
Hey. Hey. Gather round. I got the lowdown on the hottest show in town based on some shh that really happened. It's called Fight Night, the Million Dollar Heist Baby. It's about a job hustler who tangles with some stone Cold Brothers and pays the price you dig. Starring Kevin Hart, Taraji p Henson, Terrance Howard with Don Cheadle and Samuel L. Jackson. Catch Fight Night. The million dollar Heist streaming September 5th on Peacock. Right on.


Now back to the Funk


Gear Up for Outdoor Adventures with the 2024 Nissan Pathfinder, this mid-size SUVs designed for Epic Journeys, offering spacious seating for eight available panoramic moonroof, and an available intelligent four-wheel drive feature with seven drive modes. To take your off-road experience to new heights, discover the 2024 Nissan Pathfinder at Nissan usa.com. Intelligent all-wheel drive cannot prevent collisions or provide enhanced traction in all conditions. Always wanted to. Traffic and weather conditions. Towing capacity varies by configuration. See Nissan Towing Guide and Owner's manual for additional information. Always secure cargo.


Most deals are barely worth mentioning. But then there's at t's Best deal on the new Samsung Galaxy Z Flip six featuring Flex Camm With Galaxy ai, you can get it on them when you trade in your eligible smartphone any year, any condition. It's a deal. So good, you'll be shouting from the rooftops. So grab a ladder and learn how to get that new phone on At t. At and t connecting Changes everything requires Trading of Galaxy S note or Z Series Smartphone Limited Time offer 256 gigabytes for $0 additional fees, terms and restrictions apply. See att.com/ Samsung or visit an at t store for details.


State Farm Insurance knows that understanding and investing in our cultural identity is paramount in protecting our future. We know what it's like to go from nothing to something to wish that we had better financial literacy when we were younger. Luckily State Farm is here to help with funding programs like Project Ready, which is committed to education achievement and has already awarded over 11 million in scholarship offers to black and brown youth since 2021. State Farm believes that being better neighbors creates better communities. Like a good neighbor. State Farm is there.


EJ Ejm just hilarious. And Charlamagne the guy they listen to. The, Breakfast Club. Thank y'all for being like cultural leaders. Guys are family. The, Breakfast Club is where people get the information on the topics, on the artists and everything like that. You guys were nice. Everybody got me all nervous. Like you guys, let's not go watch. You're locked into the world's most dangerous morning show. More dangerous than the Bronx If. you wanna break this flu? You ain't gonna bring it. 120 minus will not come up here. Jesus. This what y'all do up here. That's right. Get up out the beds and listen to the greatest show on Earth. Good morning. USA. Yo. Yo. Yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo.


Jess is out on maternity leave. Lauren LaRosa. Good morning. Good morning. And be with the arms out. Yes. Arms always out. It's hot, but then it's cold, but then it's cold and it's Hot. It's freezing today. Charlemagne is he'll be here in a second. How you feeling, Lauren? I feel great. I feel great. Last night was long. I felt like I went to bed so late. 'cause I was watching the DNC. Yeah, the DNC. What did you think? I Thought it was really good. I felt like, I felt like they tried to make it like a pep rally vibe. It did like, It Felt like that. It felt like a pep rally. Right. Which I thought was amazing. 'cause You know they talk so much about the Democrats like losing the momentum and all that, and now she's reinvigorating it. So I thought that that was good. But I'm, I was tired of morning. How would You feel If, you were Joe Biden. Right? Because it, it feels like they was like, yes, we need change for the next four years.


Yes. It's been like, it just seems like they just was, I, I get it, but it just seems like they kind of just itched on what he did. I don't think so. I think they're just honest. It's, it's like you gotta lean into where we at right now. Where we at right now, and is people do need to feel like there's a big jump between what we had and where we going. The hell Y'all talking about DNC last night? Come on, Michelle. It, it stays on too late. I'm gonna be honest with You. Yo, I just said I'm tired because I was, I'm tired. I be trying, I stayed up to watch it last and You know Right when I, right when I was about to go to sleep, I'm talking about, 'cause Kamala Harris' husband was boring me, so I was really about to go to sleep. And then right when he got off, Michelle, Michelle came. I'm like, oh, now I gotta stay. Now that's, that's what I was here for. I gotta stay. Same. And then, but I liked how they did it 'cause she came right out and then she brought President Obama right out, right out That whisper.


You saw the whisper when he came out. He whispered And I was like, they are so cute. Mm. He should have opened up for Michelle though. No, For real. He Was mid compared to Michelle Yo You. know what I'm saying? He was, he was, he was solid, but he was very mid compared to Michelle. He should have opened up for Michelle. And being that You know the, the, the, the, the, the top of the ticket is a woman. Now. I just felt optically it would've been good for him to go first and let Michelle close the show. 'cause her speech, she bo it. Oh, what? Yeah, she bo it. Yeah, she definitely bodied it. Little John came out and performed. Yes. Turned down for what? And then window to the walls. But he said Kamala Harris to the wall. Oh. I don't know what he was saying, but what did I feel like? Black. Black. Yes, he did. He said Kamala Harris to the, he said something like that for Real Black Twitter.


Black but black Twitter. Ben did that. Or that's black X, whatever you call it. It was like to the window, to the walls. So as soon as he was announced as the VP pick, That's corny. We, we window to the walls is corny. What? Windows to the walls is corny. Why is it Corny? 'cause it is corny. It's just corny. Like windows. What You wanted. What, what should it have been? Nothing. I don't need that. No Music, no vibes. Just, just, I don't need that straight talk. Nothing's wrong. Y'all need vibes all the time. Y'all better get some policy. Y'all better worry about some legislation. Okay. Vibes. Alright, well let's get the show cracking. Will IM will be joining us this morning? You know will IM has this new radio experience that's AI driven and we'll talk to him all about that.


I don't know if we're gonna be taking our jobs, but we'll ask 'em all those questions. All right. And then we got front page news with Morgan Woods. She's actually out in Chicago at the DNC, so we'll kick it with her in a minute. So don't move. It's The. Breakfast. Club. Good morning. Morning everybody. It's DJ Envy. Jess. Hilarious. Charlamagne the guy. We are The Breakfast. Club. Jess is out. Lauren Lar is filling in. And let's get in some front page news. Good morning, Morgan. Good morning. Good morning. Happy Wednesday y'all. Y'all feeling all right? Yes, ma'am. Yes ma'am. Blessed black and Holly favor. How are you? Doing well. All right. I'm a little tired because I was out. I had to talk. I had to You know, see Obama speak last night. Yes. Former president Barack Obama spoke on Tuesday the second night of the Democratic National Convention. He told the crowd that another Trump term would be dangerous and that Kamala Harris and Tim Walls are the leaders America needs.


Right now. Let's hear more from former President Barack Obama at the DNC. Here's a 78-year-old billionaire who has not stopped whining about his problems since he wrote down his golden escalator nine years ago. We do not need four more years of bluster and bumbling and chaos. We have seen that movie before and we all know that the sequel is usually worse. So Obama said Harris will get up every morning and fight for the American people. He also talked about Tim Wall's flannel shirts saying they don't come from a political consulting adding, he's the typical American You know all American coach and things of that nature.


Obama also warned Democrats must remain focused on the next 11 weeks in order to beat Trump and added that one of his best decisions was appointing Joe Biden as his vice president. He said the two became, although they came from different backgrounds, they became brothers. Meanwhile, former First Lady, Michelle Obama also spoke at the DNC on Tuesday night before introducing her husband Barack. Of course, she said that Kamala is bringing back hope to America with her presidential run. Let's hear more from former First Lady Michelle Obama. America Hope is making a comeback. Look, Kamala knows like we do that regardless of where you come from, what you look like, who you love, how you worship, or what's in your bank account, we all deserve the opportunity to build a decent life.


See his, his limited narrow view of The World made him feel threatened by the existence of two hard work and highly educated, successful people who happen to be black. Yeah, man. Yes sir. I said earlier Barack was solid, but I thought he was mid compared to Michelle Obama driving a Obama, Michelle Obama, She out there spin Man. She was spitting. He, he actually should have opened for Michelle. Michelle should have closed it out. If. you asked me. He said that he actually did say, he's like, how can I follow that act? But, well, you shouldn't ask that. Of course, he added the, she added that the Harris Walls ticket with the Harris Walls ticket voters are embracing new enthusiasm and she is re, she said the US is ready to turn the page on fear and division.


Also, yesterday at the DNCI spoke exclusively with Martin Luther King iii, who talked about how awareness of gun violence and gun reform is important to him. Adding that his father and his grandmother were victims of gun violence. He also said, this election may one day be the most consequential election in history. Let's hear from MK the third. And what I mean by that is demi democracy is on the ballot box. We've had a candidate tell us that, If, you vote for me. You may not have, you don't, you won't need to vote again ever. That's a frightening proposition. And no one in this nation who believes in democracy should support a candidate who's touting a platform of that nature.


But the other side of the coin is we have a vice president now who can and will become the president who is talking about and living the concept of bringing people together. Every problem we have in this nation can be resolved, but it will never be resolved if we're at odds. Yeah, you're absolutely Right. Hundred percent correct. If you're wondering where Harris was yesterday, she actually jetted out to Milwaukee, Wisconsin, where she spoke to Pac House of about 15,000 supporters last night at Pfizer's forum. And that was actually live streamed into the DNCI also spoke exclusively with the mother of Juneteenth Opal Lee who said there's still much work to be done.


Memphis Congressman Justin J. Pearson, who encouraged young people to vote r and b, singer Rahim Devon, who encouraged artists to use their art in times like these. And Auntie reclaiming my time. Maxine Waters who spoke about black women leading the charge. So make sure you check out that coverage on the Black Information Network. And we've got all your DNC coverage as well. And How much pressure is on the VP to deliver a home run speech. Right? Because you've had some amazing speeches this week. You've had Hillary Clinton, you've had EOC, you had Ralph. She gotta have us like, and Michelle. It gotta be like Right, it gotta be a great church. Gotta kill it. She gotta take us to church. She gotta take us. She gotta turn it up. She gotta have us in tears. She gotta talk to policy like she has to hit so much lot of pressure.


Eloquently. What you just said, Lauren, the biggest thing, I think she gotta talk to policy. 'cause I feel like You know last night we got hope, right? Yeah. Like but but Hope is the bare minimum. And I understand why it's important to have hope. Because hope is like a, a glimpse of light and all the darkness that we've been seeing. But now that we've given people the hope and we've given people the fear, it's time for Vice President Harris to bring it home by talking about actual issues. Talk about tangible things that American people actually need. The economy, affordable healthcare, the border folks wanna know how you gonna put money in their pocket and how you gonna keep them safe. That message that the VP is pushing about rebuilding the middle class, we need to be heavy on that tomorrow. That's right. Heavy. Well we'll see tomorrow. Heavy on policy tomorrow. Alright, well thank you Morgan. We'll see you next hour.


Yeah, we'll cover what's going on on the other side of the owl. Alright, everybody else get it off your chest. 805 8 5 1 0 5 1 If you need to vent. Phone lines are wide open again, 805 8 5 1 0 5 1 is The Breakfast. Club. Good morning Bernie. Is It your time to get it off your chest? Whether you're mad or blessed? I hate the way that you walk, the way that you talk. I hate the way that you dress. Everything with me is blessed. Call up next (800) 585-1051. Not Just me, I'm with the coach of Phil. So Tanya, good morning. Hey, what's up? This is Tanya from Omaha. How y'all doing? What's up mama? Get it off your chest. Hey, I wanna get it off my chest. I got two things. The first thing I am like extremely pumped right now about this DNCI am a, I am pumped about this election coming up.


Okay. And You know what I mean? At first I was feeling a little, I was feeling really down about You know Biden And. I was feeling, I was feeling unsure about Kamala. But honestly I'm feeling this new, like this new, I don't know, this new energy, I don't know. I'm feeling a new wave. It took, it took for President Biden to get out the way, which I've been saying for the past year. Absolutely. He was the one slowing things down. He was the one that had to go, God bless You know his service, but he had to go. Yeah. And I. I've seen a couple of, I, I'm not even gonna lie, I've been watching a couple of old videos of Kamala telling these white men, what the hell? It's hell. And seeing that is just like, yo, this is what we need.


This is what America needs. We need some, some olive spray oil, sheen hair bouncing to let these people know what it's You know And I know. I just feel good about that. But the next thing I wanna get off my chest. Now tell him now, tell him what really upset about You. You, you talk a lot about these sausage studs and you already know I'm a recovery. I'm in, I I'm, I've been reformed. What you a reformed stud, but I'm a reformed toxic stud. A hostage stud. What's that? Reform? Toxic stud. Oh, toxic stud. Okay. Okay, got you. Yes. All right. I'm gonna reform one. You know. Hey, you ain't talking about these females that put us in positions where we end up looking toxic.


No, no. We not gonna explain, we not gonna blame the toxicity of studs on other people that is victim blaming. No, no, no. Because I ain't gonna lie. I got a, I had a situation a while ago. This is before I got married, before I was reformed. Okay. And I ain't gonna lie. I was messing with this chick. She told me everything was going to up and up. I'm chilling at her house, kicking it. You know I'm, I'm playing with the son. I'm, I'm, I'm right there. And lo and behold, if that daddy didn't walk in the door, man, You know what it feel like to be a woman and have a man looking at you like you a man. Well, that you knew. You knew she had a baby daddy though.


But she, but she probably thinking it's all good If. you got me in the crib And then we, and then Exactly. And I'm up here playing, having a good time. You know, thinking, oh, everything's off. Easy peasy lemon squeezy and baby daddy walk in. And he looking at me like, no, no. And I'm like, honey, I I'm a woman. I'm a lady. Oh, Now you're a woman. Yeah. See, see this is what I don't understand about studs. Right. They come in with they nice baggy t-shirts on. They baggy sweatpants. Right. They nice speaker, they nice sneakers. And then they got that, they got that five speed internal vibrator and wonder why these women losing they damn mind You know what Charlamagne, somebody hurt you woman out there hurt you And I Dunno who it was, but she hurt you.


No thank You Tanya You know you You know the toxicity of your type. Mad toxic Studs came up to me at the car show and was like, yo, tell Charlemagne we ain't, we ain't all toxic like That. They, and and the crazy part is every stud. I know that used to be toxic or is toxic. No, they toxic or used to be toxic. So what does that tell you? But they was toxic. Yes. They know They not delusional. Get it off your chest. 805 8 5 1 0 5 1. If. you need to vent. Hit us up now it's The, Breakfast Club. Good morning The. Breakfast Club. This your time to get it off your chest. Whether you're mad or blessed, we wanna hear from you on The. Breakfast. Club. Hello? Who's this? Get it off your chest. It's Johnson George. How you doing Andy?


What's up sir? What part of Jersey? Patterson. Okay, Patterson. What's up? Get it off your chest brother. I'm, I migrated to Florida like these people came through South Florida. I wanna get off my chest now. How you guys falling from all so bad? I mean you guys are falling head over hill to this lady. She was VP almost four years. She done absolutely nothing and she copying Patron Trumps no tax on temps and everybody just falling for it. I mean it is ridiculous. What's going on with y'all? What you mean? I promoter, I mean, Charlie Man, you too man. You ju just as guilty man. I mean not you envy so much because you, you somewhat 50 50. I could see it for Charlotte man. Well actually, actually I've been supporting the, the vice president since 2020 You.


know what I'm saying? I was on the, I I I was on, I did, I did a couple of campaign stops with her in 2020. I like her message of rebuilding the middle class. Don't you want the opportunity to own a small business? Don't you want the opportunity to own a home? Don't you want to see more money in working class people's pockets? And I. Like the fact that You know I, she's put her money where her mouth is and You know in regards to mental health $285 million to increase the amount of mental health professionals in schools. That's stuff that I can get behind. You know her being a leader in the maternal health space. That's stuff that I can get behind. Those are tangible things I can put my hands on to say You know what I can get behind that. Do I love, do I love the whole Democratic party? No, but she has some policies that I can get behind. Save me telling me the past four years what's been going on.


Everybody's been hurting. She's done absolutely nothing for the border. That was a one job as vp absolutely nothing. She is just a face. Do you not know she's not who in charge of this one on and running things with Democrat party. But That's the point. That's what, that's what a vice. That's the point when you, that's the point When you say, when you say a Vice p Hey listen, and by the way I had to temp my expectations too, but when you say a vice president, vice president wasn't doing nothing, that's the point. Like that's what a vice president is supposed to do. But she has been doing a lot. But a vice president is supposed to be quiet. She's not the person in charge. Hello? Who's this? It's E from Detroit. What up do get it off your chest. Good Morning y'all. I ain't really got nothing to get off my chest.


I just wanna shout out my daughter's Lemonade business selling in the big three. Her name is Imari. Y'all still follow her on Instagram? I-M-A-R-I Lemonade You know I got a couple of two producers. Yes we do. Where at? Tell people where they can pull up. That's is what's at Seven Mile in Evergreen at the Nick D'S seven Mile in Woodward. Des Girl Donuts. We all over the place. She got a cash app or c Can we, if somebody's outta town, can they just give us some money to give some free lemonade to some people that walk By? Yes. So we got the cash app dollar sign. I-M-A-N-I-E-M-I-N-L-E-Y. And how old is she? I think got follow on Instagram?


Seven. Seven? Okay. Yeah. I'm gonna vet it first. No you're Not man. T support that little 7-year-old girl. Man. I'm gonna look at her Instagram and see if she really got a lemonades then. Okay, Well, I Mean, well thank you EI Thought you ain't gonna taste the lemonade. Lemonade, Alrightyy. Good luck Alrightyy. Thank you. Alrightyy. You know what else I wanna say too is 76 days to the election. Right? Right. I'm not telling you who to vote for. I'm just telling you who I'm, who I'm choosing to support. But You know, I I don't, I don't, I don't knock who you choose to vote for. There's Nothing wrong with hearing both Sides. If. you If, you wanna vote for Trump? Vote for Trump If. you wanna vote for our kids union? Vote for our kids union. You wanna vote for court? And I was vote for court. Now what? I'm just telling you who I'm supporting and why. It's, there's nothing wrong with hearing both sides. There's nothing wrong with hearing everybody's policy. And, and like you said, you, you vote your best interest, you don't vote because of a celebrity tells you to vote.


You don't vote because Charlemagne, myself or Lauren tell you to vote. You vote your interest, you hear both sides and you decide what you want to do. Yeah. And even like You know when the guy called just now and said that You know we fallen over Hill You know the first time vice president Kamala Harris was on Breakfast Club was 2018. Right. We've been introduced you to Vice president. Been Kam Harris three times. She was when she was a senator. Well I as a person who recently fell back in love with her, I am head over heels. And, I don't care that people are upset about it. I don't Think you should fall head over heels though. I mean That I think, I think you mean that saying should Look at her policies and see what policies you like. I I mean that in saying like, it's it's not like a she can do no wrong. She's not perfect. She's gonna let You know. Yes, And, I think that you should hold people accountable for things, especially people who need something for you.


Yeah. Politicians need us like we need them. Right. But I don't think there's anything wrong with being loud about supporting her. If. you were a little bit unsure. Like after she got into the office of VP If you, we, you expected certain things and then you felt like whatever your expectations were, whoever you are, We were all going to vote begrudgingly. Yeah. Like there's You know. We were all like, oh God, okay, here take it now. You got a little enthusiasm. You got a little excitement. Even If, you got just contentment. Yeah, that's cool. But I don't think there's nothing wrong with that. But Michelle Obama said something very real last night. I can't remember exactly how she said it, but she said We ain't got time for no BS playing. She said that too playing. But she also said that there will be times these people will let you down. There will be times when the vice president lets you down when Tim Wall lets you down.


There are going to be those moments. But You know. You just got to You know. Stay, stay steadfast. Well get it off. You make mistakes. Get it off your chest. 805 8 5 1 0 5 1. Now we got just with the mess with Lauren Osa coming up. What we talking about? Yes we do. Jennifer Lopez has finally filed for divorce from Ben Affleck. I ain't know they was Married. You knew they was married. I had no idea. They bought a house together. They had a wedding and everything y'all have reported on it Did up here Multiple times. I promise you I ain't know they was married. I'll tell you one thing. They never look happy. I think for a little quick minute, second. But it's a big deal because this was supposed to be like her rekindling the vibe. They Never look happy You know what I mean? He upset. She's been in and out of a couple marriages. He always looked pissed off. I he That's just him. He just looks like that. You only see these people every now and then, by the way. And then every time you see vacation, Ben have like A J-Lo they'd be everywhere.


That's part of that was reportedly, that was a part of Ben's problem is that they everywhere. I just, I I didn't know they were married. That's Kind of crazy. Well, we'll Talk about it when we come back. It's The breakfast slogan. Good morning The. Breakfast Club. Morning everybody. It's DJ Envy. Jess. Hilarious. Charlamagne the guy. We are The Breakfast Club. Lauren LaRosa is filling in for Jess. And let's get to Jess with the Mess with Lauren LaRosa News Is real weather. It is real. Jess Robin Moore. Jess don't do no lying. Don't Do no lie. She don't. Nobody.


Hey, hey. Gather round. I got the lowdown on the hottest show in town based on some shh that really happened. It's called Fight Night, the Million Dollar Heist baby. It's about a job hustler Who tangles with some stone Cold Brothers and pays the price you dig. Starring Kevin Hart, Taraji p Henson, Terrence Howard with Don Cheadle and Samuel L. Jackson. Catch Fight Night. The million dollar Heist streaming September 5th on Peacock. Right on now back to the funk.


Hibernation season is over and it's time to get some sun outside. Gather your crew and hit the road in a spacious 2024 Nissan Pathfinder your gateway to larger than life adventures with spacious seating for eight and available panoramic moonroof. Everyone can enjoy the journey and soak in the scenery. You have the Great Outdoors Plus with an available towing capacity of up to 6,000 pounds. And an available intelligent four-wheel drive feature with seven drive modes. You can take your favorite toys while adventuring on new terrains. Seize the thrill and start exploring with the 2024 Nissan Pathfinder today. Head over to Nissan usa.com to learn more intelligent All-Wheel Drive cannot prevent collisions or provide enhanced traction in all conditions. Always monitor traffic and weather conditions. Towing capacity varies by configuration. Seen Nissan Towing Guide and Owners manual. For additional information, always secure cargo


NFL week one. It is finally here. And a new season means new ways to get in on the action at Draftking Sportsbook, an official sports betting partner of the NFL. Are you ready to place your first bet? Try betting on something simple like picking a player to score a touchdown. Let's go Score big with DraftKings. Sportsbook the best place to bet touchdowns. Download the DraftKings Sportsbook app. Use the code Bobby Sports. Put in the code Bobby Sports and get $250 in bonus bets when you bet. Just five bucks. You heard that right? And get one month of NFL plus premium on DraftKings. That's right. DraftKings. The crown is yours. Gambling problem. Call 1-800-GAMBLER in New York. Call 8 7 7 8 Hope and y or Text Hope and y 4 6 7 3 6 9 and Connecticut Help is available for problem gambling. Call 8 8 8 7 8 9 7 7 7 7 or visit cpg.org. Please play responsibly on behalf of Boot Hill Casino and Resort Kansas. 21 plus age and eligibility varies by jurisdiction void, New Hampshire, Oregon, and Ontario. Bonus bets expire 168 hours after issuance. For additional terms and responsible gaming resources, see dk g.co/ft Ball. NFL plus premium offer available only to new and former l plus subscribers. Additional NFL plus premium terms at nfl.com/terms


On The. Breakfast. Club. She's the coaches. Lauren LaRosa. I'm back. And. I Got the mess. Talk, talk to me. Alrightyy, y'all. So this has been a long time coming and honestly not surprising not because of JLo's track record when it comes to husbands Jesus and dating Jesus. I I mean I Damn You just said JLo can't keep him in. Lauren. I, I don't know. Shoot at Puerto Ricans this morning and go, we We gonna have a conversation about Can I shoot back at you too? What? What we think the, or not even Yeah. What we think the issue is. 'cause no one knows I'm saying that because you just blamed It on her, but Continue. I did not. What I'm saying is that it is very well known that J-Lo has been married a few times. She's been married four times.


So the Ben Affleck situation was supposed to be, and people were so excited about Benford because this was supposed to be like the one she spent the block. They spent the block, this was supposed to work out. It was familiar territory. But there was trouble in paradise. Like we had been seeing her with a ring without a ring. We had been seeing them one time they were arguing or, or I had a little grunt disgruntled situation on the right carpet. So yesterday, Tuesday, J-Lo filed for divorce in la. She listed the date of separation as of April 26th, 2024. She filed on the day that is marked as the second anniversary of their Georgia wedding. So when they got married, you remember they got married in Vegas and then they had this big ceremony in Georgia.


The house was like such a big deal because it was like one of the houses that symbolized the time from their first time being together, which didn't work out. It was supposed to be her fairytale. So that date was significant as well. And then TMZ who broke the story is reporting that a source is telling them even though that this is not, I guess, listed in the documents that there was no prenup. So everything that the two Ben Affleck and J-Lo have earned while together, including several big movies and different projects is community property and their sources telling them that they haven't hashed it all out. That they've been trying to figure it out behind the scenes, but it hasn't been as pretty. She did file pro se, which means she goes and she files without an attorney. And some people will say, If, you filed pro se that means that you and your other person, your strange person, have figured out some sort of agreement to work it out.


Right? Yeah. Where you just wanna go get it over with and start the paperwork and the legal process. 'cause you guys have already figured it out. But TMZ is being told that they have not hashed everything out when it comes to like the money and, and the divorce itself. So this is is it's major news because like I said, like J-Lo, she's been married to now Ben Affleck, Mark Anthony, Chris Judd and Oja, I hope I'm saying his name right. She's been seen with a few other people outside of that. And on One I did not know she was marrying these people. I knew her and Mark Anthony was married. Yeah. I didn't know she was married. These other people. Yeah. And Wait, no, the first one. The first one. Nobody knows his face. That was the first. Oh, Johnny, Johnny Was the first. That The first one. And then Mark Anthony was after that. And then Chris Ju No, I'm sorry.


You Chris ju again. Who's that? I can't remember. Huh? Wait was the backup? She married the Backup dancer. The backup dancer. They got married. Oh, Johnny. Oh. Hate On the backup dancer. I'm Not You know. They Got married. I had it mixed up. See, it's so many. Wow. You taught her a hoe. It's no, that's crazy. I didn't You Are wild. I don't think that she's a hoe. Do I say That? Then I have a Wait, wait. Let me finish what I'm doing. We gonna get to all that. The, the trying to stir. So Ojo and then it was Ben Affleck the first time. No, they were engaged. Her and Ben Affleck the first time. And then she met Mark Anthony during that after the engagement split And they got married, He came in, then they got married, then Chris Judd, then she actually married Ben Affleck. She Didn't, she didn't marry Chris Judd. Did she? Yes. Chris Judt. Does it matter? We got it.


She's been married a lot too. She Four times. So this is, this is my thing. Right. That's Why I like when Lauren said she's, there's so many damn just hating. You ain't had one Lauren, but continue. Oh wow. Nothing. I don't know why I'm just talking. That was a staff. Don't listen to me. Go ahead Lauren. I'm listening. You lucky. I think your wife is such a queen. You are lucky to have her. 'cause I would lit you up. That's true. Anyway, so the conversation around this is that, is it that J-Lo can't keep him in? That's that's What you've been trying to get at now. Haven't I been saying that for the past five minutes? See how Lauren been circling the block looking for a shot. You see? Pow. Why you just ain't shoot from the Beginning. You done Mr. Avenger, are you done?


I will say they never happy, in my opinion, every time I see them in public, they just didn't, they didn't give me happy vibes. No. In the beginning I was Team Jennifer. Like when they got back together, she looked happy. Kendall. It was her and it was Ashanti and Nelly. Now I, Ashanti and Nelly both, they both look happy. She didn't never look happy. Even when one time, none of these people we don't. But what I seen when she slammed the door when she was trying to get in there, they had the little Starbucks. They never looked happy In the beginning. When I first like was like, was watching all of this like turmoil or whatever was happening, I felt like, dang, J-Lo like, what's going on sis? Like why can't you keep him in? That's the God Lord. Think that's the, I think that that might not be JLo's fault. Damn. So I think that that's the first instant thought when you see something like this. And then I just went back through the dating history from even when like, she was like being spotted and posting pictures with Drake and like whatever.


And honestly She was dating Drake. It was like a, it was like a fun thing. You don't remember they were posting the pictures and they were like laid up together. You remember that? Well, This roster you making for JLo is crazy. I don't know what long, I don't know what J-Lo did to You. It's public information. But what I'm gonna say is, is that I no longer think that J-Lo can't keep a man. I think J-Lo knows her worth because in in several of these situations there were things that were reportedly happening. Like even with Aro, right? Like with the Arod situation. You Just throwing out mad names. God keep Going. Y don't, y'all don't remember when she was with that was We don't, Y'all Don't remember crazy what you doing to Jennifer this one too? All I'm Saying is that All I'm saying is that people are gonna look at her and look at her age and be like, she should have stayed where she was at. And that's the instant thing to think.


But I think she's to a point where if things are not right for her, she's J-Lo she's getting up out there. Maybe the Bronx gonna be so mad. Maybe there's Nothing wrong with that. Well drop on a clue box with J-Lo J-Lo got options. Exactly. Okay. Don't none of y'all other women try this at home. You're not J-Lo Lauren. Now listen, I wonder what the drive is. I didn't even say nothing. I wonder what the drive is when you are somebody like J-Lo like are you looking for love? Do you like being married? I'm sure she looking for love. Like what's the, what's the reasoning for being married? We all love, love all times. So I'm sure she, she loves love. I'm sure she likes being with somebody. Cuddling up with somebody. With somebody. You, but you gotta jump, jump the broom. I think also too, I think so, and a lot of the her marriage situations, the amount of publicity she gets, because she's Jennifer Lopez has sometimes come into the relationship and played an issue.


And I. Think when you're in that world and you find someone who feels like, okay, we in this together. You wanna, you wanna stick with that? It feels safe. And it's hard to feel safe when you're Jennifer Lopez. Like, think about that. How Can you feel safe with somebody who ruined two superhero movies? Ben Affleck ruined two superhero movies. He doesn't deserve J-Lo You ruined Batman and Dead Devil. Why does he deserve a J-Lo? Well You can't put his acting on his love life. Yes I can. Okay. What, what? What does it So you're a bad actor. So you're a bad husband. I don't know. I'm just talking. It's radio. All right, well that is just with the mess with Lauren la Yeah. When we come back we got front page news and will I And we'll be joining us. Sister The. Breakfast Club. Good morning. You are checking out The. Breakfast. Club. Morning everybody. It's Djj Envy.


Jess hilarious Charlamagne ne guy. We are The Breakfast Club. Justice is on maternity leave. Lauren Laro is filling in. And let's get back in some front page news. What up Morgan? What up? What up? So former President Trump, we wanna know what's going on with him, right? He is Counterprogramming the Democratic National Pro. The Democratic National Convention with a visit to Michigan yesterday, speaking from the small town of Howell, Trump focused on the issue of crime. Ironically, let's hear more from former President Trump. The Past four years. The Marxist left has waged a vicious war on law enforcement in our country. They've taken away the dignity and the spirit that we want a crime Free America. We're gonna stop violent crime in the United States.


He don't wanna be there no more. Man, he sounds, you can hear, you can hear it in his. Take a nap voice. He wants take a Nap. He just talking. 'cause he gotta let them know. He in class, He wanna take a nap. That's all. Donald Trump is over it. He does not want to be the Republican nominee no more. He is hoping that Republicans do him the way the Democrats did. Biden, he wants to be put out his misery. You can hear it in his. It's too late. Fast voice late. Nicki Haley told y'all months ago, she said the the first party to get rid of their 80-year-old candidate was gonna win this election. That's why Democrats have so much energy right now. Republicans should have done the same. There is no way Donald Trump should have been y'all nominee. He just was go fishing. Go. He just was to go fishing, to play golf. There's no way you can hear it in his voice. Yes you can do not wanna be there no more. No. I find it fascinating that he chose crime to talk about being that he is a 34 time felon.


Anyways, meanwhile, his VP pick Ohio, Senator JD Vance, appeared at a campaign event in Battleground State, Wisconsin that was focused also on crime. Vance challenged Terrace to speak to Presley, hear more from JD Vance. Kamala Harris is gonna run the campaign that she runs. I would say that I wish that she would do what I'm doing right now, which is talk to the media and actually answer some tough questions. Yeah. So this comes also as Donald Trump says, he would consider Robert F. Kennedy Jr. For a role in his administration. On Tuesday, the former president spoke with reporters following the campaign event in Michigan where he said he likes and respects RFK and would probably consider him for a job with the administration if Trump wins.


He also referred to Kennedy as a brilliant guy and said he'd be honored if Kennedy chose to endorse him, which has yet to happen. Now, speaking of people who worked for Trump, his former aide took the stage at the Democratic National Convention yesterday in Chicago. Stephanie Grisham showed her support for Vice President Kamala Harris. Let's hear more from her. I saw him when the cameras were off behind closed doors. Trump mocks his supporters. He calls them basement dwellers. He has no empathy, no morals, and no fidelity to the truth. He used to tell me, it doesn't matter what you say, Stephanie, say it enough.


And people will believe you. But it does matter what you say is matter. And what you don't say matters. I I am tired of the Trump is terrible rhetoric though, because like, it, it feels like a waste of time. Like you're not changing anybody's mind. Like You know Trump supporters are his supporters. They're gonna support him regardless. I don't think he's going to, he's growing his base in any, any way, shape or form. So that's the, those are the moments I wish that I, I would rather just hear people focus on You know policy and things that the American people actually need. Well, they're hoping that they can. Right? Like this morning somebody called, he was a Trump supporter and a lot of the Trump supporters have everything all wrong, right? They have all the policy's wrong. They have what the, the vice president and president's done wrong. So people are trying to say, well he's a liar.


And. I want you to know he's a liar. 'cause people really believe what he said Is the truth. Yeah. And there's also a lot of people who know he's a liar. Right? They know about the criminal convictions and they Don't care. And, I feel like the bad boy persona works for him. Well, I mean ride or die for the Donald. Yeah. And we've been watching Trump for this 2016. Like there's nothing new you're gonna tell us about him. What's his edge right now Before you don't have one? Because Yeah, Because before, Before it was like he was the one, he was like speaking straight to the people he was cutting through. 'cause the stuff he was saying and doing now it's like No energy, no vibes, no policies, no not even no jokes. His jokes ain't even hitting no more. I think he kind Of scared. Yeah. Ever since that assassination attempt.


So going back, Grisha resigned from the administration after Rioters stormed the US Capitol on January 6th, 2021. She said she did leave it to the, she said she did leave it to the insanity. Grisham says she believes in Kamala Harris and added that Trump isn't who he says he is. She served him in a number of roles in the Trump administration, including as the first lady, Melania Trump's chief of staff and White House press secretary at a time. Yeah. So other speakers that also took the stage last night at the DNC second gentleman, Doug Emh, Illinois, governor JB Pritzker and Bernie Sanders. Wednesday or today we're scheduled to see vice presidential nominee. Tim Walls deliver his acceptance speech along with former President Clinton, Nancy Pelosi and transportation secretary Pete Buttigieg.


Yeah. The men, the men gotta bring it. All the men have been very, very, very lackluster. Except for Raphael. Warnock. Raphael Warnock was good. He took us to church. Barack Barack was decent. It just seemed very mid compared to Michelle Obama. Raskin was good. But all the ladies, all the ladies been bringing it. All of 'em. A OC, Hillary, Michelle, Obama, Jasmine, Jasmine, Crockett, like they've been bodying it. It might just be a time for the women. You probably right, but that's why Barack should opened up Michelle. Ba ba right. I I like that Lauren. Okay, so, but unrelated, let's switch, switch gears a little bit. I'm unrelated to politics or the DNC, but still very important news. The former Minneapolis police officer convicted of killing George Floyd, that's Derek Chauvin.


He's now in Texas though yesterday Chauvin was relocated from a transfer facility in Oklahoma to a minimum security federal prison in Big Spring, Texas. Now there's no word on to why the move took place, but this does come on the same day. That fellow former Minneapolis police officer Thomas Lane, who was also involved in that event. Event, he was convicted in the Floyd case. He was released from prison yesterday. So, mm, not sure too sure what's going on with it and Minneapolis, but yeah, that's the front page news. Alright, thank you Morgan. You Follow? Yeah, follow me on social at Morgan Media. M-O-R-G-Y-N-M-E-D-I-A. And for more news coverage from the DNC and more follow at Black Information Network and down that free, download that free iHeartRadio app and visit BN news.com.


Talk to y'all later. Yes Ma'am. Alright, now when we come back, will IM will be joining us. We gonna kick it with will IM So don't move. It's The. Breakfast, Club. Good morning The. Breakfast Club. Morning everybody. It's DJ Envy. Jess. Hilarious. Charlemagne the guy. We are The Breakfast. Club. Lauren LaRosa is filling in for Jess. And we got a special guest in the building. Yes, indeed. He's back. Well, I am. What's up y'all? Good morning. How you feeling? I'm good. Thank you guys for, for having me back. It's always great to Be here. I mean, every time you come you give so much information. So it's never enough to have you once. Oh, thank you. Thank you. You know it means a lot. Means a lot. And congrats. Oh, thank You. I like, I like watching you on a, on a daily show.


It's really, really dope. I appreciate that my brother. Now you got a a, a new program that's designed to take us out. That's What it's No, no, it's not Personalities. DJs getting us about, we're interviewing the guys. They said you take the Radio station to announce that they would probably need to resign. Yeah, that We gonna need to resign. We might need a job. Shout the head in the back. Pause. Is the name of it radio Fi or is it fy.ai? Which one is it? It's radio Do radio fyi. Radio fy. Okay, so Break down this new platform that's gonna be taking our jobs with, So it's not gonna take your jobs. A lot of people are, when when, when they think of the word ai, they think that their job is going to be threatened. And there's some, there's some jobs that will be unstable. But in this case, I created radio, FYI to like augment and dimensionalize radio.


I love radio. And no, in no way do I want to like put something out that will disrupt or unstabilize this format, this community, this way of like informing and and engaging. That's like the last thing I wanna do. But when I was doing my, my show on Sirius xm, I realized like, wow, check this out. I got something that could go out and fetch information in real time and expand my knowledge as I engage or inform And. I wanted to do that for all DJs and hosts and, and journalists. Why should I be the only person that has like this super tool? And so if you're If you're broadcasting, you now have a, a different co-star or, or co-host or a seat. For example, Charlamagne's, Airwood computer, Laurens Airwood computer.


You got your phone, you got the cameraman there. If this was like radio in 1950, there was no computer, there was no phone and there was no camera. So you've added new technology to your broadcast If. you are going out there and try to get a job, try to get a job without a bank account, without a laptop, without a phone. It can't work in the workplace without these tools. So when it comes to like your a, a broadcast or radio, why not have something instead of typing the information and then reading through it. Something that you could banter with live about what the broadcast is. Okay, so you wouldn't need a co-host Basically? No. You, you still need a co-host because you need something to banter with it.


Okay. But Fact check somebody fact checking and, and break it. Right? Just like If, you If, you got somebody here and somebody dropping bs. You're like, I don't really know about that Charles, ah, What you, And then Charles would have to be like, okay, here's what I'm talking about. So if you're in here having a conversation with a politician and they're talking about some legislation Yeah, call him on it right then and there. Got you guys. You could be like, yo, ai ai cohost is this dude capping and AI would be up. It got infinite ability to go out and get the right truth and knowledge, but sometimes it could, it could hallucinate. Then you gotta push it and push it and push it to break it. It too could make errors of mistake just like a person can. It's built off of a neur network. So, but it it, it adds for a richer, real time deeper engagement on the information you're trying.


So students can Use this in school too. So if a teacher's teaching and the teacher's not teaching, You can't take that school the Proper thing. You say like, teachers, this is bs how you I graduate Bcu teacher's gonna be like, you in that bot. Better get outta here. But it's A fact checker, right? Yeah, it's a fact checker. I I I use it at Harvard. I graduate this year from Harvard. I, I congrat use my, my, my AI is like a a, a study buddy. Like for example, say for example it was mathematicians or at one point in time it was like taboo to rock into a class with a calculator. Now people that are building tall ass buildings, simulating them to where, so where they, the earthquake proof you need calculation, you need these types of simulations to erect awesome buildings. You know. So calculators have now been accepted in school.


In the next couple of blinks, it will be the norm to have these agents or ais in the learning environment. So a teacher will Be like, Christopher Columbus founded America and the calculate and the, and the AI will be like, and then they explain what It is. It can't disrupt though, right? You said it's not supposed to Disrupt. What do you mean disrupt? It won't interrupt a class like what he's saying or will it, because that's my whole thing with like, you take that bot into certain classrooms and it's interrupting the class. It's like how is that? But you Gotta prompt it before it don't just talk. It's not just gonna be like bleep bleep. It ain't gonna be like some RT D tube where, where it's just gonna start. Oh, so this is an actual No, just like the phone you, i with you. So check us out. So like I said, do remember when we was talking And, I was like, they probably gonna get freaked out and say like, jobs are gonna be taken exactly what just happened.


But anyway, say what's up? We here. I told you I was gonna bring you on to the show. Say what's up to everybody. We started. Hey yo, what's up Breakfast Club fam? Thanks for having me. Yo, like I said, I knew there might be some worries about jobs being taken, but let's clear the air. This is about enhancing, not replacing. We are here to elevate the game with radio Fly ice saying what's up to Charlemagne, DJ Envy and Lauren, and a big shout out to Jess. Hilarious on maternity. Liv, let's get into it. You feel me? Alright, let's dive into this. What do Yo so I was telling him that like if you're doing a radio show, you got a laptop or you got a computer with systems like you, it's like a conversational laptop phone that's able to go out and crawl and get like real time information.


For example, why don't you pull up some of the highlights from DNC in Chicago right quick so we could get into some of the, the hot topics that people were are talking about based on some of the speeches. So check it out fam. We got the latest buzz from Y


Hey, hey, gather round. I got the lowdown on the hottest show in town based on some shh that really happened. It's called Fight Night, the Million Dollar Hikes baby. It's about a job hustler who tangles with some stone Cold Brothers and pays the price you dig. Starring Kevin Hart, Taraji p Henson, Terrance Howard with Don Cheadle and Samuel L. Jackson. Catch Fight Night. The million dollar heist streaming September 5th on Peacock. Right on now back to the funk.


Hibernation season is over and it's time to get some sun outside. Gather your crew and hit the road in the spacious 2024 Nissan Pathfinder your gateway to larger than life adventures with spacious seating for eight and available panoramic moonroof. Everyone can enjoy the journey and soak in the scenery of the great Outdoors. Plus with an available towing capacity of up to 6,000 pounds. An available intelligent four-wheel drive feature with seven drive modes. You can take your favorite toys while adventuring on new terrains, seize the thrill, and start exploring with a 2024 Nissan Pathfinder today. Head over to Nissan usa com to learn more intelligent. All-wheel drive cannot prevent collisions or provide enhanced traction in all conditions. Always monitor traffic and weather conditions. Towing capacity varies by configuration. See Nissan Towing Guide in Owner's manual for additional information. Always secure cargo.


Rest. Today's Democratic National Convention in Chicago, just like I told you with radio fyi, it's like having a conversational laptop that can pull in realtime info. Here's what popped off. Highlights. She speakers, we had heavyweights like Hillary Clinton, Alexandria Ocasio-Cortez, Jill Biden, and President Joe Biden himself dropping gems. Today's lineup, Barack Obama and Michelle Obama will be headlining today. It's about to be a homecoming as they're back in the chief showing love and supporting Kamala Harris's nomination. Key points, Hillary and a OC. Were on fire talking about the future of the party. While Jill and Joe focused on the achievements and plans moving forward, what you'll think about these hot topics and speeches feels like the energy is through the roof.


Right? Let's dive into it. I Get it. I could see why you still would need people. Yeah. You still need at the same time. Because I could then go in there and could be like, okay, so if they say anything about like, AI in this, in this conversation, as You know, we're in a, in a presidential election, we have new platforms. So by the time that it's 2028, the world's gonna be totally different. Right? So when they talk about the future, why they're talking about the future of like forever learning, or they talk about the jobs that are most likely to be disrupted, like white collar jobs, financial advisors or, or, or lawyers. Right? Or the creative space. Who programs that though? Like who, can I ask you the question? Yeah. Yeah. Oh boy. Oh no. It's a, a single question.


Long press on it. Long Did Kamala Harris vote to stop taxing tips in 2022? So farm, there isn't a specific vote in 2022, but Kamala Harris acted to stop taxing tips as vice president. She's more involved in executive actions and tie-breaking Senate votes rather than specific legislation like this. You feel me? However, the topic of taxing tips is always relevant in broader discussions about fair wages and workers' rights, especially amongst service industry Folks, if we want to dive deeper into this, we should look at overall legislative efforts around wage and labor rights.


What do you think? Firm That's right. To keep moving. Yeah, he's absolutely right because that didn't happen. How do you make sure, sure. There's a, there's a rumor online, there's an Instagram meme going around saying that she did that, but that it never happens. But that, see that's my Question. Who programs? Yeah. Like how do you make sure it's right? Yeah. How, yeah, how do you make sure it's Right? So, so our crawler architecture is getting information from credible sources. So we'll get from You know political sources that are RSS feeds that are feeding the truth information. What we don't do is crawl the open web. That's when you get, that's when you fall into like bunch of capin, a bunch of hallucinations and fake news when it's all, when it's trying to source everything that's out there. So we get it from credible sources and only credible sources.


And if it If you ask it a question that it doesn't know, it's gonna be like, I don't know the answer to that. All we got more with will I? And when we come back, don't move. It's The, Breakfast, Club. Good morning. Morning everybody. It's D Nv Jess. Hilarious. Charlemagne the guy. We are The. Breakfast. Club. Lauren LA is filling in for Jess. We're still kicking it with Will. I am Charlemagne You. know what I like about this? I feel like it could revolutionize the podcast game. Mm. You know what I mean? Because that's one of my biggest issues with podcasting is that there, and, and not even just podcasting, it's anybody with a platform, but in particular like the YouTube spaces, the podcast spaces, there's so much misinformation. And I've been seeing these kids online using chat g PT to get information in real time. Mm. So if they start using that, I mean especially 'cause all the news right now, like it's coming from social media and a lot of social media people just regurgitate information.


So If you have that it kind of counters, but to your point of like it not just spanning the web, right? Like when everything happened with the Olympics, when they were trying to, they were having a conversation about the fighter, whether she was transgender or not, there were valid sources that were having a transgender conversation like she was a transgender woman. There were also valid sources that were not having it and saying that she was not in a situation like that. How would that, that AI bot know which one to lean on? Was Amman, what's her name? Kif was Amman. Let's ask it was Ahman Kif born with her penis? Jesus Christ. Hold on. I don't think he talk to it Like that. Well if it's a transgender conversation, the person wouldn't have been born Awo.


Just ask a mom. Just ask if a mom was a transgender. It's a transgender Woman. You know that girl that was on the Olympics. Everybody was saying We trying be Man S saying, But You know. You know that girl. Oh sorry. Amman Kif. But if that's how you talk to your bot, you have to talk like that all the time. Or can like No, I just talk To it like I talk to It. Don't understand. Do your Do your thing. Go ahead. But that was him talking to the homie. Yeah, go ahead. You know that You know that girl that they thought was a transgender in the Olympics. I think she's from Northern Africa and whatnot. And then she was boxing somebody in the home. The girl that she was boxing said she hit hard. So she had to be a dude one. What's the girl's name or the person that they said is transgender's name.


And what was the mix up behind it? Why did social media get it wrong if they got it wrong? Is it right? Is it correct? I just need to know the information. Sorry for being vague and asking the question. I'm representing the majority of the people out there that were confused about the matter. Wow. I got you. Fa The athlete you are referring to is Casta from South Africa. No, no, no, no. Wait, wait, wait, wait. No, no. You said South Africa. I don't think he's from South Africa is Boxer. That's North Africa. Okay. The boxer from North Africa. Gotcha. My bad fam. North Africa.


Let's sort this out. One athlete name as of now, The athlete in the Olympics. The boxer that hit that chick so hard, she thought she was a dude. And then she's from Algeria. From what? Algeria. From Algeria You. know what I'm talking about? Ahman. Klif. Alright fam, I've got the scoop. The athlete you're talking about is Iman Klif from Algeria. Here are the Dets athlete Iman Kif, sport boxing controversy. Imani Kiff has been surrounded by gender controversy and faced baseless accusations regarding her gender identity. These allegations came after she won Olympic boxing gold and hit an opponent so hard that it sparked debate about her gender.


Despite questionable claims of unspecified gender testing by the International Boxing Association, the International Olympic Committee IOC stood by her affirming that she was born a woman and identifies as her biological gender. Social media impact misinformation spread quickly, making her a central figure in culture wars. Kelly faced what she described as a digital lynching amid these allegations. And Monica Leaf is rocking it legit. What do you think fam? Wow. The question is how do you, okay, so say for example, I asked you this question the day of when, when, when social media was circulating a bunch of You know false doms and mad kain, how would you decipher the truth from the noise?


You being an AI agent or You know a conversationalist. How would you get the right information? Or would you circulate false doms? I, that's a solid question, fam. Let's break it down. Separating the truth from noise. One source verification. Always start by checking multiple credible sources. Look for news from verified outlets like BBC, Reuters or AP News. These platforms have rigorous fact-checking processes. Two cross-referencing. Compare information from different sources. If multiple reputable outlets are reporting the same facts, it's more likely to be true.


Free official statements. Seek out statements from a, But in this case a multiple situations were fanning and reporting what we now know as false. So how would you decipher between the two? Because then they'd have to apologize for circulating falses. Because If, you have 10 sites, six of which are reporting fms, four of them are true and social media is amplifying and circulating them even more. You being an AI agent and an AI persona, how would you decipher what's true or not? Or would you partake in circulating FMS as well? I'm curious to know. Got you. Fam deciphering the truth amidst the sea of falsehood is like finding the real diamond.


Great in a pile of ball shards. Here's how I tackle it. On source credibility, trust established sources prioritize information from well established and reputable sources over lesser known ones. Major outlets often have stricter editorial standards and fact checking procedures. That's crazy. Track record. I'd look at the track record of the sources. If a site has a history of reliable reporting, it's more credible. Two official statements and primary sources. And, and to make it, you're probably gonna have like seven. I'm sorry for interrupting you, I'm just on the radio right now. If if I wasn't on the radio, we could just banter all day and you do this in how many seconds?


'cause it would take me like a day just to go through it. And then not a Journalist You know or journalists would take them hours. How fast are you going through all these sources to be able to get the truth and compare and, and do your analysis? No, no worries. I get it. Radio keeps you on your toes. So let me break it down quick and clean. Speed of analysis. Milliseconds. I can aggregate data from Multiple sources. They just took my job. Jackson Millisecond. No. Did it take your, I I be positive. Does the AI have like it's a great companion. Literally everything he just described that day is what I did. I got online. I looked at who saying yes, who's saying no. I was like, okay, because I know the inner workings.


Who do I, I know their process is so who is most credible all the time. And then I said, there has to be an official committee making a statement. And I looked for that and CNN had it. And then I went with that because I have someone dependent on, as a journalist, if it's, he literally did everything I would do. And he did It in in the milliseconds. Yeah, but now it took me like 10 minutes. So now imagine you. Okay, so what, what's the best way to look at it? Looking at it. Nike's Nike. Nike has their swoosh logo. Nike also has their Just do it tagline. Why the tagline. Why, why do they have to have a tagline? Why, why can't their logo do everything and the name Nike? Why the tagline? Well, the tagline is going to give you like this a different perspective on what Nike's about.


So in this case, this AI is your tagline. Got you. You're still, you, you still are going to represent your truths and how you go out and report that truth. You just now are doing it at the speed of light with something that you could banter with. And more importantly, If, you then go engage on social media One day you're gonna have your Lauren ai, whatever you want to call it, it's gonna be synonymous with you. Like Nike's logo synonymous with Nike. Like their tagline synonymous with Nike. You're gonna have your thing. That's a great analogy. And so from that perspective, If, you wanted to engage online, you only could engage with maybe five people in 10 minutes span time. In this case, your AI agent can talk to a million people at once.


Summarize all of its engagements and then have one conversation with you All. We got more with Will. I am When we come back, it's The, Breakfast, Club. Good morning. Good morning everybody. It's DJ Envy. Jess. Hilarious. Charlemagne the guy. We are The. Breakfast. Club. Lauren LaRosa, filling in for Jess. Hilarious. We're still kicking it with Will. I am Now you're talking to your AI person. Does your AI person have feelings? 'cause you're saying, sorry, I apologize for cutting you off. So does it have feelings If you didn't apologize? Would it talk back to you? Rude? Oh no, that's just how I was raised. Oh, okay. Alright. No, I I West coast. Yeah, I was just, I'm just raised that way. Like he was like, I'm sorry For cutting you off right now, but You know we can get back to banter later. I apologize. And it is like, okay fam, it's okay for cutting me off.


It's just weird that it's na I Yeah and that's just, that's just the conversational piece. The, the radio piece. I'll show you this one station that we have. Start over Radio. It Is so exciting. Good morning, will I am you are tuned into FYI Radio where we put the AI in radio Dope. It's a fantastic Tuesday morning here in Atlanta. And I. Hope you're enjoying the I'm in New York. I I'll be in Atlanta in a two in in a couple days.


Hey there will I am. I see you're planning to travel to Atlanta in a couple of days. What a perfect time to arrive just in time for Invest Fest Week. It's going be action packed with all sorts of financial insights and business discussions. Wow. Let's get you in the mood with some great music. Enjoy this tune from Arista Commerce. Stay tuned and have a fantastic trip to Atlanta. How do You know you're gonna invest that because you're on the bill? I think it's just telling you current things that are in the area, right? That are like similar to your interest. So this is a earn your leisure station. Okay. Okay. So we took everything that earn your Leisure does collaborating with the guys, aimed it all at a station.


So now this station is reporting Earn your leisure POV. Got you. So I could ask questions about investing. I could ask questions about everything that's reporting to really like knowledge up on finance and dig deeper in all the things that are important to earn your leisure or in this case for all cases, any station by any creator or curator of that station. And so what we did with radio FYI, is that we simulated how it goes from information talk bad under it asks you a question like, Hey, why don't you hit that mic button to engage down so people can hear You also to copyright. Right. Right. Copyright. I don't matter.


Okay, so you're talking, it talks over music as it's giving you the information. It says, Hey, why don't you hit that center mic button, If, you have any questions on what we're reporting or If you have, if you're confused about what we're reporting or If, you want to go deeper and banter and what we're reporting. And then after, after that discussion be like, okay, we're gonna, we're gonna go to a song. Here's such and such by such and such. And then after that it'll come back and then tell you more segments on, on You know hot topics, current events or market, how the market's behaving, how investments are blockchain, Bitcoin, whatever it is that, that the subject is or the, or the broadcast is. You could go deeper and deeper, wider and wider, broader and broader on that, on that feed.


How do you feel about, 'cause it seems like you're really into like making this like factual, accurate, so it doesn't scare people. When you see all of the fake AI videos like the one right now, like Trump and Kamala walking on the beach and like just some of the misinformation. How do you feel about that and how do people protect themselves? Like people that wanna invest in this, like how do they protect what they're investing and so it doesn't end up like that. Okay, so what I see, like text to image that's Photoshop on steroids in early two thousands. I could take a picture of of anybody, put it in Photoshop and take hours editing the picture to do whatever you want it to do with it. Like that has always existed since computers, since paintings. Like a mother could paint anything on a canvas and use your imagination to do that photography.


You could If you were real slick with the photography. You could do some type of manipulation on on that. It's art and expressive and it's to the viewer to decide, well is that real or not? And because we have, we live in a world where misinformation is now entertainment and then what turns into entertainment gets distorted as truth because people have like objectives that arti arti motives to deceive people or confuse people. You, we as the the viewer and the listener, we have to just be a little bit more You know, cautious of like, is this fake or is this real? Like we need to put it in our society as just people in, in this digital society where it's indistinguishable from the, the information that we get in what's real and what's fake.


We need to take more caution. It's like when you walk in down New York, you gotta look left or right When you go to London, you gotta look right or left. Like when you crossing the street, you gotta be mindful. You ain't just out there. Like so when you're crossing these digital streets, you gotta be mindful. But See, but that app that does everything right? So like even if you're in sales and you have to write a 32nd spot for, let's say you wearing Gucci a 32nd spot for a Gucci shirt, that's a new line. You could put it in there. That 32nd slot will come right out. So you don't necessarily, it'll help the sales department as well. Oh no. And by, by this time next year it will be the sale you'll be able to purchase through it. Mm. You have a con now that, now that host is now your sales agent and you could transact, it'll have GPS turn by turn GPS or If you in a car, If you walking on a bike, you have your radio station.


And that station not only telling you the traffic is also giving you like a better route. Wow. It also like You know I wanna purchase this. And when you get to the place, you just pick it up. If, you can't pick it up. It could also connect to like a, a, some other type of agent or a person to go out and pick it up for you. Like, I wanna take radio and do what radio would never been able to do. And that is for transactions, real time information assistance and guidance. But more importantly, take a DJ or a host and super supersized supercharged every time you come here man, I feel like I'm not using my brain enough. Yeah, can they can, I mean every single Time that, like how do, how do we Get, oh, so fyi, you go to fyi.ai radio is out. Our personas are there.


We're gonna build, we built a, a persona for, for the Earn Your Leisure team. We're one of the first folks to get their own voice for their station. We want to, we would love to do like a, a breakfast club station would love to, we have a meeting with time now. Like hopefully this meeting goes well. Just putting it out there in the universe. That's so dope man. Does it know like your personal opinions and stuff like, so like in like a Drake Kendrick, like can you make it say things and due to like the host doesn't have to be the person that like, oh this opinion is coming from this person. It's like, no, it was my ai co-host. Like is that a thing too? If we built a persona for Lauren, you could make your persona however creative you could have, have it have a stance.


We just don't support, I don't wanna make like hateful agents. I don't want to like distorted like who wanted The beef. This one wanted, I Want I Do that. Yeah. Because You know they, the host gotta get into stuff sometimes and sometimes people don't want to. So I'm thinking like people will lean on a bot so that you don't have to be the person that is the face of what was said. Yeah, it wouldn't do that. There's a thin line that I don't wanna cross. Like yes, you can do that. We, we are at a place you could do, you could have it do whatever you wanted to do, but we don't want to go go that. We wanna cross that line. You don't need no ai shock jocks. Right? You never You know You know how the people gonna get with stuff guys. Okay. Yes. Well I am, we Appreciate you for joining the problem. You Would not be a billionaire without us. If there's a way, if there's a way like seriously, like there's a way to like rock with you Charlemagne And.


I'd love to, I'm gonna talk to you about that off there as what I'm is The Breakfast. Club. Good morning. Thank you. Thank you. Now let's get to just with the mess with Lauren LaRosa. Your music is real Lau just Moore just don't do no line. Don't do she don't spare nobody. Worldwide. Worldwide match on The. Breakfast Club. She's a coaching. Lauren, Lauren, la back. And, I got the mess. Talk, talk to me. So Beyonc has a new endeavor. It is a whiskey. It's called Sir Davis Whiskey. Now this, I mean Beyonc is Beyonc, right?


She's a amazing business woman. She drops stuff all the time. But I think this is so exciting because number one it's a whiskey. I I it kind of threw me off that she was so into whiskey. But according to all of the reports, it is like one of her favorite things according to like her palate and all her tasting that she loves. Right? But it's named after her grandfather, sir Davis and You know her son's name is sir as well. And it's gonna be a part of like, it's, it, it's in partnership with Moat Hennessy. LVMH, You know Jay-Z has a spades with L vm, LVMH and there are reports that Beyonc has already done everything she needed to do as far as like submitting it to different tastings and things of that nature. So that if anybody said like, look this is just another celebrity throwing their name on a product and putting it out there for us to do what we needed to do and go and buy it.


She can combat that already. Like she was so smart for that as well. And even just the way that the bottle was shaped. It's kind of like, almost like a collector's item. It's priced at $89 retail. It's on presale now, but you can get it September 4th I believe. Yes. September 4th. It's, that's Her birthday. ISN did it? Yes. Is It her birthday? Okay. You supposed to know these things. Just her Birthday. I just, I just got into the beehive. Yeah. Yeah. I just got there Because mine is the third, so Many bus is the fourth. Yeah. But it's just fire though. I feel like with Beyonc, like it's always lit watching her like expand her portfolio of things and watching how she goes about it. Like to know kind of what the criticisms would be already and be like if she drink whiskey, No problem with it. That's her, that's her thing. That's what she drinks and she, she should know what You know what she likes in a whiskey For some reason.


I don't know why. I imagine Beyonc is just like a champagne drinker. Like only, I don't know why But you Don't know her. We don't know her. But you can you have you envision things about your favorite celebrities in your head? Like I just envision her always drinking like a nice champagne on the back of a yacht being Beyonc, hair flowing in the wind. What you got to say? I Guess I'm just old. I'm 46. I don't have those visions of celebrities no more. But I'm glad that you do Lauren Good. And you just kill all the optimism in the room. You just, like you came in with your cape is like avenger, dark ninja, like relax. Well I mean I also, when this, when this dropped, one of the things that I thought about too was I remember I was watching Meg de Stallion sit down with Shannon Sharp and she was talking about how like Meg promotes alcohol so much that she should get into the business.


Let's take a listen. We have that Beyonc is the person who actually inspired me to get my own tequila. Wow. Because I used to, I used to be the cognac queen. I'm still the cognac queen. Yeah. But as much as I used to You know, enjoy cognac, And I promoted a lot of people like liquor brands. She was like, the next time I see you need to have your own right. You need to have your own alcoholic, alcoholic Beverage. Right. And I was like You know what? You right Queen. I am gonna have my own shit. So now I have my own tequila. Right. It's called Chica Tita. And it's gonna be so cute. I've been serving it throughout my tour. Right. And everybody's been loving it. That is true. But that's also a way of saying, damn you must drink a lot. Hey listen, you drink a lot. That's, that's really, that's get your own liquor. You need to get your own liquor 'cause you drink a lot.


But There's a lot, there's a lot of things that that's mixed with whiskey too. Like old fashioned and things like that. Yeah. So maybe that's what she drinks. She might not drink whiskey straight but she might drink an old fashioned Nah for sure. I just thought it was fire. And I Maya Envision in my dreams of Beyonc. No Congratulations to be Yeah, For sure. SL to Beyonc. SLU to Megan. Megan got her own cognac too. No, I believe it. She don't have it yet. That's what She said. Tequila. But I don't know. It Said tequila. Yeah, it's said tequila. She's there. She's been like tasting. I know she was walking around with it during her tour and stuff like that. Somebody just, just be starting. Yeah. Just be Launching. Yeah, for sure. Now Russell Simmons, he had had to come out and take up for his friends that come and see him out there in Bali. Let's take a listen. Black people. Did you forget that I got 10,000 black men outta jail and that I changed the factory farming industry forever and that I registered more of you to vote than probably anybody.


You know And I worked for Black Lives Matter and every movement that's helped our people, all the women's rights and even gay rights movements that I did so much work for to let them demonize me in such a way that my friends cannot visit me without you attacking them. But yet you stand next to Donald Trump. Knock it off. I'll be in New York next week. This idea that I'm hiding is stupid. I'm your friend black people and I've been my whole life a supporter of all the initiatives that lift you up. I love you. I just don't want my friends attacked. Lauren, answer me a question. What? Who is he talking to? He made a video and posted online. So he is talking to whoever is his audience online and to black people.


Well the recent people that popped up with him was what? Usher, Taraji Usher, Taraji, Lisa, Lisa Ray mc, light. Like there's been a bunch of different people that have gone to Bali to visit him and every single time someone pops up there, it's this whole thing of like you got, he's an outcast now. Y'all should leave him as that. While you seen with him. Who, Who said who said he's an outcast though. Like what if these people actually know him and they don't believe the stories? Don't they have that right? Well, not only that, remember one time they said he was there because he was hiding and he couldn't get arrested. But he comes here all the time. That's always been the story that he went there because it was like his way to get away from everything that was happening. And that's why he said that in the video. Like, I'm not hiding. I'll be New York next week. Yeah, I didn't like what?


Hey, hey.


Gather round. I got the lowdown on the hottest show in town based on some shh that really happened. It's called Fight Night, the Million Dollar Heist baby. It's about a job hustler who tangles with some stone Cold Brothers and pays the price you dig. Starring Kevin Hart, Taraji p Henson, Terence Howard with Don Cheadle and Samuel L. Jackson. Catch Fight Night. The million dollar heist streaming September 5th on Peacock. Right on.


Now back to the Funk. Hybrid Nation season is over and it's time to get some sun outside. Gather your crew and hit the road in the spacious 2024 Nissan Pathfinder your getaway to larger than life adventures with spacious seating for eight and available panoramic moonroof. Everyone can enjoy the journey and soaky in the scenery of the great Outdoors. Plus with an available towing capacity of up to 6,000 pounds. And an available intelligent four-wheel drive feature with seven drive modes. You can take your favorite toys while victory on new terrains. Seize the thrill and start sw with the 2024 Nissan Pathfinder today. Head over to Nissan usa.com to learn more intelligent All-wheel drive cannot prevent collisions or provide enhanced traction in all conditions. Always monitor traffic and weather conditions. Towing capacity varies by configuration. See Nissan towing guide and Owner's manual for additional information. Always secure cargo.


He said that though. Why? Why you felt like it was like meet me outside. Yeah, He might pop up and all of a sudden bum. Here you go. You in handcuffs. Nah. No he comes, he comes here pretty Much all the time. I know that, but I'm just saying sometimes that's how, that's tell me that's not The World that we in now. Yes, absolutely. You know what I'm saying? Absolutely. See the video and all of a sudden next week he in New York and he arrested. He'd be like, why? They just 'cause they heard the video and they prepared Something. That's what I'm saying man, the universe be trying you sometimes. But is it fair? 'cause at this point he has never been convicted of anything. Never Been charged. Exactly. Yeah. Yeah. So is it fair that criminally celebrities get the backlash that they do for going to hang, like hanging out with a friend and even if he was charged Fact ask from who though? Like social media? Yes. Yes.


Oh what? Like it goes insane. Okay. I mean thing especially, we just have to stop caring thing. It's to the point where like there was, I forget who, but one person I remember went out there and they had to get online and be like, that's my friend. I can go see them if I want to. And They're absolutely right. And like that's, that's what I mean. Like whenever there's these allegations, there's some people who believe the allegations, right? And there's people that actually know these folks who, who don't. And they have the right to not believe them. And if they still wanna be friends with the person, they can be still, still be friends with the person who are you to tell them that you can't be friends with that person and what that person is outcasted like come on. I say this all the time. I still think that we are, we are too concerned with social media what social media says and what people care about. If that's your friend, that's your friend. You ain't gotta prove nothing to nobody. Yeah Russell, you need some stronger yoga If, you care.


Right? Right. He was doing something he was like doing, he was, that was yoga. He was doing something like that. He always doing yoga. He wasn't channeling the right way. Maybe though. Yeah, you Need to put your leg in a different position or something because there's no way that you sitting around looking at social media and watching You know people on social media talk about people that are visiting you and you care that much to get online and respond. Rich is Telling volume. Alright, Well that is just with the mess with Lauren Osa, char man who you giving that down too man for after the hour we are going to talk about why. Why what the middle class needs rebuild. What kinda world do we live in when a person can't get You know all you can eat at Applebee's. We going to discuss. Okay. Hey guess what?


Nevermind. Alright, I'm disrespectful. All right, well what I didn't say a raise but we'll talk about it. Next is The. Breakfast. Club. Good morning. You are chicken out. The Breakfast Club. Your execution on the donkey of the day is something to behold. Is it a need they gave me Donkey of the Day. And. I deserve. The people need to know. Well you need to tell them I am that you have the voice. Tell them. Tell tell. It's time for Donkey of the Day. It's a read, but you're so good at it. You trying to be a fake ass Charlamagne. We only won Charlamagne above damn Charlamagne. Who you giving Dusty other day too? Now? Well sexy Red Donkey today for Wednesday, August 21st goes to a 28-year-old woman named Shaha Cobbs.


Shaha Hale's from Portage, Indiana. Never heard of the place but dropping a clue bomb from Portage Indiana. And like most Americans, she's always looking for a way to save a dollar or two. Always looking for a discount. And. I, don't blame her because times is hard out here. Okay, If, you are blessed to have some food on the table and a roof over your head. You are winning. Don't let nobody tell you different drop on a cruise bombs for everybody who got food on their table and a roof over their head. That is a blessing. I know things get hard sometimes and we all just trying to figure it out, doing our best. But trust me when I tell you that success is subjective and If, you got food on on the table and a roof over your head and you are happy, then you are winning. Simple as that. Well, Isha Cobbs was trying to win.


Okay? She was trying to be happy. See Isha Cobbs was trying to do what all Americans out here doing and that's feeding their families. Okay? Isha was sitting at home minding her business and she got a download by download. I mean she was probably watching TV one and saw a commercial for one of The world's largest casual dining brands. Applebee's drop one, the cruises bombs for Applebee's. Never ever will I front on Applebee's, okay? On the come up of this thing called life. I have had some amazing times in Applebee's. Salute the Applebee's on Rivers Avenue in North Charleston, South Carolina, right across from Norwood's Mall, Luther Applebee's in Monk's Corner, South Carolina, right O right over there on EA Dennis Boulevard. Those mozzarella sticks, those bowl buffalo wings, that chicken Caad day with some fries.


What you talking about? Okay, I got nothing but love for Applebee's and so does s Shaa. She went there with two other adults and several juveniles, okay? A bunch of hungry ass little kids. And she tried to game the system. She tried to take advantage of Applebee's. All you can eat, okay? All you can eat. 1599 special. You heard about it, huh? Now I thought it was 14.9, but it must have went up a little bit. Price and participation always do vary. But yes, since earlier this year for a limited time, guests can enjoy an unlimited feast of all. You can eat boneless wings, ribblets and double crunched shrimp for 1499 when you dine in the restaurant. Okay? Dine in, only no orders to go. Well Shisha came in to dine with her clan.


Remember what I said? Two other adults and several juveniles and she ordered one all you can eat special. Okay? One order of all. You can eat boneless wings, all you can eat, rbl, all you can eat, double crunch shrimp, all you can eat fries and endless, endless amounts of water. I'm sure now nothing else. What you mean? Nothing else. Don't act like you don't know how to bust down. Go. There's seven of them though. You know how to bus down. Go. Go ahead. That's why we're here today, ladies and gentlemen, because of the bus down, okay? Life was all good until the bill came. When the bill came, apple, an Applebee's manager informed the group that each person would've to pay for one serving of the deal. You know Shanice and company wasn't going for that because they had several juveniles.


Several usually means seven. And then it was two adults including Isha. So that bill at 1599 a pop was at minimum $159 and some change. Now I know some of y'all out there just rich and got money to blow, but $159 in a restaurant is a luxury, a privilege that so many of us take for granted. If it's not, then how come Isha was in there trying to bust down the system? Okay, she was trying to game the system. Police were eventually called to the scene and dispatchers were warned ahead of time. They expect multiple females screaming and threatening people. Seesa didn't feel like she should have to pay no more than $16 because it was an all you can eat special. And they argued that the menu did not specify that the deal didn't cover the table.


Well, that defense did not work, okay? Because the two words and those two words are per person, all right? I mean directly beneath the all you can eat heading was the words per person in bold lettuce. Nothing left to see here folks. Now, Shahana clearly embarrassed. She was clearly embarrassed. So she stopped arguing with the police for a second just to argue with another couple who was probably staring at her You know chastising, probably laughing recording, told her sit her po ass down somewhere. Okay? So she needs to started arguing with the couple police, tried to calm her down and when she wouldn't, they locked her ass up, arrested her for disorderly conduct. All because she was trying to do what all Americans want to do.


And that's eat and eat good. Let me tell you something, man. If I was governor of Indiana, I would pardon Shanea. Alright? There should definitely be consequences. There are actions, but jail time is a bit excessive. See, here's the thing I told y'all earlier, going out to eat is a luxury a lot of people can't afford nowadays. But going out is also something that brings people joy. Imagine having a bunch of kids who are hungry and they all saying they wanna go to Applebee's. And all you wanna do as a parent is make that happen for them. So it's a combination of hunger and making your kids happy. Think about how happy you were as a child when your parents have some extra money to take you somewhere. Those red times when they told you they don't got it at the house, right? Okay, mom, I want McDonald's. We got McDonald's at the house. One of the greatest lies ever told.


Okay? Right up there with white Jesus and Santa Claus. Well, there is McDonald's at the house. Never in the history of life has someone had the golden arches at the house, okay? So to be able to take your kids out, order a meal from a restaurant, that's a blessing. And Shan wanted to provide that experience for her kids. So I would've gave her a community service or something, make her work at Applebee's and then let her take the free food home to the kids. On another note. This is the reason that at the DNC, the vp Kamala Harris has to talk about the issues during her speech. The Obamas were last night, they preached their message of hope. I get it, but hope is the bare minimum. I understand why it's important to have hope. Hope is like when you first see the all you can eat commercial for Applebee's. Okay? Shisha had hope.


All right? Once she saw that commercial hope, okay? That was like a glimpse of light in the darkness. She saw an opportunity to bring joy to people she loved and hope is great. Okay? You know hope is great. They've been trying to get us, they trying to feed us hope and fear. They've been trying to get us to vote out fear in regards to Trump. I mean, they're always trying to get us to vote out fear. But not being able to feed your kids, not being able to make your kids happy is scary and in Trump. But now that we have given people the fear, we've given them hope. It's time for Vice President Harris to bring it home by talking about actual issues. The number one issue is the economy. The message she's pushing about rebuilding the middle class. It starts with all you can eat. Mozzarella sticks. Okay? I'm serious. After you pay your bills, after you pay your rent, your childcare, after you pay for your life, do you have anything left over for a little bit of joy?


That's what these politicians don't understand. Folks need a couple dollars for joy. That is part of rebuilding the middle class. What type of world do we live in? When a person can't enjoy the double crunch shrimp at Applebee's just because they want to. So don't even know what SSA did is stupid. I understand the circumstances that got her there, but some donkey of the days just sell themselves. Please give s shisha Cobbs the sweet sounds and the Hamiltons Oh donkey. We're not gonna play game wobble. Wob, fat dog wobble, wobble. You feel Grisled got heavy heehaw?


You feel some gristle Got heavy wobble. Wobble got heavy little G gristle on the bone. Turn that up a little bit here. Big Mac. What's up Mac? Yeah, I just wanted the president of the Fat Lives Matter committee. Yeah, of course. I just wanted to add to, first off, you spoke that eloquently. Okay, And I just wanted to add people. We should probably watch the wording it. If it's all you can eat, then it should be that not all you can eat here. You have to say that because there's plenty of times where I try to all I can eat and they judge me for the amount. 'cause I hear that and it's a personal challenge to me. But you have to be specific and say all you can eat here, okay?


At Applebee's at Olive Garden. Okay? Because If, you don't, I'm gonna think I can all, I can eat anywhere. Don't you think she was wrong though, to try to buy one All you can eat order for nine, 10 people? No. No, I do not. You know. Dang. Well you ain't buying just one. First off, I count as two people. So technically four Four, I'm allowed to four, three and a half. Three And Impossible Three And Impossible Three and impossible is crazy. The spades game is crazy You Know what I mean? So technically you can't judge me for what I do with my food because I've technically counted as three and a half. Oh yeah, buffet hate to see you coming. All you can eat special. Hate to see Big Mac coming, you'll shut down the restaurant. Oh my God. Like stone quote Steve Austin, you hear that glass breaking?


Yeah. When they say for a limited time only, that's what they mean. Tell people like Mac start walking in, they give them A tire. Like how they put the chalk on your tire when you park, you walk in, they mark 'em, man And too many 300 plus pounders coming in. That's when the limited time stops. Y Y'all don't wanna play a game. No, I don't wanna play a game. Okay, why do you wanna play a game? I'm just curious. No, you're not curious. All right. You know exactly. You know exactly what racist person is. I'm not even mad at sis though because the older I get the the more oh sis, the more you Say she black. How You know she black. I don't care what color she is. I understand. The older I get, the more I feel. You got food at home. It's expensive. It is expensive. And she got it. It's multiple people with her. She probably got kids with her. They want to eat everything. They wanna, no, But it's the joy of going out.


That's what I mean when I say like You know. People just want need a little bit of extra money for joy. You just wanna be able to go out to a restaurant and enjoy a little quick a hundred dollars, $200 meal with your family. Envy. You still stuck on what race she is? No. Okay. No, but I mean she tried to get over on the system. I mean, she knew what she was doing. Listen, they obviously Out of, out of, I think she one of us and they owe us Out of need. All right, Well thank you for that donkey. At day. Now when we come back, let's open up the phone lines (800) 585-1051. Earlier this morning, Lauren LaRosa reported that J-Lo and Ben Affleck Early this morning. Lauren said divorced, said JLo can't keep a man. And then she said, said don't A man that she had a roster.


That's how the men in the room heard it. What I, what I said earlier was, JLo You know about 20 people. What I That's we're Talking about one divorce. That's exactly why we Hey, You go all you can Eat special. This topic. Go ahead. Oh, you just said that JLo is, say that again? No, what'd you say now? No, you Said she had a roster And then he basically said her dating life is all you can eat special. No, I said we came here for one thing. 'cause we was talking about one divorce, but you bought 20 people Because of the conversation surrounding it. Because The World, every time J-Lo has a little incident in any of her relationship does exactly what you guys did When I, what did we do? Started talking about the story. You guys lean so much into who she used to date and how she used to date. Because I named wow the people that she used days.


I Like If. you gaslight More said like it. I just said they didn't look happy. Why is it that a woman who you learn more, maybe j may understand her worth and she gets outta situation before she's committed the wrong way. How You flip this? I Why is a woman, why is a woman a, can I say that word on it? On air? I don't know what I can say Hoe. Yeah, You can say, why is JLo a hoe? Because knows Her worth. I don't think she's a whole, You think she, you the one that brought up Johnny, Chris, Judd, Aro, Ronnie, Bobby Rickey and Mike. You brought them names up. I didn't even know who Johnny or Chris Judd was. I had to say, who's Chris Judd? I had no clue. It's relevant to the conversation because people, people always will say it's her fault. All of her relationships are wow, her Fault at all. Let's open up the phone lines 800. Y'all do 5 1 0 5 1. Seems like Lauren Osa feels like J-Lo is a, I feel like J-Lo is a woman who knows her worth.


But I think that's how I feel. You guys, y'all y y'all say it's her fault and y'all say she's a a hoe because y'all did. She chooses to exit stage left when things are not correct. See how she Did that? This reverse gaslighting. See how she Doing? I like this. This. See how she did that? I like this. Well, 805 5 1 0 5 1. Let's open over there. Let's talk about J-Lo You know Lauren la You know named her roster earlier. Let's, what do you think about it? Right? That is the question, right? What's the question? I don't Know. We wanna know what we think, what people think about her roster. No, but that's what you think. Oh, no. I wanna know why Is it when a woman has had it publicly, has had multiple different relationships or managers or whatever? Why does she instantly become the issue or a Hoe?


I don't think that, I Don't think she is either. I don't know why you're projecting Y this now y'all, I wish she'd called y'all. I think JLo, just because Y'all backing up. I can we redo? Can we play the audio of them earlier? I think JLo just loves love. Yes. Let's play the audio from earlier. I think she just Loves love. Now you're empathetic to her love and love. She's dated these men. She, we have Go show. Let's let the people of the of the You know the listeners tune in and, and see what they have to say about this. Why Is Lauren calling JLo a ho this morning? I think She's triggered. It's The. Breakfast Club. Good morning. Oh, I'm gonna ho Now pull out, pull out your phone. Call in right now. Call me. Add your opinion to The Breakfast Club topic. Break it down. 805 8 5 1 0 5 1. The Breakfast Club.


If y'all talking about it, You know we talking about it. It's topic time. Call 805 8 5 1 0 5 1 to join into the discussion with The Breakfast Club. Morning everybody. It's DJ Envy. Jess. Hilarious. Charlamagne the guy. We are The Breakfast. Club Build a wall around Delaware Feeling A around men who do mansplaining For Jess. Hilarious. Go ahead. Envy. I'm sorry. Go ahead. Now. If, you just joined us. We were talking about J-Lo You know recently, well not recently. Yesterday, JLo filed for divorce right From Ben Affleck. And we had a question out there earlier. You started naming some of the people that she was with. Yes. Lauren LaRosa, who was filling in for just hilarious while she's on maternity leave. Lauren just started naming JLo's whole roster.


I thought we were just here to talk about one divorce from Ben Affleck and JLo. But then Lauren just started naming. Who'd you say? You said Johnny. You Johnny. That was The first husband. Oh, Johnny Remember? Okay. Old Johnny, Chris Jud. Chris Jud, aro, Arod, Ronnie, Bobby, Ricky, Mike, mark, Anthony, Rizza, gza, yo meth man, old dirty bass. Y'all on her list. Don't do that. Get what you did. You done started naming People. Don't do that. And but there was a point, there was a method to my madness. Okay. There was a reason why I did that. Because when the story first broke everywhere, even in a lot of the, the actual reports of it, it, it solely focused on, well, what could they, what could what, what could J-Lo have done to save this marriage?


What did she do wrong? And I'm like, dang, That's alpha though. But why is it always, why is, why do people always Is she the boss? Ally? Call her the problem. I don't think that I don I don't think that they was calling her the problem by saying she's the alpha. 'cause they're like, what could J-Lo have done to solve this marriage? 'cause clearly if she filed for divorce, they look at her like a boss who's in and outta these relationships when she wants to be. Now do I think It's And, I love that And, I, And I think that's how it should be looked at. But that is not how it interpreted. But it's also fair to ask if she might be the problem because You know she is the one common denominator in all these situations. Yeah. But then when you go through, so what got me to thinking? You Say she running through? No, see, here you go. What you gonna say? I said when you go through the list. Oh, because that's what got me to the point of bringing up the names because I wanted to have this conversation.


You begin to read about the different things that she experienced with each guy and a lot of that stuff I would've left too. Well, well see. Well, the thing is, we don't know the ins and outs of their relationship. Right. All we all we know is the rumors. Right? Excuse Me, I didn't even say nothing. Why are you, what did, why All we know is the rumors, right? So we heard cheating with Arod, allegedly we heard cheating with Diddy. Allegedly. We've heard so many different other things. And if that's the case, yeah. She deserves, she deserves to leave. If she wanted to You know, I don't have a problem with that. But when people call her a hoe from going through that, I don't think that's right because call Situation who, why did y'all instantly jump to, oh my God, you're naming like, I couldn't even get it out my mouth. I was trying to get to a, as like a a a conversation with Substance, Honestly. And you guys are too married it Men a little. I'm be honest with you, it felt a little shady because no shade.


I'm gonna tell you I felt a little shady because You know when you haven't been married once you kind of look at people who constantly get married and you're a little jealous You. know what I'm saying? And so for me trying To say, Lauren's The little jealous. No, I ain't say nothing about Lauren. Let him cook. Let him cook. Let him cook. Let him cook. Go ahead. Go ahead. So, so when we were just talking about this one divorce and you started naming all these other dudes that she been with, I didn't see the point. For me, I think the point was as a woman who was watching J-Lo, who is a very powerful woman, who is obviously the alpha in a lot of her relationships, navigate dating Big empanada, not the little one. Right? Navigate dating publicly and having to go through so much stuff publicly. I don't look at her like, oh my God, she's been on, in and outta all these relationships.


I looked at it like she's chosen to walk away publicly from a lot of different things. Why do, why does she instantly get turned into the problem? I wanna talk about that. So I wanted to talk about the different things that she's been through in these relationships and the different relationships she's experienced. Because a lot of these men, for a lot of women, they're the com. Like you're, you're staying there famous or not because you're married and also age plays a factor. Well, But it seems like J-Lo loves love. It seems like in all these relationships, she was with this person as far as we know for a long time. It wasn't like she was with him for a week or two. All these people she dated for a long time. She was engaged to she with Mark Anthony. She had kids with Mark Anthony. She dated Diddy for a long time. People don't throw That into the Conversation. She dated Jeff for a long time. So it seemed to me that she loves love. It just doesn't work. I think it's a fair public conversation to have.


Since people love discussing celebrity. I think it's a very fair, They love discussing her, they drag her. But I think it's a very public, very fair public conversation to have. If she could be the problem. Like there's nothing wrong with asking that. Like why do you just always all just, just blame the man and say, Hey, it must be the men. Let's Fumbling. I'm not blaming the man, but I feel like in this situation, it's literally always her. Like there's never for for sure every If you go, but the Men could have effed up that made her wanna leave. So it's not her Thing. That's what I'm saying. Okay. That's what I'm what happened when you the boss, when you the boss when when the good happens, you get the credit and when the bad happens, you get the blame. Well, let's Go to the phone lines. We got Dylan on the line. Dylan, good morning. Good Morning. NV How y'all doing? What's up Dylan? What's your thoughts, brother? Me personally, like I was telling the, the guy who answered the call at that, I feel like at that age and bouncing, like I said, I'm not, I'm not, I wanna say I'm not people in any way, shape or form.


But at that age and the fact that she is probably worth well over a hundred million dollars for all money. She's in a great position. She's a great looking woman. She's beautiful. But I don't think you can put this on a minute in any way she or perform. I think she might just be stuck in her ways and she's very disagreeable, so Damn You sound like Lauren. Damn. We don't even know the problem of the situation. That's right. That's why. And y'all keep trying To throw it on me Because we don't know the problem. You keep Trying to throw it on me. We don't Know what the issue that we're, we're putting all these bad labels on her disagreeable. She must be the problem. Like damn, she an Older woman and older You know how Older woman are. What? So me igniting the conversation in the room is not me agreeing on either side. I just have always wondered why does anytime people talk about her love life?


She gets exactly what he just, because It could be the dudes that's doing something to her and she's like, I'm not taking a Bs. We don't know. She, even when she talks, right? Like after her breakup with Arod, both of them. Arod was like, it didn't work out. We love each other. Our kids are in the middle. It's always like, okay, we just gonna move on as positive vibes. We don't know what is going on. For real, real, JLo is a boss. And once again, when you the boss, you get the credit when things are good and you get the blame when things are back. That's Right. So why is it that when you have conversations about like men, right? And their breakups. Like if we were to sit here, well that's not a good comparison right now. I was gonna say Diddy, but not right now. I don't wanna think you wanna talk about, but like for instance, like a 50 cent. Like 50 cent has publicly dated a lot of different women that you could name maybe not engaged in married to them. But when you talk about that, y'all don't be like, oh why you naming his roster?


It's like, oh he got a pretty good roster. 'cause I don't see JLo. It's like, oh. It's like, no, she had relationships. They didn't work. She moved on. We weren't naming JLo's roster. You And I think it's you Were, but I'm saying if I were to sit here and name 50 cents roster, y'all reaction would not be the not near This. Take this roster serious For one reason and one reason only. There was never no rings Put on. He was got married. Like, I think he was not engaged. I think it's dope like to be married four times. That says a lot about you to have four different men want to marry you and one man spend a block to marry you against Lauren You. know how hard it's You ain't been married once. Damn. You can't even find a guy. Damn. You don't even gotta do You I to get down Like nobody. You don't even got somebody that wants to say they your boo at you. He at you. Think about that. Hold on, hold on. Don't, don't do me too hard because, because I, He said you ain't even got a Boo.


You Better y'all. I'm not getting into my business this morning. All Same. Just look at it From a different perspective. This woman has been married four times. That's what I'm, y'all ain't been married once. Don't let him talk to you like that. I'm say y'all don't let him talk to You that You No, you always including me Y'all. You always Included me. Y'all looking at according To him, I'm raggedy. Wow. I don't need to make, no, I don't have that need to have no standards. Wow. Don't nobody wanna be with me. Wow. I ain't never gonna be married. I have never said any of these things. You got something you wanna talk about And you hate light get made. Never said any of these. Let's talk about it. 5 8 5 1 0 5 1. Let's talk about this. The. Breakfast Club. Good morning Man. It's topic time. Call 805 8 5 1 0 5 1 to join into the discussion with The Breakfast Club.


Ah, it's been very difficult to work here this morning. Morning everybody. We are The Breakfast. Club. Just as out. Lauren LaRosa is triggered. She's filling in for just this morning. It's Crazy. I am not, It's crazy. I'm not triggered. I just wanted to bring this conversation to light and you guys are, you're doing exactly what needs to be done so we can have it. I appreciate that. She was talking about J LO's filing for divorce. She named J LO's Roster. And. I. Think she might have even said something like being a hoe or something. I don't know. She ke You know what it is. She keeps trying to say what she wants to say through other people. So she's like, yo, people say JLo's a hoe. No, I don't think that's the case at all. I don't think J-Lo is a hoe. I don't know Why that's even a thing. I think JLo, I'm Totally a boss. Run it up. I'm totally here for all of it. I don't think that, so I don't need to say anything through anybody. Well, Let's go to the full line. Hello. Who's this?


Hi, it's Holly. Hey, what's your thoughts? If I'm not mistaken, Jennifer Anderson kind of got the same scrutiny for her being single and not having successful marriages at the same time. I kind of think that people should just mind the business got paid him, Jennifer, because at the end of the day, maybe, Who is that? She was Jennifer Anderson. Oh, that's the Lady after Sex in the City, Right? She was with No, that's Sarah Jessica Parker. That's Ben Ben No's from friend. She Was with Ben Affleck at first, right? She was, yeah, that's the one. They said that he left J Lo for her. Oh, that's the one that was on the HBO O show girls Jennifer Aniston. No, wait, Jennifer Innocent not wasn't with Ben Affleck. No, No. That is from friends. White people look like IY do this on purpose, but I'm confused white people on purpose because they do adults all the time.


I know exactly who Jennifer Fanon. But I would Act like I don't to the caller's point, what was your name again? Holly. Holly. Holly. To Holly's point, I feel the same way. And like I said, when it's a man, y'all, y'all mind y'all business, when it's a woman, it's like there's think pieces on what she's doing and who she's doing it with. Like Probably 'cause you don't and it's respectfully done. She's not just out here laying with anybody. She's marrying and engaging and being with these people for years at a time sometimes. Who's the man that's been married four or five times? I don't know. I'm, I'm genuinely y'all Don't even have the pressure to do that, to be honest with you. Because if a man does not get to that point with 10 women that he's dating, right, it's okay. But if a woman deals with 10 men publicly and they near one of them married her, now you gotta have a conversation about why she's a cat lady.


Like it's a whole Thing. I'm I'm gonna have a conversation about why that cat dry because If, you've been with 10 men and not one man wanna marry you. Something wrong. But If, but if a man, but if a man was with 10 women and ain't and, and and didn't get down on one knee for not narrow one of those women, there's nothing. Do you see where I'm going with this?


Hey. Hey. Gather round. I got the lowdown on the hottest show in town based on some shh that really happened. It's called Fight Night, the Million Dollar Hikes baby. It's about a job hustler who tangles with some stone Cold Brothers and pays the price you dig. Starring Kevin Hart, Taraji p Henson, Terrance Howard with Don Cheadle and Samuel L. Jackson. Catch Fight Night. The million dollar heist streaming September 5th on Peacock. Right on now back to the funk.


Hibernation season is over and it's time to get some sun outside. Gather your crew and hit the road in the spacious 2024 Nissan Pathfinder your gateway to larger than life adventures with spacious seating for eight and available panoramic moonroof. Everyone can enjoy the journey and soak in the scenery of the great Outdoors. Plus with an available towing capacity of up to 6,000 pounds. And an available intelligent four-wheel drive feature with seven drive modes. You can take your favorite toys while adventuring on new terrains, seize the thrill and start exploring with the 2024 Nissan Pathfinder today. Head over to Nissan usa.com to learn more Intelligent All-wheel drive cannot prevent collisions or provide enhanced traction in all conditions. Always monitor traffic and weather conditions. Towing capacity varies by configuration. See Nissan Towing Guide and Owner's manual for additional information. Always secure cargo.


I see what you trying to get. It makes No sense. Your reactions to things are very telling you. Just don't wanna lean into it and it's okay. Hello? Is this I brings y'all up. Y'all my bros. This is Kai. Kai. Good morning. What's your thoughts, Kai? So I don't, I definitely don't think she's a hoe. I think that when Can you Please say that to Lauren again please? Kai. Knowing what I meant. No, I don't I don't think she's a hoe. No, not at all. I think personally, when you deal either men or women and you have multiple relationships, if, and they're all bad or they're not going good, you gotta just start looking in the mirror what you can change or the type of people you're dating. Mm. You victim blaming a little bit. How Do You know she's a victim? She just said look in the mirror we just, we we already just discussed about two.


No, no, no. She's right. No queen didn't. Queen was that queen that just called was absolutely Right. No, no, but look in the mirror is fine. But then you said you victim blaming. So it's like how You know she's the victim. She could be the one like putting out the Hill. No, that that woman that just called is absolutely right. If things and that's the type, that's the type of person I am in all in my life. If things aren't working out the way I want them to work out, I don't blame other people. I look in the mirror, right? And, I think J-Lo might need to do the Same, but, but if people are doing things to her and she's saying, I'm not gonna stand for this. I'm not taking this and decides to back out. JLo's not the problem. It's the people that's in her life. That Is the problem. By the way, we don't know nothing about You know anything about free styling by the Would love if Yeah, we are. I but majority of The World is. 'cause she never really gets into the crust of like what actually went down.


But I would love for j Lo to like sit down today and have an honest conversation about like what it was for this Ben Affleck situation that kind of like made her be like, no, I'm good. She Ain't gonna speak to y'all. This is her Personal. She doesn't have to, but it would, I would love to hear only because I think that if she is doing this internal reflection or whatever, it'd be good for a lot of women to hear. 'cause I do think that there are some times where like it's hard to be like, oh, it might have been me. It's Me. Hi. I'm the problem. It's me. We know Charlemagne. Is That what JLo needed To do? We know we already, you don't have to tell us you was the problem we've been to. What's the moral of the story guys? The moral of the story is you better not More ain't even marry one. You, You better, you better not have a list of anything in a, in a room with two men.


Shout out to J-Lo. I'm with you J-Lo. I'm not one of these hating women who ain't never been married. If, you want to go get married for a fifth time? You gonna show him how was done, boo. He Ain't talking. He ain't talking about me. Go get married again. J-Lo I support my sis And I of her. Find very successful men. Go ahead. I'm, I'm with Do your thing. I'm With it. All Right. Well I'm with, I, I actually do want to see J Lo be Married. She's a city girl that's in the suburbs. I love that From her. How many times Kim been married? Kim K Child. Three. Four. Who knows? Three. She had the first dude, we don't know his name. Then we had Chris Humphreys, right? Yeah. And that was short. That Was short. But She married to Reggie Bush. No, I don't think she's married to Reggie Bush then Kanye. Okay, so Three. She's three. Alright. Yeah.


But you got, you, you still could throw in like all the dating and all that too. You Gotta match J LO's Fly Kim. All right. Show these people how it's done. Show these women who ain't never been with one person. Ain't never had one person. Get on they knee. Show 'em how it's done. Jesus. You all right? Show 'em how it's done. I'm fine. I could I listen. He I he ain't shooting shots over here. I'm Not talking about you. Anything You're talking about. It could have been happening. I we make very educated decisions over here. Tell to not be stuck anywhere. We shouldn't be stuck at Tell all that you said could have been happening. No. How she knows her worth and her values. Listen, I'm not listen, I'm with you. You're not trying what? I want All the y'all because He be Chuck with me the discount store every day I walk in here I'm okay. Discount. Okay, discount. It's like, all right. And let me salute to Ronnie.


Stu that works at Warner Brothers. Today is his birthday and Dr. Omar's birthday is today. Ron Stu SLU to Ron Stu salute to Dr. Omar. Happy boy Day Brothers Happy Birthday Dr. Omar. I'm sorry my blade, my braids are blind. Damn. Yeah, he would be upset about that. He Would so upset. That's right. I love that though. The lies that went around this room after this J-Lo conversation. I know you was in here talking about looking like Morris Chestnut. I said how y'all, I said how y'all feel knowing J-Lo been married four times. They ain't none of y'all been married once. One person said, well after this 'cause I be walking outta relationships then Lauren goes, one person wanted to bury me. And I told him don't do it. And then Sim goes, don't nobody want me. She was the only honest person. But then Charlemagne said he was gonna call your ex that you told him not to do 'cause he ain't believe you.


Yeah. Well What? Give him the Dumbo. What's, What's happening? X Gimme the number. I'm gonna call him just With the mess with law LaRosa Yo News is real. Jessica Robin Moore just don't do no lying. She don't nobody On The. Breakfast Club. She's a coach. Lauren. Lauren LaRosa Back. And. I got the Mess. Talk to me. Alright, so at the top of the show when we did front page news, we talked a little bit about the DNC but still trending and we're almost at the end of the show is the performances from the DNC.


So I did wanna touch on that a little bit. So you guys know that Little John performed? Yes. Common performed. I didn't see Common. Did You know he performed? I did not. That's crazy. And it was his hometown of Chicago. I didn't know. And Patti LaBelle performed. So let's take a listen to first. Patti LaBelle. Patti LaBelle's performance. Alright, miss Pat, right. Timeless. Timeless. I'll swing on you for Patti LaBelle.


You hear me? Miss Pat Sounds so amazing. I'll swing on you. You are Short. We didn't gonna reach right? Nothing connect. All Right, I'll go eat jail food for Patti LaBelle. Drop one a clues bomb for Patti LaBelle because I know once I come out from eating that jail food, she gonna have a nice meal cook for me. Hello. Love you Miss Patti LaBelle. Yeah, that was you or my friend and she was during the immemorial segment when they paid tribute to all of the Patriots and different leaders that we've lost over the time. She also called out Kamala on stage, not brought her out, but just like You know called her name out on stage. But then Little John performed as well. He brought the turnip. I feel like when you hear that song, you can not get like, turned up And I. Think maybe that's why they booked up. 'cause people were trying to figure out why Littlejohn of all performers Came out. Georgia. Georgia did for Little Georgia section.


But there are other people that you could've called out. You mentioned Ludicrous earlier. There were conversations of different names or whatever, but I thought he was perfect. He's like the middle. He's the king of crunk first of all. First of all, I always say Little John does not get the respect that he deserves in any way, shape, or form. Okay. Crunk is one of my favorite eras of music ever. Oh, he did something when created whole era and you went from Crunk, then you went to Snap. Then before that he was a du like a and arb. Come on. Little John is a legend icon. And he, he did win to the wall. Yes. And what, so now we, we mentioned this earlier. Shout out to my grandma Morgan with the front page news. We mentioned this earlier when it was announced that Kamala brought Tim Walls onto her campaign ticket as the vp Black X was like to the window, to the walls. Somebody on Kamala's team.


They they, they saw it. They knew what the people were. We, we, we made that happen as a people from X. First of all, I believe Tim Wallace has done some good things in Minnesota as a governor. He clearly cares about people. He's a solid VP pick. But he has not done enough to have us remix. One of our greatest Negro spirituals. Get low. Why do y'all fall in love with these politicians so fast? Especially the white ones. He's not your coach. He's not your dad. He's not your uncle. And he does not deserve to have a custom made version of Get Low. Are y'all serious Walls? He ain't coming to your cookout. From what I hear. I don't, I don't want him there. No. And you shouldn't want him there either. I want him in the and put creating policy and legislation. Why does he have a custom made version to get low? Tell me what this man has done to get a custom made version to get low.


Y'all fall in love with these white politicians so fast and that's y'all damn problem. Build the wall. Build the wall. Build the damn wall. Build it. Now you so Negro don't deserve nice things, y'all. Y'all just don't, you're not gonna play nothing. It that's all it boiled down To. You're not gonna play nothing from Common. He's from Chicago. They was in Chicago. You're not gonna play. You didn't even know he performed. I Didn't. That's why I, But we do have, we do have common Common also performs at the D nnc and yes, he is from Chicago. This was his hometown. Okay. Yes. And And, I like the fact that this is still trending. 'cause I wanted to kind of wait to see where the trend would go and the conversation would go online. She's not getting backlash for having artists this time around. Nah, she shouldn't. I mean the, the convention is different though. The convention is like a, it's like a party. It's upbeat.


You're supposed to. Riley can't be, I Don't think be a upbeat, she got so much for having Megan style. It wasn't that 'cause Megan, it was 'cause of the twerking. People just felt like it was inappropriate because there was a bunch of older women there. It's just the optic to seeing all them older women in Georgia and made twerking. That's what that was Last night was of building for America's future. My my, i I just don't know why y'all letting this white man have a custom made version to get low. That's All you mad. Y'all running Around calling him coaching uncle and all kinds of stuff like y'all. Y'all, y'all, y'all are ridiculous. Y'all can be very ridiculous when y'all want to. Common shit did go though. Go, go, go. 'cause going forward we not going back. That's right. Yep. I see What you did there. I love by the way, I love the, we not going back by the way. It's easy to remember. It's digestible. Yes.


Alright, well thank you. That's Jess Smith. Jess with the Mess with Lauren LaRosa. All right, up next, keep in lock. We got the People's Choice mix and we got the million dollar mix. You could win some bread, so don't go anywhere as The, Breakfast, Club. Good morning. Morning everybody. It's DJ Envy. Jess a Charlamagne, the guy we are The Breakfast Club. Lauren la is filling in for Jess and we gotta salute. Will I info stopping through today? Man, make sure you check out will I AM's new AI driven Interactive radio experience. radio.fyi. I am going to play with that later on. I just, I just think it's very interesting, especially in this era of everybody having a podcast, everybody having a YouTube page. I think You know if it can provide accurate information and give you accurate information in the moment. I think it's a great thing because what drives me crazy is listening to people who you just have the wrong information.


I can't Stand it and it's so much technology now and that sometimes you don't know like what actually works well and what doesn't correct. But he a, he answered all of my questions. I had questions. I was like, how do You know this is gonna be the thing? He answered all of 'em. So it made me feel safe about it. So definitely for sure. Yeah. Yeah. Salute to Will. I am. All right, now when we come back, it's The, Breakfast, Club and somebody's picking up some money. Hopefully we'll see. It's The. Breakfast, Club. Good morning. Morning everybody. It's DJ Envy. Jess hilarious. Charlamagne the guy. We are The Breakfast Club. Lauren LaRosa's feeling the in for Jess. And we have Nicole on the line. Nicole, good morning. Good morning. How you feeling Nicole? Good, how are you? Good. Now you hit us up and you said you needed some money. What you need that money for? I need to pay my rent.


That's good enough. I Just lost my job. I needed some more time to find a new one. Okay, well we got you. You got a thousand dollars. Congratulations. Look at that. Thank You. You ain't even had to do nothing strange to get that change. That's right. That's right. Nothing but God blessing. There You go.


And that's a thousand dollars courtesy of self. This week's Daily Bread is sponsored by Self. Now all you gotta do is download their All in one app. Well congratulations Nicole. Hold on. All right, thank you. The way they gets a thousand dollars courtesy of Self now all you gotta do is download their All in One app and it's pretty dope. They have all the tips and tools to help you level up your credit. All right, now head over to The Breakfast Club dot iheart.com/self Daily Bread to let us know why you need the cash and hopefully you can win as well.


Now Shalam, you got a positive note? I do man. SLU through my man cz. Kazeem just posted something on Twitter that he sent me that I think is very interesting. He put First Team All Breakfast Club, he got Point Guard Ray J, shooting Guard, Tyrese, small Forward Soldier Boy, power Forward, Dr. Umar Center. Birdman. Mm I think I Might have, I would just center Dr. Umar. Nah, I think I might go with a smaller rotation and take Birdman out and put Darnell Rowlins in. Oh, Don Rolls definitely got You. know what I'm Saying? Only 'cause Birdman don't play the team that often. Yeah, he only hit that one time. He was like a, you only been here once. A celebrity basketball game. Guess Yeah. Yeah. Positive note is simply this man.


Always remember, yo, this is a great quote from Carl Jung that I feel like somebody out there needs to hear today. I am not what happened to me. I am what I choose to become. That also makes me think of another quote where they say healing is a matter of time but it's so, but it is sometimes also a matter of opportunity. So If, you get the opportunity to go on your healing journey. Take it. Okay. Have a blessed day. Breakfast Club bitches. We gonna finish or y'all done?


Hey. Hey. Gather round. I got the lowdown on the hottest show in town based on some shh that really happened. It's called Fight Night, the Million Dollar Heist Baby. It's about a job hustler who tangles with some stone Cold Brothers and pays the price you dig. Starring Kevin Hart, Taraji p Henson, Terrance Howard with Don Cheadle and Samuel L. Jackson. Catch Fight Night. The million dollar Heist streaming September 5th on Peacock. Right on now back to the Funk.