
Life is an act of constant reinvention that's true for you and for cause. Nissan Reimagined the all new kicks around you. The Bowles Personal plus sound system with speakers in the headrest keeps you in the groove while the Nissan Safety Shield 360 technologies keep you safe. If Nissan invented the kicks, you can reinvent yourself. Drive the all new Reimagined Nissan Kicks today. Available features compatible device service and consumer activation of Nissan Connect Services. Package required use only when safe and legal subject to third party service availability For more information, see Nissan usa.com/connect/legal. Apple CarPlay is a trademark of Apple Link. Intelligent All-Wheel Drive cannot prevent collisions or provide enhanced traction in all conditions. Always monitor traffic and weather conditions.


I wanna Take a moment to give a shout out to our sponsor. Stand Up to all Hate. This one is important to me because, you know, we joke, we debate, we go at each other but hate. That's not it. If you see it, stand up to it because there's no reason to hate use. Your voice is one of the most powerful tools in this fight. So join us at The Breakfast Club and standing up to it. If you see hate, speak up and call it out. You can learn more by following at what's up with hate on Instagram. And TikTok


at t has a new guarantee because most things in life are not guaranteed. In a world where nothing is guaranteed, at t is bringing something new to the table. At t is introducing a guarantee. With connectivity you depend on deals you want in service, you deserve, or they make it right. Learn more at att.com/guarantee. At&t connecting changes everything. Terms and conditions apply. Visit att.com/guarantee for details.


Check out Pluto TV's The Black Collective, a free and curated collection of black entertainment, including movies, shows and music, all featuring black talent, both on camera and behind the scenes. Watch classic movies like Boomerang Norman and paid in full binge series. Like Tyler Perry's sisters in Power and Scream. The latest RB and hip hop music videos all for free on practically any device that's tons of your favorite entertainment that you can watch on your tv, tablet of phone, all for free. The Black Collective on Pluto tv.


Scream now. Pay Neville. Good morning. USA. Yo. Yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo, yo yo, yo yo, yo yo. Good morning. Just hilarious. Good Morning Charlamagne to God. Peace To the Planet. It is Tuesday. Good morning. How y'all feel out there? I feel blessed Black and Holly favored. Happy to be here another day to serve our beautiful listeners. What's happening? What's happening? What's going on this morning? Why do you have Monica's shoes in front of you? And why you have that wig over there? What is going on? Because That is not my wig that don't do that. That is Charlemagne grandmother wig. That is not my wig. My Grandmother's dead. Oh my gosh. Both of 'em. Both of 'em. Yes She did. Oh fuck. I was gonna say the other one. Yo, See what I'm saying? For real? Yes.


Oh, right, because you know people used to be playing like Yeah, my grandmother did. Oh my gosh. All right. I'm sorry, grandma. Yes, they have transitioned. Okay. Okay. Well anyway, these, I don't have nothing to do with that wig, but these are the Monica shoes that I wore and that's every mind video. All, all my grandma friends wore 'em shoes at her funeral. Well, let's take that up with Monica. Let's take that up with me. 'cause I thought we got that from Monica. But look, when I was in Rally over the weekend, right, with Raleigh, sorry, when I was in Raleigh over the weekend, they was playing it on all the radio stations. 92.1. They was playing that on, what is it? The 7 9 5 0 9. Yeah. 97 5. Yeah. 97 5. Yep. Is yep. 97 5 95. Yo, they was playing it like, that was like the actual Brandy and Monica song. And they asked me to sing it at, at when I was doing press to sell out the shows Tonight.


You about to go on tour. Sure. Surely am. I gotta see if Lauren, she better not be bringing that wig that's sitting in front of Charlemagne. But whose wig is that? Lauren's wig? No it's not. I promise you Lauren's wig maker made this wig. Remember when she was up here a couple weeks ago? Yeah. And she was upset with me. 'cause I be climbing Lauren's wig. Yes. So she made me this little piece. Oh, She made it for you? Yeah, yeah, yeah. She went and bought that. She bought that. You think so? Yes, that is. You never seen those type wigs? That's like one of the Tyler Perry wigs. Damn. What? No. What if she really made this handcrafted and you saying that? Nuh nuh nuh. Stop. That's ine wigs. What? What you supposed to do with it? I tried to put it on her earlier. Yeah. Lemme see. It ain't fit right now.


So. And that's how I feel like she really made it. No, yo, he is such Alan with him. I'm Dead, sir. You think I'm joking? Lauren can explain it with, well, Lauren said just to clear it up, it's a store bought wig. She said you weren't worth the bundles. Exactly. I Dude, she shouldn't say that. Then she bought it in here and was like, y'all, she made this few you bread was in there. She made this. So now you putting this on her name for no reason. This stupid ass looking wig. And I can really talk bad about it. It's stupid ass looking. That is so stupid. Look like Mo from the Three Stooges. Oh My God. Yes. I thought Justin Bieber used to weigh his head Exactly. As soon as he out it. This is definitely a baby, baby, baby week. Oh my goodness.


All right, well Davi do will be joining us this morning. Who is that? You Know Davi do David. Oh, okay. I don't know what Envy just said Davi. That was the Dominican way of saying Itto. DeVito. You said da. You want him to put a Latin artist on all his records. That's what that sounded like to Me. Jesus. Well, he'll be talk, he got a, his fifth album five drops on April 18th. So we'll talk to David O or DeVito, whatever you wanna call him. David. No man, call him his name. Crazy. He, he gave us like four options. Definitely Did. Yes he did. Gave us four options. David o will be here later on. David O. See Gentlemen, that's from number five. All right. So we'll kick with David o and then we have front page news. Morgan will be joining us. It's The Breakfast Club. Good morning. Morning everybody. It's DJ Envy. Jess. Hilarious.


Charlamagne the guy. We are The Breakfast Club. What's up? I Rock with 30 for 30. I love that record, but I'm old enough to feel like Rich Boy throws some Ds about to drop all the time. Know Right. Every time that song Come on. All The time. Alright, well let's get in some front page news. Start off with some quick sports. The Gators beat the Cougars, the Houston Cougars in the NCAA Men's Basketball Championship last night. 65 to 63. So congratulations to the Florida Gators. Sounds like it was a good game. Yeah, Very good game. Too bad. I don't care about men's college basketball. No. Very good game. What up Morgan? Hey y'all. Hey. Yes, That was indeed a good game. And shout out to Florida for the comeback. That was like ridiculous. Woo. They deserve that. Alright, so first step on the front page. President Trump won big in the Supreme Court regarding a deportation case and the Alien Enemies Act.


But before I get into that, let's talk about the recent visit. Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu had with President Trump. So Donald Trump says he's the best president for Israel. Even with the new tariffs speaking with Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu, the president said, Israel will always be a close ally. While Netanyahu praised President Trump for his support, let's take a listen to their bromance. That exchange that they had, the two Many friends in Israel, they are not in an easy area. It doesn't go easy, but we are helping them. And likewise they've been helping us. You've been a remarkable friend of the state of Israel. Islam, you stand by us, you're standing with us.


You are a great, great champion of our lives. So Netanyahu said he will start to tear down any trade barriers. Of course, this is a result of President Trump's reciprocal tariffs. You know, he's put those on everybody. It don't matter who you are. So Netanyahu said he will start to tear down any trade barriers between between the two countries. And he went on to say, the country will continue to work with us on trade. Let's take a listen to Netanyahu. We'll eliminate the trade deficit with the United States. We intend to do it very quickly. We think it's the right thing to do, but to also eliminate trade barriers, a variety of trade barriers that have been put up unnecessarily.


And I think Israel can serve as a model for many countries who ought to do the same. So Trump, thank Netanyahu for the discussion on trade between the US and Israel. Adding that, of course, the US he continues to reiterate this, the US has been ripped off for years and we can no longer be the stupid people any more. So it does appear just a little bit, at least with this particular ally Israel, that the trade deficit, the tariffs and all of that stuff, that this particular country is coming to the negotiating table regarding that. Now, Netanyahu also said that he still wants to get the hostages freed from Hamas in Gaza and is working with Trump on that. Now Trump says he's communicating directly with Iran, speaking with the Israeli prime Minister.


Of course at the White House, the President said the Iranian backed militia group, they need to disarm immediately. Or he's hinting at military action. Let's take a listen to Trump regarding that. I think everybody agrees that doing a deal would be preferable to doing the obvious. And the obvious is not something that I want to be involved with or frankly that Israel wants to be involved with if they can avoid it. So we're gonna see if we can avoid it. Yeah. So Trump also hinted at military action if a deal is not struck between the two Israel and Iran in regards to the whole situation going on in Gaza.


Any thoughts on that guys? It looks like, in regards to at least our ally, it looks like the, the trade and the tariffs seem to be working in Trump's favor. I thought Trump didn't want any war. I thought Trump didn't want any, you know, no, no, no fighting going on. I thought he was trying to seesaw wars. He, he, he has said that. But he also has said that, you know, basically, well he's also threatening that is saying Don't push him. Right? Pretty much, yes. Period. Alright, well speaking of military President Trump reportedly wants to hold a military parade to celebrate his birthday. Multiple reports say the parade will happen through the streets of the nation's capitol. On June 14th, the president's 79th birthday and the Army's 250th anniversary.


So the parade will be four miles long going from the Pentagon to the White House. And apparently he did want to do this within his first administration, but the, the bill was too high. Something like $9 million or something. $90 million was quoted before. So that's why he couldn't do it during his first term. But yeah. So he is expected to have one this term. Yep. Yeah. All these federal jobs lost. The economy is in the toilet. People's 4 0 1 Ks being slashed. Nothing to celebrate right now. My guy 92, nothing, nothing to celebrate. And If he was worried about the 9 million last time, who's gonna take the $9 million bill this time? The tax Base? It's the 90, I'm sorry, correction. 92 million was the Price tag. 92 million.


$92 million. So isn't that wasteful spending? Yes. Where Doja, when you need him, doge can, well I guess he does have presidential immunity. So did Doge can intervene in a situation like this. That seemed like wasteful spending to me. Mm. Well let's take it up to the Supreme Court. Maybe. You know, that's what we'll talk about. At seven, he had a big win with the Supreme Court. So we'll get into that. You need to have a nice little light party at Mar-a-Lago for family and close friends. Okay. Don't involve our military with that foolishness. Alright, well that is front page news. Get it off your chest. 805 8 5 1 0 5 1 if you need to vent, phone lines are wide open. Again, +1 800-585-1051. Call us up right now is The Breakfast Club. Good morning. The Breakfast Club.


I'm, I'm, Hey, what you doing man? Call calling. Yo, This is your time to get it off your chest. Whether you're mad or blessed. 8 5 8 5 1 0 5 1. We want to hear from you on The Breakfast Club. Hello. Who's this Tan? Good morning. How y'all doing this morning? What's up? Morning? What's up King? What's up man? I'm up calling from Newport News from Detroit. But I had a question. I've been a member of a black mad on cheek community for 15 years and a faithful member. There You go. Nice. There you go. And, And I think we all got, And I proud of y proud of your brothers for bringing that attention, but we gotta stick together. We gotta show more support for brothers in the industry because I think I'm a chairman, but I think PA's the president, you know, for black men don't cheat.


Would you agree with that? Is Pat Po the president for Black Men Don't cheat? Yeah, the poster board, you know, for being loyal, faithful, stick by queen no matter what. She shine, you step back. Well They, no, they, what are you talking about? Oh, you talking Emini here. They not together no more. Emini here. Remy him. He with re I. Yeah, what you trying To, but he's saying like he never cheated type situation. He never, my thing is if we, we support Papos, why do we gotta hear the woman that cheated on him every time we hit done here today? You want Yo yo, I don know. You might, well you might as well change. You might as well say the dunk here day. We might as well call this Superhead. We can spread, I don't know. I don know if le cheated, I don know about any of this, you know, loving hip hop soap opera you're talking about right now.


So He's saying that you need to Clarissa Shields to do the Donkey of the Day thing. Yeah. She took some respect for their relationship with That brother. Say you don't know the ins and outs. It ain't his business. Yeah. Here's the biggest thing about being a faithful black man. Mind your business, okay? Worry about you and yours. As long as you not cheating, that's all that matters. Yeah, That's the true statement too. But I still think you know, this, this, this, the, the sight of it look crazy. I don, you know, they got hurt. Are you stupid? Are you dumb? Emini here? Are you serious? I don. Hey. Yo, this guy. Yo, he can't I don this morning. I don know anybody else's resume, brother. I really don't know. Okay. Y'all, Y'all right. So we ain't gonna start that. I I just had to get that off my chest, man. I appreciate y'all.


Yes sir. Y'all keep it up though man. I'm riding with y'all today because it will fall off. Thank, Thank you brother. Thank you brother. Hello. Who's this? Alright. This is Kane of Mansfield, Ohio. What's up Kane? Get it off your chest, brother. Alright, Well, you know, with all the negativity going on in The World, I just wanted to call in and remind folks that thank God and you know, it's a lot more, it's a lot of stuff going out there and you know, sometimes you gotta get on your knees and just, you know, just pray to him sometimes. That's Right. Absolutely. Every day. Yep. So, you know, I just wanted to, I know y'all, y'all talk about Trump and everything every morning and y'all be having me week every morning. I I'm driving to Toledo right now and y'all be making my mornings, man.


Y'all is funny as hell. Thank you brother. Thank you sir. Where you calling from? Mansfield, Ohio. Manfield, Ohio. What station are you listening to us on? Are you listening? On the iHeartRadio app? One. Oh, I listen to Apple Music, but 1 0 6 0.7 of Beat is on there. Okay. That's what it is. Thank you brother. Thank you brother. Appreciate you. Hey, Hey, Charlamagne Charlamagne. Leave the people alone man. Who? You just be, you be clowning people man. He said all people, all people alone told you. But no, I just, I, I appreciate y'all listening to me and you know, I'm gonna remind 'em again. Thank God for what you got. Alright, Thank you brother. Get it off your chest.


805 8 5 1 0 5 1 if you need to vent. Phone lines are wide open. It's The Breakfast Club. Good morning. The Breakfast Club. It's a new day. This is your time to get it off your chest wake. Wake up. Whether you're mad Or blessed, it's time to get up and get something. Call up Now. (800) 585-1051. We want to hear from you on The Breakfast Club. Hello, who's this? Hi, my name's Kelsey. Hey Kelsey. Good morning. Get her off your chest. Good morning. So I'm calling from Atlanta. Good morning Jess. Good morning dj. Mv. Good morning Charla Mornings. Kelsey. Good morning Boo. Oh, I'm so excited to call you guys. My daughter said this was lame for me to call it in to get off my chest.


Whatcha you excited? But anyways, I'm excited just to call in to the radio, talk to you guys. I'll listen to you guys every morning on my way to work. Okay. Nice. That's sweet. Thank you girl. Thank you Very much. So I'm calling getting off my chest. So it is very hard dating in Atlanta. I'm new to the area. So not only do I have to dodge, you know, the undercover, the DL men. Oh, you smell the doodoo on the pv. I also have to, what? That is so Trash. I also have to under, I have to dodge like the princesses, The stud you The men that want you to run after them. Oh, oh, Oh. So I, I recently just kind of got blocked by this guy. So I guess like online dating is kind of like the way or another way to kind of get out there and see what you see.


So I signed up on this app, had been talking to this guy online, just texting. We hadn't met in person or anything like that, just texting. So I decided to do my little due diligence and look him up online just to kind of see if he really is who he say he is. And I guess he discovered that I looked him up online because after a good week of talking, nothing weird, nothing like that. He checked out to be who he was. He decided he was gonna block me. What did you do? I didn't do nothing but look him up. I guess he discovered that I had went on his Instagram And I checked his LinkedIn. You gotta make sure he employed, But how you know, you, how you know you did all that. Yeah, She probably looked on her story looked, you know, when you look on somebody's story you could see their name. Right.


So I'm guessing he doesn't see me. Look at his stuff. What's wrong with this Stuff? What? So what if you getting know why? What would it matter? Exactly. So I feel like he's being weird. Oh yeah. Nah, he gay. What? Yeah, he got another life Or something. He's hiding and he's not trying to tell me or something. Might have Hide, Say family. He ain't gotta be gay. Just, well Bisexual. It is Atlanta. My bad bisexual bishop. Right, Right, right, right. If You using the proper context. Well actually he doesn't live in Atlanta. He's from Augusta. But still Same difference is an hour and so away. Yeah. He's certified bisexual. Yeah. You Come through, you come through Atlanta, get to get, get your fair share deed and drive back to Augusta. Nobody even know. Right. This is crazy because I'm like, he ghosted me.


He didn't say nothing. Like we had just like had a conversation on Friday. Yeah. Saturday. I'm blocked. What the Fuck either he got. It's all good. Either he got another family or he got a boyfriend. I Think he probably got another family mama. And it might be a family of boys. Well, yeah, Emini here. But it it's all good. It's all good. It Is all good. Listen, we gonna be in Atlanta. I'm gonna be in Atlanta Saturday, April 26th for the third annual Black Effect podcast festival. You know, you can pull up out there. There'd be some nice eligible bachelors out there And more gays. Okay. That's true. True. Yes. They love showing. I know. More ducking and dodging. Yes. It'll be, It'll be at Pullman Yards in Atlanta. Okay. Pullman. Get it.


See. See? Okay. Sounds good. Y'all have a great morning gay Browns say pull man, pull. Get it off your chest. 805 8 5 1 0 5 1. We got the latest to Lauren coming up. What we talking about Lauren? We Do, Busey was involved in a serious car crash yesterday with multiple people injured. We have some exclusive details on what went down and how he's doing. So we're gonna talk about it. Of course, Laura would reach out right, right after a car accident. Absolutely. Hey, I know you probably banged up. Tell us what happened. You dead. We get to that. Next is The Breakfast Club. Good morning. The Breakfast Club. Good morning everybody. You Look like you smoke Newport, Jv.


Charlene, you hilarious Charlene. You Buy Lucy's baby. That's what you looking like. Oh Yo. Not the Lucy. Lucy Out. This guy looks crazy. Yes. Crazy. That's like that. Don't sit on my couch. Plastic couch. Definitely plastic couch. All right, well let's get to the latest with Lauren. Lauren becoming a straight face out. She gets them from somebody that knows somebody. She into details. I'm the home girl that knows a little bit about Everything. She be having the latest on this, the latest with Lauren la. Sometimes she have facts, sometimes she have details, sometimes she have a little bit of Everything. What's the latest on The Breakfast Club? Talk to me. Don't even look at me.


Okay, so yesterday Booie was involved in a serious car crash with reportedly multiple people injured. So Monday, April 7th, 2025, there was a video that began to surface online of a a car accident scene. There was multiple people laying on the ground in this video injured. And you see Booie standing up, he's talking to, I believe it's like a cop or like a, a paramedic that's on the scene. So people of course were like, yo, what's going on is Booie okay? What's happening? So I reached out, I spoke to Bus's publicist and Bus's Publicist told me at the time that 'cause Busey hadn't spoke out yet, that Busey was okay. He wasn't hurt in the car accident. People were reporting that the car accident took place in Memphis.


It actually took place in Georgia. And Busey, from what I'm told, was the passenger in the car. They were riding in the car, Busey was on his phone and next thing he knew the car was was hit. Right. So Why Were people laid out on the ground? Emini here? It was a car accident. Was a car accident. There were people, Bags came out and everything. Yeah. And but laid out on the ground. Yeah. There was A guy, there was a guy laid by the car. I don't know if maybe he got out the car and like he was in pain. So he laid down. I don't know. I would've did that depending on what kind of truck it was that hit me or what kind of car that hit me. That's facts. Let It be on Walmart or Target. I'd have been laid out. I got laid down too. I can't take you serious with that. We, bro, There's so crazy looking at you with here Look like Star Trek or do Your show. Please Do do your second. Hey Yo, your voice should be lighter. Charlene, but go ahead. I'm sorry.


So yo, stop looking at me. So, so yeah. So Booy was not hurt. He did ended up posting and saying that he was a little bruised up, but he's good. And I asked like, you know, 'cause he's, he's torn right now. He's performing a lot right now. Was he going, you know, take some time off And his publicist was like, no, Booy gets to his money. So unless he's seriously hurt, he, he doesn't plan on stopping. But he did go to the hospital and I'm told he only went to the hospital because the driver of the car was actually hurt and he just wanted to make sure the driver was cool. That Mean he didn't get hit by the right person. Oh my what? Because if I got hit by the right person, I'd be in the hospital right now. What? Almost dead. Hello. Now why was Booy shirt off? Is Booy shirt always off when he drives? I don't, he was in the passenger seat but I don't know why. Why that A question? I just kicking running around with his shirt off.


I don't Know. In the video Boosty Shirt always off when he drop pause. You know what? Pause. Pause. I'm sorry. Yeah, like you just be clocking when he driving with Said you wanna see them nipples. You wanna wipe him down don't you? Mm. You talking to him like that with that wig is a little crazy. Yes. Envy. Just don't realize how he be saying.


The World is constantly changing. It's up to you to decide how to respond. Choose to be bold to try something new. Choose to reinvent yourself. That's what Nissan did with the all new totally reimagined kicks. The dynamic new exterior styling immediately announces that Nissan isn't messing around the interior. A completely redesigned cabin with premium features like wireless Apple called play and a panoramic moonroof make driving a kicks immersive and exciting. And with new performance and safety features like intelligent all-wheel drive, the kicks is both fun and safer to drive than ever before. It is the dawning of a brand new era for the Nissan Kicks. Only one question remains. Is it a new era for you as well? Drive the all new Reimagined Nissan Kicks today. Available features compatible device service and consumer activation of Nissan Connect Services. Package required use only when safe and legal subject to third party service availability For more information, see Nissan usa.com/connect/legal. Apple CarPlay is a trademark of Apple Link. Intelligent all-wheel drive cannot prevent collisions or provide enhanced traction in all conditions. Always monitor traffic and weather conditions


Before we get back to it. I wanna take a second for our sponsor. Stand up to all the hate now. You know, we joke, we debate, we even push buttons sometimes. But spreading the hate, that's never the right move. There's a difference between keeping it real and just being reckless. Let's do better respect each other and leave the hate out of it. There's no reason to hate even in my household. I have six kids And I don't let my children use the word hate. There's no reason to hate on anybody. It's always better to uplift, empower, and make sure that we support. So join us at The Breakfast Club and standing up to all hate. If you see someone getting hate, speak up and call it out. Your voice is one of the most powerful tools there is in this fight. And you can learn more by following at what's up with hate.


Or show your support by posting the blue square emoji and using the hashtag Staying Up to All Hate on Instagram. And TikTok


at and t has a new guarantee because most things in life are not guaranteed. Like actually getting the rental call you requested or your wedding turning out just like you dreamed it would. And someone making another pot of coffee in the break room after drinking the last drop of the last one. Yeah, don't get me started. Not guaranteed. In The World where nothing is guaranteed at and t is bringing something new to the table. At and t is introducing a guarantee. With connectivity you depend on deals you want and service you deserve or they make it right. So if you wanna know more about the at t guarantee, head to att.com/guarantee. At t connecting changes everything, terms and conditions apply. Visit att.com/guarantee for details.


Check out Pluto TV's the Black Collective, a free and curated collection of black entertainment including movies, shows and music, all featuring black talent both on camera and behind the scenes. Watch classic movies like Boomerang Norman and paid in full binge series like Tyler Perry's sisters in Power and Scream, the latest RB and hip hop music videos all for free on practically any device that's tons of your favorite entertainment that you can watch on your tv, tablet or phone. All for free. The Black Collective on Pluto tv.


Scream. Now pay Neville cutting This up up. I do, I do Little Riri. That's why I call him Lil Red Riri. Absolutely. Well in other news, well first of all I'm glad Bootsy's okay. And that everybody so far that I know of is okay. Yeah. And will be okay. But in the other news Bow Wow and Omarion, I don't know this what is happening bro. This is like the, the the beef that just never ends. But it's supposed to not be beef, right? Like what? I don't even remember them ever beefing. It's weird. It's a very weird thing 'cause it's like a silent thing that has like been going on for a long time. This guy, he Wants to be a girl so bad Charlamagne is Winning mannerisms. Then I will fall free. It Focused.


He looked real black or real White Baby. And they gonna use some hands. I want to hear the Omar on Bow. Wow. Okay, so gimme The T. Got you girl. So Bow Wow. Sat down with Kim Newton and they talked about a ton of different things, but they went through bow wows like history of beefs and Cam Newton brought up Omarion. Let's take a listen. Omarion, was that a real beef? It's complicated. We can't just sit down and hash shit. I don't wanna talk. It's time to talk about not, not even in a bad way. When you lay your hand out you try to be the bigger person and and try to rap but you get no response. We going, we gonna leave it right here. Then you do your thing. I'm gonna do my thing and we just gonna keep the peace.


But okay. It is definitely not no beef. Like, like we in the same buildings like we, we past each other in arenas we might not speak 'cause beef is, if I see you at any place in time, it's on where it's on. Like it's on site. That ain't what it is with us. We've been through this thing for so long. Yeah. That where we at? He's 40. Like I'm 38. Like where we at now? Like, not like we grown. And it's just like we don't have to do that now. We got kids, we got our own lives. Where I'm going in my career is where I'm going. Where you going? Yeah. It's where you going? I wish you nothing but the best. And for me the best revenge sometimes is time. You ain't even gotta do much. Salute the bow. I just wanna know when it, when has it ever been on site for Bow with anybody? First of all, bow, y'all been pissing Bow off recently?


Emini here. Not in, not that I know about in particular. Kim New Scared? No. Kim Newton asked him. Did he did. Oh, that's why he did that. Kim Newton asked him has he ever been in a real fight? Oh. Oh my god. Cam he did, He did ask him that and he was like, yeah of course. Like, like yeah I Scuffles. I think it's because he's had so many little like beefs, like it was like the little Romeo thing at one point. Then he had something with Eric Benet that I didn't even know was a thing. Eric Benet? Yeah. Oh my god, I should have got that audio. Yes, they had, there was like a, it was like a Brandon, if you're listening can you please grab that audio? We'll bring that back in the next hour. Because Baah was like, you know, nobody has ever even asked me about that. No one's ever even addressed that. But Omarion go ahead. Not sit in the interview and tell somebody nobody's ever bought that up. You know, I was beefing with somebody but y'all keep skipping over it crazy.


Like nobody ever brings it up. I think it was like is Bow Wow. Like what Eric Benet is 60 playing with filters. Like he don't care. I'm gonna be able to add some more context in a second, but e even. But what About when Omarion was here though? Yeah. So when Omarion was here, you guys asked him about Bow Wow. Making music with Bow. Wow. Let's take a listen to that. What About Bow? Wow. You think you and Bow Wow ever do a joint album again? I'm not sure. I'm not sure. I feel like if I'm gonna do any collaboration, whether it be rapper, singer, I feel like they have to have like current music out. You know what I'm saying? Music that and, and you know, current music of the last maybe three to three years. You know what I'm saying? So yeah, if I'm gonna do a collaborative, it's gonna be like, okay, new music.


We working on New Vibes. I thought we asked tomorrow about why I was good though. I don't, I think we did. He said I don't wanna talk about it or we, we will see. No, I don't remember that just made that. No, no, no. I heard something about B 2K. Yeah. Oh, it's B 2K. It the part Bow. Wow. But the reason why two, right? So I remember when y'all did the interview, I had grabbed this to bring it back up the next day because then Bow Wow got on Twitter and, and everything started getting crazy because a fan had tweeted Bow. Wow. This was back in February. A fan had Tweeted Bow Wow. And was like that basically they need to talk Omarion and him need to talk. And he was like, no I don't. And then they mentioned the tour and Bow Wow was like what tour? Because the Millennium tour announcement was, was happening and that's why Omar was here.


I thought that Omarion know he means like Pizza and Zen and well, but I thought that that comment was a little shady. Emini here relevant and need to do honest. That's relevant being Yeah. Like if you ain't dropping no music within the last three to five years. Yeah. Why would I do something with you? I, yeah, but that, that's also maybe his preference. Maybe he don't feel like he should have to revamp nobody. Maybe he feel like yo, like I'm not saying, I'm just saying maybe that's his preference. Like if I'm gonna collaborate, I Ain't not about put on site. Don't say I don you your yo, I was just thinking you got, And I swear I look like him on like Mike as soon as I got the bridge I was like damn, I look like Ball from like Mike. Keep playing with Bow. Wow. No, no, no. Nah. When that jet land in New York, I'm, I'm scared.


I ain't trying to mess with that. Don't call me Dawn. I'm just saying don't call me for help. Don't call you. Nobody ever calls you for help. No. Oh yeah. Right. God don't put me for I don We have Eric Benet. Eric Benet is 60 years old. How what? What is he gonna do with Bow? Wow they fighting. If we can't do it right now, I'm bring Emini here. Be happy. Let's take a listen. This Is what, this was an interesting one for me. Eric Benet. I know where you got that from. By the way, you the first person that ever bring of Eric Benet in a beef situation. I really got this but I know what you got 'cause of the 'cause of the rap city freestyle. Yeah. It was just a hard line to stab at him. You gotta think I'm a rapper so you gotta be creative.


Yeah, Yeah, yeah, yeah. Eric Benet Benet and Be not You The X Man because you know how he played the X Man. I'm all that hol he's got, it was just like a cute little fun jab to jab at him. But I got all respect for, for Eric Benet Say less. Oh that didn't fight. I gotta hear the context. I gotta hear it in the flow. Because you Said Eric Benet do you the flow, The con That ain't hit though. What? I gotta hear it. When you rapping it, it ain't sound right when he just explaining it. How long gonna pull up on you now? So you keep playing with Bow. Yes. Especially with that wig going. Yes. Well give it. Oh my God. Omarion did comment guys and he said that to his knowledge there's no beef, no unresolved issues unless there is one question mark.


No drama. He's in a season where he honors what's real, what's reciprocal and what O blis the spirit. We may cross paths and not exchange words and that's okay. I wish him well on his journey. I move forward with love, clarity, and the truth. Thank you to everyone who came out to the Millennium tour and made it a great success and excitement and more great news to come. See you soon. That's Maria. What think I can be beefing over? I have no idea Y'all. If it ain't dance moves. That's what I'm, I have no idea. I don't know Y'all almost 40. Y'all still on tour selling out arenas all over the country. Life should be good. Like what do y'all really have an issue of? Yo, I I can't take you serious with that. You really Sitting over there looking like Tam Hall. Can you take that off? Yes. I'm gonna be honest with you. Tamron all is crazy. This this was a social experiment. No, this was a social experiment. Lauren.


Lauren, Lauren Wick person. No Baby. You gotta say that. We need to just look at you for a second. Yeah, but Lauren's wig person bought this wig now y'all sit here and couldn't stop commenting on this wig for nine, 10 minutes. But y'all sit there and let me be the only person talking about what be on her head Because this and that is totally different. No, it's not the same thing from the same person. Alright. Alright G. All right, I gals. Alright gals. All right. This is the same. We have front page news when we come back we got a Bow. Wow. Record. We gonna play a Bow. Wow. Record too, man. Salute the Bow. Wow. I don't want no problems with Bow. Wow. You better hit a Harlem shaker. So You already, Oh my God, don't you hit one. That wiggle won't fly The Breakfast Club.


Good morning, You are checking out The Breakfast Club. Morning everybody. It's dj, DJ Envy. Just hilarious. Charlamagne the guy. We are The Breakfast Club. Let's get in some front page news. Again, congratulations to the Florida Gators. They beat the Houston COU 65 63 to win the NCAA Mims basketball championship. So congratulations to the Gators again. Are you a Gator fan Morgan? I just like to do the chomp. Oh, okay. Alright, well good morning to Morgan Emini here. And I And I do like that they blew in orange. You know, Morgan State HBC. Anyway, I get It. I get it. Alright y'all, so let's get back into the front page news. Yeah. So President Trump is scoring a big victory in the Supreme Court and a five four ruling on Monday.


The court will allow the Department of Justice to remove alleged Venezuelan gang members from the country under the Alien Enemies Act. Now White House Deputy Chief of Staff Steven Miller, says the ruling makes the lawyer the lower court judge look bad. Let's hear from Steven Miller, deputy Chief of Staff. This was a huge Emini here, a monumental victory for President Trump. The biggest legal win of this administration so far, a total embarrassment for crazy Judge Boberg who's been trying to force this president to bring foreign alien terrorists back onto American soil. So Trump may now invoke the nine, excuse me, the 1798 law to speed up removals while things play out in lower courts.


Now this will impact, go ahead. Were you guys gonna Say no? I would say, correct me if I'm wrong, but it it, it's not that he's trying to bring gang members back, but you know when you have people who get swept up that aren't gang members accidentally, accidentally, that's who they was trying to get back. Right? Like it was the, it was the father from Maryland, if I'm not mistaken, right? Yeah, Yeah. We'll get into that. It's not just him, but it's also the fact that remember that judge issued that ruling on whether or not all of those migrants could be shipped to Venezuelan and to El Salvador. Remember there was that confusion about when the plane left and things of that nature. It's just a matter of the overall, how are you going to get rid of or so-called deport these people? There's a way to do it, but based on this particular ruling, that means that he feels like the country is in some sort of turmoil, some sort of of under attack.


So if he feels like the country is being v is V in a vulnerable space, then we could pretty much get rid of people how we want to period. That's kind of how that, that that ruling goes. That's why it's so old. And now that it's implemented, yeah, there's, it's, it's there's less grace I'll put to with that. You did talk about the dad Ilmar Braigo Garcia. He was deported after being arrested last month. Let's listen to his wife Jennifer Vasquez Sura. She's the wife of the Salvadorian National who is accused of being a MS 13 gang member. Let's take a listen to his wife. I wanna Say thank you to everyone that has helped us, that has supported us in fighting this and we will continue fighting for Kilmore for my husband.


So basically the Trump administration has, well a judge initially ordered that the government return Garcia back to the US no later than 11:59 PM on Monday. But that Supreme Court ruling has now blocked that. So there is still efforts to get him back. But also the Trump administration is saying that, you know, he is in fact an MS 13 gang member. ICE has proof of that. In fact, attorney Pam, attorney General, Pam Bondy, she says President Trump will continue to obey the law as it rules whether it rules in his favor or against him. And she made those comments on Fox News on Sunday. She said that Trump is doing what he said he would do and the courts are kind of getting in the way.


So she also, again as I mentioned, she said that ICE has proof that the Maryland man was mis, who was mistakenly supposedly deported is an MS 13 gang member. Let's hear from Attorney General Pam Bondy. No, the president is going to comply with the law. He was overwhelmingly elected by an overwhelming majority of the United States citizens to be our commander and chief. And that's what he's been doing. ICE has testified members of ICE that he is an MS 13 gang member. And the defense, his lawyers have argued, well he should be here because he was studying to be an electrician. So it is important to note that Abrego was an fact.


Granted he was granted a protective status in 20, I believe it's 2019. So Emini here, he is here legally. But I guess if the administration decides otherwise, then the administration decides otherwise. So the Attorney General also says that the real constitutional crisis in the US right now is the fact that there's been over 170 lawsuits filed against the White House. You know, basically saying that the administration is not able to do what they're, they're trying to do because of this. And she said it's her directive to get people like Abrego and others out of the country. Bondy said that they're looking for the safety of Americans and we'll continue doing so. So yeah. Yeah. I don't know about the, the person from Maryland situation.


You know, I, I have no problem with them getting rid of gang members, but I would like to know what the proof is. Like I would like to know what the proof they have, you know, to know that he was a member of MS 13. 'cause I think we, the American people should know. So we know who to avoid in the streets are even know who to know when to call the proper authorities if we see one. No, for real. Absolutely. And not only that, it just stands to impact immigration as a whole because did you guys hear about the Duke basketball player and just the fact that that's Crazy. Visas are being revoked left and right. So if you haven't heard, there's a star center for the Duke men's basketball team who his visa has been revoked by the Trump administration. Seven foot two.


Kaman Malach is part of the Blue Devil's team that made it to the Final four on Saturday. But he's from South Sudan and Secretary of State, Marco Rubio released a statement on XA, he plans to revoke all visas held by by South Sudanese passport holders immediately. So Duke University released a statement saying they're looking into the situation and working expeditiously to understand the implication of how it impacts, of course this player and Duke students for overall and Maow watch is of course also eligible for the 2025 NBA draft. So I'm not sure how, I'm just basically going keep an eye on that situation and see how that plays out for him in regards to That. Yeah. That, that, that makes, that makes zero sense to me. But I am almost positive that his situation will be resolved.


Yeah, it will be resolved with the amount of donors that I'm sure are Republicans. The same donors that donated to Duke, I'm sure possibly, possibly donated to, to Trump. I'm sure they'll clean that up Immediately. And doesn't that feel like overreaching, which means when stuff like that starts to happen, But it's not just them. You know, there's also visas being revoked by the Trump administration at California universities, you know, universities, students and alumni at UCLA. Uc, uc, San Diego, uc, Berkeley, uc, Davis, they're among those also involved in a nationwide crackdown by the Department of Homeland Security. So you can't, you know, there's, there's, he's one case, right? Uhm watch is one case but you know that it's gonna be a blanket type situation and you can't say Everybody. And it shouldn't be like that though.


Like you can't take a chainsaw to a situation like this. You have to, I would think you would have to be surgical with it. Well it's the, it's the same thing as, it's the same thing as the Doge conversation. You can't just go in there with a chainsaw and just start cutting jobs. You gotta go in there and be surgical with it. Yeah, well yeah, well it's not what They're doing. If the administration feels like the country is vulnerable right now, then they can essentially get rid of people who are not Citizens. I know the brother from Duke ain't no threat like I know that much. So like that, that situ, that right there alone lets me know that they need to be more surgical with this. If somebody like him is, you know, getting his visa revoked. That's Right. Listen, that's pretty much your front page news.


Alright though. Y'all can follow me on socials at Morgan Media and for more news coverage, follow at Black Information Network. Download the free iHeartRadio app and visit us@bnews.com. Thank you. Thank You Morgan. Hey Thank y'all. Thank you. Now when we come back, DeVito will be joining us. He has a new project that comes out April 18th call five and we gonna kick it with him next. It's The Breakfast Club. Good morning, The Breakfast Club. Morning everybody. It's DJ Envy. Just hilarious. Charlamagne the guy. We are The Breakfast Club. We got a special guest in the building. Dto Dto. What's up brother? What's What's up man? How you doing? I'm Good. Good morning. I'm doing good. Good morning. How you feeling man? Feeling good man. Just a little bit tired.


Been all over the place, you know what I'm saying? Promoting this album, it comes out soon. So just been crazy. Got the new album dropping April 18th. It's called Five five. This my fifth album man. Yeah, fifth album. Yo, you, you the one yo. It's a lot of hype surrounding you yo. Like seriously you one of the most followed African artists on IG and Twitter. Yeah, YouTube. Anything you drop, go crazy. Do crazy numbers. All your collabs, everything. How's all that success impact Man, it Feels good man. You know, just, you know, I stayed here a little time of my life so just to see everything come around full circle for the culture, you know what I'm saying? Even since when I was in school I was always, always like pushing the African narrative and for to just naturally pop off.


That's crazy. You feel like one of the the godfathers of of Afrobeats and Afrobeat music 'cause you were one of the first to Yeah. To really pop And in definitely commercialization pop. Yeah, definitely. You know what I'm saying? Especially in the new age of the com commercialization of the genre. You know what I'm saying? Yeah. But we have a lot of godfathers though that came before me. You know what I'm saying? But we com commercialized it, you know what I'm saying? Made it cool, made it popular. So yeah, I take that. Did it Hurt or help? 'cause it was, it's, it almost felt like it was commercialized so fast and everybody jumped on it so fast and then it slowed down so much. Yes. Yes. You felt like it hurt or helped with explosion Emini here, first of all, explosion. That's why you always have to have your backing, which is home.


Mm. You know what I'm saying? That's why like you, you notice that we always go home any chance we get just to be around. Yeah. And there's so much going on in Africa that we was okay for a long time, you know, till it popped off here that we come out here for tours. So I feel like we always have the backbone to be able to always be able to be able to go home. You know what I'm saying? If anything like if this stuff is slow a little bit, always go home. But Something I found so interesting about You was you, you didn't even grow up listening to Afrobeats. No. Grew I up listening to rap. Like yeah, 50 cent. You always say fifth. Fifth Is what? Yeah, I like when I met him the first time 'cause we were talking, 'cause you know we do the tour, we do the stadium together in London. So I'm telling, I'm looking, he's just like, what? I'm like guy you doing Like I Had the sneakers, I had the video game.


I had Every video you used Wear the tank Game. I had the sneakers. Did you wear the tank top? Tank top with the nipples on the side. The big white beer. Okay. Anything I had like, I was crazy about like Gnet, like all of them. And just to be able to, you know, go on tour with him, it's like wow. You know. What did your, what did your family think about you being so influenced by somebody from America, Like that Emini here? They always knew I liked rap, you know what I'm saying? Like, and y'all to put like my parents, you know, did a little bit out here too, so they understand like American culture as well, you know what I'm saying? So you Ever look at these rappers and be like, these poor ass Dang, damn that means yes. Every once in a while Emini here they know they, they know what's going on man.


Yeah. Oh Okay. But it's all good. Like it's just a different time. Like I remember like after I went back home coming out in 2015, you know, trying to work with people, you know, finesse get this, I, you know, I had this song with Meek Mill at the time And I knew what I had to do to get to Meek Mill. Like, you know what I'm saying? And it's so much easier now where like my DM is like, they Understand It now. Yeah. Let's work. You know what I'm saying? I'm trying to come to Nigeria, you know, and I'm like, yo, come let's, you know what I'm saying? Come experience it. I love it when they come. I'd rather meet them there. Like, I'd rather you come and because you can show him our culture most times when they come and then they see how it is and it's like, wow. Like why Jamati was just there. 'cause he's on my album. We start the video, he's on a single as well and he asked me a question, he was like, why do you, why do you leave?


Like, your life is so dope here. Like, you know what I'm saying? Like he's never, he told me he's dead. He's never seen this kind of star do before. Like, you know what I'm saying? Like how everybody love you. Like he's never seen it. Like why do you come to America? You know what I'm saying? So Why that's the, what, what's the answer to that? Oh, I'm, I'm American. You know what I'm saying? So it's different for me, but apart from that, like there's so much going on outside the diaspora with the culture and everything. You know what I'm saying? At the time, it's slowing down now a little bit. You know what I'm saying? But Did they get mad at you when you say that in Nigeria? When you say you an American? No. Okay. You know what I'm saying? Like they know it's like it's, it's, it's from my pet like naturalization. But like they know I still rep, you know, Africa rep Nigeria and I'm always home every chance I get.


Yeah. So you are born in Atlanta? I was born in Atlanta. And then you raised And I, I went back home with my parents, but we used to come every summer, you know what I'm saying? Every summer we had a house in Atlanta. So every summer and mind you, my siblings didn't live in Nigeria, they stayed in London and America. So I was, I was the, I'm the last child of five kids. So I was the only one at home with my parents 'cause they wanted at least one kid with them. Yeah. You know, so I didn't leave. Like I, I'd come every summer but I didn't come and stay until I was like 14, 15. So you saw the best of both worlds. So you had the trenches 'cause what part of Atlanta? No, I was in, I was in Sandy Springs. Oh, so you were, okay. So, but my cousins used to stay in Gwinnett on North side. So I'd go there and go there, chill, smoke, you know what I'm saying? I can't do that at home.


But that's when I really experienced real Atlanta culture. You know what I'm saying? You know, start tapping in with the Jordans. At first it was just sandals. You was just Me. Listen, my mom was one of the first probably person in The World to get, there's this particular Chanel bag at this time, this bag, this bag was like 22,000 at that time. I'm talking about eighties. She was the fist, like my mom was stylish. Like if you walk in this building, you smelling the perfume like door. You know what I'm saying? So like we've always, they've always been fly. 'cause like I said, they understood American culture a little bit as well. Got You. I was wondering, I can't keep up with how much Afrobeats has evolved though.


'cause you have the I I'm a piano now. Yeah. It's like, what's the difference between, You see like, afrobeats is not like how it's not a sound. It's not how It's not sound a type of music. Actually. It's, it's kind of like, it's the genre that we, we called, 'cause in the UK there was this song that blew up from the band. The band is like, he's our like J type stuff. Like he broke all the barriers. So at the time in the UK, they didn't want to call it African music because you know how it's over there. So they called it Afrobeats. But Afrobeats was actually a genre that Fella was doing that's Fell's own genre, which has a distinctive sound. It sounds a kind of way. So when they were describing the music for the Afrobeats, it's just called it Afrobeats as a whole, which describes, so if you're an African artist and you sing r and b, like we have people back home that don't even, like, they sound like r and b type, usher type singer.


Mm. And the dudes like Du Modu who's really trapped, sounds like he from Bronx, you know what I'm saying? Like type B type type of vibe. But they still call them Afrobeat artists. So it's like, it's, it's an umbrella that has been used and it's kind of too late now to be like, oh no, it's not Afrobeat and explaining it and all that. So it's just like we just ran with it. Like, you know what I'm saying? So, so what are you currently doing? Like when you look at your new album? Five. Yeah. What is that on there? It's Afrika Music. Okay, okay. It's Afrika music. But obviously if you go on the A genre, they'll say it's Afrobeats. You know what I'm saying? But it's African music, like the song of Victoria Monet. It is not Afrobeats to me. It's like Afro r and b song of Becky G is like, kind of like Latin, but we, our music sounds alike anyway, you know what I'm saying?


But definitely like you have original Afrobeat David o songs on there. But what I'm saying is that that's just the umbrella used. You know what I'm saying? So my piano is from South Africa and that I know that. So South Africans, since time always had great dope music. And funny enough since earlier in my career, I've been collaborating in South Africans like very early in my career. So my piano came in like five years. Like to my knowledge, it's been going on there like since time. But like it became like everywhere in Africa five years ago. And then definitely, you know how Nigerian we tapped in with the sound too as well. You know, I was working with they producers and one thing about Nigerian producers, they can adapt, they can make, they could remake anything and make it sound like, you know what I'm saying? Six. So all We got more with Davi though.


When we come back, it's The Breakfast Club. Good morning. Morning everybody. It's DJ Envy. Just hilarious. Charlemagne the guy. We are The Breakfast Club. We're still kicking it with Dave Do DeVito. He's in the building now. I know you are such a huge fan of 50. Well, why didn't you sign with Fifth? Was that An option? I didn't even know. I didn't meet him the first time I ever saw 50. I was a kid in Vegas. I was like, can I have a picture? He was like, no. He said, no, for real. No. Looked at me and said no. Like, looked at me. I was a kid 'cause my, my brother was turning 21, so my dad took everybody to Vegas, but I'm like 14, I can't do nothing. So they doing their own thing. So I just seen him in the lobby And I, I actually used to love Lloyd Banks. That was actually my favorite. And so I saw him And I went to him. I'm like, ah, Lloyd Banks.


Ah. And I took a picture of him. Then I saw 50 And I went to him. I'm like, ah, with my accent. Then like Nigeria said, wow, 50 cent, I love him, but can I have a picture? No. And I just walked off. Did you tell him about that when you met him that later on? Yeah. I told him, What'd he say you hear now? Right? And then I met him, like I seen him in New York and they brought me out And I remember Brought out, yeah. And then, yeah, we doing London together with, with Ma j Blige and the stadium. Amazing. And then, yeah, and then like, they saw like the, they saw the reaction of putting me on the tour. He like, yo, I want you to come on more days. This, this little boy lit. So it just, it's a good feeling, man. That's what's up. Another person that you collaborate with that I, I love each and every song. Chris Brown. I always see when you talk about it, love Chris, You know it.


But you know, one song that I love that I felt like completely went under the radar because it was so both of y'all was doing so much stuff at one time was blowing my mind. That was y'all first, that was y'all first single together, right? That was, That was testing, testing, testing. A song like that You tested Testing. Testing. Yeah, like crazy. When we did Blow My Mind, I had met Chris 'cause he was already doing like African stuff, kind of other artists. But I had never personally met him. But he had a, he has a Nigerian best friend, big dude that's always with him. Hoodie. He's full like he's Nigerian. So Hoodie hits me up like, yo, because I had dropped a song that I did for my wife at the time was called Assurance Huge. You were like huge in the Caribbean. And Chris liked that song. So from there we linked up and then I came to America, came to la I remember the first time linking up with him, like he was, was just so cool.


We haven't, I hadn't even done the record. And then we did the record. Then he came to Atlanta And I linked up. He was like, yo, let's shoot the video. And this is all happening in like a week. Mm. So I'm like, ah, is this real? Like, yeah, okay, let's shoot the video. So I, I, 'cause I I've been in situations like, you know how you do like work with American artist? Like when I first came, I didn't even know like, oh, you have to get songs cleared, all that. You know what I'm saying? I'm hand over a brand. Like yeah, they, lemme get that verse. They calling me too. Hey yo, I want some more money. I'm like, what? This is like way before I met Chris, you know what I'm saying? That's a whole nother situation. And then I met Chris and how everything just went. Yeah, the video was everything free, the clothes, everything free. Crazy. From there we just became really good friends.


We just kept on doing music, music, music. And he's been on like all my albums since then. You know what I'm saying? I co-wrote the Under the Influence with him, with my producer. That ended up becoming huge, amazing. And then from there we just locked in and then we just did the sensational. And then Is he, is he on five? Yes, he's there. He is on five. He's on all my albums. He's excited. Now I know that he was on my albums. He is on my, but he just, you know, we was in South Africa together. I was Gonna ask you, did you go to his show? Yeah, I came. Oh my God. It was crazy. Like that experience alone. And it was just a full circle moment for everybody. What's the meaning of a WA Ake a Wu a am I pronouncing it it right? Ake. He's telling you ake, ake you don't gotta Spell it for me.


Telling You it's like a chance. Ake, ake just like, it's just like a chant. Like togetherness, happiness, you know, all good things. You know what our music entails? Like we don't really be singing about deep stuff like that. But we do have deep songs. But I'm saying with this particular record, that's what he means. You know, you, you, you have been through a lot personally, especially with loss. What, what kept you grounded through That race? My family man. Because you know, I'm, my family's very big, right? And what I noticed was that, you know what I'm saying? You know, you grew up in a family since you were a kid. Like I've always been the youngest around. Oh that's little David. That's little David. And then I blew up obviously. And then I knew how many times like I'm like, I'd be so busy like out of it. And then like even go to a point where like I'd be like it with my siblings would


get, The World is constantly changing. If's up to you to decide how to respond, choose to be bold to try something new. Choose to reinvent yourself. That's what Nissan did with the all new totally reimagined kicks. The dynamic new exterior styling immediately announces that Nissan isn't messing around the interior. A completely redesigned cabin with premium features like wireless apple called play and a panoramic moon roof make driving a kicks immersive and exciting. And with new performance and safety features, like intelligent all-wheel drive, the kicks is both fun and safer to drive than ever before. It is the dawning of a brand new era for the Nissan Kicks. Only one question remains. Is it a new era for you as well? Drive the all new Reimagined Nissan Kicks today. Available Features compatible device service and consumer activation of Nissan Connect Services. Package required use only when safe and legal subject to third party service availability For more information, see Nissan usa.com/connect/legal. Apple CarPlay is a trademark of Apple Link Intelligent all wheel drive drive cannot prevent collisions or provide enhanced traction in all conditions. Always monitor traffic and weather conditions


Before we get back to it. I wanna take a second for our sponsor. Stand up to all the hate now. You know, we joke, we debate, we even push buttons sometimes. But spreading the hate, that's never the right move. There's a difference between keeping it real and just being reckless. Let's do better respect each other and leave the hate out of it. There's no reason to hate even in my household. I have six kids And I don't let my children use the word hate. There's no reason to hate on anybody. It's always better to uplift, empower, and make sure that we support. So join us at The Breakfast Club and standing up to all hate. If you see someone getting hate, speak up and call it out. Your voice is one of the most powerful tools there is in this fight. And you can learn more by following at what's up with hate.


Or show your support by posting the blue square emoji and using the hashtag Staying Up to All Hate on Instagram. And TikTok


At t has a new guarantee because most things in life are not guaranteed. Like actually getting that rental card that you requested or your way to turn it out just like you dreamed it would. And someone making another pot of coffee in the break room after drinking the last drop of the last one. Yeah, don't get me started. Not guaranteed. In The World where nothing's guaranteed at t is breaking something new to the table. At t is introducing a guarantee. With connectivity, you depend on deals you want and service you deserve or they make it right. So if you want to know more about the at t guarantee, head to att.com/guarantee. At t Connected changes everything, terms and conditions apply. Visit att dot cov slash guarantee for details.


Check out Pluto TV's, the Black Collective, a free and curated collection of black entertainment, including movies, shows and music. All featuring black talent both on camera and behind the scenes. Watch classic movies like Boomerang Norman and paid in full binge series like Tyler Perry's Sisters in Power and Scream, the latest RB and hip hop music videos all for free on practically any device that's tons of your favorite entertainment that you can watch on your tv, tablet or phone. All for free. The Black Collective on Pluto tv.


Scream now Pay Neville and Upset like Yo Dee, we still your family. Like, you know what I'm saying? Call, talk to your nephews, blah, blah blah. Yeah. And then when my world went dark, like they was the only ones there. Like, wow. You know what I'm saying? Every day. Obviously my wife and her, her family were there, but the only thing that got to us and we both strong, like me and my wife are strong, but apart from that, the people are around us that were there at the time really did a great job. And I only give kudos to my father, you know, like my dad really stepped in. Like he put everything on pause, like the business, everything on pause just to make sure that, you know what I'm saying, we were okay. You know what I'm saying? We got twins now. So it's like, that's a blessing little boy and a girl. And the boy looks exactly like my son that passed like scary.


Exactly. They act the same, the same everything he used to do. Like he does. So like me, me and me and my wife, he be like, yeah, he came back type stuff. Wow. Yeah. And and when you talk about how, how you had to go on the road when unavailable started popping, do you ever feel like fame and celebrity get in the way of like really healing? Definitely, definitely. Like I could see sometimes like I was like kind of, I wouldn't say healing too fast, but like I'm on the road like y'all to say like my wife at home chilling. Like she comes one or two shows, you know what I'm saying? Go back. But see me, I'm on the road, my adrenaline is pumping. I'm seeing in a week I'm seeing a million dollars like, And I'm seeing all the crowd be in the car, they chasing us.


So it's like you're smiling, but it's like you need to kind of slow down. You know what I'm saying? So, you know what I'm saying? That's why things like me getting married, you know what I'm saying? Like, okay, look, you need to, this is how, this is how we got lit last time. And you know what I'm saying, for God to our family, so, you know what I'm saying, slow down a bit. I just be chilling like at the crib and it's like, I'm like, yo, this is not Bad. Like sometimes, sometimes got, I'm like, that's right. It was so, It was so crazy that after I out sat for so long, like I was having anxiety tr like my boys like, let's go out. Like we'll go out Envy, I'm telling you. We go, we go back home, we'll go out with lit the bottles. I'm like, you sleep. So the other day we went to, we had to went to Trinidad for the carnival.


I performed me and my shout dropped the record. So I performed, me and my boys talking in the room. Like I said, I don inside the room. I said, what are you guys talking about? I said, man, boss, we're not having any phone. You've changed, man. Where are the girls at? I said, where are the girls? Then when I get in trouble, everybody run away and leave me to face the internet and all that. Like, ah, like boy and me, women have dealt with me in my career. So it's like, boy, like I'm good on that bro. Like, trust me, like I've seen, I've been at the highest of the highest, the most, the best time is when there's no problem at home. Yes. Yeah, it's called peace. Peace of mind, man.


Not having no anxiety. There's Nothing like that. I went to my, my, my friend in high school recently, so he just got married. So he calls me And I, I'm back in Nigeria, I'm like at home. So he calls me, he's like, ah, David, you know, I just got married, come and come and visit my wife, you know, my me. And we just got this new nice, it's nothing big, something nice, something small, modest, his wife is kids. So I'm like, yeah, I'll pull up. I'm like, yeah, but I got too many people with me now, so let me come like later in the night when everybody kind of like gone to bed. And then I drove to my guy's house, it's low key, me and my security drove blah blah. And I just sat in his living room. His wife brought food for me, me and him were talking. I was just looking at him like this. I said, God, I know I'm happy you did all this for me, but boy, I'll switch this, I'll switch this.


My friend right now, he was telling me, guy, your life is the best. I said, bro, my life is the best. But bro, you don't know what you have. Like just the way you and your wife are even played. You guys are not even, there's nobody knows you. You and your wife can go out. Nobody knows you. Do you understand? Like when my, my situation is way different, right? So it's like, it's give and take. But you know, sometimes it's a dream that I wanted and what if it never happened too? So it's like, I'll just be thinking about that too. What you Wanna play off the Album? Let's do a, okay, let's do the funds. Oh, okay. Yeah. Because those are like, you know, we, apart from like the records you guys here, It's a big dude, I, I know that this guy you got on this record is big. He's the biggest rapper now. Yeah. So a lot of things you guys don't like, for example, you see how when I came out here, we had the air for money follow on you.


A lot of songs that pop here pop or you have bigger songs like the local ones that's like ba like back home, you know what I'm saying? Like, and like for a song like Funs with the du modu, it's always gonna be bigger than a a vi and when they record back home Yeah. You know what I'm saying? But once you get in the radio here, that's what you gonna hear. You go in the stores h and m that's what you hear. But I'm saying, what I'm trying to say is that, that there's so much more music back home that is also being digested that you guys don't really, really get to hear. So, so every time like I'm doing a project, I always keep in mind yes, we have to please the western world and you know what I'm saying? We gotta make money for the label, but we also have to please our, our original friends.


That's Home. That's right. All right, well let's get into Emini mixes The Breakfast Club. Good morning. Good morning everybody. It's DEJ nv Jess. Hilarious. Charlemagne the guy. We are The Breakfast Club. We still kicking with Davi though, Jess. So I'm gonna come to you like, like a real I know African like real American. So da, you done cheating like it is done. Like you I know once I like know you. I said I don't want take No, No, no, no, No, no. I said de M I'm okay. I'm okay. I'm on my envy swag right now. But Can you can add more if you want to. If I want to. I don't. Yeah, because you too much Hala. I have four baby. I have four kids. I have five kids. Yeah. And four women with four women. Okay. You know what I'm saying?


So you ready? You know, so you done. That's it. I wanna go home. I'm sweating already. I'm sweating for you. And certain reasons in Nigeria you can have more than one white. No, there's not certain reasons. It's like if, if you want to, Yeah, A Of people, if you want, you just do it don't have to be a religion. It don't have to be anything like you. Okay. Now for example, the, the eastern part of Nigeria, which is like the evils and stuff, like I've seen a lot of situations, especially like the Nija Delta part of Nigeria. I've seen a lot of situations where it's like multiple wives. Like my uncle that the governor, he got two wives, you know what I'm saying? I have another uncle that his, all his wis live with him. Like they be playing with each other And in the cri, but he's Christian. Oh wow. You know what I'm saying? So how much money you got though?


He's very rich. Exactly. You know what I'm saying? But Emini here that that don't mean nothing. You know what I'm saying Here, Dude. But they still wahala uncle hold the money. They still wala. Do you understand? I would rather go and live with how my other guy is living. You know, maybe because I've, maybe I've had bad experiences, you know what I'm saying? Sometimes the experience is the best teacher. You feel what I'm saying? It's just never not worth it. Because when it happens, I know how many times when we was in having on the Ys in Miami having the best time. And then when it happens, what you gonna be saying? Damn, I shouldn't have gone. Yeah. I should have Stayed in my And I the worst. But we Not talking about that though. We talking about having I'm game. No, not cheating. If you're able to have another wife under the laws of Nigeria.


Yeah. Would I? Yeah. No, no, not now. I don't believe you. He said Africans are only telling the truth and they say no, no, no, no. It gotta be more than one though. You said one long though. You didn't say, man, I'm two man. Like I, I blew up my first song blew up when I was 17. Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah. I'm with you have one woman that's the most beautiful thing in The World. A beautiful family. Nothing better than that. Yeah. Get that man up A paper towel. Listen, I was expecting you, I was expecting you to come in here a little chubby though. 'cause I know your wife is a chef too. I was say she got her own thing going. So when you I actually gained, I just got back on the road. So like, the thing about me when I'm active, I lose weight quick, but, And I gained weight quick too.


So it's like when I'm home and the kitchen's right in front of oh boy, she cooks everything. Like I was gonna ask, being on the road, do you have any anxiety? 'cause you're leaving your family again and leaving your kids any anxiety like Yeah, When I was, yeah. Leaving this time and like, you know what I'm saying, just natural, you know, family stuff, you know what I'm saying? Like, I'm like, babe, I'm on the road, I'm on the road. But it's like still have to handle stuff back at home as well. Yeah. And just balancing it, you know, it's, it's, it's crazy but I feel like you can balance it. I'm not the first person to be married and be a superstar with Yeah. Career. Nothing happened. You know what I'm saying? Emini here, things happen. But you know what I'm saying? I've seen people way more success than me. Way more success than me handling. So I bet you since you've been married and you know, really devoted to your wife being faithful, I bet you've seen your life just go up, up, up, up, up.


I'm telling You like everything. Like I'm, every time. No, my wife has always had this thing over me since we were young. Every time I fight her, something bad happens. Something bad happens to my, my business just, Oh damn. I Saw. So if I fight as you say, you're fighting me, Abby, don't worry, SHA your album is coming. You want to fights me. No, I'm telling you because it's like she has that grace, you know what I'm saying? Like, like everything, you know, my kids, my, you know, she don't have all my kids, but you know what I'm saying? Yeah. Like my kids love her. You know what I'm saying? Especially my daughter love her, her. So I'm just happy to see like, growth. There was a time I was scared to even bring my other kids around her, you know what I'm saying?


So the girl just made me understand like, you know, I didn't even have to tell my daughter like, oh, this is your, she kind of just like, It just happened. She just got it. You know what I'm saying? And the next thing, we was in Bahamas and my wife braiding her hair. I'm looking in the girl house, I'm looking in the room like, Yes. How long you and y'all been together for a while, right? Like eight Years? Yeah, like before we got married we was together like 11 years. Oh yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah. School, you know, men in school, girlfriend. And then we got married. We were meant to get married. That's The best man. Oh, y'all were young. Like you was young when you married? Yeah, Every time she was like, I was, well I was 18. Yeah, She was 17 in school and then we just finished school together. Oh Yeah. Emini here. If you all without Wise been since in school.


Yeah. 16, 15, 26 years. How was the relationship with the big three three, you know, yourself, Burna and, and Wizkid kid? What's the relationship like That Emini here? We don't have, we don't have personal, I don't have a personal relationship with them. I did, you know, at some point in time. But I feel like the culture is just so big. You know what I'm saying? And the conversation is bigger than the big three right now. And that's the honest truth. You know what I'm saying? There's real, there's Ira Star, you know what I'm saying? There are so many artists for us to just really make this thing about, you know, us. I feel like right now, we all three of us understand that's bigger than us and you know, whatever it, it takes for the culture to grow. Whichever we, you know what I'm saying?


What Happened between you and Tiwa Savage? Man, I know y'all were like really, really Close like that. That's my sister man. She cool. Okay man. Like I said, you know what I'm saying? Even with the big three question you asked me, you know what I'm saying? I remember when all of us, you know what I'm saying, coming up together, you know what I'm saying? Me and ti used stay in the same house. Yeah. That's like, man, that's big. Si. Like, you know what I'm saying? She saw me as a youngin, you know what I'm saying? But the situation with Tiwa was, you know, was like kind of personal, you know what I'm saying? Yeah. You know, she's, she's very, very good friends with my, the, the mom of my daughter. Mm. My first daughter. Mm. Which, you know, we, we were in court having custody and stuff like that. Yeah. So I just felt like, you know what I'm saying, you my help, like Take Sides, see my daughter, that type stuff.


So we just got in a little argument. It was nothing, you know what I'm saying? It was just like brothers and sisters arguing. You know what, I'm y'all cool now. I haven't seen her since then to be, to be honest, but she did reach out and you know what I'm saying? So Okay. Probably if it happens, it happens. And I know bad, but I love her. You know, I love her child And I saw him grow up. Yeah. You know what I'm saying? She's an amazing person. She changed the game for females, you know what I'm saying? She'll always have that respect. You know, that's my sister. Like yeah. I would never let nothing happen to her. Right. She knows, you know what I'm saying? What about Wizkid kid? Do you love Wizkid Kid? That is not his sister's name. That's not his sister. I'm just asking. I love everybody man. Well, The album is out on April 18th, which 18th? It's Dave Do ladies and gentlemen.


That's, is it Dave? Do David o what is it? You Just talked to this man for a whole hour And I be saying his name wrong. He a different way. He says David OI If you Go to, if you go to South Africa, they're like Dave do, Dave do, if you go to Nigeria, it's David. If you go to Paris, DDO. So my name is David obviously. So In different parts Of The World they say David different ways. David, David, I'm like, yo, just bring that check man. David is The Breakfast Club. Good morning, let's get to the latest with Lauren. Lauren Become straight Fat off. She gets them from somebody that knows somebody. Well, She gets the Details. I'm the home girl that knows a little bit about everything and She be having the latest on Lord the latest when Lauren la sometimes she have facts, sometimes she have details, sometimes she have a little bit of everything.


Well, it's the latest on The Breakfast Club. Talk to me. Okay y'all. So I did some digging on this Bow Wow. Marion thing. Okay. What? Because I was trying to Figure out what I know. Two, I was Trying to figure out why and kind of where this started. Yeah. And there's no real beginning point, but I think I kind of zeroed in on one. And y'all are a big part of the problem. Mm. Who is y'all? The Breakfast Club. Just with the mess. No, this is before Jazz. Don't do that. Yeah, absolutely. Honestly, we're going because you're gonna hear you a lot of you in the audio. So Omarion, this A slow news day. Boy. No, this was important to me. Wow. This was important to me too because y'all kept mentioning the clip of Bow Wow. And or of Omarion saying something about Bow Wow. And I didn't have it, so I need to have it. Okay. Okay.


You weren't, I'm, I'm here with you. Your, your wig is different than the last hour. Like change. Now we giving t-ball. Now y'all know this is Lawrence. Now y'all know this is Lauren's wing yo Maker. Yo. So my creep head is crazy. Yes, go ahead. Yo, what you did, everything they said about me, they really wanna say to you. Yeah. No, no, no baby. All right. So wait, where am I starting now? Okay, so 2016, April Jones and Omarion split six months later am Omarion came here to The Breakfast Club and spoke about the split for the first time they did like a, a post on Instagram, but he had never sat down and did an interview when they split Bow Wow. Tweeted like, yo am Omarion, let's go to the strip club, let's knock down some girls. Let's, and people was like, what?


Why would he do all that? So let's take a listen to what Omarion said here on The Breakfast Club in 2017. Now when Bow Wow did that, did you text him like, bow chill out because if we get back together, she's not gonna let you at the wedding. Nah man, you know, nah, I didn't, I thought it was kind of whack, you know, he didn't really have no regard or no respect for the position that I was in. You know what I'm saying? So we, whatever I was going through, you feel me? You supposed to support that. I'm Glad you said that because I thought it was wack too. Well he might have looked at it differently. He might have looked at it to the fact that damn Omar might be effed up the party me, text me, don't put that on the ground. The party he de you have called and check on you. But come on bro. I don't think it was Val. I don't think it was he, I thought it was wack too. And then I then your girl probably like, oh what you told Bow Wow, y'all about to go have fun.


It Was probably a remark or something like that. But I'm just saying like, look at the position you put me in. You Smoked Since then. Nah, nah. But you know, that's still the bro, you know what Emini here, we, we, we made a lot of money together, you feel me? We got a lot of history together. Didn't they do a whole album after that? And I believe after that, now listen, that has been a pattern of the airs. It's like this all will happen. But then they still on the millennium tour because then in October, 2021 after this of course Bow Wow got online and was mad at the Millennium tour. He didn't say oh Marion's name, but he said he was carrying people for a while. His set was short, he was off and him and Chris Brown were leaving the tour. Then on Marion had to come out and say, nah, I got on the phone. Bow, Wow, we good. So then they went back to the tour And in February, that's when those, February 27th of this year is when those tweets happened that I was telling you guys about in the last hour when Baba was like, what tour?


And he didn't need to talk to Omarion. Basically I'm doing all this to say Charlamagne, you've really been the problem. Yeah. Let the record show. Lauren and Jess are both for 33, right? I'm Yes, I'm 33. Yes. So this situation is like their Jay-Z and Nas. It's like they're Biggie and Tupac. It's like they're Kendrick and Drake. They're so into this beef. They cannot believe Omar and Bow. Wow. We did two hours on Bow Wow. And I, Mario there's no new new Diddy News. He is, there's No, we had, we have some other stuff, but we had the, we had the Viola Davis communion wig. You are killing me with this walking hard girl. Anyway. Anyway. But all that, them two are the example of two brothers who, they may not speak but they know how to get money. They know that they know how to make money together.


A hundred percent. Yep. Smart. And that's just what that is. That's smart. And I just need, I wanted to make sure that I had that timeline right. It was just sitting deep in my soul. And that's why it's complicated. By I said it's complicated. Thank you. That's his girlfriend or so hilarious. Should in your eyes. No, not at all girl. Me Neither. I didn't, you Should never refer to a relationship with a man's complicated. God Damn It can be Men got feelings too. Ray V. Yes. Next hour we gonna do more Bow. Wow, Ari, just Ask friend. It wasn't supposed to take this long. Just ask him. Y'all keep asking and keep going. Then he Jay-Z Nas. Yes. All right Aretha, That's it. I don't even have time for nothing else. I was gonna do the, we gonna go to B Billboard And I got a Wendy Williams exclusive in the next hour.


Okay. All right. Okay. Charlene. Yes. You cannot look at him and be like, Hey Leonard. Hey Laverne. Hey Laverne. Go get two. Laverne Leonard Laverne McKelvin put your wig on. I love it. Matter of fact, We is giving You see how unbothered I am? I see. Yes. Okay, hold on, hold on. That wig lay the Edge is better. Lay the edge is better on the side. I don't want to hear nothing from you about laying any edges better. How dare you? Now I'm insulted. Oh my God. Y girl You ain't got no part Akina. You ain't got no part in your wig. Come on, Just please. No, no, no, no. Keep going, keep going. Come on.


Ey, keep going. Akina. Sampson needs to come to the front of the congregation. We would like to have a word with her. She's from St. Petersburg, Florida. She needs to know McDonald's isn't dying for her. Are y'all having, are y'all having a wig off later? It's A wig off baby. His wig could never sit with mine. It's not a wig. Anything. That's your wig ain't sitting your wig like this. Your wig being hit like this every day. Oh my God. Oh My goodness. Dunk the days up next. It's The Breakfast Club. Good morning. You're kicking out The Breakfast Club. Make sure you tell him to watch out for Florida. Man. The craziest people in America come from the Bronx and all of war.


Yes, you Are a donkey. The Florida man attacked an ATM for a very strange reason. It gave him too much money. Florida man is arrested after deputies say he rigged the door to his home in an attempt to electrocute his pregnant Whites. Police arrested an Orlando man for attacking a flamingo. But The Breakfast Club bitchy donkey Other day with Shalam. Hane to God. I don't know why y'all keep letting him get y'all elected. It. It ain't, it ain't it ain't me Duval, it's them. Okay. Florida donkey today for Tuesday, April 8th goes to a young woman named Akina Sampson. Okay. Akina is a 31-year-old woman from St. Petersburg, Florida who works at one of the greatest institutions of all time McDonald's. Okay? I am not about to sit here and do a commercial for McDonald's. Okay? You can say what you want about McDonald's, but they have been around since 1940.


It has 36,000 restaurants in over a hundred countries and they serve 69 million customers daily dropping a cruise bombs from McDonald's. If that's not an institution, I don't know what, it's okay. Super supersize me ain't stop nothing at some point. We have all had a love affair with McDonald's. Okay? My go-to was the two cheeseburger meal with an orange drink and I'm old enough to remember when it was 2 99, 3 14 plus tax. What was your go-to Jess? The same Thing. The two cheeseburger meal. Three 14. What about you Heavy? Mine was the same, but it was 3 24 in New York. $3 24 cents. Okay. McDonald's was the place that we would all hang out after the football games. Drop on the cruise bombs to the Berkeley stacks amongst corner South Carolina all day. I have a lot of love and great memories connected to McDonald's and there was nothing like, you know, having a homie working at Mickey D's because they would always bless you with free food.


That's what it was a blessing. Okay. That's what it was a blessing. All right. But Aina Sampson didn't have that giving spirit. Okay? Aina is clearly not the homie you want working at McDonald's if you looking to get something free. No. Okay, Akina is there to protect McDonald's at all costs. All right. She a 17-year-old customer got choked out by Akina after she stepped behind the counter to take some ranch dipping sauce after not being helped by employees. Now we have all been at a fast food restaurant and been frustrated by the service, but that doesn't mean you can take matters into your own hands and go behind the counter and do their job for them, okay? This little entitled ass teenager took they ass behind the counter to get some ranch dipping sauce.


And Akina, according to police reports, grabbed her arm when the team tried to break free Akina, allegedly grabbed her by the neck and took the girl to the ground. Sounds to me like the big show's finishing move. Remember that showstopper choke slam big show used to do. That's what seemed like happening in this situation. Now I know what you're thinking. How many ranch packets did the victim secure? Well the police reports does not reveal that information, but it did reveal that the victim had visible injuries to her neck and left elbow. The incident was also captured on video. Akina was charged with child abuse. Now you probably saying yourself damn Akina, did you have to do all that for some McDonald's ranch sauce? I don't know if McDonald's ranch sauce slaps, I've never had it.


Anybody ever had McDonald's ranch sauce here? Yes, it slaps. Definitely slaps. Okay. Okay. Now if it was Polynesian sauce, Chick-fil-A sauce, we probably could understand. But McDonald's ranch, I'm not sure, just said it slaps, I'll take her word for it. But it's not about what the team did that got her choke slammed. It's the principle. As much as I have to give a keen to this, he haw because there is a part of me Emini here. As much as I have to give a keen to this, he haw. There is a part of me that's like per, that's it. What is it per, what is it per What's Per, per per. What's that? That's, That's just clock it. Like that's The tea. Okay. Okay. He wants to be a woman so bad. Yes honey. Someone has to teach these yns a lesson.


Okay? Where was this? 17 year old's home training. There is cause and effect. The 17-year-old was the cause and effect is a keen choke slamming her and being arrested and charged with child abuse. And now she's about to lose her job at McDonald's. Okay? She is clearly missing her calling as nightclub security. But I digress. Look, customer service 1 0 1, if a customer breaches protocol, especially a minor throw hot fry grease on them. No, the appropriate response is to call management our security. Our security, okay. Don't resort to physical violence because McDonald's wouldn't frontline for you like that. And you should never under any circumstance risk your job freedom and a young person's safety over a condiment.


I know, I know that 17-year-old was risking it all too. But they 17 you 31, you should know better Now once again, you got a child abuse charge, which is gonna look nasty on your record and you lost your job at Ronald McDonald's house. This situation makes the ice cream machine always being broken. Seem like good customer service. Please give Akina Sampson the biggest Seahawk McDonald's. They dying for you bro. Yeah, that's a lot. That's extra. Just call the police. I will. I will say this though, a lot of people that work at fast food jobs take their job way too serious. Yeah, definitely. If I want an extra packet of ketchup, please give me an extra packet of ketchup.


That's, I agree it, you know, if I say, hey, can I have extra ke ketchup? That doesn't mean one packet. Gimme four or five. If I asked for an, an additional, you know, sweet and sour sauce. Yeah, gimme one or two. Gimme two, three. I'm telling you, you know what Emini here, I used to work at McDonald's. I used to give them packets away like Testa on a corner. Yeah. 'cause it's not, it's, it's just hoarding them ketchup packets probably sit there for months. Yes, they do. They do at a time. Just take, take it too serious. If, if I want my, my fries to overflow. Right, the fried container. Right. You know, like give me a little extra And it's not coming out of our money isn't like we not buying as employees. Like we're not buying the sauces out of our money. So it's crazy. Be a cheerful giver. Yes. When you work at these fast food establishments. I'm just saying You look like Jennifer Lewis.


Thank you. Yes. Deta on American Idol. That's when she, that when that's before she started Noah. Jess told me off as you told me. I looked like a broke transgender. I did not say, I did not say you were like a broke transgender. That that's what you said. Because I don know how that's what The Brooklyns look. That's what you said to me As opposed to the rich Ones. Okay, that's what you Said to me. But no, I said you look like an old ass trans woman. That's what I said. Same Difference. Looked like you was marching in the sixties. That's what looks like. That's what that wig is giving right now. Well Did you know what we had to go through in the sixties? I'm if you had dogs sicked on you and hose is sprayed on you and marching in a hundred degree weather, you would look like this too. You think your wig supposed to look priming proper while you marching? I just said Just look like while You Dominican don't know our struggle. Dominicans do not know our people struggle. I'm Ain't celebr ain gonna catch you tonight if you see this wig on you.


All right. Emini here tomorrow. Tomorrow morning. What is wrong with her? I didn't mean to say tonight. He cash you. He gonna cash you tomorrow afternoon. Sorry. What is wrong with y'all? All right, thank you. That Donkey of the Day. He looked just like a bitch When I said this Here. Excuse me. He gonna what? To watch Tonight. Like Watch tonight. Why I gotta be doing costumes at night? I really, I am a lazy. Yeah, I gave, oh my god. People talk to me during regular office. Oh my god. Charlem wanna be a woman so bad. All right, now let's, We're all part woman. 50%. It took, took 50% woman, 50% man to make us.


Oh, So it's woman in you? Yes. This Wig really has him feeling himself. All right. Alright guys, can we focus, can we focus classroom? Can we focus? Okay. Okay. All Right. What in the tree Are you talking about? That is crazy. Uhuh. I wish I could see his wig because a lot ofia are like, what y'all laughing about? He has a wig right now that looks like he's a old lady in church. That's exactly what it looks like. That just finished frying some fried chicken and just ready for Where did the, where did the wig come from? Tell the whole context. It came from a wig store. Nope. Lauren's and Lauren's stylist, her wig maker went to go buy you a wig from the store. 'cause she said you are not worth the bundle.


So everything that y'all are saying about my wig this morning is exactly what y'all should be saying to her. But y'all leave me on this island all to myself. Alright. 805 8 5 1 0 5 1. You were talking love and hip hop. Yes, I was basically there's a situation going on between Rashida and Yi right now and they got into it and Yandy thought that she was Rashida's friend until Rashida told her that You ain't my friend like that. It's been really awkward between Rashida And I. We really haven't had much to say to each other. How could you say, yeah, Kirk is my only friend really? So a husband, the one that did you wrong the most, keep that to yourself because Rashina, you know that you fronted and fake like you my friend for over a decade.


Now that, that ass wrong. I'm just kind of over it because we're not best friends. Like some people don't get it because they don't understand what real friendships are or what real loyalty is. I can't help that. So we're asking 805 8 5 1 0 5 1. You ever had that moment when you realize someone you thought was your friend Really? Isn't that is the question. 805 8 5 1 0 5 1 usually ha happens at your darkest time and people wanna step on your neck. So that is the question. Ever had that moment when you realized someone you thought was your friend really isn't. Let's discussed, it's The Breakfast Club. Good morning. The Breakfast Club, man.


It's topic time. Call 805 8 5 1 0 5 1 to join into the discussion with The Breakfast Club. Morning everybody. It's DJ Envy, Jess, Hilarious Charlemagne ne guy. We are The Breakfast Club. Now if you're just joining us, we're talking about something that happened, happened on Love and Hip Hop that Jess was talking about. So break down exactly what happened, Jess. Okay, so Yandy and Rashida, they're both on Love and Hip Hop Atlanta and there was a situation that went down and Yandy thought that she was closer to Rashida than she actually was. Rashida told her like, we ain't best friends, we not friends like that. And Yi's argument is like, yo, alright, so the past 10 years has been fake. Like you ain't never been my friend.


And so I know this happens a lot where you find out that you're not as close to a person that you thought you Was. Now the question is 805 8 5 1 0 5 1. You ever had that moment when you realized someone you thought was your friend Really isn't? So has that happened with you? But I'm saying the name? Well, hell yeah. Yeah, yeah. Somebody thought that I was closer to them than I actually was. But see people get the, the definition of friend misconstrued. Like, yo, if I'm your friend, yo I, that means I've confided in you. I know your mother name. Like I know your kids. Like I I've been to your house, you've been to mine. That's a friend. Now if we're like really close associates, alright cool that, but we're still not friends. I think that yet More, more so like Rashida's, like yo, we


kind. The World is constantly changing. It's up to you to decide how to respond. Choose to be bold to try something new. Choose to reinvent yourself. That's what Nissan did with the all new totally reimagined kicks. The dynamic new exterior styling immediately announces that Nissan isn't messing around the interior. A completely redesigned cabin with premium features like wireless Apple called play and a panoramic moon roof make driving a kicks immersive and exciting. And with new performance and safety features, like intelligent all wheel drive, the kicks is both fun and safer to drive than ever before. It is the dawning of a brand new era for the Nissan Kicks. Only one question remains. Is it a new era for you as well? Drive the all new Reimagined Nissan Kicks today. Available Features compatible device service and consumer activation of Nissan Connect Services. Package required use only when safe and legal subject to third party service availability. For more information, see Nissan usa.com/connect/legal. Apple CarPlay is a trademark of Apple Link. Intelligent all-wheel drive cannot prevent collisions or provide enhanced traction in all conditions. Always monitor traffic and weather conditions


Before we get back to it. I wanna take a second for our sponsor. Stand up to all the hate now. You know, we joke, we debate, we even push buttons sometimes, but spreading the hate, that's never the right move. There's a difference between keeping it real and just being reckless. Let's do better respect each other and leave the hate out of it. There's no reason to hate even in my household. I have six kids And I don't let my children use the word hate. There's no reason to hate on anybody. It's always better to uplift, empower, and make sure that we support. So join us at The Breakfast Club and standing up to all hate. If you see someone getting hate, speak up and call it out. Your voice is one of the most powerful tools there is in this fight. And you can learn more by following at what's up with Hate.


Or show your support by posting the blue square emoji and using the hashtag, staying Up To All Hate On Instagram and TikTok,


check out Pluto TV's the Black Collective, a free and curated collection of black entertainment, including movies, shows and music, all featuring black talent, both on camera and behind the scenes. Watch classic movies like Boomerang Norman and paid in full binge series. Like Tyler Perry's Sisters in Power and Scream, the latest RB and hip hop music videos all for free on practically any device that's tons of your favorite entertainment that you can watch on your tv, tablet or phone. All for free. The Black Collective on Pluto tv.


Scream. Now Pay Neville.


Top reasons data nerds wanna move to Ohio. High paying careers for business researchers, analysts, project managers, and more. So many jobs you can take your pick. What else does the data say? How about a bigger backyard, a shorter commute and a paycheck that goes further. So crunch the numbers and our world famous pickles. It all adds up the career you want and a life you'll love. Have it all in the heart of it all. Dive into the data@callohiohome.com.


Kinda just friends on the show, like for the show. Yandy, you making it seem a little bit more like, like we talk outside of here or we actually our kids commingle or we, I'm up in New York seeing you, you down in Atlanta saying me. It ain't really that we friends on the show for the show, but we Y ain't my friend. Yeah, I'm with you. There's there's people that are friends and the people are associates. Yeah. And like you said, friends are people that you know I will go to bat for if you have a problem with somebody and nine times outta 10 I will have the same problem with the person. Yeah. Because I know who you are as a person and, and when you cross that line, we not friends anymore. Yeah. I look at you differently and we cool. I don't have no beef with you, but I just, I'm at an age where I just want friends in my life that and business associates, either we can make money and cool or we are friends and we could play spades and we could come to the crib, smoke hook or drink or whatever it may be.


Yep. But that's about it. What about you Charlamagne? I can't look at him with this damn Way. My gosh. Now we look like James Brown. Definitely James Brown. I think Yandy and Rashida too grown for that. Like they should know at this point who a friend is and who isn't. You know, I've had friends, you know, cross me and show me that they don't deserve my friendship. Right. But as far as you know, not knowing who my friends are, nah, I'm grown. I know who's who. Yeah. That's what Rashida's saying. Like, I like Kandy. Burris is my friend. Yeah. You know, not you. You're not my friend. We're just friends on the show. Like we're for the show. And I'm shocked Andy didn't know that. I feel like Andy been around the block. Andy Know that. But it's still the show. That's true. Maybe she acting like that for the show. Hello? Who's this?


Hi, this is Toya. Hey Anthony. What's up Toya? Good morning. Where you calling from? Hey girl. I'm calling from Queens. What Part? Hey, I'm from Queensbridge. Queensbridge. Okay. All right. Talk to us. What's your thoughts? So yes, I know about a think or two with friends, not really being friends. Okay. And when you be a friend and you could warn your friend about stuff and they still do stupid shit. So that that happened to you before. So I Have a friend. Yeah. I have a friend And I used to warn her all the time about stuff and she used to try to make it seem like I'm hating on her or she's a victim. And I would be like, listen girl, this is what's going on with this nigga.


Stop messing with him. Don't do this, don't do that. And she'd be like, oh no. And then she'll flip the script and be like, oh, she hating on me, she mad this that. And I'm like, girl, you looking dumb out here. And I'm the only one telling you that you're looking dumb. You telling her the truth. And then basically, Yeah, and then thank you Charlemagne. Thank you. So, and then I used to be like, girl, don't nobody hanging on you. What am I hanging on you for? I'm the one who hooked you up. Okay. And I'm telling you not to be dumb. And you said never being dumb. So did she ever tell you that you wasn't her friend? Yes. Yes. She had the nerve tell people that I was jealous of her had the nerve tell people that I'm, I'm just like hating on her. I want her life, girl. Why want her life for I make more money than you?


I look better than you. Oh, I got everything going on better than you. You ain't really a friend then. How you just gonna, how all this gonna come out at the, you know what I'm saying? Jealous. Because when I was being a friend, no, Jess, he was not a friend. Because when I was being a friend, I was a hater. I I I want her life. Yeah. I want everything she got. Yeah. And I'm like, girl. But you had to humble her. You just had to humble her ugly ass and tell her like, yo, you, you messed Up. I made your resume. I I did everything to you boo I your friend. But if she was you up, but if you knew that, if you knew that, you always felt like that. Yeah. You always knew felt ugly like that. No, Because it's like after a while, it's like when you, when you know a person that you helping and you cool with and you, you know, I call myself And I ride and die for her.


And my man was telling me, leave this girl alone. She's not her friend. And it made me so mad because he was so right. And I used to argue with him every time Toya, that, that Queensbridge, I hear that Queensbridge all in your voice. I just wanna let you know I hear it all in in your voice. Yes. I a good one. And they be Someone I said calling. I'm calling because I gotta figure this out. Thank, can Toya? Hello? Who's this? Hi. Good morning. Can you hear me? Yeah, I can hear you now. What's your name? Mama. Hi, I'm Alexis. Where you calling from? From Michigan. Michigan. Okay. Talk to us. You had a friend that you thought was a friend, but that really wasn't a friend. Yes. So I had a best friend for 13 years and during that time I was diagnosed with endometriosis.


So I'm a black woman, she is a white woman. And she told me one time that I was racist because of my fear and my own experiences of going into the hospitals and being treated a certain way because of my skin color and the way that I look. That's not racist. That's you understanding, that's you having proper historical context of the medical industry. Hmm. Absolutely. So I decided in that, that apprenticeship because you know, even though she's not black woman, I still expected her to support me. The ally, you know, still be my friend. And after that conversation I was like, okay, yeah, no, this isn't the type of person that I want in my life.


So we ended our friendship there. She was the godmother to my daughter. So fast forward three years later, she ends up dating my daughter's father. Wow. Dang. She definitely wasn't your friend. Definitely was my friend. And my daughter's father actually had just out of prison after 10 years because of crazy stuff that he did, including the abuse that he took me through. So yeah, so I definitely learned that that was not my friend. After almost 15 years of even, you know, 13 years of ending apprenticeship and then two, five, you know, two or three years later. Yeah. Still have love for her. But then learning this information, I was like, oh, she definitely never loved me.


Definitely wasn't my friend. Is she still with your baby daddy? Yes. They're still together. Damn. So when you drop your, your daughter off, if you gotta see her every time I don't drop my daughter off because she's not in her life. Oh, I'm sorry. He's not A good father. Oh, Sorry. They just, People, he doesn't reach to her. Why don't you ever look at it as maybe God introduced her soulmate to you so she could meet her soulmate. You a clown Clown. That's the whole baby Father. Because you got a child, you got a child, you got what you were supposed to get, which was a child and she got her soulmate. But she wanted a family That, or maybe God put him in her life so he could ruin her life. Like he tried to ruin yours. That's not what God does, sir.


Look, I, I believe that everything happened to a reason. Everybody learns her lessons. I especially think when it comes to, I don't wanna, I don't want this gotta seem crazy, but when it comes to black people, when, you know, we have a whole spiritual team, we have our ancestors, everything. So when people come for us, I truly believe that you get your karma. Okay? So I don't, you know, whatever that is, she's gonna get that and that's gonna be their life. Yeah. But then that mean that you must have had some bad karma too. 'cause you know, he did you dirty, you didn't get what you wanted out the situation. You see what I'm saying? You know, you know, I'm not, I, he didn't, he did me dirty. But what I got out the situation, 10 years of peace.


I had a 10 years of being to live my life with my daughter without an abusive man in this situation. Mm. Or in fear for my life. You got a beautiful dog out of it. So. That's right. Absolutely. Well everyone, Alexis, so I'm extremely grateful. Thank you. You as well. 805 8 5 1 0 5 1. If you're just joining us, we're asking have you ever had that moment when you realized someone you thought was your friend? Really isn't. Let's discuss it's The Breakfast Club. Good morning. The Breakfast Club. If y'all talking about it, you know, we talking about it. It's topic time.


Call 8 5 8 5 1 0 5 1 to join into the discussion with The Breakfast Club. Morning everybody. It's Djj Envy, Jess. Hilarious. Charlamagne the guy. We are The Breakfast Club. We're asking 805 8 5 1 0 5 1. Have you ever had that moment when you realized someone you thought was your friend? Really isn't? And this comes from Love and Hip hop. Let's play the clip of Yandy and Rashida. It's Been really awkward between Rashida And I. We really haven't had much to say to each other. How could you say, yeah, Kirk is my only friend. Really? Your husband, the one that did you wrong the most. Can you that to yourself? Because Rashida, you know that you fronted and fake like you my friend for over a decade now that dead ass wrong.


I'm just kind of over it because we're not best friends. Like some people don't get it because they don't understand what real friendships are or what real loyalty is. I can't help that. Hello? Who's this? I'm gonna remain anonymous. Okay. Anonymous. Good morning. What's your, what's your situation? Okay, so I had a friend for six years. We still talk, but we fell out one time because I told her to keep her relationship separate from her friendship 'cause her spouse was talking about me on Facebook or whatever. And when we became back friends And I ended up getting engaged, I invited them out to my surprise engagement announcement. Two days later, somebody close to us told us or told me that my best friend was talking about me and saying that I can't keep no man.


Was she gonna see how long? Like damn this relationship lasts. And like I understand that I was messing with her old dude just to keep like people not talking to police. So yeah. People can be safe even though she don't know that. I know I just found out two weeks ago, but she was supposed to be my maid of honor. So I gotta figure out how to bring that up to her that I know that you was talking about me. 'cause I never talked about her ever. Oh Girl. Oh, this ain't not figure out. You just tell her. The person that told me is close, like very close in our circle. And it's kind of hard because she says she don't care, but it's like a whole family dynamic thing. All right. So what she shouldn't have told you, she ain't want you to say nothing and you shouldn't have, you should have covered your ears if you wasn't gonna say nothing.


I don't care. You supposed to know this. You supposed to find this out. Ain't no way that you gonna feel good. Yeah. Up there standing in front of your husband about to say yes. And this conniving clown ass woman's right behind you as she was just talking about you. No, you don't get to stand next to me. No, I know. And I feel I, it, it, it made me sad too because it's just like for six years nobody could talk about my best friend at all. Exactly. So you thought that, But they had to turn around and we only wasn't talking for like two months. That's it. It wasn't that serious. Like I felt like it was a respect thing because she a clown. Can I ask a question? Keep your relationship and your friendship separate. May I ask a question? Please? Why Are you talking like that yo? Yes. Is there any truth to the, you know, you can't keep a man thing.


Oh baby, I can keep a man. I just didn't want a broke man talk that Tree. Hello? Okay. Yeah. Thank so much. So yeah, Do you have a man? Thank You. Sorry that her man propose. Yes. She's about to walk down the aisle. Is evidence enough that she can Are you about To get married? Yes, we are engaged. That's right. Okay. What's his bank account like? Uhuh. None of your business. Oh, his bank account is on. Lovely. I just, I'm just asking. I don want's your friend to hate on you no more. I, that's all I'm just asking. Oh, please. Thank you mama. Thank you for checking in. I feel like it's Been Hayden. Thank you. Thank You. Bye-bye. She's Ben Hayden. That's the only 20. She lying. I nigga broke. Oh my god. Yo, why you saying that? Show me you wanna be a bad bitch. So bad. So bad.


Well, bad bitches don't wear them wigs. He look like one of the Beatles. Jesus. What's the moral of story guys? What about your friends? Will they stand their ground? Oh, will they let you down baby? I'm TBOs you chili go. No. And in your left eye Wrong with no yo ain't no go ahead. No. First of all, you have one that Anita Baker wig and you sing the CLC song. No. You told me I look like TBOs Earlier. Every time you change it, you change positions. Every time you switch it around, you look like somebody else different. They look like Jennifer Hudson. My goodness. All right, we got the latest with Lauren coming up. Don't move. It's The Breakfast Club.


Good morning. Morning everybody. It's De JNV Jess. Hilarious. Charlamagne the guy. We are The Breakfast Club. Let's get to the latest with Lauren. Lauren becoming a straight face Off man. She gets them from somebody that knows somebody. Well she gets the details. I'm the home girl that knows a little Bit about everything and She be having the latest on the Lord the latest with Lauren la. Sometimes she have facts, sometimes she have details, sometimes she have a little bit of everything. Well, it's the latest on The Breakfast Club. Talk, talk to me. Just you Y just Yeah, yeah. No, go. Go ahead. One of the biggest beefs in music just ended as announced on Instagram about like 15 hours ago.


What's that? Nick And Kim? No. Okay. Madonna and Elton John. What? Oh, they have Beef Madonna and Elton John. Yes. What Was that beefing about? So Madonna and Elton John have actually been beefing for what's funny, Jeff, You Resorting back to your TM B Elton John sitting right across from us right now. Definitely look like a black Elton John right now A clown. So first of all, this is a big deal. Okay? Is it? Yes. What were they beefing about? Okay, so they've been going back because Elton John is just a little bit sometimes shady and then throws rocks and hides his hands. In my opinion. Love Elton John. But he'd been giving Madonna HE double hockey six for a very long time. Wow. So in two, it all started 2002. Oh. And John Madonna had released her Die another day song for James Bond.


Yeah. And he called it the Worst Bond Tune ever. And then he, she got nominated for an award at like this award show called the Q Awards. Right? So her nomination was Best Live Performance and, and he stood up while accepting another award and said, since when do we give Best Live Act nominations or awards for people who lip Sy was talking about her. Right. Wow. Damn. But they, they, but he always jokingly ended like, well, you know, but I'm a fan. Like stuff like that. Mm. And then in 2012, Madonna beat Elton John out at the Golden Globes for Best original song. And then Elton John's husband dragged her later on for the win. But again, every single time they try and like cushion it and soften it.


So basically she went and saw him at SNL, she found out that he was performing at SNL this past weekend. She was like, you know what, I wanna go, let's bury the hatchet. It's not that deep. They took a picture, posted it online. She said she always felt like an outsider growing up and watching him on stage helped her understand it and understand it's okay to be, to be different. So she went backstage to confront him and when she met him, the first thing out of his mouth was, forgive me. And the wall between them fell down. So then now they're gonna work on some music together. El Can you name three Elton John songs? I can't, but I know the Shadiness name two. I Don't know Elton John songs at the top. Name one I just said I don't know him off the top. Why you doing that to her? I don Damn. 'cause if, if you know, so you know how like we love the memes And I don't know, you don't be on Twitter, but we love the memes and the black Twitter.


Elton John is the king, one of the kings of shade, okay? Elton John is one of the greatest musical artists of all time. Name. Just because you just, 'cause you can't name one of his Rocket Man is one. I know Powers go see Hello. But Emini here, I don know it. That's from the movie. Clown got a song called I Don who you're talking about. Just like her, first of all Rocket Man. Okay? But I don't know, but it's out in John. I don know John amazing out Just because I don't know the songs off the top of my head. I'm just asking. I don I don Anyone I I would be like, oh yeah, I know that, but Know k matata matata. That's not El John that is that not El Who that that is? No, let me look it, let me Google. What, what you gonna do when, when you, when you realize I'm right, You gonna realize you not just channel.


What gonna do That wig? What you gonna do? Rock it man. Uhuh. Who doing the bending? Which one? Jesus. Oh yeah, he did do a a cool matata. You sure did. No worries. Okay. DJ Vy. Okay, I'm sorry I don't have to in my sata. Sorry. My bad. Well yeah, Matata Nothing. Oh he Did the Circle of Life too. DJ Vy. He didn't know what the Circle of Life. Circle of life with that brown eye. It was life. El Circle of Life. El and Circle of Life. S Right. Bend over. Lemme see that Struggle of life. What? What's stupid? What? In other music news y'all Billboard has released their list of the be the 25 best female rappers of all time.


Yes sir. I printed out the list for you guys and these are staff picks. So people who work at Billboard, they sat down, they looked at a bunch of different things. They looked at body of work and achievements, cultural impact and influence and longevity. Also they looked at lyrics and flow and they came up with this list. So number one on the list, Nicki Minaj, number two on the list. Miss Elliot, number three. Lauren Hill, number four. Lil Kim, number five. Queen Latifah. Number six, MC L. Then we have Salt and Pepper. Roxanne, Shante, E, Foxy Brown, Cardi B the Brat, Trina Left Eye, Meg, thee Stallion, Doja, cat, Rhapsody, Remy Ma, lotto, Mony Love Gorilla, lady of Rage, gangsta Boo Doce and number 25.


Tiara W Who Is Monie? Love Mony. And in the the in the middle Know. Okay cool. How y'all feeling about this list? So, alright, so let me ask the two old heads in the room. What is Queen Latifah's catalog? I know you And I TI And I know another song by her. But like what is, I'm gonna fight you Queen forgot Joints. She got a lot of joints. Okay. Alright. That, that's how somebody else, somebody felt like that when you was asking about Elton John. I tell you, I'll fight in me right now. Okay. You talking about How did you fight? All right, so I know. So I'm, I was more of a Mc light chick growing up. I, I knew Queen Latifah songs but I didn't know if her, I didn't know her catalog was super long like that. Oh alright. Right. Cool. Emini here. It's interesting with this list because you know 25 best female rappers.


My my initial reaction is some of these people are new. Too new to say. Yeah, greatest female rappers of all time. Of all time. But sadly it's always just been a handful of rappers. The biggest thing that's missing for me on this too that's missing was you Two Me a X and Rod Digger. Rod Digger definitely should be on this list. And Mia X. Who's Mia X? Mia X should be on this list. No Limits. Oh Talking, talking about X and Rod Digger. Digger should definitely be on this list. And Mia X should definitely be on this list. Mia X and Rod Digger should definitely be on this list. Rod Digger should be on there. I Can make a case for Bahama Deal. Shoot. I can make a case for China. White can Make a case for Shauna Lu. Shauna? Yeah. Give, give Gimme, gimme. I busy And I know she's new but sexy Ray should be on this list.


Emini here if you got all these other new people on this list, I don't see why not. I don Ain't where little Mama yo. Like y'all try, y'all Thinking about it. I'm thinking about Where man come on man. Where is she at? Yo, I don't know if, I don't know if Lil Mama got the catalog man. Little mama need to be up on here man. I don't know man. I don anything young and man not on here. Like See I don't know 'cause it's only always been a handful of female rappers. When you put together a top 25, you probably gonna have to use a lot of new folks. I can't say anything's wrong with this list. I'll Just say that Mia X Rod Digger should definitely be on it. I can make a case for Hamad D but if you do new artist trying to wipe, I love always like White sexy should be on there if you do a new artist.


The amount of records she put out Who? Sexy Ray. Oh Yeah, definitely, definitely. Tink should be on there. If you talking about artists that you know Tink Tank Do T Rap. Yeah. Tink ain't solely a rapper though. She's r neither Doja cat either though. Yeah, Doja Cat isn't, you know, but you But do All of these lists of fours that do exactly what we doing right Now. Just have discussion. That's what we're doing. Because I would even change the order. And I Was gonna say, how do y'all feel about the first three? Nick should like, Should be top Five. Nick should be number one. Yeah, I I I like Nicki being number one. I like Missy Elliot being number two. That that's creative. That's If you basing this off lyrics though, mc light would probably be number one. Mm. I think Nicky's still number one.


Not over light. Nah Nicky number one over. 'cause it's Not I Nicky number one I like light light too but I think Nicky number one Nick Whole when Nick whole catalog you I'm talking about lyrics. I ain't talking about songs And I'm just talking about rapping. Yeah, I know like lyrics like I think Rap first came out, Nick came out swinging. His body of work is a part of it. Body of work, achievements, longevity, cultural impact, lyrics And flow. Nick is definitely Number one. What Did you say? It's Body of Work slash achievements. Cultural impact slash influence. Longevity lyrics Flow. Yeah. When you track all that, Nick's Number one. Nick's number one. And Then Rhapsody should be a little higher too. If we definitely, I thought Rhapsody should have been a little higher if it was lyrics. Definitely. I think Kim should be number three. I would, I would've argued for Doce to be a little bit higher.


Doce S 24 Tiara wack. Oh yeah definitely. Doce should be higher because you talk about Sure you talking influence and all that. Kim should be top three, Top 25 of all time. Doce already. Mm, Well Emini Here. God dang. Let's Go guys, we gotta go. Alright, thank you for the latest with Lauren. Let's get to the mix. It's The Breakfast Club. Good morning, You are checking out The Breakfast Club. Morning everybody, it's DJ Envy Jess Hilarious Charlamagne Nega. We are The Breakfast Club now Salute to DeVito for joining us this morning, Man. Salute DeVito. When is album come out? Five April 18th, right? April 18th. Same day as Sins movie with Michael B. Jordan and Ryan Coogler. That's right. Yeah. So make sure you go check out DeVito d Vito and listen, I wanna tell everybody, make sure you go get your tickets for the third annual Black Effect Podcast Festival happening Saturday, April 26th in Atlanta, Georgia at Pullman Yards.


Some of your favorite podcasts gonna be on that stage. Man. Everybody been asking me the same questions. If you've been there the last couple of years, you already know what to expect. We got the Black Effect marketplace. We going to have the food trucks, we gonna have the Nissan Picture podcast activation, we're gonna have all of that. And Sarah Jakes Roberts will be on that stage doing her woman of all podcast, Carrie Champion will be there doing the Naked Podcast tank and Jay Valentine will be there doing their RB Money podcast live. So go get your tickets. What what's the today's date? Today is the eighth show is on the 26th. So yes, go get your tickets Black effect.com/podcast festival. Nice. And make sure if you out in Orlando, Florida this weekend, your girl Jess, Hilarious senior guy, Desi Alexander will be there.


We got two shows on Friday at The Funny Bone and two shows Saturday at The Funny Bone. I will be doing meet and greet after the late shows on Friday and the Late show on Saturday. So get your ticket sha. Alright Now. Now I love Orlando by The way. I love Orlando too. That's one of my favorite cities. It's my aunt coming in Orlando. So I used to go there every summer. Yep. It's calm, you know, it's like, it's like the the chiller side to Miami. Yes. Like you go to Miami to turn up Orlando, you go and you relax and and all of that. So yeah, I can't wait to get out there this weekend. Y'all And I be having to go there every year. 'cause my daughter cheerleading competition, like when they do like the big Super Bowl or the Cheerlead. It always be in Orlando. Always In Orlando. It would dance. Be in Orlando. Yep. Yeah. Alright, well when we come back, we got the positive notice, The Breakfast Club.


Good morning. Morning everybody. It's Djj Envy, just hilarious. Charlamagne the guy. We are The Breakfast Club. It's time for positive note. Charlamagne, you got One? I do. And one more thing about Orlando, since it's just gonna be in Orlando this weekend. You know one of my favorite things about Orlando too? What? What's that? Finger licking restaurants. Oh my god, yes. The licking out there. They got A couple lickings in Orlando. They're really, Really good. IVE never been to the one in Orlando, but the ones in Miami. Oh my god, they So good. So, And I always find myself in Orlando more than Miami. Especially 'cause my daughter's cheerleading. So that's why I know that that's dope. And I love the licking look to my Guy e class. But the positive note is simply this, be yourself around others. Okay. The biggest assumption that humans make is that everyone sees life the way we do. We assume that others think the way we think, feel the way we feel Judge, the way we judge and abuse, the way we abuse.


We are afraid to be ourselves around others because we think other people going to judge us, victimize us, and abuse us and blame us as we do ourselves. So don't be afraid to be yourself around others. Okay, everybody going through the same thing you going through? Have a blessed day Breakfast Club Bitches. Y'all finished or y'all Done


meetings, deadlines, emails, millions of notifications. Don't you wish you could just escape the chaos? Fortunately that's where the all new Nissan Murano comes in with available features like the relaxing, massaging seats to ease stress and the beautiful skyline views that bring in natural light. It's like cruising in your personal oasis. And if you need to set a vibe, 64 colors of personalized lighting and a bowls premium sound system. Have you covered? Hands down. The all new Nissan Ronald is your stress free getaway because sometimes the greatest rush isn't rushing at all. Drive the all new Nissan Orano today. Panoramic, Moonroof, ambient lighting, bows and massaging. Leather appointed seats are optional features.


At and t has a new guarantee because most things in life are not guaranteed. In a world where nothing is guaranteed, at and t is bringing something new to the table. At t is introducing a guarantee with connectivity. You depend on deals you want and service you deserve, or they make it right. Learn more at att.com/guarantee. At t connecting changes everything. Terms and conditions apply. Visit att.com/guarantee for details.


Check out Pluto TV's The Black Collective, a free and curated collection of black entertainment, including movies, shows and music, all featuring black talent, both on camera and behind the scenes. Watch classic movies like Boomerang Norman and paid in full binge series. Like Tyler Perry's sisters and Power and Scream, the latest r and b and hip hop music videos all for free on practically any device that's tons of your favorite entertainment that you can watch on your tv, tablet, or phone. All for free. The Black Collective on Pluto tv.


Scream Now pay Neva.


Top reasons your dog wants you to move to Ohio. Amazing dog parks to stretch your legs. All four of them. Dog friendly patios, even gourmet hot dogs loaded with the good stuff. Bone Appetit and Ohio has so many high paying jobs. You'll be top dog in no time. Jobs and technology, engineering, science, advanced manufacturing, and more the career you want and a life you'll love. Have it all in the heart of it all. Go to call Ohio home.com.