
Listen to me. This is Charlemagne to God talking. If you're not on prime, you're missing out prime's. Not just fast free delivery, although that is definitely a big perk. It's a collection of excellent services that help you get more outta whatever passion you're into or getting into. Like right now, I am really getting into past life regression therapy, and there's so many books about it on Prime. So you can order books with Prime, or even listen to content on Amazon Music. Whether you're binge watching the latest on Prime video, listening to music on Amazon music, or getting those last minute gifts dropped at your door with Prime, same day free delivery with Prime customers, get closer to what they care about. Whatever you're into, it's all on Prime. Visit amazon.com/prime Now.


Black History Month is here and we're excited to kick off season four of I Didn't Know. Maybe You didn't either. This season we're shining a spotlight on revolutionary women who redefined excellence. Give Grace, wisher her flowers. Next time you see the American flag, you just remember a 16-year-old black woman helped to make it happen. Listen to, I didn't Know. Maybe you didn't either. From the Black Effect Podcast Network on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcast, or simply wherever you get your podcast.


John Stewart is back at The Daily Show and he's bringing his signature wit and Insight straight to your ears. With the Daily Show Ears Edition podcast, dive into John's unique take on the biggest topics in politics, entertainment, sports, and more. Joined by the sharp voices of the show's, correspondence and contributors, and with extended interviews and exclusive weekly headline roundups. This podcast gives you content you won't find anywhere else ready to laugh and stay informed. Listen on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts,


The forces shaping markets and the economy are often hiding behind a blur of numbers. So that's why we created the Big Take from Bloomberg Podcasts. To give you the context you need to make sense of it all, Every day in just 15 minutes, we dive into one global business story that matters. You'll hear from Bloomberg journalists like Matt Levine. A lot of this meme stock stuff is, I think, embarrassing to the SEC Follow the Big Take podcast on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you listen.


Good morning. USA. Yo yo, yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo, yo yo, yo yo, yo yo. Just hilarious. Good morning, Charlamagne The Guy. Peace to the Planet this Thursday. Good morning. How y'all feel out there? I feel blessed Black and Holly favored. Happy to be here another day to serve our beautiful listeners. What's happening? That's right, Jess, how you feeling this Morning? I'm feeling feeling good. Yo. It, I didn't expect for it to be like whatever weather that was. Yeah. Pretty nasty. Rain, Sleet. Yeah. So I thought I was gonna be late because it was people just moving slow. Then there was accidents coming through. Not like right before you get to the tunnel. There was no accidents in the tunnel, but it was like right before you get to it. So I thought I was gonna be late, but it, it was all right.


But I did not expect to wake up and see all Of that. Yeah. Now, the roads weren't too bad this morning. I, I thought it was gonna be a lot nasty. I gave myself a lot of extra time this morning, but it wasn't too bad. My pops was up at 5:00 AM calling me like, are you safe on them roads? I'm like, yes, dad. I'm good. We all, Hey, yo. Like you still like 16? Yeah. 16. I love that. Still Pops checking on me, bitch. Yeah, it was, it was good. What up, Charlamagne? Well, keep in mind we're a nationally syndicated morning show that is in a hundred plus markets. So everybody else isn't experiencing bad weather. So you need to tell us what's going on. Yeah. So this bad weather in the, on the East coast right now, a storm is hit the East coast, which is supposed to hit us pretty bad. We're supposed to get a several inches of snow. Ba for real? Yeah. Several inches of snow. That's why Charlemagne is home right now. He's ready for the inches.


So Ready. I don't, I don, I don't even think you had to tell the people I was home Emini here. That's the whole point of the theater of radio. You know what I'm saying? But you know, it just That's all Right. That we know you home because we, we can hear it be seat in here. Oh no. They can hear it. That's, We forgotten how to do this thing. Oh God. I'm actually not home. I'm sitting right by envy. Just gave Jess a hug. Good morning, Jess. How are you? Good to to see you. You look amazing. Please Sit down over there. Go over there And stay envy. That is a nice coat. That coat is especially special. Get away from me. I think somebody should steal it. Did you Watch up? You stink. Oh my God. Please get away from me. Go over there. Sit down then. There you go. But yes, so good morning to you, everybody out there. I wanna start the show and say a rest in peace to Irv Gotti. Hmm. It was reported yesterday that Irv Gotti has passed away at the age of 54.


Now, are you allowed to do that since you in 50 cent of French? Are you allowed to say rest in peace to Irv Gotti? Is 50 gonna get upset with you for saying that? Oh My God. Well, he ain't not in no TV shows And I sleep. All right. You Stupid. No. Okay. But on a serious note, rest in peace. Yes, in peace. Irv Gotti Started off as DJ Irv DJ in the parks out in Queens, and then founded an artist named Mike Geronimo signed Mike Geronimo to a label called Blunt Then sound signed Ja Rule to the same label. Blunt Records didn't work and then brought Ja Rule to Def Jam was the architect of founding DMX and brought DMX to to Def Jam. And you know that story when they brought the executives to Mount Vernon and DMX started rapping with his mouth wired and got DMX signed and helped DMX with his projects.


And Ja rule, this projects produced for Jay-Z. Like, can I live, can I get a, which was Jay-Z's biggest hit at the time that crossed him over, helped produce artists like Ashanti, j Lo, Mary j Blige, and a host of others. Lloyd of course. So I just wanna send that brother a, a rest in peace and condolences to his family. Absolutely. 54 years old is very, very young man. You know? Yeah. So the only thing we can always tell you is what we always tell you, just take care of yourself, man. Health is wealth. Absolutely. Okay, dude, this, you know, no, none of us have tomorrow promise. But man, just do what you can, you know, just to maintain, you know, your, your health. That's it. I was, that's all I could tell you. I was gonna call you last night 'cause I know you have super duper anxiety about your health.


And I kept hearing about this full body scan and I'm like, I'm sure Charlemagne did it. Have you done the full body scan? Yes, I did that at Sorin Medicals. Does he, Dr. Puma does that too, where they check everything. I gotta go do that then. 'cause they said they, they put your body in the thing and they scan for everything. They can see if any part of your body or anything is, is outta place or there's a problem with damn your full body. Okay. That's what Dwayne may did. Remember when he found out he had, that's what he did. That's how he found out he had cancer or whatever it was. Yeah. So I'm definitely gonna set appointment for a full body scan. Now I thought you did that 'cause they said that your anal cavity was a little shifted to the right and they couldn't figure out why. That's 'cause of you. No, that's not 'cause of you. That's 'cause you see how you just thrown back at him. That's of you.


Now what He say? I saw, I saw you saw what? Who caused it? I saw who caused it yesterday. Excuse me. I'm not playing any did jokes With you this morning. What happened? I saw who Shout out to number. Don't do that. Don't play too much. We play too much. Let's get the show cracking man. When we come back, we got front page news. Morgan Water will be breaking down what's going on in the news. And Bria Baker will be joining us this morning. Hey man. Bria Baker is amazing. She has a book called Rooted the American Legacy of Land Theft in the Modern Movement for black, what is it? Black. Black Land ownership. Black Land ownership. Yep, Exactly. We gonna talk with Bria Baker north of in a little bit, so don't go anywhere as The Breakfast Club. Good morning, rest in peace.


Irv Gotti. One of the records he produced in his both his artist Vita and Ja Rule. You was killing that Vita verse Envy. Go ahead boy. Envy was killing that Vita verse. Okay. Alright. What? You don't know Vita verse. I do. I just ain't never heard nobody rapping as hard as you was this. Now Shut up. That was crazy. Let's get into some front page news now, some quick sports. Looks like Jimmy Butler is going to be traded to the Warriors terrible trade. This is exchange for Andrew Wiggins, Kyle Anderson, and a protected first round pick. The Warriors gave up way too much. Luther, Jimmy Butler, he's a fantastic player, but it's not like he gonna make the Golden State Warriors a, a contender.


So that to me, that was a, they gave up, the warriors gave up way too much and they gave up Dennis Schroeder, but then he ended up going to Utah. Yeah. Alright, well morning Morgan. Good morning. Envy Charlemagne and Jesse. Y'all doing all right on this Thursday? Yes ma'am. Alright, Let's get into this front page news. This is like an extension of Sports Envy. Like, okay, so President Trump, he's banning transgender athletes from women's sports. He signed the executive order yesterday and the order directs the Department of Justice and other federal agencies to interrupt Title IX rules as banning transgender women and girls from participating in female sports. Let's hear more from Trump's signing of the executive order keeping men out of women's sports Under the Trump administration.


We will defend the proud tradition of female athletes and we will not allow men to beat up injure and cheat our women and our girls. From now on. Women's sports will be only for women with this executive order. The war on women's sports is over You guys thoughts? Not gonna get any complaints on me about that. I, I, I can't even believe all that had to be signed because this shit have never been a thing. I totally agree with that one, but I'm not gonna let that distract me from the fact that Elon Musk literally controls how the federal government pays people. Let's stay focused. Yeah, I would say that too. I just, you know, I always go back to that one swimmer that as a man, the swimmer was like in a 400th place.


And then when she trans to a woman was in first place, and how, you know, how sad all those parents were. 'cause their daughters were training and felt like they were cheated. So yeah. I'm, I'm, I'm I'm with this one as well. Yeah. Leah Thomas, you're referencing. And the order also requires the immediate enforcement of these rules. Now, white House press secretary Caroline Levitt also spoke to the press before the president signed the executive order. And she said, it ends the disgusting quote, disgusting betrayal of women and girls of women and girls by the previous administration. End quote. She added that the Olympics and the NCAA college sports stand to be impacted. Let's hear more from the White House press secretary Caroline Levitt. I Think kids have already been exposed to discrimination, especially young women and girls who have been forced to shower in locker rooms with biological men who have been forced to compete on playing fields with biological men, which is incredibly unfair and unsafe.


And again, an incredibly unpopular policy. He does expect the Olympic committee and the NCAA to no longer allow men to compete in women's sports. I I also do want to say Morgan though, this is a, a, a real nothing burger because less than oh 0.02% of, I think trans, what do you call 'em? Trans men, trans women, trans people participate in sports at an Olympic level. But one is too many. Yeah. There shouldn't be no men playing. It's nothing Women's sports. It's, I wouldn't say it's Another, it's not, not a nothing burger, but it's not like it's a big, it's not like a bunch of men are playing women's sports is what I'm saying. Mm. Maybe they're getting out ahead of the issue before it becomes that much of a big issue.


That's what I was raised say. And then what's that white lady that was like, I don't want your penis in my bathroom. What? That was Nancy Mace? Yeah, Nancy Mace. Okay. Yeah. Oh yeah, your friend. That's right. But she, she's not even talking about women's sports. She just talk. She's not even talking about athletes. She just talking about period. Yeah. But you Knows a whole nother executive Showers and stuff. Absolutely. There's a whole nother executive order that the president signed that would also block the, in incarcerated transgender women from going to men's prisons. But that's been blocked by a federal judge. We'll get into that later. We'll talk more about that in the next hour, you guys. It's a lot. That's your front page news for 6:00 AM Stick around for seven. Thank you Morgan. Everybody. What are I transitioning into now? Oh, get it off your chest.


Yes. Another gay time. Pick. Get it off your chest. First of all. How get how get on your chest. Jesus Christ. Just get vent if you wanna vent right now. 805 8 5 1 0 5 1. Get it off your chest. Phone lines are wide open. (800) 585-1051. If you need to vent whatever's on your mind, call us up right now. It's The Breakfast Club. Good morning. The Breakfast Club. This is Your time to get it off your chest. Whether you're mad or Blessed, I hate the way that you walk, way that you talk. I hate the way that you dress. Everything with me is best. Call up next (800) 585-1051. Not just Me, I'm with the coach of Phil.


Hello. Who's this? Yes sir. You already know. Big do is DJ bipolar from BK and PK out in PA representing, you know what I'm saying? Bipolar. What's up? Bipolar shouldn't stand up. I know the web is crazy in the Poconos right now. In pa? No, no, no. This is South Central pa. Big Dog. Oh. Oh my bad. PA Is an hour from Philly. It was an hour from B. More. What up? Just what's Up baby? Get it off your chest. You already know. Patsco Moore. Mond Moore. I'm just fell in love this morning baby. You know what I'm saying? It's all love. We appreciate energy. My brother. Yes sir. Hey, hey Charlotte. What's up big dog? 8 5 4. What's up Mo's corner? You already know. 8, 4 3. Hey man, I love y'all man. Can I get something off my chest real quick? Please go Ahead brother.


I've Been on here a few times And I never ever shouted out my lady. I want to shout out Sarah Louise Ramos, my baby girl. I love her to death. We've been through a lot, you know what I'm saying? Like a whole lot. A whole lot. And I just wanna let her know that I was thinking about her this morning and when she hit this later, she might just, you know, gimme some on the, on the, on the spontaneous. You see what I'm saying? Hey. All right brother. That's Right. Okay, well Have a have a good One last thing. One last thing, one last thing. What's up on TikTok? I need a thousand followers so I could go live and DJ so you can hear what I'm working with. Please. What, what, what's tell tell 'em what it is. Dj Bipolar B. Yes sir. DJ do B-Y-P-O-L-A. Okay brother.


Thank you. Thank you man. Thank, I appreciate y'all Man. I love y'all man. I love you too. Love your work brother. Appreciate you. Yes sir. Hello. Who's this? Brian B from South Carolina all Day. What's up Brian B You already know what part of SC something. Okay, 8 0 3. I'm Your chest all day. What's going on everybody? Hey man. So I'm in a new relationship, right? This girl, fine, educated, all that good stuff. Everything. I want new woman, but she clean a little bit too much for me And I be feeling bad, bro. Like you ever have somebody feeling right behind you all the time, make you feel like you're dirty. Are you, she, what's wrong with cleaning? But Are no, I'm talking about OCD cleaning. Like I put the counter, I put the cup on the counter, she like Uhuh for the, I'm like, damn, okay.


I, I respect I'm in the bed, she making up the bed while I'm in the bed. Well Emini here, get your ass up. But she don't wanna tell you, you know what I'm saying? But she maybe now, bro, you, you. I don't, I love them getting wrong. But I'm telling you though, like I be like, oh, am I that damn dirty? Like I'm a bathroom The wrong person? Yes, probably. I ain't no, I ain't no dirty dude. But be happy because like my wife, if you have a soda can in the fridge, all the soda cans face the same way. Yeah. All in the pantry. Everything faces the same way in the pantry. So when we get in an argument Emini here, she just spin the cans and just piss off. Oh no turn. I used to just mess with the pantry. I know, I know. Oh, She, she got a blanket on her couch, right? If I move that two inches to the left, she straightened it up.


She, She know it's the same thing. I'm like, how the hell she know I'm over an inch? But they be knowing The women know. We know. I thought, I thought you, I thought she took me to an Airbnb the first time I met her dog. I'm like this place too. Me. Yeah, y'all. Y'all sound crazy complaining over somebody being too clean. Too Clean. It's crazy. I never heard that as a complaint ever. I may be wrong. I need to stop messing up my blessing. You Right, you, you did. I need to vent. Alright, so I'm venting. Thank you Brian. Hey love y'all. Keep it up. Get It on peace can love you too. Chest 805 8 5 1 0 5 1. If you need to vent, hit us up now. It's The Breakfast Club. Good morning. The Breakfast Club


Piece of the planet. Charlemagne, the God here. And I just want you to know, if you're not on Amazon Prime, you're seriously missing out. It's not just about the fast free delivery, although let's be real. That's a game changer. It especially was for me this holiday season. Prime is like your personal guide that everything you're into or want to get into, whether it's binge watching, the latest hit on Prime video, you know, listening to your favorite playlist on Amazon music or getting those last minute gifts, which same day, free delivery prime's got you covered. And here's the kicker. Prime isn't just about getting you closer to your passions, it's about helping you discover new ones too. Got a hobby. You're obsessed with Prime Fuels it. Trying something new Prime helps you dive deep into whatever's next. It's like me being passionate about mental health. You can order all kinds of books on mental health on Prime. My favorite is the Unapologetic Guide to Black Mental Health by Dr. Rita Walker. Prime gets you closer to what really matters, making all times of the year that much more special. Whether it's screaming your favorite movie or getting that perfect gift delivered the same day, prime makes everything easy and stress free. Whatever you're into, it's on Prime. Visit amazon.com/prime now.


The World is constantly changing. It's up to you to decide how to respond. Choose to be bold to try something new. Choose to reinvent yourself. That's what Nissan did with the all new Total Reimagined kicks. The dynamic new exterior style immediately announces that Nissan isn't messing around the interior. A completely redesigned cabin with preview features like wireless. Apple CarPlay and panoramic moonroof make driving and kicks immersive and exciting. And with new performance and safety features like intelligent all-wheel drive, the kicks is both more fun and safer to drive than ever before. It is the dawning of a brand new era for the Nissan Kicks on. One question remains, is it a new era for you as well? Drive the all new reimagined Nissan Kicks today Available feature. Bose is a registered trademark of the Bose Corporation Nissan Safety Shield technologies can't prevent all collisions or worn in all situations. See owner's manual for important safety information.


Black History Month is here and we're excited to kick off Season four of I Didn't Know, maybe you didn't either. This season we're diving even deeper, celebrating trailblazing pioneers who fought for change and shining a spotlight on revolutionary women who defied the odds and redefined excellence. Give Grace Wisher her flowers. She's proof that history ain't all about who gets the credit, it's about who did the work. So next time you see that 50 starred, 13 striped American flag, you just remember a 16-year-old black woman helped to make it happen. So this season get ready to be inspired, educated, and empowered even more. Join us as we uncover stories that deserve to be heard and celebrated. Listen to, I didn't Know, maybe you didn't either from the Black Effect Podcast Network on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcast, or simply wherever you get your podcast.


Hey you guys. I'm Catherine Legg. I'm a racing driver who's literally driven everything with four wheels across the planet. And I've got a new podcast, it's called Throttle Therapy. This season I'm gearing up to make history competing in some of The world's most notorious racing events. Starting at the Indy 500. Join me as I travel from racetrack to racetrack. In my quest to continue a memorable career in racing, I'm also gonna bring you inside stories with legends of sports, new faces from the next generation of auto racing and conversations with the people who've supported me throughout my career. We'll be getting into everything from karting, hartington, nascar, even Formula One. Whether you dream about being a pro athlete or an astronaut. And we're talking about what it takes to make it listen to throttle therapy with Catherine Leg and iHeart women's sports production in partnership with deep blue sports and entertainment. You can find us on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcast Presented by Capital One founding partner of iHeart Women's Sports.


Wake up. Wake up. This is your time to get it off your chest. Whether you're man or black, we want to hear from you on The Breakfast Club. Hello. Who's this? This Is Laia full from Patterson. Hey Laia. Get it off your chest. I just wanna say I appreciate justice stories every time because they keep me laughing even when I'm feeling down upset or mad. They keep me laughing. Thank you. No Problem baby. I love you. I go front when I be doing, when I'm at them, them dance tournaments, I go to Justice Page too And I'll just be laughing and laugh. It just, it'd be all over the place but it'd be funny as hell. Yeah, so funny. Yep. Thank you Laia. Take care.


Hello, who's this? Yes Sir. Hey, this is G down here from What's going on? What's up brother? Get it off your chest. Yes sir. So I got a couple things I want to say, man. I ride down 45 North going towards downtown every morning And I never hear anybody from Houston call in. I would love it if y'all guys can open the lungs a little more for Houston people to call in. Y'all got You act like we blocking people from Houston from calling. Yeah, But I never hear nobody get, actually make it into the call That I don't, maybe they don't represent, I don't know. Maybe you the one that's calling representing. We get a lot of love from Houston. All the Timely right now Houston.


Great deal. Yes sir. Alright, so my thing was, since it all started, they've been saying they not like a song and performance that he did in California was for the culture. When I seen it personally, all I seen was a sage for the state charger. All you saw was what All y'all saying. That's for the culture. That's not my culture. Oh yeah, but that's west coach culture though. Yes. State of state charges. Yeah. But that's West Coast culture. That's LA culture like you know I, I think I That don't speak for my culture, that ain't my culture. Y'all saying that's for the culture, like he's representing all of us. Nah, that's not me. I don't have an argument with that because what I've been having a conversation with about people lately is that I think black people as a whole have a shared lived experience, but all of our coaches are different.


Right? Like your coach in Houston is different than you know what they do in la. So I understand what you're saying. That's Respectable. I can respect that. And also shout out to Jess. I seen Jess grow from doing her skit to doing her stage up her on stage performances. So hopefully she gets some next extra special song. Thank you. I appreciate that brother. Hey, have a good one brother And, and s everybody who listens to us on 93 7. The beat in Houston man. Yeah, Ute to H Town. Hello. Who's this? Hey, what's going on? It's Joe Black from New Haven. What's up brother? Get it off your chest. I just had a question for y'all by the way. Good morning, long time listener. Good, Good morning. I just had a question. I just wanna know, given with all the things that's going on, is it still okay to do the harm shape?


How old are you? You wanna shake something off? What? You get a little something on you. You gotta shake it off buddy. How old are you Son? Pause. Pause. I was born in 1,985. All right, so you are about what? 35 39. Oh I Was you battered dude. How old 'em shake Boy, That's one of my favorite dances. I just want to know at 39 all 'em shake dont be shaking like that. What if find out like that. Damn. What if we find out people was shaking 'cause they was trying to shake the gay out them after leaving a Diddy party. What if we find that out? Okay. Nope, nope. Nothing here. See You always go too far. Have a go one man. Why you always gotta go there with it? Stupid. I'm just asking. I can understand.


Is that why you feel that way? That's what you're talking about, right? He hung up. Jesus Christ. You always hang up on people when it, when it start to get good. You gonna see when it start to get gay. That's what you, You need to Harlem shake. No, I wasn't about to start this day then. But you need to Harlem shake that gay off you. Shut Up man. Get it off your chest. 805 8 5 1 0 5 1. We got just with the mess coming up. Yeah. We're gonna go a little bit deeper into Irv Gotti and the people who you know was supporting him and everything like that. So, alright, we'll get into that next. So don't move, it's The Breakfast Club. Good morning. The Breakfast Club Morning everybody. It's DEJ Envy, Jess. Hilarious. Charlemagne the guy. We are The Breakfast Club. Let's get to Jess with the mess.


Real. Just don't do No She don't. Nobody worldwide. Worldwide on The Breakfast Club. She's a cultureship. She Was able to get y'all to see something and understand something that nobody could get you to see. It's time to set the door. Okay, so I wanted to know how Irv Gotti died. Like what was, what Happened? Or what happened? Yeah. Okay. So as of right now, there aren't confirmed reports of what happened. But you know, yesterday when we talked about this in the room, we had said that there were, it was reported that he had suffered a stroke and that he was on life support and kind of just fighting for his life.


So I'm assuming, but I have not confirmed that that is what happened. But I do know yesterday he passed away at age 54. It, you know, something like this. I think a lot of people are right now kind of taking the time to look back on his career and his accomplishments and things of that nature. So there was a lot of outpouring of love online. And of course we know Irv Gotti and for those who don't know, he is Murder Inc. He signed DMX to Def Jam. He epd DM X's first is Dark and and hell is hot. Ja Rule Ashanti, he's worked with J-Lo, Jay-Z. There's, he's done so much. He also, Barry j Blige Bar Bli, he's also across like movies and television. He had to deal with BET at one point where he, they did Tale, they did the Murder Inc.


Story. Just, you know, a culture storyteller and a person that has, you know, been cemented in hip hop culture. For sure. So yesterday you had a ton of people, like a ton of people posting online. Jamie Foxx posted and said, resting power, my brother, your music, your legacy will never be forgotten. You spread a lot of love and a lot of wisdom that everyone, to everyone that you met, Ru Russell Simmons posted again and said, you know, don't let his tragedy and his death go in vain. He, he was speaking to black men and women saying, you know, care about your health, go get checked up. He was talented, he was beautiful. He was cur curious, enthusiastic. Steve Rifkin also posted talking about when he met Irv back in 1993 and you know, just some of the, the things that they were able to do together.


Ja Rule posted. He didn't say too much, he just posted a broken heart. I think a lot of people were, were waiting to see, you know, how Ja Rule would respond because of their close relationship, Lance Gross, mark Lamont Hill, just a ton of people online everywhere, just showing some love for Irv Gotti. So we wanted take that time this morning to do that. And we do have some of his music. I know y'all got some stories to share too. Well a question Lauren. So that story that they said, you know, he had a, he suffered another stroke and was, was had bleeding of the brain. That wasn't confirmed. That was not confirmed. So yesterday the Hollywood reporter is who confirmed the news they had passed away and at the time they said that there is no, there was no information about what the cause of death was, but that he passed away in New York on Wednesday. Mm. The the stroke information, all that, but is still at this point not confirmed.


But we do know that he had one previously, like five months ago, he had one and he was walking on the cane and his rep had said then that he really wasn't taking care of his self diabe diabetes wise as well too. And that led into the strokes, but nothing confirmed as of yet. Yeah, Man, I loved what Russell Simmons said man to be because, and I'm not, I'm not going to read that thing. I'm sure you're not either Lauren, but I just like what he said because it was an emphasis on, you know, just, just taking care of yourself. And that's, that's what I'm just here to say. Take care of yourself, man. 54 is way too young to go watch what you eat, take your ass to the doctor, take your ass to therapy. And the reason I stress therapy so much is 'cause stress is killing a lot of us too. Yeah, yeah. You know, so just take care of yourself, man. Yeah. Rest in peace to Irv.


God I would say this, you know, he saved Def Jam when, when at one time when Def Jam was, was trending down a little bit when he did the whole Ja Rule deal, DMX deal, Jay-Z and he brought over, he did Ashanti, he did Lloyd. And, and for most people that know, the first beat I ever sold was purchased by Irv Gotti. Oh, that's fire. Yeah. And he put the whole murderers on there, which was Ja Rule Vita and Ty murder. And that's the song is actually on Funk Funkmaster Flex's album. Oh wow. Yeah. So if you ever read the credits, that was the first beat I ever sold. So rest in peace to Irv Gotti and, and the things that he's done in, you know, behind the scenes for hip hop and, and the things that he's put out there. Emini here, he, I don't even know if you know that he did the deal with Cardi B and what's the shoot line that you always wear?


Steve Madden. Steve Madden. He did that deal. Oh, I didn't know that he put that together for Cardi B and Steve Madden. So he was the one that that built That bridge. Yeah. Irv is legendary. You know what you said Envy about him saving Def Jam in the late nineties, early two thousands. Very true. And what I respect about that so much is that he didn't just save Def Jam. I'm sure after he did that it was people who was like, oh, he just got lucky. I bet he couldn't do that again. Then he turns around and launches a whole label Murder Inc. And has tremendous success with Murder Inc. So yeah. Yeah. Irv Irv Irv was one of it once I remember I was watching an interview with him like some time ago. He was talking about how when he first brought DMX two Dev Jam, they thought it was a joke. Like they didn't understand it. Yep. And he had to, he had to do so much to prove it. And then when it happened, he was like, now I would walk in a room to be like, y'all don't talk, just get behind me.


Like, yeah, you know what, Emini here. So yeah, pretty much so. And I, I, I did wanna take some time to just play some of his music, but before We do, I just wanna say this one thing. He was from the era of a and r and executive always in the office. So back in the day, Irv used to always play his new music at his office. Used to be there every day, every morning. No matter what time he got out the studio, he was in that office every morning at 9:00 AM and where we'd be blasting the music. And that's how we got, you know, as the DJs, we would steal the music from his office. 'cause he would always be playing and we would steal it. But he would be there all the time and he would be feeing for new music, new ideas, all life. Who You? Yeah. I used to steal music back in the days. I yeah, I About all time. Why wouldn't you just ask them? Why wouldn't you Just say, Hey Irv, can I, can I share that with people?


Because that was, that wasn't our mix. Tapes ran back in the day. But we're not talking about that Stop until you can go. But stealing. But Exactly. That's exactly why. That's why exactly. You steal, admitting, stealing from people for no damn reason. And wonder why people are always in your face wanting to fight. Yeah. Nah, he threatened me a couple times, but me and Irv, we, we made up later. But he was just a good person and he produced and did a lot for this industry and a lot for the culture. So definitely rest in peace. Irv Gotti. 54 is wild, young to go, yo. It is. That's that's, that's young man. When I put this Lord had mercy, We was talking about in one of my group chats and my friend was like, man, we getting old. I said, honestly he was young. That's not, that's not old. Like he Yeah, like that's very young Emini here. We are getting old. But he was really young. No, we not, we 32 Emini here. We're getting Older.


Lauren and Jess are 32. I don't know why people think just so much older than Lauren. I'm 33 actually. Yeah, but you, You 33. So Lauren older than Jess. Yeah. 33 years young. Yo Jess will be 33 next week. Three next week. Yeah. And I was 33 November. But I do So wait, before we have the music, I do also wanna share, there was a moment that I saw Ashanti dies, posted to Instagram of Herb where he talked about like just living. I wanted to share that moment on, on here. Just his own voice stick. Listen in. I'm gonna start by saying something that I tell my kids all the time. Everyone is born, we all born and we're all gonna die. So in between we live to the fullest.


So that's what I think. So we live, I'm gonna expand on the love by saying I love everybody in this mother fucker. We love you too man. You too Man. I need that long life. I know it's not promised to any of us, but please God let me live a long time. I Emini here. Amen. I'm I'm not old enough yet. Like, you know what I'm saying? Like, you know, they, they say UNC and everything now. No, 46 ain't nothing. Yeah. I need to get to like that Clarence, they want 90, that cicely Tyson 90. Let me touch a, let me touch 101 of them things man. As long as I'm, I'm able to move around. I'm with you. Yeah, I I don't wanna be 90 in in a vegetative state. I wanna be able to around I don move be that y'all Take care of yourselves, y'all be Absolutely. But that's the thing though.


Like, it, it, everything what happens in your life tomorrow directly is impacted by what you do today. That's right. So literally what you're doing right now is what's going to impact your life in the future. So once again, take care of yourself man. Watch what you eat. Take your ass to the gym. Take your ass to the doctor. Go to therapy. Okay? 'cause stress is killing us. Like take care of yourself man. Yep. Let's, let's get into a couple of songs. And also there was a video of Irv two, three years ago and he signed, he's like, this is the most important day of my life. And he signed over half of his masters and they gave him a $300 million check. And he says, this is for my kids. Mm Damn. Let's play some music. Morning everybody. It's DJ Envy. Just hilarious.


Charlamagne the guy. We are The Breakfast Club. Let's get in some front page news. Let now quickly, I just wanna talk some quick NBA Jimmy Butler, he was traded to the Warriors for Andrew Wiggins, Kyle Anderson, and a protected first round pick. So congratulations to the Warriors and the Heat. I know that he been trying to get rid of Jimmy Butler for the longest. Yeah. I don't know if that's a congratulations to the Warriors. Definitely a congratulations to a heat to the heat. 'cause they got a haul, but the Warriors didn't. I think that was a, a bad trade for the Warriors. I think they gave up too much. I I I love Jimmy Butler. I think he's a dope player. I just don't think he makes the Warriors a contender for all they had to give up Now what up Morgan? Hey, What's up is we are talking about Gaza and whether or not the United States will quote unquote own it per what the President says.


So the White House says President Trump's Gaza proposal is about moving forward in the Middle East Press. Secretary Caroline Levitt said the president made the decision about the proposal quote with a humanitarian heart for all people in the region. Let's hear more from White House Press Secretary Caroline Levitt. On the possibility of owning Gaza, The president is committed to eliminating Hamas and securing a lasting piece for the entire region. President Trump is an outside of the box thinker in a visionary leader who solves problems that many others, especially in this city claim are unsolvable. And as the President said, the bonds of friendship and affection between the American and Israeli people have endured for generations and are absolutely unbreakable.


So this comes as of yesterday when the president said that the US should take over Gaza and Palestinians should live somewhere else. The White House press secretary added that he has not committed to sending troops to Gaza. Trump's suggestion has received backlash from lawmakers on both sides of the aisle as well as other world leaders. Now, defense secretary Pete Hegseth, he is promising continued support for Israel. Now during a meeting with the Prime Minister of Israel, Benjamin Netanyahu, he was at the Pentagon with heads Seth. He said that the defense department under Trump is laser focused on reviving the warrior ethos of rebuilding America's military. When questioned by reporters heg, Seth was non-committal on sending troops to Gaza as well as the President as previously mentioned, saying all operations are being explored.


Let's hear more from defense secretary Pete Hegseth. We've supp supplied munitions that were previously not supplied that are useful in eradicating radical enemies. And we are committed to continue to do so. The president in is involved in very complex and high level negotiations of great consequence to both the United States and the state of Israel. And we look forward to working with our allies, our counterparts, both diplomatically and militarily to look at all options. I don't know, maybe I haven't been tapped in like I should be because it's a lot going on every day. But I don't see the outrage about this. Like I, like I thought I would like a Arab Americans pro-Palestinian, pro Gaza people. They were very loud on the campaign trail.


Where are they now? All those folks in Michigan who sat out the primaries and protests and voted uncommitted for Biden. All those folks who would come out and protest Kamala over, you know, the Biden administration's handling of the Israel and Gaza situation. Where are they now? Where is Jill Stein in the Green Party? Trump is talking about ethnic cleansing and it's a little too quiet for me. Mm. Fear. I was gonna say facts. Israeli prime minister Benjamin Netanyahu. Now he tells defense secretary Pete Hegseth, that his nation appreciates the support from Trump's administration. He called Hegseth a, a great and a stalwart friend of Israel adding they are a lot stronger than they've ever been due to the support they've gotten from the us. Now the Prime Minister is also backing Trump's idea of taking over Gaza and turning it into the quote Riviera of the Middle East or what did did you call it yesterday?


Charlamagne. Oh, Mar Gaza. Mar Gaza Mar Gaza. Now speaking to Fox News here, what Prime Minister Netanyahu had to say about Ma Gaza. This is the first good idea that I've heard. It's a remarkable idea And I think it should be really pursued, examined, pursued and done because I think it will create a different future for everyone. So this idea was announced by Trump following what's been going on this weekend calls for the relocation of some, some odd 2 million Palestinians in the Gaza Strip, which has been devastated by the Israel Hamas War. Now Trump said the US could clear out the destruction and redevelop the region. Netanyahu said there's nothing wrong wrong with allowing Gaza's who want to leave to leave the area and come back if they choose to.


The plan of course has drawn widespread condemnation from nations across The World. Any more thoughts on that? Yeah, We knew this though, like we said on the, we said during the campaign, you know, you may not like how the Biden administration is handling Israel Gaza, but you know, at least you can talk to them. You not even gonna be able to talk to Donald Trump. Donald Trump is going to put it is going to be a Trump Towers in Gaza. Oh Lord. Alright, switching gears guys to the West Coast California Governor Gavin Newsom. He met with President Trump yesterday and he's calling it very productive. The meeting with President Trump in the Oval Office was scheduled to last at least for an hour, or excuse me, last for and half an hour, but it lasted more than an hour and a half. Now, Newsom what met with Trump as part of his push to secure federal disaster aid for Southern California and those who were impacted by the wildfires.


Now let's hear more from California. Gavin Newsom on that meeting, just Finished a meeting with President Trump. Had a very successful day up on Capitol Hill as well. Meeting in a bipartisan manner with Republican democratic leaders about disaster aid and disaster recovery for people impacted by the fires in Southern California. I look forward to more productive meetings And I look forward to this spirit that defined the meanings of this day. That spirit of collaboration, cooperation, the spirit defines the best of American People. Yeah, so we have had word that the LA fires have officially been 100% contained, although they're dealing with rain in mud sides of that nature. Right now. The White House has not yet announced the meeting from the pers the president's perspective with Gavin Newsom. But Newsom says he appreciates getting to speak with other lawmakers regardless of their party affiliation.


So thought, What about how long recovery it gonna take? Like trust people to get their houses rebuilt and stuff like that. Or if a lot of people are even gonna rebuild. I wonder, well Interesting segue. I will be out tomorrow and Mimi will be joining you guys. She's more than capable. You know, she's actually based in LA and she's been doing amazing work for the Black Information Network covering the LA fire. She's been speaking to those who have been impacted in Altadena and the Palisades area. So make sure you guys check in with her and get her perspective on what's happening in LA in regards to the recovery aspect of the wildfires. Yeah. Okay. So that's it. Do we got time for one more? Maybe, maybe not. No, No. We have to. All right. I'm gonna just tell those federal workers that buyout deadline is today.


It's highly advised against Wink Wink. All right, that's your front page news. I'm Morgan Wood. Follow me at On Social at Morgan Media and for more news coverage, follow at Black Information Network down the free iHeartRadio app and visit us@bnnews.com. See y'all later. See y'all next week. Happy. All Right, peace Morgan proposed Sunday and all good jazz. That's right. All thank you Morgan. Now when we come back, author Bria Baker will be joining us. She has a new book Rooted the American legacy of land theft and the modern movement for black land ownership. All Right, fantastic book. If you remember, her mom called up The Breakfast Club about a week or so ago and you know, got on our ass because we hadn't had Bria Baker up here, but I don't, I don't remember Bria requesting to be up here.


But her mama definitely requested during that Get it off your chest phone call. So Bria will be joining us shortly. All right, we'll get to it next. It's The Breakfast Club. Good morning. The Breakfast Club Morning everybody. It's D EJ Envy. Just hilarious. Charlamagne the guy. We are The Breakfast Club. Lauren La Rose is hanging with us as well. We got a special guest in the building As promised her mama called up here and said, you better have my baby up there to talk about that book. Okay, Bria Bake is here. Good morning. Thank y'all so much for having me and thank you mommy for making sure. That's why I said is mommy the manager? Mommy needs to be the manager. She don't payroll Now, now Rooted sim is your best friend.


Sim works here at The Breakfast Club. Aw. It was two books she gave me and she kept asking me did I read 'em, did I read 'em? I read this one. Yeah. Because it was interested in me because I'm from South Carolina where this happens a lot. Yeah. In the low Country. And our family's land is in North Carolina. So I I was peeping that. That's amazing. I, I didn't read it but I just, I'm just captivated by the title. What is it about? Thank you. Okay, so exactly in general the book is about black land ownership. The fact that we owned more land a hundred years ago than we do now. And I'm sure the people in this room and the people listening to know land is where you really build wealth. Like property real estate, that's where it goes. So the fact that we've been losing land while white America has been continuing to get these gains means that this racial wealth gap we keep talking about is because of this land loss.


So I started writing this book because my family has land in North Carolina. My grandfather passed away in 2019 and on his deathbed he was like, don't sell the land. 'cause that happens a lot of times. An older black person passes on and they're not sure if someone in the next generation values it enough to keep it in the family. And so it's just really important to us like no, we're not letting this go anywhere. That land means everything to us. There's no price that we will accept for it. But what we have now is still a fraction of what we used to have. Even like my great-grandfather owned and like I'm a sixth generation black landowner. So the first person in my family to own land was my great-great-great grandfather, amazing Louis Baker. He bought land like 10 years after the Emancipation Proclamation was signed. And so to go from that legacy to now it's like how could I not value this?


And unfortunately in this country black is kind of like, they equate it with urban. So they think we only live in cities, right? But most black people live in the south and most black people come from grandparents who lived in these rural areas but were disconnected just around the time when we could have made some money from it. So that's really what I wanted the book to be. It's like we need to be championing black land ownership, whether you getting it on your own, whether we fighting for reparations. But that needs to be a conversation in our community because that's where real equity comes from. I was gonna ask You, with all that history, how do you feel about like land banks and what they do today? 'cause there's like the pros of it. I think people are inclusion and people can get the land easier, but then there there's kinds of like people feeling like the land banks only sell and like work with different people, certain people, certain developers like you kinda get closed out if you don't have a certain amount of money.


So how do you feel about land banks? Yeah, I Think some of the, I love that you brought that up. I feel like some of the land banks are really good and they're trying to get land in the hand of black and indigenous and like people who don't historically get a chance. But in anything in this country there's always gonna be people who are doing it and it's like their way to get cheaper stuff to people who really don't need the cheapest stuff. Like they already good. But I do think that some people are doing it in a really good way where like climate justice conservation groups will give land to black and indigenous people because it's like you'll treat the land better than this company will, right? Like you'll treat this land better than this private developer will. But it's kind of rare to find these land banks that will do it in that way. But again, that's why I'm a big champion of reparations because land banks could be a form of reparations if you dictate that it has to be going to black people and black families who come from this history.


But if we all got to save up the money, scro up the money to buy Emini here, it'll take forever for us to all become landowners in that way. 'cause not everybody has the down payment money. Especially when you're talking acres, that's not just a house, right? Like that's not just a condo that's really gonna cost like 10 k plus per acre that you want. So if you want a lot and to have buildings on it, it gets expensive. So I think the land banks are just a good way of making it more accessible to people. They just gotta make sure it's accessible to the right people. You know in the book you talk about how reparations is a racial and economic justice policy as well as a climate imperative. So how do you outline the debunk common myths about the difficulty of enacting reparations, but also too, I wonder why we got away from wanting the 40 Acres, right?


Exactly. 'cause that's where reparations came from was right after the Civil War is like we want our 40 acres and a mule. And we still talk about that. You know, spike Lee has the production company, but it's almost like we talk about 40 acres and a mule or reparations as pigs flying like, oh that's never gonna happen. They never gonna do that for us. And it's like, why are we defeating ourselves? We have to demand it. To me, anyone in this country who believes that slavery should not have happened should support reparations. It, it should be that simple. 'cause how you don't believe in slavery, but you won't actually do anything to change it for the people who are are, are the descendants of not having benefited from it. Yeah. So to me it's just, that's one of the biggest myths is is just like, oh it'll just never happen. And it's like they give out money. Like it's nothing all the time.


Ukraine got the money. That should have been our reparations. Yeah. Israel got the money. That should have been our reparations like the Pentagon. So the money is out there, they just not giving it to us. Right. And we have to start demanding our fair share of it. Especially because every election cycle they coming around begging for our votes. What are you offering in exchange and why is reparation such a bad word? And then the other thing that gets used is black celebrities actually be, are used as an excuse. Oh you don't need reparations. You got a Oprah, you got a Michael Jordan. Black people are already making money. The fact that you can name them means it's not widespread enough. That's right. Right. Like if I was saying, oh white America has money, I, I think Chris Tucker or Chris Rock, one of them has this like standup where he is like, yeah, in my neighborhood is like me and a bunch of black comedians and then like dentist, A dentist Married, it was married regular dentist.


Yeah. I think Derek GA rock, it's like Crazy. So like how come we have to be superstars to live next door to a dentist and accountant or whatever. Like any black person should be able to access it the same way that white people can. And the fact that you have to be exceptional to get your fair share in this country is ridiculous. I read, I read, I read your book And I hear you talk and you're so passionate about this. Like where did that that passion come from? Like it's one thing to know about something but to be passionate about it and wanted to be your life's work in a way. And You're like a historian too. Thank you. I appreciate that. I'm be so fluently on. I appreciate y'all saying that. There no dates and everything. 19 sitting here like I wonder she, I'm like damn, okay. I'm so weak. Well I will say like I've always been very studious.


So I think I do have that memory for stuff like that. But my mom used to joke like, oh we sent you to Yale to be a doctor. You came back a Black Panther, but you went to Yale. How was that to Yale? It was, it was horrible. I did not like it. Wow. Yeah. Emini here. I think so growing up where Samantha And I grew up in Long Island, but we're in this like black and brown bubble. Everybody's kind of on the same footing. Like I'm the lightest person in the room in long in that part of Long Island that I'm in. Going from that to Yale where I was like, I remember growing up and thinking, 'cause I, by the time I was conscious of it, I got a black president, you know, Obama became president when I was in middle school. And so I'm thinking like minority, that's an out dirty term. I'm not a minority.


Like oh I see when I look around as black people. And then I got to Yale And I said, oh this is where y'all were. Right? Like there there is this white majority. It was a very like radicalizing experience for me. And also I'm going to college at Yale when the Black Lives Matter movement is popping off. So yeah, I just remember thinking I cannot sit in nobody's lab for the next 10 years. Yeah. While we're getting being killed in the streets. And then as I got older, because my grandparents are from North Carolina, I felt like to me activism was the Black Panthers was Angela Davis was being in a city with the bullhorn. But I had to realize growing up that I had been kind of like downplaying the activism of the south. That there are people who their activism was buying land, holding onto it, employing people, giving people a job, feeding themselves.


Even now during the pandemic was the first time a lot of people realize how dependent they are on somebody else to eat if the grocery store shelves are empty, what are you gonna do for your family? You don't know how to grow nothing. And with this reparations movement going, there are black families getting their land back and like it's happening in little pieces here and there. But we can be that movement that brands it together. Alright, We have more with author Bria Baker when we come back. Don't move. It's The Breakfast Club. Good morning. Morning everybody. It's EJ Envy, just hilarious. Charlamagne the guy. We are The Breakfast Club Lauren The Roast is hanging with us as well. We're still kicking in with Bria Baker author. She has a new book Rooted the American legacy of land theft and the modern movement for black land ownership. Charlamagne In the book you talk about returning equity to dispossessed people can heal both the land and our nation's soul.


What are some things we can do to make that happen and And why do you feel That way? Yeah, so I feel that way because America is obsessed with getting, we wanna be post-racial, we wanna be post-racial. You cannot do that without addressing the problem. And one thing that I've noticed is like, I think there's a lot of people in America who don't understand black anger. And to me it's like, but if you address the issue, I might have nothing to be angry about. But when I was in Detroit for the book tour, I was talking about this an eminent domain especially. And there was a black, an older black woman in the audience who was like, yeah, when I was a kid in the sixties, they came through our middle class community and took the whole community. It was like a hundred families there, so many black owned businesses. Took the whole community through eminent domain, didn't build anything in its place for 50 years.


It was just vacant and what that does to a person, she said her, her uncle owned three properties in that neighborhood and she was like, what it did to my uncle, when you, when you spend your whole life savings building this out. Yeah. And watch the government take it. Why would that make me wanna be an upstanding citizen? How can I go from that and want to be like, I can't even be around like it would make my skin crawl to be around people thinking like you did this to me and like it, you know, and as a man, as a provider, thinking like, wow, like I did everything the way they told me I'm supposed to do. And they still took it and they said it's a hundred percent legal and there's nothing I can do about it. There nothing else you can do that will make you angry for a lifetime. So if y'all tired of black people being angry, do the thing to make us not angry.


I promise you if they started giving out reparations, legalize, like there's, I ain't got nothing be, I'm gonna be on my land, do my own thing, I, I don't got no beef. I don't do what you gotta do and like, but if you don't address the problem, it's always gonna be there. So how we get there, there are only, I believe New York state is the third state to have established a commission and a task force for actually exploring what reparations will look like. California already already has one, Illinois has one. There's some cities like there's a city in North Carolina that is also building it out. But it's very locally happening right now and we have to support those things for, so for those who are in New York, you can support that ny, the number four reparations.org New York for reparations.org. And you can learn more about how to support that movement.


Because I think we have to, we have to stop acting as if it's never gonna happen and we have to make it happen. There's a global movement right now for reparations. It's not just us in America. You got African nations saying I want my stuff back And I don't wanna be a part of the Commonwealth no more. You got places in the Caribbean saying, yeah actually I don't acknowledge the British crown no more. And we wanna be, there's this movement happening. Give us our stuff back from the museums, give us our art back, give us our jewels back. We gotta get our wealth back too. Yeah. And we can't wait for, I hope it happens. No we gotta work for it to happen. And in the meantime be doing everything you can to get you a little piece of plan. So that's really where I'm at. I think there's also another organization where is my land.org. They had a successful campaign if people are familiar, the Bruce's Beach in California.


Oh yeah, yeah. So there was like a Bruce, the Bruce family had built a hotel and a resort on the beachfront in LA in like the thirties. And their land was taken through eminent domain. The city did absolutely nothing with it. And in 2020, a brilliant organizer named Kon Ward was like, I'm tired of Californians acting like they're better than the rest of the country and y'all have racism right in your backyard and until y'all give this black family their land back, like you have no moral authority to be telling nobody else from anywhere else, anything. And that family got their land back, $20 million worth of land back. So like it is possible but we have to support it. So I would say some of the easiest ways are eminent domain reversals. 'cause you don't need a President Trump to sign off on nothing. All she had to do was go to Los Angeles County and say, Hey this happened in this county.


Y'all signed off on that. Now y'all can sign off to give it back. They have dozens of campaigns going around so you can sign their petitions, you can donate to support them. There's a lot of people trying to do this work and they're kind of doing it by themselves or they're building these coalitions and they don't have a lot of visibility. So for people who are saying, wow, I've never even heard of this stuff. Like yeah, just look it up New York for reparations. See what the California task force is doing. And if you're listening from another state and they don't have that, y'all should, it's not like you're starting it from scratch. The blueprint is already elsewhere. Say, how did New York do it? Can we learn from them? How did California do it? Can we learn from them? And how can we start getting land back for each other? Have you been paying attention to what's going on in places like Chicago? Like you know, we had Zoe Ma home girl Zoe up here and she's been talking about how the Chicago housing authority has stolen so much land including her, her, her mother's property.


Have you paid attention to That? I didn't specifically hear about her campaign, but I have heard about this happening in Chicago because yeah, in urban communities happens too. Whether it's through eminent domain or they'll take a blighted property. But it's a difference if, if a home on it is abandoned, the land under it should still belong to whoever owned that. They should never be taking the land from someone. Even if they say, Hey we gotta tear down this house and build something up better. Cool. Do that on my land for me. Right? Like if you shouldn't be taking my land. And also in Chicago, I think they were doing pretty good work about the fact that homeowners, like if a black homeowner is saying, oh I'm trying to sell my house, how much is it worth? Their houses are being appraised for like six figures less than what a white family is. Like if you took down all the pictures of your black family in your house and then tried to sell it, they would value it more.


So there are people trying to shift that policy shift tax codes. Why are we paying more taxes in communities that have worse schools, worse roads, no infrastructure. So there's a lot of people trying to attack this from different areas And I think it's all important. Like not everybody needs to move to a farm and grow something, but everybody deserves a piece of land with at least the backyard in the back. There's enough to go around. If Bill Gates didn't have all of it like we could, we could all afford to have a nice piece of something. And this scarcity mindset they try to teach us is we have to push back against like this idea that even sometimes what I see is they try to pit our groups together against one another. Where when I started talking about reparations, someone's like, well actually it's all indigenous land. Well there's enough for us all to have some indigenous folks should have their land back too.


Black people should have some land Latinos. Whether they are coming as workers on the like, there's enough for all of us to have something and in this richest country in The World, why are we accepting? Oh there's not enough to go around. I just don't believe that. That's right. I don't believe that and I'm not gonna ever believe that. And so actually to the point of New Yorkers for reparation, there's a collective, I'm a part of bliss black liberation, indigenous sovereignty. And we're trying to be in solidarity with one another and say, hey, they can never pit me against you. I want you to have land too And I want me to have land too. Mm. And both of our ancestors acknowledged like, there's enough for us to get this, get to it together. We don't gotta fight over it because while we fighting over it, they vacationing on their Wyoming ranch, right? Yeah. They in Hawaii with it. They, they everywhere own the land.


And we fighting for two acres over here. I'm not here for that. There's enough for all of us to go around. Bria Baker rooted the American legacy of land theft and the modern movement for black land ownership is out right now. We can to get at you Bria, Listen, you can follow me at Freckled while black on social media. I also have a website, bria baker.com and the book is in stores everywhere. Don't buy it from Amazon though. We boycotting them too. Right. So I was just about to ask you, was your book on Amazon? It is on Amazon. It is on Target. But we boycotting both of those places right now. Just gave your Instagram name Right? So you can find it there. But meta, meta meta, meta meta. They already DI They sure. And I might be off of them too, so that's why I said the website bri baker.com. That's not all, none of those use it.


You know Justin too. But there's black bookstores everywhere. Get it from a black bookstore. If you're like, I don't wanna go in person bookshop.org will let you buy it from a local bookstore and make sure that your money is going to someone who also wants to see us win. Because buying a book about black land from a company that don't wanna see you own no land is a little crazy. But listen, if you gotta get it, if you gotta get it where you gotta get it, you gotta get it. Yeah, it's in Target too. And Walmart, right? Yeah. Shut up. Stop Shut. It's Bria Baker. It's The Breakfast Club.


The new year is here and you wanna stay locked in on whatever you're into. Amazon Prime is a cheat code. See a lot of people think Amazon Prime is just about getting those packages delivered faster than you can say. I forgot to order that. But really prime is not just one thing. It's all things. A place to stream movies and shows with Prime video, Amazon music, and that free one day same day delivery as everything you need to make the season stress free. Picture this, you're watching Thursday night football and Prime video and the friends are coming through. You need the last minute snacks and drinks. Prime's. Got you. You wanna kick back and chill after the game. Prime Video's got the movies and shows to keep your night rolling. And if you wanna wind down Amazon music's got the playlist to keep the vibe just right. So whether you're hosting, chilling, or just trying to make it through the hustle of the week, I know I'm doing all things above. Just know prime's got your back. It helps you explore, discover, and get more of what you love all in one place. So visit amazon.com/prime to get more of whatever you're into. Whatever you're into, it's on Prime. Visit amazon.com/prime now.


The World is constantly changing. It's up to you to decide how to respond. Choose to be bold to try something new. Choose to reinvent yourself. That's what Nissan did with the all new totally reimagined kicks. The dynamic new exterior styling immediately announces that Nissan is a messing around the interior, a completely redesigned cabin with premium features like wireless apple cart play and a panoramic moonroof make driving a kicks impressive and exciting. And with new performance and safety features like intelligent all-wheel drive, the kicks is both more fun and safer to drive than ever before. It's the dawning of a brand new era for the Nissan Kicks. Only one question remains. Is it a new error for you as well? Drive the all new reimagined Nissan Kicks today Available feature. Bose is a registered trademark of the Bose Corporation Nissan Safety Shield technologies can't prevent all collisions or worn in all situations. See owner's manual for important safety information.


Black History Month is here and we're excited to kick off season four of I Didn't Know, maybe you didn't either. This season we're diving even deeper, celebrating trailblazing pioneers who fought for change and shining a spotlight on revolutionary women who defied the odds and redefined excellence. Give Grace Wisher her flowers. She's proof that history ain't all about who gets the credit, it's about who did the work. So next time you see that 50 starred, 13 striped American flag, you just remember a 16-year-old black woman helped to make it happen. So this season get ready to be inspired, educated, and empowered even more. Join us as we uncover stories that deserve to be heard and celebrated. I didn't know listen to, I didn't know. Maybe you didn't either from the Black Effect Podcast Network on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcast, or simply wherever you get your podcast.


Hey you guys. I'm Catherine Legg. I'm a racing driver who's literally driven everything with four wheels across the planet. And I've got a new podcast, it's called Throttle Therapy. This season I'm gearing up to make history competing in some of the world's most notorious racing events starting at the Indy 500. Join me as I travel from racetrack to racetrack. In my quest to continue a memorable career in racing. I'm also gonna bring you inside stories with legends of sports, new faces from the next generation of auto racing and conversations with the people who've supported me throughout my career. We'll be getting into everything from karting to nascar, even Formula One, whether you dream about being a pro athlete or an astronaut who we're talking about what it takes to make it listen to throttle therapy with Catherine Leg and iHeart women's sports production in partnership with deep blue sports and entertainment. You can find us on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts Presented by Capital One founding partner Of iHeart Women's Sports.


Morning everybody. It's DJ Envy. Jess hilarious Charlamagne, the guy. We are The Breakfast Club. Good morning. Morning man. And again, Jabrea Baker for joining us. Her new book Rooted at the American Legacy of Land Theft in the modern movement for black Land Ownership is out right now. That is a great read. I read it, I read it right over the holidays like right, yeah, during the holidays. Man, it's, it's a, it's a fantastic read and you know, 'cause I'm from South Carolina and that happens a lot in South Carolina. So that, that title piqued my interest when Sim gave it to me. So if you want to learn more about that, about the land theft that's happening all throughout our country and has been happening throughout the time. Throughout time. Go get up, go get Bria Baker's book rooted. She Is smart. Yo, she's so smart.


Like I'm sitting here learning from her like in interview. That's dope. She was, I was just like, damn. And she's, and she, you know how somebody like, they take their time and they talk like she knew exactly what she was going to say, what she wanted to say. Like that's how you, a person is passionate about the things that they talk about. Yo, that's dope. I'll definitely go out and get her book and also slu, everybody heading out to New Orleans for the Super Bowl. You heading out There right? Yeah, I, I, I head out tonight. I'll be there tomorrow. So I'll be broadcasting from the NOLA tomorrow. That's Right. Be safe. You going to the Actual game Jess? I'm not sure about that yet. I'm not really, yo, I ain't really trying to, the ravens ain't there and everything. I, I don't know. It's an Experience. If I knew you wasn't, if I knew you wasn't gonna be here tomorrow. I've came in this morning, Shut up.


Lying like what are you talking about? I would, but I Wouldn't lying this I ain't knew you wasn't gonna be here tomorrow. Nah, but I'm, yeah, I'm not off though. I'll be here. I'll just be virtually. I know but I just miss seeing you damn Emini Here. Come on lying. Come on. Come, come On, come on. Big ass lies. Yes. Be all mushy and all that. Like come on online. All right, well fine. I won't be mushy on air then. Okay. Thank you. I just keep, I'll be mushy off there. She's like whatever. All right well we got just with the mess coming up what we talking about? Yes, yes, yes. Yo. What we talking about Lauren? We talking about about D Drake? We talking about D Drake. Alright. D Drake. D Drake, Kendrick And Superb Bowl in Kenrick. Exactly what y'all were just talking about exactly. No, but this is a couple things we talking about. I ain't know what you was starting with. That's why I'm like we be talking about Alright cool. We Gonna kick it off with the Kendrick and the Superb Bowl but then we going, we gotta get to the Drake too.


I wonder what Kendrick grandmother did to him. What you mean? Because remember N TV off? He was like yeah, he said bitch I cut my granny off and Shannon will see it how I say it but it's like why would she do I always be wondering Like no I thought he said if if I cut said I would I would cut my, I don cut his granny Off. No, but even the if it always Makes be like to granny He's just letting you know that you know he don't play about nobody when they try to play with him. Not even grandma cut his grandma, his granny off if he got to. So if I cut my, if I cut my granny off, what? What you think I'll do to you Jesus. I ain't cut my granny. I know his grand was like boy what? I'm not cutting my mama off. You cut my grandma off now I need my mama All alright we'll get the justice of the mess when we come back. It's The Breakfast Club the morning pointing everybody.


It's DEJ Envy, just hilarious. Charlemagne the guy we are The Breakfast Club. Irv Gotti actually produced that record too. So rest in peace Irv Gotti. But let's get to just with the mess music real Just don't do no lying. Don't She don't nobody worldwide. Jess worldwide Match on The Breakfast Club. She's a coach shooter. She was Able to get y'all to see something and understand something that nobody could get you to see. It's time to shut it off. So I know I went ahead not like us at the Super Bowl. Is he gonna be able to perform it though? So that is the conversation that was started yesterday in New Orleans according to TMZ they say that they spoke to network, so Fox and NFL sources who told them that yesterday per standard Wednesday, Kendrick Lamar's set list was handed over to NFL and Fox executives and attorneys.


And that is when like, you know they just pull back the curtain, they look at the set list, they look at the, you know everything that's gonna happen to make sure that you know, legally, legally that's To be approved and everything. Yeah, everything is approved legally everything is good but you know there's more attention on this year's performance because of not like us and the word pedophile being used and the alluding alluded to it to different Yeah a minor and stuff like that. So what TMZ is told will happen is he will for sure perform the song but they're trying to figure out, I guess they give him stipulations on, he does it because they say once the execs get the list they call in the lawyers who pour over the lyrics to make sure that there's nothing that'll get the league and the network in trouble with the FCC who's, you know, they govern those shows and just a fun fact That's standard practice by the way.


It's Emini here everybody, everybody trying to make this a issue because it's the Kendrick Drake thing but they this right every year with any artist it Is standard practice but according to their sources it's extra this year because of the lawsuit, specifically because of the defamation lawsuit that Drake, I don't believe that This is according to TMZ and their sources. These are not my sources. So, but The third Version, they got that from Nick Canon. They Got that he should a you stupid, he should do verse though when he do this the real nigga challenge. He should do that one. Well we'll see what he's able to do and, and and just, you know to your point Charla, on standard practice there are not one but two sensors on game day. Normally the NFL has an official who can bleep out content and then Fox has a backup just in case because there's also a five second delay.


And they do that just in case as well too. So they can come in and swipe out anything that they need to. But go Ahead. This is all Justin Timberlake fault when Justin Timberlake exposed Janet Jackson's for The World to see. Yeah But I I I think they'll be extra careful for now. Especially with Drake suing UMG and and and and the NFL ain't scared of no damn Drake lawsuit. No they ain't got nothing to do with nothing. I think they're A business, they're Business. They don't want that problem but can be. They don't problem Screaming a minor and yo all well they Gonna do that anyway. The Crowns gonna say that part. Yeah, Emini here but I'm just saying like come on, this is the NFL, this is like America extra careful baby right here. We can't, Well whatever they decided on yesterday, Wednesday, today, Thursday the sixth there is a run through tech through Run through which is also standard protocol.


So it'll be practice today. So we'll find out Sunday. Cool. Yep. But speaking of music though, and Drake, Kendrick, you know Drake is on his tour. We talked about the first opening night in Australia. So, and then second night went down and on stage Drake actually gave his fans a little surprise talking about some new music. Let's take a listen Album coming out on Valentine's Day and you know, eventually when the time is right, Drizzy Drake alone by himself is gonna have to have a one-on-one talk to y'all. I'll be back with another album. A one-on-one conversation with y'all that you need to Hear. Ovi Eli's going crazy in the studio right now and jumping up and down And I think that that He don't, he don't mean it, He don't mean that Coming.


No he want Drake to get no O Eli and all Drake fans know y'all really want Drake to go get some rest. Y'all know y'all want Drake to go take a nap for a little bit. You know that. Nah, I think if he does a one-on-one, I think that'd be dope. Him talking to himself about everything that happened, how he looks, how he felt on the inside, how it looks on the outside. I think that'd be dope if he's able to lyrically do it the right way. I think that'd be dope. Maybe He not gonna tell us how hurt he is and can he even put out music? Like can he even put out music while this lawsuit is going on? Yeah. Would would the screaming services put his music on playlist? Will he will radio play him? Will UMG push it like I'm asking? I don't Know. Well they did say, I don't know how true this is. They said the party album is gonna be party featuring Drake. Yes. It's not gonna be both of their albums.


It's gonna be every song's gonna be featuring Drake. Yes, I guess so they can get it through the system. Oh that is A report. Okay. Yep, that's a report. And and to your point, Charla and in mentioning that Envy, I, when I saw that I was like, oh, maybe he can't release music right now and that's his way of getting some songs off because like, you know, it's a separate entity, separate situation. But I Yo what did he do Emini here, I I don't wanna cut you off, but what did he say about the LeBron thing? I seen something online. So when he changed the lyrics to the, the sixth. Yeah. So the first night, and we didn't get through this yesterday but I mentioned it now the first night you talking about will he really tell us how he feel, how he feels? He's been doing it on stage. So he changed the song, he changed one of his songs to throw some shots at LeBron. Let's take a listen.


So he talked about the, the 6 6 23 No LeBron, but then y yesterday at his tour stop yesterday Emini here, I'm sorry not at his tour stop. But yesterday online, DJ Khaled posted super excited for his new album coming out and he says this is the album where I'll have those two Drake. Those two Drakes remember he went to the Yeah, the Concert. The The concert. Yeah. He had the signs like I got the two Drakes. He said well I'm finally, this is gonna be the one with the two. Drakes Drakes came, Drake came in the comments and said must be Drake Bell must be Drake Bell. Basically like It's not, he's not clearing, he's not clears giving Must be Drake Bell. And the Post is not there. It's gone now. It was sassy though. It was sassy. Yes, it was Very sassy. Very, very SAS Sa I'm very much alive and it's very much not me on the album.


Know little sassy savage. You got that smoke coming out your back looking like a little air purifier. It's giving, It's Giving wrong girl. That's right. Okay Evvy, you alright? Right. Yeah I got, I'm enjoying this. This is hilarious to me. All this is hilarious. I think Drake getting this 50 on Drake like nah call you stand next to a lot of my ops. Yep. Yeah. So you know I'm not clearing no records for you. Callie Don't speak out about nothing though. Like he's so unproblematic at the end of the day. So it's like, Yeah I get it. But it's like LeBron Different, he posting, he can't wait to see Kendrick at the Super Bowl. He at to pop out like, but it's Like yo all so what? Like I can't like both. It is like no you gotta pick a side. I ain't gonna front, I feel bad for Khaled on this one 'cause Khaled love everybody.


I know he do Like Khaled don't get into no beef. He don't want no problems. So This has nothing to do with Kendrick huh? Because K with Kendrick or nothing like that. This Is probably Ross and Khaled something, their relationship. Okay. I'm sure that's probably, he is Super close with Ross too. Who? Khaled. K? Yeah, Khaled. He's, he's close with everybody. Yeah. Major key alert. Jake's like, nope, True. Khaled never picked sides publicly that I can remember. Emini here, you know people always only Fat Joe on Khaled fat people even get on Khaled for you know, not speaking out for, for Palestine and he's Palestinian. So why would you expect for him to speak up for you in a rap beef? Yeah. The only person he ever stood up for or ever spoke out for is Fat Joe. Like, which is his, his brother. Okay.


Is Fat Joe's daughter godfather. What did he pick out for Fat Joe for? Like I don't, He's always wrote for Fat Joe. When Fat Joe had the beef for 50 he wouldn't, he wouldn't shake their hands, he wouldn't take pictures. Yeah, But that wasn't public though. Mm That wasn't public. That wasn't that. We know that. We know that because they've told us those stories but that wasn't a public thing. Think Cal has been very public about not effing with 50 and g unit before. I never heard him say it personally, I haven't. Mm. But we understand that that's his. Okay brother. Yeah. Well thank you Lauren. Alright Girl. Alright. Now coming up Also too. No, nevermind. What, nevermind. No, go ahead. No, go ahead. 'cause you already do when people do That, new comments got nothing to do with Drake or anybody. This got to do with us, but I'm, I'm nevermind.


Don't Worry about it. He is such a clown. He been on radio for 21 years and you already know what's going on when you bring that up. You already knew we gonna be like, what? What girl? What? Why you Just say say it? Yo, that's like, you know when you in a relationship with, with somebody, you about to argue like nevermind. No, say it, nevermind. Tell that. I don't wanna say forget it. Forget it. It. I ain't gonna say now. I ain't gonna say it now. Now forget. I ain't gonna No, no. Actually the moment has passed. The moment has passed. The moment Has passed. I talked about it later now, now, now. All right, well just fix my message coming up if you have a relat Relationship. No, that's not what's coming up. Actually Can I, can I finish what I'm doing? Please. No, just fix my message coming up in a second. If you have relationship problems or relationships issues, you can get on the phone lines right now. We'll start taking your calls. 805 8 5 1 0 5 1. But Shala, man, you got donkey today coming up? Yes, I do have donkey today coming up right now actually.


And this is a bridezilla we shall discuss for after the hour. Her name is Kaylee Brater. She needs to come to the front of the congregation. We'd like to have a World with her. Alright, we'll get to that next. It's The Breakfast Club. Good morning, You are checking out The Breakfast Club.


Peace to the planet. Charlemagne to God here. And I want you to know that our audible picker today is Atlas of the Heart. Tap into Brene Brown's incredible insight on understanding emotions and making meaningful connections. Listen, when you sign up for a free trial at audible.com/breakfast club


Up the damn the haw. It's time for Donkey of the Day. He hook. I ain't trying to be donkey today no more. They should be embarrassed by what they already did. I didn't. I'm not making these people do these things called Donkey Of the day. And it really caught me off guard. Damn Charlamagne. Who got the donkey of the day today? Well, just hilarious donkey. Today for Thursday, February 6th goes to a Wisconsin woman named Kaylee Brater. Kayley is 22 years old, which means her prefrontal cortex is not fully developed. Okay? Your prefrontal cortex is the reasoning center of your brain. And hers is still cooking. Okay? Not scheduled to be done until at least the age of 25.


All right? This isn't my feelings, this isn't an opinion, this is scientific facts. Okay? The prefrontal cortex is responsible for executive functions like decision making and planning and prioritizing and controlling impulses. I want you to remember the controlling impulses part, okay? I want you to remember this when you hear Kaylee's story because the prefrontal cortex helps process emotions like anger, fear, and aggression. All of that matters in this situation because Kaleigh is facing a charge of first degree reckless injury because she decided that she needed to stab her fiance. Oh my, what are you talking about Uncle Charlotte? Well, let's go to Fox six news for the report please. A Brookfield Woman is charged for stabbing her boyfriend over a wedding venue.


22-year-old Kaylee Brater is charged with first degree reckless injury. The incident happened last Wednesday. Now according to the criminal complaint, officers went to a home in Brookfield for a domestic incident. A victim says he was stabbed in the neck by his girlfriend. He says they had a disagreement about possibly using their house as a wedding venue and she attacked him without warning. She used a knife. Detectives say he had four injuries. The victim admitted to hitting b brater Damn bridezilla groomzilla. This chick don't know whether she wants to be Beyonce or the bride of Chucky. Now, the victim did admit to hitting Kaleigh, so she probably was justified to identify as a Puerto Rican and stab him. But it's about how this escalated that is causing me to give this young lady donkey of the day.


Now, throughout my life, I've seen struggles with in-laws depicted on TV and in films. I've never had those problems in real life envy. Have you? No. Jess, have you Uhuh? Yeah. I I don't know what it feels like to not like my in-laws, but I would think that a dispute over a wedding venue wouldn't result in violence. And what happened in this situation, the young lady, Kaley and the the the fiance's mother were texting And I guess the mother didn't like the wedding venue, but the mother-in-law really has no say over where you choose to have your wedding. If she not paying for it or contributing financially in any way to our wedding, the only thing she needs to know is where to be.


And I'm gonna show you these screenshots and text messages from your mom so you can call your mother and get her in check because I don't want to hear anything from her in regards to where we are doing our wedding. I don't know what the argument, you know, was about after she got off the phone with his mother. But I can guess. And the argument probably was about Kaylee setting boundaries with his mother. And no man wants to hear their fiance tell them that he needs to get his mom under control. Okay? The reality is mama probably don't like her. All right? Mama knows her prefrontal cortex isn't fully developed. She knows that that girl don't got it all. And you Kayleigh proved her right. What I don't understand is why you stab your fiance if you got a problem with his mother, right?


What you cut him and said f you and the vagina you come from. Boy, no, that's not the way to do that. And this is yet another reason. I know your prefrontal cortex isn't fully developed because your decision making is flawed. You got a problem with your fiance's mother? You don't stab the fiance, you stab his mom. Oh my God, no. That's, that's actually not what I wanted to say. What I wanted to say is this is why we must all develop better conflict resolution skills. And the reality is, Kaleigh, you and your fiance are not ready to be married. Okay? In fact, you both shouldn't even be together. This is just a toxic relationship. You and the mom arguing and then you go grab a knife and attack your fiance because of an argument that you was having with his mom.


And you said you was acting out of fear that you thought your fiance would hit you. Now I'm no Dr. Gen man and that's fine because y'all don't need couples therapy. In fact, you need a exorcism. Okay? This union is not of the Lord. I can sense when the devil is present. If I could pray in tongues right now, I would, but I can't. But Jessica, Robin Moore can. Jessica, you are of the Lord. Please put your hands on this couple and speak in tongues for them please. Coming in a Honda He, amen. Amen for them, man, that Honda please give Kaylee brand to the sweet sounds of the Hamiltons, The of the day.


The of Now. Just, I'm not going to ask you what God put on your spirit to say to these people, but I do wonder, why did the Lord have to come in a Honda just now? Because you, during when you were speaking in tongues, you said that he was coming in a Honda. That's it. See, it is, it's the, the Holy Ghost. It takes over. You don't know what you're saying. You just have to allow God to use you. And maybe they have a Honda And I didn't know that, But, but I believe Hondas are of the Lord. 'cause Hondas last forever. Forever. You ain't ne Hondas last forever. Eternal life. You hear me? Put that out for worse. You see what I'm saying?


Okay. All right. Well thank you for that donkey today, period. Yes. Now just fix my mess. Get on the phone lines right now if you're having issues. Relationship problems. 805 8 5 1 0 5 1 is The Breakfast Club. Good morning. The Breakfast Club. So, and his phone popped up a text message and it said, hello, gorgeous. So I was thrown off And I asked him about the text message. Well, his phone is locked. And he basically told me, I didn't see what I saw. It was the church group on Facebook Messenger. So he showed me that. People saying Good morning. But I'm like, no, it's not Facebook 'cause it's is a phone number. So anyway, time goes by, I am like, let me see the phone. We go back and forth. It's like not happening.


Phone is locked. Like he, if it was a grenade, he would've blew up. Like he would not let the phone Go. It was something that you was forbidden to see. Yes. So I just left like, okay, I'm gonna get out of here escalating. And at this point I know you're lying. So then a couple days later I finally get around to talking and he's like, someone sent him a random text message from the past. He don't know why. It was super random. He's innocent. Mm. He took a couple days to come up with that. That's, that's excuse he gave me. Still never saw anything. But it's like, you're a married man, your phone's locked. Like all you gotta do, if it was that simple, was just pull up the message. Like, here you go. So that just goes to show like there was something that you was trying to hide.


It may not have been that, but So do you believe him? That was the, do you believe that that was a friend from a long time ago? You don't. And you know, do you believe that? Be honest with me. Do you believe that? Because that's the only way I can help you is if you don't be lying. You gotta be honest. I I don't, but I'm very forgiven. So like, I I don't believe it in my heart. No. Okay, well then that's something that you, you got, you gotta tell him that. And I don't believe you told him that. I understand that you're forgiven, but you can't turn a blind eye to obvious, like obvious things. You understand what I'm saying? Because if he knows how for he sees how forgiving you are, you know, as his wife, that that's, that's easy. You know what I'm saying?


That's easy. He gonna know what to say to get back in your good graces and you know, you, you just voluntarily like ignoring it. You can't do that. You, you know, it's something else going on. Now he may not have, you know, met up with this woman or you know, done anything, but you're still cheating. It's, you're hiding something And I don't, it's something that I can't see. Nah, you're hiding something that I'm not supposed to say in that. That's, that's not cool. Yep. I ain't telling you leave your man. But you have to tell him how you feel. Tell him Emini here, this is a marriage. This is not your boyfriend. You just can't break up with him. You know, I understand that. But definitely have a conversation with him. But I don't, and this is gonna lead me to like not trust you. Like you, you, I don't feel good about this.


I feel, I know you lying to me about it. Tell him Absolutely. Why y'all always thinking the worst though? Excuse Me. Tell man I won't thinking the worst. I'm just don't Think your man is cheating. A lot of times brothers be doing this telehealth, which is therapy through the phone. And we don't want you to see our conversations with our therapist. Sometimes we text him with our pastors and spiritual leaders. I don't want you to see that either. Sometimes we playing in amazing surprises for you. Why? You always gotta think somebody cheating. Boy, Shut up. Why would, right, why would it, Why would say hello Gorgeous. Right? Why would it take him? I Don't think the pastor No wait, no. Say what you were saying babe. I was saying I don't think the pastor or the counselor goes text. Hello Gorgeous. Yeah. Why somebody calling him gorgeous though? He might. Yeah, that threw me off.


Yeah. So yeah, my Mom went a couple ways with that one. I got you just, but yeah. Yeah. It might be a old friend from your old home from college or something. I don't know what's going on with that. Right? Definitely, definitely holler at him to see which one is homeboys or whatever Emini here, you know, or anybody is calling this man gorgeous. I will say this. Charlamagne text me, Hey gorgeous. Every once in a while it's little uncomfortable and awkward. But he does send that to me sometimes just so just, you know, keep that as an option. I'll, I'll tell you one thing. If it's a man calling him gorgeous, I promise you your boyfriend getting a whole fist up this every Friday. What? Oh God, that's not her boyfriend. That's her husband. Jesus Christ. I'm sorry. I sure hope it's a sarcastic woman because no.


Yeah, yeah, that's what I hope too. Have a good one, Jessica. Good luck. Oh, All thank y'all. No problem. Also let the record show Jess. Mary j Blige got a whole song called Good Morning Gorgeous. And she says, look in the mirror and tell yourself good morning, gorgeous. So maybe he text Good morning gorgeous to himself. Just say, nah, not, nah, not not. No man. Mary wasn't talking to the niggas. Yeah, she Wasn't talking to no Jess Fix My Mess. 805 8 5 1 0 5 1. Caller up now it's The Breakfast Club.


Peace of the planet Charlemagne. Tha God here. And I just want you to know, if you're not on Amazon Prime, you're seriously missing out. It's not just about the fast free delivery, although let's be real, that's a game changer. It especially was for me this holiday season. Prime is like your personal guide to everything you're into or want to get into. Whether it's binge watching the latest hit on Prime video, you know, listening to your favorite playlist on Amazon music or getting those last minute gifts, which same day, free delivery prime's got you covered. And here's the kicker. Prime isn't just about getting you closer to your passions, it's about helping you discover new ones too. Got a hobby you're obsessed with Prime Fuels it. Trying something new Prime helps you dive deep into whatever's next. It's like me being passionate about mental health. You can order all kinds of books on mental health on Prime. My favorite is the Unapologetic Guide to Black Mental Health by Dr. Rita Walker. Prime gets you closer to what really matters, making all times of the year that much more special. Whether it's streaming your favorite movie, or getting that perfect gift delivered the same day. Prime makes everything easy and stress free. Whatever you're into, it's on prime. Visit amazon.com/prime now.


The World is constantly changing. It's up to you to decide how to respond. Choose to be bold to try something new. Choose to reinvent yourself. That's what Nissan did with the all new totally reimagined kicks. The dynamic new exterior styling immediately announces that Nissan isn't messing around the interior. A completely redesigned cabin with premium features like wireless apple cart play and a panoramic moonroof make driving a kicks impressive and exciting. And with new performance and safety features like intelligent all-wheel drive, the kicks is both more fun and safer to drive than ever before. It's the dawning of a brand new era for the Nissan Kicks. Only one question remains. Is it a new error for you as well? Drive the all new reimagine Nissan Kicks today Available feature. Bose is a registered trademark of the Bose Corporation Nissan Safety Shield technologies can't prevent all collisions or wor in all situations. See owners manual for important safety information.


Black History Month is here and we're excited to kick off season four of I Didn't Know, maybe you didn't either. This season we're diving even deeper, celebrating trailblazing pioneers who fought for change and shining a spotlight on revolutionary women who defied the odds and redefined excellence. Give Grace Wisher her flowers. She's proof that history ain't all about who gets the credit, it's about who did the work. So next time you see that 50 starred, 13 striped American flag, you just remember 16-year-old black woman helped to make it happen. So this season get ready to be inspired, educated, and empowered even more. Join us as we uncover stories that deserve to be heard and celebrated. I didn't know listen to, I didn't know. Maybe you didn't either from the Black Effect Podcast Network on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcast, or simply wherever you get your podcast.


Hey you guys, I'm Catherine Legg. I'm a racing driver who's literally driven everything with four wheels across the planet. And I've got a new podcast, it's called Throttle Therapy. This season I'm gearing up to make history competing in some of the world's most notorious racing events. Starting at the Indy 500. Join me as I travel from racetrack to racetrack. In my quest to continue a memorable career in racing, I'm also gonna bring you inside stories with legends of sports, new faces from the next generation of auto racing and conversations with the people who've supported me throughout my career. We'll be getting into everything from carting to nascar, even Formula One. Whether you dream about being a pro athlete or an astronaut and who we're talking about what it takes to make it listen to throttle therapy with Catherine Leg and iHeart women's sports production in partnership with deep blue sports and entertainment. You can find us on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts Presented by Capital One founding partner of iHeart Women's Sports.


Good morning, ask about me relationship problems. Ask about me. You need to beat your coworker's ass. Ask about me for your coworker. Need to beat your ass. Call it up. And Dr. Jess and I'm here to fix your mess. Mess. It's getting very much messy. Let me fix it. Morning everybody. It's Djj envy, Jess. Hilarious. Charlamagne the guy. We are The Breakfast Club. We're in the middle of Jess. Fix My Mess. And we have Peter on the line. Peter, good morning. Hey, good morning guys. I appreciate y'all Guys man. Hey, take us off Bluetooth for speaker if, if you're on Alright, is that better? Way better? What's your question for Jess? All. So my old ladies stay at home all so I take care of everything.


Alright. So me and her got into a little spat and she's notorious for running her car on E. Alright. She told me that her car was low and she don't, she didn't know she was make it to the gas station. So we lived about a mile away from the gas station. Right. You know, go ahead. You make it to the gas station. Right. So she left and went to the gas station. When she came back she told me that she broke down with, you know, and a guy stopped to help her. The guy who stopped to help her sexually assaulted her. All right. So she said she didn't have her wallet. So she went to the gas station guy paid for the gas and she cashed after the guy back.


So I asked her, I was like, well how did, how you, how you got back to your car? She said she got back in the car with the dude. So I'm tripping. She said she what? She got in the car with the dude, She got back in the car with her. So I'm having mix and motions about it up up because a couple thing, one thing is to blame me, you know what Emini here because she told me that her car was low. But I, you know, I tell her don't let your car get below half, but you never know. Right. What kind of emergency was gonna happen? You know what, Emini here. So she blaming me 'cause she ride of gas, but she did not call me when she broke down. And you a mile away from it. Mm. I can understand you being mad because you left angry, but you know, I, I don know what to do. You feel me? Yeah.


So She got back in the car with him. I told I wanted the cash out 'cause I need to know who this guy is because he's not in the community. You know, I ready to crash out and she refuses to gimme the cash app of the guy. So I'm like, you know, it's just, it's crazy man. I don't even know how to even take him. I don't know. You Understand Jess? No. Hold on. Sorry. So, so Peter's basically saying his wife's car broke down and the person that fixed, he helped his wife was a stranger. The stranger sexually assaulted his wife. Oh. But then when she got gas, instead of calling him, she got back in the car with the, with the guy, the sex, the guy that sexually assaulted her and she has the guy's cash app so he can find out who the guy is through the cash app. Through the cash app. Right. But his wife won't give him the number.


Mm. So he's, he's saying he feels effed up because one, he wasn't there to help his wife get the gas. And two, he feels like he wants to fix this problem, but his wife won't give him the the number am am I saying that right Peter? Yeah, man, that's exactly what it is man. Alright, well she lying straight up like what you talking about you guys, I'm glad you said it. Yeah. And she lying. How you get sexually assaulted? You get back in the car. That sound like, you know, one, one of these lawsuits that we keep talking about up here. You, you, you went, you got back in the car after this man sexually assaulted you. And, and that's what I'm saying man. And you won't give me the, I'm trying to bring it to justice. I'm trying to, whether you gonna handle the dude or whatever Emini here. 'cause you, you her husband or you her Her boyfriend? That's my fiance. Oh, okay. Yeah, yeah.


Don't walk down that aisle. That's crazy. She Lying. Let me ask you a question. How do you know she was sexually assaulted? She told me. What did she say he did? She said he rubbed on her, on her ass and, and said something to her. Yeah, so this is my thing, right? I'm like damn, is this a guy she know or if she's telling me that, so I could feel guilty because she told me her car was running out of gas. Like I don't like God. You know what, Emini here. But, but let ask. I ain't, I ain't even bought that life. I, But let me ask you a question, Peter, and just, he didn't, she didn't have to tell him she was sexually assaulted. Nope, she didn't. So it could have happened and maybe she, that's what I'm saying, but maybe she doesn't wanna give you the number 'cause she don't want you to do something and get yourself in trouble, get you arrested and put you into where you can get in trouble.


Could that be It? Or maybe that was a, a cop cop out because she went MIA, you know what I'm saying? Like, she didn't call him or nothing like that. So that's, that was the cop out. Oh he, you know, just to, just so he won't be mad at her. You know what Emini here, but it's stupid because she didn't think all the way, she didn't think that all the way through. You got this man cash at all. Right. So now let me go do something about it. But now you're not giving it to me. You didn't think that all the way through. She used that as a cop out, as an excuse, as like a alibi, something like that. Why she telling me all of that though? Like why she telling me she sex assaulted? Why she telling me by the cash app? Like, you know what Emini here, it's like I used to be a professional liar. Ain't no way I would've put them telling a lie.


You got me. I get it. Well, I'm telling you she lying bro. I'm telling you she's lying. That's what it is. So what you can do, what you wanna do with that, but at least you not married yet, is what I'm gonna say. Yeah. Yeah. That's where it got me at. Yeah, man. Yeah. Sorry Peter. Yeah. Luck. Appreciate y All right, man. Alright. Damn poor Peter. Yeah, no. Damn. That sound like that's her bay. That not like that. That's her little side boo that she got caught with. But why Would, she wouldn't have to tell him though, that she assaulted, she didn't have to say anything. She could have said a woman helped me out or you know, anybody. A cop helped me out. She didn't have to say, the dude helped me out and sexually assaulted me. It, It feel like he was leaving something out. Yeah. There something, there's a hole in the story. He ain't telling us.


It sound like he trying to figure out too. Yep. What you think? What you mean something That I I just think that's her little boo on the side. That's why, that's what, that's just my personal opinion, but you know, damn, what Do I know? Damn, if you ain't even married and you got a boo on the side already, you don't need to get married. They usually cut late but She just engaged now. So she ain't cut off her roster yet. That's what that is. That's crazy. No, that is crazy. You supposed to cut off all of them after, you know, like before he put cut your off, you don't know when he gonna propose. So you cut all of them off right after the proposal. Like all y I'm sorry. So when, when did you cut your roster off Justin? Excuse me. Alright, Jess, Fix My Mess. 805 8 5 1 0 5 1. We got Jess with the mess coming up. Yes. No, no. We got 50 with the mess coming up.


This man is crazy. I think, I think 50 sets his alarm purposely like at 2:00 AM so we can all wake up the stuff that he posts. He Don't sleep and he don't Play. He don't And he don't stop Either. Nope. Crazy beef never stop with him. He he never takes a day off. No. Never takes a day off. And is he always listening? Yep. Like he got a thousand eyes everywhere. So we gonna get into that when we come back. All right. It's The Breakfast Club. Good morning. The Breakfast Club. And we do not disrespect you my friend. You love setting beige people back. Shut up Chris Brown. Curry and them though, so That's right. He is. Yeah. Him and Steph Curry. Him and Steph Curry. Yeah, they, they currying them.


Yep. And Drake too. All right. Good morning everybody. You The Breakfast Club. Let's get to Jess with the mess. Music is real. Jessica Robin Moore. Just don't do no lying. Don't do. No she don't. Nobody worldwide. Just worldwide fashion on The Breakfast Club. She's a culture shooter. She was Able to get y'all to see something and understand something that nobody could get you To see. It's time to set it off. So apparently Sabrina Morrisey don't like that. Wendy been speaking out. She don't like that Wendy was here, not here, but called into The Breakfast Club the other day at all. She shot off a letter to the judge after the interview, referencing the interview several times, asking the judge to reer reexamine Wendy's health and to hold on on the a and e lawsuit until they do that.


Hmm. Now let's take a listen first to what Wendy said again when she called in the other day about her health and about the lawsuit. Listen, I've been in this guardianship for this long of amount of time and now a and e lifetime, this lawsuit. Please, I don't want that. I don't want a dime from that. I don't want any part of that, you know what I'm saying? So they insist on me telling everybody that I have frontal temporal dementia. But you know, this whole thing about frontal temporal dementia is ridiculous. And I don't want this lawsuit. I don't want it at all. I want a shout out though to the people at Lifetime. You know, I've been in business with them before, you know what I'm saying? I did a couple of things there. They're good people to me.


Well we, And I would love to do business with them again. Okay. So that was what she had to say about that. But in the letter, they're basically like, we only filed this lawsuit because Wendy needs to recoup money from just different things she's been through while she's been in a conservatorship and also to help pay for her healthcare. And then they specifically referenced when Wendy was talking to us about where she think her money is being used in terms of the Annie lawsuit. Let's take a listen to what Wendy said about that. My guardian person is represented by this expensive law firm. Right? But it's my money. It's my money that my guardian is using for regarding this lawsuit. Yes. And my money is slowly, I guess dwindling away.


I have no idea. You know what I'm saying? My wallet is depleted with a few dollars. You understand? And I've been in this situation for over three years. Yeah. So they basically say, they say, okay, we know she's basically saying that all her money is being spent toward attorneys or whatever. But Robbie Kaplan, who was the attorney for Sabrina Morrissey, who was the guardian, says that her firm has not even been paid yet and will not receive a penny unless they're successful in the a e lawsuit. And when the a e lawsuit, if it is won and the money comes out, Sabrina will not receive any money from that lawsuit at all. I don't, I don't believe that to be true. True. Because all guardians get a fee for the amount of money they handle for their award.


I'm just saying what their, what their letter states is that. Yeah. And then, But it makes sense why they're trying to do that because they're trying to sue a e and Wendy's saying, I don't want to sue a e It's, it's like, well, you know, it seems like they're going against what she's trying what she wants. Well they, Well 'cause Wendy, 'cause Wendy blew up the lawsuit. That's right. Like the lawsuit is based on Wendy having frontal temporal dementia. So Wendy is saying, no, that's not the case. I don't have frontal temporal dementia. And then that blows up the whole lawsuit. Now it's easy to find that out. Exactly. So furthermore, on her health, what they're saying is, look, we know what she's saying. We don't want this to look like we not doing what's in her best interest. So Judge, we want you to go back in and do another health evaluation. And they finally told us how this evaluation supposedly happened in the beginning.


They said, they said that Wendy was examined by Will Cornell Medical Center who diagnosed her with frontal T temporal dementia and in a progressive aphasia, aphasia. I don dunno if I'm saying that right. And then a judge made his own determination as well. So they're saying, can y'all do that again? And depending on what the results of this is, like, if the results say she doesn't have it and she can make our own decisions, we won't go forward with the lawsuit. We'll back off. But if it does say otherwise, then that's up to the court to decide what happens from there. So that's yeah, that's what they're claiming as far as that. Okay. Alright. Yeah. Now 50 cent 50 with the mess. 50 with the, with the mess. Okay. What's Going, why 50 cent Big me now Little Mech has entered the chat And I don't even think he knew he was entering, entering the chat.


So yesterday 50 cent posted a text message that Little Mech sent him about Big Mech and about, you know, their relationship right now and where it stands. Little mech said to 50, they just told me, you unfollowed me off Instagram and now you're managing Skill Aaba with Rocket. When I brought him around you first, you didn't have a clue who he was. Now you're mad at me when I would take the shirt off my back for you. I can't believe this man. You act as if I'm your enemy. I've only showed love and loyalty and human, I'm human. I go through my own stuff. But I should, but I never switched up on you. He says F Ross, but he gave my dad some bread so he can afford to pay his bills until our next season starts. This internet stuff is throwing me off, man, you know me in real life, I ain't gonna hold you that He came out like it was solid.


It was like, you know what, Emini here. Alright, cool. I I'm in a way I ain't really got nothing to do with, with this beef with my father. I, I get it. I know 50 is like, look, it's your fa you your father kid that's on you. But this, I don't know, I, I kind of feel bad, but you know, Lil Musk, you shoot back Little Beach, Lil Musk, what you call Littley. But I that's that's a little insider. You probably don't stink no more. I'm pretty sure Jesus. But yeah, but nah. Like nah, this, this was, how can you be mean to this? Yeah. Because they don't got nothing, nothing to do with It. Emini here. Well And then also he said, you know, Ross gave my father some money so he can afford to pay his bills and until our next season starts. So what they not making no money on the off season Emini here and Rick Ross being your friend, he gave him some bread.


Emini here, you mad at that? They ain't got nothing to do with me. But We act like we, we act like we don't know. 50, 50 cent is consistent. Like 50 cent very, if you, if you stand next to his op, he not rocking with you. And it is just, just that simple. So I guess if he not rocking with me, he's not gonna rock with Little Meek's son. Yeah. Yeah. And He's, and it's been with this way from the beginning of time. Like ain't nobody that's problems with he's been like this. Like it's not a surprise anymore. People always surprised though, when he do what 50 do 'cause people online arguing right now, whether he's right, whether he's wrong but 50 ain't he and consistently doesn't care. He's still posting. No, No. I'm not surprised. I just feel bad for little mech. You know what Emini here I hear just a little bit. I feel bad he's the kid in the situation because he even said Afro, but he gave my dad some bread.


They ain't got, you know what Emini here. So he still, Well he's been trolling like 50, been trolling Lil Mech now he posted this screenshot, it says Lil Mech is gonna be on love in Hip Hop Atlanta and 50 captioning. And it said, well I'll give Mona Scott a call for him later on today. Oh my gosh. And then 50 posted this, this video making fun of this situation as well too. Let's take a listen. Got Stockholm syndrome. He do 20 mother years in the joint, come home, run in the picture, run, run, go run up under the co got Stockholm Syndrome. He like, yeah, yeah. Do 20 years in the joint. He come home, run, run, run up under the Co Yeah. Had people go laughing at him all crazy and all that. Yeah. Stockholm, Meech. Yeah. You just do 20 years in jail, you come home, run up under the co after everything he did for your mother.


Damn. And I think that's a big part of it too. People feel like, you know, 50 did a lot for Meech. Like Mech talked about playing for the acting classes, setting him up, you know, just making sure that he was set up so that he could take care of the family And I guess help his dad. But, But, but okay. Was Rick Ross and Big Meek's friends back in the day? Like, weren't they always friends? I don't, I don There's been no argument around that for A while. I don I don't know. I don't, I don't think so. But I will say this, you know, with 50 and, and if you know 50 or you've been around 50, everything is loyal with fifth. Right. If if he's loyal, if you loyal to him, he's loyal to you. And, and like me said, he'll take the shirt off his back for fifth, fifth will take the shirt off his back for you. And he's helped So many people because he, to cancel And he helped so many people in the industry that he never talks about. He gave so many people money behind the scenes.


So when people switch sides like that, there is no off with him. Like that's what I try to tell people. There is no, I was just joking. There is no offer that man, that man if, if you have a problem with him, it is what it is. He's going, he's gonna take it to the grave. Literal cancer like me. Okay. That's how we are. No, You a clown. That's what that is. But thank you Lauren. You Are welcome. And one more time, go ahead. No, I was gonna say 50 is consistent. Yeah. You know, like, like, like it love it, hate it. You know who he is. You know how he is. Yeah. If you don't like it, unfollow him. That's It. And one more time, just wanted to send again a rest in piece to Irv Gotti. I I did wanna mention Fat Joe also posted and, and just talked about how Irv Gotti changed his life and everything that he's done for hip hop.


So as we close out today, just wanna do that one more time. See rest in peace. Irv Gotti. But now 50 mad at Lauren. 'cause Lauren did a segue from 50 and Irv And they gonna go right there. Irv Please. 50 at me. 'cause I could just bring the followers my way. Go ahead. Please don't bring no attention. She ready to, She ready, she ready to marry 50. She about to fight everybody up here for 56. Crash out for 50. She about to crash out for fifth. So girl. Who? Lauren. Lauren. Lauren. Like everybody. Now I like everybody Before I ain't had no men. I ain had no prospects. Now I like everybody. You just a hater. That's What it is. I will say this. I Can't wait. I can get my man on you. That's the, that's the one I I feel bad about before we get into the mix is Fat Joe. 'cause he was up here and he was saying that he was trying to mend Yes the situation with Irv and Irv wouldn't take his call.


So I know he was trying to to, well we don't know to mend that. And I hope that they finally did men that. And I hope that they did because There's been reports that people did come to say their goodbye. So hopefully they got, they got that moment in. Yeah. All right well that is just with the mess. Let's get to the mix. Let's play some joints that Irv produced or Irv was behind. Everything from Mike Geronimo to DMX, to Ashanti, to Lloyd, to Fat Joe. I said to Ja rule, of course this man got his, I didn't even know that he did. That's crazy. That's how it always is. So we're gonna get some of 'em on this morning is The Breakfast Club. Good morning,


You are checking out The Breakfast Club, Charlemagne to God here. And I want you to let Audible expand your life by listening. Tap into your wellbeing with audio books, podcast and originals on better health relationships, finance and more. And reach the goals you set for yourself. Sign up today for a free 30 day trial@audible.com.


Morning everybody. It's DJ Envy, Jess hilarious. Charlemagne the guy. We are The Breakfast Club. It's Black History Month. What we doing? Well you know, every day during Black History Month, my guy BDot does a podcast called, I didn't Know, maybe you didn't either. On the Black Effect iHeartRadio podcast network. And today he's gonna take a look on how black families land and generational wealth has been systemically stolen all while America pretends it's just part of the game. Let's discuss. Take the Sey family for example. Back in 1942, they was living the dream in Vero Beach, Florida. They had 147 acres of land. And I have to do some homework on that. How much is one acre? Well, for easy math, it's about three fourths of a football field. So let's Just say one acre equals a football field or 16 tennis courts or one acre is larger than nine basketball courts. They say you can fit five baseball fields in one acre. Well the Epsy family had 147 acres. Now that's just not land. That's by your kids a pony and still got space for a Ferris wheel land. But then the US government came knocking and it says, excuse me, we're gonna need your land to build an airfield. Don't worry, it's for the war effort. And FCS was like, all right, but can we get it back after? Spoiler alert, they didn't. Instead their land went to the Navy, the city of Vero Beach and dig this. The LA Dodgers. Yes, they even named it Dodgertown. And they ain't even blessed the Epsy family with season tickets or an expensive hot dog at the concession stand or nothing. And I'm gonna keep it a buck. 147 acres of land wasn't just dirt, that's wealth, generational wealth. But instead of that wealth staying in the Epsy family got passed around like a Netflix password. Now here's where it gets wild 'cause people love to ask why can't them colored families just build a wealth like everybody else? Oh I don't know. Maybe because every time we do someone shows up with a clipboard. A bulldozer and some bad intentions. It's not just history, it's a pattern from Tulsa to Vero Beach. Anytime we start thriving and surviving, somebody decides, yeah that's nice, but we want that for us. So here's my challenge to you learn these stories that didn't make it into the textbooks. Talk about 'em, share 'em. Because the only way to stop history from repeating itself is to start calling it out. That's the reason for, I didn't know, maybe you didn't either. The historic Dodger Town in Vero Beach is no more. They closed its doors and shut down 'cause they were broke. Haven't had it since March of 2008. But Minor League baseball did reopen the facilities and now it's named Vero Beach Sports Village. But it ain't owned by the Epsy family. It's owned by Major League Baseball. And I didn't know. Maybe you didn't either. Alright, happy Black History Month. That's right. That's the history you didn't learn in school. But you'll definitely wanna remember. So make sure you download b Do I didn't know, maybe you didn't either. On the Black Effect iHeartRadio podcast network available everywhere you listen to podcasts.


Alright, now when we come back, we got the positive note. It's The Breakfast Club. Good morning. Morning everybody. It's Djj NV Jess. Hilarious. Charlamagne the guy. We are The Breakfast Club. It's time to get up outta here. Charlamagne, you got a positive note before He gets to that?


Oh, I'm sorry. That's Valentine's Day y'all. Okay, so me and Chris are being honored as special guests at the Quantum of Love Bond with me. Oh oh seven dinner. You know, on Valentine's Day, if you ain't doing nothing, get dressed up in that all black. Bring your lady, bring your, your, your girl, your man. And you can also find a a significant other there because this is not a par a party only for couples, it's for singles as well. So like I said, dress up in that all black. The way you can get tickets is 1 8 3 3 ft k line, that's LINE and www.ftkconnect.com or the link is in my bio. Get your tickets. They're almost sold out. They're selling. And just come and have fun with me and Chris and you know, we got some other special guests attending a party too. See you on Valentine's


Day. Well What, like I just felt like you shoulda ended it with a kiss. You ain't doing no smooching, nothing. Please Don't want like come on. What's the positive note? The positive note comes from the, the man named Malcolm X. 'cause it, it is Black History Month. Malcolm X once said, if you have no critics, you'll likely have no success. So let those people talk about you. Let those people have their opinions. 'cause if you have no critics, you'll likely have no success. It's just part of the game. Have a nice day. I love that Breakfast Club bitches. You don't finish or y'all.