
Listen to me. This is Charlemagne to God talking. If you're not on prime, you're missing out prime's. Not just fast free delivery, although that is definitely a big perk. It's a collection of excellent services that help you get more outta whatever passion you're into or getting into. Like right now, I am really getting into past life regression therapy and there's so many books about it on Prime. So you can order books with Prime or even listen to content on Amazon Music. Whether you're binge watching the latest on Prime video, listening to music on Amazon music, or getting those last minute gifts dropped at your door with Prime, same day free delivery with Prime customers, get closer to what they care about. Whatever you're into, it's all on Prime. Visit amazon.com/prime now.


Life is an act of constant reinvention that's true for you and for cause. Nissan Reimagined the all new kicks around you. The Bolds Personal plus sound system with speakers in the headrest keeps you in the groove while the Nissan Safety Shield 360 technologies keep you safe. If Nissan invented the kicks, you can reinvent yourself. Drive the all new Reimagined Nissan Kicks today. Available features compatible device service and consumer activation of Nissan Connect Services. Package required Use only when safe and legal subject to third party service availability For more information, see Nissan usa.com/connect/legal. Apple CarPlay is a trademark of Apple Link. Intelligent all-wheel drive cannot prevent collisions or provide enhanced traction in all conditions. Always monitor traffic and weather can conditions.


Taking control of your career is empowering. Just don't tell my boss I said that. Building a career isn't just about a job. It's about creating a path that impacts our community and future generations. Whether you're starting out or making big moves, State Farm is here to support you with resources to help protect what you're working hard to achieve. They've got your back every step of the way because like a good neighbor State Farm is there. Find out more at State Farm dot com.


This is Shirley Strawberry from the Steve Harvey Morning show. Toyota has been building a legacy of excellence for years. From developing hybrid technology to upping the standards of safety and efficiency. Toyota is always innovating, always making progress, and with a superior lineup of in-stock SUVs, including the Adventure Ready, RAV4 and capable, affordable Corolla cross, you can experience the legacy of Toyota for yourself. Visit via toyota.com the official website for deals to find out more. Toyota, let's go places.


A, B, C, Wednesday, Tim Allen and Kat Dennings star in the new family comedy shifting gears. And I am broke And I need a place to stay until I figure out what the rest of my life looks like. So A couple of days I open when his daughter moves back in the last time he walked out that door, you looked back at me and gave me a double bird. I was 18. The double bird was how I ended all our conversations. The wheels come off. Can we try to talk to each other like rational adults? If you watch the news lately, that's not a thing anymore. Series Premiere Wednesday, eight seven Central on a, B, c and Stream on Hulu.


Good morning. USA. Yo. Yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo, yo yo, yo yo, yo yo. Just hilarious. What up y'all? Charlemagne the guy. Peace to the planet is Tuesday. Good morning. Happy New Year. Yes. What's happening Tuesday? We are back. We're back from vacation, man. That's right. Good morning. Just hilarious. How are you? How You feeling, Jess? I'm good. I'm good. I'm snowed in. We got nailed by like nine inches. Pause white. So yeah. Period. I saw Governor Westmore declared a state of emergency in Maryland. Yeah. They say you're about to get hit with another two to three inches. Absolutely, yes. The biggest we've ever taken. So Wow. Wow. Y'all getting a train ran on you.


Y'all had the biggest person then, not a little guy coming in. Wow. I'm telling you. And then they white, so it's like, hey, Well I'm glad you keeping it down there. 'cause at one time I thought it was gonna move up here and, and mess up the, the tri-state, New York, New Jersey, Connecticut. But we pretty clear it seems like. Right? See, y ain't y ain't getting nothing. Like what y'all got? We Got like a, a little bit, like an inch or so. Yeah, a little Real like snow. Y'all, y'all snow Don't stick, do it. I, when it's cold, it usually does, but we just haven't got, we haven't got the storm as it yet. One inch, man. Y'all don't feel nothing. All right, cool. So How was, how was your vacay, how was your Christmas? How was your new year? Well, it was very, very, very busy. I had a lot of bus changes in my business, but I got to give away with, with the Ravens. We did like a toy drive dope. And then I got to actually go to the Ravens game.


They played the Brown Saturday. Ash went to his first tailgating. Yeah. Little event. Yeah. It was cool. He got to meet TIUs White. He got his first NFL ball that gave him a ball. He got to meet and dap up Lamar Jackson Dope. Tyler Wallace and Henry. So yeah, It was Derrick Henry. It's good that you, you finally started representing your Baltimore Ravens. I know you was a Steelers fan for a long time. Aren't you a Steelers fan? But you know what's so funny that you know, y y'all playing them in the first round of the playoffs. So that's three times y'all played in No, four times. I think y'all played in the shit. No. Three times. Three Times. No, it's three. It's three. And and that game is this Saturday. But I can't go 'cause damn, I got a show in California. So I would love to be there for that. But I, I wouldn't at the same time.


'cause it's kind of gonna be mixed feelings a little bit, but it's all right. Alright. Red, what about you Charlamagne? What you did over the Emini here, over the, the holidays, The holiday that was cooling. You know what Emini here, I went to my, one of my favorite places in The World, the beautiful island of Van Illa drop on a cruise bombs Van Illa. So I was there for majority of the time. Okay. After Christmas? Yeah, right after Christmas. I got up outta here. So You got a chance just to relax? Yeah, I got back Sunday afternoon. Okay. Actually Sunday evening, actually. That's nice. Yeah. Yeah. What's up with you? Envy? How was your break? Yo? You know what? My son, he wasn't able to come home 'cause you know, he plays football. So they were, for his birthday, for Christmas, he was in Miami. So he had a game in Orlando. So we flew down to his game out in Orlando.


They actually lost but came back. And then when we, when we got back, we had like a big monopoly family like Monopoly could actually ruin our family. Like we argue, we beef, we bicker, but we love it and we play every night. So he goes, he heads back this week. So it was the first time in a long time that the whole family was at the house. So we just enjoyed Christmas, enjoyed the holidays, my parents over for a while. And it was just all family, family, family, family, family, family. Happy To be back at work though. Damn. Happy to be back at work and don't feel like I missed nothing. Even though it feels like we missed a lot. Yeah. Boy y'all negroes don't do nothing but argue and fuss and fight online. That's it. But you know what? I stayed offline. I, I had to recap, capture everything that was going on this weekend. Stayed Off. It's hard to stay off 'cause you got group chats where people be sending you links and stuff in group chats and I'm like, does anybody got anything?


It's the holidays. Has anybody got anything good to say? That's why Thing Is anybody happy? It wasn't hard for me Because I I I did not open up no links. I actually did unplug And I actually took that from one of the interviews that we did with Ashanti Dies that when we, when she came up here with her. Yep. What pamphlet? Yep. That Yeah. Emini book. Yeah. Brief Pamphlet. Yeah. I unplugged And I, I actually did more work than leisure but I still unplugged And I had a nice little sacred vacation, so There you go. Alright, well let's get the show cracking. We got front page news when we come back, so don't go anywhere. It's The Breakfast Club. Good morning. Morning everybody. It's DJ nv. Just hilarious. Charlemagne the guy. We are The Breakfast Club. Let's get in some front page news. All right, now sports.


Now my giants are out. Charlamagne. How's your cowboys? What do you mean? I'm asking stupid ass Questions. I just wanted to hear you say it. Why? That makes no sense. Don't come into 2025 with the same contradictions in hypocrisy. Okay, well you said they were gonna make it to the Super Bowl. I was just checking in. I say that every year. Did you see you on your sleeve right now? It says 1996. I've been saying that since that same time. Right there. Jesus Christ. Our last Super Bowl is 1995. Well, this old To be so delusional. Well I am over my cowboys. Well this Saturday the charges take on the Texans at four 30 Stealers take on the Ravens at eight at the Brons, take on the Buffalo Bills, Packers take on the Eagles commanders take on the Buccaneers. And on Monday the Vikings take on the Rams some quick sports and also salute to Deshaun Jackson.


He will become Delaware State's head football coach. So Delaware State had a football team. Yes they do. I Did not know that man. And He will be the head coach. Oh, so this is they they've been at a team. They're not just creating a team for Deshaun Jackson the coach. They Could be, I'm not sure. Oh, you know what, I'm lying. 'cause De Carolina State University Bulldogs beat them but like 80 to zero early this year. That's when I first heard of him. Damn. Yes. Alright, well. So salute to Dell State. Good morning. Morning Congrat to Deshaun Jackson. Salute To Deshaun Jackson. Yes. Good morning. Good morning. Congrats to Dehaun Jackson. We love to see the HBCU love and shout out to the Ravens block. Good morning Jess Envy and Charlemagne. Glad to hear you guys had a great, a good break. You know a lot has happened since I spoke to you guys last year, including the death of former president Jimmy Carter, a New year's terrorist to tackle New Orleans.


A cyber truck exploded outside of a Trump international hotel in Las Vegas and President Biden issued pardons and medals of freedom. Not to mention your 119th Congress has convened and peacefully, for the most part, certified the 2024 election results of President-elect Donald Trump in a joint session. Here's Vice President Kamala Harris making the announcement. Do we have that audio? No. Okay. So Vice President Kamala Harris not to change his hair at The Breakfast Club Club doesn't matter that in 2025 today. Today I did what I've done my entire career, which is take seriously the oath. But I have taken many times. America's democracy is only as strong as our willingness to fight for it.


Well Harris said she didn't. It did. Harris said she appalled her constitutional duty to ensure the peace will transfer of power. Calling it a sacred obligation. The electoral count reform, excuse me, when it comes to the your 119th Congress that convened last Friday. On the January 3rd, the House of Representative Republicans hold a narrow majority of 219 seats to the Democrats 215, while the Senate comprises of 15 Republicans and 47 Democrats. Now a record 62 members of that congressional of the Congress is black. It's the first time two black women are simultaneously serving in the Senate. Shout out Angela also Brooks from my state, woo whoop Marilyn.


Hey and the blunt Rochester of Delaware. And speaking of Delaware, there's a lot of news coming outta Delaware. Sarah McBride, she is the first openly transgender person to serve in the US Congress and was elected to represent Delaware's at large congressional district. And Emily Randall out of Washington State is the first openly LGBTQ plus Latina to serve in the US House of Representatives. And Julie Johnson out of Texas is the first o openly LGBTQ plus member representing a southern state in the US House of Representatives. So things are underway and your congress is officially off to work for in preparation for, you know, president-elect Trump's fir second term now house speaker Mike Johnson says that Congress will hit the ground running.


He told Fox News Sunday Morning futures that the Republican lawmakers are working on a large reconciliation package that would address all of president-elect's priorities early on in his term. He wants to have one huge bill that he wants to sign. Let's hear from Mike Johnson. I think at the end of the day, president Trump is going to prefer, as he likes to say, one big beautiful bill. And there's a lot of merit to that because we can put it all together. One big upper down vote which can save the country. You know, we're 15 days out from the inauguration of President Donald J. Trump for his second term and we want to make sure that we're jump starting the agenda now over the next two weeks so that he's prepared and ready on, on day one. And so we'll be addressing border.


We've got a number of bills just over the next two weeks that we're going to address the low hanging fruit, so to speak. Yeah, so there is some pushback on that. You know, a lot of GOP members don't wanna rope in energy bills with border pills and tax policies. But you know, we'll see what happens over the next few weeks as we approach inauguration, which is, which is set to happen on January 20th, which is also the same day as MLK day. Yeah, it's definitely a lot going on. But it is incredible to me that Democrats are playing so nice after all the talk of Trump being the end of democracy. Trump being a fascist. It's like they not keeping the same energy at all. And you can't call a man a fascist and a dictator, but when he wins, throw all that rhetoric out the window.


Unless of course it was just politics and you never believed it. Meanwhile, Republicans keep that same energy. Did you see the husband of Senator Deborah Fisher not even shake the VPs and yesterday? Which is crazy. Yeah. Republicans draw clear lines in the sand, they signal to their base every time that they don't like Democrats. Democrats are terrible for the country and not worthy of any respect. Nonetheless, your vote alright. They None that their wife, how about not, how about not respecting your wife on The World stage? But I won't get too much into that. But they Thinking about the future though. They thinking about the midterms, they don't care about that. They thinking about the midterms. Like, no, this is the enemy. Please remember this in a couple of years when the midterms come. All right, well that is front page news. We'll see you next hour Morgan. Alright.


Yes, we will talk more in the next hour about the morning period that we are in regarding President Jimmy Carter. Alright, Everybody else get it off your chest. 805 8 5 1 0 5 1. Let us know how your vacay was. If you had a vacay, how your Christmas was, how your new year was, all that. Call us up right now. (800) 585-1051. Get it off your chest. Call us up right now. It's The Breakfast Club. Good morning. The Breakfast Club. This is your time to get it off your chest. Keep calling. 805 8 5 1 0 5 1. We wanna hear from you on The Breakfast Club. Hello? Who's This? Envy. What's up Envy? What's up Trav?


What's going on? Happy New Year, jazz. Happy New Year, boo. What's up mama? What's up Char Trav. What up sis? How you Now? I'm doing good. I'm doing good. I just wanted to call and stay happy New Year to my peoples. I hope y'all had an amazing Christmas. Amazing. Happy New Year's Eve. That amazing New Year's. Yes, we did. Absolutely same new year. I seen you, I seen you, our dog watching. Yeah, yeah, yeah. I had my little, my my little, my my little nephew. I was watching Taz while Taylor was in Ghana. We had an amazing, you know, little holiday. Why you ain't calling me so we can make Taz disappear, man. Or at least make Taylor think Taz disappeared, man. Damn. You can't just be babysitting people. You Not gonna have Taylor beating me up. No, you Can't just be babysitting people, dogs and just give them back.


No, you gotta put some pressure on her nigga think you lost your dog. Tra Jesus Christ. I told him I was gonna keep her dog, but she said she she wasn't feeling that. But no, I just wanted to say Happy New Year to everybody I asked him to talk about. But I ain't gonna be negative starting everybody because I was pissed off yesterday. What you was pissed off About. Let it go at Uber bang. Ain't gonna talk about it. So Uber really like, really irked my nerve yesterday by sending somebody on a bike to deliver my whole platter to me. But I ain't gonna talk about it. I'm gonna spread no negativity to me. Oh, I thought you thought you had, I thought you called some KY in Uber like you was trying to get some ky over a little piece, little piece of trade to the house. Oh God. Listen, y'all have a gay New Year. I hope everybody have a happy, happy New Year.


All right, y'all stay gay this year. Goodbye Trav. Hello, who's this? This is Mike from Newburgh. Mike Newburgh. What's up? Get your chest. Mike Newberg. What up Newburgh? It's Luther to everybody in Newburgh, man. Good. I'm good. Good morning everybody. Good morning everybody. Good morning Jess. Good morning everybody. Good Morning home. A partisan Fontaine. Hey, that's it. That's my guy party. Hey, I got a problem today with this congestion pricing man. I come back from a vacation with my family to driving to New York City and they charging me twice as much just to get to work in the morning. I don't even, obviously, you know, I don't live here, but this is crazy to me and it's only gonna go higher. Like we gotta do something man. I need my new, my new my New York people to, to step up. We gotta figure something out with this. 'cause this is getting outta control.


It, it don't make any, it makes no Sense the fees to get you it, Nah, it makes no sense. And the the amount that it's went up is, is is ridiculous. And Emini here, I see the staff is, you know, everybody's coming in to work a lot earlier now because Emini here, you can't afford it. It's expensive as hell. And it's not just the fact that you gotta pay for congestion prices, which is basically to drive in the city. But the toll to get in New York City, it's expensive. It's Already $15 to come through the Holland Tunnel as it is a slu to everybody listening nuts all around the country. Y'all probably don't know what we talking about, but you know, you come through the Holland Tunnel, you gotta pay $15. Now you in New York City and driving through certain parts of New York, you gotta pay $9. That's right. It's like, yo, what are y'all thinking about? And and and, and if it'd be one thing, if we knew where this money was going, New York looks and smells like trash y'all.


It just does. And here's the crazy part too, not to cut you off. If you don't pay that they put these crazy fines on you. I'm fighting the case right now with them for like 10 days on the fines and trying to budget off of. Yeah. Damn. 50 year ticket. 50 year ticket. And then they hold the information and don't give it to you till it's too late. And I work for the one gun on the railroad. So I God come in. Damn. Well thank you for checking in, Mike. You already have a good morning. Be Blessed all that money we spend in New York and it don't even look like New York. Don't look like Charlotte. Charlotte is a beautiful city. New York don't look like Chicago. Chicago's a beautiful city. New York don't look like Dallas. Dallas is a beautiful city. I was looking at the top 10 cleaner cities in, in America. You think New York on that list? No way.


Absolutely not. But see, Lynchburg, Virginia, doof Minnesota, Redwood California. I never even been to none of those places. But not even that. Like they want people to take public transportation. Do you see what's going on in the train? People getting pushed on the train tracks. One person got burned to death the other day. People are getting sliced and robbed. Who Wants to take a Drink? I don't. I wouldn't. But get it off your chest. 805 8 5 1 0 5 1. If you need to vent phone lines to Wide Open is The Breakfast Club. Good morning. The Breakfast Club. Ray, Ray. Ray. Yo, Charla, man. Envy. What up are we lying? This is your time to get it off your chest. I got an indoor pool, a outdoor Pool.


We want to hear from you on The Breakfast Club. We Can get on the phone right now here and tell you what it is. We lied. Hello? Who's this Duke from? Carolina. Hey Duke from Carolina. What's up? Get it off your Carolina. You calling from North or South? South Carolina. I met you in Burg at Chrysalis. Hey slut there. Everybody that's been pulling up to Crystal, man. You know if you go, if you, if you go to South Carolina state of Claflin and you show your college id, you get a discount at crystalline burg, by the way. Word. So, hey, so Pete game this, this is what happened in Burg. So I I met you at the stoplight, you was leaving and I gave you two of my wraparounds, two of my own designs. Oh yeah, I remember that. Yeah. Yeah, because my, I gave You my prototypes, bro. Yeah.


He got these shirts. You know how people like to tie their hoodies around their waist? Yeah. Like he actually created a product that it's like a shirt or something that you just tie around your waist. Yes. Yeah. So go on my, you can go on my page. I got it is my name is Duke on my page and you can see like one of my designs on there, like my first picture, you can see where I'm wearing it or whatever. Like I went through so much to get that to you. Charlamagne, you just don't know what's The name of the company man, I was actually driving. Tell me the name of the company. So the name of the company is going to be Lux Style by Duke. It's like a luxurious clothing wear. But the, the, the item that I gave you was called a wraparound.


So like I said, I went through so much to get that to you, man. I was actually at work, I was driving that dump truck And I left work And I drove the drunk, the dump truck home to get the product and then I brought it back to you And I asked HH dub like, where's Charlemagne Charlemagne? He was like, oh, he, he's at the mic. Go catch him. So that's what made me run to the truck because I was like, man, dang, I need to get the tour. Well thank you for the wraparound, you know, I, I did have one question about the wraparound. You know, we put our hoodies around our waist and stuff because you know, we wear the hoodie. What am I supposed to do with the wraparound when it ain't wrapped around me? Oh. So be honest, like confused. Like I said, I went through so much to get that to you. I was actually making you a cowboy one And I wasn't supposed to be at work that day, but they asked me to come in.


Oh, so the ones that you got was actually was like made for me. It was tailored for me. Gotcha. So When I didn't got yours made, I just ran home and got the two ones that I made for myself And I gave 'em to you. So I had a cowboys On my, actually the Type, so basically I had the Cowboys on my ass. It's like the wrap around the waist and the cowboy star be on. Right. Got you. You got, you Got you. Yeah, yeah, Yeah. Not a bad idea. Now. Now Jess Not a bad idea. Don't women usually put the hoodies around their waist to cover ass? Absolutely. Usually only women. Yeah. But it is cool that he got a a, he got a unisex. A guy do that too. I never seen it, but yeah, I love, I'd love to see it on each side. That Guy do that too.


I did that in the airport when I, when I cut him around, landed in Will. It's warm. I took my hoodie off And I tied it around my waist. Wrapped it around waist. He got, he got cover them assets. He gotta cover them assets. Yes. But this is an intentional Emini here. Intentional piece of clothing that encourages men to wrap around the waist. I love, I'd love to See it Emini here. That was my question when he gave it to me, I'm like, what am I supposed to do with just when it's not wrapped around my waist? I got, you know what, Emini here. Hello? Who's this? This is Brianna. I'm calling from Alabama. Hey Brianna from Alabama. Good morning. Get it off your chest. I really don't have anything to get off my chest. I just wanna give my girls a shout out. They go back to school today. They have a few games that they have to cure it today. So I'm just wishing them well protection and all of the good Stuff.


Absolutely. All righty. That's what's up. Well you have a good day and we wish your daughters the best. All Right, thank you. You Too. Have a good one. Get it off your chest. 805 8 5 1 0 5 1. Now we got just with the mess coming up. What we talking about? Yo, 2024 ended in shambles. We got Ray J might be with Suki real bad right now. Okay. Thunk Young Thug might have lost Mariah to the streets. Oh Boy. Mariah Carey got a new young thing. We, I'm gonna run it down. Okay. All right. We'll get to the all that next when we come back. So don't move. It's The Breakfast Club. Good morning, The Breakfast Club Morning everybody. It's DJ Envy. Jess. Hilarious. Charlamagne the guy. We are The Breakfast Club. Let's get to Jess with the mess. Jess hilarious superstar.


It's funny now you're just with the mess. Your news is real. And she So funny. I gotta say that. She's one of my favorite people on Instagram. Princess Larry, Jessica, Robin And her news is on The Breakfast Club. Damn Jess, what's the news today? What you wanna know? Oh wow. Taylor was working over the holiday break. Huh? Okay. Okay. Taylor Again. That's what I thought. She was in Ghana. Sailor. She can do both. She can do both. Right, right, right. Anyway, all, so we got a lot to get to judge rules that Jay-Z, his accuser, you know shorty that was accusing him of raping her with J with Diddy when she was 13 after the VMA in 2000, the, the judge said that she can keep her identity a secret, which I think is completely bogus.


If you're causing all this havoc and you just out accusing me of things, you should be able to show your face. The judge also called out Jay-Z's attorney saying that he was combative and trying to fast track the case, Which made no sense to me because isn't that an attorney's supposed to do? Yeah, that's an exactly Attorney's doing his job. Especially if I didn't do it. And this is my, this is what I'm saying. I didn't do it. So Yeah, but the judge also made it clear. Go Ahead. If you, if you accuse somebody you, you should be able to show yourself. Right, because yeah, the havoc that she's absolutely doing the Jay-Z and, and everything that he's losing and the stress that he's putting it through. Yeah. Especially If it's a crime that's heinous. Yeah. We should see the person who, who's doing it. I don't even, I don't even think you should be allowed to file anonymously.


Well the judge did say that as the case moves forward that they will revisit this or whatever and the judge also ruled that Jay-Z is able to file an amendment to dismiss, get the amendment dismissed. That's what they said. I wonder if J's celebrity is gonna hinder him in this situation. Meaning that this is a frivolous case. You could tell that probably should already be dismissed. But because he's a celebrity Yeah, the judge doesn't wanna look like they're showing favoritism towards him. Right? So they,


The new year is here and you wanna stay locked in on whatever you're into. Amazon Prime is a cheat code. See a lot of people think Amazon Prime is just about getting those packages delivered faster than you can say. I forgot to order that. But really prime is not just one thing. It's all things. A place to stream movies and shows with Prime video, Amazon music and that free one day, same day delivery is everything you need to make the season stress free. Picture this, you watching Thursday night Football and Prime video and the friends are coming through. You need the last minute snacks and drinks. Prime's got you. You want to kick back and chill after the game. Prime Videos got the movies and shows to keep your night rolling. And if you wanna wind down Amazon music's got the playlist to keep the vibe just right. So whether you're hosting, chilling, or just trying to make it through the hustle of the week, I know I'm doing all things above. Just know prime's got your back. It helps you explore, discover, and get more of what you love all in one place. So visit amazon.com/prime to get more of whatever you're into. Whatever you're into, it's on Prime. Visit amazon.com/prime now.


The World is constantly changing. It's up to you to decide how to respond. Choose to be bold to try something new. Choose to reinvent yourself. That's what Nissan did with the all new totally reimagined kicks. The dynamic new exterior styling immediately announces that Nissan isn't messing around the interior. A completely redesigned cabin with premium features like wireless Apple call play and a panoramic moon roof make driving a kicks immersive and exciting. And with new performance and safety features like intelligent all-wheel drive, the kicks is both fun and safer to drive than ever before. It is the dawning of a brand new era for the Nissan Kicks. Only one question remains. Is it a new era for you as well? Drive the all new Reimagined Nissan Kicks today. Available Features compatible device service and consumer activation of Nissan Connect Services. Package required use only when safe and legal subject to third party service availability. For more information, see Nissan usa.com/connect/legal. Apple CarPlay is a trademark of Apple Link. Intelligent all-wheel drive cannot prevent collisions or provide enhanced traction in all conditions. Always monitor traffic and weather conditions.


Hey fam, if you like me, you're thinking about how to level up in your career. Maybe you're fresh outta college, just started in your field or even look at to switch things up and find your true calling. Whatever stage you're in, remember that this is your time to grow, to learn, and to build something that lasts. State Farm understands that early career development is key to long-term success. They've been a steady presence in our communities and they know that having the right support early on can make all the difference. State Farm is there to help you make smart moves and to help you get the coverage you need. We all know the journey to success is a marathon, not a sprint. It's about staying focused, staying grounded, and making sure you're protected every step of the way. Let's build our careers with confidence knowing that State Farm is there to support us just like they've always been because like a good neighbor State Farm is there. Find out more@stateforum.com


Playoffs. We're talking about playoffs. You bet we are. Get in on the action at DraftKings Sportsbook. An official sports betting partner of the NFL scoring touchdowns is key to winning in the playoffs. And you can score big by betting on them at DraftKings the number one place to bet touchdowns. Ready to place your first bet. Try betting on something simple like a player. To score six, go to the Draftking Sports Book app and make your pick. New DraftKings customers can bet $5 to get $200 in bonus bets instantly. Download the Draftking Sports book app and use code Bobby Sports. That's code Bobby Sports for new customers to get $200 in bonus bets instantly When you bet. Just five bucks only on Draftking. Sportsbook the crown is yours. Gambling problem. Call 1-800-GAMBLER in New York. Call 8 7 7 8 Hope NY or text HOPE NY 4 6 7 3 6 9 in Connecticut. Help is available for problem gambling. Call 8 8 8 7 8 9 7 7 7 7 or visit cpg.org. Please play responsibly on behalf of Boot Hill Casino and Resort Kansas. 21 plus agent eligibility varies by jurisdiction void in Ontario. Bonus bets expire 168 hours after issuance. For additional terms and responsible gaming resources, see dk g.co/audio.


Hi, I'm Cindy Crawford And I'm the founder of Meaningful Beauty. When Dr. SBA And I decided to do a skincare line together, he said to me, we are gonna give women meaningful beauty. And I said, that's exactly right. We wanna give women meaningful beauty, which means each and every product is meaningful. It has a a reason to exist, it's efficacious, you're gonna get results and then you just go out and live your life meaningful Beauty, confidence is beautiful. Learn more@meaningfulbeauty.com.


Won't dismiss it as fast as they Probably. Yeah and not only that's it's ev a lot of celebrities are going through it right now. So you can't just dismiss this one without looking for the facts of the other one. So you have to quote unquote allow a woman to, you know, plead her case. What I gotta do with everybody else, my case ain't got nothing to do with everybody else. Case. I agree with you. Yeah, hell you Moving Parts. I Agree with you but it's a bunch of moving parts. But What the lady did in the interview already proved that it's Matt Holes in this case. So why we even entertaining in at all? That's what I'm saying. The judge probably would've already dismissed it but they probably don't look like they buckle into the pressure of Alex. Yeah, Alex Piero crazy. Alright moving forward. Tyrese reunited with his daughter Shayla this real quick. He spent the holidays celebrating his birthday with his daughter Shayla and his girlfriend.


Now y'all know Shayla was the, the baby girl he was crying over. That's his daughter and things was a little hectic with them since he divorced her mom Emini here, well since the divorce with her mom or whatever. But this ain't the first time that they got reacquainted. But this is the first time that we've actually seen them on like some daddy daughter time. So it's, it is actually good shout out to them. Footage released of Young Thug speaking on Mariah s. Scientists and all of that. So when we left 2024, thug was home and he seemed real happy to be going into the new year or so. We thought videos were was released of his video visits while he was locked up. And this is interesting. So the first one that they released was a video where he was talking to Lena Devin Haney's baby mother.


Right. And Lena is telling this man that she wants to be with him. We got audio for it. I don't know love or something. No, Be lonely to the I don't like anyone. Why would you say that? 'cause I don't wanna be a what? I Don't like anyone. No one's like you don't like them. I don want you. Why you laughing? Because bitches is stupid. Yo bitches is. I don't like anyone like shut up. Anyway, Lena responded and said all of this happened before she met Devin and that baby is like a couple days old, fresh out Pop pop right out real quick.


So, but she did say this is before she met him. Thug went out bad again though. The second video that was released is when he was talking to one of his friends about Mariah and his, his friend had called him basically letting him know, Mariah love you yo she f with you like this your girl. You know what I'm saying? And then he was saying to his friend, this is what he said to his friend, we got audio for it. You got, you got her and her feelings man, What happened? No, I'm just saying she loves you man. Oh, for sure. Like overly. Yeah. Like too much sometimes. Too much. What? Like it scares you. How much? Yeah, yeah. Yeah, because it's like, damn, if I do something, if I like smack me up, if I smack something or something like that, you probably be devastated.


And that part that I don't like when it's like when you feel like me being in always being as devastated detrimentally. That's when it's like you too. I'm too deep but I'm, I'm in love with about for sure a hundred percent. Like I ain't even studying. Yeah, well I, I kind of get what he was saying, but basically in a nutshell, he not ready to grow up is what he was saying to his homeboy. Like he don't think that he would be able to give her the type of love that she would need or whatever. He's still going mess around. He was scared of messing up when he got out but, and then he also responded to the Lena thing when he said if I wanted shorty I could have her, but I got who I want. And then he posted sorry to my baby for all of this BS on the internet. I love you baby f em all.


We all know what's up with us. So they still spent Christmas together and everything. They was on a ski trip. Yeah, but you know I was thinking FA lot but who's releasing these calls? That'ss so messed up the jail. And the jail and authorities are the only ones that have these calls. And these calls have nothing to do with this case. Emini here, this is his personal life and it Was very intentional to post it like right for Christmas, Christmas Eve. Damn man, you to Try to embarrass him. Which, which is effed up. That's what I would be trying to figure out who released those calls And can he sue because who Released the call? The jail released the calls and you can't sue because they tell you that you being recorded. Yeah, but those calls are supposed to be who the authority supposed to keep, keep those calls. Who said that? When you look it up, it says the authority supposed to keep those, those calls and they're supposed to be released. They not these Calls. You ain't never read the fine print. Just like when y'all get on social media and y'all accept just to be on these sites.


I I don't know. Y'all don't know what the hell, y'all don't know the fine print of these calls? Those calls are not supposed to be released. I Don know the fine print neither. I don't but I know that they tell your dumb ass, they tell your dumb ass that you're being recorded as soon as you sit down to visit people in jail at all When you're on the phone it says Calls can only be authorized by law enforcement and should only be released as evidence in a criminal case if necessary. Well okay, that's clearly not the case. And That's what I'm saying. That's what I saying. You gotta find out who put them calls out. I don't think it's illegal. It couldn't be illegal for all 'em calls. They they was dropping 'em calls like mix tapes over the holiday. Crazy. Yo, we got tape shorty Audio. She said I don't like nobody. They was wrong with you. I'm sorry. That's hilarious to me.


Yo. But that's just for the mess of the first album. We gonna get into some other stuff. It's a lot of other stuff that happened with Suki and Princess and a whole bunch of stuff we gotta update on Wendy. It's a lot of stuff coming up. So check us out in this in the second album. Alright? And when we come back we got front page news Morgan will be breaking down everything that happened in what in New Orleans. Everything that happened out in Vegas. So don't go anywhere. It's The Breakfast Club. Good morning. Morning everybody. It's DJ Envy. Jess. Hilarious. Charlamagne the guy. We are The Breakfast Club. Let's get back in some front page news. Good morning Envy Charlamagne and Jeff America is in Morning you guys paying tribute to its 39th presidents crowds have been filing past former president Jimmy Carter's flag draped casket at the Carter Center in Atlanta.


And his body ha is being transported today here to Washington DC where he will lie in state at the US Capitol Rotunda until a state funeral on Thursday morning at the Washington National Cathedral. Now later that day, Mr. Carter's body will be returned to his hometown for a private service and burial on the grounds of his family home in Plains, Georgia. On Saturday, president Carter's grandson spoke at one of many celebrations of his life for the late humanitarian and here's what he had to say. Jason Carter, While we mourn my grandfather's passing, I know in my heart and you all do that his legacy will live on because of your spirit and your knowledge and the work and the track record that you do every day on behalf of my family, to the people in this room and to your colleagues and our colleagues across The World that work with the Carter Center, thank you for what you have done for him, for what you've done for my grandmother and for what you continue to do for The World.


Yeah. So salute to President Carter and his legacy. On another note, it is federal law, long, Long life too live to be a hundred years old. Congratulations. I appreciate anybody who gets to live a long life. 'cause I wanna, I'm gonna be here till 101. So Why would you not mind? On another note, it is federal law that American flags fly at half mass for 30 days following the death of a former president or us sitting president, 15 days for VPs. So this presidential warning period will coincide with president-elect Trump's inauguration. Now, Trump has indicated that he will attend Carter's funeral on Thursday despite taking issue with the fact that the flags will be flown at half masked during his inauguration. The Democrats, A lot of people are joking that this is Carter's last humanitarian initiative, but you know, I won't get too much into that.


Trump wrote on truth social that the Democrats are all giddy about our magnificent American flag potentially being flown at half-mast during my inauguration. They think it's so great and are so happy about it because in actuality they don't love our country. They only think about themselves. Look at what they've done to our once Great America over the past four years. It's a total mess. He went on to say, in any event, because of the death of President Jimmy Carter, the flag may be flown for the first time ever during inauguration of a future president be at half mass. Nobody wants to see this and no American can be happy about it. Let's see how it plays out. Make America great again. Now just quick fact checked while Trump did indicate in that truth social post that it was the first time US flags would be flown in that capacity.


That is not the truth, but it was flown at half staff during Richard Nixon's 1973 inauguration. Yeah. So what do you guys think about that? Any thoughts on that? I I can't even believe Trump is tripping because yes, the flags will be flown at half mass for Jimmy Carter. Yes, he's getting sworn in on Inauguration Day, which is Martin Luther King Jr Day. And guess what? Donald Trump is still going to be the number one trending topic. Nobody's gonna be talking about Jimmy Carter. Nobody's gonna be talking about Martin Luther King Jr. He's gonna suck all the air outta the headlines. We know this, the, the media not even gonna focus on Jimmy Carter and Martin Luther King Jr. Day like they will about Trump and who's at the inauguration, of course. So I can't even believe he's tripping off it to be honest with you. Talking about tripping and talking about sucking the air out of the room.


This guy did that in fact on New Year's Day. So swishing gears. Oh Morgan, that mercy. Dang. Y why you telling Us about what happened? Why you telling us Watch New Year's Day Morgan? No, no, no, no, no. For for the last two weeks I was relaxed. Great New Year. Toes messing around with you guys. No, but seriously. Switching gears, president Biden switching gears. President Biden was in New Orleans on Monday, meeting with the families and the family members of the victims of the Bourbon Street attack, calling it a horrific act of terrorism, adding it defined strength and resilience. Now this is what I was talking about. He's this, this terrorist of sorts. He sucked the air out of our New Year's Day Emini here.


When we woke up, this is what we woke up to. So President Biden, he spoke at the St. Louis Cathedral in the French Quarter with him and First Lady Joe Biden placing a candle in the middle of the Simmons Circle of candles for each of the 14 victim victims that lost their lives and they read their names aloud. Now the Bidens Bidens of course again met with the family survivors, local law enforcement prior to the service. And again that that attack saw an ISIS sympathizer plow a crowd of 14 down, killing 14 and injuring dozens more. Let's hear from President Biden really quickly. His comments at, in regards to that attack, horrible attack in New Orleans.


My wife Jill And I are here to stand with you. Agree with you, pray with you, let you know you are not alone. Damn. So, so, so it was called a terrorist attack because he was an ISIS sympathizer. Yes. That that's why they are calling it a terrorist attack. In fact, the FBI is providing an update. Deputy assistant director of the agency's counter-terrorism division, Christopher Ray said while the US Army veteran Shmo Din Jabbar likely acted alone, they're still trying to determine if he communicated with anyone outside of the US and special agent in charge. Lionel Murtle of the FBI's New Orleans field office said, while Jabbar likely acted alone, the investigation of course is still ongoing.


We wanna hear more from those authorities in on the Enola attack. Let's hear more from them. We have not seen any indications of an accomplice in the United States, but we are still looking into potential associates in the US and outside of our borders. The case is still very early on. Our agents are getting answers as to where he went, who he met with and how those trips may or may not tie into his actions here in our city in New Orleans. So of course Jabbar reportedly traveled to New Orleans in months before the attack. He took video along Bourbon Street using meta glasses while riding a bike. And in the hours before the attack also placed multiple improvised explosives around the city and a set of fire inside a home that he was renting nearby.


Now luckily those explosives did not go off and authorities were able to locate them. Just tragic to wake up on New Year's Day and hear that this has happened while, you know, people were outside partying on Bourbon Street. Yeah, Very sad, very horrible. You know, also they were saying that people were very upset because they opened Bourbon Street the next day and they were saying that, you know, they should have gave, you know, people a chance to grieve. But a lot of people that live out there was like, this is how we eat. This is how we feed our family. Like we live off of tourism. So if we closed down Bour, you know, bourbon Street, they wouldn't be able to support their family. So I seen people talking about that when Master P and the mayor actually, you know, reopened Bourbon Street. Yeah, definitely Sending New Orleans handling energy slew to everybody who listens to us on Q 93 in New Orleans and Emini here. You know what happened on Bourbon Street is a, is is just a reminder about life, right?


Like yes, all of those people got killed tragically, but man, life goes on immediately. That's right. Like, like that's, that's, that's just the way things are in this world. Like life literally keeps going immediately. Yeah. A lot of elected officials in New Orleans, were pretty much talking Emini here. Of course they're talking about the attack, but they're also reiterating to people and you know, that it is gonna be safe for the upcoming Super Bowl, which is, you know, pretty much a month away too. You know, there's a lot of events that are set to happen and take place coming up in New Orleans. So, you know, How how do they guarantee that I can't And and that's what Emini here. I I say it all the time on this, on Breakfast Club, but it's just like, yo, every day of our lives we wake up and all we're trying to do is avoid crazy.


Yeah. Like you, you might wake up with the best intentions and you know, you read, you say in your prayers, reading your daily affirmations, you spreading love to everybody. But one idiot having a bad day can ruin it for everybody. Yeah. They gonna, I'm sure they'll put up barricades and, and all that stuff for, for, you know, people that's driving, but then somebody will have bomb strap to 'em. I seen them even now with the trains. We were talking about the trains earlier. Now they're gonna start having railings where you can't push anybody onto the train anymore on the tracks because they're gonna start putting railings up. They Should have been doing that. But you know, like you said, it's, it's, it's very sad. Don't, If I was them, I would Just say, look, we're going to do our best to attempt to keep people safe. 'cause you just really never know. Yeah, absolutely. And just, you know, last story, I guess if we could, it's just, I'm like, it's, it's so, it's so sad that this is the, the first thing that we're talking about, you know, first of the year, you know, you would think it would be more positive, but you know, here we are, 2025.


But yeah, let me go ahead and get into this last story. Las Vegas police are also releasing more information about the Tesla cyber truck that exploded outside of a Trump international hotel. Sheriff Kevin Mc Mayhill says they will be releasing writings by the suspect Matthew Berger regarding his motive. And FBI, special agent Spencer Evans spoke more about the Berger's mental condition. Let's hear from those authorities on the Vegas incident. He actually calls it a stunt in, in one of these documents that we're gonna release to you. That he was trying to get the attention of the American people because he was upset about a number of different things. It Ultimately appears to be a tragic case of suicide involving a heavily decorated combat veteran who is struggling with PTSD and other issues.


Investigative steps have discovered, and information from the Army indicates that he likely suffered from PTSD and we are also aware that there were potential other family issues or personal grievances in his own life that may have been contributing factors. Yeah. So authorities use DNA to confirm who the suspect was because he was burnt beyond recognition. And the FBI says no animosity. He had no animosity towards Donald Trump and likely suffered of course from BT PTSD. The explosives in the car were motor style fireworks along with camping fuel. He died from a self-inflicted gunshot wound before the blast, which injured sev seven people with left seven people with minor injuries. And police, again reiterated, there is no definitive link between the incident in New Orleans and the attack in Vegas despite it happening on the same day.


So here we are. Welcome to 2025 guys. Yeah, I, why, why couldn't we get that veteran the help he needed? Like he, I'm sure he didn't just start exhibiting signs of PTSD. Why do we ignore what people are going through until it's too late? I don't, I don, I I don't understand that. I'm going back to Anguilla man. E every story you just said is why we are the United States of anxiety. Why do we have to deal with these things? Why when we have the solutions, we got all these problems, but we have the solutions right here in this country. But we just choose not to, you know, solve them or put the resources towards them for whatever reason. I don't get it. Mm. Meanwhile, we charging $9 for congestive pricing. You know, here in New York City, we giving out, we giving out more money for them not to use for people like, you know this veteran And I know I'm, I'm this, this New Yorker, that's Vegas, but I'm, you know what I'm saying.


What I'm attempting to say here. Well, thank you Morgan. We Got your sentiment. We got your sentiment. Yes. Thank you. That's your front page news on Morgan Wood. Follow me on social at Morgan Media and for more news coverage, follow us at the Black Information Network at Black information at Black Information Network or download the free iHeartRadio app and visit us at BIN news.com. Okay. Hard left turn. Alright. Okay. Hard left turn here. We'll Give you the backstory when we come back. This question may seem random. 805 8 5 1 0 5 1. Would you sleep with Skip Bayless for 1.5 million? I Don't say sleep with. Say have sex with Smash. Yes. Sleep With have sex. Yes. Let him tear your guts out. All That. If he's still capable of doing that. 'cause he is 73 years old for 1.5 million.


They tell us for that. I know that sounds random when we come back. We'll, we'll tell you the story. That's Right. 805 8 5 1 0 5 1. We'll discuss in death when we come back. It's The Breakfast Club. Good morning. The Breakfast Club. Daddy. Call my phone Man. It's topic time. Call 8 5 8 5 1 0 5 1 to join into the discussion with The Breakfast Club. Morning everybody. It's DJ Envy. Jess. Hilarious. Charlemagne the guy. We are The Breakfast Club. If you're just joining us, we, we asked a question. 805 8 5 1 0 5 1. Would you have sex with Skip Bayless for $1.5 million?


Now there is a backstory if you don't know who Skip Bayless is. Of course he's a a, a sports commentator. He's 73 years old, white man. So He was, he was on first take with Stephen A. Smith for years. Then he was on FS one with Shannon Sharp. If you don't know who Skip Bayless is, I don't care. Okay. Every, a lot of people do Now. What's now? Lauren's here. Good morning Lauren. Good Morning y'all. Good Morning, Evvy. Now, now break down the backstory a little bit. All right. So there's a hairstylist that used to work at Fox and she says that when she used to work there, this was, she worked there between 2012 and 2024 and 2024. So this was a minute ago. She says that when Skip was doing undisputed what Shannon Sharp, she would like have to cut his hair once a week. And he requested these haircuts and used the haircuts as a way to kind of make advances on her.


So he would do things like he would rub her hands, he would press up on her and give her hugs, allegedly, according to her, he would talk to her about how voluptuous she thought that she was and that she says that he offered her $1.5 million to have sex with him. And this was during a hard time in her life. 'cause she had just found out that she had cancer. It was a lot going on. She was very un uncomfortable. And she said that she turned down all of the advances in the offer to have sex with him. Now I need to know about this $1.5 million. 'cause that's a lot of money to pay for some ppo. And you know, they say it ain't tricking if, if you got it, but even if you got it, I don't see why $1.5 million is the first number that you offer. Now, is she using addition, meaning that she worked there for what, how many, many years?


Seven to 10 years? Yeah, she was there from 26, 20 12 to 2024. So did every time he tried to holler at her, he had a number like, yo, I'll give you 10,000. I gave 50,000. And so she just added it all together? Or did he just come to her one day and say, I'm gonna give you 1.5 million for that vagina. Does It matter? Yes, it matters. I Don't think it matter. Why you offering, why you, why you shooting so high so early? I don't think it matters. Like the gradual number doesn't matter. By the way. Answer was wrong. It was all last was all. But she didn't want the money either way. So whether he started at two and it at 1.5, it don't matter. We're Having a hypothetical conversation. My point is, what man on this planet comes out the gate offering 1.5. He's a bad Yeah, he's a bad negotiator.


That's Actually an OG trick. He know what he doing. One 5 million is crazy. Yeah, she she had to turn him down a couple times to get to that number. You don't start there. That's what I'm saying. I think he was, I think he was like 50,000 here, 10,000 here. I think she added it all up. If, if it is true, she added it all up over the 10 years. There's no way you just come out the gate 1.5 million. Well she, she alleged multiple different things happened over time. So like the kissing of the hands, the, the hugging, the requesting the haircuts once a week. Like all of this like gradually happened and, and after she refused to have sex with him, he stopped getting his haircut and the makeup done by her. Okay. What's the most you haven't been offered, Lauren? Excuse me. What's the most you haven't been offered? Can we get back to phone calls? Let's ask Ladies.


Nobody has ever in the room that that the way that you frame that question, it just don't even sound like so For 1.5, would you, oh, So you've never been offered. Don't play with me. Wow. Ain't Wait. You can't Get back. The way you framed the question is like, like I'm a prostitute or something. Would Not, would, would you smash for 1.5? Skip Bales? I would've probably took the 1.5. I'm not even gonna You would've did it. I probably would've took the 1.5. No, no, no, no, no. Not took, would you have let that old man, old man taste those young Delaware lines? First of All, how old is he at the time? 63. 63. All right. So how long is it gonna last anyway? I don't know. It's up to you. If he get that blue pill it could be all night. No. Oh it gotta be like we gotta like we gotta, there need to be like a, a manifest of like here are the rules.


No extra pills, no nothing. Like you gotta go all naturally. You know your mother Listen to, So Lawrence said she do it like My mom would tell me, baby, go get that 1.5. Gimme me the Point Jessica Robin Moore just hilarious. Would you take the 1.5, 1.5 from Skip Bais 63 years old white man? Absolutely. You gonna get Worms too. Both of you gonna have worms too. Look Absolutely. Like what? You just no negotiation. No, You gonna kiss him Five old white man whatever Emini here if that's what I got, it is 1.5. What we talking about it is one time. What's up? Yeah. And that's another thing in those rules, it's one time, right? I Don't, I don't, I'm not judging y'all Emini here. Charla straight 1.5 old white man 63 years old. No, 'cause I'm not gay And I have a daddy.


That's okay. And my daddy gay, allegedly daddy is broke. Well I'm not that either. Okay. Alright. With Charlamagne now used to sit on Wendy's lap, take the 1.5. Wow. Because Charlamagne sitting over there with this hill hoodie. Wendy's a Woman. No, not from, yeah, not from Skip. Even at, even, even in my bro days, not from no man. I'm not doing that from no man. No I've now I've had sex with some women that look like men for that type of, That might be the same man. That might be the same bro. You don't know what they identify as for free. Hello? Who's this? This is EJ from Goose Creek, EJ Goose Creek. 8 4 3 1 0.5 million. What you doing ej? Would you sleep with Skip bailiff for 1.5?


I ain't doing but I pretty much the thing as far as 60 hero's. What? It's Ej. All I heard you say is you would do it. So EJ from Somerville, all his homeboys need to know that. He said he would have sex with Skip bailors for $1.5 million And I would be 1.5 million richer. But you'll be so gay on holidays and your homeboys will be smoking you. Huh? I'm Be happy He said he'd be a happy, I'm gonna be honest with you, gay for pay is actually what I would frown upon if you just gay, cool. But you gay for pay bro. But you always be in here talking about if you putting it out you should be receiving something back. So why not? Wow. If they wanna do it for pay, why is that a bad thing?


Because You shouldn't open. Nobody should be, if you gave for pay, you just gave period anyway by the way. So why you lying? Well we have a stud on the line. Oh Lord. What's Like did she That's what she entered the phone. Addie, all you getting is 0.5 stud. Okay. And you gotta bring your own dildo. Yeah. What's up with it? What's up? So you a stud, correct? Correct. But you take that 1.5 And that, that's two. I don't know. I don't know. No woman in my life that one say have You ever had real penis? What? My mine was like 17, you know what I'm saying? Girlfriend and a boyfriend. But when I did with the girl I was like this girl was supposed to be had a, He ain't paying 1.5 for no stud anyway.


You might get to 0.5 Because he might because ain't nobody touch me. Oh really? So you first of all, so you now you Get version. You said you've been there, done that before. Don't do that. That was 17. She's slightly used Now you on So you think you could get it all? Relax. I'm not, I'm barely, I'm barely preowned. Preowned Car miles Surely got 500 miles on it. That's all right. I Like five miles, not Five, Five miles. Okay. Jess, how much for a pre, a pre-owned stud with a few miles? I Don't. One five. I don know. I think you could get a girl.


Not sure. And she, she probably fine. I don dunno. No woman that ain't taking it. Okay Alrightyy. Thank you Addie the stud. Alright. 800. No, I just want the record to show what's the, what's the pro, what's the correct que no cisgendered woman called up here yet, Bro, there's a couple on line, we're gonna get them next. Okay. 805 8 5 1 0 5 1 is The Breakfast Club. Good morning.


Peace of the planet. Charlemagne to God here. And I just want you to know if you're not on Amazon Prime, you're seriously missing out. It's not just about the fast free delivery, although let's be real, that's a game changer. It especially was for me this holiday season. Prime is like your personal guide to everything you're into or want to get into. Whether it's binge watching the latest hit on Prime video, you know, listening to your favorite playlist on Amazon music or getting those last minute gifts, which same day, free delivery prime's got you covered. And here's the kicker. Prime isn't just about getting you closer to your passions, it's about helping you discover new ones too. Got a hobby you're obsessed with Prime Fuels it. Trying something new Prime helps you dive deep into whatever's next. It's like me being passionate about mental health. You can order all kinds of books on mental health on Prime. My favorite is the Unapologetic Guide to Black Mental Health by Dr. Rita Walker. Prime gets you closer to what really matters, making all times of the year that much more special. Whether it's screaming your favorite movie or getting that perfect gift delivered the same day, prime makes everything easy and stretch free. Whatever you're into, it's on Prime is an amazon.com/prime.


Now The World is constantly changing. It's up to you to decide how to respond. Choose to be bold to try something new. Choose to reinvent yourself. That's what Nissan did with the all new totally reimagined kicks. The dynamic new exterior styling immediately announces that Nissan isn't messing around the interior. A completely redesigned cabin with premium features like wireless Apple call play and a panoramic moonroof make driving a kicks immersive and exciting. And with new performance and safety features like Intelligent All-Wheel Drive, the Kicks is both fun and safer to drive than ever before. It is the dawning of a brand new era for the Nissan Kicks. Only one question remains. Is it a new error for you as well? Drive the all new Reimagined Nissan Kicks today. Available features compatible device service and consumer activation of Nissan Connect Services. Package required use only when safe and legal subject to third party service availability. For more information, see Nissan usa.com/connect/legal. Apple CarPlay is a trademark of Apple Link. Intelligent all-wheel drive cannot prevent collisions or provide enhanced traction in all conditions. Always monitor traffic and weather conditions.


Hey fam, this is Carlos Miller from the 85 South Show. If you're like me, you're always thinking about how to level up your career. Maybe you're fresh outta college, just starting in your field or even looking to switch things up and find your true calling. Whatever stage you're in, remember that this is your time to grow, to learn, and to build something that lasts. State Farm understands that early career development is key to long-term success. They've been a steady presence in our community and they know having the right support early can make all the difference. State Farm is there to help you make smart moves and to help you get the coverage you need. We all know that the journey to success is a marathon, not a sprint. It's all about staying focused, staying grounded, and making sure you're protected every step of the way. Let's build our careers with confidence knowing that State Farm is there to support us just like they've always been because like a good neighbor State Farm is there. Find out more at State Farm dot com.


Hi, I'm Cindy Crawford and I'm the founder of Meaningful Beauty. When Dr. Seba And I decided to do a skincare line together, he said to me, we are gonna give women meaningful beauty. And I said, that's exactly right. We wanna give women meaningful beauty, which means each and every product is meaningful. It has a a reason to exist. It's efficacious, you're gonna get results and then you just go out and live your life. Meaningful beauty, confidence is beautiful. Learn more@meaningfulbeauty.com.


The new year means new health goals, not just for your body but your finances too. But did you know financial health is directly related to identity protection? You need LifeLock because your personal info is in endless places that are outside of your control. It only takes one mistake and not even your mistake to expose you to identity theft and lost funds. LifeLock monitors hundreds of millions of data points per second and alerts you to threats you could miss on your own. If your identity is stolen, LifeLock's US based Restoration Specialists will fix it. Backed by the million dollar protection package, in fact, restoration is guaranteed. Or your subscription money back don't face drained accounts, fraudulent loans or other financial losses from identity theft alone resolve To make identity, health and wealth part of your New Year's goals with LifeLock, visit lifelock.com/iheart and save up to 40% your first year. That's 40% off at lifelock.com/iheart terms apply.


If y'all talking about it, you know we talking about it. It's topic time. Call 805 8 5 1 0 5 1 to join into the discussion with The Breakfast Club. Morning everybody. It's DJ Envy. Jess. Hilarious. Charlamagne the guy. We are The Breakfast Club. Lauren La Roasters here as well. If you're just joining us, we're talking about Skip Bayless. All right. Recently Fox and Skip Bailiff are being sued. And what are they being sued for? What? What allegedly happened? So it is sexual misconduct and a bunch of other things that a hairstylist and former makeup artist from Fox Sports or formerly a Fox Sports says happened in the workplace. And as a part of this, she's saying that Skip Bailiff offered her $1.5 million to have sex with him amongst other things.


Like he would make different sexual advances. Like allegedly hugging her, saying different words to her like she was voluptuous and stuff like that. Lawrence said she would do it for the 1.5. Yeah, Jessica, Larry said she would do it for the 1.5. That's right. Envy. Would you do it for the 1.5? No. Yeah She would. No, I would not envy. I would not. Why? Why you blushing? I would not do it for now because I'm not gay. That's why I'm not gay. I feel like y'all got all this money now and all this morals and y'all don't gotta think about much. But y'all before all of this, y'all wouldn't figure it out. You wouldn't talk about it after y'all should. Good. I got it. First of all, I got a daddy. Okay? And number one. And Jess has a dad. Yeah, but yeah, but y'all are women and actually me ain't no man. Exactly. That's what he saying. Exactly. I'm not game of play.


I'm not that game of play pay. That's not happening. He just Plays one on the radio I think. I think the way that y'all playing in here, you would let him hug you and touch you a little bit. What you mean touch me a little bit. You and me do all this stuff all day long for free. Now if you wanna pick me 1.5 million for a hug, you can get all them hugs all day. What's up og? How you, you Hugging from the back? But the Hugs was like he was rubbing up, like pushing his body on her and stuff. You hugging From the back? I'm not doing Hello? Who's this? Yes, Came from Miami. They came from Miami. Oh, I Know that. I a 3 0 4 from the 3 0 5. Definitely taking that 1.5. Absolutely. People out here sleeping with people for way less. No, I'm, I'm gonna have to go ahead and push little it back and he gonna get it. He for 1,000,005.


Yeah, He gonna get it. Dang. Okay. Thank you. Kay. Gone Get it. It's crazy. Hello? Who's this? It's Ashley. What's Up Ashley? What you doing for that 1.5? I'm taking my twin in there. We gonna have to be like twin. Where have you been? Gone get that bag for us. 'cause I'm not doing it. I'm not doing it. You Got a twin sister? Yep, I do. Oh, so you That and everything. So you tell your twin go get that money. Yep. We gonna have to money long his ass. Why should she split it with you though? I wouldn't split it half and half. Would you? She put her onto It. No, she'll we split the together. Why can't we split the Bag? No. Oh, They came out the same. They Because man, man managers only get five to 10%.


Your lawyer only get five to 10%. Why should I give you half? No, we, we locked in. She down for the call. She's a twin. That'll do it. I'm the twin that won't I put her on. She gotta split it with me. Okay. That's a, that's a good way to work. Figure it out. Okay. Thank you mama. Hello. Who's this? Good Morning. This is Melissa. Hey Melissa. Good morning for $1.5 million. Are you smashing Skip Bailers? No, I'm a happily married woman. You are the only person that called up here this morning. Men and women and studs that said no. Hey, you know, you know, you know God knows your heart, right? E Exactly. I do know that. So you would, but can I say something else? Sure. To Get it off my chest. Not if it's another lie. Well that wasn't a lie Though.


No, I believe you. I do believe you. But I just wanted to get off my chest. First of all, I'm calling from Pensacola, Florida. I'm a third grade teacher. And what I wanted get off my chest is something very serious. My oldest son passed away while incarcerated Alabama Department of Corrections, one of the most inhumane, corrupt places in The World. And I just really wanted to bring awareness and attention because I know of what happened there in New York with the man that passed away who was incarcerated. But really like, there's just so many inhumane things that go goes on in these prisons and there's literally nothing being done about it. And it's all these C cos are wring and drugs, weapons, all of these things.


And these men and women are dying. My, my son actually was one of the record number of men who died in Alabama Corrections in 2023. So I'm just trying to raise awareness and let people know that we have to stand up and we have to fight and we have to do something because it's just, it's horrible. Yeah, man. Definitely sending healing into you and your family. Thank you for sharing your story and sucking all the fun out of the, the room and outta this topic. But, but you did use our platform. I didn't need to. I know you didn't. You used our platform to speak to something that needs to be spoken to. So we Appreciate you And again, sorry for your loss. How can, what do you want? How can they, was it a call to action? Like, well What what we're, what we're doing now, as a matter of fact is another, another mom and myself.


We're trying to get a a a a group together. Just start somewhere. Got you. So it's, it's not all, all the way there yet. But we're, we're putting it Together. Well let us know how we can help it. I got one more question for you. Idris Elbow 1.5 million. Would you sleep with him? Happily married woman. Girl, Don't make me get a divorce. See what I'm saying? You see what I'm saying? Goodbye Melissa. Thank if, If it ain't a price, it's the person That's the person. Okay, now we got Brandon on the line. Now this says Brandon says times are hard and he would absolutely let that man smash for 1.5. I this one of our is our producer Brandon. Nah, this is another Brandon. Brandon, good morning. Okay, Good morning guys. So you would let him smash for 1.5?


Hell no. 1.5. No, he can have that. I'd rather go to a Diddy party for free than let skip pay smash me for 1.5. So hold on. You'd rather go to a Diddy party and get ran through for free than take the 1.5 For the old white man. Oh No, I'm gonna be doing, I'm gonna be doing the running through. Oh, so you, I'm so confused. So You be running, you gonna be running Through the dudes. So you wanna be gay for free, you don't wanna get paid for your game? Nah, I'm Be running through the women. It was a whole lot going on that them daddy party and dude don't do. Maybe I'm confused 'cause envy set your call up wrong and said that you times is hard and all kinds. That's What it said. He said he no times are hard. He would absolutely do it for 1.5. Did you not? Oh so you said one thing behind the scene did you said, oh he hung up.


Okay, where Brandon calling from? He didn't say he didn't say it. Don't say on the phone. I didn't Say. That's what I was saying that old John would've done say one thing behind the scene, do one thing but didn't say another because 1.5 is 1.5. Nah, I'm cool on that. Nah, I'm good. Well what's the moral of the story? If there's a Moral, the moral of the story is I like all of the honesty from our listeners this morning. Okay. Like, you know, like y'all out here effing for free. Y'all done f worse for free. So some of y'all want to take the 1.5. I ain't judging, I'm not here to judge. All right, well we got Jess with the mess coming up. What we talking about Jess? We got an exclusive update on Wendy Williams and where she been. So we'll get into that. Alright, we'll get into that next. So don't go anywhere. It's The Breakfast Club. Good morning. Morning everybody. It's DJ Envy, Jess, hilarious Charlamagne guy.


We are The Breakfast Club. Happy New Year and all that. And let's get to Jess with the mess. She Just hilarious. Superstar. Wait, you're funny now you're just with the mess. Your news is Real's. So funny. I gotta say that. She's one of my favorite people on Instagram, Princess. It's hilarious. Hilarious. And her news is On The Breakfast Club. Damn Jess. What's the news today? All right, so Wendy Williams left off in 2024 in Florida and she was visiting her family for her son's graduation. And her son had actually commented on a video that Charlamagne put up of her in Florida enjoying her son's graduation saying that Wendy is sober, she wants to come home.


And he also said that him and his family, they're fighting to make that happen because the isolation seems to be killing her quicker than anything else. According to him, Laura LaRosa was told exclusively that in addition to everything I just said, the family is trying to get an attorney to help her get outta that guardianship and that the Guardian is trying to make Wendy look incapacitated for the sake of the lifetime lawsuit that she got. And Wendy seemed more normal, you know, the whole time she even went off on her caretakers while, Yeah, I seen Wow. You know about her scooter and everything. We got audio for that. The Guy who was in the, and then you and then both of you walked away leaving my shit in the middle of the street like this. Just get some car, please make sure it's the right car.


Look Wendy, what happened? What'd they do? They got the wrong car. So I knocked on the door and it was totally wrong car. They left my scooter as they walked over there leaving my most precious, most this cost a meal. They're supposed to be ordering the car. That's what they're supposed to be doing. They wanna work for me. That's what they're doing. They're making money for me. Get the God call. That doesn't seem like I missed that voice. Yeah, that that before. I think a couple of what, a couple of right before the break, a couple of months ago, they made it seem like Wendy was in hospice and down bad. Yeah, down bad. She Couldn't move. She couldn't. Yeah. That doesn't sound like that Wendy to me. Nah, that's all Ka I I spoke to Wendy over the holidays.


You did? Yeah. Yeah. What happened? She seemed perfectly fine to me. Like Wendy sounded like she could do radio tomorrow if she wanted to. You Reached out to her. She reached out to you. How did it happen? She called you? She called me. Yeah. And I don't, I don't, I don't know what incapacitated means in regards to dementia or whatever it is they say she was dealing with. But no, there ain't nothing incapacitated about Wendy Williams. How was her energy? How was She? Sound like Wendy Williams. I'm trying to tell you. Like, there was, there was she didn't miss Skip a beat? She actually said to me when she called me, she was like, why are you answering the phone? Like we just, we just spoke yesterday. We just talked last week. Like she wanted me to be more excited and She called me stop backing, like stop backing. Like, can you sit on my lap, nigga? What's up? That's exactly, no, that, that's exactly what it was.


To the point where they, you know, you know, sometimes you be on like I had my, my my the phone on like my shoulder. Yeah. And I was washing my hands 'cause I peed and Oh, we didn't have to hear that part because I'm just saying, And I, And I guess the, the, the phone must have act must have said record or something like that. So the phone says, and when I saw it, I stopped it. So it said, it said Recording conversation. Yeah, Yeah. Record. So she was like, are you recording me? And then she was like, no, you wouldn't do that. Like, so it's like she's perfectly normal. Yeah. From what I heard. I don't know. I could be wrong And I don't like that new side note. Why You gotta talk to Wendy? Why you Peeing? I was paying to Peeing was on the phone for a long time. Oh right. You was already in conversation when You and that new feature on the phone.


I, I don't like, that's happened to me a couple of times. Why has that happened? Yes, because It's, there's not even no record on the thing. I don't do what's Going on. It's on the top left. It's like a thing. If you push it, it says recording and that's happened to me a bunch of times And I feel bad, like people feel like I'm recording their conversation. Oh, so When you on a call, it says record, Right? So if I call you right now, right. See the God, right? And then on the top left, it's a, it's a feature that if you push, it starts recording a conversation That's Happened to me a few times. Yes. On The phone. Just regularly talking and, and and it presses Record it, it answer right very fast. Right loud. Okay. Answer. Alright. Okay. Now you see right there on the top left, It don't say Record or mine on the top left. You See it? Oh, blinds In that. So you push it, it starts recording. Oh, I don't like That.


Nah, I don't like it either. I don't Like that. Did she say she wanted to come back to, to media? Did she say anything about that? Like she wished she could be giving us all the Tea. I don't wanna say all of that. Oh, okay. But like I said, she could do radio tomorrow if she wanted to. Oh, okay. I say that. Cool. That's What's up a minute. She want to, I don't, I'm not, I don that's not, that's not for me. Can't say that. Yeah, you Recorded the whole call, but you can't tell us. I I would never do that. All Right. But Jesse should have asked him. Did, did she wanna do a podcast? Mm, well well she said she already wanted to do a podcast before she put that out there already. I'm Just say she calling you, you have your podcast. She me because It was the holidays. Okay. That's what that was about. It was a holiday phone call catching up with your people at the end of the year. That's what that was. Yes. He was scared but dropping on a cruise bombs for Wendy Williams.


Okay. What'd you say, Jess? I said he was scared as how we saw that number. It wasn't a number, it was a block call. Thank you. And he even more Know what Up. No call. Id even More scared Anyway. All right. Listen, 50 cent responds to his Vegas show critique. So he did his first Vegas residency at Planet Hollywood Resorting Casino. And when the residency first residency first started, we saw a bunch of big names going to go see the show. Like Amanda Barnes, Danielle Fi, that's Topanga from Boy Meets World. I grew up watching her Ving Rames, couple more people. But a few days in, we also started to see like negative critiques of the show. The show was being called The Worst Res Residency in Las Vegas.


And one critic said that it was the worst live performance for any artist. And then a blogger shared that the show was bad because the sound in the theater was terrible and the hype men were louder than him for the entire show. So she also said that 50 Bailey spoke to the crowd and 50 responded to the, to the critiques when he was on stage 50. That's what I'm gonna do. I don't say the music was bad, all that man. What You thought I was gonna be out here Rolling Blade. Like I said, Chris Brown was flying in Africa. I don't have records that require me to fly in Africa, Nigga, you don't have records that require you hanging upside down for mass amounts of time.


But you did that Well in the club video. I think he's reenacting that every time he does that. Yeah, You can't do that though. At this age. You can't do that. You know what, what? You know, I really hated that. I felt like they, the blogs and the press allowed somebody from outside the culture to give a, a bad comment of how she felt about the show and it went viral. And I never see that happen with anybody else. When people go to these shows, like, you know, when you go to shows, you have thousands and thousands of people. Somebody might not like your show. Somebody loves your show. But I didn't like how they did that. I don't think that you should go to a, I like how they did that descent Vegas show thinking about other Vegas shows. Correct. I think that's the other problem, right? Like if you, especially if you've seen us' show us just skating and flying around, you got stripper coming out And I have, I've personally never been to any other Vegas show, but I would only assume that all those other Vegas shows have these big huge performances too.


But I'm not going to a 50 cent show expecting that. Yeah, they're dancers. Chris Brown and Usher are dancers. They're, you know, they do more than sing and, and rap and all that. So yeah, I still did. I didn't like the fact that somebody outside our culture is, is telling us about how she feels and blogs from our culture starts posting it like it's facts. I just, I didn't like that. I didn't like that at all. I Don know it is with the negativity, thriving. They don't care who it is and we'll go against our own no matter what. So that's just for the mess for this hour. Thank you Jess. Yep. Charlaine. Yes. We gimme a donker too, Man. Four after the hour we need Bruce Fisher. That's the husband of Senator Deborah de Deborah Fisher. Deb Fisher. We need him to come to the congregation. We'd like to have a word with him. Please. All right, we'll get to that. Next it The Breakfast Club.


Good morning. Your execution on the donkey of the day is something to go. Is it a read? He gave me Donkey of the day And I deserve, the People need to know. Well you need to tell them I am because you have the voice. Tell them. Tell tell. It's time for Donkey of the Day. It's a read, but you're so good At it. You trying to be a fake ass Charlamagne. There's only one Charlamagne damn charlamagne. Who You giving Dusty Day to now? Well, sexy red donkey of day for Tuesday, January 7th goes to Bruce Fisher. He is the husband of Senator Deb Fisher. Senator Fisher was sworn in by Vice President Kamala Harris for her third term in the US Senate. And her husband refused to shake the vice president's hand during his wife's swearing in ceremony.


Let's listen. Come here, Kick on the ground. No, it's okay. I'll don't worry. Okay, we're okay. Do you solemnly swear to support and defend the constitution of the United States against all enemies, foreign and domestic. So help you God. Thank you. Congratulations. Thank, thank you. Thank for your work. Thank you. Congratulations to you. Thank you. Thanks. Sure. Damn if you couldn't really hear what happened, you know, she, she was telling her Uhuh telling Bruce I don't bite. That's what the VP was saying. I don't bite before he refused to shake her hand.


Now let the record show I am big on consistency. So it's a part of me that applauds what Bruce Fisher did. I set a part of me. Okay? Unlike a lot of you digital Deadheads, I'm able to see the whole totality of a situation and not just what I agree with. See, to me it's incredible that Democrats are playing so nice after all the talk of Trump being the end of democracy. Okay? Trump being a fascist. It's like they not keeping the same energy at all. Democrats out here talking about peaceful transfers of power, listen to the VP VP speak on it. This announcement of the state of the vote by the President of the Senate shall be deemed a sufficient declaration of the persons elected president and vice President of the United States, each for a term beginning on the 20th day of January, 2025, and shall be entered together with the list of the votes on the journals of the House and the Senate.


I don't know if that's what I was looking for, but look, I'm all for the peaceful transfer of power. But Democrats keep following these political norms and traditions and it's confusing because you can't call a man a fascist and a dictator. But when he wins, throws all that rhetoric out the window. Unless of course it was just politics and you never believed it. I've told y'all this already, yes, I've called Trump a fascist, not because of anything Democrats say, but because of the words I've heard come outta Trump's mouth. But it's, it's almost like Democrats don't realize how they screwed themselves for the future because the midterms are right around the corner. The only thing they can hope for is that Republicans implode and f things up so bad that the American people are just dying for a change. Because there's nothing Democrats can say about Republicans that we should believe after they spent weeks calling Trump a fascist and calling Republicans fascists and telling us it would be the end of democracy only to put a button on all of that.


Meanwhile, Republicans like Bruce Fisher, they keeping that same energy. Okay? He didn't shake the BP's hand simply because he doesn't like her or Democrats. Period. They draw clear lines in the sand, they signal to their base every time They don't like Democrats. Democrats are terrible and not worthy of any respect. Nonetheless, your vote and the fact that the VP happens to be a woman and a woman of color, oh you get extra points from your base for that. Okay? See, Republicans are already thinking about the future. They thinking about the midterms, they're thinking about 2028. It is a clear us versus dim mentality. And the way Republicans treat Dems is how dims should be treating Republicans.


Especially if you telling us that they threats the democracy. Especially if you saying their leader is a fascist. Why would you wanna shake hands with those folks? And why would Republicans wanna shake hands with you? Okay. If that's how you spend your time talking about them, I get it. But Bruce, here's the thing, it wasn't about you, okay? It's your wife's day. If your wife has to nudge you and tell you to stand closer to the vp, basically just nudging you to show some respect, you should show that respect because your wife is a senator and your wife as a senator understands democracy. She actually posted photos of the event and pledged to continue to stand together.


Bruce, you should follow your wife's lead. Listen to her because whether you realize it or not, you stepped all over her moment. Please let Chelsea handler give Bruce Fisher the biggest. He haw, He haw, he haw. That is way too much Dan Mayonnaise. Alright, well let's, let's open up the phone lines. Let's, for The Breakfast Club court play the theme music. Wait for you pull it up. There we go. 805 8 5 1 0 5 1. Now Charlamagne just broke it down. Bruce did not want to shake Kamala Harris's hand. Nope. Right? Let's open up the phone lines. What's your thoughts? (800) 585-1051. 'cause at first when I thought about it, I'm like, how could you not shake the Vice President's hand? How could you not shake Kamala Harris's hand?


But then I had to take a step back for a second and say, how petty is this light-skinned person, right? White. White. If I don skinned white, no, I'm talking about myself. Oh, if I don't f with you, I ain't shaking your hand. Regardless. There's a lot of people in this world right now to this day. If they woke up with me with the Bible in their hand and, and, And I am not shaking their hand, I might not shake that person here. 'cause if I don't, why the Bible Black? No. If I don't with you, I don't with you. I don't care what you got in your hand. What you talking about now? But if I don't with you, you did some F ish to me. I ain't shaking your hand. Now let me ask you a question just before we go to the phone lines (800) 585-1051. If you don't mess with somebody and they stick their hand out to shake your hand, even if they give Chris an award, even if they say Chris is the man, are you shaking their hand?


Or how you looking at them? Chris, Peace of the planet. Charlemagne to God hand. And I just want you to know, if you're not on Amazon Prime, you're seriously missing out. It's not just about the fast free delivery, although let's be real, that's a game changer. It especially was for me this holiday season. Prime is like your personal guide to everything you're into or want to get into. Whether it's binge watching, the latest hit on Prime video, you know, listening to your favorite playlist on Amazon music or getting those last minute gifts, which same day, free delivery prime's got you covered. And here's the kicker. Prime isn't just about getting you closer to your passions, it's about helping you discover new ones too. Got a hobby you're obsessed with Prime Fuels it. Trying something new Prime helps you dive deep into whatever's next.


It's like me being passionate about mental health. You can order all kinds of books on mental health on Prime. My favorite is the Unapologetic Guide to Black Mental Health by Dr. Rita Walker. Prime gets you closer to what really matters, making all times of the year that much more special. Whether it's screaming your favorite movie, or getting that perfect gift delivered the same day, prime makes everything easy and stress free. Whatever you're into, it's on Prime. Visit amazon.com/prime now. The World Is constantly changing. It's up to you to decide how to respond. Choose to be bold to try something new. Choose to reinvent yourself. That's what Nissan did with the all new totally reimagined kicks. The dynamic new exterior styling immediately announces that Nissan isn't messing around the interior.


A completely redesigned cabin with premium features like wireless Apple Call Play in a panoramic moonroof make driving a kicks immersive and exciting. And with new performance and safety features like Intelligent All Wheel Drive, the kicks is both fun and safer to drive than ever before. It is the dawning of a brand new era for the Nissan Kicks. Only one question remains. Is it a new era for you as well? Drive the all new Reimagined Nissan Kicks today. Available Features compatible device service and consumer activation of Nissan Connect Services. Package required use only when safe and legal subject to third party service availability. For more information, see Nissan usa.com/connect/legal. Apple CarPlay is a trademark of Apple Link. Intelligent all-wheel drive cannot prevent collisions or provide enhanced traction in all conditions. Always monitor traffic and weather conditions.


Hey fam, if you like me, you're thinking about how to level up in your career. Maybe you're fresh outta college, just start in your field or even look at the switch things up. Add, find your true calling. Whatever stage you're in, remember that this is your time to grow, to learn, and to build something that lasts. State Farm understands that early career development is key to long-term success. They've been a steady presence in our communities and they know that having the right support early on can make all the difference. State Farm is there to help you make smart moves and to help you get the coverage you need. We all know the journey to success is a marathon, not a sprint. It's about staying focused, staying grounded, and making sure you're protected every step of the way.


Let's build our careers with confidence, knowing that State Farm is there to support us just like they've always been because like a good neighbor state forum is there. Find out more@stateforum.com. Hi, I'm Cindy Crawford and I'm the founder of Meaningful Beauty. Well, I don't know about you, but like I never liked being told, oh wow, you look so good for your age. Like why even bother saying that? Why don't you Just say you look great at any age, every age? That's what meaningful beauty is all about. We create products that make you feel confident in your skin at the age you are now. Meaningful beauty, beautiful skin at every age.


Learn more@meaningfulbeauty.com. Hi, this is Shirley Strawberry from the Steve Harvey Morning show. Toyota has been building a legacy of excellence for years from developing hybrid technology to upping the standards of safety and efficiency. Toyota is always innovating, always making progress. And with Toyota's superior lineup of SUVs in stock at your local Toyota dealer, you can experience the legacy for yourself. So check out an adventure Ready RAV4 designed to be the perfect mix of style, practicality and go anywhere attitude or a test drive a capable and affordable Corolla cross with the style space and available tech to keep you cool and connected.


And both RAV4 and Corolla Cross are available with all wheel drive giving you the freedom to roam quality, reliability, efficiency. That's the legacy of Toyota. Visit buy a toyota.com, the official website for deals to find out more. Toyota, let's go places. Chris, I'm I don. I'm in. Oh, If, if I don't deal with you, no, you know, it don't gotta be like, you know, no threats or nothing like that. But I'm not gonna shake your hand. Why would I shake your hand? I don't deal with you outside of this. I'm not gonna deal with you right now. That's why I said I I, it is a part of me. I'm not upset. I get it. Republicans like Bruce Fisher, they keep that same energy.


Okay. If I don't like you, if I don't like the Democrats, I'm gonna draw a clear line in the sand and let people know that I actually think Democrats should be the way. Democrats have spoken about Republicans. That's how they should be treating Republicans. But no, they want to be, you know, they didn't want to do, do the things the right way and be all about traditions and norms. And that's why you lose elections. Well, let's open up the phone lines. What are your thoughts? 805 8 5 1 0 5 1. Let's discuss when we come back. Are you that petty or are you gonna shake the hand? 'cause it is the vice president. Let's discuss. It's The Breakfast Club. Good morning. The Breakfast Club. Morning everybody. It's DJ Envy. Just hilarious. Charlamagne the guy. We are The Breakfast Club.


If he just joining us. Charlamagne gave donkey today To who? Bruce Fisher. He is the husband of Senator Deb Fisher. She was sworn in and Bruce refused to shake the vice president's hand. So, you know, he stepped all over his wife's moments. Yeah, He might've stepped over his wife's moment. But I, I understand if I don't f with you, I don't f with you to the grave. Don't shake my hand. Don't, don't come over here trying to talk to me. I just don't mess with you. I it is what it is. I I get it. Yeah. He, he stepped on his wife's moment. But I don't f with you. What about you? Just with your thoughts? Same. Yeah, I'm deal with you Emini here. I'm not going, I'm, it's never gonna be like that. So whatever. So Charla, man, you shaking hand. Well, listen, it's politics, right?


So being that it's politics, it's my wife's moment. It's not mine. So I would shake the VP's hand. But I do understand the po the, I do understand it from a political standpoint, you know, from a political standpoint, it works because Republicans draw a clear line in the sand and they let you know, we don't f with these people, we don't f with Democrats. And the base sees that and understands it, right? They, they signal to their base every time that they don't like Democrats. Democrats are terrible and not worthy of any respect. Nonetheless, your vote, it's like yesterday, right? I saw everybody saw a lot of Democrats posting about January 6th, right? And I saw a lot of Democrats saying things like, never forget who Donald Trump and Republicans are.


Never forget who these thugs are, which I thought was ridiculous because they, they won the election. So I don't even you doing this for what reason? They're doing it. Because in the future they want people to remember this is who's caused this, this, this, this, this, this insurrection. So maybe when you get into the voting booth, you'll think about that, even though it did not work for the, for the presidential election. But what they were attempting to do to Republicans yesterday, this Republican Bruce Fisher did, by not shaking the VP's hand signaling to his base and letting his base know, we don't f with these people. These people are terrible. Yep. That's what Democrats were trying to do all day yesterday with the insurrection. But see, but, but it don't stick for whatever reason.


But even yesterday, what it showed me is that Trump rides with his people to the end. He said, when I get in office, I'm, I'm getting my people out. Absolutely. I'm getting him out. What does that show you? He rides with his people. Regardless. I'm right or wrong, he gonna ride with his people. Alright, but let's go to the phone lines. We got Mar keys on the line. Marquis, good morning. Good morning. What's your thoughts, Man? So my thoughts, man. First of all, I wanna say good morning to you guys, man. I see y'all every morning. I definitely make it simple before I get in the car to hear Doctor Today. Yes sir. Thank you. Appreciate you, bro. Appreciate that. Yes, Sir. Yes sir. My thoughts are Democrats are like the, like the forgiving black folks. Like we always forgive people that do do us wrong. Mm. Now do I do I do.


I I definitely don't respect Emini here, don't appreciate what he did. But I have to respect it because if I have beef with you, I'm not finna smile in your face the next day. I'm just gonna keep it a buck. Absolutely. Right. And that's what's so confusing because Democrats spent all of this time they were calling Trump a fascist, saying that if you vote for Republicans and Trump is the end of democracy. But now it's just like we all about the peaceful transfer of power and welcome back to the White House and we'll help you any way we can. Latrice? Yes. Hey, good morning Latrice. What's your thoughts? Good Morning. You know what? I thought that it was very disrespectful for him to deny shaking Kamala's hand because if, if, if it's his wife's day, he needs to stand behind his wife. And if she's showing respect to Kamala, he needs to respect his wife and do the same.


I agree with that. That's why I gave him donkey today. He stepped all over his wife moment. Okay. Thank you Latrice. Exactly. Two things can be true. And that's why I keep, that's why I said during donkey today, I'm able to look at things, you know, in, in, in their whole totality as opposed to just looking at what I agree with or disagree with. Yeah, he might've had that conversation really before with his wife beforehand though. He was like, he might've said, you know, when we go up there, she try to shake my hand. I ain't shaking her hand might've. Hello? Who's this? This is RA from Detroit. What up though? What up though? Talk to us. What's your thoughts? Is there's there street decorum and there's professional, he displayed street decorum. That's the office of the vice president. He should have been shaking her hand and it was his wife's moment like said, come on now, put some respect on the Vice presidency's office.


Emini here. That's how things are supposed to work. Thank you. In a normal democracy. But we're not in a normal democracy anymore. We're not Democrats keep up with these, these traditions and these political norms. And that's why they got they ass kicked on November 5th, The 805 8 5 1 0 5 1. If he's just joining us, Charlamagne gave donkey today. The who? Hmm? Bruce Fisher, the husband of Senator Deb Fisher. All right. And he didn't shake her hand, so we're asking, He didn't shake Kamala Harris' hand the vice president. Would you shake the Vice President's hand if you wasn't messing with her? If you wasn't effing with a, if there was a, a line in the sand. If she's on one side, you on the other side. Or would you do the right thing, the political thing and shake her hand and keep it moving? Let's discuss this. The Breakfast Club. Good morning.


Morning everybody. It's DEJ Envy, Jess. Hilarious. Charlamagne, the guy. We are The Breakfast Club. If you're just joining us. Charlamagne gave Donkey of the Day. To who? Bruce Fisher, the husband of Senator Deb Fisher, Senator Deb Fisher got sworn in and he refused to shake the vice president hand while his wife was getting sworn in for her third Senator term. So We're asking what are your thoughts? We got Shauna on the line. Shauna, good morning. Good morning. What's your thoughts, Shauna? Hi. Well, I just wanted to make a comment to Solomon. I listen to you guys every morning. I'm driving my daughter to school. I just wanted to say, look, I think it's, it's, it's silly to think that we have to respond to the ignorance on the, on the other side. We just need to keep it respectable.


I I get what you're saying that the Democrats, we, we, we don't have any stand up to the Republicans, but you know what? We don't have to suit to their level. It's becoming redundant. Let them be who they are and we just need to push forward and continue to do the things that we need to do to get back in office. No, but I don't to suit to their level. Dola main. I I hear you. Every morning I be yelling at the the radio. Because listen, I don't think that we should act ratchet like them. We know who they are. We don't have to stoop to those levels. And I just wanted to say that I love The Breakfast Club, Jess. Hilarious. DJ Envy. I love you guys. And Charlamagne, thank you. I love you Too. Thank You so much, SHA. Thank you.


Alrighty. Now Aaron, So listen, yes. What's your thoughts? Listen, this is the day envy. We going to stop with this rationalization that we doing you my dog Envy. But listen, I'm you over here trying to rationalize Sam. Oh, you know, if I don't like somebody, I get that same thing. You know, same thing that, that Jeff said. Well listen, let's call a spade a spade. We gotta start with this fallacy. As African American peoples, when it comes to the caucus community, they don't mess with us. They show us. They, they show us every time. They don't. And we still ask these same questions, man, you know, this, this and that. Call the state is afraid they don't mess with us. So we need to stop messing with them.


Point blank like they show us on Now, now, now, now. Hold on. They now, now re remember what I said during Donkey of the Day. I said during Donkey of the day that Republicans draw clear line in the sand, they signal to their base every time that they don't like Democrats. Democrats, they're terrible. True and not worthy of any respect. Nonetheless, your vote. And I said the fact that the VP happens to be a woman and a woman of color, you get extra points from your base for that. Like this isn't just some that is correct. This isn't just, you know, Touche, Touche. That was, that was my base brother. That was my phase brother. That, that did the rationale. Yeah. This is, this is layered. This is a layered, the disrespect that Bruce showed is layered. Yes. But everything they do with us is layered. They always show us their true colors.


It's always layered, it's put right in front of us. But we do, you know, we always try to rationalize with them going, well, you know, they could mean this note. They show us how they feel every single time and we choose not to accept them. We choose to rationalize even though they, you know, they show us in our face what they feel like. So, you know, with Bruce, I respect it to me. I want them to show us how they feel. Because I know who my enemies are. I don't want any false handshakes or hugs. I want them to show me how you feel. So I know who I'm Dealing with. Alright, now we have Eric on the line. Eric is looking at this a different way. Good morning, Eric. Tell us what your thoughts are. Well If you watch the video, if you zoom in on it, the, the senators too is holding a cane with a, in a Bible with the other. So there's no possible way for him to shake hand.


He wasn't being disrespectful. He's just an old man who walked with a cane and you gotta the one hand in the Bible on the other. And the only way to shake her hand is he and his wife the Bible, or let go of the cane and fall on his face. Now Eric, you, you are right. He is holding a cane in one hand and a Bible in the other hand. But right when she goes to shake his hand, he passes the Bible to his wife and at that point he could shake her hand. Yeah. And because he's seen the fact that, that she, she had her hand out And the wife is nudging her husband towards the vp. It was so noticeable that the VP said, Hey, I don't bite. You can come closer. Oh, okay. I, the video I saw standing there with a bible and can't hang on the boat the same time.


Eric, I don't have no problem with you defending your white fellow white people. Okay, I get it. You're trying, you're trying to, you're trying to look for the bright, the right side of things. Yeah, I was Trying to be optimistic. Nah, nah. He could have shook her hand and even if he had, when he passed the Bible over, he could have went back and shook her head. He wasn't giving her a no eye contact. You could clearly see he wasn't effing with her. All right, well is there moral to the story? No, there is not a moral to the story because none of this is gonna change. Nope. Okay then none of it is gonna change. Republicans are gonna continue to draw clear lines in the sand and let their base know who the enemy is and Democrats are gonna continue to try to do the right thing. Okay? And, and when they go low, they go high. And that's why y'all gonna keep getting y'all ass kicked in these elections.


All right, well we got just with the mess coming up. What we talking about Jess? Man, Naomi done posted that she done broke up with Corde so we gonna get into that. Alright. Because he was just up here saying something different. Yeah, I thought he was just saying that thing. Well, we'll get into it next. We won't get into it. All right. It's The Breakfast Club. Good morning. Morning everybody. It's DJ Envy, just Solaris. Charlamagne the guy. We are The Breakfast Club. Happy New Year. And let's get to just with the mess. Just hilarious superstar. You're funny now you're just with the mess. Your news is real. And she's so funny. I gotta say that. She's one of my favorite people on Instagram. That's hilarious. Hilarious.


And her news is on The Breakfast Club. Damn Jess, what's the news today? Well fans believe that Drake had dis LeBron James in this new freestyle. So a freestyle was released on Conductor Williams YouTube. So Conductor Williams is a producer that Drake works with a lot. And what was interesting was it was later deleted from YouTube but then it was re-uploaded to ig. Everybody thought it was deleted because it wasn't supposed to have been leaked or whatever, but it was uploaded by somebody else that works with Drake. Somebody on his team who does his visuals. This girl and Drake is sitting in a dim room with like fire or whatever and he's going in and this is the freestyle was called Fight Nourish.


Let's take a listen. The World fell in love with the gimmicks. Even my brothers got tickets, seemed like they loved every minute. Just know the shit is personal to us. And it wasn't just business analyzing behavioral patterns is somewhat suspicious. It was never happy for me when I run up the digit or when I'm breaking world records still as I guzzle Guinness or when I get my fifth Ma back. 'cause the color is different. Remember we traded watches I gave you the Arabic guy, you gave me a number to edition. You would even check up on my son like a pediatrician. Sure. Convinced the gang was rooted in love when it isn't. Show me how different we are. His blessings and juxtaposition I guess now you boys gotta abandon your summer tradition.


Okay, well people think he was going at LeBron in his freestyle 'cause he mentioned his brother receiving tickets and giving it into gimmicks. So we all know LeBron went to the Juneteenth pop out And I remember it was rumored that Drape was so mad at LeBron being at the pop out. You know that he unfollowed him on IG and then he makes reference to a AIC dial that's a Rolex. And the watch a watch Drake says he traded with somebody. Now it's photos of LeBron with this watch on throughout the years. So people are just putting two and two together. You know the fans, they speculate and they come up with stuff and they think that he talking about LeBron watch. But this is also something crazy. It's also a part of the freestyle where Drake hints at tarnishing somebody's public image.


Let's listen. Talking about We family, while I'm not the cousin of visit, God forbid we ever gotta tarnish your public image or that brother talk as if I really discovered a sibling six degrees. My memories retrieving our humble beginnings wanted trouble, grab the shovel in double some ditches, cover my body in dirt. And that wasn't me. Corny, right? Yeah. People going off about it. Nobody told you to get them people tattooed on you. Boy, That's crazy. Well I will say this, I think it's Arabic dial, but if they were that close and they were that cool and it seems like they were and he probably felt like LeBron is his friend and and they spent summers together and they spent time in Miami and Toronto. And who told you they spent summer together And I, And I put my your jersey on my arm.


I tattooed. Who told you to do that? I tattooed your jersey. We probably, we thought we were friends, we thought we were boys, we thought we were good man. Please. And then all of a sudden when when The World is kicking my my back down and The World is kicking my back in, you say Jess and you join. I feel a way Too. What you say Jess? It sound like a love letter. Like yo, what happened? You cheated. Like, you know what I'm saying? It sound like they was lovers. Like this is too much. It sound, it do sound like Drake broke up with all his NBA boos in his head. In his head. DeMar DeRose and Ron. You would even check up on my son like a pediatrician. Like, yo, Why? What's Going on with you? I like, I like when Drake raps, but why are you sitting around writing the heartbreak Records? But that's what he should do. 'cause these guys in a dark dim room.


But that's what he should do. That's what we said. We instead of of of going to Instagram and IG and social media, we should, he should be putting it in his music. I would've loved to hear an album off of it but, But you, you writing the heartbreak records because you got your ass kicked in a rap battle and everybody in they mama agrees. What Is so crazy? Y'all said he shouldn't be rap, he shouldn't be online talking about it. He should put in his music in there. What? He puts it in his music. You're saying he's a sucker for putting in His music? No, we just saying don't sound gay about it when you're doing it. That's what we're simply trying to say. That his feelings, That's his feelings. That's his feelings. Now you got bro, bro like just said, they sound like lovers bro was like bro you clearly like it more. Not like you. I'm saying I don't like nobody but you for real people was going off about it because it's given what this drink had on LeBron the first thing that people went.


Yeah, but it just sounds like you Got got candles lit in the room with LeBron's. That's what wanted, that's what you wanted to He got lotion in his hand. Why lotion? Yeah, We stop it. He went LeBron's jersey was no lotion. You been writing Yo Anyway. Yo Naomi Osaka announces breakup with Corde Yo Destiny Naomi. So this is The breakup just with the mess? Yes. Yes. Yo Naomi Osaka, she shared a post announcing that she broke up with him. She said hi everyone just wanted to say that Corde And I are no longer in a relationship. No bad blood at all. He's a great person and an awesome dad. Honestly really glad that our pa our paths crossed because my daughter is my biggest blessing And I was able to grow a lot from our experiences together.


Now that's crazy 'cause we just had this nigga up here before the, the end of the year. Right. And he said something totally different. How are you and Naomi though? Yeah. Nah, we good man life, Y'all know because y'all don't post each other so much. People even speculate about that. Maybe they broke up or anything. That speaks to what you was talking about, about just everything connecting negatively. I am a super private person. I am like, I try my best as much as I can be. Like when it comes to my personal life to be super private, like as much as I can be because some stuff you gotta keep for yourself and when you allow like outside opinion, when you let in outside opinions can be family members. You know what I'm saying? And that can get in the way of stuff that's important to you so mad when you add The World to that, that that's a whole nother thing.


And so I try to be as private as I possibly can about like my personal life. Like, you know, even with my daughter and you know Yeah my relationship and stuff. I know he wished that she was super private about some things. 'cause I that would've, that would be like a slap in my face. Like yo, I just told them that I'm super, super private and she just straight posted it. I never understood that though. I never understood why people had to do that. Like why are you making a public announcement that y'all broke up? You know what Emini here, like I If, if y'all was private about y relationship, You know what I'm saying? Like why, what does that do? You know what I'm saying? What, what is that supposed to do now? What you know, you letting niggas know. All right you can jump in the dm, you know tennis shorty out head back on the streets.


Like why, why, why would you have to do that? But it is, it is to each his own just the mess, the mess of the Day. So mess this just what the mess was all about one sided relationships court. They thought things was all good. Drake thought things was all good and these athletes day in relationships with are like, nah, we Cool all that's What it is. He said these athletes. All right well that is just the mess. Thank you Jess. You're welcome. Here Just get to the People's Choice Mix. Happy holidays happy. Ain't the holidays no more. Oh you right. Happy New Year. We're back today. It's The Breakfast Club. Good morning. You are checking out The Breakfast Club. Morning everybody. It's DJ Envy, Jess, hilarious. Charlamagne the guy. We are The Breakfast Club now again, happy New Year to e everybody out there Jess is actually stuck in the DMV area 'cause of the storm that hit y'all, right?


Absolutely. And we supposed to be getting more snow but man Yeah, I saw The go this crazy. It's about nine inches here. Yeah, governor Westmore said it's a state of emergency in Maryland, so stay your ass off the road. Most definitely. All right, well oh And then also it's black ice so 'cause it get cold at night. That's right. So it's, it's slippery as Hell, especially the time that you would be driving in there. But it would be super duper dangerous. So I hate that we call it black ice. It's just another thing that we put black on that you know is negative for no reason. I Don't know why I think 'cause the streets is black. Yeah the asphalt Is black and you can't see it. So it's like instead of ice being True, you can't see it because It's, that's not true. Sometimes it be on gray sidewalks, sometimes it be on Gray Highways.


What you talking about? Well the term came From gray ice asphalt. Okay Dr. Omar. It ain't Dr. Omar, it's just true. Anything negative they put black on, they just do. Oh my god. Black liquor, black jelly beans, the nastiest jellybean. They are horrible. You know what I'm saying? Hey they are, they're disgusting. Shut Up. Yeah. Alright, when we come back we got the positive notice The Breakfast Club. Good morning. Morning everybody. It's CJ Envy. Just hilarious. Charlamagne the guy. We are The Breakfast Club. It's time to get up outta here. Charlamagne, you got a positive note? I Do. You know what I wanna do? I wanna salute my salute to the Good Brother Rayquan too, man. Check out Rayquan on Joe Rogan podcast. If you haven't, if you are a Wu-Tang Clan fan, you are gonna love that conversation.


It's like two hours and some change. I was sitting in the I, I got one of 'em Sauna Blankets. You ever seen them Sauna Blankets where you can put yourself in the blanket and zip up and it's like being in the sauna. I was sitting in there yesterday listening to it. Great conversation. Like I said, if you a Wu-Tang clan fan, and you know, this year August 1st will be 30 years of only built for Cuban lys. Oh wow. We old bro. Yes. The purple tape turns 30 August 1st. It came out August 1st, 1995. So salute to the Good Brother Rayquan man. And the positive note is simply this, one of the most rewarding and important moments in life is the moment you finally find the courage to let go of what you can't change. I was just talking to somebody on the phone just now and they said one of the things that they want to do for 2025 is to let go of things they can't change and to let go of things they can't control.


And I really want y'all to know that one of the most rewarding and important moments in life is the moment you finally find the courage to let go of what you can't change. Have a great day Breakfast Club Bitches. You'all finished or y'all Done?


The new year is here and I'm trying to keep things simple this year. One thing to help me keep things simple is Amazon Prime. It's the cheat code to staying locked in on whatever you need. It's not just fast delivery. Prime's a whole experience from Prime video and Amazon music to prime free one day delivery. It's got everything to keep my year stress free. Watching Thursday night football prime's got you with the same day snack delivery. Wanna chill after the game? Find a movie on Prime video and kick back with some Amazon music. Whatever you're into, it's on Prime. Visit amazon.com/prime now.


Life is an act of constant reinvention that's true for you and for cars. Nissan Reimagined the all new kicks around you. The boes Personal plus sound system with speakers in the headrest keeps you in the groove while the Nissan Safety Shield 360 technologies keep you safe. If Nissan invented the kicks, you can reinvent yourself. Drive the all new reimagine Nissan Kicks today Available feature. Bose is a registered trademark of the Bose Corporation. Nissan Safety Shield technologies can't prevent all collisions or worn in all situations. See owner's manual for important safety information.


Taking control of your career. Career is empowering. Just don't tell my boss. I said that Building a career just isn't about a job. It's about creating a path that impacts our community and future generations. Whether you're starting out or making big moves, State Farm is here to support you with resources to help protect what you're working hard to achieve. They've got your back every step of the way because like a good neighbor State Farm is there. Find out more at State Farm dot com.


This is Shirley Strawberry from the Steve Harvey Morning show. Toyota has been building a legacy of excellence for years. From developing hybrid technology to upping the standards of safety and efficiency. Toyota is always innovating, always making progress, and with a superior lineup of in-stock SUVs, including the Adventure Ready, RAV4, and capable, affordable Corolla cross, you can experience the legacy of Toyota for yourself. Visit buy a toyota.com, the official website for deals to find out more. Toyota, let's go places


Thursdays on A, B, C. Get ready to move that bus. The Beloved series, extreme Makeover Home Edition is making a triumphant return to kick off the new year. Join the makeover, mavens, Joanna Teplan, and here as they hit the road on a mission to transform lives of deserving families. They have just four days to rally communities, demolish old homes, and rebuild not just houses, but lives. New episodes of Extreme Makeover Home edition, Thursdays at eight seven Central on a, b, c, and Stream. Next day on Hulu.