
The holidays are about spending time with your loved ones and creating magical memories that will last a lifetime. So whether it's family and friends you haven't seen in a while, or those who you see all the time, share holiday magic this season with an ice cold Coca-Cola. Copyright 2024. The Coca-Cola Company


Life is an act of constant reinvention that's true for you and for cause. Nissan Reimagined the all new kicks around you. The Bowles Personal plus sound system with speakers in the headrest keeps you in the groove while the Nissan Safety Shield 360 technologies keep you safe. If Nissan invented the kicks, you can reinvent yourself. Drive the all new Reimagined Nissan Kicks today. Available Features compatible device service and consumer activation of Nissan Connect Services. Package required Use only when safe and legal subject to third party service availability For more information, see Nissan usa.com/connect/legal. Apple CarPlay is a trademark of Apple Link. Intelligent all wheel drive cannot prevent collisions or provide enhanced traction in all conditions. Always monitor traffic and weather conditions.


Taking control of your career is empowering. Just don't tell my boss I said that. Building a career just isn't about a job. It's about creating a path that impacts our community and future generations. Whether you're starting out or making big moves, state Farm is here to support you with resources to help protect what you're working hard to achieve. They've got your back every step of the way because Like a good neighbor State Farm is there. Find out more@statefarm.com.


Alright, we're all set for the party. I've trimmed the tree, hung the missile toe, and paired all those weird shaped knives and forks with the appropriate cheeses. And I plugged in the Artesian Artesian. It's a home cocktail maker that makes over 60 premium cocktails plus a whole lot of seasonal favorites too. I just got it for 50 off. So how about a cosmopolitan or a missile toe? Margarita, I'm Thirsty. Watch. I just pop in a capsule. Choose my strength. And wow, It's beginning to feel more seasonal in here already. If your holiday party doesn't have a bartender, then you become the bartender unless you've got a artesian. Because artesian crafts every cocktail perfectly in as little as 30 seconds. And I just got it for $50 off. Tis the season to be jollier. Add some holiday flavor to every celebration with the sleek, sophisticated home cocktail maker. Artesian. Pick up your phone and shake it to get $50 off any cocktail maker. Yes, you heard me? Shake your phone and get $50 off. Don't delay This Christmas.


So you're Her, right? You're the boxer. Experience. The incredible true story. As long As I'm boxing, I'm gonna be Okay. A Claressa Shields my Baby. Going to the lip. Let's go. Critics are calling the fire inside an inspirational knockout crowd pleaser. I've been trained for this gold medal. I'm gonna need exactly what the man get. It's a monumental achievement. I've Been working my whole life for this. The fire inside. Based on the incredible true story rated PG 13 may be inappropriate for children under 13. Only in theaters everywhere. Christmas Day. Good. USA.


Yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo. Jess is out today. Lauren LaRosa. What's Up? Good morning y'all. Charlemagne the guy. Peace To the Planet Is Tuesday. Good morning. It's Tuesday. How y'all feel out there? Man, I feel blessed black and highly favored. Happy to be here another day to serve our beautiful listeners. What's Happening? That right feels good, man. Feels good. It's the holiday season, baby. It's the most wonderful time of the year. I hope that everybody is enjoying the moment. I know that, You know, a lot of people are navigating grief this time of year. I know holiday season of depression is a real thing. But I hope that you are finding pockets of joy where you can enjoy, enjoy this moment. That's Right.


Well, not only that, You know, I, I don't know if you guys are like me, but I've been following the, the, the murder of Brian Thompson. I've been following that story pretty closely 'cause it's very interesting to me. Yeah. And they capture the young individual. And I'm sure Mimi will break down everything she's filling in for Morgan during front page news. But I was totally into this case. Like yeah, I was watching it where he goes and they had like a a, which is sick. They had like a a, I don't wanna say a killing party, but like a, the Killers, They had a lookalike contest. Yeah. Looka killers, lookalike cartoons. Fashion Brands have been making clothing that is sick. Yeah. That sick. That looked like the killers and the killer outfit. And they had like the whole thing in the city. It was crazy. Very Weird. We're just a ridiculous society. I mean, honestly, if this was the Bible, this would be the point in the Bible where God just pressure washes everything.


'cause we're just ridiculous as human beings. Yes. We just are. But I've been following the story closely And I know a lot of you guys have been too. It's been all over the news feed. So I'm excited to, for Mimi Brown to break it down during front page News. I didn't, I didn't think they was gonna find the killer just because I felt like, You know, the way that the hit happened. I thought that that was one of those things where he wasn't supposed to be found. I thought So too. I thought it was a lot more, I thought it was a lot more professional than I it turned out to be. I did too. And I wonder what the connection is. That's what I guess they're trying to figure out now what the connection is. But I mean, he seems like a smart, intelligent kid. He went to University of Pennsylvania, which is an Ivy League school. Valedictorian. Valedictorian. So his dumb ass went back to Pennsylvania. Pretty much. He was in the McDonald's and pa McDonald's and pa.


He ain't have nowhere to go. But that's what I'm saying. I, that's why I thought I was more sophisticated than it was. I thought so too. Yeah. But Mimi will be breaking that down. And also we gotta send a rest in peace to Nikki Giovanni. Yes, Man. Rest in peace to Nikki Giovanni. Man, You know, she actually was on The Breakfast Club. She, she, she talked about her poetry book Make Me Rain Poems and Poems and Prose. I think it was, yeah, I think it it, I think it was during C 'cause she, it was definitely not fault. You were actually the only one on that interview. I, 'cause I look yesterday, I couldn't even remember really because you were the only one on that interview. So I guess it might've been in the time I was traveling or so, whatever it may be. But you were the one that actually did that interview so Well I think we need to get that back on this morning for the people, man. I agree. So we gonna get that back on a little bit later. Then we got front page news when we come back.


So don't go anywhere. What is this? I was thinking the same thing. I was like, this seems very slow. What, what is this? Is this Chris Brown? Chris Brown. Oh, Chris Brown. Alright. Oh, okay. All right. It's The Breakfast Club. Good morning. What is this morning everybody? It's DJ NV Jess. Hilarious. Charlamagne the guy. We are The Breakfast Club. Lauren la Rosa. Filling in for Jess. And let's get in some front page news. Can I ask you a real question, Charlamagne? Nope. You still thinking Cowboys gonna make It? You set my boundaries. Well, no, not right now, but we were in the hunt until last year. Yo, You were not. So you were We were in the until last night. So you Understand there's no more hunt. Y'all Gun jams? No, we got, we got beat by the Bengals. So we probably, I'm pretty sure we're outta playoff contention. Okay. Alright. Well last night, yes, the Bengals beat the Cowboys 27 20.


It seems like the Cowboys are out of the quote unquote Super Bowl hunt. Good morning, Mimi. Good morning Envy. Morning Charlamagne. Hi Lauren. Hey Mimi. Look at this right full circle moment. I full Circle. We came up together. Y'all full? Yeah. Well that's dope. Yeah. Feed Mimi. Yeah. Set on mini panels together. Yep. Absolutely. I'm sorry you had to go Through that. All y'all Go there. So many updates to some stories we brought you yesterday. We gotta jump right in. So the suspect in the United Healthcare, CEO killing has been arrested. Luigi Mangione is his name. He is facing multiple charges across both states in New York and in Pennsylvania, including murder.


Now, this all came together yesterday. You guys were talking about McDonald's in Altoona, Pennsylvania. He was recognized there by a worker. He's now been charged in New York with one count of murder, as well as charges that include possession of a forged document and weapon. He's facing five charges in Pennsylvania, including forgery and carrying a firearm without a license. Now he appeared in person for a preliminary arraignment in Pennsylvania last night. He's currently being held without bail. He did not enter a plea. Now police say he was found with a ghost gun, fake id, a handwritten manifesto, which was connected to the crime.


Now that manifesto reportedly expressed anger at the healthcare industry stating that violence was the only way to bring change and refer to healthcare executives as parasites. Now, right after that, arraignment official held a press conference. And during that press conference last night, Pennsylvania Governor Josh Shapiro, he actually touched on something you said yesterday, Charlamagne, that many are praising this man calling him a hero, but he is no hero. Let's listen to what Governor Shapiro had to say. But some attention in this case, especially online, has been deeply disturbing as some have looked to celebrate instead of condemning this killer in America, we do not kill people in cold blood to resolve policy differences or express a viewpoint.


Yeah, I understand the frustration, I understand the anger people have towards the healthcare system, but I don't agree with vigilante justice. Violence is not the only way to to, to make change. But it's Crazy because, I mean, like you said, a lot of people look at him as a, a hero. I mean, women are saying how, how sexy he is and, and and fellas are saying, yeah, my, I lo my grandmother lost a life 'cause they denied her. My mother lost a life. So people are really looking at him as a modern day hero, which is Crazy. You know what's crazy? When I first heard that it was somebody from United Healthcare, the CEO, it was a i I literally was like, this has to be like a political or like a, like a statement of some sort. Because like so many people, you'd be surprised how many you've seen it now. Yeah. How many people have these deep feelings about the healthcare system and you don't know until you go through it how many hoops and stuff you have to jump through, but for someone to lose their life because of a job that they have.


Right. But I wonder the connection though, that's the, that's the thing I'm, I'm like, is his, was his, I know his grandmother and his grandfather died several years ago. But I wonder were they denied help? Was his parents denied help? Like, what was it that made him like crack that made him say, this is what I wanna do today. You know what I mean? I wonder what that was. Right. And I think envy I'm sorry. Sorry, go ahead. No, go Ahead Ma. Go ahead. No, I I think too, that's what people are wondering because when you do a deep dive into his background, like he's from a really impressive family. Like you guys were talking earlier, he went to an all private boys school in Baltimore. He graduated, You know, from Ivy League College. He's related to a prominent family in Maryland that owns country clubs. They got money. Yep. Healthcare facilities.


Yes. Real estate companies. His cousin is the, is a Maryland state delegate. His name is Nino Mangione. And he actually put out a statement he represents part of Baltimore County and he put out a statement on behalf of the family. And it just reads in part, our family is shocked and devastated by Luigi's arrest. We offer our prayers to the family of Brian Thompson and we ask for people to pray for all involved. We are devastated by this news. So I mean, A young man like that was probably inspired by something he saw online. He might, he might have wanted to be some type of martyr maybe, But also like, You know, you want to as more details come out, like remember he made a call right before he did the shooting. Like they have him on camera. I wonder who he called at that time at six in the morning.


You know what I mean? So Riley Starbucks place his order. Yeah. Get Outta here. He would do that on the app or maybe, oh you right? Yeah. He just got a water though. Anyway, He would do, he Would use the app. Yeah. Yeah. Alright. Well yeah, He's an app guy. Well I'll tell you this. People love vigilante justice tell, You know that vigilante takes out somebody they actually like. Right? Exactly. And like you said too, yesterday, this could be anybody. This could literally happen to anyone. You have no idea who hates you. Right. And is carrying around something against you. So moving right along, a jury took just 90 minutes on Monday to find Maureen veteran Daniel Penney not guilty of criminally negligent homicide. Now Penny was accused of using a six minute choke hold on.


Jordan Neely, who was a homeless, who was homeless and allegedly threatening subway riders last year. Now after the verdict came down, Neely's uncle reportedly caused a scene in the courtroom. He said something to the effect of, it's a small world buddy. Basically to, to the marine veteran. Daniel Penney, don't let me catch you outside. Then he went outside and he had this to say to reporters, Everybody else has vigilantes. We need some black vigilantes. That's right. People want to jump up and choke us and kill us for being loud. How about we do the same when they attempt to oppress us.


Right. I'm tired. Tired. I know. Y'all looking for us to be like, oh, go in March. Go in March. No this weekend I want you to hold a community event. Well you won't have to try to figure out what his motive is if something happens to Daniel Penny. Yeah. Yeah. But he did go on to say, go out and hold a community event in your community and let them know what you need, You know, for your community to make it better. So now Neely's family, they plan to move forward with a civil lawsuit against Penny following that not guilty verdict. And coming up, we'll talk about how TikTok is fighting to stay alive and what that means for the app and its users.


Alright. And definitely sending healing energy to the, the, the family of Jordan Neely man. Yes. Yeah, absolutely. And everybody else get it off your chest. 805 8 5 1 0 5 1 if you need to vent. Phone lines are wide open again, (800) 585-1051. Call us up right now is The Breakfast Club. Good morning. The Breakfast Club. Wake up. Wake up Ass. This is your time to get it off your chest. Whether you're mad or blessed, we wanna hear from you on The Breakfast Club. Hello. Who's this? Hey, how you doing? DJ Envy, this is Brandon Black. AKA brand V 9 5 4 from Pompano Beach.


What's up Brandy? Good morning. Talk to us. Get it off your chest. Hey man. I just wanted to raise awareness about Red prostate cancer because the legend Monte Jordan on his birthday December the third, did a reveal that he battle a prostate cancer by early detection, saved his life. And he's actually doing a whole documentary to like raise awareness and save other lives. And You know how you and Charlemagne tha God always be talking about how more men have to go get checked. You know the, because that'll save your life man. And I actually made a video telling everybody to go support him and he accepted the collab and shared it on his page.


Like just spreading the word man. It's a good documentary and it's going to a good cost. I just wanted to raise awareness so that more people can know about it. You know? That's right. Absolutely mean. Go get your prostate checked man. Like, You know, I don't care how uncomfortable you may think it is. I don't care. You know how, You know, people like to say things like, oh man, you let somebody put a finger in your butt. Yeah. If it's going to freaking help me to live. No, you right. A lot longer. You damn right. And we talk about it all the time. Exactly. Prostate colonoscopies. We talk about checking your heart, we're talking about checking your blood pressure, your cholesterol, all that you wanna be around for your kids, your grandkids, your your family. So get yourself checked out. You ain't too cool to get yourself checked out. I'll be gay to live. Huh? Exactly. You say, hey, your pride will kill you man, gay For less.


Your pride will kill you. That's right. Your pride will kill you. So You know, you better get some gay pride about you and go get that prostate checked. Okay? Have a good one, brother. The Stay y'all man. I'm glad y'all helped me spread awareness about us, man. And happy birthday and congratulations again, Monte Jordan to beating prostate cancer and spreading the word about a good cause. Man. Yeah. I didn't know that y'all In sweat life Luther to Monte Jordan. I didn't know that. But seriously man, I I we, we make jokes but it's the truth. Yeah. Finger in the anus is not gay. Not especially when Well, it depends. Whoa, whoa, whoa. Context. Whoa. Let's add some context please. When you're getting a prostate exam. It is not now. When Envy's doing that for pleasure. No, shut up. In his, in his, his alone time.


Yes, it is shut, shut up. But it's fine when you're doing it, getting it as a prostate exam. I, I done did it at all. I done did the prostate, I did colonoscopy, I did it at all too. Colonoscopy was was amazing by the way. What you mean Because of the sleep. Oh, they put you to sleep? Yeah. When you they put you to sleep, put you right out. Knocked You right out. Hello? Who's this Ano? What's going On ano? What's up? Nothing much. Hey Charlamagne, what's going on Jess? How you doing? Jess is out today. Lauren Lar is in for her LL Cool Bay is here. Good morning. Oh, what's going on Lauren? How are you? I'm very well my dear. Very well. Nice to hear your voice. Listen, I just wanna get it off my chest that I'm glad that they got that guy. Yep. Who executed that? A CEO for the healthcare company.


Because You know what? It would've cost a NCE if he had gotten away all the crazy individuals, the woodwork. Your phone went out a little bit, bro, your phone went out. But it seems like you said if they didn't catch him there would've been other people. Crazy. That's right. Can You hear me now? Yes. Yeah, I'm saying that had they not caught that guy, it would've caught some type of a precedence with other individuals coming out with woodwork. I think so too. Stuff like that. I think so too. Yeah. I'm really glad they caught him. I mean listen, I I used to work in the healthcare industry and it definitely needs an overhaul. A hundred percent. I've seen a lot of American individuals who are good, hardworking people lost a lot simply because they just had an accident and basically they went into bankruptcy trying to pay the medical fees.


Yeah. Yeah. I'm with you. The healthcare justice, the healthcare system definitely needs a overhaul. But we don't need vigilante justice. Nah, not At all. Nah, get it off your chest. Listen, Batman now if we got a Batman. No, We don't need Batman either because Batman actually takes out real bad guys because Somebody will dress up like Batman in the city. Batman. But He Batman don't be killing people all either. He brings them to justice. Mm, okay. You know what I mean? It's a difference. Get it off your chest. 805 8 5 1 0 5 1. If you need to vent, hit us up now. It's The Breakfast Club. Good morning. The Breakfast Club. It's a new Day. This is your time to get it off your chest wake. Wake Up. Whether you're mad or Blessed, it's Time to get up and get something. Call up Now.


(800) 585-1051. We Want to hear from you on The Breakfast Club. Hello? Who's this? Hey, this is, What's your name, mama? My hold on, lemme check you on speaker phone. Alicia. Hey Lisa. Get it off your chest. Yeah, My name, my name's Alicia. Hey Alicia. Get it off your chest. Hey, I need to get off of my chest. I'm infl right now And I currently just got off on probation. I'm in Georgia around a, a vape pen. It's a felony in here out here. So You got on probation for vaping, You said a felony? Yeah, it's a felony in Georgia. Never got in Really? So I never been in trouble or anything. And now I'm a felony. But where did they catch you vaping In the car.


I had like marijuana leaf And I was smoking weed in the car. I had to search it and they ended up throwing the marijuana leaf charge out because it's a misdemeanor and so they, they gave me the felony charge because they found the vape. That is insane. You know the sad, the sad part about that is all these states are all different. Like, so you've never really, You know, you would really have to do your homework when, when you are smoking. Like, 'cause in New York, New Jersey is legal but I guess in Georgia it is not. Which is Crazy. It is, it is decriminalized in some cities in Georgia. I think it's decriminalized in, I thought it was in Atlanta. Savannah. Our is the flower is like the leaf. Oh The, oh gotcha, gotcha. The Georgia is a felony.


Why would they decriminalize a flower? But then a vape pen is in the whole state of Yeah, it's crazy. So I'm having to try to, because I'm a pharmacy technic technician for taking years And I can't reach my license. So it's really kind of ruin my, I've been a pharmacy, I'm trying to get a lawyer and all of that and try to, You know, You can't say it was for your cataract, it was for medical. You can't say it was for medical use. Nah, It's a little too late now. Huh? I've Already been, yeah, I've already been sent it. So See that this, this young woman is being burdened with, You know Yes. A A A BS marijuana charge. Which is why they should have, You know, decriminalized marijuana federally a long time ago made agree legal federally a long time ago they can. And then a lot of the states would've followed suit and she wouldn't be in this, this situation.


Yeah, that's Stupid. She about Like, it really don't make no sense. She About to not be able to do her business because of this, which is insane. Meanwhile, I Own a whole dispensary in right hand New Jersey. Just think about how crazy that is because It's Jersey. But if it was Georgia, it'd be a problem. That's What I'm saying. Which It makes No sense. It makes no sense. Hello, who's this? Hi, it's Nicole. I'm calling from Mons Corner, South Carolina. Hey, Four three Mons corner. What's happening Nicole? Hey, because What's going on? What's up Nicole? Nothing. Hey envy. Heying girl. Hey, good morning. So I want to speak about the interview from yesterday and the seasonal depression. So unfortunately within four months I lost my mother, my brother, and my sister last year.


Sorry To Ask. Sorry I did it. So I appreciate that. Seasonal depression is definitely something that nobody really thinks about, but more than that, the year after is the hardest and it's the hardest for people to understand why you can't move on. And if you have never went through that, there's no way to, for people to comprehend why you can't move on from a desk. So I just wanted to say, You know, I'm trying to stay encouraged. I hope everybody else tries to stay encouraged. Nicole, I'm gonna send you a copy of Ashanti DA's pocket guide. It's called Have Yourself a Merry Little Grief, miss 20 Tips for Navigating Grief during the holidays. I'm gonna put that in the mail for you. Get it out the monk's corner. Send this to my, my my cousin in monk's corner.


Jesus. Hold On. Okay, we're gonna put you on hold. I Appreciate that. And Christmas is my birthday. Oh, happy early Birthday. Crystals is your birthday? No, Christmas. Oh, Christmas is your birthday. Oh, December 25th. Fifth Christmas is my birthday and my baby girl birthday is tomorrow. She'll be six 40. Well hold on, we gonna put you on hold. Thank you. Alright. Make sure she get that Eddie. Absolutely. And I, if you are in Newark, Charlemagne was talking about the dispensary hash story. Give the address one time. 7 9 9 Broad Street in Newark, New Jersey. Hash story. We are open every day Monday through Friday. Monday through Monday through Sunday from 11:00 AM to 7:00 PM So we got all your cannabis needs, your oils, your edibles, your flowers, whatever you want. Want Your rubs All. We got it.


Alright. Get it off your chest. 800 rubs You always, you you are just Nah, Because my mother like the rubs like on the elbow. You, I didn't know y'all have that. Yes you do. Y'all survive. I don get that. I be getting that from my grandma for her. And my mother likes to rub when her arm hurting the arthritis. Yes. Okay. See, Look at you. We didn't wanna be kinky. That's the way you said it. You winked me too. Like why would you that you like the rubs. You lit up in here though. I saw you. I didn't even saying why he did that. He was like the rub. I saw you winked me. You saw Your boundaries earlier. That whole boundary wall fell down fast. I didn't even wink at him. Anyway, we have Justin do mess coming up. Lauren, what we talking About? Y'all are great. Yes we do. There are some more updates in the Jay-Z filing.


The holidays are about spending time with your loved ones and creating magical memories that will last a lifetime. So whether it's family and friends you haven't seen in a while, or those who you see all the time, share holiday magic this season with an ice cold Coca-Cola copyright 2024, the Coca-Cola company.


The holidays are here and it's that time of year to think about yes gifts but not only gifts, it's the guests, the party planning and the true meaning of the season. Spending time with family and friends. We know it's a lot, but we're here to ease your mind and share some tips. So we'll make it through. Together with the season getting underway. Now is the time to shop early for amazing holiday deals at Amazon. Amazon has a wide selection for all your holiday needs. The reason I love this so much is because it is the holidays and there's things that I've had family members and friends ask me for throughout the year that I simply would not give them the money to get, but I will get them the actual items. So whether it's laptops, hair steamers, dining sets, makeup, better wigs for Lauren LaRosa, whatever it is they need Amazon. Got it. And please remember, you can find the best holiday gifts on Amazon. Shop great deals now on Amazon and visit amazon.com/black Effect podcast for my favorite picks.


What does it feel like to get the new iPhone 16 pro with at and t? Next up, anytime. It's like when you first pick up those tongs and you're now the one running the grill, it's indescribable like something you've never felt before. All the mouthwatering anticipation of new possibilities, whether it's making a perfect cheeseburger or treating your family to a grill baked potato, which You know will forever change the way you look at potatoes with at t. Next up, anytime you can feel this way again and again. Learn how to get the new iPhone 16 pro with Apple intelligence on at and t and the latest iPhone everywhere with at t's. Next up, anytime at and t connecting changes everything. Apple intelligence coming fall 2024 with Siri and device language to set us English. Some features and languages will be coming over the next year. $0 offer may be not available on future iPhones. Next up, anytime Feature may be discontinued at any time. Subject to change additional fees, terms and restrictions apply. See att.com/iphone four Details.


The World is constantly changing. It's up to you to decide how to respond. Choose to be bold to try something new. Choose to reinvent yourself. That's what Nissan did with the all new total reimagined kicks. The dynamic new exterior style immediately announces that Nissan isn't messing around the interior. A completely redesigned cabin with preview features like wireless. Apple CarPlay and panoramic moonroof make driving and kicks immersive and exciting. And with new performance and safety features like intelligent all-wheel drive, the kicks is both more fun and safer to drive than ever before. It is the dawning of a brand new era for the Nissan Kicks on. What question remains? Is it a new era for you as well? Drive the all new reimagined Nissan Kicks today available Feature. Bose is a registered trademark of the Bose Corporation. Nissan Safety Shield technologies can't prevent all collisions or wor in all situations. See owners manual for important safety information.


Hey fam, if you're like me, you are thinking about how to level up in your career. Maybe you're fresh out of college just starting in your field or even looking to switch things up and find your true calling. Whatever stage you're in, remember that this is your time to grow, to learn, and to build something that lasts. State Farm understands that early career development is key to long-term success. They've been a steady presence in our communities and they know that having the right support early on can make all the difference. State Farm is there to help you make smart moves and to help you get the coverage you need. We all know that the journey to success is a marathon, not a sprint. It's about staying focused, staying grounded, and making sure you're protected every step of the way. Let's build our careers with confidence knowing that State Farm is there to support us just like they've always been because Like a good neighbor, a State Farm is there. Find out more@statefarm.com.


He is asking for the accuser to come to the front. The identity needs to be on display. He wants to know who it is. Alright, we'll get into that. Next, it's The Breakfast Club. Good morning, The Breakfast Club. Morning everybody. It's Djj. Nv. Just hilarious. Charlamagne the guy. We are The Breakfast Club. Now let's get to just with the mess with Lauren LaRosa News is real. Whether hilarious, just Robert Moore. Just don't do no lines, don't do, she don't spare. Nobody worldwide mess on The Breakfast Club. She's a coach. Lauren, Lauren LaRosa. I back And I got the mess talk, talk to me.


So we of course wanna take some time to send a rest in peace into some love to her family. The family of Nikki Giovanni, poet, activist, author, professor, also A-H-B-C-U grad. She was the fifth university cultural icon for real. You know, she led the, the movement of the black Arts and Civil Rights. And she passed away at 81 years old. She died peacefully at her home surrounded, You know, by her family and her life partner. So just to, You know, give her some time and, and her accolades for people who don't know. And I don't know how you wouldn't know. She won an Emmy back in 20 20 14 for, or in 20 20 14, the years almost over though, for exceptional merit and documentary filmmaking. She made a documentary called Going the Mars, the Nikki Giovanni project, her poetry books, her, her children's books, like just everything that she's done has been a staple in the way that people think, the way that people move, the way that people just act and fight for other people's rights as well too.


And she's always just been a very outspoken person and she does it through her art. And I, I remember watching an interview with her where she was talking about like, how did she know she wanted to be a poet? And she said she didn't, she didn't even know she wanted to be a publisher. She just wanted to do things that people weren't doing and poetry allowed her to put things together in a way that people weren't doing it. So that's why she fell into poetry and got into some of the other stuff. So just taking a a moment for her. And she does have a poetry book that's supposed to release in the fall of 2025 and it's called The Last Book. Mm, wow. Right? Yeah. Yeah. We had the opportunity to talk to her in 2020. During, during Covid? Yeah, it was, it was myself and Angela e So we gonna get get that back on for you next hour. Because I remember when they hit us like, yo, Nikki Giovanni wants to, wants to, wants to chop it up with y'all.


Like what? Of course, yeah, I was traveling that day. Yeah, but we're gonna get that back on in a couple of minutes. Yeah. So sending her some love and, and make sure you guys tune into that. Now, switching gears a bit, I know we've been covering Jay-Z yesterday. We talked a lot about the lawsuit that was filed, or refiled amended that now includes Jay-Z, Sean Carter in a, it's a civil lawsuit, rape allegations against a 13-year-old girl in connection with Diddy as well too. So yesterday there were some updates that happened. So yesterday Jay-Z's team filed a motion for the rape accusers identity to Be Revealed or for a speedy dismissal of the civil suit. So Alex Spiro, who is Jay-Z's attorney, is basically requesting that a judge looks into this and says, okay, this the identity of this woman who was accusing this because she fought accusing Jay-Z and Diddy of this because she fought as a Jane Doe, needs to be disclosed, right?


So that they can properly do their investigation. They don't know basically where the hit is coming from. So it's like we need to be able to know who this is, get a timeline, just, You know, we want full transparency so that we can do our, just do. So they're asking for that to happen or they're saying this needs to be dismissed because other than that it's almost meritless. Mm. And how can we properly defend ourself if we don't know who we, who we are defending ourself against? They also point out the fact that Attorney Busby has allegedly currently provided Jay-Z's team no affidavit, affidavit, no declaration of any specific factual information to justify the case or anything. So it's kind of hard for them to even ask for discovery, which is, Hey, what do you guys have? Because they don't even really know much about the case, right? Because nothing's been provided.


So to me it sounds like they're saying that they feel like this is a ghost case, like it's a shallow case. So they're asking for more information for that to be dismissed. Now, last night, well For, for people that that, that are listening, tuning in, that judge just just decides if it's enough information to even go to court. Yeah. So it's, it's very pre preliminary. It's if what they have, they'll subpoena, they'll show the judge what they have, if there's enough information. And I believe I'm, I'm not a, I'm not an attorney, but if the woman says that it happened, it might be enough just, just to go to trial. Just to, just to see what happens. I think, I think it should be against the law for someone to sue you under a John or Jane Doe. I I agree. Like no face, no case, No, you gotta show yourself like Your reputation can get dragged through the mud by a ghost.


And then you want me to write a random big ass check to someone who may or may not exist. Well, Playing devil's advocate for people who do file Jane or John Doe if there is enough evidence and some of the stuff that Jay-Z's attorney saying that they don't have is provided that can show like, You know, a timeline of things. Some people do it because, But if you say I do something to you, I wanna know who it is. Yeah. But you can't say I did something to you. But I'm, I don't wanna put my face out there. I don't wanna have my name out there probably because of public scrutiny as well. But I was about to say the only reason Because public know because I'm getting scrutinized publicly And I wanna know what it is. You know, I can understand And I understand that most, most people do it because they, they wanna protect themselves in situations like this. But I can understand the person who's being accused being like, but wait, I got things to protect as well too. Right? Especially if you are coming out like Jay-Z and saying this is not true, or I just want my lawyer to know what I what we dealing with.


That's true too. How come? How can my lawyer defend me against a ghost? That's true. That's, that makes no sense. That's true. Now I do wanna mention, we talked about, You know, Jay-Z, the way he came out swinging and the things that he has to protect last night, the family, Jay-Z, Beyonce, blue Ivy, and Mama Tina. Tina knows were out at the Mufasa premiere because Blue Ivy is voicing the voice of, what's the daughter's name? Nla and Simba's daughter, NLA and Simba from Forgot. Yeah, I'll get the, I'll get the name. But she's voicing the name. She's voicing the daughter of NLA and Simba and the new Mufasa movie. And yeah, people had a lot to say about this because Kiara, Kiara Kia is it? Yeah, Kiara. Kiara Kra. KIAR. And her mom is, You know, the voice is going to be her mom's voice in this as well too.


But You know, the focus is on Blue Ivy. Now I brought this up and number one, they look gorgeous. I can't believe how big Blue Ivy is. Like, I was looking at her yesterday, like, wow, I'm getting older, Dropping a clues bonds for the call this Damnit Yeah. And, and You know, they're out, they looking good, they smiling. But there was a big back and forth online number one about the way that we cover Jay-Z here in the room yesterday. How do we cover it? People felt like, I mean I thought that it was very neutral and people just, you guys are speaking to how you felt, but people felt like it was not neutral. People felt like it was Who Were these people? People online you have, oh God, you have the bloggers, you have the people on, on Twitter, you have, You know, a bunch of people. It was covered, it was Covered our comedy. Were they Drake fan page was covered. It Was was covered of them. It was covered neutrally. Yeah, it was covered Neutrally.


I I believe so too. But there were people who felt like it wasn't that we basically covered it in a way where we're already calling Jay-Z innocent because of how he responded. But at the same time there was a argument back and forth online And I got caught in a crossfire of that, of people saying, well it's not fair for you to mention that this is the first time that you were seeing the No Cardinals family out that since the allegations. Right. Well It's a difference between saying you believe somebody's innocent and just simply saying, I don't believe these claims And I don't believe these claims. And but you have a right to say that as well too. You damn right. You have a right to say that and, and anybody who wants to say, well you should wait until things go to court, they have a right to set it as well too. But you can't get upset at somebody for saying how they feel. We presented facts and then we said how we felt.


Yeah, I saw a lot of, I saw people were sending me Drake fan pages And I saw academic slew to academics. I saw him say that we, we we, we need to keep that same energy because if it was Drake, we would be kicking his back in. Know the hell we wouldn't. Like I've been telling you about this grift that lawyers have been doing for the last couple of years, right? Like these lawyers will reach out to your team, tell you they have a client that, that has these claims and they will say to you, pay us. Are we gonna hold press conferences, get our client interviews, et cetera. That's extortion. And I've been consistent in saying that I don't care who it's against. And furthermore, I reserve the right to say, I don't believe these claims against Jay-Z. I mean you do as simple as that. You do reserve that right Now. I will say also too yesterday, envy, you got something to say? Fuck that. Nah, Nah, I, I agree with what Charlamagne says.


I mean I've seen it happen. I mean, it's happened to me where attorneys reach out and try to get a check like it, it happens every day, all day. Like I said, it, it, it's stupid to me, especially With sexual assault allegations. Yeah. And and it's something because they try to embarrass you. They try to make you, it seem like we're gonna go to the press and if and if we don't, we are going, You know, we, we are gonna try to embarrass you. And what it usually does, it usually embarrasses the person because most people what they do, they pull away endorsements, they pull away sponsorships, they pull away all these different things and try to hurt you publicly so you can't make money. Yeah. And it's, it's FD And I will say too, not to cut you off, but I wanna get this in that people, if you, if you think about this in back in November, I think it was when Jay-Z filed, he filed anonymously, then he came out and said, You know what?


I was the one that filed bring on the heat. Right? I think that you can't be upset at somebody for saying, I'm going to defend myself loudly and saying I wanna know who you are. And also people saying he has the right to do so. And I don't believe the claims like you have to, if you want people to be neutral and, and, and like stick to facts, you gotta allow people, people to also have an opinion as well too. But people can Have an opinion. But also like, like, like, like we always say we don't know the facts of e of every case, but if, if Charlemagne knows Jay-Z or I know Jay-Z And I know somebody's character And I could say I don't think he did it. He, That's his opinion because I don't even know, it's not even about that for me. It's just about the grift that I know lawyers be doing. And like with Puff, we were on the same type of time until the video with Cassie came out. Alright. Because after Puff told us that Cassie's claims weren't true and then the video comes out, I can't give him the benefit of the doubt.


Exactly. Yeah. And I think that's a big difference here as well too. Like you, we saw things were so di because Puff also acts for Jing doe's names to Be Revealed. And one of the ladies were revealed, he also asked for things to be dismissed and he hasn't, hasn't worked out as well for him because the evidence is a little different. They're accusing him of reaching out to witnesses. There's the Cassy video, there's a just a bunch of different stuff. So, and Can I say one more thing because I know we gotta wrap. Yes, go ahead. Drake fans. It's not my fault. Kendrick busted Drake's ass. That Was the thing. I know y'all love Drake. That was stupid. I know y'all love Drake. That's killed Drake. This person doesn't sound they Gonna put put you at the Base community on That's your God. I understand. Can't compare those two. Y'all have to stop with these false equivalencies because truthfully you make Drake look bad.


Drake lost a rap battle. It didn't, accusations were made in a rap battle. Doesn't, he's not being charged criminally or sued civilly. So relax with the false equivalency to other cases. Please you make your man look back. That your Man. And that's just with the mess. Don't Don't people for my question envy what you not under the be community no more. What you mean put you out? We gotta go. They Put you out. I don't have any horses in none of those race hip music. That's, that's what it is. All right. Now when we come back, of course we gotta send a rest in peace to Nikki Giovanni. We got front page news and then we're gonna get back our interview on with her. We did about four years ago during 2020 during the start of Covid. So don't go anywhere it The Breakfast Club. Good morning. Good morning everybody. It's the J Envy, just hilarious Charlamagne, the guy.


We are The Breakfast Club Laura LaRosa filling in for Jess. And let's get in some front page news to start off with some football. Now the Bengals beat the Cowboys last night. 27, 20 Charlemagne. Are y'all still in the hunt for the Super Bowl or are you giving that up? I mean, it would take a real miracle, but yeah, I'm probably giving it up. But see, here's the thing. I am a delusional Dallas Cowboy fan, so I'm already thinking about next year. We're gonna Super Bowl next year, Okay? Okay. We are going to the Super Bowl next year. You hear me? My man. Better be as loyal to me as these cowboy fans are. 'cause I don't even know much about football, but I feel really bad for you every time I hear you talk. Well the difference between the cowboys and this man that you keep talking about. The cowboys actually. Dammit man.


Oh wow, Wow, wow. I'm setting up a boundary. Didn't you talk about that earlier? Gonna disrupt my peace. I'm just Glad You know. Good morning, me babe. I got some video though of you and some Oh, I don Know what We're talking about. Not too much on my girls. Thank you. Thank you. Snitches get stitches. Yes. What's up Mimi? Let's hop right into a Mimi. All right, let's go. Here we go. So, You know, this next story has millions of TikTok users and creators holding their breath. So big changes could be coming down for the app soon. TikTok is asking for a last minute delay to stop a ban from taking effect on Monday. Tiktoks its parent company bite dance. They asked for a delay by the US Supreme Court so that they could review the law.


And this comes after a judge rejected the company's challenge to the law in a federal appeals court. The law that would ban TikTok if it's not sold to a new owner, is set to go into effect January 19th. Now that's one day before President elect Trump will be sworn into office. Trump has signaled that he will try to reverse the ban once he's back in power. I want to see TikTok sold to my guy, Frank McCourt, s Luther, Frank McCourt. We've had Frank here on The Breakfast Club. Frank believes in consumer privacy and data protection and he wants to acquire TikTok and create a, a broader plan to allow consumers to monetize their own data as opposed to the current model that, You know, withholds technology unless users give their data away for free.


So I I want to see Frank McCourt and Project Liberty get acquire TikTok. All right, there you have it. And President elect Trump is, he's sticking with his plan to levy tariffs against America's trading partners. In an interview with NBC that aired over the weekend, Trump said, Harry tar heavy tariffs will be imposed against nations like Mexico, Canada, and China. And during that interview, he was asked if tariffs would increase prices for American consumers. And this is what he had to say. I can't guarantee anything I can't guarantee tomorrow. But I can say that if you look at my just pre covid, we had the greatest economy in the history of our country, And I had a lot of tariffs on a lot of different comp countries.


Yes, they will increase prices. Yep. Of course they will. Every econ, every economist on the planet knows that they're going to increase prices. And if you do remember before Covid, there was certain goods that had like tripled, like as far as as as cost are concerned. And it, it was taking forever for things to get over here from That's right. From China. So if you were doing like any house renovations or anything like that, oh man, you was going through it. That's Right. Yeah. You know, and to that point, You know, terrorists, they're just taxes that get passed on to the American consumer, right? So we're talking like smartphones will go up everyday household appliances, gaming consoles that come from China. They said that those may go up 40%, so that's an extra $200 on an already expensive Xbox or PlayStation.


So if you think things are expensive now, it's only gonna, it's only gonna get worse. Yeah. And if you Voted for Trump for the economy, man, boy you about to be really, really, really, really, really pissed off. But once again, I, I can't be mad at them because for whatever reason Republicans have just, You know, made people believe that they are the party that puts more money in your pockets. Even though historically since World War ii, when there's a Democrat in the White House, the economy does better. But You know, messaging is important. Democrats suck at it. Republicans are great at it. Yeah. And now to a major ruling impacting healthcare access for dreamers of federal courts. And North Dakota has blocked healthcare coverage under the affordable hair, under the Affordable Care Act for immigrants who came to the US illegally as children, better known as dreamers.


On Monday, a US district court ruled in favor of Kansas and 18 other states. They had asked the court to stop a rule from the Biden administration that would have allowed some dreamers access to healthcare insurance through the Affordable care marketplace. Now, the judge, he agreed to temporarily stop the government from letting dreamers in those states access healthcare, which means for now dreamers in those states won't be able to sign up for coverage under the Affordable Care Act. And this one, kanji Brown Jackson, she's already the first black Supreme Court justice, but now she will become the first Supreme Court justice to make her Broadway debut. What for the one night only walk on role in the hit musical comedy.


And Juliet Jackson will appear in the evening show on Saturday, December 14th and will stick around for a talk back afterward with audience members. That's Dope. You probably need that stress reliever man. You know, she's six three conservative majority, You know, she can't ever get nothing done. So she probably tired of fighting with them people. She like, You know, let me go try something else. Right? Let's, let's jump on Broadway. So that's your front page news. I'm Mimi Brown, follow me on social at Mimi Brown tv. And for more news coverage, follow Black Information Network at and download the iHeart free radio app and visit BIN news.com. Lemme ask you a question, Mimi, how was it for you yesterday?


Did people, were people DMing you and hitting you up on social? Yeah, I had to turn my phone like, just turn it over because it kept Me go Off my social cap just, I was like, I can't, it is, it was actually causing me anxiety if I'm being honest. It was just a little bit much. Got you all. You got you all. And mind y'all, Mimi been out here for a while. She's been doing a lot of things with the, this audience here is different, isn't it? Oh girl. Very. I know. Very different. Yeah. But it's fun. Every, I mean, everyone had nice things to say. Everybody was very, very supportive. So it was, I mean, they were great. It was just a lot all at once. You That's all feel it's so different than Anywhere else. Yeah. True. Yeah. Well thank you Mimi. Mimi Brown tv, all y'all All Right, now when we come, we see you tomorrow.


Thank you. When we come back, we gotta send a rest in peace to Nikki Giovanni. She passed away yesterday, but The Breakfast Club had the chance to interview her. What, like four or five years ago? Yeah. That's why The Breakfast Club documentary is gonna be so good. And that's why The Breakfast Club documentary is gonna be so powerful because we have so many different conversations with so many different people, with so many different legendary iconic people. And Nikki Giovanni is one of them, man. So it was a pleasure to sit down with this, this, this force. This force in nature. That's Right. And Angela Yee is actually on the interview, so when you hear her voice, don't be surprised. This was about four years ago during Covid and it's The Breakfast Club. Good morning. The Breakfast Club Morning everybody. It's DEJ Envy.


Just hilarious. Charlamagne the guy. We are The Breakfast Club. We gotta send a rest in peace to Nicky Giovanni. Yes, man. The legendary Nikki Giovanni, man. She was a poet, a writer, activist, educator. I don't know any poet I about to say in America, but probably The World who has not been inspired by Nikki Giovanni in some way, shape or form, Man. And You know, we had the pleasure, The Breakfast Club had the pleasure of speaking with her actually during Covid. Yeah. This was 2020 during Covid. I think she was promoting her a poetry book. Make me Rain poems and pros. But I mean, you never really need a reason to talk to Nikki Giovanni. It's Nikki Giovanni, I believe Angela Yee was on. Yeah, This was what, like four or five years ago. Angela Yee was on.


I actually wasn't on, I actually was traveling. But we're gonna get that back on. I mean, it's only right. Yep. And it's The Breakfast Club. Good morning. Yep. It's The World, world Dangerous Morning show, The Breakfast Club. And we are blessed this morning to have the presence of, of a person. I, I consider an icon. Miss Nikki Giovanni is here. Good morning, queen. How are you? Good morning. How are you? I am blessed black and highly favored. I love that. She's got a new book out of Make Make Me Rain Poems And Pros. And How amazing and timely is your poem about voting, because that has been such a heavy discussion. Yeah, we, well, of course. And I think everybody turned out and we won.


And that's, that's, that's very nice. I've got on pink today. I'm a delta. And our colors, of course are red and white. But in honor of our new vice president, I'm, I'm wearing pink and green. My, my mother-in-law is the delta. Good for her. See, that's why you're a nice guy. How do you feel about the election to Senator Kamala Harris? What, what does that mean for, for black women? I'm, I'm glad for the country actually. I think it's good for, for all of us. But I think it, it, it, it's a statement for the country when we look at, at, at what black women have given to this country. And of course, I'm a big, big fan, and you couldn't help but love Fannie Lou Hamer and Mrs.


Hamer and her confrontation with ly Lyndon Johnson in 1964 when she took the, the Mississippi Freedom Democratic Party over to Atlantic City. And it was back and forth. They testified and back and forth. And finally Lyndon Johnson came to Mrs. Hamer, as You know, and said, well, why don't you take two seats? Because they, Mississippi had four said, why don't I give you two seats and we'll work it out for next time? And Mrs. Hamer looked at me and said, we didn't come here for no two seats. And I've always loved her for that. So seeing where we are right now, and I'm sorry that Ms. Hamer is not here, I know that, that it would just absolutely please her.


But I know that as, as a, a black woman having watched things like Mrs. Hamer, I, I know that I would always vote. And I was glad to see that our vote, the black vote was, was such a big turnout. Well, I hope Senator Harris has the same impact on Joe Biden that Ms. Hamer had on Lyndon b Johnson, because somebody got through to him clearly. Oh, yeah. And it, it's, he's not dumb. Biden is not, it's not dumb. You know, he can add, And I think too that, that Mrs. Harris, she was a friend, as You know, senator, well, vice President Harris now was a friend of Biden and worked together on, on a number of issues. So she was not unknown to the President.


To President Biden. Right. And another poem that I like that you have, that I appreciate is Raise your hand in favor of Immigrants. And I thought that was so well said. So tell me, like, I like to know, just because you are so inspirational, like when you wrote this, was there something in particular where you watching the news, like what inspired you when you did raise your hand in favor of immigrants? Oh, I, I love raise your hand, because I used to travel a lot and the people who were cleaning the women's toilets were, were immigrants. They were Hispanic people. And of course not that it made, I don't want you to think that, I think I'm a big deal on this, but every time I wanted to urinate, now, I would go in, I'd take a dollar out before I went into the bathroom so that as I, I wash my hands, I could put a dollar in, in, they used to have a little box there and somebody complained, I know in North Carolina at Charlotte Airport, a lot of complaints, which I didn't understand why.


And they had to take the, the, the boxes away. And so the next time I was in the boxes were gone. I asked one of the ladies, my Spanish is really poor, but I said, where's the box? And she said, they make us. In other words, they made us take it. And so again, I made a point of finding the women and giving my dollar. And I used to say, well, a dollar's not enough, but I bet you over a hundred people, pe and it, it would've made a difference to, to, to the women. And I couldn't understand why, why, why wouldn't you want, why wouldn't you want those women to have a a tip? They're the ones wiping the, the, the bowl dry so that you can have that they're the ones keeping the floor dry so that you're not slipping on it. And it bothered me.


And I thought, yeah, everybody's been complaining. These people are taking my job. Well, if you want one of those jobs, raise your hand. Right. Which, which, which job will you want? Raise your hand. Let, let me, let me see. Who wants the job? They're working to take care of their children. They're working to see their children go. And, and again, Harris is so important here that their children go to school. They're doing the dirty jobs that nobody wants to do. And what I really want to know, and I'm, I'm gonna call later on this afternoon, I know a commissioner in DC I wanna know how many people who worked in the White House died. I can't believe that, that the Covid has been going around the White House the way that it has.


And the people who are cleaning, who are changing the bed every day, who are fluffing the pillow every day. I don't believe that they did not have the covid and that some of them haven't died. And I think that that's something that I would love to see the churches in Washington, because most of the people who do work like that do belong to the church. 'cause you have to believe in God to be bothered with that. And we know that some of the Hispanic people who worked in the golf courses, we know that they, they, they got tired of hearing Donald Trump. We know that they resigned. Exactly. I mean, you can go back and look that up. So I'm just interested in who died in the White House, who was cooking for that ungrateful man. All right. That was first part of our interview with Nikki Giovanni.


Rest in peace. Nikki Giovanni. We have more with that conversation when we come back. It's The Breakfast Club. Good morning. Morning everybody. It's DJ Envy. Jess. Hilarious. Charlamagne, the guy. We are The Breakfast Club Now. Just joining us again, rest in peace to Nikki Giovanni. She passed away. We had the pleasure of speaking with her about four years ago during COVID, during Covid. Angela e was here. Charlemagne got a chance to chop it up with her. I was actually out that day, and we're gonna get that back on. It's The Breakfast Club. Good morning. You know, And I, in regards to being black in America, dealing with racism, the, the describes we have made as a community, I always wonder, how does The World look now to someone like you who, who who was around, You know, in the sixties?


I think I think The World is doing a good job. I think we are making better steps. There was a time that you And I could not be talking on the radio. 'cause we wouldn't have had a radio. There was a time, or however we're talking Zoom, whatever we're doing. There was a time that you And I would not be able to walk down the street. And there's an old song that I, I do love so much. It said, we are climbing Jacob's ladder. Every round goes higher and higher. And I think that we've made some, some steps. And I think that, again, having somebody as evil as Donald Trump in our presence, has reminded us that there is a better world, that we can do better. That there's something that, that we need to, You know, sow some seeds out there and, and, and see some smiles and some kindness.


So you still suffer from PTS deeding from that, that time, that era. Well, yeah. Yeah. I mean, you can't help it, You know. Has your prose and poetry been therapeutic for you all these decades to be able to express yourself that way? Well, all I have, and, and in all fairness to myself, all I have were words. And so I, I've always felt, And I learned a lot of that from my grandmother and grandfather, but mostly for my grandmother, you have to use your words. I try to be as honest and as clear as I know how to be. And that, that's, that's all I have. Words are important though. When you look at the people who have suffered for the words that they've said, I'm very fortunate that, that right now I have not suffered for the words nobody, You know, has, has beat me up or something.


I went to school with John Lewis. We were both at PIs University together and the beatings that John took, You know, so I thought if all I had were words, then I have to use it to explain to the next generation, this is what we've done to make it a, a, a better world for you. And you have to pay it forward. You have to make it a better world. Why, why has poetry always been your vehicle of choice to get your messaging out? Why? Poetry, Poetry. And, And I really, I, and again, I love the steps that poetry takes. Poetry has always been, not just for me, but you can go back thousands of years. Poetry has been what? Pe the way people express themselves.


And, You know, if, if Jesus were here right now, he'd be a rapper. But he'd be honest. He wouldn't be Ice Cube or some fool like that. But, but he would be a rap. He'd be Tupac. He'd be telling people and sharing with people, this is what, this is what The World offers. And I'm not Jesus. You know, I'm not a fool on that one either. I just know that what I have with words. And so I try to use the words. I I am, I'm never in a room that the door is locked. So if I say something nobody wants to hear, they can just get up and walk out. It, it, it works for me. 'cause nobody has to take it. Nobody has to be bothered with me. The door is always open, but my job is always to tell the truth. So I'm gonna do my job.


And you handle what you can handle. Oh, Mr. I do, I I do wanna push back a little bit on Ice Cube. Ice Cube was one of our great, he's one of our great messengers. Always has been, Well cube, You know, Cuban and Trump. That that was not a wise thing. And he backed off of it because he realized, oh, I shouldn't be doing this. But that was, it wasn't just unwise. It, it, it was mean. Cuban and Kanye West, both of them are sucking up to power and they need to stop that. They need to just back it down. Because we've had some really, really important people who have tried to help. We've looked at our athletes who have given up an awful lot.


You know, you can go back to a friend of mine, Muhammad Ali, all the way up, that the athletes have really fought for us. And, and we fought for the right, for the rappers. We opened that stage. So to see Cube sitting there, like, I'm gonna give, give Trump an idea of, of some kind of plan for black people. That, that, that hurt my heart. I thought, You know, what is wrong with that Negro? But don't you, but don't you have to engage sometimes with, You know, an administration you may not agree with even an administration that may be a threat to us as a, as a community if they're in that power. No. You know, no, no. Jesus didn't go. When, when, when, when. And I have to say it this way.


'cause the only way I can know, when Jesus was out in the, in, in the desert, 40 days and 40 nights, Satan came to him, didn't he? And Jesus said to Satan, get thee behind me. So there, there's no cube, none of them, that that's not what they do. You come and talk to the people because it's the people that have made you what you are. And, and no, it, it did. No, you don't engage. Cuba's not going to engage. He's looking for something to use. And somebody else said it. I wish I had, if you don't see the face of the devil, it's because you running with him. Hmm. What about, what about Martin Luther King Jr. Because Martin Luther King Jr. Used to get a lot of flack when he was engaging with, You know, the John, John F. Kennedy, then Lydon b Johnsons of The World, people called him an Uncle Tom and a coon and the sellout and, and said a lot of the same things.


What, what do you say about that? I, I say that everybody has a right to be upset by some of that. Mm. What I was trying to say is that Elijah Cummings talks about this in his book that he just put out and, and how he met with Donald Trump and he proposed some plans to him. And Donald Trump said, okay, yeah, let's get it done. And then never did anything. And there's a lot of promises that he's made to people that work in the administration and has never delivered on them. And so I think he clearly talks about how it's just not even worth engaging with him because he only does things if it's, You know, to benefit himself. And I don't know how Biden


is. The holidays are about spending time with your loved ones and creating magical memories that will last a lifetime. So whether it's family and friends you haven't seen in a while, or those who you see all the time, share holiday magic this season with an ice cold Coca-Cola, copyright 2024, the Coca-Cola company,


The holidays are here. And it's that time of year to think about yes, gifts, but not only gifts, it's the guests, the party planning, and the true meaning of the season. Spending time with family and friends. We know it's a lot, but we're here to ease your mind and share some tips. So we'll make it through. Together with the season getting underway, now is the time to shop early for amazing holiday deals at Amazon. Amazon has a wide selection for all your holiday needs. The reason I love this so much is because it is the holidays and there's things that I've had family members and friends ask me for throughout the year that I simply would not give them the money to get, but I will get them the actual items. So whether it's laptops, hair steamers, dining sets, makeup, better wigs for Lauren LaRosa, whatever it is they need, Amazon. Got it. And please remember, you can find the best holiday gifts on Amazon. Shop great deals now on Amazon and visit amazon.com/black Effect podcast for my favorite picks.


The World is constantly changing. It's up to you to decide how to respond. Choose to be bold. Try something new. Choose to reinvent yourself. That's what Nissan did with the all new totally reimagined kicks. The dynamic new exterior styling immediately announces that Nissan isn't messing around the interior. A completely redesigned cabin with premium features like wireless, apple car play. And a panoramic moonroof makes driving a kicks immersive and exciting. And with new performance and safety features like intelligent all-wheel drive, the kicks is both more fun and safer to drive than ever before. It's the dawning of a brand new era for the Nissan Kicks. Only one question remains. Is it a new era for you as well? Drive the all new reimagined Nissan Kicks today Available feature. Bose is a registered trademark of the Bose Corporation. Nissan Safety Shield technologies can't prevent all collisions or worn in all situations. See owner's manual for important safety information.


Hey Fab. If you like me, you're thinking about how to level up in your career, baby. You're fresh outta college, just starting in your field or even looking to switch things up and find your true calling. Whatever stage you're in, remember that this is your time to grow, to learn, and to build something that lasts. State Farm understands that early career development is key to long-term success. They've been a steady presence in our communities and they know that having the right support early on can make all the difference. State Farm is there to help you make smart moves and to help you get the coverage you need. We all know the journey to success is a marathon, not a sprint. It's about staying focused, staying grounded, and making sure you're protected every step of the way. Let's build our careers with confidence, knowing that State Farm is there to support us just like they've always been, because Like a good neighbor, State Farm is there. Find out more@stateforum.com.


Alright, we're all set for the party. I've trimmed the tree, hung the missile toe, and paired all those weird shaped knives and forks with the appropriate cheeses. And I plugged in the Artesian Artesian. It's a home cocktail maker that makes over 60 premium cocktails plus a whole lot of seasonal favorites too. I just got it for 50 off. So how about a cosmopolitan or a missile toe? Margarita? I'm Thirsty. Watch. I just pop in a capsule, choose my strength. And Wow, it's beginning to feel more seasonal in here already. If your holiday party doesn't have a bartender, then you become the bartender unless you've got a artesian, because artesian crafts every cocktail perfectly in as little as 30 seconds. And I just got it for $50 off. Tis the season to be jollier. You Add some holiday flavor to every celebration with the sleek, sophisticated home cocktail maker, Barian, pick up your phone and shake it to get $50 off any cocktail maker. Yes, you heard me shake your phone and get $50 off. Don't delay, Only turn out because they're all whatever.


But I think that it's only fair when people are upset that they have a right to be upset because we are the ones, the black community are the ones, we are the ones that gave up the lives. We are the ones that, that were beaten to death from Emmett Till on, from, from the people hanging from the trees that we don't know. So nobody wants to hear, well, I'm gonna help you. I was disappointed if I may say so in Bernice, when, when, when, when Mrs. King died, as, You know, the, the Bush people wanted to come to the funeral, but Harry Belafonte had been the person who had taken care of Mrs. King. Who, when, when, when Martin died, it was Harry who said to Mrs. King, don't worry, don't worry, I've got I've got the kids.


You, they don't worry about them going to college. I've got your back. He took care of those people. And the Bush people said, we're not gonna come to the funeral if Harry Belafonte is there now. This is something, You know, something you can look up whatever. And Bernice said, oh, and told Harry Belafonte, well, you cannot come. That was disappointing. That was disappointing. Now she has of course, recognized that she was a fool. And I think she's trying to do some other things. I'm not, I'm not trying to judge her. I'm just saying that was disappointing. So Miss Giovanni, how, how should we engage then? Because I mean, I'm just hypothetically, and I'm glad we don't have to deal with this. If Trump would've stayed in the White House, oh, could black people afford to just sit on the sidelines for four years and not engage?


I Don dunno, sweetheart. I'm gonna say it again. God is good. I do not know what we would do with four more years of Trump. Now that doesn't mean it totally, or it doesn't mean to me that Biden is some angel someplace, but it does mean he's better than Trump. So I'm gonna hope that America moves forward. That's all I can, that's all I can, that's all I can, can do. Absolutely. And I'm gonna be as honest about watching things as I can. Rest in peace. Nikki. Giovanni, we have more with that conversation when we come back. It's The Breakfast Club. Good morning. Morning everybody. It's Djj Envy. Charlemagne the guy. Jess. Hilarious. We are The Breakfast Club.


We gotta send a rest in peace to Nikki Giovanni. Now Charlamagne, you got a chance to actually talk with her about what, four, five years ago during Covid? It was During, it was 2020 if I'm not mistaken. Yep. Yeah, angel E was also on the interview. We're gonna get that back on. She passed away yesterday and it's The Breakfast Club. Good morning. I I watch your conversation with James Baldwin quite often. Thank you. And, and it's, it's so many gems that were in that conversation. Like, like you talk about the language of love. What is the language of love to you? We, right now, you And I, you, you're like my son right now. But this is the language of love. We're, we're honestly engaging in each other. We're honestly sharing with our community and whoever else wants to listen. We're not closing.


We're, as I said earlier, I don't lock the door and we're not cutting off any communication here. Anybody wants to tune in, can tune in. That's the language of love. We are communicating and we are trying to help each other get through it. 'cause it's still not gonna be easy. Yeah. I don't know if You know or not, but there was such a discussion around your conversation with James Baldwin, You know, especially the part where you said you want a man, you basically told him, lie to me the way you lied to the white man. You know, I love, I I will always remember Jimmy's face when I said that because he, he just went like, oh, 'cause he hadn't thought about it that way because Jimmy knew that they do.


We do lie to people who hate us. We smile at them in the morning. We do lie to the people who hate us. So if it's going to be a lie, lie to me. I'm the one trying to make you understand. I I'm, I I love you. I'm the one trying to have a meal for you. You know, it's fascinating when you look at history And I I love history. It's fascinating when you look at the enslaved woman who got up before Don and put on some food. One of the reasons that I and many other southerners love food that cooks all day is that we got used to it from our grandmothers and they got used to it from their grandmothers. But she would put a pot on and a fire.


She would then go out into the field with him. They would work all day. And when they came on, that would be came home in this little shack. And you've seen slave shacks, you've seen what they, what they gave for, for black people to live in. But they would have food that was warm that she had cooked, that they would eat. And that was love. And, And I, I think that we have to recognize the love that we gave. And of course, let me, let me be real killer about that. Black men loved and still do black women. We don't have any history of black men beating black women doing slavery. I don't have any history of that. So when did you learn it?


Learned it from your oppression? You see what I'm saying? You have a quote that I love And I wish in this era of cancel culture, more people would adopt it. You say mistakes are a fact of life. It is the response to the era that counts. Could you, could you expound on that? Oh no. That, that's quite true. People get upset when they, when they get upset. If they have the wrong boyfriend or girlfriend, they get upset if they don't get the job. They thought people get upset because they think that life should be smooth. And we all are gonna make mistakes. There's a reason pencils have erasers. And one of the things that I am a firm believer in, and it's fine. I don't read my own, I don't read, I seldom, I shouldn't say I don't, but very seldom read my old poetry.


It's because I don't, I I don't mind contradicting myself. And I would say that I, I teach at, at here at Virginia Tech, and one of the things i i, I try to tell my students is don't involve yourself too much in your early writing. Because if you do, you'll try not to contradict yourself. If you won't contradict yourself, you won't grow. Ooh. And one of the sad things, and And I knew I had the, the pleasure of knowing that she was my sorority sister, Aretha Franklin. But I also, I looked at, at a young Michael Jackson. I didn't know, I knew Michael, but not like we weren't friends.


And what he did as a singer, what she did actually as a singer, what Prince did as a singer, is they kept singing the same song. And if you sing the same song, eventually it wears you down. So we know that Prince, I'm sure You know, that Prince was not, for example, a drug addict. Prince died because he had pills because of the pain. He was trying to dance. He was trying to, to put on high heeled shoes and dance because he thought that's what people wanted. And of course, whether that's what people wanted or not, leave the door open and go out and do, 'cause he's a great musician. It's a shame that we lost him because he wanted to be something that he had been finished with.


Show me someone not full of herself. And I'll show you a hungry person. Oh yeah. I, I I keep trying to grasp what that quote means. Can you explain that one? Well, the first thing, and I'm always laughing about that and, And I, I'm now gonna speak as a black woman, but the first thing you have to do when you wake up in the morning as a black woman is look in the mirror and smile at yourself. Because all of your life, all of your mother's life, all of your grandmother's life, we've been told we were ugly and we were black. We, we've been told. And so the first thing you have to do is you have to train yourself. So you wake up and you smile in the mirror. You look at yourself and say, girl, you all right? Because if you don't do that, that may be the only smile you get today.


And if you do it, if you get into that habit, it's going to fill you up. And you're gonna, you, you're gonna be kind to yourself. You're gonna look out for yourself. You're gonna pay attention to yourself. And I think that that's so important because we've seen so many people be abused because they didn't know that they didn't have to, they didn't have to be abused. That that was not a good idea. That what they needed to do was to love themselves. What I'm saying, it's, it's very important that, that we look at women because what we do with men is we take away so much of the joy of men. Men not We do, we let men have fights with people who don't matter and we love you.


So we do expect you to come home and be and be kind to us. We expect you to, to spend some time with us. And we're not asking for a lot of money. We know you were poor when we were sleeping with you. We are, we're just saying pay a little attention here. Let us know that you care. Wow. I love that. I love what you said too about smiling in the mirror because you got these kids who get on social media looking for validation from everybody else. Yeah. And not giving it to themselves. You have to give it to yourself and You know, you are a good person. So the one thing you have to say to yourself is, I'm a good person because you are. To be a black American is is to be great actually, because we have built a nation.


And by building the nation, we built a world. And I, I think that nobody, I really don't, I don't know anybody who would wake up in the morning and say, I want to be white. I, I just don't, I don't know if you do. I don know anybody. I think it's, I Don know anybody that does that. But I know a lot of people who wake up and say, I wanna be darker. And they go down to the Caribbean so that they can get a tan. That's right. So Man, it was such a pleasure. You know, everything you're saying is amazing and it gives me such a better understanding of myself. And that's what a, a wise woman once said, if you don't understand yourself, you don't understand anyone else now. Wise woman was Miss Nikki Giovanni.


So thank you. Go go pick up the book, make me Rain poems and prose. Miss Giovanni, it was a pleasure. Oh, thank you. It's my pleasure. Thank you. Thank you. It's The Breakfast Club. Morning Everybody. It's DJ Envy, just hilarious. Charlamagne the guy. We are The Breakfast Club. Laura LaRosa filling in for Jess. Rest in peace, Nick Giovanni and rest in peace. Nick Giovanni, let's get to just with the Mess. Your news is real. Just Moore, just don't do no lying. Don't she don't spell nobody Worldwide, worldwide Mess on The Breakfast Club. She's the coaches. Lauren, Lauren, la I'm back And I got the mess.


Talk to me. All right. Also, picking this back up from the first hour, not specifically Jay-Z related, but the attorney, there's reports out right now of a filing against attorney Tony Busby, which is the attorney that has filed a bunch of lawsuits against City, recently amended the lawsuit and added Jay-Z's name into the sexual assault allegations. There's a man suing him right now, a man named Matthew Ray Thompson. And this man is alleging that back in 2023, he was hurt very badly on a job. So he retained Attorney Busby when he retained Attorney Busby because he was trying to, You know, just get money for being hurt on the job. Attorney Busby worked it out with his employer at the time that they would of course pay him on the leave, I guess while they figured out, decided what was happening and while they worked on the settlement.


And once the settlement happened. Now when that happened, Matthew says that this triggered automatic payments from his employer that would then go to Busby first and then Busby would distribute those payments to him, which happens when you settle out a lot of times in a injured, on a job type of case. But he says that the issue came in where it got to a point somehow, some way where he's alleging that Busby started to loan him his own money. And he says to add insult to injury, Busby began to, Busby began to attach a very high interest rate onto this. Now he claims that Busby held back more than 60% of the money that he was owed from whatever the settlement was, and alleges that Busby had a representative or had a rep already for pulling this move with other clients.


And this guy, I guess found that out after. So people are picking this up and reporting it because they're putting it with the fact that, You know, Jay-Z said, yo, you just ambulance chaser, you just tried to get money from these cases. So this guy is saying in his suit that basically what he learned from his, his experience was that Busby, he's alleging that Busby became rich by milking settlements with threats of negative attention from people who rely on their public reputations for their livelihood. I haven't reached out to Buzzy for a comment on this, but some of the reports said that they have reached out and that there's no word back yet. So this is picking up again because Jay-Z's like, yo, you only doing this for the money, and then this lawsuit happens. And people are like, oh, is this a lawsuit that, is this what he's talking about?


Now you remember Busby was saying that Jay-Z went and got a private investigator and was trying to dig up all this dirt and blah, blah, blah. Yeah. So I, there's a lot starting to come out now about, I guess Busby and where a lot of his clients and people staying with him. Somebody gonna set up a Busby hotline and it's gonna say if, if Busby ever did you dirty Yep. Or 1-800-WHATEVER. Oh one 800 Busby Busby One 800 Busby Busby is crazy. That's a lot of how many numbers is, That's too many numbers. That's too many numbers. But I, but I think in this case, I, I think, You know, I don't wanna say Buzzby match, he met his match, but he met his match. He met somebody with the finances that can go at him that doesn't have to settle and is not looking to settle. So we'll see how this plays out in Court. Yeah, I mean, I would just hope as an attorney, I hope his hands are clean because I think if you, whenever you dig into somebody else's dirt, if there's dirt, somebody gonna dig it.


You know what I mean? Of course. It's just a part of, it's a part of the game. Now moving on, Jamie Foxx, you guys know he's been advertising his, what had happened was Netflix special, it dropped, it is out. I've watched some of it, not all of it, but it is really, really good. And I would honestly call this more than just a Netflix like comedy special. He gets very emotional. He's telling his story what happens and you, it's like almost like, like a production. Like he's telling his life story. There's music, cute, a lot of gospel, but he walks out on stage instantly just happy to be alive. Literally. Let's take a listen. Have no good. It feels, I don So in that audio, he's walking out and he's just dancing to, I'm on a new level, I'm on a new level, but he's in tears and he's like, yo, Atlanta, y'all have no, like, I'm so happy to be here.


I'm literally happy to be alive. And for a background for people who did not know the medical emergency that Jamie Fox suffered, which we are gonna get into 'cause he finally does disclose what it was happened in Atlanta. So for him, he says his comedy career really took off in Atlanta. That medical emergency happened in Atlanta. So it was important for him to come back to Atlanta to do this special. Now let's take, tell Us what the medical emergency was. Lauren, we gonna get to it. Calm down. Calm down. We gonna get to It. Calm down. Okay. All right. So what? No, I'm just laughing at him. Don't, because Bobby Ana's over here moving. I thought you was mad at her. Okay, so The next, did you get to what the mad was? I'm trying, leave me Alone. Dang, you good?


No, because you got all the good stuff and you ain't telling me I wanna know about the medical EI wanna know what he said about Puff. I don't care about all this other stuff. You Going to look at you and puff. Okay, so the next, the next clip he does get into Diddy and he talks about if Diddy had anything to do with him in the medical emergency. The internet was trying to kill me though. The internet said that Puffy tried to kill me. That's what the internet was saying. I know what you thinking. Diddy party early. I was out by nine something. Don't look right How you feel Charla. I gotta watch it. I wanna see in the cool context. Did it. Oh, Alright.


Now in the next part he also talks about like what actually happened to him again when this happened. It was, mom, we knew something happened. His daughter and his sister did a really good job of protecting all of the details. So we've never fully gotten it. Let's say, listen, What had happened was you did wow man. Please Lord, let me get through this. April 11th I was having a bad headache And I asked my boy for a aspir And I realized quickly that when you in a medical emergency, your boys don't know what the fuck to do. But I was having such a bad headache. So I asked my boy, I said, listen, I need a a, a, a aspirin before I could get the aspirin.


I went out, I don't remember 20 days. What they told me was, was that they took me to the first doctor and the doc, that doctor just gave me a cortisone shot and sent me home. Yeah. I don't know what the fuck is that? I don't know if you can do Yelps for doctors, but that's half a star. Yeah. So then he continues on his, his sister and his daughter. And I remember I was working at TM Z even has happened. And when these type of things happen normally there's always a way that you can get some info. When I tell you they held it down, you could not get anywhere close to Jamie and what happened to him. And he talks about his daughter and his sister. So what Was the medical Emergency? We about to get into it. Let's take, listen to the next clip. My little sister who's always played the background, now I gotta play the lead.


They say she drove around Atlanta sort of aimlessly. She didn't really know where the hospitals was, but as she was driving around, she came up on Piedmont Hospital As she drove around, she didn't know anything about Piedmont Hospital, but she had a hunch that some angels is in there. So they tell me, my sister took me into the hospital and this cool white boy, Dr. Shooty cool white boy, they say he had on a Laker jersey just cool as shit. He told my sister he's having a brain bleed that's led to a stroke. Here's the thing, when you dream about what you want to be in life, you don't dream tragedy. Wow. A brain bleed that led to a stroke. Yes. I gotta watch that in this full context. I mean I that's why you, it is important to watch things in this full context instead of just listening to clips.


But I watched it up at beyond that point and he said that to this day they still don't know what caused the blame. The brain bleed. That was the first thing I asked you. I was like, what caused it? 'cause He said to this day they still don't know. He About to book a point. Look at you're about to book an appointment. Look at you To ask chat GPT first, then I'm gonna book an appoint. But that's the thing. 'cause you always wanna know what happened, what got him to that point, right? Yeah. And not to say you wish bad on anything, but you just want a reason why. Was it a car accident? Was it a crash? Was did he hit his head? You wanna know what it was. So you could start like, bla I had a headache for a long time. Am I having a brain bleed? Do I gotta make an appointment? That's just the way I think. Well it's okay. Brain hemorrhaging. Okay, I've heard of this before. So sometimes it's 'cause of trauma, like head injury. See that's what I was saying, trauma to a blood vessel, high blood pressure, Clogged arteries is was one of the reasons, right?


Yeah. Yeah. My mom did, my mom went through this Clotting issues. Yep. Yeah. So, but he said Substance abuse. He said that I, I guess they couldn't pinpoint it for him, but yeah, I mean it's, it's really for what I was watched so far, it's it's really, really good. But it's also really funny. He makes fun of himself. Like he couldn't walk for a while. It better be Funny. It's a special. Yeah, but because it's hilarious. It's also, I was about to cry with him. He cried a lot. He cried a bunch. Yeah, he talked about him time, his time in the hospital, how he wanted to quit and how the nurses were were, were very supportive. You gotta watch it. It is. It is. It's on Netflix now. It's Netflix now. Yeah. I'm gonna watch it later. All right. Well Latt is just with the mess with L la Rosa. You Thought I was dramatic? Wait till you watch it. You gonna be like, you gonna think it's gonna take forever to get to what you wanna know. Oh Lord. Oh you your Donkey too man. There's a woman in Florida named Victoria Musa Mu Mua.


I can't pronounce her last name. We can tell, but boy she need to come to the front of the congregation. We would like to have a word with her. Alright, We'll get to that. Next is The Breakfast Club. Good morning. Make sure you telling to watch out for Florida man. Florida man, the craziest people in America come from the Bronx in all of Florida. Yes, you are a donkey. The Florida man attacked an ATM for a very strange reason. It gave him too much money. Florida man is arrested after deputies say he rigged the door to his home in an attempt to electrocute his pregnant wife. Police arrested an Orlando man for attacking a flamingo. Put The Breakfast Club bitchy donkey other day with Charla. Hane to God. I don't know why y'all keep letting him get y'all like this. Well, Duval, it's not me, it's Florida.


Okay, donkey day for Tuesday, December 10th goes to a Florida woman named Victoria Mue. Okay? She is 33 years old and she helps from one of my favorite places in The World, Orlando, Florida. Salute everybody who listens to us on 1 0 4 0.5 to beat in Orlando, dropping a cruise bombs from 1 0 4 0.5 to beat Orlando. What's happening? What does your uncle Sharla always say about the great state of Florida? Say it with me. The craziest people in America come from the Bronx and all of Florida and today is no exception. See, Victoria was stopped in Fort Lauderdale at the intersection of Livington Street and Huley Avenue because she failed to yield the right of way to another vehicle. So she got pulled over and when the officer called dispatch to check on her identity, they were told there was a warrant out in Orange County for a DUI.


So officers did what they, they do. They took her out of the vehicle. A red Ford Escape. Okay? This car was typecasted for what happens next. They took her out of her red Ford Escape and brought her back to the patrol car, advised her of the warrant and that she would be put under arrest. That's when Victoria decided to make like her Ford and escape. She started to resist, ran back to her Ford Escape, jumped in and placed it in drive. But there was a problem with that. See, her 6-year-old daughter was in the backseat. But one of the police officers had also gotten into the backseat of the Ford Escape with the daughter as well. I mean, they were taking her mother to jail. So somebody had to be with the 6-year-old. But listen to what I just said. Victoria found out she had a warrant for her, her arrest for DUI.


And clearly she must've still been drunk because there was a police officer in the backseat with her 6-year-old. What do you think Victoria did next? Comply to the commands to get outta the SUV. Realize there was a police officer in her backseat and just surrender. No, this is Florida. She drove away. Put the cop in the back with the police officer in the backseat. Where we going? I look mom's a busy nowadays, okay? Sometimes you gotta bring a cop along for carpool duty. All right. Did He have a seatbelt on? I have no idea. You know, she wanted more community policing. This is her way of getting it. All right. Where does she think she was going with a police officer in her backseat? In most places on the planet, a police officer in the backseat would deter you from trying to make a getaway.


But not in Florida? Nope. Nope, nope, nope. In Florida, you combine traffic stops, kidnapping and a family road trip. Okay? Drop on the cruise bombs from multitasking. All right? Not to mention, where would you be going when the officer in the back seat can just tell his fellow officers exactly where you're going. Okay. This is literally the equivalent of someone sharing their Uber ride status with you. In fact, this could be a new Uber service called Uber arrest. Why don't we have cops? Florida edition. There gotta be a Cops s Florida edition, right? I'm sure there has to be a cops just dedicated to Florida. This has to exist already, right? All you gotta do is attach a GoPro to every cop called in Florida and just sit back and be entertained.


Please give Victoria Mu the sweet sounds of the Hamiltons. That's it. What else do you need to hear Of the day? Heehaw? Did You tell to go? I Say did right end. She ain't going no damn well She pulled over. Yes, eventually. And she's in jail for looting police. I thought there was more to the story. I wanted to be like battle like Boo and he ah, You know I wasn't, she knew the cop was there the whole time. Yeah, but since she already pulled off and the cop was already there, baby girl coulda just like, I don't know where we going.


Was she going straight to jail? She going to straight to the police department. Like where's she going? No. Eventually the police officer followed her, followed her down the street. She finally stopped at the intersection and she was placed in the custody. That's all. And now she faces a charge of fleeing and eluding police. No game. I mean we could, if you want to. I want to play a game if you really feel like you need to, but sure. Let's play a game of yes, what race it Is. All right. A Florida woman driving in Orlando Monday flood a traffic stop and arrest while she had the police officer and her 6-year-old daughter in the back car. Guess what race she is is envy.


Hmm. Now white. You the one who wanted to play. I'm curious. You wanted to play now you don't know. I don't know. That's why I'm asking. I think why do you think she white? I don't know. I mean what the cau cassy of having a officer in the backseat and still feeling like you can drive off The DUI feeling and the fact that it, the DUI. What you mean all races get DUIs. Well, but not only that, but the fact that you had a police officer in the back and he didn't beat your head in as you were driving off kind of makes me feel like you were wreck. Why would he beat her head To pull it? To stop To pull over. She's driving. Then she could wreck and kill us all. You idiot. Boy, you stupid. Stop The Cross. Shut out. Shut up. Shut up. I don Lauren.


Did the baby girl in the backseat or the baby in the backseat say anything? How was the baby? Well, hold On. Lauren, a Florida woman driving in Orlando Monday, flood of traffic stop and arrest police say by hopping back in her SUV and driving off while a police officer was in the back with her daughter. Guess what Ray she is. Lauren LaRosa. I think she's heroin white. But no, the baby in the backseat didn't say nothing. I didn't, they didn't say anything. You gotta stop The car. The police gotta stop the car somehow away. I'm not gonna beat the woman in the back head. Got a 6-year-old daughter in the back, but you don't to Get on the highway and take off and start going crazy. You gotta get her and stop the car, put the car Turn To kill. 6-year-old, six, seven, whatever. Would've been like dad, somebody in the car, right? My niece would've been like someone else is in the car. Mom. Because why would she pull Off with the car? Well, six she years though. She understands police officers.


But what's the race? A police officer. Well, both of you racist bigots are wrong. Okay? She is not white. She is negro. Wow. Wow. I wouldn't have guessed that one because you racist. She crazy. I would've drove right to my mama house. You See With the cop in the back? Yes. Come get my baby. I'm going to jail. Well, orange is the new black yo. Okay, this is, I wouldn't guessed that one her. No. Right. I She got braids. What is it? Gr. She got corn. What does it Look like? Well, she had them cornrows for a little too long. That's what it looked like. Jesus. Because it got the little Afro that growing over it. I, it looked, You know how your hair look under that wig? First of all, this is not a wig baby. This is all me. I know you don't know what it feels like to grow hair and like hair lines and stuff anymore, but this is what it looks like.


Okay? No, look at It. Look at this. Your natural and your wigs all look the same. It saw me. It saw me and saw me. That's Not Felicia. This is Eva. Eva is the natural mature girl. Ah. Oh, okay. She is cheek, she's trimm. Well, You know Eva And she's back for the A vengeance. Jesus. Because both of them always just look like they're in need of some type of mirror. All right? They just all look like they going through some type of struggle that they need help. You know what Your hairline look like? What? I don don't have one. Me Sir. Exactly. Mind your business. Stay out. All right girls. All right. Girls, girls. Gals, gals, gals. The funny thing is she been trying to make it bounce all morning, but it ain't really bouncing. Don't do me. Don't. Cus the vibe is That Bob is not athletic. I'll be moving. All right gals. All right gal. Let's open up the phone lines Of the 1980 NB player.


805 5 Pipping On a bob. That's crazy. No PI was athletic. Okay, don't playing playing. Don't Play with me. That's Bob Coy. We're talking JAL White. Did you hear what Jil White said about Family Madison Show and why he feels like it's not high as ranking when it comes to black classic shows? This is what he said. Being A part of the TGIF brand sometimes makes you feel like you don't completely belong in the pan.


The holidays are about spending time with your loved ones and creating magical memories that will last a lifetime. So whether it's family and friends you haven't seen in a while, or those who you see all the time, share holiday magic this season with an ice cold Coca-Cola. Copyright 2024, the Coca-Cola company.


The holidays are here and it's that time of year to think about yes, gifts but not only gifts, it's the guests, the party planning, and the true meaning of the season. Spending time with family and friends. We know it's a lot, but we're here to ease your mind and share some tips. So we'll make it through. Together with the season getting underway, now is the time to shop early for amazing holiday deals at Amazon. Amazon has a wide selection for all your holiday needs. The reason I love this so much is because it is the holidays and there's things that I've had family members and friends ask me for throughout the year that I simply would not give them the money to get, but I will get them the actual items. So whether it's laptops, hair steamers, dining sets, makeup, better wigs for Lauren LaRosa, whatever it is they need, Amazon. Got it. And Please remember, you can find the best holiday gifts on Amazon. Shop great deals now on Amazon and visit amazon.com/black Effect podcast for my favorite picks.


The World is constantly changing. It's up to you to decide how to respond. Choose to be bold to try something new. Choose to reinvent yourself. That's what Nissan did with the all new total reimagined kicks. The dynamic new exterior style immediately announces that Nissan isn't messing around the interior. A completely redesigned cabin with preview features like wireless. Apple CarPlay and panoramic moonroof make driving and kicks immersive and exciting. And with new performance and safety features like intelligent all-wheel drive, the kicks is both more fun and safer to drive than ever before is the dawning of a brand new era for the Nissan Kicks on. One question remains, is it a new era for you as well? Drive all new reimagined Nissan Kicks today. Available Feature. Bose is a registered trademark of the Bose Corporation. Nissan Safety Shield technologies can't prevent all collisions or worn in all situations. See owners manual for important safety information.


Hey fam, this is Carlos Miller from the 85 South Show. If you're like me, you're always thinking about how to level up your career. Maybe you're fresh outta college, just starting in your field or even looking to switch things up and find your true calling. Whatever stage you're in, remember that this is your time to grow, to learn, and to build something that lasts. State Farm understands that early career development is key to long-term success. They've been a steady presence in our community and they know having the right support early can make all the difference. State Farm is there to help you make smart moves and to help you get the coverage you need. We all know that the journey to success is a marathon, not a sprint. It's all about staying focused, staying grounded, and making sure you're protected every step of the way. Let's build our careers with confidence, knowing that State Farm is there to support us just like they've always been because Like a good neighbor, State Farm is there. Find out more@statefarm.com.


Alright, we're all set for the party. I've trimmed the tree, hung the missile toe, and paired all those weird shaped knives and forks with the appropriate cheeses. And I plugged in the Artesian Artesian. It's a home cocktail maker that makes over 60 premium cocktails plus a whole lot of seasonal favorites too. I just got it for 50 off. So how about a cosmopolitan or a missile toe? Margarita? I'm thirsty. Watch. I just pop in a capsule, choose my strength and wow, It's beginning to feel more seasonal in here already. If your holiday party doesn't have a bartender, then you become the bartender unless you've got a artesian, because artesian crafts every cocktail perfectly in as little as 30 seconds. And I just got it for $50 off. Tis the season to be jolly or Add some holiday flavor to every celebration with the sleek, sophisticated home cocktail maker. Artesian. Pick up your phone and shake it to get $50 off any cocktail maker. Yes, you heard me Shake your phone and get $50 off. Don't Delay.


Pantheon of blackness. You know, blackness has been treated as a very monolithic experience in entertainment. You know, if it's not a hood story, it's not a black story. You know, sometimes I feel left outta that, You know? So it's like, You know, like if there's any, if there's ever a poll and they say, oh, what are your favorite black shows? You know, Martin is in there. A living single or any of those kind. I already know we coming in last, but if there's ever a poll and it's just like your favorite family shows and suddenly Martin's not in there or whatever, all of a sudden we rank really high. And so it's kind of interesting in how we look at ourselves to be quite honest, even as black folks. Alright, well let's talk about what he said.


805 8 5 1 0 5. I dunno. I deal what the hell he's talking about. We'll discuss it. Alright, we'll discuss when he, do you agree with JAL White? No. Does, can you say he was in Wilmington, Delaware? Lack of trauma. Huh? He was in Wilmington, Delaware at the Wilmington Library. By the way, when he had this conversation, It must be to Walden in Delaware. 'cause I didn't understand nothing. He just talked about I, I highly disagree. Well, so quiet in unison. I hate y'all. Let's discuss when we come back. It's The Breakfast Club. Good morning. The Breakfast Club. You said my phone. My phone, Man. It's topic time. Call 8 5 8 5 1 0 5 1 to join into the discussion with The Breakfast Club. Morning everybody. It's DJ Envy.


Just hilarious. Charlamagne guy. We are The Breakfast Club. Lauren LaRosa filling in for Jess. If you're just joining us, we were talking about something Jalil White said yesterday during an interview, and this is what he said, Being a part of the TGIF brand sometimes makes you feel like you don't completely belong in the pantheon of blackness. You know, blackness has been treated as a very monolithic experience in entertainment. You know, if it's not a hood story, it's not a black story. You know, sometimes I feel left outta that, You know, so it's like, You know, like if there's any, if there's ever a poll and they say, oh, what are your favorite black shows? You know, Martin is in there, a living single or any of those kind. I already know we coming in last, but if there's ever a poll and it's just like your favorite family shows and suddenly Martin's not in there or whatever, all of a sudden we rank really high.


And so it's kind of interesting in how we look at ourselves, to be quite honest, even as black folks. So we're asking, what are your thoughts? Let's start with you, Lauren. I think I put Family Matters in the legacy black shows, and not just because it's, I like all the shows I like Aren't Hood show? Like what happened to living single? Like there's a lot of shows that aren't hood stories, that they're just good black shows. Like It's definitely, it definitely, it's definitely in the legacy black shows. Absolutely, positively. Now I will say it didn't connect to me like some of the other shows, but it's definitely, it's definitely a legacy show. Like Different World was something that, that, You know, was the reason why I wanted to go university, go to college, You know what I mean?


Cosby Show was, it was so many things on the Cosby shows that was, You know, that I loved and that I did with my kids. And I see with my father just seeing a, a family on television, a successful family getting money. But Family Matters. I love watching it, but it didn't connect. I, it's hard for me to remember episodes of Family Matters. Like I do Different World or like I do Martin or like I do a Fresh Prince of Bel Air or like I do The Cosby Show for some reason. I don't know why, but those shows connect more to me than Family Matters. Did I also feel like why have this conversation now? Because there are a lot of people who look At Well Book just came out. That's Fine. Yeah. But like, why bring that in? I just, I don't know. I just, I don, I don I don't see the point in highlighting that or maybe, You know, we only got a clip of it because there's so many people look who look at him as like, this is Jelle White, this is Urkel, this is, You know, like that's a big thing for a lot of people.


Like he's recognized through generations. So it's like, why would you take away from that? Tell me. I would absolutely mention Family Matters as a Legacy black show. It is a show from that golden era of nineties black tv. But I highly disagree with what Jilil is saying about shows having to be hood to connect because he knows better. He comes from the era of black excellence on tv. You know, he mentioned Martin and Living Single, those shows he named Weren't Hood at All. At in fact, fact, everyone on those shows had great careers. Martin was a radio personality. Khadija was the CEO of a magazine. Gina worked for a PR firm. Maxine Shaw was a lawyer. Like, so I, I often ask myself, Tommy Ain't had no job, but Tommy didn't have no job. But I, I often ask myself, how did we go from all the positive black representation of the nineties to the reality TV show, You know, nonsense in the early two thousands.


And for me, the reality of of Family Matters is, yes, I put it amongst the legacy Black shows, but I would probably rank it last among a lot of black shows, simply because it's just not as good as those other shows. Correct. If you're talking about Fresh Prince, the Cos Cosby Show, Martin The Cosby Show. Different World. Different World. Yeah. Living Single, I can't say Family Matters is better than any of those shows. Not at All. So he's a friend of the room. I know we had a conversation with him. So y'all feel like that's just a cop out for him not wanting to admit that they, that show just wasn't as good. I, I mean maybe what was the question? What was the question? I don I don question what the actual question they asked because Lemme go look Because, because he was in Delaware, so I mean he might've been misled was saying, what was the question he was at, he what, what was the question you was asking? No, What did you say before that Said he wasn't so he might been misled.


What the Hell Ba what made you there? Yeah. What? Hello? Hey, what's up brother? What's your thoughts? My thoughts are, I actually think, sorry. First of all, how y'all doing y'all? Y'all? Good morning, peace King. How morning brother? Good, good man. Good to talk to y'all. I think J White actually got a point. I think that we do kind of separate ourselves. Like we kind of throw those like shows like Fresh Prince and Martin into the same category. The ones that seem a little more animated but like shows like the Cosby or what do you call it? A different world? Family Matters. Yeah, different world. We don't really throw those in there. That's Not true. I Mean, we do Know what you talking about And I throw the Cosby world And I never used the word hood to describe any of those shows.


No Fresh Prince of Ballet never said Hood. He Moved away Ly. No, I never said Hood. I didn't say Hood. I said more animated like those other shows that are a little more animated like Family Matters was real an animated right. Who was more animated than Steve Bruker. But J White animated Jilil White used the word hood. He said, oh, He said Hood. I see. Yeah. Okay. Yeah. Then I don't that maybe I don't agree with him. I don't think it's Hood, You know, hood shows because we also grew in, what do you call girlfriends too, don't we? Come on now. Bringing up those shows. That's one of my favorite shows of all time. But see Girlfriends was the early two thousands. That was, that wasn't the nineties Jal Whites actual chord of, it's not a hood story, it's not a black story. I totally disagree with that quote. I totally disagree.


But the only hood quote unquote hood story outta outta a lot of 'em, you name was Fresh Prince Will Smith leaving Philly coming there. But that wasn't a hood story. That Wasn't no Hood story. But that was the only thing that he was even remotely hood. I mean, Hold on. Wait, wait, wait. I will, okay. That's not a hood story as in because wasn't Hood different. Girl wasn't hood. It's not like a bang bang shoot him up. Killer drug dealer. But it is a hood a lot. There's a lot of hood kids from the hood that had to leave to go be, that's a, that's a, but That's the closest to Hood. How Many kids? Whoa, whoa, whoa. How many kids from the hood, You know, got a rich ass family that they can go live with. Even if it, especially in that era, Even if it's not as rich, it's the nuanced of I had to leave my neighborhood to be Philadelphia. Better West Philadelphia, born and raised. I had to like that. That's that's not a Hood Story though. That is, that's a hood that is, no it's not One of La not the hood.


There was nothing hood about the Building. But the over the overarching Storyline. That's the only thing that's remotely a little bit. But outside of that, none of those other ones are hood's. Not Hood, not even close First Prince of Ballet Ain't Hood. Nope. Hello? Who's this? Hello? Hey, what's your name bro? It's Rico. Rico. What's up? Talk to us. What's your thoughts? I think it's not really our fault. Over the years, I think we've been programmed to relate more to the, to the hood stories rather than like the ordinary family stories and Struggles. I think we missing something per usual. What? Let's talk about context. JAL White was talking about Family Matters in the nineties, right? Compared to those other sitcoms that were on there.


Were not, these sitcoms were not Hood No Press Prince was not Hood Martin was not Hood Living. Single was not Hood. Different World was not Hood. Cosby Show was not Hood. I, I, I understand. Let's, let's, let's, let's, let's keep up in the context of the time he's talking about y'all, right? And what was on tv? Not, not now in this era. Well let's listen to what he had to say. We'll take your calls when we come back. Alright, what's your thoughts? 805 8 5 1 0 5 1 is The Breakfast Club. Good morning. If y'all talking about it, You know, we talking about it, it's Topic times Call 805 8 5 1 0 5 1 to join into the discussion With The Breakfast Club.


Morning everybody. It's DJ Envy, Jess hilarious Charlamagne ne guy. We are The Breakfast Club. Now if you're just joining us, Lauren Lar was filling in for Jess and we were playing an interview that J White did out in Delaware. Let's listen. Being a part of the TGIF brand sometimes makes you feel like you don't completely belong in the pantheon of blackness. You know, blackness has been treated as a very monolithic experience in entertainment. You know, if it's not a hood story, it's not a black story. You know, sometimes I feel left outta that, You know, so it's like, You know, like if there's any, if there's ever a poll and they say, oh, what are your favorite black shows? You know, Martin is in there a living single or any of those kind.


I already know we coming in last. But if there's ever a poll and it's just like your favorite family shows and suddenly Martin's not in there or whatever, all of a sudden we rank really high. And so it's kind of interesting in how we look at ourselves to be quite honest, even as black folks. Alright. Yeah. The more I hear it, the more I really disagree, You know? 'cause 'cause he said if it's not a hood story, it's not a black story. And, and, and, And I guess what, what, what I really disagree with is he came up in a era where there was so much black excellence on tv. Like we talked about Fresh Prince and Cosby Show, Martin Martin and Living Single in a different world in Cosby. But what about stuff like rock? Rock was just a hardworking garbage man. You know what I mean?


You think about stuff like the parenthood and the parenthood. The lead of that show was like a black English professor, right? So those shows weren't centered around hood stuff. Like, You know what I mean? So I don't, I didn't, I highly disagree when he says, You know, a black story is a hood story. A hood story is a black story. However you worded it. Alright, Well let's go to the full lines. We got Lamar on the line. Lamar, good morning. Hello. Hey, what's your thoughts brother? Doing good. I'm just chilling man. How you doing? Good, good, good. What you thinking, what's your thoughts Riding in the car, man. All the way from Detroit, Michigan, man. What are your, what's happening Brothers? What you think? I'm good man. Can't complains your boy Lamar man. All the way from Detroit, Michigan. We don't, we don't want Lamar. Lamar can't on. Why Yout take on Him. I can't take, I asked him six times. Give him a minute.


Give him a minute. People give you a minute. We know you slow. No, I'm not slow. Watch him out. Because there's lot of people out there that are slow that probably found that offended And You one of them saying that offended you guys this. Now They probably found that what? Nb they probably found that offensive. They probably, yeah, probably found out. They probably find idea. Probably find idea. Probably Find idea. Yeah. That's why we call East Slow right there. Hello? Who's this? Hey, this is Tyler from Atlanta, Georgia. Hey Tyler, this Tyler you Getty you feel real quick because Envys is froggy This morning. What's your opinion Tyler? My opinion is, I want to know where Jil got this idea that all those shows are Hood. Because from my understanding, family Matters was based outta Chicago, one of the hood places in America. So, But it was still a middle class family.


I mean so was Martin, that's right. Was an executive. Martin worked at a radio station. That's right. You know, living single between Latifah owned a magazine store or everything. You know. So Max Maxine was a lawyer. Maxine Shaw attorney at Law. Exactly. I'm exactly. So where did this hood mentality for the shows come from? I have no idea. Maybe he mixed those in and, and didn't mean to or something. Maybe he just meant like in general at that time. Okay. I don't know. It doesn't make sense. And now he couldn't have meant in that time, at that time it was Black Excellence. Yes. Every nineties person that comes up here, I asked them the same question. What happened was shift in Hollywood that there was a shift from that type of representation.


Right. And, and the way the characters, the way they were depicted to just the 2000 reality show Nothingness era. But You know, I was thinking, well maybe movies, but there was, there was a little bit of everything in the movie world during that time, right? 'cause you had Love and basketball, you had Minister Society, you had Boys in the Hood, but then you had, you had a little bit of both. But You also gotta remember movies like Menace Society and Boys in the Hood Juice. They served a purpose. They were showing us the consequences. She also had Brown Sugar of Street life. Yeah, brown Sugar. Brown Sugar was early 2000. Oh yeah. Hello. Who's this? Hello? Who's this? This Yogi. Hey Yogi, what's your thoughts? Happy Tuesday. Good morning Tuesday. Good morning. I think that J Little White been wearing the suspenders and them tight pants for a little bit too long because he's stripping Family Matters is definitely black.


Like, one thing I liked about you Vy is that little, that that little like, You know, them shows and all the, the little theme songs you be playing that represents Black game. Well y'all not supposed to be hearing those theme songs, but, all right. I mean like, but you show like how black we are and that's not a monolo, right? Like all the different shows and how black we are there, there's so many different things in that collective. That's right. Where you calling from? Oh, I'm, I'm a New Yorker, but I'm trapped in North Carolina. In North Carolina. What station were you on in North Carolina? Are are you Listen us on the iHeartRadio app. Oh, I Listen to you guys on iHeart because none of these radio stations we working to have y'all out There. Got you, got you, got you, got you, got you. Okay. Alright, well Thank you. But I mean, like, you're welcome. All righty man.


Now what, what's the, what's the, You not, you're not supposed to hear the TV theme song. Exactly. Go save during commercial. That's why you Hearing the TV theme song, you're not supposed to like we Anyway, but what's tomorrow? The moral of the story is Hood does not equate to black. Okay. And black definitely does not equate the hood. All right. Black people are not monolithic in any way, shape, or form. And that's why I love the nineties so much because if you, if you watched any show on the nineties, it made you want to do something with your life. Like I said, we always talk about Fresh Prince of LA and Martin and Living single Cosby show Different world. What about shows like Rock? Rock was a garbage man. You know, like the, the parenthood, the guy was a black English professor on Family matters. Carl Winslow was a cop.


Right. So, You know, I don, I don't know. All right, well we got just with the mess coming up. What we talking about Lauren? We do, speaking of Chris Rock. Chris Rock recently walked off stage during a comedy show and we gonna get into it reportedly. Alright. Will Smith was an audience. Shut Up. We'll get into it next. It's The Breakfast Club Morning. I would walk off too. The Breakfast club. Morning everybody. We are The Breakfast Club. Let's get to Jessica Moore. Just don't do no lying. Don't Nobody. Why Jess World on The Breakfast Club?


She's a Lauren. Lauren LaRosa. I'm back And I got the mess. Talk to me. You ain't Lolo. What did you say about my freshly pressed? First of all, you ain't low freshly cut Bob. She, what did you say about my you She act like I ain't see her grab that cup and pull that weapon out. I don't see what you Saw. Yeah, a weapon. Yep. Don't play with me or the Bobby. Okay. Dang the bobby minding this business and inherit. All right, All right, all right. Let's focus, let's focus. I trying to make it bounce. It has more athleticism. Alright y'all. Chris Rock. So Chris Rock walked off stage reportedly recently. So there was a, a journalist from the New York Post in the audience who was reporting that Chris Rock was performing a set at a billionaire's Christmas party.


The billionaire is Anthony Pratt. And this was a surprise. So it came out as a, as a surprise. He started during the set and then some way through the set he looks in the audience and he saw something that made him upset and he got upset. And he's like, he shouted that he wasn't supposed to be taped, videoed reported or what He was shouting something y'all basically, he was shouting that he wasn't supposed to be videotaped at the time. So after he shouted that he walked off stage and he didn't come back in, dunno who was videotaping him, but he was not happy about it. He's not wrong Right now. A lot of these reports are picking up. So that's If they told the people that was in there. It a a a private event. Aren't You supposed to do that though, in a pri They don't do that in like those small, they Should, they actually should take your phones, especially for comedians, the statue of Chris Rock because he's probably in there working on new material, practicing stuff.


Yeah. And he about to get $20 million for, from some streaming platform. 20 million is crazy. So it's like, yo, that's his bread and butter. Like no, I don't want you recording my material. And you get in trouble like that because people will record you while you working things out. Next thing You know, that clip's online and then it says depending what the content is. Yeah, man. Like no, don't play with. But here's the thing though, it's a, it's a Christmas party and it's a surprise. So how do you just take people's phones? That's That's I was saying it was a private event and he was a surprise. How do You know? How do you explain it? Unless they said no taping beforehand, before he got out. You know, something like that. Maybe. Possibly. But it was a surprise. Exactly. Chris Rock is a very cerebral person. If he, if he reacted like that, then that means that there was something in place where they weren't supposed to be recording. Correct. Got you. Now the, these reports have picked up of course. And his brother Tony Rock was going through the airport and ran into TMZ.


Let's take a listen. He Probably thought, 'cause my brother was performing at a shindig or something. I'm guessing it's some big wig in Australia. Yeah. Yeah. That since he was invited to, he was entitled to take gisette. Everybody that does that in a comedy club is a Right. We're working on material all the time. So if you record and you put it up before the joke is, it's like a chef giving you a plate of food before it's finished. That's right. You should wait for the finished product. Right, right, right. But that guy probably felt entitled 'cause he's a piece saying, I'm gonna applaud the set 'cause I'm at this party, I was invited and you are performing here. So of course they're always gonna separate the talent, especially when it's black and white. They're gonna think they're entitled to just do whatever they want to do because you're black and you're working there.


So yeah, we can just record You. That is the perfect analogy Tony used. It's like a chef giving you a plate of food and the food ain't finished yet. It's not, it's not properly cooked. Yeah. But sometimes if the, You know, the chef is good, you're so excited. You just wanna, it shouldn't, something's done. You just wanna taste it. If, If they made a statement don't tape, don't tape that. Don't play about that. No respect the art of comedy. Comedy is an art form. Respect it. That's why Dave Chappelle takes your phones when you go to his show, he will take your phones. He's not playing with you. Yeah. I don't understand why people don't understand that. Like, I enjoy being in the moment in a comedy show. 'cause there's so much going on too. Like they start making jokes by people in the audience. That's right. The lighting, whatever takes you get Thrown out one time for the understand. Yeah, we Don't, we, the reality is we don't respect the artist standup comedy no more. We don't respect the art of comedy period.


I don't think so. I don't think people do. I don't know about respect. I don I don't Even think y'all know what's funny. Who's y'all black? I don't like that. When you try We who's y'all? See, see what you about to say. Who is Y'all don't say y'all. 'cause how do You know what I you talking To millions of people. So y'all gonna apply to somebody You looked At me Because you in The room. Oh, because don't y'all me. I don't like it when I'm ya weak as B What? Huh? Nothing tell You. I would say with the ya'all over there, but it's not much over there. Continue on Lauren. Just ignore. I will just Ignore thank envy. I'm gonna talk directly to you. Thank you. Because I don't think that he even knows what's funny anyway. Envy Is definitely a y'all, there's y'all, there's a lot of y'all that apply to me. Don't y'all me. Y'all know what Identify as got. Exactly. Okay, so now Offset back in the hot seat again.


Or maybe not. Here y'all go. Y'all always putting offset. I was about to throw this pencil at you A pen. I don't know what it is about saying y'all. The black people don't do that to me. All right. So basically Offset, there was a video that went viral of him online. He was sitting in, well she was sitting, he was standing, he was talking to a model, a very famous model. Her name is Oke Yahi. Now she's sitting in the car, he's standing up and he turns around. There's a camera behind him. And when the video went viral, people are like, oh my God. Offsets with this new girl. He Yeah, But y'all ain't hear what he said. He turned around and said, look, we're praying. Please don't interrupt us. Yes. Can I get to y'all folks over there? Where did he say that? You've been real in The video. Y'all Said that He turned around.


He was like, I'm praying y'all are bothering us right now. Alright. Okay. Okay. Because y'all over there lying. That's not what happened. What Happened. So anyway, he turns around or whatever and people were saying that he looked a kind of like startled, like he didn't know the video was happening. Now Envy, I know that's your guy. This is the moment right here that the, the people going crazy. Can you please explain this? That's A prayer. A prayer. Not no damn prayer. He's not even like, they're not even touching and agreeing. You gotta touch the prayer. No. If it's a soulful prayer. No, I see that. And this is why I hate people. 'cause y'all be just making something outta nothing. Y'all What, what what, what is that then? He, he was Doing a video. It was a video shoot. It was just a video shoot. It was A video shoot that they were shooting downtown Brooklyn. And how Do You know this? Okay, Okay, okay.


Because I used my, cause they, they used my cause for the video shoot. Got, that's how I know it was a video shoot. Gotcha. And a young lady was a model. She was the lead model in the video. Got You. But it still seem like they praying before the video. Let's pray we have a good shoot. That's guy mad right there. Make Things up y'all. You gotta make Things up. Y'all love a guy Math don't y'all? But that is, It's not Guy Math, not Prayer Envy is telling you what it is. Video shoot. It's a Video shoot. Shoot. But not their prayer. I saw in this video you just, you just Lemme ask you a question though. Envy just told us a video shoot, but every time a man and a woman are out and about, it gotta be something Romantic. I don't think so. But because it's offset and You know, people like to throw, You know, different girls on him and stuff like that. I think anything with him and another woman always goes, 'cause there was a time that he was, he was standing next to the, the, the Latin pop star girl.


Remember that? And people were like, oh my God, he's dating her and he wasn't dating her either. She, they just happened to take a picture because ain went to invited them somewhere. But yes, y'all be lying. Let's, what's That? This is the video shoot. Envy has the photos behind the scenes. So we are debunking the, Well don't say that I'm not supposed to have the photos, but yes, this is why would why would you show? I was just showing you, but I'm just showing you truth. It it's a video shoot. Y'all on this side are idiots. Why would you show me that doing a live report if you, Did I tell you that Though? Did I just say you that for minutes ago? I said when you turned to look at him, what did I say? I said that's a lot of y'all over there. See Y'all. Y'all see? Okay, well, You know, hearing Here we have to go now Hearing it here first debunking that rumor offset is not dating her. That was a video shoot. Say the prayer to get him outta here. Amen. Y'all. Now, now y'all don't know the prayer.


You don't know how to pray. I don no prayer. They was doing okay. They was praying for a good video shoot. Dad. Well none of your calls got scratched. Please let's pray. Play please. Let's help none of envy cars get scratched because he loved to suit. Okay, so please let's pray that we don't damage none of his vehicles in the making of this video. It Was a video shoot and that is just with the mess with Lauren la So now let's get to the People's Choice mix. It's The Breakfast Club. Good morning. Morning everybody. It's DJ Envy. Jess, hilarious Charlamagne the guy. We are The Breakfast Club Long the Rosa filling in for Jess. And again, we gotta send a rest in peace to Nikki Giovanni this morning we replayed our interview from 2020. Man, such a beautiful, beautiful thing to be able to do to have that conversation with Nikki Giovanni back in 2000. Man, I I just love having conversations with the elders because eventually elders are gonna be our ancestors and you can learn so much from the elders.


So I remember back when they was like, yo, Nikki, Giovanni would like to, would to zoom in with y'all first of I was, I thought I was, that was a privilege and an honor that she wanted to even have a conversation with us and the, for her to spend that time with us. Man, that 40 minutes, I really appreciate it. So rest in peace to Nick Giovanni. Absolutely. All right, when we come back, we got the positive notice, The Breakfast Club. Good morning. Morning everybody. It's the EJ Envy Jess, hilarious Charlamagne ne guy. We are The Breakfast Club Juan LaRosa filling in for Jess and it's time to get up outta here. Yes, but I, I want to tell everybody, man, salute to everybody in Orangeburg, South Carolina. Everybody who listens to us on Hot 1 0 3 0.9 in South Carolina. Thank you. Yesterday was the grand opening of my Crystals franchise.


You know, me and my wife, we opened up some Crystals franchisees in South Carolina and the first one opened in Orangeburg yesterday, 1486 Chestnut Street in Orangeburg, South Carolina. It's lu to my guy Bubba Man. Bubba Sampson. He posted a video of of just the line that was out there. So thank you. It's open 24 7, right? So if South Carolina State University, Claflin University, You know, if you in Orangeburg and you looking for some late night eats that we serve breakfast all of that Monday through Sunday, 24 hours a day, seven days a week. And we're doing the grand opening on December 20th. December 20th. I'll be down there for the grand opening and the ribbon cutting. The ribbon cutting will be at 10:45 AM and we got some other surprises for that day.


So I'll see y'all on 1220 at Crystal in Orangeburg. Man, make sure y'all pull up 1486 Chestnut Street in Orangeburg, South Carolina. Alright, Well you got a positive Note. I do. The positive note is simply this man, some of our important choices have a timeline. If we delay a decision, the opportunity is gone forever. Sometimes our doubts keep us from making a choice that involves change, thus an opportunity may be missed. So don't miss your opportunity. Y'all have a great day Breakfast Club bitches. Y'all finished or y'all done.


The holidays are about spending time with your loved ones and creating magical memories that will last a lifetime. So whether it's family and friends you haven't seen in a while or those who you see all the time, share holiday magic this season with an ice cold Coca-Cola. Copyright 2024, the Coca-Cola Company.


Hey, it's Jenny Garth here. The talk around GLP ones is inescapable these days, but are you familiar with Future Health? They've made accessing qualified doctors who specialize in GLP ones easier than ever before. My friend has struggled with their weight for many years. It was always up and down. She tried fad diets, never saw lasting results. So she started using GLP ones and not only did the weight come off, but she also gained more energy to do all those activities that she loved the most. I'm all about feeling my best and living my life in a healthy way. It's incredible how science is able to help us achieve that healthy lifestyle that we are all striving for. Future health gives millions of people affordable access to knowledgeable providers who really know weight loss medications for less than $3 a day. Find out if weight loss meds are right for you in three minutes@tryfh.com. That's try fh.com. Try fh.com. Future health is not a healthcare service provider. Meds are prescribed at provider's discretion. Results may vary. Sponsored by Future Health.


What's it like to get the new iPhone 16 Pro with at and t? Next up, anytime. It's like when you first light up the grill and think of all the mouthwatering possibilities. Learn how to get the new iPhone 16 pro with Apple Intelligence on at and t and the latest iPhone everywhere with at t's. Next up, anytime at t connecting changes, everything. Apple Intelligence coming fall 2024. Which series and device language to set us English. Some features and languages will be coming over the next year. $0 offer may be not available on feature iPhones. Next up, anytime feature may be discontinued at any time. Subject to change additional fees, terms and restrictions, apply to att.com/iphone four detail.


Alright, we're all set for the party, I've trimmed the tree, hung the missile toe, and paired all those weird shaped knives and forks with the appropriate cheeses. And I plugged in the Artesian Artesian. It's a home cocktail maker that makes over 60 premium cocktails plus a whole lot of seasonal favorites too. I just got it for 50 off. So how about a politan or a missile toe? Margarita? I'm thirsty. Watch. I just pop in a capsule, choose my strength and wow, it's beginning to feel more seasonal in here already. If your holiday party doesn't have a bartender, then you become the bartender unless you've got a artesian. Because artesian crafts every cocktail perfectly in as little as 30 seconds. And I just got it for $50 off. Tis the season to be jolly. Or Add some holiday flavor to every celebration with a sleek, sophisticated home cocktail maker. Barian. Pick up your phone and shake it to get $50 off any cocktail maker. Yes, you heard me. Shake your phone and get $50 off.


Don't delay This holiday season. Skip the crew socks and ugly sweaters. Shop the Lenovo holiday sale and give the gamer on your list with the PC they really want. With deals is great. You may end up buying yourself one too. With new Intel Core I nine processors, they'll be able to go beyond performance and game without compromise. Gaming happens with Intel. Head to lenovo.com now.