
Where'd you get those shoes? Easy. They're from DSW because DSW has the exact right shoes for whatever you're into right now. You know like the sneakers that make office hours feel like happy hour. The boots that turn grocery aisles into runways and all the styles that show off the many sides of you from daydreamer to multitasker and everything in between, because you do it all in really great shoes. Find a shoe for every you at your DSW store or dsw.com.


Life is an act of constant reinvention that's true for you and for cause. Nissan reimagined the all new kicks around you. The Bowles Personal plus sound system with speakers in the headrest keeps you in the groove while the Nissan Safety Shield 360 technologies keep you safe. If Nissan reinvented the kicks, you can reinvent yourself. Drive the all new Reimagined Nissan kicks today. Available features compatible device service and consumer activation of Nissan Connect Services. Package required Use only when safe and legal subject to third party service availability For more information, see Nissan usa.com/connect/legal. Apple CarPlay is a trademark of Apple Link Intelligent all-Wheel Drive cannot prevent collisions or provide enhanced traction in all conditions. Always monitor traffic and weather conditions.


Everyone loves getting good advice and staying in the know. There's nothing like getting a heads up on something before you've even had time to think about whether you need or want it. Well, thankfully, at and t provides personalized recommendations and solutions so you get what's right for you. Whether right for you means a plan that's better suited for you and your family, or a product that makes sense for you and your lifestyle. So relax and let at and t provide proactive recommendations to help empower your best connected life.


Focus features presents piece by piece, a first of his kind Lego movie event. The story of revolutionary artists. Pharrell Williams. Turns up the volume on your imagination with a big screen experience like no other. Discover what it takes to build the greatest music ever assembled with a star stud lineup. Snoop Dogg, Kendrick Lamar, Gwen Stefani, Justin Timberlake, Jay-Z Busta Rhymes, dab punk, and more piece by piece rated pg directed by Morgan Deville opens October 11th and theaters everywhere. Get tickets at piece by piece film.com.


Hey, it's Meet Tyler Bow Open. Earbuds are stylish. The color the way it looks. It looks almost like a earring. You know. So I feel like it could go with anything. My style is very fun. I feel like I always look like I'm on holiday. I just really like playing around with it and tying it to the music. So yeah, I really feel like the music I'm making right now feels like a holiday, so I wanna look like it too. Check out boz.com for more Ej.


That's hilarious. And c The Breakfast Club. Thank The. Breakfast Club is where people get the information on the topics, on the artists and everything like that. You guys were nice. Everybody got me all nervous. Like you guys in, You're locked into the world's most dangerous woman show what? Dangerous at the Bronx If. you wanna break this flu? You ain't gonna bring it 120 minus when I come up to Jesus. This what y'all Grew up to. That's right. Get up out the beds and listen To the greatest show On Earth. Good morning. USC. Yo. Yo. Yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo.


Jess H is on maternity leave. Lauren Ross are filling in. Good morning, Lauren. Good morning y'all. Charlemagne the guy. Peace To the planet. Guess what day it is? Guess what day it is? Hump Day. Good morning. How y'all feeling out there? Good morning. Yes. I feel blessed Black and Holly favored. Another day to serve our beautiful listeners here at The Breakfast Club. How's everybody doing? How's everybody feeling? I feel great. The weather feel good. The weather dropped y'all. Yeah, it did. This is the weather I thought we was gonna have for homecoming. Really? Yes. Well, 60 degrees, 65. It was like 90 degrees at homecoming. It's called Fall happened this time of year. Homecoming. Long as I've been alive last week. Well, you stay fighting that eyelash when I tell you you and that eyelash day in a one-on-one fist fight. I mean, it's like why?


It's the same one too. That eyelash is your bully. Why? It's the same one too. I got What? I'm gonna have to switch here. I got glue on the end of it. So now it's not Looks crazy. It is not. Whoa. Why Does it fight with you every week? It's only when I'm running jump. It looks like it's doing the Star Trek side. You know the star Tre sign. Like that's what it looks like. It's doing the star re Sign. I'm about to just take him off and start fresh for a different set. There You go. There you go. Because once a week, I'm tired of seeing you fight that one eyelash. What's the right one? The left one jumping? It's the left one. It's the left one. The Left one. God left one whoop with her as, I mean, beating the hell out her every morning. My beat. Y'all Just be sitting here watching me Fight For my life. Like after how You have, Man, I had like four minutes to do this makeup this morning.


Well, congratulations. Well, Good morning to you. Congratulations. Alright, Well, this morning an artist by the name of October London will be joining us. October London is signed to Death Row. Snoop Dogg's Death Row. You know Snoop recently purchased Death Row and that's his first signing. So we're gonna be talking to October London. October's interesting. 'cause he sounds like a lot of different people. He put out a project called The Rebirth for Marvin. Yep. I I thought he was bugging when he put that out. 'cause I don't You know. You sounding like Marvin Gaye is one thing. Right. And then when you say things like the rebirth of Marvin, you put an unnecessary pressure on yourself, right? Heck yes. But he's got a new album out called October Nights that comes out this Friday. That's right. Very talented young man. Huh? He is. Yes. He Sam. He sounds amazing too. Yeah, we gonna be talking with him. He, I And I think his newest song.


He kind of sounds like all Kelly on the song. The one, the something I believe in Women or He's got a lot of things going on. Yeah, he got a lot of different sounds happening. He does. Yeah. So we'll be talking to him in a little bit. And then we got front page news with Morgan Wood. She'll be breaking down everything. Politics, everything that's going on with the Hurricane And I. I've never seen anything like Hurricane Milton, by the way. My God. Yeah. Yeah. We'll, we'll discuss when we come back. It's The, Breakfast, Club. Good morning. Morning everybody. It's DJ Envy. Jess. Hilarious. Charlamagne the guy We are The Breakfast. Club. Lauren, the Rosa filling in for Jess. And let's get in some front page news. Let's start off with some quick sports. Last night the Mets beat the Phillies seven to two. They lead the Series two one.


The Padres beat the Dodgers. They lead the Series two one of Yanks play tonight. Now also yesterday the Lynx beat the Sun. 88 to 77 wasn't Even a game. I watched it. Lynx was busting Connecticut Suns all game. Yes, they were. And the Jets fire the head coach Robert Alia is, that's how you spell Alia. Sala. Sala Sala If. you a Jet fan? I'm not a Jets Fire won. Is that a warranty firing race? I mean, he's lost a lot in the last two years, so I think, I think it's worthy of it. Okay. Yeah. But last year Aaron Rogers went down the first game. So you mean just kind of expected, don't you think They lost too much? You gotta go. Damn. Simple infl. Damn. All right. Good morning, Morgan.


Good Morning. Good morning. So first, before we get into the front page news of what one to correct myself. Yesterday I mentioned that North Carolina Governor Roy Cooper was a Republican. He is actually a Democrat, so I wanted to correct myself on that. Okay. But in on front page news, president Biden, top of the headlines, he's postponing his trip abroad this week to prepare for the response of Hurricane Milton. He was scheduled to go to Berlin tomorrow and then Angola for what has been a long time coming Africa trip for any sitting president. But he was going to return to the US on the 15th. Now here's what he had to say in regards to that trip. I just don't think I can be outta the country at this time. Yeah. So in a statement, white House Press Secretary Karine, Jean Pierre, she said the trip is being postponed due to the projected trajectory and the strength of Hurricane Milton, which remains a category five storm with winds of 160 miles per hour.


And it's expected to make land landfall along Florida's West Coast late today. Meanwhile, Fox's response and recovery acting director Keith Tory, he spoke the Fox News warning Florida residents to take this hurricane very seriously and to leave the area if it's not too late. Let's hear from Tori. Unfortunately, there are always folks that, that, that don't take those orders seriously. And and unfortunately in almost every one of these storms, we do see loss of life. It, it's important that yes, it can be inconvenient to leave your home, but you don't have to go hundreds of miles. You just have to go sometimes tens of miles away from the shore, away from those evacuation zones. Well, I'm, I've been, I've been talking to people in Florida the last couple 24 hours and they saying that they can't leave.


They said that You know that, that they're trying to evacuate, but then they're being told to go back to wherever it is they are in Florida. People can't fly out. Can't, What's The, you can't fly. You drive and you're stuck on highways. Yeah. So what's the real story Here and then What's some of the reasons why you're hearing why they can't fly? Is it resources? Is it monetary? All of the above. They were saying that the flights are booked, that they've been trying to get extra seats on these air, air aircraft and airlines to get people outta there. I know it's super duper expensive. I know Tampa may have said, If, you stay in an evacuation zone, you will die. She said, If, you stay, you will die in some areas. So I'm not even talking about people that's flying. I'm talking about people who said, trying to drive that the bridge, the bridge bridge can get, the bridges have been closed and they're not letting nobody off the bridges like things like that.


So, No. Well, they Shoulda closed that yet. Right. Sounds like playing politics. Which brings me to the next story. Florida Governor Ron DeSantis says, vice President Kamala Harris is playing politics after she made numerous attempts to contact him regarding the aftermath of Hurricane Helene. Let's hear from Florida Governor Ron DeSantis on BP Harris. My focus has not been on dealing with, with Kamala Harris. I did. I saw the news report. I didn't know she tried to contact me. But I'd also say it's not about you, Kamala, about the people of Florida. While all of a sudden is she trying to parachute in and inject herself when she's never shown any interest in the past. We know it's because of politics. We know it's because of her campaign.


I have zero time to entertain these political games. That makes zero sense what you just said. Isn't she Supposed to do that? Yes. Like why is a call from a sitting vice president considered a political game? Like what do you mean? Like, since when do we see elected officials, presidents, and vice presidents not visit places that that have been hit by natural disaster Absolutely. Are Not off, are not offer aid to places that are going to be hit by natural disaster. What is he talking about? Let's not forget the, some of the representatives who voted against that aid, by the way. So we talking about playing politics You know You know. I was gonna say, let's stop playing. But despite President Biden's praising DeSantis doing a great job, Harris did accuse DeSantis of being selfish and irresponsible for ignoring her phone calls on those resources.


And former president Donald Trump. Well, he's doubling down on his comments about FEMA resources going to immigrants, which is not true. During an interview on KFI Trump said, hurricane Helene victims aren't being taken care of because the Biden, because of the Biden administration's border policies. Yeah. Okay. So let's hear from Trump. Those people don't have any money and it's the worst response to a hurricane. They say in history worse than Katrina, which was pretty bad. They've taken that money billions of dollars and they've used it to allow people to come in and they're not taking care of the people in North Carolina and Georgia and all these other places. That's so Lie. So when asked why the Biden admin, it is a lie.


It is not true. So when asked the why the Biden administration would do that, Trump's response was they're doing it to put more people on voter rolls and trying to get them to vote. Which again, that's not true. FEMA has in fact released a statement saying that these claims are false and they do not help in the math. You know in the aftermath of this disaster for Hurricane Helene, and of course You know looking ahead at Hurricane Milton, they also went on to say that disaster funds are going to disaster relief efforts only. So why Are these politicians acting like people can't, like people, people might die in these situations. Why does meat might People will die. They will. Yeah. They Have like the bigger thing is, is like we should be focused on that. Like whatever it No, absolutely.


Right? Like why is it such a cat and mouse thing? I've never seen anything like Million or President. No, don't, mm, I've never no LaRosa for president. I've never seen anything like Newton. I mean, I was watching CNN last night and they were saying that if they could label this a category, six day wood, 200 mile per hour wind, that's crazy. Like this is different. All. Alright, well that's your front page news for 6:00 AM 7:00 AM We will catch up on the political spectrum and what's going on with the election and the race. All right, well get it off your chest. 805 8 5 1 0 5 1. If you're out in Florida, I would love to hear from you. If, you do have us on And I know they're saying people are gonna start losing power soon, but get it off your chest.


Call us up right now. You know I have a son in, in Miami and they're saying that Miami won't get hit that well. Some of his classmates were able to, to leave and head out of there. But because Miami is definitely under the tropical storm warning, right? Because Of the sports that he plays, they they, they're not allowed in. They're not allowing the sports students to leave. So he's there. So get it off your chest. We'd love to know. If, you are in Tampa, If, you are in Duval If. you are in Miami. If. you are in Florida. If you've been affected, let's discuss. 805 8 5 1 0 5 1. It's The. Breakfast Club. Good morning The. Breakfast Club. It's a new day. This is your time to get it off your chest wake. Wake up. Whether you're mad or blessed, it's Time to get, get up and get something.


Call up Now. Eight five eight five one five one. We wanna hear from you on The. Breakfast. Club. Hello, who's this? Good morning. This is Ashley. Ashley. Good, good morning. Where am I from? I'm calling from Val. Okay. How, how's it out there? Were you able to get out? Did you try to get out? Well, I don't feel like it's necessary to get out. However, I do see a lot of people evacuating on I 75 trying to get out. And, I just kind of wanted to speak on that. That was said that people aren't able to get out. I feel like that is an excuse. Yeah, the roads may be a little bit with traffic and it's a little bit harder to find gas, but you're able to get out if you're just being proactive and being positive about the situation, at least you're not in the, the, the storm.


Like get out, get on the road and just keep a positive mindset. Yeah, they're going to close the airports now because there's a whole storm about to hit over there. But there's other options that's instead of just making an excuse and You know, be proactive and, and, and get out a dodge. That was the other thing they were saying. They were saying a lot of people couldn't get gas so they couldn't drive out because the gas stations are are empty on on fuel. What About when they close bridges and stuff like that though? They, I mean, do, while we have a lot of bridges, so they will be closing it at certain points after like I think the speeds is like 40 miles per hour. They'll close it. But right now ain't none of these bridges closed over here. No, that's not, I burned down in Tampa is different because the situation is different in Tampa.


But I can't see them closing bridges yesterday when people were trying to get out yesterday. The storm wasn't here yet. So I just feel like there's a lot of like misinformation being passed around. Hmm. Well I can tell you what's not misinformation, the fact that Hurricane Milton is so strong that, that they said they could, they would label it a category six if they would and it's got 200 mile power winds. So get out the way of that If. you can Hey Mark. Oh Shoot. Sorry mama. Hello. Who's this? Hey, good morning. What's up? It's be, Hey, be good morning. Where you calling from? I'm Calling from Florida. I'm calling, I'm coming calling from, I'm in south Florida. I'm in Fort Lauderdale. Okay. And I'm a New Yorker. I'm a native New Yorker. So I'm like living down here. They talking about this hurricane, they going crazy but South Florida they're saying it's not hitting us.


So it's kind of calmed down here. You know they're in the supermarket, they're grabbing up stuff, but it is not like I'm watching a lot of videos online and on social media. And it's, they're projecting and they're showing all this pandemonium. But South Florida right now showing What city is South Florida. What is that? What's that close to? I'm in Fort Lauderdale. Fort Lauderdale, Miami area. Fort Lauderdale, Los Solis. Y'all under tropical storm warning. I I I saw that on the news last night. But my man Dre salute Dre, he runs all boards in Miami. He says, yes, y'all are under tropical storm like conditions between today and tomorrow. So y'all will get rain and wind. Rain and wind. Yeah. Yeah. Well That, that wind gonna be different. Is this your first storm being in Florida from New York?


No. So a couple weeks ago we just had Helene. Yep. Oh yeah. Yeah. And it was kind of the same thing where we just had a lot of like rains and wind and some flooding. Yeah. And they said expect some about South Florida is we get a lot of Flooding. Yeah. And they said and also expecting power out to just they they're expecting in south Florida. Right? Well I'm in up building that has a generator, so I'm hoping I don't get affected by that. Okay. But I did like buy food that doesn't require any electricity or anything like that to cook. So, But I, but I also want y'all to know Milton is not Helene. They literally said if they could label this a category six, they would. That's crazy. That's what I'm saying, like this is different. Okay. I don't, if I lived in Tampa, I would definitely evacuate.


Yeah. Because like the eye of the storm is like Right. Hitting right on it. So yeah. If you are in Tampa and like Central Florida, I would probably evacuate. Well B my son is down there. I'm gonna send him your way. 'cause without DoorDash or Uber et in trouble, he gonna be, he could hungry for a couple of days. Thank you BI Know. Well I hope he got, he likes sandwiches because that's all I got. He got sandwiches, he'd be good. Thank You. BI saw a meteorologist named Noah Bergen. I guess he's in Florida. He said that this is now the second strongest hurricane ever recorded by pressure on this side of The World. Come on man. Like this is different. Get It off your chest. 805 8 5 1 0 5 1 If. you need to vent.


Call us up right now. It's The Breakfast. Club. Good morning The. Breakfast Club. This is your time to get it off your chest. Keep calling 805 8 5 1 0 5 1. We wanna hear from you on The. Breakfast Club. Hello, who's this? Hey. Hey, this is tj, This Duke, Marilyn. Hey Marilyn. Good morning y'all. Good morning Marilyn. Where you calling from? I am calling from Hinesville, Georgia. Georgia. What's up mama? Get it off your Chest. Well, I'm calling because Okay. I just recently went through a Hurricane Lene and we're under a Trump storm warning for this next hurricane. But I was calling because in the earlier segment when y'all were talking about the bridges being shut down in Florida, I don't think it's about politics being from Miami, Florida going through hurricanes or Hurricane Andrew in 92, which is similar to this.


What I wanted to say is that once that water starts coming over the bridge, it's about a life issue. So it's not about politics, it's about saving lives then. That's right. So I just wanted to call and speak You know, I just wanted to call and speak on that. It's about saving the lives of the people that's trying to cross the bridge because that water so serious out There. That's right. That's why don't, I don't understand how anybody could politicize something like this because guess what, hurricane Milton don't care. If you democrat. Hurricane Milton. Don't care if you're Republican in Hurricane Milton. Don't care. If, you're black, white. They don't care what your sexual identity is. They Hurricane Milton. Don't care. Hello? Who's this? Yo man, this tone from Tampa, Man. Tone from Tampa. What's up brother? How, how is everything out there?


It It is little like rain right now. Heavy wind. But I'm gonna just keep it a buck, man. It this ain't where it's at, man. Yeah, Everybody, everybody. Yeah. I gonna say y'all right in the middle of it. The eye gonna hit the eyes hitting Tampa from what the, the map shows right now. Man, bro. My heart bro. And in my ass bro. I aint, I'm scared man. And then we still, we still recovering from Helene and it is like, bro, I'm, I want to get this off my chest bro. This government is planning our places, man. It don't matter if it's Republic or Democrat. They planning our faces, bro. You get Ukraines come over here, they get what they want. You get immigrants come over here, they get what they want and you got people being denied these FEMA applications that you talking about the other day.


Charlamagne people being denied bro. But you getting these migrants coming over here, $10,000 food stamps bro. Thousand man this hurting bro. We wea damn die bro. A lot of people couldn't afford to evacuate and it's government planning our faith man. Damn. I feel for you brother. I I totally understand my brother. Absolutely. It don't matter what they is, Democrat, republican, they all treason man. They all about money bro. None. These people care about American people bro. This hurting bro.


This hurt bro. People wake up every day just wanna live they life bro. And you got these Gs, man. You got these greedy call themselves government service people bro. And they don't give a damn bro. They don't give a damn about the mic coming over here. They using them too, man. It's right man. You absolutely right my brother. Come back man, You at at that some, I mean, did you hear what he said? He said he can't wait till God come back. He's absolutely a hundred percent right. Mm. Because at, at, at some point, I don't know who else can help. A lot of people other than the most high bro. We're praying for you brother. Hey y'all man, Try to stay as safe as possible Brother.


Yeah man. And If you in Tampa man. If you in Tampa. Listen y'all down the country. West Tampa, Apollo Beach gets to Davis Island, Clearwater. Man, y'all get out the way man. Get out the way. Go north, man. I don't care. If, you got go to a high school, elementary, whatever, man, get out the way please. All y'all be Blessed man. Yeah. Do what you can to stay safe brother. And, and, and You know when it's all said and done, we gonna see what we can do to, to help relief down there man. Absolutely. But I want people to hear absolutely exactly how people on the ground feel. Yeah, that Got me almost Cry. That's ev that's, that's everyday working class. That's how feel people on the ground. You can't lie to them. But That's how he feels. Y'all, that's what people have been saying for the long sounds like he's preparing to possibly not make it to His way.


That man don't want to hear about no statistics. He don't want to hear about no data. He don't want to hear about none of that. He is on the ground, 10 toes down. Real life experience. That's what politicians don't want you to see. That's the, those are the people politicians not talking to. Now those are the people that they need to talk to. And you see how he feels. He feel, he feels like, look, I live here, I work here. I I pay my taxes here and there is no Help. And he don't care about no Democrat. He don't care about no Republican. He don't care about no Trump. He don't care about no vice president of Kamala Harris. All he care about is surviving Him and his family who's Gonna help him survive. That's right. And that as of now nobody has Get it off your chest. 805 8 5 1 0 5 1. You got Morgan crying over there.


Everyone loves getting good advice and staying in the know. There's nothing like getting a heads up on something before you've even had time to think about whether you need or want it. Well, thankfully at and t provides personalized recommendations and solutions so you get what's right for you. Whether right for you means a plan that's better suited for you and your family, or a product that makes sense for you and your lifestyle. It feels good knowing that at and t has your back. They take out all the guesswork and the stress letting you get back to simply doing you. Whether you're a dedicated entrepreneur, a multihyphenate creative, a busy parent, or all of the above, you deserve a service provider that gets you and your needs. So relax and let at and t provide proactive recommendations to help empower your best connected life.


Focus features presents piece by piece, a first of his kind Lego movie event. The story of revolutionary artist Pharrell Williams. Turns up the volume on your imagination with a big screen experience like no other. Discover what it takes to build the greatest music ever assembled with a star stud lineup. Snoop Dogg, Kendrick Lamar, Gwen Stefani, Justin Timberlake, Jay-Z Busta Rhymes, dab punk and more piece by piece rated PG directed by Morgan Deville opens October 11th and theaters everywhere. Get tickets at piece by piece film.com


Moments like seeing my son's team cheer him on mean a lot to me. But after being diagnosed with metastatic breast cancer or NBC, which is breast cancer that is spread to other parts of the body, they mean even more. I take Ibrance Palbociclib Ibrance 125 milligram tablets with an aromatase inhibitor is for adults with HR positive HER two negative NBC as the first hormonal based therapy. Ask your doctor about Ibrance and visit ibrance.com. Ibrance may cause low white blood cell counts that may lead to serious infections. Ibrance may cause severe inflammation of the lungs. Both of these can lead to death. Tell your doctor right away. If you have new or worsening symptoms including trouble breathing, shortness of breath, cough or chest pain. Before taking Ibrance, tell your doctor If you have fever, chills, or other signs of infection. Liver or kidney problems are or plan to become pregnant or are breastfeeding. Common side effects include low red blood cell and low platelet counts. Infections, tiredness, nausea, sore mouth abnormalities in liver, blood tests, diarrhea, hair thinning or loss, vomiting, rash and loss of appetite.


What's up? It's me Don Toliver. If I could describe the whole ultra open earbuds, I think I would describe it as very seamless. It can definitely be something that you can style. It's like earing candy. Check out bows.com for more.


The summer is heating up. So the next time you pop open a Coca-Cola or Coke Zero sugar. Prepare for ice cold drops from Coke Studio. New music from your favorite artists and their latest hits with drops from new jeans. Carol G and Peggy Goo Plus live performances at the biggest festivals of the year. Grab taste that moves you. Scan your Coke, a Coke zero sugar 12 ounce can and unlock magic music moments all year long, no purchase necessary. 13 plus and 50 US DC and Canada. 18 plus for select prizes ends October 31st. Rules, eligibility and prize. availability@cokeqrl.com slash studio usa promo Corp 2024, the Coca-Cola Company.


Call us up right now. We got Jess with the mess with Lauren LaRosa coming up. We do. We gonna get into some things. Jay-Z's legal team sent some legal letters out to Pierce Morgan in the show that he has called on censored. So we gonna talk about how the internet has things kind of going crazy around all this Diddy stuff All we'll get to that. Next, it's The, Breakfast. Club. Good morning The. Breakfast Club. Morning everybody. It's DJ Envy. Just hilarious. Charlemagne the guy. We are The Breakfast. Club. Let's get to just with the Mess with Lauren. La Rosa News is real weather hilarious. Jessica Robin Moore. Just don't do no lying. Don't do she don't. Nobody Worldwide mess On The.


Breakfast Club. She's the coach with Lauren. Lauren LaRosa. aas And, I Got the mess. Talk, talk to me. So p Pierce Morgan has a show called Uncensored. And You know he brings on guests, he talks about topics. He's very painted. We all know Pierce Morgan. Yes. Big name in broadcasting. So he had a guest on his show and that guest made some claims against Jay-Z. And even he ended up having to apologize to Beyonce as well too. Let's take a listen to Pierce Mor Morgan's apology. Think about platforms. The relative of the modern world is that pretty much everyone has a platform as long as they have something to say that other people want to hear, that's why we advise her on to be interviewed. The people making these claims have an audience with or without shows like mine unexpectedly made several serious allegations about Jay-Z and Beyonce during their interview.


As I said in the moment, they were not present to respond or defend themselves, but now they have their lawyers contacted us to say that those claims were totally false and have no basis in fact. And we therefore comply with the legal request to cut them from the original interview. Editing interviews is not something we do lightly at a show called Uncensored, like the proverbial cries of fire in a crowded theater. There are legal limits on us too. And we apologize to Jay-Z and Beyonce. Now I wanna put out a couple things. So first of all, he says that these people that he has on his platform and this conversation was in relation to a lot of the like coverage that different outlets are doing on the Diddy accusations, right? Right. He says these people have platforms with or without shows like mine.


I will just say though, like I, I know now because anybody can get on TikTok, YouTube, wherever and have conversations and alleged things or whatever. And, I think people think throwing the word allegedly out there protects you from certain things. But just because someone has a platform, I think broadcasters in certain journalists and people are put, are put on certain shows and, and just platformed a little bit differently than these people who are just on YouTube or whatever for a reason. And there's a responsibility with That. Well, you gotta do your due diligence. Yeah. And this team should have did the due diligence. And a lot of times people do slip through the cracks. There's things that you don't see and don't find out until later on. But I mean, when people are making claims, like the way people are making claims, you have to do your due diligence to make sure that if you're having that person on your platform, which is a huge platform, that you're, you're putting out the proper incorrect news.


Well, well The problem is people don't understand platforms. And I'm putting platforms in parentheses like Quotations. You mean What? Yeah, you said parenthesis. Yeah, quotations. Parent. Yeah. Quota quotations. You, well you threw up Crisson. Not, I don't know. Weird. That was why we're, but anyway, you can't sue YouTube. You can't sue any of the, which is crazy. You can't sue any of the social media platforms. But when you get on an actual network, when you get on a TV station or the radio, when you get on a platform that is attached to a larger corporation, now that corporation is liable for the things that are being said on their platform. Right? And now it makes sense for your lawyer to intervene and potentially sue because there is something to gain.


Right? There's nothing to gain from suing Joe Blow on YouTube that's just running his mouth. True You Know what I mean? And that, and that's what most people don't understand. A lot of these people that, that do these claims and do these accusations and do these things on that platform, don't have anything. It'll cost you more money to sue them. Absolutely. Than they actually own. Now it might look like they have this and have that, but most of that stuff is all false. They don't own half the stuff that they say. They don't have cars, they don't have bank accounts, they don't have homes. So half the time it don't make any sense suing those people. Well let me tell you who got the money to see if they like, even if it don't make sense a Jay-Z and a Beyonce, those are like, I think that's another thing too is like you gotta understand that there's levels to this.


Like who you're dealing with. Like, and people will defend their names because that is their business. That is how they make their money. But think about how much stuff Jay-Z and Beyonce ignore. Right? The reason, the reason they didn't ignore it this time is because of the platform platform on was on hundred percent. It was said on a platform that they can actually sue a platform that is actually I agree. Liable. Yep. And I. See people say things all the time like, well if the person is lying, why don't they get sued? Because suing a broy costs you money. Yes. Suing somebody who don't have anything to lose is a waste of your time and Resources and your money. That's big. And your time. I'm just saying Don't, it's a trend. Don't matter unless you just You know whatever man. Well, speaking of platforms, Ray J just created a new platform.


It's called the Reality Check with the, or new show called the Reality Check with Ray J. And he wanted to have a conversation just about a lot of the jokes and the different claims that are out there right now around the Diddy conversation. Let's take a listen to Ray J. Let's get into the Diddy situation. Nobody knows what to do, nobody's saying nothing. I know I did the first interview on News Nation and now I see a whole lot of interviews coming after. Are you guys waiting for somebody to like be the front runner to speak out and to say what they feel? Because I'm not scared. Are there really tapes? Are a lot of people being implemented into this crazy criminal investigation that's going on right now? How many people are in it? How many celebrities are involved in what they're saying?


Do you forgive somebody for taking somebody's ass? What? There's a lot of people out here taking from people. They're getting robbed of their womanhood and manhood asses are being taken in ways that nobody can explain because I see a lot of jokes out there right now talking about baby oil. Is that okay? Is that the message? Ha ha ha. That was funny fam. Now what? I don't use baby oil. Drop a clue box for aj. Why? He did talk about how, I guess he, he needed to fact, fact check that he said Lube does work. Ray J is crazy. Yeah, I think but though he was trying to have a bigger conversation even though he's funny. Yeah. When I listened to the full, he, the bigger conversation he was trying to have Ashley being taken.


He, he just basically was saying, I know Charlamagne, you said this before too. Like there should be not about the the, not that you looked at him crazy when I said that. That there should be people in place that as people are coming up, you get money, you get power. There should be like mentors, somebody that's gonna wrap their arm around you. Like you Talking about friends, real friends. Even If, you say sit your stupid ass People that are letting You know don't hire Male sex workers, all that. Hey, don't be recording your free offs. Hey, maybe y'all shouldn't be doing so much drugs. Like what Friends? How many of us have them? It's basically what his con, his larger conversation was outside of You know baby oil and debunking that lube don't Work. Yeah, but it's, it's hard for people to say that when You know. I thought Ray J was was Diddy's friend at one time.


I thought they were hanging out with each other. They they wanted to jet with each other. So He mentions that he, he, he never said he was one of the friends. He said he never said Diddy wasn't his friend in this. Okay. He said Diddy was Diddy my friend was like, he kind of makes it a point to say they may still be friends. Right? He's going to tell the truth about what was going on or just how he felt about what was going on. Can Can we go back to something we was talking about earlier though? Because I just think this is a very important point. Lube? No. Oh. Talk about the people that be running their mouth on social media and stuff. Correct. A lot of these people talking crazy just aren't worth suing. And. I just wanna stress that suing a multimillion dollar corporation makes sense for a multimillionaire suing some random on a YouTube page does not. But trust and believe those folks can and will get sued too.


So you really have to watch yourself on these platforms unless you got money for a lawyer. Unless you got money and assets to give up when you lose these lawsuits because you will. Yeah. And, I just wanna stress to everybody, there is no such thing as free speech. That is the biggest crock malarkey that this country has ever told us. There is no such thing as free speech. There is a cost to every word that comes out of your mouth. Are you willing to pay the price? Go Off Uncle Charla? I'm just saying Facts. Are you willing to pay the price? I agree. And by the way, What are you saying is the complete absolute truth? Like you said, there's people out there and, and don't follow the trend where I'm just gonna talk about people. I'm gonna get my page lit and I'm gonna make all this money because like you said, There's no such thing as free speech.


There's No such thing as free speech. There's a speech cost to every word that comes outta your mouth. Sometimes that cost is a punch in the face. Sometimes that cost is a lawsuit period. But there's always consequences to the words that come outta your mouth. Correct. Period. What? So what about I is just energy? What about what you be seeing up here to me? 'cause people don't like that. They been what you mean? All the the hate and the shade. The big trees. You Been growing. I never hate on you You know that's not true. The People, listen, Listen. You know that's not true. He talked about your eyelashes. True. He said I'll be in a fight media. He, he wanted to. No, I'm listening to what? I hear my headphones every single day. You told to tell me that left eyelash don't be kicking your ass every week, every morning. Are you mad at me? 'cause I said, so What I, this set is different. This set is different. I'm over fight. I'm now I'm good now I wanna fight. Or no, my cousins came off the porch.


You got another one. That's what that was. You put that other eyelash away, you bought Another one. Listen, we gonna come back in the next hour. Did you win And? I did one. Don't play with me. I got he. We gonna come back in this next hour, we gonna talk a little bit more about when people allege things and what happens because there's some, there's some updates more directly in the Diddy actual legal case. Okay? So we gonna get into that as well too. All right, we'll get to that. Next Morgan will be joining us in front page news is The Breakfast. Club. Good morning The. Breakfast Club your mornings zone. Never be the same. Good Morning everybody. It's DJ Envy. Just hilarious. Charlemagne the guy. We are The Breakfast Club. Lauren LaRosa filling in for Jess. Let's get in some front page news now, some quick sports. The Mets beat the Phillies last night. Seven two.


They lead the series two to one and the Padres beat the Dodgers. They lead the series two to one as well. The Lynx beat the sun in WNBA basketball and the jets fired their head coach. Good morning, I'm Morgan. Good Morning. Good morning. So yeah, the sprint towards election day. It continues. And Vice president Kamala Harris, she recently made an appearance y on ABC's the View where she criticized former president Donald Trump's focus. Let's hear those comments from VP Harris on the view. Donald Trump prefers to run on problems and said fixing problems. He's not solution oriented. And again, I will invite people. If, you really need to know how he thinks since he doesn't do these kinds of interviews. Watch his rallies.


What he does not talk about is you, he does not talk about what you need. He does not talk about what your parents need, what your children's need. That's not what he talks about. He doesn't talk about your child's needs. He talks about his needs. So she has been on what is being called a media blitz. She recently also sat down with the Howard Stern Show and the Late Show with Stephen Colbert. Her running mate, Tim Walls is scheduled to appear on campaign events in Seattle, Washington, Sacramento, California, and Reno Nevada. Meanwhile, former President Trump, he will take part in a virtual town hall on healthcare while his running mate, JD Vance will give remarks in Detroit.


Meanwhile, yeah, so former President Trump, he says Vice President Harris destroyed California when she was the state's attorney general Republican presidential nominee made the, the Republican presidential nominee made the comments during an interview on KFI radio after being asked about California's proposition 47, which 10 years ago reclassified some felonies to misdemeanors including retail theft. Here's what Trump had to say. How about where the kids are walking into stores with a calculator? Yes. So they can calculate how much they're gonna steal. This is, and this was all done by Kamala. She's so bad if You know she destroyed your state. So prop 47 reduced thefts of property valued at $950 from a felony to a misdemeanor.


And of course following a surge in retail crime, there's been a measure on the cal, there is a measure on the California ballot that would reverse much of prop proposition 47. Yeah, I like, I like the press blitz that the vice president has been on. You know from caller daddy to the View to Howard Stern, the 60 Minutes, the Coba Show. I thought You know all the conversations was solid. I saw people saying, how could she be doing You know all these interviews with You know everything that's going on in America. All of these hurricanes hitting and You know the border being what it is. But the reality is she's running for president. Yeah, like what you want. Like she's still running for president. She's not the actual president, she's the vice president right now trying to be the president. She's still has to campaign in the midst of all of this.


Yeah, Absolutely. It doesn't seem like she's lacking in terms of multitasking as well. You know making those calls to Governor Ron DeSantis. But I won't get too much into that. With election day four weeks away, voters are starting to solidify their candidates now. Some New Yorkers are talking about their concerns and many have not decided on who to vote for. Let's hear from some New Yorkers about what's going on in this upcoming election That Trump gets defeated and gets imprisoned. The border Prices going up, car fans going up, minimum wage are still staying the same that we we Losing jobs, cost of living, gas prices, food price and rent. We can't afford the rent anymore. So how are we gonna survive here? It's Like a 50 50 to be honest. They're liars.


That's why it's like they say whatever they want just to get into the office and then when they get in office, there's nothing to show roof. Well now I'm not deciding yet. Maybe later, I dunno, I wish there was a third political party that was a little bit more of a middle ground. Mm. Yeah. So this comes as a New York Times CI poll has been released. Vice President Kamala Harris is narrowly leading former president Donald Trump by 49% to 46%. It's the first time Harris has been ahead of Trump since July when President Biden pulled first pulled out the race. Now the poll shows respondents are more likely to associate Harris with change and compassion for people, especially 54% of younger voters. However, more voters have confidence in Trump to take care of the economy, which is the top area of concern with issues of abortion and immigration taking a distant second place.


What are you guys thoughts on that? What her being up Well, just the whole thing that You know how New Yorkers are feeling. I mean, you guys are in New York, so You know. What do you make of what it, some of the commentary. I think the Whole world feels like that. I I don't think it's just New York. I think a majority of The World feels that way. It You know, other than the gas prices where I've seen drop like crazy in the last couple of weeks. But everything that they're saying is right. Rent is high. I mean, food, paying for food is high. I mean, the cost of living is high. A lot of people are still making the same amount of money. That's why people are striking and the people are going through it. The amount of cars and, and houses being repoed and foreclosed on or, or at one of the highest rates it's ever been. So yeah, it, it's tough. Yeah, all those things are true. But New York's not a battleground state. So to be honest with you, they don't care.


Honest, crazy Trump, Trump ordered Republicans or Democrats, they don't care what you New York is talking about. Y'all not a battleground state. They don't care. And that sounds Crazy, but It's the truth. If the reality, they don't give a damn what y'all talking about. Y'all care about Mayor Adams? Well, let's talk about him real quick. New York City Mayor Adams sale, he says he will continue to carry on with his mayoral duties and run for reelection despite more resignations in his administration. And a former official Muhammad Bahi announced, charged alongside with him. Let's hear from Mayor Adams. I am going to serve my turn and run for reelection. When people leave Government of You know you, we want to have the perception of that everyone is fleeing.


No, we have 300,000 employees. I will never instruct anyone to do anything illegal or improper. Yeah. So of course that comes as he is facing federal charges in regards to bribery and other things. Yeah. So we'll continue to see what's going on with the a Adams administration. Of course You know his deputy mayor Sheena Wright. She resigned and as mentioned previously, Moham Bahi, he resigned. And then of course there's a, a number of other people in his administration who has resigned as well or stepped down. So yeah, I don't know what you guys think. Just continue to watch. I think that he should stay 10 toes down and it's gonna be interesting to see how long they allow him to stay.


10 toes down. Yeah. It's gonna be interesting to see if somebody like the governor Kathy Holle duck, Kathy Hol can remove him if she want. She couldn't move him. One of his peoples was arrested I think yesterday. So I mean he can be removed. He's saying that regardless of what whoever did around him, he said he had no idea. But I mean he's Santos down. As Long as Trump is running then I think Eric Adams should be allowed to stay. Mayor of New York City and tell you gotta show me a different precedent. Don't try to set precedent with somebody like Mayor Adam You. know what I mean? Set precedent with the highest seat in the land. Alright then on that note, that's your front page news. I'm Morgan Wood, follow me on social at Morgan Media. And for more news coverage, follow at Black Information Network. Download the free iHeart radio app and visit BN news.com.


Talk to y'all later. Alright, when we come back October, London will be joining us. Now October London is the first artist that Snoop Dogg signed on death row. When he acquired Death Row recently. He purchased Death Row a couple of years ago. And this is the first artist he said r and b artist. And we're gonna talk to him next. So don't go anywhere's The. Breakfast Club. Good morning The Breakfast Club. Morning everybody. It's DJ Envy. Jess. Hilarious. Charlamagne the guy. We are The Breakfast. Club. Jess is on maternity leave. So Lauren Lar is filling in and we got our niece with us today. Nyla, Big Nyla. All right. And we got a special guest in the building. We have October London. Welcome brother. What's up? What's up? Good morning sir. Good morning. How you, how you feeling?


I feel good. I feel good Man. Now, now you're signed to Death Row. Yeah. With Snoop. Yeah. Now talk about how you got the deal and and how he heard you and how that all came together for people that don't know. Yeah, yeah, yeah. So I was actually on my way to graduating truck driving school. Trucking school You trucking school? Yeah. Yeah. Just CDLI. No, I quit right before I Did it. Times though was Yeah, I was about to, I just don't like how they drive. Yeah. Yeah. It's a lot to it. But I, I was about to, I didn't, I didn't do it because I end up linking up with Jazzy Faye. And I end up linking up with him through a friend of a friend. And I got his number. And I text him like, yo, I got these records, You know, blah blah blah blah. But I was sending them records. They were rap records. They were records for Future.


They were records for all these other artists You were producing. Yeah, yeah. I was producing You know And I was writing 'em also also Hook. Oh yeah, yeah. Putting hooks on 'em. And I happened to just kind of sneak in one of my songs that I did called Colorblind that had that kind of Marvin Lane. And I sent it to. I just waited and he hit me back and was like, yo, you got some, you got some heat. You know, I'm thinking it with somebody like really important legend in the game. I might play it for him. I was like, oh, awesome. Fast forward, he hit me up and he was like, yo, you remember I told you I was gonna play your records for someone? I was like, yeah. He was like, I'm gonna have him call you or we're gonna call you together. And the night before the Super Bowl, he hit me up and was like, yo, I got that person online. Hold on just a second. And he was with him and he was like, yo, it's the big homie Snoop Dogg, man, I'm a big fan.


I was like, oh, How did you Feel? Honestly. I was like, this is, this has gotta be a joke. I was like, yeah, You know at that point. I'm like, nah, this can't be real. And yeah, it was, it was real. And he was like, yo, I'm gonna fly you out. You know I got there March 16th, 2016 and that was a wrap. That's when I met him. How did your family feel about you being like, oh, okay, I was this close, but I'm gonna just go over here and do this thing. 'cause they'd been riding the waves with You, right? Yeah, yeah. They've been riding the waves with me for a long time. But they've been really supportive. Family, friends, everybody's been supportive. I don't know how many times I've called my boy Jamie, but They in the business though. Your mom's a singer. Your dad's A My dad was, my dad was in the business. Yeah. My dad was in, in the business. He toured and You know, toured with Earth Wind and Fire and all that kind. Probably opening up for him, something like that. But it, it never really reached this level.


So he's ecstatic. Now, you, you signed a death row. Was, were you nervous to sign a death row? 'cause this was the relaunch of death row. Yeah. I'm sure people were assuming the first one was gonna be a rapper, right? A hardcore rapper. Yeah. But it was, it was you, was you nervous at all? Absolutely. Yeah. I, I just knew I was in the room when he was finishing the call like, deal's done. Okay, cool. I was like, bad. Oh, this is gonna be dope for you man. You know you gonna find some dope rapper outta LA or somewhere like that. And he was like, no, no, no, you're gonna be the flagship for death row. I was like, ah, Jesus Christ. I better learn how to Crip Wall. Yeah. Like I really, You know I'm working on it, but I'm just like, man, I don't know if that's gonna work out, but it's Snoop, you kind of roll with that. And it worked out. And I was like, okay, Isn't any death row like legacy, like Dr.


Dre or Suge, like commented on your work? Yeah, Dr. Dre has for sure. Yeah, yeah, yeah. I've been in the studio with Dr. Dre several times. I'm actually on


focus Features presents piece by piece, a first of its kind Lego movie event. The story of revolutionary artist Pharrell Williams. Turns up the volume on your imagination with a big screen experience like no other. Discover what it takes to build the greatest music ever assembled with a star stud lineup, Snoop Dogg, Kendrick Lamar, Gwen Stefani, Justin Timberlake, Jay-Z. Busta Rhymes, DAF Punk, and more piece by piece, rated pg directed by Morgan Deville. Opens October 11th and theaters everywhere. Get tickets at piece by piece. film.com.


Moments like seeing my son's team, cheer 'em on mean a lot to me. But after being diagnosed with metastatic breast cancer or NBC, which is breast cancer, that is spread to other parts of the body, they mean even more. I take Ibrance Palbociclib. Ibrance 125 milligram tablets with an aromatase inhibitor is for adults with HR positive HER two negative NBC as the first hormonal based therapy. Ask your doctor about Ibrance and visit ibrance.com. Ibrance may cause low white blood cell counts that may lead to serious infections. Ibrance may cause severe inflammation of the lungs. Both of these can lead to death. Tell your doctor right away. If. you have new or worsening symptoms, including trouble breathing, shortness of breath, cough or chest pain. Before taking Ibrance, tell your doctor If you have fever, chills, or other signs of infection. Liver or kidney problems are or plan to become pregnant or are breastfeeding. Common side effects include low red blood cell and low platelet counts. Infections, tiredness, nausea, sore mouth abnormalities in liver, blood tests, diarrhea, hair thinning or loss, vomiting, rash and loss of appetite.


Hey, it's me, Tyler Bose. Open Airbus, or Stylish, the color. It looks almost like a earring. I feel like it could go with anything. The music I'm making right now feels like a holiday. I wanna look like it too. Eh, check out boz.com for more.


Everyone loves getting good advice and staying in the know. There's nothing like getting a heads up on something before you've even had time to think about whether or not you need or want it. Well, thankfully, at and t provides personalized recommendations and solutions so you get what's right for you. Whether right for you means a plan that's better suited for you and your family, or a product that makes sense for you and your lifestyle. It feels good knowing that at and t has your back. They take out all the guesswork and the stress letting you get back to simply doing you. Whether you're a dedicated entrepreneur, multihyphenate creative, a busy parent, or all of the above, you deserve a service provider that gets you and your needs. So relax and let at t provide proactive recommendations to help empower your best connected life.


The summer's heating up. So the next time you pop open a Coca-Cola or Coke Zero Sugar. Prepare for ice cold drops from Coke Studio. New music from your favorite artists and their latest hits with drops from new jeans. Carol G and Peggy Goo Plus live performances at the biggest festivals of the year. Grab taste that moves you. Scan your Coke or Coke, zero sugar 12 ounce can and unlock magic music moments all year long, no purchase necessary. 13 plus in 50 US DC and Canada. 18 plus for select prizes ends October 31st. Rules, eligibility and prize. availability@coqrl.com slash Studio usa. Promo Corp Wright 2024, the Coca-Cola Company.


The new Dre and Snoop album that's coming out this year. Missionary, yeah. Missionary crazy title. I love it. I love it. So I've, I've been able to hear that whole album in full. And that album sounds incredible, by the way. So shout out to Dre Snoop. It's on that level. Is it because, because You know, it's a lot of expectation. Dre and Snoop, they saying it's the follow up, the doggy styles. A lot of expectations. It's, it's amazing. It it meets the mark. It it, yeah, it hits the mark. Definitely. So You know Dre. Dre definitely loves my music. I've played him other stuff too. But he, he really loves, and even that track that I'm on is very Marvin Gaye esque. 'cause he You know he loves Marvin. When you put Out the rebirth of Marvin, I thought you was buggy. I know. I saw it. I saw It because I felt like you was putting too much pressure on yourself. Because when you compare yourself the mythical, iconic ghost like Marvin, that's an impossible bar to reach.


I know. What was your mindset? I know when you put that up. I didn't, that album was not supposed to come out. I, I wasn't trying to be Marvin. I'm not trying to fill his shoes. I'm not trying to do any of that. That is not what I was trying to do. Like I said, I, I'm multi genre artist. I just go off of vibes. So if I'm feeling, oh, today I'm gonna do pop today, then I'm gonna go in the studio, probably knock out a whole pop album real quick. And then I'm gonna go ahead and set it aside. 'cause that's what I'm feeling. So I go off of feeling You know feeling the music and what I'm You know what I'm feeling at that time. So I was in the studio, and if you've been to Snoop's Compound, he plays music 24 hours a day, seven days a week through the hallways. And at that time, I was in the studio just going through stuff and trying to figure out what track I was gonna do next. And Marvin played like three, four times.


So then instantly in my head, I'm already in that zone. So I was like, okay, cool. Then Snoop sent over a track. And I was like, oh, this is dope. And then I started doing it. And I was like, oh, it sounds a little bit Marvin, but I'm just gonna keep doing it. Whatever. Liked it so much that I was like, oh, I'm gonna do another track. And then Snoop came in and was like, yo, this is really dope. Let me know when you You know, finish with it. 'cause he knows I like to work in, like, I like to work in spurts so I don't do just one track and go to the next. Like, I'm like, well, if I'm, I've done two, I might as well do eight more and make it a album. And. I, just put it up. I bunch of records just put up, I finished the record in like a week Rebirth. And Marvin was done in a week. I pretty much freestyled the whole thing as far as Freestyle And I know it's different, but it's like going up to the mic and just kind of saying what I feel.


Did that, like back to Your Place was done in an hour? Ma Holand Drive was done the hour. Both of those went number one. Wow. So that's how I do all of my music. So I put it away. I was like, all right. That was fun. I was in that Marvin Lane Gray, let me put it aside. Now let me get on this Bryce and Tiller Lane real quick. 'cause that's what I wanted to put out. That's what I thought dog wanted me to do. And that's not what happened. Dog came in and was like, what you doing? I'm like, oh, I'm just putting it up. I'm gonna start on this. He was like, no, no, no, no, no, no, no. We're putting this out. And I was like, no, nobody want to hear old school right now. He is like, trust me, this is, the lane is open. Nobody's doing it right now. Let's just do it. All right, cool. But it sounds a little bit like Marvin. He is like, no, don't worry about that. I'm like, you gonna chew my ass up? Some people did have things to say, but a lot of people loved the music. Yeah. Because it sounds good.


But I know that Ola Gay, who's Marvin Gaye's sister, she had made some comments that she liked the music, but she did say that she was just confused why you would wanna sound like another person and not do original songs. Like what do you get out of it? Yeah. Did you get to have a conversation with her or any of his family Or, yeah, I did You know She was, seemed like she was mad as hell at me. Which I knew that was gonna happen. Yeah. I was like, You know. And Dog wanted to name it Rebirth of Marvin. I did not. I was like, let's just call it The Rebirth. I tried to push towards that, but You know I'm, I'm following You know at this point. I'm like, okay, alright. You know Dog has a plan. I'm just gonna go with it. He's been right this whole time. Yeah. I've been with him for a long time. I know him. Let's just do that. And we called it Rebirth to Marvin. 'cause that's what he wanted to Tyler.


And then, yeah, she was not happy about that. 'cause she was like, yeah, you can sing. That's great, but you, you sound like my brother a little bit. And it's freaking me out. And I was like, that's cool. I, I just wish she, at that point, she didn't go You know on Wax and say all social stuff. Yeah, yeah. And just, I wish she just would've called me or called Dog or somebody like that because then people got on her that love my music, that love Back to Your Place. So then they attacked her and I'm like, we have to stop this. But then You know, we ended up getting on a call together, me and a few of the other family members. And they were like, we completely support you. We understand now that you're not trying to be Marvin. You don't even wanna fill his shoes or anything like that. You were just in a vibe. And. I was like, that's what I've been trying to tell everyone.


Like, that's not me. I was just feeling something. All right. We got more with October London. When we come back. Kiva Lock. It's The. Breakfast, Club. Good morning. Morning everybody. It's DJ Envy Jess. Hilarious. Charlamagne the guy. We are The Breakfast. Club. Lauren LaRosa is filling in for Jess and our niece Nala is with us this morning. Now we're kicking with October London. He is the first artist signed to Death row after Snoop acquired it. Now, for people that haven't heard of you before listening, some people might think that you are a mimicking artist, right? Because you just said I was in a Marvin zone and then I was in a Bryon zone B. Yeah, yeah, yeah. So even on the new album, it's like old, sounds like old r Kelly Kelly. A public announcement. So who is October London and where, where does the sound come from? Because when I, when I first heard, I thought it was like, well that's his voice.


He can't change his voice. Right. It sounds like Marvin, he sounds like Marvin You know what, but who is October London then? Yeah, October London is, okay. So this new album, October nights, it's more of a transitional album. It's getting out of that lane. I'm finally being like, okay guys, let's get away from this. When it's, when you start the album, you have Touch on Me and all those records like that. And then, yeah, like you said, R Kelly's been You know my Top Number One artist. 'cause I mean the writing style, I mean, come on, it's, it's Kels. Then once you get towards the end of the album where you have a big record called Time, that's me You. know what I'm saying? Like those records, that's me. Like enjoying myself. And then the third album, obviously when I, whenever I do that, then you're gonna get all of me. But right now it's just kind of showing people that I can do these waves, And I, know that we're missing this sound.


I'm not necessarily taken from everybody. I just have been listened to everybody so much. Like S and Ronald Isy and all that. I just take just a little bit, put it here. But I don't really take from them. I'm just taking that vibe to give you that vibe. Give you that love and that pain and that that You know what you feel. What we've been feeling for years. So Though this is a transition project, I still feel like sonically production kind of sounds cohesive. Do you have like a built in team that you work with? Or did you decide to work with new people for this project? Yeah, I mean, usually, and Snoop will tell you, usually I do everything myself. Like I, I write, I produce, I mix, I master, I engineer myself because I'm like, I gotta get it done right now.


Like if I feel something I need to get it done right. I don't wanna sit here and be like, oh hey engineer, what's up? Oh, I can be there at four o'clock. No, no, no, no. I gotta feel this now. So I learned to do all this stuff on my own. So I do, on this album, on October nights, I teamed up with producers like Jeff Giddy Poo Bear. I got with Babyface You know, obviously Snoop Executive produced the album as well. And I got with my, my homie Superfly also. Everybody knows Superfly Legend. So yeah, legend in the game. So he came through, put his spin on it as well. And it came out really, it came out really well because we had kind of went through a thing where I submitted like this album. We were like, alright, let's change this. Let's put horns here. Let's do this. And it just turned out so beautiful.


I love it. I would love to know what the Babyface sessions were like. 'cause I know Babyface, he didn't want you to come in on nothing except for you. I'm sure. So what, what was that energy like? It was good energy, man. We pulled up. He was just ready to get down to business. Like immediately. There was no, oh, let's kick it and chill. Let's eat, let's have a little breakfast and all. He was just like, alright, you ready? I'm like, yeah, let's go in there. And we did the session. We knocked it out. It didn't even take all day really. He went to writing it. I just let him do his thing because You know you're in front of a legend. I'm not trying to be like, well, I'll do this and that. I'm not about to do it. I'm about to sit here and what you need me to do. Give You a lot of coaching. Like, Yeah, I mean he, yeah, he did Man in the lab. We actually, yeah, it was a lot. I'm not going, okay, I can't, I can't hold you.


It was a lot. And he knows it was a lot. 'cause I was like, oh, it was funny. 'cause we were doing the takes. He was like, oh, okay, let's do this first take of this And I do the line. He's like, all right, let's do it again. And, I do the line. And I'm like, okay, that second one was perfect. We're good. That's what I want to say. All right, we're good. Let's go. Let's go to the next line. He's like, no, let's do it again and again. I'm like, okay, all right. Okay, cool. All right, we'll do it. And he is like, all right, cool. Now you ready to really do it And. I'm like, I thought we were just doing it. I thought that was it. He was like, oh no, I wasn't recording at all. I was just making sure you were on, on top of it. That's How the classes get made though. I'm like, okay, cool. So see, and that's, I'm not used to that. I'm used to, like I said, back to your place, one take, boom. The first line, it was just boom, boom, boom. I'd just make it quickly. And even when I told him that, he was like, yeah, no.


Impossible. Like, no, that's how I do my records. So he was like, oh. So I'm really at this point, putting you through it. I was like, yeah. But it's cool, man. It's all good. I'm, I'm You know, ready to learn. It's all good. Being someone who has done it all for so long, like for yourself, what was the transition like, having to take the lead of like other people with your vision? Tough. Yeah, very. 'cause I've just been, like you said, I've been doing this for so long, learning, doing this engineering thing, doing the mixing, doing all this stuff. And I'm just like, okay, I can get this done. Because I look at a lot of artists, it's like, oh yeah, I really want Sade to drop another album. It's like, oh, eight years later in my head, because I've just taught myself in my head, I'm like, it doesn't take that much.


And then I look at other artists too, and I'm like, well, you got all the resources. You have everybody's number in your phone. Why isn't your album getting done quicker? Like, why aren't you, I maybe they're not in a zone. Maybe they're getting pressured. I don't know. I just, like I said, I'm a happy artist, so I'm not pressured by anything. I'm financially stable. Like I'm good. So I can go in the studio right now and be like, okay, cool. You need, all right, I'll work on the third album right now. Or I'll work on a country record. I work on a pop whatever's, because he, that's what helps me make great r and b is by switching genres, taking a break. Because I don't want to, I don't want to be Marvin. So let me not get too heavy in that bag. Lemme go over here to country real quick and write this real quick and just take a break and then go over here to something else.


How was Tour with Maxwell and Jasmine Sullivan? Amazing, amazing. Two great artists. Me and Max were close, man, he's just a really great dude. Like he's been making sure everybody's taken care of and just been amazing. The crowd is just absolutely just is. I'm in, like, I'm in awe of they sing word for word. Even my stuff You know and me opening up for them. Like I did my first tour in January, which sold out majority of the tour and they were singing it. Then And I was like, I don't know if they're gonna do it this time. They, they're doing it this time as well. Have you done Surprised by that? You said even my stuff, like you didn't think people would know your Music? Yeah. No, because I just, in, in my head, I'm just still this dude in South Bend, Indiana that's trying to make it, I still feel like I'm going to the studio, just trying to, oh man, I really hope they like it.


I still have that. So Impost, It's slight Imposter syndrome kind of. Yeah. I'm just like, I'm like, man, there's, there's no way. I don't think they're gonna like this. I don't think Snoop's heard me say, I don't think they're gonna like this a hundred times over. I did not think they were gonna like, rebirth of Marvin. I didn't think they were gonna like back to your place. What? I was like, no, there's no way. I was like, this ain't hot right now. And they love it. And. I'm just like, okay. So that's why I like letting the people decide. This is Really random. But you were on Empire. I was on Empire, yeah. And then you were so you did, I I read about it. You were doing really well. They were talking about making you a bigger character empire. Yeah. Than all the Jesse stuff. The Jesse smaller stuff happened. You Pissed. You looked like a lion though. Oh, sh Lucia's head that we didn't know about when you walked in.


I'm like, I know. He was pissed. That one was so perfect for you. Oh man. Man, come on man. No, I mean, yeah, I thought it was, that was my first time doing any type of acting. Snoop was like, y'all, I'm gonna, we're gonna add you to Empire, like can't act. He was like, yeah, you can. I'm like, no, I can't, man. That's not my lane. I'm just, come on man. And I went on. Come on man. And I went on there and, and did it. And the director was like, how long you been acting And? I was like, today. He was like, I think we should sit down and talk. I'm like, okay, this is the thing. I still think I'm dreaming. So I'm like, there's no way even being on here, The, Breakfast, Club. I've been watching y'all for a long time. It's like, like just as I was sitting in the background, I was just like, damn, this is really happening.


So that's how I kind of felt on Empire. So then when Jesse messed it up for me, I was Pissed. As soon as I on the news, like soon as I my news, I'm like, I was like, come On. Come on man. Come on man. Don't do me like that. Skinny. What you wanna hear off the album. Let's play something. Well, might as well play third shift. All. We got more with October London. When we come back, let's get into his joint third shift. It's The, Breakfast. Club. Good morning. I was third shift from October. London. Morning, everybody. We are The, Breakfast, Club, Lauren, Finland in for Jess and also Nyla with us today. Now we have October, London still in the building. Now. Nyla, I know that you're involved on the doggy land for kids.


Yeah. Yeah. Talk to me about what do you like exactly. Do you do? Yeah. Yeah. You putting you on? Yeah. No, I've been, that's what I'm saying. So You know. Snoop's been looking out for a long time. Snoop came in the studio one day or one night and was like, Hey, what do you think about doing a kid's record? And? I was like, yeah, that's fine. Whatever. I can do that. I made one kid's record. He came back in the studio. Alright, let me hear what you got. Played it. He was like, dope. Can you do another one like that? And I was like, yeah, of course. This time I called my son on FaceTime, my son's seven. I was like, Hey, I need you to add some vocals to this. He was like, okay dad. And this time we did a record called Brush Brush. So we ended up doing that and Snoop came in. He was like, who is the kid? I was like, that's my son's your nephew. He was like, oh, snap. Like, okay, cool. I think we should do an album.


All right, cool. Gimme till tomorrow. 'cause I'm quick. I'm like, Gimme till tomorrow. Tomorrow's crazy Whole album. Yeah. Color. When we came out in 2016, we came out when I, me and Snoop came out with Colorblind. I did 18 songs in two or three days. Wow. And I got myself sick. And he was like, all right, you need to go back to the hotel. Because I was like, no, you get one shot. That's true. And that was my one shot. I'm knocking out 18, so I'm very, I I knock him out really quick. So he was like, okay, cool. So I knocked out the album and then he called Claude Brooks and he was like, yo, I got an idea for a show. I call it Doggy Land. And now I'm the, I'm the co creator of Doggy Land. The old, I am the voice of Wooey And I do the music. How, how, how exhausting was it working with Tyrese You know Tyrese is a, is a great friend of mine.


He's a great Dude. You guy's a great guy, Right? He's a no great dude. It's, it's not exhausting at all. He just, he's passionate. He's just, he's just a passionate person. He, he puts, he literally wears his heart on his sleeve and you gotta give it to him. Sure. But how exhausting was it working with him in the studio? We all know him. Like, like, I just want to know, like Bedroom Bully. How long did it take y'all to make that record? That didn't take a day. Not with him. Bed. Bed. I don't know how long it took him. You know how long it took me. Okay. So he sent the record to me and was like, I got this record. He called me, said, I got this record. I think you'd be great on it. It's very secret Garden. And. I was like, okay, bet. Just, just send it. And I was in the lab, already sent the beat. And I was like, yo, this is dope.


And he had a little bit of his vocals on it. And I was like, okay, cool. So really I wanted him to do his vocals first 'cause the competitive part. And then I was like, nah, don't worry about it. You know it's Tyrese. I ain't tripping. You know we brothers. I went in and put my part on there. Then he put his part on there and that was it. But it took me, You know, 30 minutes, knocked that out. I don't know how long it took him to get his knocked out, but for me it was, it was nothing but Bedroom. Willie is, and that's on the album too. It's on his and mine. Did you guys make this record before or after you almost burned his house down? That's just what I heard. This was after. This was after. Yeah. Tyrese already burned down Tyree's house. The Person, the person that almost burned his house down is sitting right behind me. No. Oh yeah. Well this was the house in la?


No, Atlanta. Atlanta. Okay. Tyree Atlanta house. What happened? Burn hookah. I Forget. That's a shame that you knew what it was. Atlanta. That's the only way you burn a house down nowadays is hookah. The hookah coat drop. He's in Atlanta. Right? 'cause You know we were listening to some music and we're all You know drinking except for Tyree. 'cause Tyrese don't drink. And my boy, Jamie was listening to the music. He got hyped up and he was just like, whoa, You know this, def this the record. That's Gonna be crazy. And he got up and he knocked it over and nobody noticed At first, And I turned And, I I looked And I was like, I saw security moving really fast. One of the security guys moving really fast. And he started patting on the floor. And. I'm like, what the hell is he doing? Stinky leg or something. I don't know what the hell he's doing. Something. And I was just like, okay, cool.


All right. I guess he's filling the record. And I look. I'm like, oh, oh, oh, the rug's on fire. His tron rug's on fire. I was like, oh, nice. So he's trying to put that out, grabbing the coals off the thing and all that. And Jamie felt bad and Tyrese gives them, gives em every time. What Flavor was the Hookah Damnit? I don't even know. I'm just trying to see. Was it worth it? I don't know. It might have been like mango berry cream or something. I'm telling Don't even mint that. Y'all almost burnt that house down from Mango Berry. That's crazy. I know, right? That's crazy. That is not a good way to go out. So You know every, every time Tyrese sees Jamie, he's like, he can't come in my house. Dang. He can't come out unless he's, he, yeah, he owes me a carpet. But You know he lets him in anyway, so it's Good. Now, the song time, did you have wedding song in mind when you wrote that?


Absolutely. Okay. Absolutely. So time, it's been sitting in my hard drive for 15, 16 years. Mm. Wow. So that's an old song, old song that me and my, one of my best friends, Mike Letter outta Miami, we did that record, we, I played it for, for a dog. I think I played it maybe four or five, six times. And he remembers and then doesn't remember, but he remembered it this time. He was like, yeah, we should put this on the album. And I loved it because I've been waiting to put that album out because it's just a beautiful ballad. When you wrote that in oh eight, what was your mindset? Was there somebody you wanted to marry or somebody you wanted to spend the rest of your life? Nah, I was a, I was a SAP man back in oh eight, so I was doing everything I possibly could to You know I was doing the most. Yeah, yeah.


I was, I was, what's the sad, But ain't nothing wrong with It. Like, like a You know, like a kinda like a You know A Sucker You. know what I'm saying? Like, What's wrong with that? Nothing wrong with it. But You know You would tell a woman stuff like that. I wanna spend the rest of my life. Oh my God. I had poems and Oh, poem. Throw that. Nothing's Wrong with it. But Charm Ain't had poems too. You Did. You was texting the poems or you would like mail them. I feel like you would mail them. I was, I was, I'm just asking. Depending on how old you are. That's the era we come from. We come from that You know. He's a couple years You know You Go with me. Yes. No. Maybe Area. I just wanna know because why with, we Always Be Online. Like we miss that. Like the Begging. Begging. We love you. We love you. You was doing it and you got scared. I Was writing poems back then for some reason.


I can't write a single poem now. Who tricked you out? Just about what happened? No. So I'm happy You'all just, Man, I got my heart broke, so I was just, I was kind there and then got my heart broken again, so I'm so sorry. I didn't mean to laugh. No, I'm so, No, it's all right. No, you just laughing about pain. No, No. Ain't got nobody. So Just hate to hear that because that, and then we Projecting she's, She's been hurt. She's been hurt. So she'd like to see men that have been hurt All. She's in White Men though. She likes white men now. Oh, Not Brad Pitt. Travis Kelsey. Travis. Oh, Caleb Plant. But You're light skinned, so she's willing to meet in the middle. Oh, Nice. That's dope. But She went to Delaware State. HPCU.


All right. What else? You, y'all got more questions for you? Well, the, the Sappiness makes for great music. Absolutely. And I mean. That's what I was trying to say. Yeah. Even the record Eternity that got on the Color Purple soundtrack, that was a 15, 16-year-old record. I did Eternity right after me. And Mike did Eternity right after Time. So Third Shift was a fresh freshly done record. I saw you just preview that. Yeah. Yeah. Was that the bridge or the hook that you was playing? Who, who was in there conducting this? Well, for the whole record For third Shift. Yeah. I went to Jeff Giddy and Jeff was like, yo, you wanna record it here? I was like, no, I'm going home. And I flew back home to South Bend. I recorded there, sent it to dog, and Dog was like, yo, this is something fresh. This is something new. And then went back to Jeff Giddy and got another track, which is Kill Shot.


So Kill Shot. And Third Shift was produced by Jeff. Giddy question. How did your mom feel about Mama? She loved it. She, she loves it. 'cause we've played it in the studio for a bunch of people not too long ago. And she gets teary eyed every time. And one of the people that were in the studio, she's like, oh my God, like I love Mama so much. And it's just, does your mom know that you You know you made this record. And I was like, she's sitting right behind you. And she's Oh, You know


Focus features presents piece by piece, a first of its kind Lego movie event. The story of revolutionary artist Pharrell Williams. Turns up the volume on your imagination with a big screen experience like no other. Discover what it takes to build the greatest music ever assembled with a star stud lineup. Snoop Dogg, Kendrick Lamar, Gwen Stefani, Justin Timberlake, Jay-Z, Busta Rhymes, DAP Punk and more piece by piece rated pg directed by Morgan Deville opens October 11th and theaters everywhere. Get tickets at piece by piece film.com.


Moments Like seeing my son's team cheer him on mean a lot to me. But after being diagnosed with metastatic breast cancer or NBC, which is breast cancer, that is spread to other parts of the body, they mean even more. I take Ibrance Palbociclib. Ibrance 125 milligram tablets with an aromatase inhibitor is for adults with HR positive HER two negative NBC as the first hormonal based therapy. Ask your doctor about Ibrance and visit ibrance.com. Ibrance may cause low white blood cell counts that may lead to serious infections. Ibrance may cause severe inflammation of the lungs. Both of these can lead to death. Tell your doctor right away. If, you have new or worsening symptoms, including trouble breathing, shortness of breath, cough or chest pain. Before taking Ibrance, tell your doctor If you have fever, chills, or other signs of infection. Liver or kidney problems are or plan to become pregnant or are breastfeeding. Common side effects include low red blood cell and low platelet counts. Infections, tiredness, nausea, sore mouth abnormalities, and liver blood tests, diarrhea, hair thinning or loss, vomiting, rash and loss of appetite.


Hey, it's me, Tyler Bose Open. Airbus are stylish. The color, it looks almost like a earring. I feel like it could go with anything. The music I'm making right now feels like a holiday. I wanna look like it too. Eh, check out bose.com for more.


The summer is heating up. So the next time you pop open a Coca-Cola or Coke Zero sugar. Prepare for ice cold drops from Coke Studio. New music from your favorite artists and their latest hits with drops from new jeans. Carol G and Peggy Goo. Plus live performances at the biggest festivals of the year. Grab taste that moves you. Scan your Coke, a Coke Zero sugar 12 ounce can and unlock magic music moments all year long, no purchase necessary. 13 plus and 50 US, DC and Canada. 18 plus for select prizes ends October 31st. Rules, eligibility, and prize. availability@coqrl.com slash Studio USA. Promo copyright 2024, the Coca-Cola Company.


Hi, I'm ESI Cup. And. I have spent the last 20 plus years knee deep in politics in the news. I've covered some really tough subjects from war to genocide to six presidential elections. Way too much. Trump and You. know what? I need a break, like a mental health break from the news, from the triggering headlines. And I kind of suspect. Some of you listening out there might need a break too. So my new podcast is gonna be just that, a fun and loose space where I talk to my famous friends and people I admire about all the stuff that consumes us when we're not consumed by politics. I did not really rebel in the sixties. I had no sex in the seventies. What? I made no money in the eighties. So when True Crime came along, I missed that trend too. So many great guests are joining me from Josh Menowitz to Larry Wilmore, to Molly Jung Fast to Josh Gadd. I'm so excited that you have this platform, And I am just like hoping that I don't destroy the platform in its earliest stages. Listen to Off the Cuff, on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your favorite shows.


So yeah, the Mama Rap. I I really cannot wait to put that record out. I cannot wait. 'cause I, I, I love the record a lot. And I actually did that when Snoop's mom passed. Wow. So when, so Snoop's mom passed with inspiration for you to Write that. Ooh, exactly. So when Snoop, yeah, the day after Snoop's mom passed, he was in the studio. And I was just like, I got my boy, I got him. And I went in there. And I just did it. And then I was like, yo, I want you to hear something. And I played it for him and he just You know, broke down crowd. And it Made you appreciate your mom still being Absolutely. Absolutely. Absolutely. So You know, I just think it's a great record. I can't wait to drop it. Alright, Well, October Nights comes out this Friday and we appreciate you for joining us. Thank You. Thank you. Appreciate it. It's October London, it's The Breakfast Club. Good morning. And let's get to just with the Mess with Lauren LaRosa News is real.


Just Robin Moore, just don't do no lying. Don't do, Don't spell nobody. Nobody Worldwide mess On The Breakfast Club. She's the coach. Lauren, Lauren la I'm back. And, I got the mess. Talk, talk To me. So tomorrow, Thursday, October 10th, Diddy's team will be back in court again. So they have a status hearing. And in this status hearing, there will be a conversation about Diddy attempting again for the third time to get bail. He's trying to come home until he has to be in court. Now this time, the difference is there is another new judge, and he has You know that new legal team that he hired, that we talked about previously, including a woman named Alexandra Shapiro.


Now she's leading this legal team. And what they're saying in the court documents that we received, that they filed attempting for this third bail is that number one, the, there's insufficient evidence. The court or the prosecutors didn't show enough evidence to, to back up everything that they were claiming as far as did he being dangerous to the community and the claims that he was tampering with witnesses. They're also claiming that there were legal errors in the court decision because they didn't, according to the Diddy's team, show, all of that like evidence and stuff that they needed to show. They're saying You know this was everything that y'all did was based off of speculation. And that is not right. That that's an error. You can't do that. They're also saying like, yo, he put up this bail package that was gonna be all this money.


He was, he You know he gave up the passports, 24 hour security, no contact, phone call logs, all this stuff to show selling, show Selling the jet selling the House, right. To show putting his mom's right to show he was not a flight risk. But you guys still denied it. And they believe that this is all happening because Diddy is who he is. He's a, a major celebrity who's been famous for majority of his life. So because of that, all of this stuff is being sensationalized. So the prosecutors, according to Diddy's team and how they feel are able to come in and just say, oh, he was tampering with witnesses on this date, this date, this date, without providing any hard evidence that it actually happened. And the judge will hear and make a decision, or they show a Cassie video that we all saw, right? Which is horrendous. And that proves, even though they're trying to say like You know that was in You know whatever year that was and we're here today, he has apologized for it.


He's come out and said, You know he was wrong about how the lawyers handle it. Whatever he decided to do, we, that should only be a piece of what they're using to hold him in jail. Not the full thing, but because everything is sensationalized because of who he is, it was able to be a major determining factor. So, but didn't He contact a bunch of people who had been subpoenaed to testify Against it? So they're not, they're in this, in this filing, they're not denying that that happened, nor are they confirming it. What they're saying is, is that you guys claim this and you provided dates, times, You know a little bit of that, but there was no hard evidence. The evidence still could have been something that was speculated because of conversations you may have had with somebody. And and they're saying, You know if we're in court, a judge should have said, well, I need to see more to make sure that's actually correct, because you're taking his freedom away until he's able to go to court.


That's all they're saying is that we want harder evidence. This needs to be proven more. Y'all are able to get away with things because of he, because he is who he is. And The World knows about what's happening. Yeah. I was At, yeah, like with Charlemagne said, were those people subpoenaed and then he reached out to them or Yes, yes. They haven't been subpoenaed first. They were Subpoenaed. Yeah. So, so in that second bulletin we talked about it. They said that they had, they had some, I mean they, and what what probably happened is they're gonna end up showing the evidence down, but they had received You know conversations that he allegedly had with people that he hadn't spoken to in years. And he only spoke to them after they were subpoenaed. That looks very suspicious. Right. But the, but I, they're arguing technical terms here. They're arguing, well technically you guys said it, but we didn't see it. We need to see it now. Show us the money. So that's probably what it the prosecutors are gonna do. They're gonna come with the hard evidence now.


Mm. So we'll see how this plays out tomorrow. Now another Day. And did, he's still in Brooklyn, right? Yes. The jail in Brooklyn. Yep. He's still in MDC Brooklyn. Now, while all this is happening, you guys remember the woman, the Thalia Graves, who's being represented by Gloria Rad? Yes. So that's the woman who said that Diddy Rape allegedly raped her, recorded it, and that he was trying to sell the videos, or his team was trying to sell the videos or whatever, the video. Yeah. And he, he was showing the videos allegedly, right? Yes. Allegedly. And, and she also alleged that one of his security guards also raped her as well. Well, tm That was, that was Big Joe. She she's talking about Yes. Sherman. Yeah. Yep. Joe Sherman. So TM Z is actually reporting now that they have received text messages. And these text messages show that this woman, the Leah had reached out to the ex because all this started, she said that she saw this video because a, a ex-boyfriend of hers used to work for Diddy.


He saw the video and then came back and told her like, yo, this video was going around. They're trying to sell it, whatever, whatever. So now there are these text messages that TM Z saying that they have obtained from that ex-boyfriend that show a conversation between Taliyah and this ex-boyfriend where she's saying, If, you corroborate my story. I'll pay you X amount of money. Wow. I just need you to corroborate my story. And they're also claiming that they actually spoke to the ex and the ex. He look, he stamped everything he said, yes, these text messages are real. After the, the conversation happened, he says he blocked her because he didn't want nothing to do with the situation whatsoever. And in the, the, the text was, the text was basically saying that she planned to sue Diddy because he was the one with the money out of the, I guess the two.


But she ended up suing two people. So alia's attorney Gloria re said after this, she spoke out. She says, it is very common that rich, powerful men in their supporters attempt to discredit, shaming, humiliate accusers who have the courage to come forward. The complaint speaks for itself. Our client is looking forward to her day in court. So they're not backing away from this whatsoever. Even Though there's text messages, actual text messages. These are alleged text messages according to TM Z. We have not seen them ourselves. But they're saying that these are real, they're saying that they spoke to a gentleman who was in the text that verified them. But this is something that also I'm, I'm assuming Diddy's team, because in the story they said that Diddy's team also has these text messages as well. They're gonna be presenting this somewhere in court at some point. So that, that's crazy. The validity of that will be determined by a judge as well too.


But if that is true, of course that damages her case. Like it, there is no case at that point because that's rivalry. But Those text messages exist. Wow. Right. That is insane. Yeah. So I don't know. I mean, tomorrow, Thursday, we'll see what happens in court with the bail. I don't think that, that he's going to get granted bail. That's my prediction. I don't think that he'll get granted bail in this third time around. Only because I think now they're just gonna come with the evidence and it'll be shut down. But we'll see what happens. Now I I'm just curious if the accuser was found lying, what happens to her? They just drop the case and she just goes on a hundred way. Nothing. You of course You know how that works. It's always like that. That's not right. That's crazy. I don't Know. I mean, did at that point, Diddy's team could what?


Like come after her legally? Yeah. And the security Big Joe Shsu too. If, if, if that's the case, Yeah, they got a lot. Diddy's team has a lot more to worry about. You don't think? Yeah, I wouldn't put that money towards that if I was them. They got lot More to worry about. Right Now they got a lot more other issues, pressing issues than that You know. Yeah, But that ain't right. If that's, if that's what happened in the accuser Absolutely. Positively lied. And there's proof that the accusa lied. You just walk away. Just Okay. Nothing happens to keep you moving. I hear You, but Emmy. Yeah, but that, that's really, I mean, I'm Gonna make a, In this Diddy situation, that's one of many like, I Mean, I'm gonna make a list Out. Take Diddy outta this. The, the court system shouldn't press charges for lying like that. The court system in New York got a lot more to worry about right now too. I'm gonna make a list. And, I need both these pages. You might not gimme a third one of everything did he got to worry about right now. That's what I'm saying.


I promise you, I hear you envy, but you dying on that hill by yourself. He got a lot more To worry about. Got. And by the way, Diddy be in, even if that is a lie, it, it is a lot of other things that are probably true. That's just the reality of the situation. Alright, That was Diddy for the day. All right. Just, just with the mess with Laura La Rosa Charlamagne. Yes. Who? Look, what am I who give you a donkey too? You need to cut it out. Okay. What? It's just like every single time what you hear Diddy's store, you get extra kinky. I did. You need to Cut it out. I'm not getting to do nothing. I don't Know what you talking about. All right. Po tell everybody what you said before we turn the mics on. What happened? What was kinky? 'cause this fall after the hour, governor Ron DeSantis is coming to the front of the congregation. We'd like to have a word with him. Everybody in this room heard you say it.


Yeah, But it's true. Look, You need us to corroborate your story. Please, please. He Listen. Here's the thing, Lauren. Lauren, what you not understanding is he wants to say It. No, I don't. I don't wanna say anything. I'm trying to get you to Fix it. He's fighting himself. He fighting. So he wants to say it so bad. No, I don't wants, just want to, I just want you to know I was in the room, but I didn't hear anything unless you got six figures from me. You need to bribe me. I didn't hear anything. Keep all of this recording. Okay? I'm gonna need all of this against these people. Alright, Donkin days. Up next. It's The. Breakfast, Club. Good morning. You are checking out The, Breakfast, Club. This is a miracle. There is no question that there are problems in this country between police and community. Yes, you are a donkey.


The latest on that police killing of a black man. Now a new developments in the deadly spa shooting Rampage. Man, yesterday was a really bad day for him and this is what he did. And so we are in a state of emergency, Okay? White supremacist violence is, it always has been the number one threat to our society. But I'm also very proud that my wife is white. But The Breakfast Club bitches. Charlene, please tell me why was I your donkey of the day? Donkey of the Today for Wednesday, October 9th goes the governor Ron DeSantis of Florida, Ron DeSantis is refusing to take Vice President Harris's calls in regards to Hurricane Helene and Hurricane Milton. Now, If, you haven't heard the vice president Kamala Harris, that Rhon DeSantis is not taking her calls.


Let's listen. NBC's reporting. Governor DeSantis is ignoring your calls on H resources and help. How does that hurt the situation here? You know moments of crisis if, if nothing else should really be the moment that anyone who calls themselves a leader says they're gonna put politics aside and put the people first. People are in desperate need of support right now and playing political games at this moment in these crisis situations. These are the height of emergency situations. It's just utterly irresponsible and it's selfish and it's about political gamesmanship.


Instead of doing the job that you took an oath to do, which is to put the people first. I agree. You gotta put the people first. You know people over politics. But now in fairness, governor Ron DeSantis said he has spoken to President Biden and FEMA officials in preparation for Hurricane Milton. But he also said on Fox Rashaan Hannity that the Vice President Harris is delusional. Let's listen. And so for Kamala Harris to try to say that my sole focus on the people of Florida is somehow selfish is delusional. I'm in contact with the president of the United States. I'm in contact with FEMA director. I'm obviously managing all our state agencies.


We're supporting all our local government. And. I will say this, I've had storms under both President Trump and President Biden, and I've worked well with both of them. She's the first one who's trying to politicize the storm and she's doing that just because of her campaign. I'm glad Governor DeSantis talked to President Biden. I'm glad that he talked to FEMA officials, but we have to be honest here, the person politicizing this issue is Ron DeSantis. For him to say, oh, he didn't answer her call because it seemed political is insane. Okay, that's a natural disaster. A a a A category six that is headed to Florida. All right? And they don't even have category six, okay? She's the vice president of the United States of America.


I'm glad you spoke to the president. I'm glad you spoke to officials from fema, but if she called to give you some encouraging words, if she called to just lynch some emotional support, if she called to say, Hey, we gonna make sure Florida has everything it needs to recover, whatever it was, there is nothing wrong with that. You only ducked her call because she's the Democratic presidential nominee and she's running against your guy Donald Trump. Okay? You can't play nice with her in any way, shape or form because you don't want, you don't want it to look like you are giving her any type of energy because you want your guy to win. Okay? Not only that, the scientist, you talking out both sides of your mouth and one breath you saying you didn't even know she tried to call. And then in another breath you said the call seems political, which is it?


All I'm saying is the same thing I've been saying. I've been saying it all week. I don't understand how politicians politicize these natural disasters. Okay? Mother Nature should be the most humbling thing for humans because Mother Nature don't care what race you are. Mother Nature don't care about your sexuality, your religion, your political party, hurricane Milton is going to come f things up and then leave and You know who has to help put that community back together, the people and in moments like, like that. It don't matter what your differences are because the goal is the same and the goal is to simply survive. That's it. Okay? That is the disconnect. All right? You need that is the disconnect between elected officials and people. You need public servants that care about just people because the people don't care about politics.


I keep trying to tell folks when they talk to me about You know black men and why black men aren't engaged in the political process or why You know black men might be gravitating towards Trump. This is not a race thing, it's, it's, it's not a political party thing. It's a class thing. And people who are out here living check to check people who are out here just trying to survive You know they, they're just tired of getting their ass kicked. So they're probably just, they're just disengaged from the whole political process period. You know why? Because people who live in these ghettos, in these inner cities, people from these rural areas in the south whose conditions have been the exact same regardless of who's in office on a federal and local level, they could care less. They could care less about politics. And those are the people these elected officials don't see.


We had a call this morning from a brother who is currently in Tampa. His name is Tone and Hurricane Milton, this category five monster that meteorologists say they would label a category six if they could, but five is the highest it goes. Tone just finished dealing with Hurricane Helene and now Hurricane Milton is coming. If. you think he cares about politics at a time like this? You're insane. But he said it better than I could ever do. I ever could. Let's listen to tone. It don't matter what that is. Democrat, Republican, they all treason, man. They all about money, bro. Not these people care about American people, bro. This hurt, bro. This hurt, bro. People wake up every day just where they live their life, bro.


And you got these s man. You got these S call themselves government service people, bro. And they don't give a damn bro. They don't give a damn about the mics coming over here. They using them too, man. It's right man. You absolutely right my brother now, I can't wait man. That man said he can't wait until God come back. You think he care about you damn elected officials. He don't care about none of y'all. He waiting for God to come back because y'all have failed him so much in his life. Ron, while you worried about politics, people are in pain while you trying to score political points with your constituents. People are hurting. And until we have true public servants on both sides who put the people over politics, things will never change.


Please give Governor Ron DeSantis the biggest hee-haw. Yeah, That call earlier. Morgan was in here crying. I thought her glasses was just too tight. No, nah, she was in here crying. She was tear up crying. I felt, I mean, yeah. Well, let's open up the phone lines. Thank you for that donkey. Today. What? I felt really bad. 800. I felt really, really bad. 5 8, 5 1 0 5 1. What are your thoughts? Salute to a friend of mine. He's out in Tampa. He just says, yo, I'm hunkered down crazy. He says, three hospitals have been evacuated. Mm, they've been sending patients to Miami. We says, we are hoping for the best. He said his house was built up to date, but they've never seen anything like that.


He said he's on a dirty side of the eye wall. I don't know what that means, but he's on the dirty side of the eye wall. He just says, I'm angry, just like that. Calling from Tampa. He said Up. He's right up. He says, so far the rain is and and wind is is mild, but it's picking up. And You know we're expecting for the worst later on. By the way, there's nothing you can do with a natural disaster. Like no political party created a natural disaster. But it's all about how people react once that natural disaster happens. Like You know, I saw Speaker of the House, Mike Johnson, I was watching him on something last night and he was like, the house is in recess. They'll, they'll deal with the aid and everything when they come back after 30 days. You know how long. 30 days is too long after the election.


Too long, like, come on bro. The dirty side of the eyewall just lifted up. It just means he's, he's where it's gonna hit real bad at. So, oh. They use the, the eye of the storm to determine where it's gonna be worse. So the dirty side of the eyewall is where the winds will tend to be the strongest. The dirty side falls over Tampa Bay. Yeah. So, all right, again, pray for Tampa, man. Pray for your family. Everybody, Everybody out. This h Now I spoke to, I spoke to a lot of people. Asked about my son. I spoke to him about what, about 20 minutes ago. He FaceTimed me. He said it was, it hasn't even rained yet there yet. He said it hasn't rained. He says people have left. He said the streets are very quiet. Not too many people there. He said it's not too much food in, in the, in any of these grocery stores.


But he's okay. He actually had to go to practice. So he's on his way to practice. I don't why. Practice? Practice. Yeah. I don't know why this school is still having practice, but he still has practice. I now Miami, university of Miami. Y'all ain't no real hurricane. The real hurricane coming. The hell you mean practice. That's What I said. You gonna Probably might not even be a game or the game home on way this weekend. I think it's, I think it's away. I think it's Atlanta. I think he's, I think it's Atlanta. Okay. All right. Well 805 8 5 1 0 5 1. We'll take your calls. What's your thoughts? Call us up now. It's The. Breakfast. Club. Good morning. The. Breakfast. Club. Daddy call my phone call. It's topic time. Call 8 5 8 5 1 0 5 1 to join into the discussion with The Breakfast Club.


Morning everybody. It's DEJ Envy. Jess. Hilarious. Charlamagne. Nega. We are The. Breakfast. Club. Lauren LaRosa filling in for just now. If, you just joining us with taking your calls. We had a caller that call this morning and Charlamagne gave donkey the data. Who Charlamagne Governor Ron DeSantis. Because You know these people constantly put politics over the people. And I feel like Tone. Who called in from Tampa? You know Tampa is directly about to get hit by this monster. Hurricane Milton And I. Think tone. Just put it in in the right perspective. Yeah. And and Tone called this morning during Get it off your chest. And he was very vocal, very upset and very frustrated. I say what? He said. Can we play a clip of it? They playing in our faces, bro, you get Ukraine, come over here, they get what they want.


You get immigrants come over here, they get what they want. And you got people being denied these FEMA applications that you talking about the other day. Charlemagne people being denied bro. But you getting these migrants coming over here. $10,000 food stamps bro. $5,000 man. Mm, this hurting bro. We wea. We finna get ready to damn near die bro. A lot of people couldn't afford to evacuate and it government planning our man, it don't matter what they is, Democrat, Republican. They all treason. Man. You absolutely right my brother. Now I can back man. Now we just open up the phone lines and we just want to hear, hear what you have to say.


Hello. Who's this brother? It's Fiji. Hey Fiji. It sounds like you got us on speaker. Bluetooth. Can you take us


Focus features presents piece by piece a first of its kind Lego movie event. The story of revolutionary artist Pharrell Williams. Turns up the volume on your imagination with a big screen experience like no other. Discover what it takes to build the greatest music ever assembled with a star stud lineup. Snoop Dogg, Kendrick Lamar, Gwen Stefani, Justin Timberlake, Jay-Z Busta Rhymes, dap Punk and more piece by piece rated PG directed by Morgan Deville opens October 11th and theaters everywhere. Get tickets at piece by piece film.com.


Moments like seeing my son's team cheer him on mean a lot to me. But after being diagnosed with metastatic breast cancer or NBC, which is breast cancer, that is spread to other parts of the body, they mean even more. I take Ibrance Palbociclib. Ibrance 125 milligram tablets with an aromatase inhibitor is for adults with HR positive HER two negative NBC as the first hormonal based therapy. Ask your doctor about Ibrance and visit ibrance.com. Ibrance may cause low white blood cell counts that may lead to serious infections. Ibrance may cause severe inflammation of the lungs. Both of these can lead to death. Tell your doctor right away. If you have new or worsening symptoms including trouble breathing, shortness of breath, cough or chest pain. Before taking Ibrance, tell your doctor If you have fever, chills, or other signs of infection. Liver or kidney problems are or plan to become pregnant or are breastfeeding. Common side effects include low red blood cell and low platelet counts. Infections, tiredness, nausea, sore mouth abnormalities in liver, blood tests, diarrhea, hair thinning or loss, vomiting, rash and loss of appetite.


What's up? It's me Don Toliver. If I could describe the holes ultra open earbuds, I think I would describe it as very seamless. It can definitely be something that you can style. It's like earing candy. Check out bows.com for more.


The summer is heating up. So the next time you pop open a Coca-Cola or Coke Zero sugar. Prepare for ice cold drops from Coke Studio. New music from your favorite artists and their latest hits with drops from new jeans. Carol G and Peggy Goo Plus live performances at the biggest festivals of the year. Grab taste that moves you. Scan your Coke a Coke zero sugar 12 ounce can and unlock magic music moments all year long, no purchase necessary. 13 plus in 50 US DC and Canada. 18 plus for select prizes ends October 31st. Rules, eligibility and prize. availability@coqrl.com slash Studio USA. Promo copyright 2024, the Coca-Cola Company.


Hi, I'm ESI Cup. And. I have spent the last 20 plus years knee deep in politics in the news. I've covered some really tough subjects from war to genocide to six presidential elections. Way too much Trump and You. know what? I need a break. Like a mental health break from the news, from the triggering headlines. And I kind of suspect. Some of you listening out there might need a break too. So my new podcast is gonna be just that, a fun and loose space where I talk to my famous friends and people I admire about all the stuff that consumes us when we're not consumed by politics. I did not really rebel in the sixties. I had no sex in the seventies. What? I made no money in the eighties. So when true crime came along, I missed that trend too. So many great guests are joining me from Josh Menowitz to Larry Wilmore. To Molly Jung Fast to Josh Gadd. I'm so excited that you have this platform. And I am just like hoping that I don't destroy the platform in its earliest stages. Listen to Off the Cuff on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts or wherever you get your favorite shows.


Go right fast bro. Yeah, hold on. You hear me now? Yeah, We can hear you. Go ahead Brother. I wanted to ask Charlamagne, at what point are we gonna keep, we gonna keep the same energy with Kamala? Kamala talk to me. What happened? I'm hearing, I'm hearing the thing that didn't take her phone call because this is the first time she called that I ordered that the nationalist asked. He's dealt with. So he's questioning why, why is she calling now? And she's the one trying put a project campaign If you. Oh, go Ahead Lauren. Hey, I was gonna say, if your family was down there in the eye, that storm, would you care if this was her first second or, or whatever time calling? Like in all honesty, take your po political beliefs out of it. Would you care about that? Alright. Wouldn't you just want them to get the help, Honestly? Yeah, but if, but in all honesty, if Rhonda understand they're gonna handle all the snatch by himself without her help, what is she offering now?


She, She besides let, let's be Besides an insulting, besides an assaulting seven $50 like he did to, Well that's fema and that's not true either. But that's a, that's another mis that's more misinformation. But let's be clear about something. President Biden is no longer at the will. Can we just be honest about that? For once You know what I'm saying? President Biden is no longer, He ain't been in the way, But that's my point. She been wait a long time. So she's the acting vice president running to be president. I would expect her to be the one to call. That's just the reality of the situation. But my point is, if, if I'm, if I'm governor Ron DeSantis, why does it matter if she was not running for president, do you think he would be on TV saying that she's trying to make this political?


Hello? Who's this? This is Mac from Detroit. What up though? Dm, what up? Do what's up? Talk to us Mack. What up? D You hear Charlemagne talk about people from the hood, urban, arrogant or whatever. We don't care about politics, but we do You. know what I'm saying? It does matter to us, not just about our pocket and stuff like that, but our way of living our life. But ever since Trump been the office, You know, I mean since he been running we never had so much hate division in The. World. We never seen all You know like kk, K Maga, all that marching. We knows the difference between parties and things like that. I think You, I you misunderstood. I think you misunderstood me brother.


I said that when it comes to something like Hurricane Milton, when people are worried about survival, I'm Who going through that? Yes. He's not thinking about a political party in this moment. That's what I'm talking about. Think About his family and saving himself. I thought I was clear on that but maybe I wasn't. No, No. You said people in urban areas and those and all that we looking at like you don't care because you made it outta the, again though you might be doing this, but we'd be hoping a guy like you that has a voice will speak for us, especially black men, for black men, instead of look at us like we don't exist. Oh, No, no, no, no, no, no. Once. Oh, okay. I see what you're saying now. No, what I said was when they come to me and they have these conversations about black men and why black men aren't engaged in the political process or they say things to me like black men are gravitating towards Trump.


What I say to them is, no, it's not about party. People have just seen a system either regardless of what the party is, who's constantly kicked them in they ass. So they might just be disconnected from the whole process. But you're saying that they're not. Right. We got Gloria on the line. Gloria, good morning. Good Morning. How you doing guys? We're doing well. Gloria, how you feeling? I know you're a truck driver right now, right? Yeah, I'm a truck driver. And I was telling the young man I my run consistent going to Asheville, Henderson, Irwin, Tennessee. And ever since this hurricane hit, it's been devastating. I know you guys see it on Instagram, You know the viral clip. But If, you physically go out there and see the devastation that's out there.


It is so fast. Just this Saturday I was in Spartansburg 'cause I'm stationed here in George in Atlanta. Spartansburg have no light still since this Saturday. And it's been two weeks. That's crazy. People sleeping on their porch, outside on their porch because they have no light. Wow. Let me ask you a question. Do you care about what political party shows up to help? Or do you just want both All of these political parties who are supposed to be You know governing over all American people? You just want them to do something, right? Yes. And for the people who's out there that says, oh, I'm not gonna vote. It doesn't affect me because I was that one person that used to work off paycheck to paycheck.


I'm Hispanic. And they said, oh, it's not affect me. It's right, Right now half. I'd rather go buy a pack of meat for not even $10. You have to pick and choose what are your, you're gonna feed your family at the end of the day, Rather buy me a chicken. So for, yeah. So everybody who's listening and saying, oh, it won't affect you or you're gonna stay there and you're gonna wish that you actually voted because it does matter. Thank you Gloria. Be safe on them roads too. Thank you. Have a great day. 805 8 5 1 0 5 1.


We're just taking your calls. Give us a call right now. It's The Breakfast Club. Good morning about it. It's topic time. Call 805 8 5 1 0 5 1 to join into the discussion with The Breakfast Club. Morning everybody. It's DJ Envy. Jess. Hilarious. Charlamagne the guy. We are The Breakfast. Club. Lauren la is filling in for Jess now. If, you just join us. Charlamagne gave donkey the day. To who? Governor Ron DeSantis. 'cause he is putting You know politics over people. But it, it is easy for him to do that because You know he's not dealing with the same issue that the people are dealing with. And people are done man. They're upset. They're they're, they're frustrated. We had a brother called named Tone. He he called her and get it off your chest. And this is what he said. We'll just play a clip of his phone call.


They plan in our faces, bro. You get Ukraines come over here, they get what they want. You get immigrants come over here, they get what they want and you got people being denied these FEMA applications that you talking about the other day. Charlemagne, people being denied, bro. But you getting these migrants coming over here, 10,000 stamps, bro. Man, bro, we, we, we finna get ready to damn near die, bro. A lot of people couldn't afford to evacuate and it government planning our fight, man. It don't matter what they is, Democrat, Republican, they all treason. Man.


You absolutely right my bro. Man man. So we're asking 805 8 5 1 0 5 1. What are your thoughts? Hello? Who's this? Yo, this is capo 1 6 7. What's going envy, Capo. What's up man? What's your thoughts brother? Not much my thoughts man. Listen, I'm tired of all media, everybody trying to sway public perception, not perception because y not y I'm just talking in general, know what you mean? Yeah. Everybody tries to sway more to one side than the other and putting one side's dirt out there more than the other. Listen, I've been watching politics, And I know I've been studying history my whole life. They all, shit the past eight years, this has been a uproar in politics.


I it is it it it it's a sideshow. It's a show. Pardon my French. It's a show. Like for instance, y'all wanna say one candidate is racist and point out certain things, but y'all don't wanna go back 20, 30 years and and and put your man on bl for saying certain words like the n words, this, that, and the third. You talking about President Biden? I this lady giving out 50 for relief while they sending trillions over to to, to other countries. How about y'all look up the statistics of HUD and how much would it take to end homelessness in America? They send that eight times over to other countries. So as far as having people's best interest or America's American's best interest and playing politics to the side, that'll never be the case.


None of them ain't no good. All of them are crooks. The media needs to stop portraying like one is better than the other. There ain't no let's say evil or this, that and the third is the, like the man said, I'm waiting for God to come and and shut it all down. Ain't none of them no good, none of them. And y'all need to really look at the facts and start talking about all the facts, not just You know y'all pick and choose not y'all. Like I said in general, I know what You mean. Y'all Pick and choose the, the option is up to the people. And if we could go back man, we could go back and do the research and put every like another, another thing. How about this lady signing that, signing that that bill when your man was up there arguing with Angela Rye and she tried to cut him off and not let him speak but he was hitting her with the facts You.


know what I'm saying? Come on. Y'all gotta stop. What's Stop? What name? Kapo Kapo. Kapo 1 6 7 Boogy down Bronx. But as far as I'm concerned, everybody the past eight years has been a movie. Grab your popcorn, grab your popcorn, grab your popcorn because Popcorn about To get rid cop Pop popcorn. Too expensive man. I don't know If, you seen how much popcorn cost nowadays, but I'm gonna tell you something. People like tone, people like capo, they represent how so many people are feeling. They don't care about politics, they don't care about political parties. You talking about people whose conditions who have been the same regardless of who's in office. All they want is somebody, one of these political parties to provide them some real relief.


And the sad part about it is help. Exactly. Democrats and Republicans are supposed to work together every day for the benefit of the American people, But they don't. It's split. That's it. It's it. They don't and it's split and it's effed up. And like he said, it, it is to the point now where it's like he just needs help. They just need relief. They just wanna figure out how they gonna eat, how they gonna pay rent and They don't care and how they work and they don't care what party is giving it to 'em. But once again, both parties are supposed to work together every day with a benefit of the American People. Vanessa, good morning. Good morning. How you feeling Vanessa? It's Vanessa, but I'm doing okay. How you doing? Good. Talk to us now. Oh, so y'all were asking about the hurricane and how it's affecting folks. I mean, down south it's another day.


This is something that people down south, they grow up with it. They're used to it. It's like how we're used to snow days up north. The hurricane is just another day for them. And whether it's a category, 1, 2, 3, 4 most days, everybody's just prepared for what is to come. Well, where you calling from? Where you calling from? What part of down south are you calling from? I'm Not calling from down south. I'm, I live up north now, but I lived in Florida for 15 years and the hurricane Now this ain't just a regular hurricane. I I can't, this ain't Just a regular day down there. Yeah, this Is different. And as somebody who lived through Hurricane Hugo, which was a category four, five, I lived Through, I lived through two three. Yeah. I I don't, hurricanes ain't another day.


Why? But the only reason why this isn't so huge is because by the time it reaches places like Orlando, the hurricane times dissipate. I don't know about this one. I don't think you've been paying attention to Hurricane Milton. Hurricane Milton is a category six and and there there is no six. Like if five is the highest it goes, but they're saying if they could categorize it, it would be a six. That's what Well I'll tell you this. As a person that has lived down south, and it's always been, I lived in the Gulf, like I lived in Tallahassee for a good portion of time and it was a four right before it hit us. And it ended up being a two when it hit us. And you would think that the capital of the state would be well prepared. They were not. Power went out for weeks in some places.


And that's a small town, but places like Orlando, Jacksonville, like West Palm Tampa, they're prepared to be things. So it really is like just another day that they Yeah, I, I I disagree with that. Once again, I lived through, I lived through Hurricane Hugo. And. I can't sit here and say it's just another day. No, it's Not just another day. Speaking of my people from Tampa, like it, it is messed up. Like people are trying to find generators. They don't have gas, they're stuck. They're praying like never before. They're saying this is the craziest scene. He did just recently tell me, he just hit me two minutes ago and said it, it is been downgraded to a category four as of right now. So I don't know if it's going back from four to five. Four to five, I'm sure. Well, but, but think about it. Think about it like this, right? If they said it was so powerful last night that it could be greater, that category six six, right Going down mean it's only about a, it's probably a five at this point, right?


I lived through Hurricane Hugo in 1989. Hurricane Hugo was a category five. I can remember all of that anxiety I was feeling then. Okay, And I was what? 12, let me see. 88, 11. I'm terrible at math. What was I 78? You terrible. 11. Could you hush your noise? Okay. Because your eyelash is is eligible for fe relief, right now's your eyelash, Your eyelash Eligible. She's not making jokes. I'm just simply saying not the time. What I'm trying to say is your left eye lash is Disaster place your her boy time and place as well. Wow. Well lemme call you thing on disaster like that. My lashes is laid now I got it together up in here. It ain't laid. It scared me a While. I never forget. He let me fight Again. You saw it like, it just, it just started waving on its own.


Yo your eye lashes be doing the Harlem shit just randomly. It'd be hitting them little Shark. Y'all are lying. I would've seen it on my eye. I saw it. It Scary. It was just a little bit the left one. Alright. What, what's the mall of the of this, of the Pray for Tampa. Pray for everybody in Florida. Man. Tampa. That's right. Tampa man. Yeah man, I feel sorry because You know all of these elected officials, regardless of what side of the aisle they on, whether it's federal, local, they're supposed to be here helping the people. And You know they constantly failed the people and they constantly fail the people who need the most help. But both of these parties are supposed to be working together collectively every day to help the American people. So truthfully, we shouldn't be pointing the finger at any particular party regardless of You.


know who's You know in the White House or who's You know your your governor. We should be pointing the finger at both of them. 'cause both of them collectively are supposed to be helping people. That's right. Every day. That's right. Well let's get to Jess with the Mess with Lauren LaRosa. When we come back, what we talking about, We are gonna go into the Jets coach in that firing. Talk about that. All right, we'll get to that next. It's The, Breakfast Club of Morning. All Right, morning everybody. It's DJ Envy Jess, hilarious. Charlemagne the guy. We are The Breakfast Club. Let's get to just with the Mess with Lauren. La News Is real. Jessica Robin Moore. Just don't do no lying. Don't Nobody Worldwide.


Just worldwide on The. Breakfast Club. She's the coaches coach. Lauren. Lauren Osa And I got the mess. Talk to me. So in sports news, the Jets coach Robert Sala has been fired. Now this happened Tuesday in the owner of the Jets Woody. He's saying that this was all him, like it was his decision to make this decision. But You know there is some controversy, some conversations surrounding this firing. Now for background, this came after the team had a two three start and then once they fired him, they promoted defensive coordinator Jeff Albridge to be the interim coach. Now ESPN is calling this timing like the timing of the firing.


Very bizarre. They're saying that You know even though the start was two three, that they could have actually progressed if they had been able to play the bills this coming Monday. It's just super early for a firing like this to happen. And they, they note that the last time that a firing like this was done with someone that has like the winning per the same winning percentages as Sala was in 1961 with with Lou Saban in the Boston Patriots. Well this is his what, second year coaching? Third year coaching for the Jets. Yeah, I think like third, his Third year coach, this is the last year on his contract. He's the first Muslim coach ever in the NFLI believe Head coach. But I mean when you own a team you can decide who you want to be your coach or not. I mean the team, they expected to do a lot better than it was, especially with Aaron Rogers running as quarterback.


So I guess they can make the decisions that they want. I'm not a Jets fan, but how do you feel about it? Red? I know you're a Jets fan. Do you think that coaches, that that firing was warranted? I mean Aaron Rogers years is going down is he got like two years left. So I mean you want him to have the best opportunity to win And I think firing the coach is the best thing. 'cause he hasn't, he hasn't won since he's been there. So yeah, We'll see. Feels the same way. Well I've been trying to figure, so You know to Red's point, there are a lot of fans online like listen, we, it wasn't, we weren't moving the way we need to be moving with him. So it makes sense. The the firing does. But then there are also reports that because he wore Lebanon flag the last game, the just versus the Vikings game that people believe that that's the reason why there are people saying that You know, know Aaron Rogers conversation, him and Aaron Rogers, whether there's like some beef there, some tension there is a big part of the reason why and Aaron Rogers actually was asked about, there was like that awkward like hug push thing that happened between them in the last game.


And Aaron Rogers was asked about that. Let's take a listen. There Was that awkward exchange with you and Robert, you appeared to like push him away When he No, it was not really awkward at all. Push Him away. Then when he went to hug you, what Happened? I didn't know. He's not a big hugger usually. So I didn't know he was going for the hug. He likes to do the two hand chest push as well. So, but he talks a lot about two score leads. So I just kind of gave him a push and said two score lead. That's what happened. Sounded a little freak off the whole exchange. I'm not gonna lie, this sounds a little freak off-ish, but he loved to do the two hand push If. you saw the video, it didn't even look like much, it just looked like You know two bros broing down. Like whatever. Nah, it looked like you Trying to hug him.


It looked like Aaron Rod was like chill. And that was two games ago. Now the reason, oh, two games ago, I'm sorry. The reason why that was the Aaron Rogers thing is coming up because there was a person that was de that was demoted. So Nathaniel Hackett who was the offensive coordinator, now this is the guy that You know the jets that they brought on trying to get Aaron Rogers over to the team and stuff like that. So they're basically saying that because that demotion happened, that's why there's the beef with Aaron Rogers and Sala and that led to the firing because Aaron Rogers is Aaron Rogers And I don't know. I didn't know there was so much tee in football. I might tune in now. Oh, Here you go. I seriously, I I seen him saying that the whole thing about him wearing the flag on, on his shoulder and that was part of the reason. But I, I think a lot of Jet fans this is say yo, we losing, like we, we were expected to be contender this year and we pretty much look like the Cowboys.


And please know that first of all, cowboys are three and two. That's don't, the Cowboys got team two Because I'm Don team. Oh, I can't tune into every team I got. Pick one. Don't need you Tune. First of all, we don't, we don't need your viewership in the NFL. Okay, that's number one Like that. Now I put my eye, eye on eyelashes on right? And you don't need my viewership. I can See, I'm gonna be honest with you. I can see clear And, I can see that the Cowboys ain't going nowhere. Honest, be honest with you. You put your eyelashes on but you used the word called right and that not have been in that sentence. You know me and my eyelashes can clearly see that the Cowboys ain't going nowhere because that's, I'll Be praying to God I be on my knees like, God, please don't win. Let us win. God please let us Win. Don't ever let Lauren find strong eyelash glue ever. Please God. I know this is petty, but God please don't let her let her ever find strong eyelash glue.


Don't let talk to you like that. Nah, it's okay Embi. It's All right. We gonna get you some gorilla glue up here. Gorilla Glue. The lashes is crazy now you trying to take me out? Y'all trying to take out everybody in this seat. That's crazy. We've been watching you fight that eyelash all morning and it's like once a day for weeks. But You know how messed up it is that y'all been watching me fighting. Y'all just sitting here. I don't what else we supposed to do. Okay, the eyelash be kicking your ass, dude. Nah, this morning that eyelash came in with like some cousins. It was, I'm like, yo, what is happening Yesterday Too? Not Oh Yeah. Or was it Monday, Don? 'cause yesterday I was on point. I was, it was, it was real Face card never declined. Valid. Then She got the nerve to just throw it on and then be talking to, to you regularly while the eyelash is doing this because she just trying to have a serious conversation with you and your eyelash just going crazy When you move as fast as I move y'all, it, it, it be happening.


I be doing my makeup in here in like 10 minutes. We gotta, we gotta go. It Not too much my eyelash, it was definitely doing the hall Tomorrow. Too much on that tomorrow. That's why I won't stay on. You need to putting more glow on It tomorrow. You know what I think I'm gonna do? I think I'm gonna come in here and do a eyelash, like while we're talking. I'm gonna put 'em on and I'm let the people decide if I got it or not because y'all be hating. All right, well that was just with the mess. Why You rubbing your Eye? Well, knowing the roasts Eyebrow. I'm just sad. I just don't know what your struggle is man. You just gotta, you gotta, you need to pick one, whether it's shaving under your arms, Jesus, whether keeping your head, whether it's that left eyelash, pick a Struggle with please these stop throwing all these struggles on me. You never wanna see the black woman progress. That's what's wrong With you. This ain't got nothing to do with black women. This is Lauren LaRosa and her struggles with hair. Okay. Alright. You need a T-shirt that Lauren Lar breakfast. Alright, We wrapping it up? Yes'.


Alright, let's get to the people's Choice mix. It's The Breakfast. Club. Good morning The. Breakfast Club, your morning zone. Never be the same Morning everybody. It's DJ Envy Jess. Hilarious. Charlemagne the guy. We are The Breakfast Club. Lauren LaRosa filling in for Jess. Now we got a salute to October's. October London. October London for joining us. He was the first artist that Snoop signed when he acquired Death Row Records. So he's an r and b artist, so salute to him. Yeah, he is got a new album coming out this Friday, October 11th called October Nights, man. But check him out. He's had a lot of projects. All right, when we come back we got the positive note and more. Don't move, it's The. Breakfast. Club. Good morning. Good morning everybody. It's DJ Envy, Jess, hilarious Charlamagne guy.


We are The Breakfast Club. Lauren LaRosa filling in for Jess. Now it's time to get up outta here. Charmin, you got a positive note before we do, I just wanna say again, continue to pray and and send love and family and check up on your family members and friends if they're out in Florida. Yes man, I got some family in Tampa that, that right now they're very concerned. They're, they're hunkered down and they're just praying for the best. My son who's in Miami says they haven't seen Rain as yet. He actually went to football practice this morning. So school is canceled. Just online school I should say. But there are no in classes. No in-school Classes. Tell the man of the house Logan, that there's this thing called the Calm before the storm. Tell him right before he used to body slam you, but he used that. He used to just like let you be cool and think that you could do it to him.


That's what's about to happen. But He's be body What? No, he does not. He's not the man in the house and no, he does not body slam me. You too big Getting body. Oh, you ain't seen Logan please. He He do his pushups. He do his pushups. You can leave us on a positive note. Positive note. Simply this. Oh, I wanna tell y'all too, my fourth annual mental wealth expo is happening this Saturday, October 12th at the Marriott Marque in Times Square from 11:00 AM to 4:00 PM right here in New York City. All you gotta do is go to mental wealth expo.com for more details on that and it is a free event open to all ages. Okay, so we'll see you Saturday. But my positive note is about attitude. We cannot change our past. We cannot change the fact that people act in a certain way.


We can't even change the inevitable. The only thing we can do is play on the one screen we have and that is our Attitude. Have a great day. Breakfast Club Bitches. You finished or y'all done? Hey, it's Meet Tyler. Both open Earbuds are stylish. The color, the way it looks, it looks almost like a earring. You know, so I feel like I could go with anything. My style is very fun. I feel like I always look like I'm on holiday. I just really like playing around with it and tying it to the music. So yeah, I really feel like the music I'm making right now feels like a holiday, so I wanna look like it too. Check out bs.com for mo


On CBS Sunday. You find people, right? We're all looking for something. I do Mom, I'm aist Facts Justice Truth and Coulter Shaw, I'm gonna do everything I can. Won't stop until he finds it. Making Sure you haven't done anything stupid. I don't wanna talk about it. That sounded suss Justin Hartley Stars. I'm here to help you in the CBS original Tracker. A new season starts CBS Sunday kicking off CBS Premier Week and streaming on Paramount Plus.


Hi, I'm ESY Cup and I've spent my career interviewing people about politics, presidential elections and some really tough breaking news. But now I need a break. And I, think you do too. So on my new podcast off the Cup, I'll still be interviewing people usually famous and most likely my friends, but about Life. You know the stuff that consumes us when we're not consumed by politics. So come join me every Wednesday for some conversational self-care. Listen to Off the Cuff on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your favorite shows.


Hey everybody, the time has finally come this week starting October 7th through October 11th. That's Monday through Friday everybody. We are revealing the iconic 400. Yes, Bowen Yang And I famously missed our 400th episode here on Las Culture East us. But we are ready to reveal the Iconic 400. Who is on the list? Does it matter? No. Will it be fun? Yeah, there might even be a surprise or two in there. So listen carefully. Listen to Lost Callistus on Will Ferrell's Big Money Players Network on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts.


Hey, I'm Gianna Denti And. I'm Jamma Jackson Gadsden. We're the host of Let's Talk Offline from LinkedIn News and iHeart podcasts. There's a lot to figure out when you're just starting your career. That's where we come in. Think Of us as your work besties you can turn to for advice. And if we don't know the answer, we bring in people who do like negotiation expert Maury to Harry, poor If. you start thinking about negotiations as just a conversation. Then I think it sort of eases us a little bit. Listen to, let's talk offline on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts.