
Taking control of your career is empowering. Just don't tell my boss I said that. Just kidding. I am the boss. This is Carlos Miller from the 85 South Show. And building a career isn't just about a job. It's about creating a path that impacts our community and future generations. Whether you're starting out or even making big moves, State Farm is here to support you with resources to help protect what you're working hard to achieve. They've got your back every step of the way because like a good neighbor State Farm is there. Find out more at State Farm dot com


Meetings, deadlines, emails, millions of notifications. Don't you wish you could escape the chaos?


Fortunately, that's where the all new Nissan Murano comes in with available features like the relaxing mass and seats to ease stress and the beautiful skyline views that bring in natural light. It's like cruising in your own personal oasis. And if you need to set a vibe, 64 colors of personalized lighting and a bold premium sound system. Have you covered? Hands down. The all new Nissan Murano is your stress-free getaway, because sometimes the greatest rush isn't rushing at all. Drive the all new Nissan Murano today. Panoramic, moonroof, ambient lighting, bows and massaging. Leather appointed seats are optional features.


Are Your ears bored? Yeah. Yeah. Are you looking for a new podcast that will make you laugh, learn and say get Yeah. Then tune into Loca Tora Radio Season 10 today. Okay, Now that's what I call a podcast. I'm Fiosa. I'm Mala, The host of Loca Tora Radio. A radiophonic novella, Which is just a very extra way of saying a podcast. Listen to Loca Tora Radio. Season 10 on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts From.


The Producers who brought You Princess of South Beach comes a new podcast. The setup. The setup follows a lonely museum curator. But when the perfect man walks into his life, Well, I guess I'm saying I like you. You Like me. He actually is too good to be true. This is a con. I'm conning you to get the Del Painting. You could do this together. Listen to the setup on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts.


Good morning. USA Yo. Yo. Yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo, yo yo, yo Yo. Jess. Hilarious. Good morning, Charlemagne to be here in a second. And it's Thursday. Hey, how you feeling, Jess? I'm good. I'm feeling good on this Friday Eve. Friday Eve. Yeah, sure. Listen, so, you know I'm in Raleigh this weekend, right? Yep. Yo, and I'm like, I don't know why my agents book me during Dreamville Fest and it's the final one. So, you know, tickets been moving a little slow and I'm a little ski 'cause I'm not. No. You know, I, I ain't no little slouch when it comes to selling out shoes. Right. That's all I had to say. It's no ending. I'm just like, yo, so, so if you're out there, go definitely get your tickets to see Jess.


She's performing what's Friday and Saturday? Friday and Saturday. Friday and Saturday in Raleigh. Now how far is Raleigh from Charlotte? That's the Charlotte five hours. Oh wow. You knew that. Exactly. You played Out five hours. Five hours. All right. So, but Dream Real Fest is in Raleigh, right? It's in Raleigh. Yes. Right. Damn. I wish it was in Charlotte. No, No, I think it is in Charlotte. No, it's in Raleigh. It is in Raleigh. You checked it. You checked it. Oh, no. I Think he said, you gotta clarify. You gotta like clarify for me because yo, they gonna shut it down because it's the last one. Yes. It's the last one. It's the final one. So everybody who didn't get to see it before, you know all 'em Raleigh natives, they gonna come out and even though they, they treat me good when I come to the city. 'cause I'm gonna be at the improv Friday and Saturday. I'm like, yo. So now I gotta fly in tonight to do, press there tomorrow to sell out the shows or whatever.


But look, this is the crazy thing when I called the radio down there to go, 'cause you know, we brought cats outta Raleigh too. Yep. He was like, oh. I said, yeah, do y'all can get free tickets too? They was like, yeah, we going to Dreamville, but we gonna see if we, I was like, damn, even y'all going to Dreamville. And the crazy thing about it is it's an all day thing. Yes. So once I'm there all day, yes. And I gotta go home and change and then come out and Get ready for a damn show. Like, yo, come on. But it, it is good. They, they're selling. They just ain't selling out. Yeah. Well definitely go support, make sure you head out. And also, I gotta salute to everybody that's been pre-ordering real life, real family. Yeah. The book actually comes out on the week we're on vacation. So just like you guys, damn. They put the book out on Easter, Easter week. So, and we're not even here. No, we're not even here.


All the TV networks are on vacation. Damn. Yeah. So it's similar to you. So, but it is what it is. But we appreciate everybody out there for picking up pre-ordering real life, real family. It's all about raising kids. You know, we got six kids and the oldest 23 3. And we talk about everything from A-D-D-A-D-H, adhd, the the sex talk with your kids. Yeah. Potty training. So it's a, it's a gamut of a whole bunch of different things. So if you're thinking about having children, it's from two different sides. G side and how she raises the kids. And then my side, I Was just gonna ask you that. So she co-wrote it with you? Yeah, We wrote it together. Hey. Okay. We wrote it together. So we did, She did y'all beef during it. Like, no, I wanna write it like this or I wanna, you know how wives get Nah, you know what it was is, you know, I always tell people my dad is retired police officer, he's ex-military.


So he's very disciplined. Yeah. It's his way or the highway. There was no questions. Okay. And gig allows questions. Gotcha. So no, you can't go. Well, why can't I go? And she explains and breaks it down. Got it. Me. I'm like, nah, you can't go. Why? 'cause I said, so I got it. They gave it like, you should explain why you right. Nah. 'cause I said so I ain't got time. No, but it, it, it, it makes a great dynamic. Alright. Okay. Well Eli, Ellie, miss Style will be joining us this morning. Yes. He's the author of Bad Law, 10 Popular Laws that Are Ruining America. And we'll talk to him in a little bit. And then we got front page news, president Trump, a K eight, Mr. Tariffs, he's been dropping tariffs left and right. We'll talk to him next. We'll talk to Morgan about this next. And don't go anywhere. It's The Breakfast Club.


Good morning. Morning everybody. It's DJ Envy. Jess. Hilarious. Charlamagne the guy. We are The Breakfast Club. All right, now let's get in some front page news. Now congratulations to Carmelo Anthony has been elected to the basketball Hall of fame. Easy Call, first ballot Hall of Fame. Absolutely easy call man. Easy call. Now the full class of 2025 will be announced on Saturday at the men's Final four in San Antonio. So salute again to a Melo Easy call. There was never any doubt. Not at all. That's the first ball hall of fame. Okay, what Up Morgan? What up? What up, what up? And hey Baltimore, shout out Carmelo Anthony yell. Alright, so let's get into the front page news. So yeah, it's tariff Thursday.


It's tariff every day, right? So President Trump has signed new US global tariffs keeping in line with his campaign promise to saying that tariffs will end decades of unfair trade policies. So he spoke more on the order yesterday at the White House. Let's jump right into the audio and take a listen to President Trump. Today we're standing up for the American worker and we are finally putting America first. My answer is very simple. If they complain, if you want your tariff rate to be zero, then you build your product right here in America because there is no tariff if you build your plant, your product in America. So Trump blamed past leaders for trade policies that he said, were imbalanced adding that tariff stand to benefit Americans.


As you heard in that audio companies can also avoid paying tariffs if they make their products in the us. Trump spoke more on this whole tariffs thing. Let's hear more from President Trump. April 2nd, 2025 will forever be remembered as the day American industry was reborn, the day America's destiny was reclaimed. And the day that we began to make America wealthy again, our country and its taxpayers have been ripped off for more than 50 years. But it is not going to happen anymore. It's not gonna happen. So tariffs cover a wide range of products that are targeting several countries, including Canada, Mexico, China, and the European Union.


Now Trump called the reciprocal tariffs lib the day April 2nd. Yesterday. Yesterday, rec liberation day for the US after trading partners have quote, looted, pillaged and raped American industries for decades leading to a loss of US jobs and manufacturing. All countries will have an immediate 10% baseline tariff on imported goods and many are getting hit with larger tariffs. On top of that, now critics claim the reciprocal tariffs are unfair and could lead to hyperinflation. You guys have any thoughts? Yeah, the thing about the tariffs I don't understand is what is the end game here like, you know, I I, I hear him say it will end unfair trade policies, but you know, it just feels like, you know, they put taxes on us, so now we, we gonna put taxes on them and, And I guess he's trying to get people to bring manufacturing back to the us but yes.


Doesn't it just cost more to build here? Well, would would they make it cheaper to manufacture here? Like what's the benefit of building, you know, in America just zero tariffs? Well, employees are cheaper in other places too. But that, that's a good question. You know, he was talking about, you know, other people charging us tariffs as well. So he wants them to, you know, knock off their tariffs, which will knock off our tariffs. I guess that's what he's saying. But I thought he was against free trade And I, I thought he wanted more people to build here. But like you said, how can he build here? It's more expensive. Build more expensive to build here. One of the things that is striking me is the auto tariffs and how that stands to impact a lot of Americans. 'cause it's not like we make all the parts auto parts here in America. So we stand to still, even if you buy an American car, the price of that, it's still gonna go up because some of the steel, some of the materials are not made in America.


So it's just like, ah, Yeah, it still affects us. It still affects. And they're saying car prices will have to raise between three and $10,000. What it will do is it'll po it'll make used cars a premium. You know what Emini here, because you know, you won't have that extra 10,000 on your used vehicle. You know? Absolutely. And, And I, And I just don't understand how, you know, you're saying you're gonna make it easier for the American workers, but you're doing things that are going to immediately hurt those American workers financially. Yes. And this has immediate impact on the economy. Yes. Yes it does. In fact, there is a bipartisan effort to block the tariffs against Canada Republicans rep Republican, excuse me, Kentucky's Republican Senator Rand Paul is actually working with Democrat senator out of Virginia, Tim Kain, who proposed a bill that would essentially end the e emergency dec declaration put forth by the Trump administration to impose tariffs on Canada.


Now the Senate voted 51 to 48 in favor of the resolution that would block President Trump's tariffs on Canadian products yesterday. Well actually we don't have time to get it to the audio, but I will say that there are four other Republicans that supported this democratic led measure. Susan Collins of Maine, Rand Paul and Mitch McConnell of Kentucky. Lisa Murkowski of Alaska. So the re resolution authored by Virginia Democrat Tim Kane, is expected to stall in the house. However, the vote signaled bipartisan opposition on the sweeping levee. So this is, this is bigger than just whatever party you voted for. This is an American issue. Absolutely. But, but see that's the whole thing. You know, that's why we, we have all of these conversations about party and you know, everybody goes back and forth, you know, at each other 'cause you a Democrat or you're a Republican.


But once that person is in the White House, at the end of the day, we're just all Americans who are impacted by the decisions of what that president, you know, does. Like, So you Say you can scream Democrat, Republican, all you want at the end of the day, that is your president. We are Americans and we're impacted by his decisions. And that's, that's essentially what the senators were saying, that, hey look, if we could agree that we don't like this, then you know, they, we can go ahead and put some forth, some measures to combat it. And this is something that the, you know, those senators seem to agree on. Because All, because all all we care. I'm sorry Morgan. I'm all, all we care is about is American people, is, you know, keeping some money in our pocket and being safe. I don't care what your race is, your religion is, your sexuality is your agenda is, those are the two things that you care about the most.


Having some money in your pocket and being safe. That's it. Hurry it, clock it. Alright, so that's your front page news for 6:00 AM I'll talk to you guys at seven and we will get into what's going on with Elon Musk. Alright, everybody else get it off your chest. (800) 585-1051. Phone lines are wide open again. 1 805 8 5 1 0 5 1. Get it off your chest. It's The, The Breakfast Club. Good morning. The Breakfast Club. I'm Telling, I'm telling. Hey whatcha doing man? I'm telling Calling you. This is your time to get it off your chest. Whether you're mad or blessed. 805 8 5 1 0 5 1. We want to hear from you on The Breakfast Club.


Hello? Who's this? Yeah, this is Jay. Jay What up? Get it off your chest bro. Alright. I'm calling from the A 43. Hey what part of the A 43? What part of the low country you calling from? Myrtle Beach. Okay man, Luther To Myrtle Beach man y'all, y'all already coming from them fires yet? Yeah, Yeah, yeah. Sw we but sure by the grace of God. Okay. Hey speaking about these terrorists man, I didn't vote so I kind of feel like I ain't really got no say on the matter. Plus the fact that we gonna be getting taxed, you know when we dead and going, man I done came to the conclusion to realize it is what it is. I'm gonna keep pushing man. I'm in the process of getting me a car And I know that's gonna affect me in terms of the way these tariff tariffs going, but I rather ride than the walk so I'm gonna get me a car anyway.


Why didn't you vote brother? I just wondering because Charlamagne, they gonna do what they want to do anyway And I kind of feel like my vote don't matter 'cause they're gonna do what they want to do anyway. Well your vote does matter. Yeah, Yeah. I get it. I Get it. You know, and if you're looking for a call And I understand if you're looking for a call Emini here, March was the best time to do it, but it is April now. I would do your homework And I would pick call companies against each other, pit dealerships against each other. Hey, this dealership's giving it to me for 25. Can you give it to me for 23? Go back and forth. You gotta, you gonna have to use your negotiation game because them car dealerships ain't as packed as they were. Yeah, yeah, yeah. Hey, on a better ending note, Charlamagne. Yes sir. Hey, what you think about Myrtle Beach r and b Music Fest opening up with Mary j Blige and closing with Usher?


Well That sounds expensive. Yeah, Emini here. I think RB Fest will work. I think anything that can can can bring out grown folks will work. You know, Emini here, remember when Tank was up here and Tank was talking about doing the RB money awards? I think any, I think anything like that will work honestly. Yeah. Yeah. It'll work. Right. I was telling my coworkers I was gonna run it past y'all if I was able to get through. I've been going to stuff like that all my life. One of my favorite festivals ever was the Sugar Water Festival with Ery Badu, Jill Scott Flory and Queen Latifah. Lord have mercy. That was the sugar. You hear me? Not a coco Butter. Shea Butter man. Oh. Oh Shay. Alright. Hey, I appreciate y'all man. Alright. Have A good one brother. Be safe out there. Good luck.


Alright. Hello, who's this? This is Courtney. Hey Courtney. Good morning. Get it off your chest. Good Morning. I wanna get off my chest man. We gotta stop being so empathetic to these folks that be calling on this radio and for people that be doing stuff online. Charlamagne just gave that man donkey other day, the other day for leaving his kids at the McDonald's. Come to find out he wasn't even at no interview Where he was at, where He was at. Y'all. The, The police found holes, all of his story. The daughter said he left to go drop off a backpack. Video surveillance got him walking back and forth between the apartment complex they live at and the McDonald's.


They done call a bank where he was supposed to have the interview at. This man ain't even had no interview. This man was, I didn't, I didn't see none of that Certain chickens. I did hear that too. It's on the sha room. I seen somebody else say something differently that they actually spoke to the girlfriend or the, the mother, baby mother. And they said that he was at the interview. So I seen conflicting reports so I don know what's true or what's not true. What the bank, but listen, no, the bank manager, the bank manager did say that he filled out an application on the 22nd and that they had kind of like an informal conversation for like 15, 20 minutes. But I don know if this was the same day or whatever, but believe those kids for that long, he was not at an interview and the kids stayed. This ain't the first time he done left them. Yeah, I said that yesterday. I I was just like, what job interview takes almost two hours and what job interview allows you to go back and forth, you know, because because I Right, like he, the witnesses said that they saw him coming back and forth too.


Right. Man, these folks be praying in our face every day. Like when I listen to y'all in the morning, every morning somebody calling begging. It's always something going on. Like man, that's why it's hard to have empathy for folks because you just don't, you never know. You are absolutely right what you, what she just said is true. Thank you mama. It's hard to have empathy for people 'cause you just never know. And sometimes somebody will send you a GoFundMe and you'll read the story and be like, man, go f yourself. I ain't stupid. Yeah, Well you didn't call in though. I don't because she was like, people call in. He didn't call in. You just gave him donkey for a story that we, that you Read. By the way I gave him donkey just simply for leaving the kiss. Leaving your kids. You don jeopardize your child's safety in the pursuit of employment because there's no job on this planet that would make up for something happening to your child.


Get it off your chest. 805 8 5 1 0 5 1. If you need to vent, hit us up now. It's The Breakfast Club. Good morning. The Breakfast Club. It's a new day. This is your time to get it off your chest. Wake up Whether you're mad or blast, It's time To get up and get Something. Call Up now. Eight five eight five one oh five one. We wanna hear from you on The Breakfast Club. Hello? Who's this? Yo it is D 8 6 4 8 6 4. What's happening Upstate up Upstate South Carolina. What's going on Jess? When you gonna make your way down to South Carolina? I see you keep tap to tiptoeing around us. But you ain't made it down here yet.


I know right In the summer, in the late summer, like August, September. Trying to make it to Charleston. I'm trying to come to Columbia. I'm trying to, yeah, People ask me that all the time. Yeah, I'll definitely be there. I got one more thing. Like when, Hey Lauren, I know you in the background Lauren, I know you in the background. You can hear me. I've been tapped into your podcast, but I just wanted to say, could you throw a little extra stuff in? Because I know you talk about the stuff you already talked about on The Breakfast Club, but I want to hear a little bit more. Not Just say thing. You've been talking about Breakfast Club, but it's Oh shoot. You checking you. No People, I heard that And I also heard that people want it longer as well too. So I hear y'all, but I did you listen to episode three?


You just Started? Yeah, I don't listen to all of 'em. Okay. 'cause episode three we talk, we discussed the story that The Breakfast Club didn't touch. Which story was it? I got Heym. Lemme get a book signed though. I got both your audio books first. You just started, we got books up here. I'll get you a book man. You know the, the paperback from my third book. Get Honest To Die Lion came out yesterday, by the way. Lord, I get you a copy All. Hello. Who's this? Good morning DJ Ley. What's going on? What you my brother? What's up brother? Get it off your chest. Alright, listen, listen, listen. I feel like the the, there's a lot going on with this whole thing of little baby in regards to his involvement with this video being shot down.


And I feel like he's being set up and targeted because making a lot of strides that most rappers don't make. And I also noticed that a few months ago, the brother came out of Harvard and was in Harvard in classic. I think it's set up. I don't like Emini here. I want us to just be more aware and not be so fast to judge him and what's going on with him. But you know, DJJ envy you. I don't know you, you, you won't remember but I met you the day before Angela Yee her last day. You at an event in Elizabeth at at Barcode And I met you that night. You, I don't if you remember that Two years ago And I kind of clowned.


Yeah, that kind of clowned you because you know Oh yeah, yeah, Yeah, yeah. I don She had the same outfit on You remember that? Yep, yep, yep. No, You didn't change your clothes. Charlamagne God. Peace, my brother. Peace King please. Now did you get chance to go check out my trailer Mr. Show money on Instagram? No, I ain't get a chance to do more, brother. Oh man, You gonna lie to you. No, I want you to check it out. Come on man. I fixing lie to me. Yeah, yeah, yeah. I'm gonna watch it. I don crazy. Nah, nah, nah nah nah. Instagram right? Hollywood Charlamagne. That's crazy bro. No, I I I'm joking man. Messing. I'm playing. Am going, I am gonna watch it though.


I do want to say something too about the little baby completing the Harvard Business School. You know, that was just a week long program. I'm not hating, I'm just saying. Oh my. For real. No, I'm noting no, I'm in There only A week. It was a week long program. They was a week long program. He took the, a bunch of people go to it, but he still went it, he still did it. He still, you know, succeeded in the course. He took the time to five days just to go up In there. Emini here, he's little baby. He could have been doing. He could. No, because I'm just saying I know how people are about that. There's people out there that actually graduated from Harvard. Would they pissed About yo? Yeah, I thought when he said that like he meant Like Lil Baby was actually going to school. School. He Was there. It was a five day course. It was a five day course. It was a week long program at Harvard Business School. But that's how like us real HBCU grads feel about people get honorary degrees too.


Oh well y'all need to donate more money to y'all schools like we do. Damn. He He didn't even go to a class Who you No, I didn't but I don I donated a lot of money to South Carolina State by the way, speaking of that, the deadline for my scholarship is April 16th. So you need to go send your essays in the South Carolina State University so you can Oh yeah. Be eligible for a scholarship. You Give away scholarships. I sure do. That is what's up. I know that's right. Yep. Been doing that for a couple of Years. Love scholarships. Yeah, well donate some money to me. Donate some money to me. That's my mom's alma mater. I showed up for mine when you, what's up Lauren? I'm getting a little something now. What's up? The podcast only got three episodes. Time down.


8 5 8 5 1 0 5 1. Now we got the latest with Lauren coming up. We do. Kanye West just dropped the song and he let us know. Bianca, his wife did leave him and it's because of his social media rants. Mm. Yeah. All right, well we'll get to that Nexus, The Breakfast Club. Good morning. The Breakfast Club. Good morning everybody. We are The Breakfast Club. I gotta cross All T's. Dot All i's Let's get to the latest with Laura. Lauren becoming a free fish. She gets them from somebody That knows somebody. She gets the details. I'm the home girl that knows a little bit about everything And she'd be having the latest on Lord the Latest with Lauren la. Sometimes she have facts, sometimes she have details, sometimes she have a little bit of everything.


Well what's the latest on The Breakfast Club? Talk to me. Okay, so Kanye West has released a song. The song is called Bianca. This is from his new album WW three. And the song talks about Bianca leaving him because of his social media post. That Was, that was Miss Juicy from the Ricky Smiley Morning show. I already know it was. I know our voice in my head. Well the song in the song, the song That's a song that's what you wanna Call it. Yes. It's a song Want You Back. He talks about, he says that Bianca left him because of a series of tweets. He doesn't specify which exact tweets, but there's been a lot of 'em. But because of a social media rant, he says that she came to him and said, look, I need you to get help.


He says she was trying to get him committed. He said no. So she left. So he's been tracking her through like his car app and until she comes back he's not gonna sleep. He also says that he is channeling the spirit of Donda. He feels like this is an attack from people who voted for Hillary Clinton. Oh Lord. And that he feels like people are trying to kill him right now. Why Would that song bring her back though? Right? Like that ain't the song that's going to bring her back. That's the song that's gonna keep her away. That girl probably send somewhere with some clothes on. So happy and and warm. Finally. Too warm. If you want to beg, you better go call Keith Sweat and put him on a hook because that ain't it. Yeah, Well Emini here, but it confirms all of the, 'cause you guys remember there have been so many rumors about them being up and down. Like she's leaving him, the marriage is over her friends.


So it was like sources close to her friends say that like she's worried and she's blah blah blah. I think this confirms a lot of that. And what we were seeing, like when they would pop out in Tokyo, wherever they were happy after those reports was probably her just trying to make sure he was good. Very similar to what Kim Kardashian went through. I I will say, I just wanna speak for me. Go ahead. I didn't need confirmation 'cause I didn't care. Oh my, my God. I know Bianca's dad is happy though. Yeah, I'm sure Bianca Daddy wanting her out there. Yeah, absolutely. So I wonder who's in Kanye's camp now? Like who's, who's he moving with and all that now? Because it was just them two right? Academics. Oh, Absolutely. So speaking of academics posted some texts yesterday from Kanye and the texts were in response to what we talked about up here about Jay-Z not owning Kanye West Masters.


He had put that out through the academics interview and we debunked it. So there's a text where someone's like, Hey Charlamagne says Jay-Z didn't own your masters. Is that true? Kanye says, you know what, I'm not sure Charlamagne won't speak up on how those women are trafficking my black kids and thank you for po. Oh, then he thanks him for posting something about Chloe and then he says, Charlamagne won't speak up about my position on the Jews. He'll only speak against me. What if 80% of what I said is fact and 20% was opinion or something I was misinformed about? My sentiment is still the same. I'm not a N word who understands publishing and masters usage, et cetera. I always ask what's the point of owning master tapes if you don't own the tape deck?


So what does Charlemagne say? So who does Charlemagne say owns them? I'm happy I said it out loud so I can find out. N words Bend Blackball from having any legal representation. What is your problem with him? You won't speak up or speak out. I don't even know what he talking about Mr. Mental Health. But I will say this. Why would he jump out there and make those claims against Jay-Z and not even know if they're true or not? He doesn't even know who owns his catalog. He doesn't know who makes money off his catalog. Kanye just be out here talking, lying for attention and y'all eat it up. Said 80 20. Attention. It's attention. But his attorneys can find out who owns the Masters. No, he said he blackballed from legal representation. Representation. Boy you don't listen. I don listen to that part. I don't listen.


Clean your Dominican as. But the reason I say that is 'cause yesterday there was a rumor that Jay-Z sold the masters to get his masters back. Which was a rumor too. They said All of that is nonsense. Yeah It is. That's what I'm talking. You know what Else is ridiculous about them? Text messages at the top of those text messages. What did he say about Jay-Z at the very top? What did he say? Jay-Z White. A word is going too far. Remember that false idol song? How can Kanye call Jay-Z White ass who act? You act more white and seeks more white validation than Kanye freaking West. This dude is out here with White Lives Matter t-shirts on selling them on his website. Swastika T-shirts dressed up in KK k outfits and you got the nerve to call another black man white. A black man that's out here way more blacker than you.


The World is constantly changing. It's up to you to decide how to respond. Choose to be bold to try something new. Choose to reinvent yourself. That's what Nissan did with the all new totally reimagined kicks. The dynamic new exterior styling immediately announces that Nissan isn't messing around the interior. A completely redesigned cabin with premium features like wireless Apple call play and a panoramic moonroof make driving a kicks immersive and exciting. And with new performance and safety features like intelligent All-wheel drive, the kicks is both fun and safer to drive than ever before. It is the dawning of a brand new era for the Nissan Kicks. Only one question remains. Is it a new error for you as well? Drive the all new Reimagined Nissan Kicks today. Available Features compatible device service and consumer activation of Nissan Connect Services. Package required use only when safe and legal subject to third party service availability. For more information, see Nissan usa.com/connect/legal Apple CarPlay. A trademark of Apple Link Intelligent all wheel drive cannot prevent collisions or provide enhanced traction in all conditions. Always monitor traffic and weather conditions.


Hey kids, it's me, Kevin Smith and it's me, Harley Quinn Smith. That's my daughter man. Who my wife has always said is just a Beardless Dickless version of me. And that's the name of our podcast. Beardless was me. I'm the old one. I'm the young one. And every week we try to make each other laugh really hard. Sounds innocent, doesn't it? A lot of cussing, a lot of bad language. It's for adults only. Or listen to it with your kid. Could be a family show. We're not quite sure. We're still figuring it out. It's a work in progress. Listen to Beardless with me on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts.


Cyrus the great of Persia was a conqueror and he tried to increase his empire by marrying Tamaris, the widow of the king of the Masen Getti people. She refused his offer and so he decided that he would invade her kingdom instead. Turns out that was a big mistake to hear the full story of Tamara's bloody revenge. Listen to the latest episode of Noble Blood. Available now. New episodes of Noble Blood every Tuesday. Listen to Noble Blood on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts.


Something unexpected happened after Jeremy Scott confessed to killing Michelle Schofield in Bone Valley Season one. I just knew him as a kid. Long silent voices from his past came forward and He was just staring at me And they had secrets of their own to share. Gilbert King, I'm the son of Jeremy Lynn Scott. I was no longer just telling the story. I was part of it. Every time I hear about my dad is, oh, he's a killer. He's just straight evil. I was becoming the bridge between a killer and the son he'd never known. If the cops and everything would've done their job properly, my dad would've been in jail. I would've never existed. I never expected to find myself in this place. Now I need to tell you how I got here. At the end of the day, I'm literally a son of a killer Bone Valley season two. Jeremy, Jeremy, I want to tell you something. Listen to new episodes of Bone Valley season two, starting April 9th on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts. And to hear the entire new season ad free with exclusive content starting April 9th, subscribe to Lava for Good Plus on Apple Podcasts


With a beautiful black wife and black family. Well y'all just be letting these niggas get away with anything and eating it up. It's ridiculous. I've never seen Jay-Z's ass, so I can't tell you the color of Jay-Z's. Damn what Jay-Z has gotta do with this. He said Jay-Z's as is white. White. He said white as you Can say. S shut up man. Yeah, I would expect a white man. I would expect another white man to say that. Come he a Dominican white man. He is a Dominican. I'm black. No you not. Yes I am. No, I am you black. Show me your birth certificate right now. His butt certificate. Birth Certific. Okay, y'all are Certificate. Y'all just, y'all wanna be gay. This one is. So we Wanna Be gay. I swear to God. Not first of of gay. It is young and May birthday. Yes It is. There's a birthday cake out. They wanna deal the the time right now.


What? Oh my God. Jess, why you get so hype when you said that though? I love Young Ma. Okay, she remind me of Jim Jones. You already have a man girl, relax, happy. What is going On here? Happy birthday Young in Ma. What is going, I'm sorry. She Show Jim Jones vibe For nothing. Drop on the coose bombs for young. Now you gonna drop a bomb for, Can you pull up a young inmate song? At least Go like You said, young and Mary Minor Jim Jones. Yes. What is going on here? All right. That's the latest Lord. I'm sorry Lauren, I'm sorry you couldn't get Through it all. I just want her to enjoy her birthday. Alright, When we come back, we got front page.


You know what to do. No, I actually don't Matter. I don, but I she raps. I'm sure she could talk me through it. You got it. All right. Alright. Up next we got front page news. It's The Breakfast Club. Good morning, Wake up. Wake Up. You're locked into The Breakfast Club. Morning Everybody, it's Dean, DJ j Envy, Jess, Hilarious. Charlamagne the guy. We are The Breakfast Club. Let's get back in some front page news again. We gotta congratulate Carmelo Anthony. He has been elected to the basketball Hall of Fame. Easy call man. First hall of Famer, man. Shalu. Melo. Absolutely. And also the NBA is looking into John Morant. They believe so he might've been using his hands and arms to mimic a shoot, like shooting a gun toward the Golden State Warriors bench in Tuesday's game.


So they looking into that. What? Well, you know, they don't like you using a gun stuff and pointing fingers and stuff like that. They need to change the language and stop saying, shoot, he shot the ball. He's shooting. I don't like, who cares? Like, you know what bothers me about that? What? Steph Curry had 52 points in that game. 12 three pointers. And that's what we talking about. Hey, N B's doing investigation. What's up Morgan? So Elon Musk, he will likely be stepping back from his role in the Trump administration. The reports come after the tech billionaire. Super Pac spent millions in a losing effort to get their Republican backed candidate on the Wisconsin Supreme Court. Musk has repeatedly said he'll leave his position at Doge, the Department of Government efficiency within his 130 day mandate as a non-governmental employee.


So if you're not a elected official or a non-government employee, you're just a special employee by the government. Well, you only have 130 days to work. So that sentiment was backed up by the White House spokesperson, Caroline Levitt, who called the reports garbage. But you know, Elon Musk is essentially standing to be done with all of this at his 130 days. You guys have any thoughts on that? Yeah, I never understood why Elon wanted to be on the front lines anyway. Like when you look at, you know, how it's impacting his business, when you look at how it's impacting Tesla, like the sales of plummeting and the stocks are dropping, I never understood why he just couldn't be like every other oligarch and, you know, donate to these campaigns and be the puppet master in the shadows. I never understood why he wanted to be all up in the videos all up on the records dancing, but when he, I just never understood it.


But when he First did, maybe It backfired. Well, yeah, 'cause I thought when he first did it, I thought that the, the valuation of his company shot in the air crazy. But then I guess all the other f she been doing it just shot right back down. But I thought at first it was like a good move for Tesla. But the people who buy these Teslas mostly are liberals. Liberals are the ones who care about climate change and the electric cars and all of that. Yep. So like, you know, you, you get so tied in with maga, but they always say that if you a businessman, you know, don't get so entrenched in, you know, any one political side 'cause what Michael Jordan say, but Republicans, Democrat, like every Democrat, Republicans and Democrats both buy sneakers. Yeah. It, it's giving, he was bored or something, you know. But yeah, we will see what Uhuh ends up happening with after Shit did what every other rich man does when they get bored.


Go gay. What? What, What? Nothing. I'm sorry. Alright. Right. Go gay. That's crazy. Geez. Oh my goodness. You can't wait to, I'm like, you, you, you know, you know from experience. We just, I've heard things. Alright guys, I'm going to bring things home to you in New York. New York City Mayor Eric Adams, he's praising the dismissal of the corruption case that was against him thanking his legal team. Adam said he's happy that he can focus on the city and the city's future and finally move on. He's also apologizing to New Yorkers for having to go through this with him. Let's take a listen to New York City Mayor Eric Adams. Let me be clear, as I've said all along this case should have never, should have never been brought And I did nothing wrong.


I'm now happy that our city can finally close the book on this and focus solely on the future of our grace city. So a federal judge issued the decision on Wednesday morning to toss the case with prejudice, meaning it can't be brought back to court this week's, this is weeks after the DOJ ordered the case to be dropped. And just one day after Adams is re required to file documents to appear on the democratic mayoral primary ballot, which I believe you guys election day is in June. Right? So yeah, it looks like you guys are gonna be gearing up for that New York election. You know, Mo you you should go listen to Eric Adams on my guy Andrew Sholtz podcast Flagrant like he talks, he says he feels like he was targeted by the Biden administration.


'cause he spoke out against the, the, the, the, the migrant issue. And he said that he feels like there's a permanent government that is in control, like a permanent government, that regardless of what happens in elections or who who looks like the figurehead, he said he feels like there's a permanent government that's really in control. I just thought that was interesting for a sitting mayor to say stuff like that. And, and but that was prior to his charges being Yeah, yeah. Prior to the charges being dropped. Yeah. Yeah. Oh, I'd be curious to hear from Mayor Eric Adams tap in, you know, how you feel about that now, Emini here, do you still feel that's the case being that your charges were dropped? A lot of people are saying that, you know, all of this is happening because he was kind of chummy with the Trump administration or that he, you know, was working with the Trump administration. So, you know, I don't know. We'll, we will continue to see, watch that situation and see, see or hopefully that particular situation, there is a close book on his particular case.


But you know, I know he's still running for mayor. So we will follow that story and bringing things home to here in the DNV or in DC So former President Obama is apologizing for his surprise appearance in a family photo. Y'all, he photo bombed this family. He was taking a walk on Monday to the Cherry Blossoms, which you know, are the cherry trees down here that were a gift from Japan down in the title basin when he strolled into a series of pictures being taken of the Moore's family's young two children. Now, the mom, Pamela Moore was focused on corralling the kids because there's no railing and it's, you know, near the water. So they were like making sure that the kids weren't walking towards the water or anything like that. But dad was like, whoa, is that Obama?


Is that Obama is that Obama? And then when the mom finally, you know, got the shots done and all of these things, she finally surfaced and was like, okay, what were you saying? And yeah, it was Obama clear as day, let's take a listen to the mom Pamela, or excuse me, Pamela Moore in that incident. And My husband's like, that's Obama. I didn't know he was saying. I'm like, yeah, whatever. I'm making sure Preston, I'm looking at Preston right now after they're done with their, their shoot, I then picked Preston up and I'm like, what did you Just say? He's like, that's Obama. I was like, what? And I was like, well, did we get a picture? And then we went to the photographer and like she scrolled back and we were like, we saw, we're like, we Got it. Hey, why do you apologize? I need to see.


So he Basically, he wasn't a real, it wasn't a real apology. He basically found, you know, caught wind of what happened and sent a message to the kids. It's a black family. Is he? It's a black family. Yeah, it was a black family. He said Preston and Bell. I hope you enjoyed peak bloom. My bad was stepping into the shot. He wasn't like a, a whole issue apology from like a presidential, but it was just like, hey, my bad, that's Obama, my president Obama. If you got caught out there with your second family, Just say that you clown. Nah, nah, nah, nah, nah, nah. That don't look like no photo bomb to me. Walking look like a nice family stroke. Nah, nah, nah. Barry, yo. You see how it's, they con was too clean Be out themselves.


The only controversy that man had was a different color Suit. And now Charm ain't gonna say you got a different Family. My daddy had a second family. I know what that looked Like. Yo man, Eight years of no scandal, right? No family type scandals. Oh man. Thank You. Alright y'all, that's your pro page news. Follow me on socials at Morgan Media for more news coverage, follow at Black Information Network. Download the free iHeart radio app and visit us@bnnews.com. Thank y'all. If you haven't seen a picture, I'm sure The Breakfast Club will post a picture so you guys could actually see it. All right, when we come back, we have Ellie Al joining us. He's the author of Bad Law, 10 Popular Laws that Are Ruined in America. You're not gonna miss this. It's The Breakfast Club. Good morning. The Breakfast Club Morning everybody.


It's DJ Envy. Jess, Hilarious. Charlemagne the guy. We are The Breakfast Club. We got a special guest in the building. They Call him Big Ellie. The reason I, I don't wanna mess with your last name is my style. It's Ms. Stall rhymes with christal And I made that up myself. I leave stall. All The kids used to say Ellie rhymes with jelly And I didn't like that at all. So It's color. So welcome new book out. Bad law Man. First of all, Ellie, you know, you one of my favorite people to listen to. I love reading your work in the nation. I started reading a lot more of your stuff a few years ago when I realized the constitution didn't mean much. Okay. Not us anymore, right? So I'm glad you're here. What got you into studying constitutional law?


Well, I went to law school. Okay. And I hated it. I went to Harvard Law School and part of the legal training is like, they, they say that they're gonna make you think like a lawyer, right? So what that means is that they take the way you think, which was fine to me, and they break you and then they try to build you back up in this new like, legal way of understanding The World. And I just never accepted the training. I like at every point when you're telling me that, like, oh well this is how it's always been done. I'm always like by the slaves. Hmm. And I should care about that. Why? And just so was a constant while I was in law school, like back and forth in terms of my professors trying to kind of push me in a certain box and me resisting that box and not, you know, not all of my professors, I, one of my professors was current Supreme Court Justice Elena Kagan, she was great, right?


But I would go to her office hours and be like, why is this like this? And she would say, Thurgood Marshall once said, it's like I don't give a damn what Thurgood said. He was talking for a different time. What about our time? And so these were the conversations I had all the time. And that led to my first book and certainly my career in general. And that's why you feel like all laws before 1965 should be deemed unconstitutional. I said presumptively unconstitutional, which is a legal dodge. I'm, I'm trying to lawyer my way around that. But my fundamental premise is that before the 1965 Voting Rights Act, which I think is the most important piece of legislation ever passed in American history, this was functionally apartheid country. Not everybody who lived here could vote here.


Not everybody who lived here could participate in the government here. The majority of people who lived here, if you think about not just black people, but also Latinos and also women couldn't actually participate in the government. What do you call that? We have a word for that. It's that word is apartheid. And so if you're now gonna say that we passed some law before everybody had a say before everybody had a vote and that law, it should still be controlling today, I say hell no. Right? Right. It's like the Roy breaker from lock stock, right? If the milk sour, I ain't the type of to drink it, right? So if you're gonna go all the way back before everybody had had a vote, I'm saying that presumptively speaking, that law should mean nothing.


Now, I'm not saying that you get rid of every single law passed before 1965. Some of them I quite like. Like the 1964 Civil Rights Act, that was a good law. I also like the Sherman Antitrust Act. I like a lot of laws that were passed before 1965. But my argument is that if we like the law, we could pass it again. We could pass it again this time asking everybody. And for that example, I didn't make that up by South, right? The example that I'm using here is what they did in South Africa, right? When South Africa got over apartheid, did they just go back to their Africana racist constitution, be like, oh, we just need a couple amendments. We just need a couple of changes here to make it work. No, they threw the whole thing out and started again this time asking everybody, wow, this time having a completely new delegation of all of the people of South Africa.


Not just the white folks, but not no white folks. And they came up with a new constitution. One of the reasons why the South African constitution is generally thought of as one of the best constitutions in The World. And ours continues to be a piece of crap. Mm. We're talking to Ellie, my style, a new book out now. Bad Law, 10 popular Laws that Are Ruining America. And you talk about chapter three, ah, who gave away the skies to the airline. Now I just want you to know, Jess and myself, were reading some of your chapter titles. Yes, we love 'em. We gotta go through a lot of 'em. There's a couple at that. Me and her were talking and we would like, absolutely. These would be good if we were on edibles. But go, Do y'all like flying? Yes. Yeah. Do you love flying? I do. I You like flying.


I hate flying. It is like the worst. It, it is always the worst day of my life. Why? Well, I'm fat so I gotta, I gotta squeeze myself into a small seat that ain't built for me. I got somebody's, you know, seat back fall right into my lap. I can't eat nothing. The Seatbelt extender, Right? I gotta get I the most embarrassing moment of my life every time I have to do it. Yeah ma'am, can I have a seatbelt extender? I'm a fatty please. And then I have to, right? And then I like cry on the inside, right? The food expenses of the liquor sucks. The service sucks. I'm always delayed. My bags get lost. It is miserable. It didn't always used to be this way. Flying used to be awesome, spacious seats, good service kind people.


And they weren't nickel and dimming you at every point. And what the reason why it used to be great and now it's not, is this thing called deregulation. The idea, the airline industry used to be one of the most heavily regulated industries in the country. That makes a lot of sense because we're putting metal in the sky and hoping it comes down at a survivable R rate. That's crazy. Mm. So what used to be one of the most heavily regulated industries in the country with literal price fixing, literally they could, they, the government set the maximum price that you could charge for certain routes. And I know conservatives, Republicans, even a lot of Democrats are like price fixing. That's terrible.


That stops innovation. No, it doesn't. It makes flying a public service and it makes it easy for people to get around the country. FDR thought it was a war plan, thought it was part of our mobilization plan for war to have reliable, cheap and AC an accessible commercial air flight. Right? Democrats and Republicans gave the skies away literally to corporate Raiders in the 1970s. Now when I started researching this book, I actually assumed that this was a Ronald Reagan program because most, you know, I don know about your process. My process is usually like if I see something bad, show me the Republicans, right? Show me what Reagan did. 'cause I'm sure it's his fucked.


And there's always a mustache twirling Republican, you know, behind every curtain. But for this particular issue, this Republican plan to deregulate the airlines and let corporate, let the market decide how we fly, as opposed to the government that was spearheaded by the Democrats. And as I did the research Democrats that we all know kept coming up, Joe Biden, Ted Kennedy, huge in this deregulation. Stephen Breyer, one of the democratic appointees of the Supreme Court. For a long time there were all of these Democrats that like got sucked in Ralph Nader, right? Got sucked into the gospel of deregulation. And once they did it, once the Republicans, I would say snow, snow job, the Democrats into this thing, the first thing that happened when they gave away the airlines is the thing that has, that has killed the Democratic Party for my entire lifetime.


This, the Airline Deregulation Act came out in 1978. I was born in 1978 for my entire lifeline. Labor got gutted. Airline jobs used to be good jobs, baggage handlers and flight attendants and pilots. Pilots used to be one of the best jobs you could get. And with market forces, with deregulation, those good jobs got slashed, right? And then you go into the Reagan era where Reagan's like social safety net, ha ha ha, here's a big old hole I'm cutting in your social safety net. And people fell from good middle class jobs straight through down to the bottom and they've never forgiven the Democrats for it. See, that's the, that's the thing that that, that I think the Democratic Party didn't kind of realize when you cut labor, labor used to vote for Democrats consistently.


Right? Not just black labor, white labor, white working class laborers used to vote for Democrats, but once the market controlled everything, Democrats weren't helping them. And that's how they became, I believe it's part of the reason why they became obsessed with their cultural issues as opposed to their economic issues. 'cause they felt like they weren't gonna get ahead economically anyway. Right. And if you tell people like, you're not gonna get ahead economically, you're gonna be poor. You're gonna be struggling, but you're gonna be better off than that black person over there. That's right. They're gonna be like, okay, sign me up Trump. Like, that's, that's how it happens. You get, you tell white folks that they're gonna have nothing, but they're gonna have a little bit more than black folks and white folks will sign up. All right, we got more with Ellie Mess style when we come back.


Don't move. It's The Breakfast Club. Good morning. Morning everybody. It's DJ Envy, Jess. Hilarious. Charlamagne the guy. We are The Breakfast Club. We're still kicking it with Ellie Mess style. The author of Bad Law. Now you got a question, right? This chapter nine. Why can't we say gay? What are we supposed to say? So, you know, As I'm sure most of your listeners are aware of, I could have written the whole book, just Bad Law in Florida. Like you guys, Yeah. You can just go gone through the Florida claim. This is terrible. This is, this is just racist. This is stupid. Right? I focused on the Florida Don't say gay law because it is so particularly oppressive and stupid. The law says that you cannot teach about gender difference, sexuality differences, transgender issues.


You can't say any of those words to school children. Right? And if you talk to certain kinds of conservatives who are like, well that's fine. Why does, why does a third grader need to learn about gay people? Why can't they just learn about reading, writing? Right? And I'm like, do y'all have third graders? Like do I, I got a 12-year-old and a 9-year-old. Right? They talk about all this stuff, not in a kind of lascivious sexual way, but they're interested in in who, in, in how these things work. They see, See? Right. They see it. And I wonder though, would they be if they weren't taught about it in schools or showing it on television? Yeah. 'cause they just see it in their daily lives. Right? And so I use the example, if I, if I'm a school teacher and I'm, you know, I, I've got my wife And I have a picture of me and my wife on my desk at school, the kids see that it's me and my wife, right?


That it's a man and a woman. Right? If I'm a gay school teacher And I have a picture of me and my husband on the desk, they see that that's different. Right? They see that it's a man and a man and they might have a question about that. And in Florida, I'm not allowed to say Why. And so you act like it. People act like it's neutral, but it's not. It is, what's the scholars call heteronormative. It's pushing the man and the woman. That's the normal way of doing it. And the man and the man or the woman and woman. That's just crazy and weird when you could Just say like, oh, that's my husband. Anyway, back to math. So What do you think about, you know, Trump's transgender bill Ware, it's just two genders, this and the other. What, what is your thoughts on that? It's, it's, again, biologically it's not true.


There are people who are different. That's just a biological fact. We can pretend people are, people think that, is it Biological or neurological? Man? I don't know. I'm not a Scientist because I said neurological. Because you, because you can think you're in the wrong body. But I'm not gonna, that's not biologically the fact, man. I don know biologically it's men and women. I, I I, no, I I don't think that's right. I think that there are, I I I, again, there's Something other than man and who You have aliens As I see now you're, you're pushing me into don't say gay, you're, you're getting me away from the law. But I'm just, I'm, I'm just asking As I understand it, there are people who are born with female hormones in male bodies.


Right. Or vice versa. And they want to express how they feel inside as opposed to how they look on the outside. But I think the larger point is not just that, I don't know. The larger point is, I don't care. There you go. There you go. There You go. Yeah. It's not me. I'm the way that I am. Right. I don't care how it doesn't affect me. Just somebody else being trans doesn't make me think, oh man, maybe I should, maybe I should be trans. I always wanted to wear nice hats. Like that's not, like, that's not how my whatever. Yeah, yeah, yeah. I, I tell a story in the, in in the book about in my kids' class, one of, one of the kids in my younger kids' class came out as a boy after being a girl.


At what age? I wanna say eight. And you know, the parents were just like, how does one really, how's that? The kids were just like, yeah, whatever. It's ramsey's now. It used to be Cleopatra, it's Ramsey's now He's Cool. And then if I'm your mom, I'm like, no, I named you Corey. How are you just gonna come up and be Shakira today? But We gotta think about that. But, but, but that's between, that's between Ramsey's and, and his mom and the mom. Okay. That's not between me and Ram. That's not, that's not between the school and the kid. I don't have a say, but it kind of does Because what, What did the school call him or her? You know what Emini here? Because if your mama named you Corey, and now you, you saying, I don't wanna be called Corey. I wanna be called Shameika. So now if the school is supposed to call you Shamika, I don't Think Angel should Be making that decision, man.


I go to I, my kids go to a progressive school where like if my kid came in and said I wanna be called ketchup today, they would call him ketchup. They would call him what the kid wants to be called. And I think that's just the natural thing to do. If somebody comes and tells you their name, you say their name. Right? You don't say, actually you are Cassius Clay. No. You say you wanna be Muhammad Ali today. Guess what? You get to be Muhammad Ali. So if That kid goes to school and say I'm Batman, they gonna call This kid Batman. They're gonna call my kid back. But see, I think That's a little different. We're talking about a name, is it? Yeah. Because if, if I say yes, this is my name, you call me my name. But if I say I am ketchup And I just stand still and when hot dogs come around, ketchup coming out my head, he's different. That's just a little different. See I disagree. I don't think Ramseys does anything different in school.


Now he's Ramsey then he did when he was Cleopatra. I don't think that there's any, doesn't learn differently. Doesn't eat lunch in A d might go different. He might start going to different bathrooms. Might start going, Which make other women, which make women uncomfortable. Tell the kids uncomfortable. Yeah. The other 8-year-old girls, Alright, they're only eight. Ellie, Do you, do you know how uncomfortable kids are in bathrooms as they hit puberty generally? So now you send a little boy in. Yeah. But now it was into A private stall. But You gotta walk past the sinks and other dudes into, before you get to the private stall, a private stall. And it's like, what you doing here? Shameek? You know Shaka? Yeah. You have daughter, you have daughters and sons. Sons. All right. So your sons will not get naked in front of your wife and and other women. But he will do it in front of you. Correct. If you have to change or if it's something like that.


She, so now imagine a girl going into a a boy's bathroom where urinal, he's gonna feel uncomfortable. It's gonna make him feel awkward, don't you think? And even more uncomfortable than he would then, you know? So we were at city field and my boy going on the urinal and my boy just drops T trout doesn't use the fly, doesn't like just drops trou to his ankles and just takes a pee. Now I was uncomfortable. I was like, that's that. How was you raised? Oh wait, that was me. Like how did that Happen? Right? And I was like, maybe you should pull, you know when you do, he's like, oh why it's my butt why I was peeing. And I was like, alright son. He Definitely sounds like your son. That's a fair point, right? Yeah. Like people will get over it.


People, people will learn. And again, we're talking about this from the perspective of making things more comfortable for the heteronormative kids in the school. We also should be talking about this in terms of making things more comfortable for the trans kids in the school. Because as much as we might say it might be uncomfortable for the trans girl in the girls' bathroom, for the other girls. Imagine how uncomfortable it is for the trans girl in the boys' bathroom as they hit puberty. And then we know, and again, this is not me making it up. We know statistically speaking that trans women are the most likely people to be brutalized, to be murdered, to be beaten up, to be victims of domestic violence in this country. So if you're telling me that we can potentially save some trans kids from that fate and the cost is that some girls have to be a little bit uncomfortable in a bathroom at a high school, that is a tray that I am willing to make.


And that is a tray that I think society should be willing to make. I respect everybody's right to live. But I don't wanna have this conversation no more. Like you said, what you said earlier is true. I don't care. Yeah. How y'all lost the last election. Like Not just one of your favorite people. You like to listen to 'em. I do. So yeah, I just don't like this one. You listen, take it. Take them all comes you like to do Only, only, I don't even, can I just Get back to the law just really quickly please. Just very closely on the law of this. The idea that we can discriminate against trans people but nobody else doesn't make sense legally. Right? If we're gonna have a law that treats everybody equal under, under the law, then we have to treat trans people with the same kind of respect and decency that we treat everybody else. And once you start trying to poke holes in that, you see they're not stopping at trans, they're going right to gay, they're going right to all these other things.


Right? The chapter. It says the Chapter, you can't say Gay, this is our now we can't say trans Now we can't say trans now we can't say say all these other things, right? So again, from a legal standpoint, equality, you Going drop your trousers, you going, You pee right here just out and just pee right here. We not uncomfortable at all. That's we, we we gotta, we are revolved, right? Yeah. So yeah. So just legally speaking, the easiest thing in the law is just to treat everybody. I gotcha. All right. Right. We got more with Ellie Mess style when we come back, the author of Bad Law, it's The Breakfast Club. Good morning. Morning everybody. It's DJ Envy, Jess, Hilarious Charlamagne mc God we are The Breakfast Club. We have author of Bad Law, Ellie Mess Style joining us 10 popular laws that are Ruining America Charlamagne.


Why Are people so nonchalantly discussing Trump getting a third term? Well here's the thing, he can't constitutionally, but what he can't do and what he can do are two very different things. That's right. Right? That's right. If you understand that we live in a fascist dictatorship and we do, this is what it feels like. I know that the New York Times hasn't said today, fascism started, but like it started, right? This is we are now living in a fascist dictatorship. And so when you tell the fascist dictator, Hey, you can't do this legally. Ah, I might be right but he might not care. So if you're asking me about the law, no there is at the 22nd Amendment is ironclad on this issue.


There is no wiggle room. You cannot serve, you cannot be elected president more than twice. Doesn't matter if your terms were consecutive or non-consecutive. They were very clear at what they wanted to do when they wrote that amendment. It's one of the most clear amendments in the entire Constitution that said, Trump is a fascist dictator. My man lost the 2020 election and attacked the capitol and came this close to overturning that election. So who's to say that he can't do it again? Who's to say that he can't be successful in doing it the next time? Right? Like so we, we can't b blindly say that he can't do something just because he's legally prevented from doing something he's already shown. Yeah.


Doesn't actually give a damn about what he's legally prevented from doing. Yeah. So can I make a case for how he'll do it? Sure. I can make, I like to say one of the things that makes me a little bit of a different legal commentator than a lot of others is that I understand what, why people are capable of. Mm. I've never forgotten what white people are capable of in this country. And if you wanna tell me that Trump is gonna run for a third term and has a way to win it, I can tell you how he does it. He gets himself, 'cause remember we don't have one federal election system in this country. We have 50. So all he has to do is get himself on the ballot in red states that are already capitulating to him enough red states to get to 270 votes. The ballot process is controlled by the states, not by the federal government.


Wow. You can say, well, like he shouldn't be kicked off the ballot, but he should have been kicked off the ballot last time 'cause he was in violation of the 14th Amendment. Whether the Supreme Court do, oh no, we shouldn't decide such things. It should be up to this 14th amendment. He should have been kicked off last time, but the Supreme Court didn't step in. Will they step in next time? I don't know. So With Al Sharpton and everybody saying is BS that that can't happen, that's untrue. It can, No, I it's not bs it can't happen legally. Got you. But let's not fool ourselves to think that Trump is not willing to act illegally. Gotcha. Right. He can illegally get himself on the ballot. He can illegally get himself to some version of 270 votes and he can illegally declare that he is still the President and who's gonna check him Boo.


Yeah. Who's Gonna actually stop him from doing that? Right. It won't be the Supreme Court. I love the article you wrote for the nation called It's Impossible to overstate the damage done by the Supreme Court. Do you think the Supreme Court would back him in something like that? I don't know. Wow. I not only do I not know that they would back him if they don't, I don't know that he would follow their order. Yeah. There's, there's been no evidence that Trump is gonna follow a Supreme Court order that he doesn't like. And more to the point, there's been absolutely no evidence that he's going to enforce a Supreme Court order on the co-president Elon Musk that he doesn't like. So even if the Supreme Court stands up to him, and I'm putting that in air quotes, there's no evidence that he'll actually listen to them. 'cause he control anything that he controls the physical power of.


And I, And I think people really under have to understand this in a kind of chest thumping way. Like if he physically controls it, if 'cause he physically controls the army, he physically controls the paramilitary, he physically controls the secret police. If he physically can control something, he doesn't have to listen to nobody. Legal illegal doesn't actually matter to him if he has physical control now, if he only has control because he's gotta get other people to do his bidding in the states in the localities. That's a place where the Supreme Court can kind of step in and and maybe show some spine. Right? So if you think about these lawsuits that he has in New York against like Kathie Hoel, if it's a situation where like he has to force Kath Hoel to do something and Kathie Hoel says no and the Supreme Court says no, well then I don't think Trump can't force her to do it unless he's literally willing to put, you know, boots on the gw.


Which he might, but you know, then we'd have some real traffic problems in Fort Lee. But if it's something that he has complete physical control over, I see no evidence of him actually following the Supreme Court order. Is there anything that you feel like this presidency has done good at all? Or is everything bad? Not one thing because there is not one thing that fascism does well and if I give them that credit, I legitimize all of it. It's one of the reasons why I was so angry at Schumer's capitulation on the budget deal. If you say that you can work with these people here, there and whatever, what you're fundamentally saying is that you just have a little bit of a disagreement on this, that and the other thing. You're not actually fighting fascism, you're just playing normal bull partisan politics.


Right. From my perspective, Trump is a fascist threat to the country. Nothing he do can be o can be. Okay. And I wanted to said that about other Republicans. I wanted to said that about Mitt Romney or John McCain or even w Dick Cheney. Different but, but even w right? You could find some things that you could work together with those people on because they were fundamentally democratic presidents. Emini here Democratic with a small D right? Presidents who believed in democracy Don't get gay. Oh we can't say gay. Oh we're in New York. We're in New York. Don't get gay. 'cause you said small D and they was just thinking of small penises. No we weren't that y'all were What wrong with you Jess? I just got a couple More questions. I said small D And I said Bush like in the same setting just to be candy.


But you know What was Do big, what was the significance of Cory book? Cory Booker's filibuster. One of the things that Democrats can do since they have no political power, is start building narrative. Start start building movements and start building momentum towards change. Right? One of the reasons why I wrote my book, look I wrote this before the election, before Joe Biden's first debate. I knew we were in trouble by the time, you know, while I was writing it, I, I was under no illusions. But I kept writing it And I kept thinking that this would be a good time to release it. Because from my perspective, if we lost this book then becomes my first attempt to write project 2029. Ooh, I love That. These people are out here writing project 2025.


When did they start writing that in 2021 when they had no power, when they had no political power whatsoever, that's when they started their plans for this current MAGA revolution. So from my perspective, this is the time when we have no power that we need to actually start thinking bigger and start thinking more actively. Right? When Republicans come into office, they come in with a sledgehammer and they smash things. Smash things that I hold dear smash things that I care about right? When Democrats come into office, we come in with like super glue and tape and we're gonna like put the base back together to make, we gotta smash some things. My book is about what we can smash. What Corey was doing is that same kind of idea of building momentum to something bigger.


And that is the best use of democratic power at this point. 'cause


The World is constantly changing. It's up to you to decide how to respond. Choose to be bold to try something new. Choose to reinvent yourself. That's what Nissan did with the all new totally reimagined kicks. The dynamic new exterior styling immediately announces that Nissan isn't messing around the interior. A completely redesigned cabin with premium features like wireless Apple called play in a panoramic moonroof make driving a kicks immersive and exciting. And with new performance and safety features like intelligent all-wheel drive, the kicks is both fun and safer to drive than ever before. It is the dawning of a brand new era for the Nissan Kicks. Only one question remains. Is it a new era for you as well? Drive the all new reimagined Nissan Kicks today. Available Features compatible device service and consumer activation of Nissan Connect Services. Package required use only when safe and legal subject to third party service availability. For more information, see Nissan usa.com/connect/legal. Apple CarPlay is a trademark of Apple Link Intelligent all-wheel drive cannot prevent collisions or provide enhanced traction in all conditions. Always monitor traffic and weather conditions.


Hey kids, it's me, Kevin Smith and it's me, Harley Quinn Smith. That's my daughter man. Who my wife has always said is just a Beardless Dickless version of me. And that's the name of our podcast. Beardless was me. I'm the old one, I'm the young one. And every week we try to make each other laugh really hard. Sounds innocent, doesn't it? Lot of cussing, lot of bad language. It's for adults only. Or listen to it with your kid. Could be a family show. We're not quite sure. We're still figuring it out. It's a work in progress. Listen to Beardless with me on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts or wherever you get your podcasts.


Cyrus the great of Persia was a conqueror and he tried to increase his empire by marrying Tamaris, the widow of the king of the Masen Getti people. She refused his offer and so he decided that he would invade her kingdom instead. Turns out that was a big mistake to hear the full story of Tamara's bloody revenge. Listen to the latest episode of Noble Blood. Available now. New episodes of Noble Blood every Tuesday. Listen to Noble Blood on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts or wherever you get your podcasts.


Something unexpected happened after Jeremy Scott confessed to killing Michelle Schofield in Bone Valley Season one. I just knew him as a kid. Long silent voices from his past came forward And he was just staring at me And they had secrets of their own to share. Gilbert King, I'm the son of Jeremy Lynn Scott. I was no longer just telling the story. I was part of it. Every time I hear about my dad is oh he's a killer. He's just straight evil. I was becoming the bridge between a killer and the son. He'd never known If the cops and everything would've done their job properly, my dad would've been in jail. I would've never existed. I never expected to find myself in this place. Now I need to tell you how I got here. At the end of the day, I'm literally a son of a killer Bone Valley season two. Jeremy, Jeremy, I want to tell you something. Listen to new episodes of Bone Valley season two, starting April 9th on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts or wherever you get your podcasts. And to hear the entire new season ad free with exclusive content starting April 9th, subscribe to Lava for Good Plus on Apple Podcasts.


It's the only, it's the only power that they have, right? You can't actually stand up to them legally 'cause you have no authority. You can't to than Congress 'cause you have no authority. You know, I think they should be doing more than placards at the State of the Union. That was pathetic doing what Cory Booker did. Breaking racist Strom Thurman's record on the Senate floor. Like these are the narratives and stories that we can be building now so that by the time we get to 2026, I'm not even talking about 2028, tell me get to 2026 primary season. That's the fight. Whether it lasts two years or five years or 10 years or 25 years is entirely up to us. Mm. Alright, well Ellie Ell is new book. That's right. Bad law. 10 Popular Laws that Are Ruining America.


I learned a lot from you Ellie. I like reading your stuff man. You are very good at what you do. I learned A lot in this interview, so I appreciate you. Thank you. Yeah, thank you so Much. So much writing. All righty ladies and gentlemen, pick up the new book Bad Law. It's The Breakfast Club. Good morning. Morning everybody. It it's DJ Envy, Jess, Hilarious Charlamagne the guy. We are The Breakfast Club all. Let's get to the latest with Lauren. Lauren becoming a straight face Off. She gets them from somebody that Knows somebody, some she gets the details. I'm the home girl that knows a little bit about everything. She be having the latest on this. The Lord the latest with Lauren la sometimes have facts, sometimes she have details, sometimes she have a little bit of everything. What, what's the latest on The Breakfast Club?


Talk to me. So Drake just got a victory in court in the legal back and forth that he's having right now with Universal Music Group. So yesterday a judge, judge Jeanette Vargas in New York denied universal music group's request to stay discovery. So Universal Music Group was saying, yo, can you pause on this whole discovery letting us let Drake and team get into our business until we explore the motion to dismiss this whole thing that they have acts they wanted thrown out. They say it's Baz, he's just mad because he lost a rat battle, right? A judge said, well we're still gonna, you know, that motion to dismiss, it's still gonna happen and they set a date for that. But no, I think that the discovery thing can happen and should happen.


So I'm not going to say that we're gonna stop it. This is a big deal Because what Emini here now though, that Means that Drake and team can go in and do what they've been saying that they wanted to do for a very long time. They can go in, they can look at they, the contracts including things that are in relation to Kendrick Lamar, emails, phone conversations, basically just come in and get all in the business of communications and processes and operations and all of that stuff. I seen that Yesterday for UMG. So they've been able to get Con Kendrick's contract to UMG, his signing contract and his deals and all that. That sounds crazy. Well they, they haven't done it yet. They just got the go ahead to be able to move forward. And I don't know specifically which contracts they're asking for, but I think that they, I don't, I don't know why would they need a signing contract?


What did, what Did they gonna discover that they don't already know though? That machine, that the machine puts, you know, a a little extra oomph behind records that are already moving. Just like I'm sure they're doing with Nokia right now. Yeah, well It's The truth though. Like what are they gonna find out? I think what they trying to go in and find out is like any wrongdoing of the machine making oomph and all that stuff That wrong. If it's, if it's wrongdoing then it's typical record industry practices that have been going on since the beginning of time that people like Drake have benefited from that people like Kendrick have benefited from that all of their artists benefit from. But What if it's not? What if it's not none That's going to make you look crazy. Yeah, we Talked about if ain't even no foul play, nothing going on.


It's like a baseball player looking for steroids and you're like, oh this's the same stuff I've been using. Whether you, whether you, whether you know you was using it or not. Yeah, no, but to Jess's point, we talked about this on the podcast yesterday, the latest with Lauren La Rosa. I said that if, if there's nothing found, he just looks like a cry baby. Yeah, it just looks like, you know what Emini here. But if there is things found and it can be something small, like it could be one employee that happened to maybe send an Uber or send a gift or something that can Uber Emini here. 'cause there's certain you have certain rules. Kendrick Lamar getting an Uber. No, I just mean like there's uber black, there's certain rules. A big one. Not the little, there are certain rules around like bribery and you know, I'm sure I don't know all the rules when it comes to radio, but I know like just, But that's not gonna be in a contract. And the sad thing about it is that's Not gonna be in the contract.


But you look at the Table's, not just contracts though. He's stupid. It's not just contract but, but if you look at a judge, does the judge know exactly about the music industry to see what he's giving permission for? Mm. Like giving, giving up Kendrick's contract And I don't know what's in Kendrick's contract, but giving up how much money he's making and the money that's spent. That's nobody's business but Kendrick and his label, like why would that want to go to somebody else? You know, Emini Here. But that's only one part of it. And I think once we see which contracts they pull and which information they focus on, what we can kind of better understand, you know, why they did that. Another part of it was, remember they talked about the bots or whatever that they said they alleged that Kendrick was a now a Drake, The same bots that have been used for all artists. All Drake is going to expose his secrets that have helped him too.


And I don't even know if they're secrets to be honest with you. Are they secrets or is that just record, standard record business practices at this Point? I thought it was standard record business practices, All this stuff. The bots to everything. What we talking About, the bots don't matter no more because Drake's team yesterday in the court said that they've exchanged some, you know, letters back and forth and they're, they're withdrawing those claims. They're gonna focus on other stuff. They, they really are trying to think, figure out the, the bigger picture of this. It's like the money that was put into bigger things, not, yeah, a few random boxes, whatever. But that's, They looking for the money that's put into Spotify. Yeah, that's put in into streaming service. That's put in the radio, that's put in the tv. That's what they're looking To see. The same money that's been putting in put into Drake for the last decade. What are we talking, why is like, come on, why like they use Are streaming for farms is what they backed away from yesterday. You Think all artists haven't been beneficiaries of that 'cause of these labels?


Why we acting clueless here? People, Well, Drake's lawyer spoke out yesterday when this was released. There was a, a short press release and at the bottom he had a one line statement. He said, now it's time to see what UMG was so desperately trying to hide. Mm. Now I did reach out to UMG for a comment on this and have not heard back yet. I don't think M g's trying to hide. I think MG doesn't wanna have to open the books for this artist. So then they have to do it for, for every other artists. So they're just trying to protect UMG. I don't think they have anything to hide because married and somebody else Back, I think they, well maybe Drake needs to see this for his own good 'cause maybe he thinks twosie slide really went number one 'cause it was a good record and that record was trash. Maybe he thinks slime you out went number one because it was a good record and that record was also tracked. Signed you out when number one after we talked about it in here. I remember that. I don't remember any of that.


I do but all I'm simply saying is maybe he needs to see that for his own benefit. 'cause you've been a beneficiary of these performance enhancing drugs as well. Well UMGA actually they're arguing that the whole discovery evidence gathering process would be premature. It would impose undue burdens on them, especially given the potential that the case could be dismissed. So they're saying we don't mind it discovery but just wait, let's have the dismissal conversation first because which makes sense if it's gonna be dismissed, why we gotta put all these resources and time and energy to do all this. So we'll see what happens. Nobody's winning but the lawyers period. So you got Two niggas. Oh I got another. Okay, another one. Yeah. So Young Thug yesterday there was a motion filed by the state of Georgia to revoke young thug's probation Jesus.


Yes. So the motion filed in Fulton County, a superior court yesterday claimed that young thug demonstrated a blatant disregard for the law, the safety of the witnesses and the integrity of the judicial proceedings because he posted a nine now deleted photo online of one of the Fulton County investigators. Her name is Marissa ett. So she was testifying this week during the YSL trial and in in relation to the, remember those, those the little boys that were shot that we talked about, the 13-year-old little boys. Yeah. In relation to all that stuff. And the court basically had barred video photos, all of that stuff. And Thug posted the photo. He called her the biggest liar in the DA's office.


And she's saying that because of that she's received threats. Her family has received threats. There's people flooding her comments there a ton of basically like she feels like she's in danger because of that. So they're saying this presents a clear and present danger to public safety and it's at the hands of Young Thug, which is should be a violation of his probation. Now Thug came out 'cause he deleted all these tweets, but he came out and said, I don't make threats to people. I'm a good person. I would never condone anyone threatening anyone or definitely participating in any of the above. I'm all about peace of love. The thug. Gotta be careful. I Don't even know why he tweeting about stuff like this. He tweeted about the young Scooter. 15 years probation. 15 years probation.


They will do everything in their power to try to lock him back up. He has to be very, very Careful. Yeah. Why do, why do people care about social media so much? Yeah. What is the allure? Social media. 'cause even if you're thinking that in your head, why run to X or whatever to post that. Like there's gotta be something in you that says that's just not a smart thing to do. Nah. Not when he has 15 years probation and they will try anything to lock his as ass back up. They can't up. Yeah. Yeah. I don't, I don't smarter Thant understand. I would be so scared to even, I wouldn't even, I don't even walk by the court if I'm the like across the street. Don't even take me in the vicinity. Don't got no reason to be mentioning them people publicly. Nah, not at all. At All. Yeah. Well, we'll have to see what happens with this because if they do determine that this was a violation or there was a threat or whatever, there can be consequences.


So Jesus And you know they already mad that he got away. Yes. For for the most part. Emini here, even though they got him on probation for the next 15 years, for the most part he got away. They Are waiting for him to mess up. To bring him back. Yes, absolutely. And if he messes up the sentence that was stayed, remember they, they take some the time away. Yeah. Yeah. He do the full tip 20. Yeah. He could potentially have to do that as well. A very slippery slope turn has a fight when You slime again. Makes no sense. You stupid. That is crazy. Yeah. All right, well thank you for the latest with Laurie. Welcome. Shyla Biden. Yes. He give donkey. Do You know four after the hour? I have an update on a donkey that I did earlier this week. Remember Chris Lewis, the brother from Augusta, Georgia who was arrested for a deprivation of a minor after he left his kids unattended at a McDonald's. Yes. I don't remember that one. Yeah, we have, we have an, we have an update.


More of a double down. Actually a double down. A double down on the haw because Envy Was ready. Cry for this man. Amen. I did. I said he deserve Shut up From the information that I got. Yeah, That's why y'all got shut Up. You give it GoFundMe donkey. No, We'll talk to out. It's The Breakfast Club. Good morning, you are chicken out The Breakfast Club wanted know how you came up with the dont on the tell because you're mean I'm not. What did I don today? There's a bunch of donkeys out here. That is why Charlamagne, if we live a life where we bite our tongue based off who we may have seen, we never will. Saying damn throw. Hey give it to On The Breakfast Club.


In the words of Charlamagne to God, it's a donkey that was, oh man, Charlamagne you giving donkey who now? Well Buster Rhymes donkey today for Thursday, April 3rd is a double down to a donkey that I did earlier this week. Chris Lewis, the 24-year-old brother from Augusta, Georgia who was arrested for deprivation of a minor after he left his kids. Three kids ages 10, six and one years old at a McDonald's unattended because he had a job interview. Can I refresh your memory? Let's go to Fox 26 Houston for the report please. A job interview ends badly for a man in Georgia. Chris Lewis was arrested March 22nd.


Police say he left his kids in a McDonald's by themselves while he went to an interview for a job. He reportedly told police he did not have a car and lived nearby. Lewis said instead of making his three kids who are one, six and 10 years old, walk home alone, he decided to make them stay in the restaurant. What we know is he was there from four, the kids were there from four 30. He returned at six 18 and then the mother was on the way as well. But we don't know if she was called by police or him after the fact or if she was on the way. Anyway, Now let's talk. I gave him donkey today for one simple reason.


You don't jeopardize your child safety in the pursuit of employment because there is no job on this planet that would make up for something happening to your child in that McDonald's. It's that simple salute to the good sister Tony Rivera. Drop on a clues mind for Tony Rivera. You know, she's always out here providing, you know, human trafficking awareness and she told me it's so much trafficking going on in Atlanta and the Georgia area. She said Black kids are going for a high rate right now. She said 75 grand and up. Okay. And you just gonna leave your three beautiful black babies. 10, six and one to fend for themselves in a fast food restaurant for an hour and a half times may be hard, but they gonna be even harder if God forbid something tragic had happened to those kids. Now y'all called up to this radio station. Y'all was all in the comments telling me I forgot where I came from as if I ever came from a place where my parents was leaving me unattended at a fast food restaurant.


I see people starting GoFundMe's for the young man. Antonio Brown as of this morning, has raised almost 80,000 grand for him. Okay? The post on the GoFundMe says, story called me by surprise. A dad just trying to find a way to make money for his family. I know he shouldn't just leave his kids, but some people don't have the means for babysitting, et cetera. This GoFundMe is set in place to help this man. I have spoken with GoFundMe and they will get the funds to Chris and his family. I haven't spoken to Chris yet, but I hope to do so soon. You haven't spoken to Chris but you're organizing to raise money for him. Why you don't wanna vet the brother and make sure the story is what he says it is because to me, And I said this yesterday, the story wasn't adding up. I wasn't trying to cast doubt on the brother's story, even though his story sounded like it had bacterial vaginosis.


Okay? Yes. Vaginosis. Well, whatever. It just sounded fishy. Okay? I was just pointing out the fact that a job or job interview shouldn't come before the safety of your kids. Okay? A man's job is to protect and provide and protect comes before provision for a reason. To me, when I heard the story, it didn't make sense. These kids were left alone for an hour and a half. What job interview last that long? And witnesses said they kept seeing Chris walk back and forth. What job interview lets you just keep walking back and forth. Oh Charlamagne, you don't have no empathy. Charlamagne, you're speaking from a place of privilege. No, I'm speaking from a place of common sense. And common sense ain't that common in this modern era. So today we have an update from the same outlet that I got the story from the Augusta Press.


The Richmond County authorities released a full report Wednesday with more details. And based on the video evidence and the timeline provided by all parties involved, it was determined that Chris Lewis was not, I repeat was not engaged in a job interview or application process during the time the children were left unattended. He was not really looking for a job while the children were at McDonald's. Can I give you some details from the police report and the noted inconsistencies Captain Danny Whitehead noted in regards to the whereabouts of Chris while his children were left attended? Okay, let's start with the 10-year-old. You know the kid's going to tell it. Okay. She told officers that her siblings and her father walked to McDonald's from the Hendricks apartment complex.


She said her daddy told her he had to deliver a backpack to the apartment complex and told her he would return shortly. The child also mentioned that her father Chris frequently leaves them alone. Two witnesses said they recalled hearing Chris on the phone with someone and he was overheard saying he needed to drop something off. The witnesses stated that after this the father left McDonald's leaving the children behind for approximately an hour and a half. The 10-year-old daughter contacted her mother on social media at approximately 6:00 PM The mother arrived at McDonald's at 6:12 PM She advised that Chris was supposed to deliver a backpack to her mother at the Hendricks apartments and had been told that he must take the children with him.


The kid's mother immediately called Chris who answered and stated that he was on the way back to McDonald's from the apartment complex. Chris arrived at 6:18 PM still in possession of the backpack and he told his child's mother that he had been trying to find her to give her the backpack and the children's mother reminded him that he was not supposed to leave the children unattended. Mm don't go refunding your money from GoFundMe. Now listen to the rest. Now Chris claimed he left the kids at McDonald's because he went to fill out a job application at the West Bank Inn, which is located adjacent to the McDonald's. And he was waiting for a call back for a possible interview.


He said he left the drop the backpack off at the apartment complex, but during the time he lost his ID and he lost another card and he had been retracing his steps trying to find them. Oh you can feel the RY in this story rising. So Captain Whitehead went to the West Bank end to verify Chris's story. He spoke to the manager and she confirmed that Chris did come in on March 22nd and he did complete a job application. She also conducted an informal interview with him on that date. When asked if Chris would be expecting a call back for a formal interview, she said no. The manager provided video surveillance footage of when Chris was there. Guess what the times were, What were the times?


1:12 PM to 1:37 PM The kids were left unattended at McDonald's from 4:30 PM to 6:12 PM So as I said before, based on the video evidence and the timeline provided by all parties involved, Chris was not engaged and the job interview when he left the kids at McDonald's, furthermore by his own admission he was walking between McDonald's in the apartment complex, you know, during that period. And the distance between the two locations is oh 0.4 miles. Now, don't let any of that distract you from the fact that regardless of what Chris was doing during this time, you don't jeopardize your child's safety in the pursuit of employment or anything else because there is no job or anything else you could be doing that would make up for something happening to your child when you leave them unattended for an hour and a half in a public place.


I'm just doubling down on donkey today. You can discuss amongst yourselves, please let Remi ma give Chris Lewis the biggest. Hee-haw. Heehaw Heehaw. You stupid mother. Are you dumb thoughts? I knew it. I knew it and everybody was up here. Nah, I don't think the brother should get, you know, he should lock him up, slap him on the wrist and let him go. 'cause he was trying to do something. He was out here serving, scramble, cooking smack. Damn You. You walking back and forth and all of that. How you turn McDonald's into a daycare. Like what's wrong with you? See you can't change the goalpost. Charlamagne post gave, move the goal post and you can't change it either. See, Charlemagne reported exactly what happened and that's what we made a decision based off what he said.


Okay? Now, if Charlemagne didn't give the right information a couple of days ago because a couple of days ago Charlemagne said this man was doing a job for a job application. A dumb as did he, did he not say that a couple days ago? So now Changed it did this off based on what you said. First of all, you're not gonna distract, you're not gonna distract me. I what did I just finish saying? 'cause you know envy don't listen. I said don't let any of that distract you from the fact that regardless of what Chris was doing during this time, you don't jeopardize your child's safety in the pursuit of employment or anything else. I gave him Donkey of the Day for leaving the kids unattended at a McDonald's for an hour and a half. I don't give a damn what he was doing during that hour and a half. And I Agreed If you, I didn't Move no goal.


I said I agree he should get Donkey of the Day. But if he was actually going to a job interview no and was not doing no F ish, I didn't think he should been Arrest. It matter what he was doing. You don't leave your children unattended. And I said as the child Agree, as the child's mom said, the child's mom said just to you don't leave your kids unattended. That's for an hour and a half in a public Place. And I said, I agree. That's Why I gave him donkey. I just didn't feel he should have got arrested if he was really getting job. You should Just hold yourself accountable for not reading Ry the right way. And then also that's what You gave me. Thery. No I Didn't. And also I, I spotted it. I smelled the Ry a long time ago When you, when first you did because you said your baby daddy would do something like that. I never said that in my life.


Never ever, ever. Now wrong would leave the kids with a random girl that he'd known for three days but he not gonna leave his kids in a public place and let alone a McDonald's. By the way, that's crazy too. Leaving the kids alone for with a random girl for three days is crazy. Absolutely. But it beats leaving them in a fast food restaurant. It's about the same. Well it, yeah it is kind the same. It's crazy. Honestly. McDonald's might be, I don. Yeah, McDonald's might be worse 'cause at least you got somebody watching the kid. You don't know what the kid, the person might do to the kids. That's true. 'cause but you at least somebody's watching them just leaving them unattended at McDonald's for an hour and a half. That's crazy. It's crazy. And the lord 10-year-old baby girl, she said my dad do this all the time. Like I already knew what that was.


She getting tired of being a parent at McDonald's? Mm. Alright, Well once, once again you don't jeopardize your child's safety in the pursuit of employment or anything else. There is no reason to leave your 10-year-old, 6-year-old and 1-year-old unattended at a damn McDonald's for an hour and a half Up next. Just fix my mess. 805 8 5 1 0 5 1. If you have relationship issue, relationship problems or anything like that, call Jessup right now. She fix your mess. It's The Breakfast Club. Good morning. The Breakfast Club. Ask About me relationship problems. Ask About me. Do you need to beat your coworker's ass? Ask About me. Your coworker need to beat your ass. Call it up Dr.


Jess. And I'm here to fix your mess. Fix your mess. It's getting very much messy. Let me fix this Morning Everybody. It's DJ Envy. Just hilarious. Charlemagne the guy. We are The Breakfast Club. It's time for just fix my mess. Hello? Who's this? Hi, yes, this is Alyssa. Call it from Jersey. What's up Alyssa from Jersey. What's your question for Jess? Okay, so my, my daughter's father, me and him became kind of like best friends. Like he became more like an older brother to me than more like a baby father. Like Emini here, like even open, he basically has a open invitation. So all of my family functions. Like he don't even have to be invited. Like he know he can show up, no problems, whatever.


So me and him, we used to sit or talk on the phone all the time. Like I would tell him what's going on in my life. He would tell me what's going on in his life. I have three other kids that's not his. I would talk, you know, about my kids, about life, like nothing. Gotcha. So one day I'm going through my daughter's phone 'cause she's a teenager. I periodically check my kids' phone. That's right. And I see messages from, he has a whole girlfriend that I knew nothing about And I see messages from this girl texting my daughter saying how much she missed her and how much she loved my daughter. So at that point, like I feel disrespected because I'm like, I thought we was like, who? You know, I thought we was friends. Like I thought we had a good co-parent relationship. Like, you know, so why is it that we could sit on the phone to talk for hours?


But she didn't feel comfortable enough to tell me that, you know what I'm saying? You had a female and not only that, like you was leaving my daughter around her. Now I'm not mad about that because my daughter is a, she's a teenager. She can open her mouth and she can say whatever she wanna say. But as her mom, I feel like I deserve the right to know where my kid gonna be at. But she not in my presence. Especially since he lives eight hours away from me. Mm. Okay. I totally understand. Alright, now you set him out full and I'm gonna just tackle this part 'cause I can sympathize with you with that because me and my son's dad are the same way. You know, we call each other brother and sister, we're cool. He's invited to all of my family functions as I'm invited to his, I treat his kids with the same respect.


I treat my kids with, like, we, we all, we all intermingle. Everything is cool right now. Now if, if Rome didn't tell me that he had a girlfriend, I would not be that upset. 'cause I, I understand what you're saying. You feel more so betrayed by your friend that he didn't come to you with this information because y'all talk about everything else. You feel like, why the hell you couldn't tell me that you was in a relationship? What's up? But, but you, you shouldn't be that angry about it. And listen. Are there any feelings there for him or like any, like be honest, like is there any chance that y'all would ever reconcile enough to be back together? Is it, do you have that you still got a little crush on your baby daddy?


I'm gonna talk about like, you like him in the slightest way. Like is there, is there anything there? So this is what I will say. Yeah, We were, we were together in a whole nother state and when we broke up I just packed up and left And I came back home. So I feel like there's a lot of things in our relationship that didn't actually get closure. So you never Yeah. So you never, you never got that closure 'cause you just up and left. Y'all never talked About Right. We never, yeah, exactly. Yeah. Y'all never talked about anything. You never, okay. So yes, there is still some type of feelings there. And then you, and now you kind of resent him a little bit because now he has this girlfriend and things and, and you feel like, yo, you didn't even really, we didn't really even fully close our chapter.


And that's probably honestly why he didn't tell you about her because he feel the same way you feel. Right. Okay. Yeah. You gotta still like kind of understand his point of view too. Like, I don't wanna wanna tell, I don't wanna ruin me and my baby mama's relationship, we were great, although we didn't end like the greatest. We, we didn't give any, we didn't give each other any clarification on like what we were doing. You know, the end all be all of it. We, we never like fully said goodbye the right way or whatever. He probably feel the same way you feel, but he's eight hours away. What do you expect for him to do? And I know you got a little, so something going on with somebody else too, Right? Yeah. So my right.


So, so don't be upset just saying That. It's just a conversation. Yeah, no, no, no. I'm just saying I would've never disrespected him and given some and Lee's daughter's phone number without him even knowing that this guy existed because you basically gave this woman like, full access to my child even when she's not down there with y'all. You get what I'm saying? Yeah. How Old is your daughter? She's, She's 13 now. Okay. And so she didn't she didn't tell you about the lady either, huh? You just had to go through the phone and find out? Yeah, I Have, I happen to be going through her phone. Yeah. Yeah. I, all the messages again, I, I feel like it, it is a conversation.


I feel like both of y'all still have unresolved issues and unresolved feelings and y'all just need to meet. It ain't, this ain't no phone conversation. Y'all need to see each other and you need to tell him exactly how you feel. And I guarantee you that's gonna open the door for him to tell you exactly how he feels. And y'all, I guarantee you, y'all probably feel the same way. Okay? Yeah. But let me know. Call back up next Thursday. Do it before next Thursday so I can know. Okay, I will. All right, girl. Thank you. All right, mama. Alright. Just fix my mess. (800) 585-1051. Call us up right now is The Breakfast Club. Good morning. Me. It's the real deal. Help me, help me.


Oh my God. I'm all up in your mess. I'm gonna fix it, fix it, fix My mess, fix it, fix it. Just Gonna fix your mess. Because my advice is real Morning everybody, it's DJ Envy Jess. Hilarious. Charlamagne the guy. We are The Breakfast Club in the middle of, just fix my mess. We got Bob on the line. Bob, who's up? Hey. Hey. I'm just too real. Bob is not. That's just an Elliot. We know Bob is not your bro. We know that. I know. Hey, but look, look, I'm, I'm, I'm gonna face it real 'cause Charlemagne a real dude and Charlemagne probably gonna cut me outta my head. So look, No cursing. I go by stretch, you know? Well, my childhood friend probably gonna hit this, but yes, I got a question because I feel some type of, when I feel like I should de have a conversation with my friend on this. But, so we have a mentor or somebody who's been in our lives for like, at least 10, 15 years.


Like, you know what I'm saying? Kind of have been helping us out with advice and things like that. And there's four of us that all grew up, you know what I'm saying? Kind of under his mentorship. Yeah. I'm the youngest out of the four. The oldest person is who I have a question about because I want to talk to him about this. Like I wanna approach him about it because I feel like it, I feel like what he did is was wrong. Okay. So he basically text, I mentor his wife and was like, Hey, your friends are some hoes. Wow. And I feel like, I feel like that's kind of out of pocket because like the dude, you know what I'm saying? No matter what we've all been through, dude, they never looked at us different. He's always helped us out with our family's. Like, it's like kind of like, to me it's like disrespecting your elder and like the fact that you even text the dude who was like, Hey, your wife mad at you, yet like to me it's, it is out of pocket.


Because if I feel like if either one of us would've text your wife that you'd get upset and you wanted to fight it Right. And you know him outta all people, he's not gonna necessarily physically do anything to you. He may not talk to you for a bit. Yeah. He may pray for you. You know what I'm saying? He probably gonna start praying for you more, but there's something else he's gonna do and you know that. And I just feel like, bro, that's, that's foul man. Like come On bro. So wait, so wait, so wait. Okay, let's back it up. So one of your friends texted y'all's mentor and told him that his wife or text the mentor's wife? No, He texted the mentor's wife and said, Hey, your friends are some HOE. How did he get the mentor's wife's number? We all had, we, like I said, we've all, they've been married for at least 10 years. Okay. We've all known them for at least 15.


Okay. Okay. So we're all like, like, we're like family. You know what I'm saying? Right, Right, right. And And I guess y'all were hanging around her friends and they showed some No, No, no, no. We've never, we've never hung around any friends. It ain't never like that. We've always hung around him. We don't, this is, this is why the would have texted her that 'cause we don't hang around her. We don't hang around her friends. You know, like we're all grown and adults now. We don't hang around them like that anymore. We're not kids. Right. I don't understand why the text even went to the wife. The, I don't Exactly. I'm just not understanding. Yeah. So what, so your question to me is like, what you should do about this or what, because apparently, yeah, because Like I really want to confront him like bro, like yeah. Why in the hell would you even do that Sam?


Like, because if somebody would've did that to your wife, I,


The World is constantly changing. If it's up to you to decide how to respond, choose to be bold to try something new. Choose to reinvent yourself. That's what Nissan did with the all new totally reimagined kicks. The dynamic new exterior styling immediately announces that Nissan isn't messing around the interior. A completely redesigned cabin with premium features like wireless Apple call play and a panoramic moon roof make driving a kicks immersive and exciting. And with new performance and safety features, like intelligent all wheel drive, the kicks is both fun and safer to drive than ever before. It is the dawning of a brand new era for the Nissan Kicks. Only one question remains. Is it a new era for you as well? Drive the all new Reimagined Nissan Kicks today. Available Features compatible device service and consumer activation of Nissan Connect Services. Package required use only when safe and legal subject to third party service availability. For more information, see Nissan usa.com/connect/legal. Apple CarPlay is a trademark of Apple Link Intelligent all-wheel drive cannot prevent collisions or provide enhanced traction in all conditions. Always monitor traffic and weather conditions.


Hey kids, it's me, Kevin Smith and it's me, Harley Quinn Smith. That's my daughter man. Who my wife has always said is just a beardless version of me. And that's the name of our podcast. Beardless was me. I'm the old one, I'm the young one. And every week we try to make each other laugh really hard. Sounds innocent, doesn't it? A lot of cussing, a lot of bad language. It's for adults only. Or listen to it with your kid. Could be a family show. We're not quite sure. We're still figuring it out. It's a work in progress. Listen to Beardless with me on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts or wherever


you get your podcasts.


Cyrus the great of Persia was a conqueror and he tried to increase his empire by marrying Tamara the widow of the king of the Masen Getti people. She refused his offer and so he decided that he would invade her kingdom instead. Turns out that was a big mistake to hear the full story of Tamara's bloody revenge. Listen to the latest episode of Noble Blood. Available now. New episodes of Noble Blood every Tuesday. Listen to Noble Blood on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts.


Something unexpected happened after Jeremy Scott confessed to killing Michelle Schofield in Bone Valley season one. I just knew him as a kid. Long silent voices from his past came forward And he was just staring at me And they had secrets of their own to share. Gilbert King, I'm the son of Jeremy Lynn Scott. I was no longer just telling the story. I was part of it. Every time I hear about my dad is, oh, he's a killer. He's just straight evil. I was becoming the bridge between a killer and the son. He'd never known If the cops and everything would've done their job properly, my dad would've been in jail. I would've never existed. I never expected to find myself in this place. Now I need to tell you how I got here. At the end of the day, I'm literally a son of a killer Bone Valley season two. Jeremy, Jeremy, I want to tell you something. Listen to new episodes of Bone Valley season two, starting April 9th on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts or wherever you get your podcasts. And to hear the entire new season ad free with exclusive content starting April 9th, subscribe to Lava for Good Plus on Apple Podcasts.


I'm not gonna lie, if you would've, if I'm not married, you know what I'm saying? But if I was married or if you would've text it to the person I'm with by her friends, like yeah bro, we gonna have words man. Like yeah. So I it But look, you have a think about this though. I, and and it's wrong. It is definitely wrong. And and since you can't figure out exactly why he would text her that when y'all ain't hanging around his friends, when y'all haven't hung around his wife's friends either. He's just lying. He's a delusional ass dude. Or he knows something that y'all don't know because he actually did get to hang around his friends. It's not that. No. Nah. See look, this is the thing. We are in two different age groups. They're in there like fifties. We are all in our thirties so we don't hang around. You know what I'm Saying? Your friend might be doing some hanging without y yo, he might like the old chicks man and he might get down with the get down.


He wanted his his I feel like when it, especially If they Hoeing, nah, it ain't look. Alright, so here's I give y'all, I I hate to bring waste into this. Okay. Okay. But even more of the dynamic, they're a white couple. We're all black. Oh, okay. So that, oh, So you Saying like, Bro, they're, they're biblically Christian faced, like they go to church every Sunday. Like they are like the ideal, like, you know what I'm saying? What the other side would view as a couple successful couple. You know what I'm saying? So that's why I'm like bro, no, like it just doesn't make sense. And like you text out, you text out mentor and like, Hey, your wife mad at you yet. Like bro, what? Oh, So yeah, he text the wife and then text the mentor.


Yeah. So yeah, you, you just Pull up on your homie, Talk to your homie, just talk to Him. I feel like, you know what I'm saying? If we should, if we all holding each other accountable 'cause like ain't lie. I've all, I've done some messed up stuff and they've all held me accountable for it. Yeah. So I Feel like Definitely You should be like us holding you like bro that's false. Like I'm not gonna lie. Like I said, if you would have done that, bro, I can't say what with everything on the radio, but yeah, we would definitely have word. Yeah, no for sure. Okay. So no that's just, if that's what it is, I think you should hit your homie. Y'all all grew up together. You should be able to have that conversation with him and figure out exactly what happened. And I bet you you better call back next Thursday. 'cause I bet you he gonna tell you something that you didn't even know. I'm telling you. I'm telling you then you let, you told me they was right and they church And all that.


Hey, I won't be surprised. He probably listen to Callen and y'all, y'all probably, y'all, You know what I'm saying? Listen, call back next Thursday. I bet you he gonna tell you some things that he did that you did not know and that y'all wouldn't even expect from them white church people. I bet you Hey say no more. I got you. I keep you posted. All right. Thank you. Alright. What's wrong with the mentor's wife being hod though? That's what I'm saying. And no, the mentor's wife's friends. Yeah. What's wrong with the mentor? That's white friends being ho. I don't know why that's so hard to believe that he probably cracked one of 'em and they, you know what Emini here and he text the wife like, yo, your friend hoes, you know what Emini here But a bunch of white 50 something year old hoes. Man y'all supposed to be slinging big pp and getting paid Kurt. Them Karens and Beckys cut a check.


Damn Right. One thing a old white woman gonna love is a young black man. I'm like young black penis. Yeah, yeah, yeah. Is a Yup. A young black penis. And I, I don't think his, that's like a fantasy type thing, right? His homeboy. Yeah. It's like a whole fetish. Like what Dr. Augh wouldn't approve but shoot, you know these brother Right? And this, this, this dude do not believe that like he's underestimating his homeboy. Now I do think it's corny for the dude to text that to the Wife, text that to the the spot and they're gonna text the mentor. Like is your wife mad at you? Like yo, you obviously ain't never had no white PPO ever And you ain't getting paid for it. Probably not. Dudes always asking where the hoses at? They what? Your mentor's wife Just fix my mess.


805 8 5 1 0 5 When we got the latest with Lauren coming up. It's The Breakfast Club. Good morning, let's get to the latest With Lauren. Jeez Lauren becoming a straight face. She gets it from somebody that knows somebody. Well she gets into details. I'm the home girl that knows a little bit about everything and She be having the, the Lord the latest with Lauren la Sometimes you have facts, sometimes you have details. Sometimes she have a little bit of everything. What was the latest on The Breakfast Club Talk. Talk to me. So we wanna take some time to send a congratulations to USC Sophomore Guard Juju Watkins. Juju Juju. Yes. So she was named the winner of the 2025 Na Smith Women's College Basketball Player of the Year Award Well deserved yesterday.


Yes, for sure. And I think what, you know, the past couple months or like, you know what Emini here, it's been a lot with her and her injury and her season ending the last Couple of weeks. Yeah. Dang. Yeah. Yeah. It really hurt to see, see Juju go down because they would've definitely, in my humble opinion, been in the Final four. I think they would've I think so too. Beat Yukon and they'd be in the Final four right now. Yeah, well although that happened, you know this is historic because she is now the first USC player to win the Women's College Player of the Year award since the legendary Lisa Leslie in 1994. So, you know, it's unfortunate, you know that her season ended the way it did. But I'm sure she's really excited about this because she posted it and said she's so grateful. So congratulations to, to her. Congrats. Yeah man.


And it's in other News Friday the movie. I know that I think it was Mike pps, he was up here and he talked about it happening. But now Variety just announced that Ice Cube has closed a deal for this to happen. Not just announced, but Variety announced that Ice Cube has closed a deal for Friday to happen at Warner Brothers in New Line. So he's reached a deal to write and Star in the New Friday movie for Warner Brothers and New Line Cinema. The new feature, which is titled Last Friday will mark the fourth entry in the comedy series and then the first in over 20 years following up after Friday at the next in from 2002. So Ice Cube has been, you know, open about his plans to make another Friday movie though his agreement with Warner to start and direct marks a significant development in the project.


So congratulations Ice Cube and it Congrats it's happening. Congrat can't wait to see. Finally. That's what Mike said when he was here. I think he said Cube had just did the deal. That's what's up. I don't remember the third Friday though. Do y'all? I don't Know. Oh yeah, I remember the, that's Rick Smiley played the Santa Santa Claus. Yeah, you can see A little storyline reminder and you, you'll remember. Yeah. Yeah that's because the first and second one is like, well the first one is untouchable, the second one was cool and you know the third one, the third one is always like, oh okay, nice. The the third one could have been a TV show. Could have been, yeah, it didn't have to be a movie. Yeah. How many episodes of that TV show have been like two? Yeah, maybe two, maybe four 30 minutes a piece. Okay. No three. Yeah, something like that. Yeah. Okay. But it didn't seem like a continuation of Friday.


'cause if you watch the first one, yeah it was a continuation and the third one it's like damn. Yeah. Got you. Okay. Well I'm just happy to see it was happening. 'cause I know for a while he was complaining that he couldn't get the support from like the studios and stuff that he needed. And this is the last one Chris Tucker gotta be, he gotta be got, you gotta have all the worlds combined and Chris Duner the, but then everybody's so like John Witherspoon no longer passed, Passed. I know Bernie Mac no longer. Yeah, Bernie Mac passed. Even though Bernie Mac, he was the preacher though. Like his, his part was real quick. They could still make it without like some of the acts, but I feel like some of the acts they need like Devo, John Bowl, John, yeah. That's Pops. You know what Emini here. So What happened to his family? We ain't even see his family. The last two movies. We ain't see Craig Mama Craig's sister.


Yeah. What happened to King is the sister. Yep. Nia Long as the Yeah, he could still make it work. Is Felicia still smoking crack? Is Ms. Paul can Still fine? How? No she look good. Why? Wait, is Craig's mom still alive? Does she DD Yeah, she's still alive. She ain't shit around here somewhere. Jess, they need you for this movie or you tapped in. Okay. Like they need you to Tell that woman is 72 years old that just last is really 72 DD around Here. Whatever. That's all we got low. Yeah, that's all we got. All right, Cool. So look scenario, right? So no, you know I always give you two men to choose from, but I wanna know what you would do in this situation.


You still trying to find our man? Absolutely. I told her about the day you done tell about your thought. We got it. You gonna talk about it? I thought we got past it. We're not past until she lands a man. Okay. We're not gonna be past it. Okay Now You don't want me to be happy first. It is like she ain't got, I kind of want you to be here a little bit but just clearly still doesn't but continue. Hey y'all, I want you to be here. Do not, don't do that stupid. Oh my God. Listen. All right, cool. I ain't gonna be the one reporting so you gotta be here. So listen, alright. Right. You're dating this guy for six months, y'all six months in, he moved you in. Of course he wooed you and everything. You met his family and all. He's successful now. Y'all are out one night, right? And on y'all way out of the restaurant, a bisexual guy comes up to your man and he says, oh, this what we doing now Listen and walks away.


That's all he said. And your man didn't really give a response, he just kind of brushed it off like, oh whatever. Come on. He grabs your hand and y'all get in the car. First thing you do is immediately ask what the hell was that about? And he, he tells you that that guy from years ago was his assistant. He, he was once his assistant and he didn't like how he was terminated once the company went under and he's just upset. And that's the first time he seen him in years. What do you do? Do you believe that? Do you do more digging or do you just automatically throw him in the boat with the guy? He's in the boat. And I'm definitely gonna dig, first of all, I'm not walking out the restaurant. We're you turning? Now we gotta have a, a conference call. This is a press conference. Now I need to understand what you mean.


Okay. So what would you have said to the guy? 'cause you're Lauren la Rosen and, and one thing you do is reach out. So the thing is Reach out and touch that. You gonna reach out to the guy. Let's hold hands and agree that I need to have a real conversation of what did you mean by that? What do you mean this is what we're doing now? What was y'all relationship? What was the I'm confused. 'cause it's giving me, that is so sad. Y'all used to deal with each other And I didn't know that that was a past thing. If so, but The guy, his disposition is your man is like, this is great. Look, go. I don't even, I ain't even got time for this. He great. I don't care. And the guy switches off like, okay, this is so sad. I don't care what my man is giving. 'cause one thing they gonna do is downplay and one thing I'm going do, get to the bottom Of it. Okay? Okay. And what if you've got your man phone later and saw that he text the gay guy, first of all, she's trans And something about her.


Yes. Now I'm not even asking questions. I'm out like you. Yeah, I can't date. I don't wanna date A bisexual man is The latest with Lauren. Oh my god, this is sad. First Of all, she's So sad. You what? Sad Because she can't even get a man. You trying to just make up a fake man for her and she can't even get that right. Oh my God, that is so messed up. I Did nothing wrong. This is a scenario that I'm creating. Jess, before we go to break, you know what happened? Gia was felt so bad. Gia was like, I think I found somebody for Jess. Oh, I found somebody for Lauren. Right? For Lauren. Oh no. And he been getting calls all week. It was a white guy and Lauren turned him down. You turned down somebody white. Yes. That Okay. I did. I got you. So you, you want the Melanated Kings. But I knew would be proud, but now She's single again.


All right, well the people's choice be Next. Xo. Like how much money he make? Oh my goodness. The Breakfast Club. Good morning God. Black Queens forever. Snow bunnies. Never. You are taking out The Breakfast Club. Morning everybody is DJ Envy, Jess, Hilarious. Charlamagne the guy. We are The Breakfast Club. Now we are asking you guys, if you call up here, a lot of people say they call and they can't get through. Well we got an easy way for you to just get through to The Breakfast Club. Go to the iHeartRadio app. There's Little Mike, you click the mic is a talk back feature. You can leave a 32nd comment for any of us. If you don't like the way Charlemagne looks, he's too short, he's baldheaded. Whatever it may be. If You think envy, look dirty. If you think, if you think Charlamagne gay, whatever it is, you think envy, look dirty, you know, shut Barefoot and dirty, Barefoot and dirty.


But whatever it is, you can leave a 32nd voice memo or voice note on that and we replay it on The Breakfast Club. Okay? Yeah. It's the same thing we used when, when I did the we of people with Vice President Kamala Harris. Correct? Yes. So definitely hit that up ASAP because I know people be having comments and they be wanting to say stuff about interviews that they hear and you know, sometimes you don't have a phone lines up or the donkey or, or donkey today, you know, or just said something that offended everybody, you know, like that. When Was that ever a thing? All The time. Real life all The time. No, no, no, no. Not a period From the time. And speaking of Jess, you gonna be in North Carolina this weekend? I will be in Raleigh, North Carolina this weekend. Weekend, The weekend at j Cole's. Dreamville. The same weekend. I envy because The more you Talk about it, they're gonna be like, oh no, I ain't gonna, so I ain't going to our show. I'm gonna go see j Cole.


Sorry, who his last time, sorry. But yes, we are gonna be at the Improv tomorrow, Friday and then Saturday we have two shows as well. And then Sunday I'm gonna be at Dreamville Fest too. So Perp. Okay. Alright. Get your tickets. So get your tickets. And also Salute to Ellie Myel. Did I say it Right? Ellie Myel. He's got a great new book out called Bad Law, 10 Popular Laws That Are Ruining America Emini. Here. I, I enjoyed the, the book 'cause you know, I, I've been wanting to know more about constitutional law. I don't think there's a better constitutional law scholar than Ellie Massell. I don't believe you know his, his beliefs on biology. Okay. He's One of your favorite people. Yes, And I like, I like reading you Have to love all Of him. I do like reading his stuff, but I don't like his views on biology, but on constitutional law.


Great. Perfect. We'll definitely pick that up. It's called Bad Law, right? He salute the Louis V Man. Louis V is here from our sister Station 96.1 to Beat in Atlanta, Georgia. He'll be providing a soundtrack at the Black Effect Podcast Festival April 26th. Louis had a great idea. Louis said, should I say the idea on nowhere? Air Louis said we should get fans, right? Black Effect fans. Because if you've been to the Black Effect Podcast Festival, a line dance always breaks out. They always end up doing the electric slide Chacha slide. So you know, we gonna have boots on the ground, right? Louis V from the Met, he from the 8 0 3. So you know he gonna have the boots on the ground at the Black Effect Podcast Festival. Yeah. So go get your tickets right now. So Bring your fans when you, when you come out there, Oh, we might have fans for you.


Oh, that make Black Effect fans. Louis Got the budget. We got the budget. Louie got the 96.1. The beat got the budget. Wow. They got the budget. Okay, so you might have it there, but black effect.com/podcast Festival. Go get your tickets for the third annual Black Effect Podcast Festival happening in Atlanta April 26th at Pullman Yards. All Right, when we come back, we got the positive notice, The Breakfast Club. Good morning. Morning everybody. It's DJ nv Jess, Hilarious Charlamagne ne guy. We are The Breakfast Club. It's almost time to get up outta here. And like you said, Louis V is here. Also Joe Strata from our Atlanta station. I'm gonna be in Atlanta I think in next week. I gotta do a bunch of podcasts. So set me up with Ferrari and all them to promote the book. Me and the wife will be heading out. There we go on our, our book tour When you go to Atlanta, huh?


Bullying still gay. First of all, Atlanta is gay. Don't do all that. I Know That shit. When you was down there for that cheerleading convention, my homeboy was like, why Charlamagne trying to act like he wasn't looking at me. And I was like, yeah. Oh That is true. Was looking at him. Looking at him. You was looking. He was thick. I don't even know who she thought about. I do remember that story though. He Was there and he was like, he trying to act like he was there with some woman. I was like, that's his wife. He was like, he got a wife. He was looking at me like that. Yep. They want me to betrayed so bad. Okay, vocabulary. Yes. Jesus. We'll Leave us, leave us on a a positive note. The positive note is this gratitude unlocks the fullness of life. It turns what we have into enough and more.


It turns denial into acceptance, chaos to order confusion to clarity. So be grateful for something today. Okay, have a great day. Breakfast Club Bitches. Do y'all finish or y'all Done?


Taking control of your career is empowering. Just don't tell my boss. I said that Building a career just isn't about a job. It's about creating a path that impacts our community and future generations. Whether you're starting out or making big moves, State Farm is here to support you with resources to help protect what you're working hard to achieve. They've got your back every step of the way because like a good neighbor State Farm is there. Find out more at State Farm dot com.


Hey everybody, it's your favorite play cousin Junior from the Steve Harvey Morning show. You know, the Toyota Tundra and Tacoma are designed to outlast and outlive, backed by Toyota's legendary reputation for reliability. So get in a tundra. With available I Force Max Hybrid Engine, delivering exceptional torque and towing capacity. Or check out a Tacoma with available off-road features like crawl control. It can take you beyond the trails. Toyota trucks are built to last year after year, mile after mile. So don't wait. Get yours today. Visit buy a toyota.com for deals and more. Toyota, let's go places.


Welcome to Pot of Rebellion, our new Star Wars Rebels Rewatch podcast. I'm Vanessa Marshall, voice of Harrison Doula Specter two. I'm Tia Skarr. Sabine Run, Spector five. I'm Taylor Gray as a Bridger Specter six. And I'm John Lee Brody, the Ghost Crew Stowe moderator. Each week we're gonna rewatch and discuss an episode from this series and share some fun behind the scenes stories. Sometimes we'll be visited by special guests like Steve Bloom Voices, Zabar Specter four or Dante Bosco, voice of Jel and many others. So Hang on because it's gonna be a fun ride. Cue the music. Listen to Potter Rebellion on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts.


Are your ears bored? Yeah. Are you looking for a new podcast that will make you laugh, learn and say Yeah. Then tune into Loca Tora Radio Season 10 today. Okay, Now that's what I call a podcast. I'm Fiosa. I'm Mala, The host of Loca Tora Radio, A radiophonic novella, which Is just a very extra way of saying a podcast. Listen, Tocara Radio, season 10 on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts.