
Life is an act of constant reinvention that's true for you and for cause. Nissan Reimagined the all new kicks around you. The Bowles Personal plus sound system with speakers in the headrest keeps you in the groove while the Nissan Safety Shield 360 technologies keep you safe. If Nissan invented the kicks, you can reinvent yourself. Drive the all new Reimagined Nissan Kicks today. Available features compatible device service and consumer activation of Nissan Connect Services. Package required use only when safe and legal subject to third party service availability For more information, see Nissan usa.com/connect/legal. Apple CarPlay is a trademark of Apple Link. Intelligent all-wheel drive cannot prevent collisions or provide enhanced traction in all conditions. Always monitor traffic and weather conditions.


Taking control of your career is empowering. Just don't tell my boss I said that. Building a career is it just about a job. It's about creating a path that impacts our community and future generations. Whether you're starting out or making big moves, State Farm is here to support you with resources to help protect what you're working hard to achieve. They've got your back every step of the way because like a good neighbor State Farm is there. Find out more at State Farm dot com.


Have you seen this new commercial from Standup to all Hate? It's Snoop Dogg and Tom Brady spewing hate at each other. But when you really listen to them, the reasons are just so stupid. This one really stopped me. It's a strong reminder that hate in our country continues to be out of control. So join us at The Breakfast Club and standing up to it. If you see hate speak up, call it out and learn more by following at what's up with hate. At


and t has a new guarantee because most things in life are not guaranteed. In a world where nothing is guaranteed, at t is bringing something new to the table. At t is introducing a guarantee. With connectivity, you depend on deals you want and service you deserve, or they make it right. Learn more at att.com/guarantee. At t connecting changes everything, terms and conditions apply. Visit att.com/guarantee for details.


Good morning, usa. Yo, yo, yo, yo, yo, yo, yo, yo, yo, yo, yo, yo, yo, yo, yo, yo, yo, yo, yo, yo, yo, yo, yo yo, yo yo, yo yo, yo yo, yo yo, yo yo. Just hilarious. Good morning. Charlamagne the guy. Peace to the planet. Guess what day it is? Guess what day it is? Talk day. Good morning. How y'all feel out there? That's right. It's Wednesday. Middle of the week. What's up, Jess? What's up? I'm broadcasting from Maryland. Listen, the snow is crazy, but I got a show today at VSU Virginia State University. Yep. The issue they have, yeah, they have their black comedy show. It's a black history like comedy show or whatever. Right. And they ain't say nothing about snow yet. I'm like, oh, it ain't hit y'all.


You know what, Emini here, because I'm, I'm, I might as well just drive there, right? Because it's only about under two hours from my house, but we got like inches and inches of snow. Pause. Okay. Yeah. Emini here. I'm a woman, so don't resume Damn. Fast Forward. I'm saying, but I'm sad though. Yo, we got all the snow, which what it look like up there. Not bad at all. Maybe we got inch two. Not bad at all. No, nothing. Nothing. No delays. Nothing. We good? We good up here? But you got somebody else. You got a, you also got a birthday coming up? Yes, I do tomorrow. Oh, you, you not gonna be here for your born date. No. No, I'm not. Wow. I already Told her a whole thing planned for you. I told her we, we had a bunch of You did.


So way yo people would lie. Lying. I did. I had a whole thing thing playing for you as somebody doing breakfast and all types of stuff. There was, there was a whole I told You that. I'm not joking. I told her that earlier. Okay. No. 'cause you know how your friends find out that you won't be somewhere and be like, damn. And I had this, And I did. Didn have nothing. I Did. I did. There Was a whole bunch of things going on. It was like, absolutely. We had Chanel bags, Birthday bags. I don that all, all that night. Now you doing too much now you're doing too much. I was being serious. He lying. I feel blessed black and highly favored. Happy to be here another day to serve our beautiful listeners, man. That's Right. Well, we got some special guests joining us this morning. Two chains, Larry, June and The Alchemist. They have a new album called Life is Beautiful.


It's, listen, you know, I I hate to say album of the Year Contender so early, because it's only February, right? You know what Emini here, like, you know, I think that you should be saying things like that middle of the year, later on in the year. But this album is really, really good, man. I'm a two chains, that's my guy. Dope, dope artist. He, I'm a two chains fan. Larry. June, same thing. Alchemist, come on. Legendary producer. So imagine them collaborating on a project and it's actually really Good. And it sounds dope. That's what life is. Beautiful is spitting. Yeah. So we'll talk to them in a little bit. And then we got front page news when we come back, Morgan, to be joining us. So don't go anywhere. It's The Breakfast Club. Good morning. Morning everybody. It's DEJ Envy, Jess. Hilarious. Charlemagne the guy. We are The Breakfast Club. Let's get in some front page news now, some quick sports.


Congratulations to Kevin Durant. He became the eighth NBA player to score over 30,000 points. So drop a bomb for Kevin Durant. He's had a fantastic career. He definitely has. Yesterday he finished the game of 34 points and three rebounds, three assists in five blocks. So congratulations to kd. What's up Morgan? Hey, we love to see it. Hey, shout out to kd. You know, he from the DMV, you know, we unmatched out here just saying What's up is y'all. How y'all doing on this snowy Sunday mor or snowy Wednesday morning. What day is it? Less Black and holly Favor. It's Wednesday. Wednesday. It's snowy in the DNV. I'm Down here with you. So I'm looking at this snow come down. Look like Christmas all over again. Yes. So let's get into the front page. So President Trump, he is providing Elon Musk Department of Government efficiency with more power to reshape the federal government.


Now, this comes as Doge is cutting nearly a billion dollars from a Department of Education officials announced they terminated 89 contracts and 29 grants for the department, and will cut about $900 million total. Many of the cuts will impact the Institute of Education Science, which researches best practices in education. So the news comes two weeks after federal testing data showed reading achievements among students are at historic lows. Now, Elon Musk says, doge work is vital. So let's hear more from Elon Musk. So we've got a $2 trillion deficit. And if this, if we don't do something about this deficit country's going bankrupt. It's not optional for us to sit to reduce the federal expenses.


It's essential. It's essential for America to remain solvent as a country. And it's essential for America to have the resources necessary to provide things to its citizens. You know, it's, it's interesting, right? All these folks are losing their jobs because of Doge. What I would like to know about Doge is all these jobs are getting cut. You're reducing federal expenses. Where is that money going? Like, like I heard him say that that money is gonna go back to American citizens, but how, how is that money is gonna go, go, go back into the pockets of American Citizens. So what's the plan? You're saving all this money. Where's the money gonna go? Are They gonna start giving us stimulus checks again? I'm, I'm just asking. I don't know. Are they gonna lower taxes again? You're right. Yeah. Supposedly it's gonna be a tax cut for those, those for the wealthy, supposedly. Yeah. But It's definitely gonna be a tax cut for the wealthy.


That's just what, what Republicans do. But I'm talking about, you know, everyday folks that aren't wealthy. Mm. Well, it seems like it's gonna be a big tax cut. So Trump's signed, of course, the executive action into, he signed the executive order into action on Tuesday requiring agencies to work with those two slash workforces, along with eliminating the hiring of replacements. So you're not even gonna get replacements in those positions. When asked about call people calling his efforts a hostile takeover, Musk said that people voted for maj for major government reform. And that is, that's what the people are going to get. And you know, Trump says he doesn't think that the, any judges are gonna take any issue with Doge.


And this comes of course, as others have blocked executive orders that he has recently signed. For example, the birthright citizenship, federal funding freeze. And of course the federal jobs buyout. Many people took issue with Elon Musk standing over Trump yesterday as he spoke. What do you guys think about that? I think Elon Musk literally controls how the government pays people. And not enough folks care for my liking. I understand there's a lot going on in The World, but for everyone who cares about their pockets, you care about the economy. You voted for Trump because of the price of eggs. All these, you know, things should concern you that Elon Musk is doing. 'cause Elon Musk is not an elected official. You didn't vote for him. A billionaire having the power to reshape the federal government is oligarchy.


But the end, I would say they, they kind of did. Right? Because what you Mean, they kind of did, They they voted for Trump, but they knew what Trump was gonna do. This was, this is not no surprise Trump, they knew Trump was gonna put Elon in position. No, we Did not. We knew that. I think the whole world Knew that. No, we did not. Who Knew that? I think we Did. Nobody knew they were gonna put Elon Musk in a position to literally control how the government pays people. I didn't, I didn't see that coming. I think I, I think I did. Those was supposed to be a, an organization that was for government efficiency. Right. But even that was ridiculous. But no, this man literally controls how to government pays people. I was in Maryland this weekend And I told y'all folks was coming up to me, talking to me about how they may potentially, you know, lose their jobs because of what Elon Musk is doing.


Yeah. I I think people, I think people seen that Elon Musk was gonna be doing a lot of this. No, absolutely not. It just Didn't kill me. How he was chilling though, with the baby on his head and just, you know what, Emini here. Oh yeah. Oh man. And the baby, poor baby. Didn't he say Morgan, that sometimes he was like, sometimes I will be wrong. He's gonna be correct and then Yes. Yes, It is what it is when they correct Y'all just Correct me. Yeah. When, yeah, that's what he said. He said, sometimes I'm not gonna get it all right. You know, and so, and that's okay. And that he does expect pe to be corrected. And, and that's okay. So federal workers and education advocates are continuing their protests against the Trump administration. Now, Congressman Hakeem Jeffries, he spoke to protestors at a rally yesterday organized by the American Federation of Government and Employees. And he slammed the recent executive orders signed by Trump.


Let's hear more from Hakeem Jeffries, The attack on you. The attack on the civil service is unacceptable. Yep. Unconscionable. Yeah. un-American. We are gonna stand with you until each and every one of those unlawful executive orders are fully and completely reversed, buried in the ground, never to rise again. Yes. So hundreds of protestors gathered outside the consumer financial bureau yesterday after the agency was told to suspend operations, of course, critic like Massachusetts Senator Elizabeth Warren, she claimed the shutdown is to, is an attempt by Musk to restrict federal oversight of the US financial system.


Furthermore, based on what you kind of said, charlamagne. So today we will also see a protest from the National Education Association against the confirmation of Education Secretary nominee Linda McMahon at the Capitol. So It's, it's a constitutional crisis, man. And, you know, folks need to act like it. And, and by the way, I don't wanna see Hakeem Jeffrey's front and center. He don't have the fight that I like. You know what, Emini here, Chuck Schumer is better than him. And that's not a good thing. Okay. Gimme Jasmine Crockett. Gimme a OC Hakeem. Jeffrey needs to stay behind the scenes and know what work internally. I don't wanna see him out in front and center. All right, well, that is front page news. We'll see you next album. He, He moved, he moved like the, he got, he's got like a young body, but he still got that older energy of the Chuck Schumers and all of them. I ain't, I don't, no, No.


All right. Well everybody else get it off your chest. 805 8 5 1 0 5 1. If you need to vent phone lines wide open again. (800) 585-1051. Get it off your chest. Phone lines a wide open it. The Breakfast Club. Good morning. The Breakfast Club. I'm, I'm tall. Hey, what you doing man? I'm Call Calling. Yo, This is your time to get it off your chest. Whether you're mad or blessed. 805 8 5 1 0 5 1. We want hear from you on The Breakfast Club. Hello? Who's this? Here? What's up, envy? Hey, what's up Trav? Hey, sharp. I had a bone to pick with you, but hold on. Travis. What's up Jeff?


What's up baby? How you doing, boo? I'm Good. Pick my bone. Me pick my bone. Trav, I, I can't believe that you out here actually rooting for the Philadelphia Eagles to win. I will. I'm gonna tell You why. Okay. Talk to me. Because you did say that you wanted them to win. And the reason why that is horrible. If it was the Cowboys in the Super Bowl versus the Chiefs, I know these fans, they would've rooted against the Cowboys. They would've never you Right. Wanted us to win. They would've trashed us every single down, every single quarter. You right. And prayed against us the entire Super Bowl. Well, it's Don't be Given.


Well, Trav, no, listen, I wa listen. Rooting is a strong word. Number one. I love Philadelphia. My morning show career got started in Philadelphia. Beautiful city. I love Philly. That's number one. Number two, number two, I don't like Taylor Swift. Okay. All right. And I couldn't stand, Jesus, I couldn't stand to see what she did to you. I couldn't stand how to Taylor hurt you. I couldn't stand to see Taylor Swift on that field after the game kissing on Travis Kelsey. Okay. Jesus. I just didn't Solo. Yes sir. Taylor Swift is an evil fan. She fucked Philly. I can't tell you didn't know that. I can't. Oh, I know she's from Pennsylvania, but I can't tell she no Eagles fan. Yeah, she's from Pennsylvania. You right. Not Philly. She is an Eagle fan.


Yeah, I just, I, no, I don't like, I don't like the Kansas City Chiefs And I don't like Taylor Swift. Okay. So that was enough reason for me to say, you know what Jalen hurts with your all woman management team and that black ass city, Philadelphia goddamn bust bust the chief's ass. Well I just wanna sayquan when that's it. Hey Eddie. Hey Eddie. F he harassed me the whole season And I amm upset that they got another ring. But congratulations. And I'm gonna tell you something else. Even even watching Gillian watching GI Enthusiasm for the Eagles was enough for me to be like, damn, I want them to win. 'cause Gilly doing, I don't want, I don't wanna see, I'm not hear none of that. No, I don't wanna see Gilly doing all this dancing for nothing. We owe, you know what Emini here, the way Gilly move his shoulders.


I Definitely wanted to see him do all that dancing for nothing. I can't stand the Eagle. Goodbye. You hate him. Goodbye Travis. Up next baby. Next year baby. We back. We going to the Super Bowl. Y'all are not going to no Super Bowl. Ain't say next year though. Toilet bowl. I ain't say next year. I Just say we going one day. We going again. I know Taylor Swift hates you and Kanye West. Show y'all two black men be on hot ass. First of all, Kanye ain't black. Kanye is black. What's wrong with you? Kanye does not identify as black. Well, he doesn't identify as black. I bet you if you ask Kanye what ident? If you identify as black, he'll say no. Well, right now, well I'm, that's not shocking. Yeah, I'm not black. I'm Kanye, I'm not Black. I'm Kanye. Get it off your chest. 805 8 5 1 0 5 1. If you need to vent, hit us up.


Now's The Breakfast Club. Good morning. The Breakfast Club. Wake up. Whether you're mad Or blessed, it's Time to get up and get something. Call up Now. Eight five eight five one five one. We wanna hear from you on The Breakfast Club. Hello? Who's this? Oh man, good morning. Good morning. Peace and blessings. It's been a while. 2025. Where the hell you been? Sean Stone? What's going on? How you feeling? What's up? Hey, Didn't even notice. Hey, I've been working, I've been taking care of my kids, man. That's where I Feel. Congratulations black man. Congrats. Hey, hey, Jess. Good morning. What's up baby? How you doing? Good morning. I'm okay. Yeah, I, I be loving to hear your voice. Thank you. You know last week you put up, last week you put up our Just with a mess on your, on your Instagram page.


I'm like, man, just got a fresh face, man. You had on no makeup. Still looking. You know, you know. Thank you. She said, you know, You know. Yeah. Where? Where's that fake Morris nu guy at? You done? I'm here. Yes ma'am. How you doing? Hey, stop playing with me man. How you calling me man? I'm a man. How the family, how how the family. Oh, family. Hey y'all man. Family is done. I'm blessed. I'm working. I'm out here hustling baby. There you go. Emini Here. But I, I just, I just want to say, I'm wondering if p Diddy got my letter, man, I sent Diddy a letter. Man. Did you man me Back? Did you spray cologne on it? Yo, shut up. No, I didn't on it.


It's so funny. Tell him, man, And I, and one of my, in one of the, the lines that I wrote in the letter, I was telling him to keep his head up. You know what Emini here, because I was like, I know it's hard in this. But then after I said hard, I was like, man, I need to put pause. So lemme tell you something. Why, why, why did, why did you write, did your letter, all these stories you hearing been turning you on? Right? Well, no, no. I I just don't believe a lot of the story that I hear about Eddie being a sex trafficker and stuff like that. I don't believe none of that what he did to Cassie. Yeah, he was wrong for that. But all the other things, I don't believe none of that. That they trying to throw in that man. Man. Yeah. But why he need a letter.


I hope you was encouraging him to, you know, go get some therapy and go get some healing. And I, and deal with his demons. I hope he was right. I hope, I hope that that letter was about course. Of course. I said that in the letter too. I told that man to keep his head up. You know what, Emini here keep his head up. I know it's hard in there. Man. Stop Man. I, he Wrote that man a love letter. He wrote Didier four page letter. He wrote him a love letter. He wrote Didier four page letter and he sealed it with a kiss Is funny as hell. You wrote him a letter. You big go gate. You wrote did Cologne on it. Ain't nothing gay in that. You see, I, I'm a see you when you get home. You sound like one of those girls that fall in love With a good guy. Jail. You wrote him a four page letter and you sealed it with a kiss.


You see how this Is crazy, Judge? Yeah. This is crazy Man. Can you can't show a black man or a black woman any type of love out there and telling to hold their head Up. You don't even know Yo. Everything don't gotta be gay guys. Y'all ain't talking to Trav. We just talking. We trav, Trav, Trav, Trav call up here talking about football. Hold on, hold on, hold on. Trav call up here talking about football. You call up here talking about writing Didi a letter. Guess who sound gay in that equation. Which, talking about it hard. Keep your Head up sound gay. If I'm telling a black man that in jail to keep his head up. How is that gay man? I Was that because the gay said it yourself just hung up. I Have to be. Yes. Yes. Just tell these guys everything. Don't gotta be gay.


I be telling them that Y'all made the do the chase. That just Changing y'all man. Stop it. You say you a doodoo chaser. You say you a Dood chaser. No, Travis. A doodle chaser. That's crazy. You a doodoo chaser, right? Diddy? You do. And you chasing Diddy Doodoo. You chasing Diddy. Doodoo have a good word. He want Did hiatus one another. Hiatus. Y you crazy Y Get it off your just 805 8 5 1 0 5. Well we got just with the best coming up. What we talking about Jess? Yes. Kendrick Lamar Super Bowl performance is now the most watched of all time guys. All right, we'll get to that next. It's The Breakfast Club. Good morning. The Breakfast Club.


Charlamagne is a menace. No, this whole room is crazy. You crazy. Okay. This whole just a bunch of in insults flying. Everybody smoke walking in and Out. What I'm doing for Valentine's Day, I Think I heard with Sim walk out here and call me a whacks nigga. Damn, I feel Bad for all the single women up here. Like he, this guy disrespectful. He just, And I for no reason And I wasn't asking for no reason. I know you wasn't. No, he wasn't being shady. She just was Just say I was doing Valentine's. Jess goes, Jess goes, good morning everybody. We all The Breakfast Club, but Jess's behind the scenes. Lauren, what you doing for Valentine's Day? Just All start laughing. Lauren ain't doing nothing for Valenti. Just all start laughing. First of all, I'm doing stuff. Exactly. I'm doing stuff. Let's get to Jessica with the domestic Emini here. Real Jessica Robin Moore just don't do no lying.


Don't She Don't spare nobody Worldwide. Just worldwide message on The Breakfast Club. She's a coach. She was Able to get y'all to see something and understand something that nobody could get you to see. It's time to set it off. So he broke that record. Huh? He broke that record. Talk to him about Kendrick the, the Super Bowl performance. Yeah. So Kendrick Lamar yesterday was announced via Fox that his Super Bowl halftime performance is now the most watched Super Bowl halftime show in the history of the halftime show. Dropping A close bond from Kendrick Lamar drop a clue bond for Rock Nation. Let me ask you a question. I, I seen something online the way they said last year.


Roc Nation posted Usher did a certain number and then the number was backtrack. Is any of that true that I seen? I'm Not for sure about that part of it. I did see what, what you're talking about. However, Can half a breed over there hate? I'm not, I just seen something online and I'm asking hate. I'm not Emini Here. Y'all gonna find a way to try to make Hendrick not There was something online. Yeah. It was going And he didn't say O ho. OO ho. Envy's not a o ho in. Yes he Is. I'm never been Don't say anymore. Yeah, Emini here. 'cause he can delete his wholeness. I I'm not messing with y'all. I have no dog in this fight. I like Drake And I like Kendrick. Yeah, but You got an hour. So what is the number hour Dude? So, so Kendrick got, there was 1.3 three, a hundred thirty three 0.5 million people.


I said that wrong. 133.5 million people tuned in to watch Kendrick from between 8:30 PM and 8:45 PM 'cause the halftime show is short. People have to realize that. And I think the discrepancy comes in because when you talk about these numbers, it's not just television. You can stream it. Like there's so many other ways that you can listen. So all the data has to be collected. It Was on Tubby. It was, I watched it on Tubby. Absolutely. I was You better believe it was on tv. Now Usher had previously set this record envy. This is what you're talking about with the record of 129.3 million average viewers last year. They've Been setting the record every year though. Every year. Every record's been going up. It's been going up every year since Roc Nation been doing it. Yes sir.


So Roc Nation is doing a really good job. All told it was a great Sunday for the NFL Super Bowl. It was the most watched Super Bowl game ever with an average of 127.7 million viewers total compared to 123.7 million in 2024. And it beat Michael Jackson. Right. Because Michael Jackson was the biggest. This is at Kendrick Lamar in Congratulations to td. That's dope. Right? In history. Yes. Yeah. So there, there's a ton of numbers here, but yes, this, this broke records. Now I I will say s that yeah, congratulations to him. People still arguing about whether it was good or whether it wasn't, it was impactful. It did what it needed to do to people tuned in. Okay. Did. And I think the, the year that he had leading up to it had a lot to do with that. People were curious to see what he, what was gonna happen. Kendrick's performance is doing exactly what it should be doing.


And that's getting people talking. It's a discussion around his performance, a discussion around his art and Yeah. It did what it's supposed to do. Absolutely. It's some other, some other, speaking of Super Bowl, something happened with CJ Richardson mother, CJ Gardner. Alright, go ahead. Emini here. I'm, I'm, I'm not an Eagles fan. My bad. Yeah. CJ somebody, what happened? I got you. So CJ Gardner, who is a Eagles player, he took a jab at Travis Kelsey like right after the game because after the game there was a photo of Travis Kelsey and Taylor Swift hugging and kissing out just like, you know, she's kind of consoling him, him after the game or whatever. And CJ Gardner posted his Insta story, the photo of them, and he said, you should have stayed with that thick s word Drop on a clue, mom for CJ Gardner's what I'm talking about.


Type of hate. I like That's crazy. Want you Man. Yeah, I do not like that. It's 'cause he don't like Taylor Swift. Yeah, but my thing is your you already won. I Just say it's not that I'm mad at what CJ said, it's the fact that I don't like how they keep disrespecting Taylor Swift and she ain't do nothing but just be with this other, be with This. But let's be clear. He is right though. What you mean Emini? Here, come on. You stay with the thick. All right. But, but this the thing, he got my own business. He's white Travis Kel is white. He, he wasn't white when he was wearing Timberlands. He was wearing Timberlands White. He was Lauren, spicy male. He was still white. Showed up saying Super Bowl look like Elvis. I was so confused again. Nah, that was the UN job. Turkey.


Yes I did. That's Job. But, but, but Jess is right. You know, like he's he's with his kind. Yeah, yeah. Like why we care about that. And to clarify that White, to clarify. 'cause I said it was the photo of Travis and TGA Swift. He po CJ posted a photo of him and Travis on the field and then said you should have stayed with that thick S word now. Yeah. They were Probably arguing the whole game. I still like to hate it. I'm sure they was. Yeah, It's, oh, I, I'm, I'm here for it too. But here's the thing. Okay, so first of all, the thick girl that he's talking about, of course it's Kayla Nicole. Hmm. Kayla Nicole was getting dragged too just for being at the Super Bowl because she's an Eagles fan and she was on the field and she was celebrating. But people were coming to her defense. Now somebody who's gonna need somebody to come to their defense right now is CJ Gardner Johnson's mom, because she has a business, she owns a restaurant.


And right after he posted this, people, Taylor Swift fans went online and were literally trolling her restaurant. Right. Bad reviews and stuff like that. Yeah. Like bad reviews. Terrible customer service. Below average food. Hey, worst food of my life, the chicken was raw. They should close it down for putting people's lives at risk. Like it was so bad. Now I know that his parents spoke out and said that, you know, they're not sweating it or whatever. They said, you know, it's all jokes because their restaurant has actually been closed since January. So the reviews aren't gonna do anything to it. But it's just like y'all fans, is that connected? Yes. Yeah. The Teens to the celebrity. That's a bit much. Hello? This Is funny though. His mama put out a statement and said, yeah, we've seen all the reviews. The joke is really on the swifties and everyone entertaining the reviews because King's Grill is closed being close since January.


Stupid as Swifties being close since January. Damn. Yeah. Well at least they didn't go looting or anything like that. And they, they, his parents, CJ Garden Johnson, his parents name are Adell and Brian, they said they gonna be at the, the parade Friday. So pull up. They Basically, Yeah. What up? Basically Don't, don't Play with us big ones knocked the little No. Did Drake drop? Yeah. Drake and Drop Party dropped that out. No, he ain't drop his nuts in a year. You talking about, We talking about the Party Next Door album. Oh, the love songs for you. That's coming out. He didn't drop yet. That comes out on Valentine's Day. It's actually Party album, but Drake is reportedly gonna be featured on it.


He dropped album art yesterday though. So this album Art in, in the album Art, you see Drake, you see Party Next Door, they're covered in fur. And people were trying to like dissect this album art because this is the first time that we're seeing Drake do anything, you know, major like this musically since all of the Kendrick Lamar stuff and since the Super Bowl and blah blah, blah, blah, blah. Right. So people are trying to figure out like what the two towers in the background were and it was just like a whole thing online. I know. Party so mad. Now you want to do an album with me? I've been right next door all this time and you ain't wanna do nothing, but now you want to come out and play with me. That's right Now at a time like this. But, but guess what, he playing ain't he? Yeah.


Yeah. It's, It's still Drake. Like don't get a touch in it's still Drake. Like they're, They're actually in Melbourne right now. I think it's evening there or they're coming up on it. And fans believe that Drake is gonna bring Party Out and they might like just preview one of the songs that's Party In Australia. Is he out there? I don't know. I'm just telling you fans think online. The OBO squad thinks online, but the two towers in the back of the album are, they're actually the absolute world towers that this is in Party Next door is hometown of ma I don't know how you say this. Maa. Canada. Canada, Canada. You know, you know Envy. You said it's still Drake, but we haven't seen Drake perform without his superpowers yet. And what Emini here by that is when the album drops and you know, he's not getting all of the favors, he's not getting the the, The World is constantly changing.


If it's up to you to decide how to respond, choose to be bold to try something new. Choose to reinvent yourself. That's what Nissan did with the all new totally reimagined kicks. The dynamic new exterior styling immediately announces that Nissan isn't messing around the interior. A completely redesigned cabin with premium features like wireless Apple call play and a panoramic moonroof make driving a kicks immersive and exciting. And with new performance and safety features, like intelligent all wheel drive, the kicks is both fun and safer to drive than ever before. It is the dawning of a brand new era for the Nissan Kicks. Only one question remains. Is it a new era for you as well? Drive the all new Reimagined Nissan Kicks today. Available Features compatible device service and consumer activation of Nissan Connect Services. Package required use only when safe and legal subject to third party service availability for more information, see Nissan usa.com/connect/legal. Apple CarPlay is a trademark of Apple Link. Intelligent all-wheel drive cannot prevent collisions or provide enhanced traction in all conditions. Always monitor traffic and weather conditions.


At and t has a new guarantee because most things in life are not guaranteed. Like actually getting the rental call you requested or your wedding turning out just like you dreamed it would. And someone making another pot of coffee in the break room after drinking the last drop of the last one. Yeah, don't get me started. Not guaranteed. In The World where nothing is guaranteed at and t is bringing something new to the table. At and t is introducing a guarantee. With connectivity, you depend on deals you want and service you deserve or they make it right. So if you wanna know more about the at t guarantee, head to att.com/guarantee. Att connecting changes everything, terms and conditions apply. Visit att.com/guarantee for details.


Hey fam, if you're like me, you are thinking about how to level up in your career. Maybe you're fresh out of college just starting in your field or even looking to switch things up and find your true calling. Whatever stage you're in, remember that this is your time to grow, to learn, and to build something that lasts. State Farm understands that early career development is key to long-term success. They've been a steady presence in our communities and they know that having the right support early on can make all the difference. State Farm is there to help you make smart moves and to help you get the coverage you need. We all know that the journey to success is a marathon, not a sprint. It's about staying focused, staying grounded, and making sure you're protected every step of the way. Let's build our careers with confidence knowing that State Farm is there to support us just like they've always been because like a good neighbor, a State Farm is there. Find out more at State Farm dot com.


American Public University understands the challenges of balancing education with a busy ever changing life. Whether you're part of a military family managing PCs moves or a working professional juggling career and family, A PU offers the flexibility you need to succeed. Deliver online APUS programs make it possible to learn wherever life takes you. And courses are offered in eight and 16 week formats with monthly start dates so you can begin when it's convenient and progress at a pace that's comfortable for you. A PU is committed to making education affordable for everyone. For active duty, military and their families. The preferred military rate is just 250 per credit hour. Veterans and their families can benefit from the veteran grant, which provides 10% off undergrad and master's levels tuition. And for everyone else, the Opportunity Grant offers the same 10% tuition savings, making higher education within reach for all. Visit ap.ap.edu/military to learn more American public university education that moves with you.


The the the special. Oh yeah, the special looks on the playlist. He's not getting the special looks at radio. He's not getting the special looks from the label. What is that Drake gonna look like? I don't know. I'm not saying that, you know, but he still has fans. He definitely got fans. He's Got a lot of people that love him and support him. That's For him. But are they gonna show up? Yeah. We don't know. Think they, we don't know how heavy he is on this album yet either. It's rumored that he's supposed to be featured on every single song. But what if he's only on one? He said it. He said its a collaboration album. Emini here. I know he's on the album, but every si. So he confirmed that every single song he, it's A collaboration album between him and party. That's what he said. Well, he's on the front of the art, so we'll see what Happens. So we going, we got, we need to see, we gotta see what he looks like when his superpowers have been neutralized. That's just a fact. We gotta see. We don't know. I'm not saying that.


I'm not saying that his fans aren't gonna show up 'cause he definitely has fans. We just don't know what he's going look like without the superpowers all. Without all the favors from radio, without all the favors from the playlist, without all the favors from the label pushing things. We gotta see what it look like. We about to see. All right. Six, Nine. That's colonizing left to do, but just more colonization. Then we just gotta colonize. We gonna see It's gotta colonize That is just what the mess I wanna tell you Lauren be asking me to ask stupid questions too. Right? That Is not a stupid, Nobody has to you to ask stupid questions. Yes, Lauren be calling me Lauren. Be like You are a manufacturer. Shut up. Thank You Charlotte. Shut up. But let them know because this is how you develop exclusives. Go ahead Lauren. Be like, yo, can you ask them if there's any jewels on the album cover that we didn't see yet that we could break down?


Can you tell what does the FS mean? Ask me That. Oh, My OVO people. The source. The sources. Okay. Okay. She be teaching us how to reach out. Yeah, reach out. Can you reach out and see what the Fs mean? Has it what? The buildings in the background. How come we can't see Drake's face? I'm like, I'm not asking all that stupid stuff. My little razzle dle razzle dazzle has added, but did you die? Are you guys good? And I Did that. I asked all those questions too. Exactly. Alright, we'll be back with those answers. Hopefully. Thank you. We got front base news when we come back and then, and then two chains, Alchemist and Larry June will be joining us is The Breakfast Club. Good morning. Morning everybody. It's DEJ Envy, just hilarious. Charlamagne the guy. We are The Breakfast Club. Let's get in some front page news. Start off with some quick sports. Again, we just gotta congratulate Kevin Durant. He became the eighth NBA player to score over 30,000 points.


So congratulations to kd. Amazing career KD has had, man couple, a couple of championships MVP awards over 30,000 points. Yep, he did that. Absolutely. Morning Morgan. Good morning. Good morning. Yes, we'd love to see it. Shout out to the real MVP out of the DMV. I'm just saying. All right, y'all though, president Trump, he says the US taking over Gaza will lead to peace in the Middle East. Speaking alongside the King of Jordan on Tuesday, Trump said the Gaza Strip was a, is a war torn region and added that Palestinians will be moved to what he called a safer place. He also doubled down on a Saturday deadline for Hamas to release all remaining hostages. And he said he doesn't think Hamas will meet that deadline.


Let's hear more from Trump and We're gonna take it, we're gonna hold it, we're going to cherish it. We're going to get it going eventually. Where a lot of jobs are gonna be created for the people in the Middle East. It's, it's gotta be for the people in the Middle East, but I think it can be a diamond. I don't wanna do two. And then we do another two in another week and then we do four and three weeks now. No, they either have 'em out by Saturday at 12 o'clock or all bets are off. Yeah. So Jordan, the Jordan King Abdullah, the second pledge to take in 2006 Palestinian children. He further said conversation amongst Egypt and other Arab nations will be ongoing in an effort to come to common ground in regards to this.


Now Israel is gathering troops in and around Gaza ahead of Haas's hostage release deadline. The militant group threatened to delay the release of hostages after accusing Israel violating their ceasefire agreement. Now, prime minister Benjamin Netanyahu, he warned that the Gaza ceasefire would end if Hamas would end, if Hamas did not release the hostages this weekend. Netanyahu said in a statement, in light of Hamas' announcement of its decision to violate the agreement and not release our hostages. I instructed the IDF last night to amass forces inside and around the Gaza Strip. So we are looking at this Saturday deadline of 12:00 PM according to us, the or or what President Trump has said.


But you know, it seems as though as Israel is basically we're aligning with our allies. Yeah. Are they going to even, you know, are the other country, are they the other countries? Are they even gonna get the opportunity to take those children from Palestine in or will all of those children be killed on Saturday? You know, and 'cause when you say you are sending them to a, a, a, a better place, that's what, you know, president Trump said is that, is that safer place or better place heaven. Right. Are they, because they, they, they don't seem like they're trying to get these folks to a safer place if you going to use force or war, you know, to get them out because, And I asked this question yesterday and I'm asking it again, if they don't meet the deadline on Saturday and you just send troops in there to wreck everything, are the hostages gonna get killed when y'all in there just wrecking everything? Everybody like, I don't Yeah, you're right.


Everybody's gonna get killed And I don't, I don't, I don't get it. Yeah, No, to your point, it, it is very vague. It is very vague and there's no, and all hell breaking loose is not definitive. We don't know what that actually means. Yeah. Especially when there's still hostages there. You don't want all hell to break loose while the hostage is still there. Right. If you seem, if you're, if you genuinely care about the hostages, Absolutely. Absolutely. Switching gears, but also still in some international affairs, you know, a prince, a Pennsylvania teacher and prison in Russia on drug charges since 2021, he's back in America. Mark Fogel arrived at the White House last night after being released by the Kremlin and flown out of the country on a jet of President Trump's special envoy to the Middle East, wi Steve Woff. Now he was arrested on charges of bringing medical marijuana into Russia into 20, in 2021.


And was classified wrong as wrongfully detained by the Biden administration last year. An oppressor at the White House last night. Fogel, thanks everyone who helped get him home. And Trump said the deal was fair, but he did not elaborate on whether or not he spoke to President Vladimir Putin about that deal. Let's hear more from Fogel and Trump. I Feel like the luckiest man on earth right now. And I want you to know that I am not a hero in this at all. Very fair, very, very fair. Very reasonable. Not like deals you've seen over the years. They were very fair. I think this could be the very important element. You could be a big part of it actually, because it could be a big important part of getting the war over with Ukraine.


Congratulations to that man. Gotta know the laws of other countries you traveled to though we may be legal here, it may be medicinal here, you take that somewhere else, But you hear so many stories. How many times do we have to tell stories of people getting locked up and getting locked up for a long time before people say, you know what? Maybe I better not carry it. Yeah, yeah. But it's not, it is not even just weed Emini here. It could be anything. It could be a a a a spent casing. You could have gone to the gun range and, and took the same bag, you know, to the, to the airport. Yep. You guys really gotta be careful traveling overseas, period. But that goes to say that there is supposed to also be another American hostage that will be released today. This comes of course as Brittany Griner, Paul Waylan, Trevor Reed and Evan Sitz are some of the most recent Americans released in prisoner swaps from Russia.


Meanwhile, switch things to you guys in New York. An update up top New York City Mayor Eric Adams says it's time to move on. After the Justice Department instructed the Southern District of to New of New York to dismiss the corruption case against him. He said he will focus on serving New Yorkers. And once again, he denied any wrongdoing. Let's hear from New York City Mayor Eric Adams. We can put this cruel episode behind us and focus entirely on the future of our city. It's time to move forward that many New Yorkers will still question my character. And I know that I must continue to regain your trust.


I never broke the law And I never would, I would never put any personal benefit above my solemn responsibility as your mayor. Yeah. So regaining the trust of New Yorkers is probably gonna be a serious task. Adams was set to go on trial in April for federal corruption charges. Critics have argued that he cozied up to the Trump administration in an effort to get the case dropped or be granted a pardon. Now, New York governor Kathy Hoel, she says she is monitoring the situation and of course after the Southern District was requested to drop that case and see she does say she has confidence in the mayor, but she's going to continue to, you know, monitor the situation and see what happens.


So, Well the reality is New Yorkers don't really trust anybody. Okay? So, so, so it's a, so it's a New York thing regardless. I understand what Mayor Adams is trying to say, but you're fine Mayor Adams. But What is the governor gonna watch? He says she's gonna watch over it. What she, what, what is she gonna do? She can't do nothing about it. Right? Emini here. Yeah. Unless she's, I don't know what she's trying to say. Watch it sound like when you, when you say stuff like that, it's like, all right, now we watching your ass. Okay. Yeah. Yeah. Mr. Innocent. All right. Yeah. Yeah. Mr. Never committed no crime. We got, we got eyes on you. Yeah, well, you know, she wants to make sure that, you know, he is doing his job in terms of servicing the people of New York or the city of New York and she says she's gonna continue to work with him on their mutual priorities. So, you know, I guess it's just a matter of getting back to work and making sure that none of this, 'cause you know, she had to answer to some of the things that was going on with him.


So maybe she just wants to, you know, smooth it all over. Okay. I'm gonna continue to watch the monitor situation and yeah, let's get back to work with the people of New York. So there you go. But then that's it. That's your front page news. I'm Morgan Wood, follow me on social at Morgan Media. And for more news coverage, follow at Black Information Network. Download the free iHeartRadio app. Visit us@binnews.com. Thank y'all. Have a safe and warm Wednesday. Peace Morgan. All right, later Morgan. Now when we come back, two chains, Larry June and the Alchemist will be joining us. They have a new album called Life is Beautiful and we gonna talk to them next. So don't go anywhere. It's The Breakfast Club. Good morning, The Breakfast Club Morning everybody.


It's DJ JNV. Just hilarious. Charlamagne the guy. We are The Breakfast Club. We got some special guests in the building this morning. Yes indeed. We got the Alchemist. We got Larry June and two Chains. Welcome. Good. Your album Life is Beautiful is out right now. Early Album of the Year Contender. It's still early. It's only February early album of the year. Contender man. I Appreciate that man. So how y'all brothers feeling? Ain't feeling good man, how about you? I'm good man. Well First of all, chains had to make the walk. Number one. You a legend. That's number one. But number two chains was the first, the first Breakfast club show we ever did. Oh boy. And the first person answer anything was two chains. And how'd you get two chains around? All That don't matter. That's bad. Nah, Nah, nah.


That don't Matter. Jesse. You weren't here, so No, wasn't at the time we didn't have no money. Right. So two chains did it for the love and Charlemagne was supposed to handle transportation. I knew what chain was Red Hot Emini here. Red hot. Like red Hot like early two early incarnate what? What's the word? Incarnations of two chains. Mm. Don't know where red that is. But Charlemagne was supposed to handle car service. Charlemagne man had a car. Charlemagne didn't say it was a caravan. Picked up two chains in the caravan. Yes. Yes he did. Oh man, you just thought that was cool. I didn't have no money. He thought that he started off man. But you supposed to Let know a van gonna come pick him up and outta a black truck. I didn't Know they was going in a van. I thought they had S SUV V or so. But chains ne, he never, he never beat, never complained, never complained, never Talked about Y'all show and always never talked about, always show us love.


We always appreciate that. Thank you sir. Stop. How y'all three link up for this album? Well, let me see. I know Larry And I worked together before. Yeah. I'm a fan of his music, you know what I'm saying? He a player, you know what I'm saying? I'm a player. I don't know. We had a conversation like just about doing a couple of records. Yeah. And he, he's somebody that, that is into like cohesiveness and everything. So he was like, we just need to do one producer. You know what I'm saying? We gonna rob a Al And it just started becoming like, you know what I'm saying, every time a song was finished it started becoming just dope and dope. You know what Emini here. Yeah. And I felt like man, we probably need to buy six, seven more. You know what I'm saying? Yeah. Before you knew it is like what he said early contender for album of the year. And How did Alchem get to play?


How, why was he the producer? Why he was the one that's like, this is the sound we want for this one. Didn't Y'all lock in? We Had, we was already working. Like we, we had been talking for a while. We had a couple records in motion like the last couple years. Yeah, I've been working with Al but with me, a lot of my projects, they would have different producers. So I would have two or three Al type joints on it feel good. But people would just kind go towards the party records of the trap records. So it felt good for me just to do what I really like to do best is, and that's rap, you know, two chain, those real hip hop beat that boom bat, you know, Emini here. That sun Dun Yo, yo sun dun yo yo yo yo yo, yo yo. What about those type of s That sound energizes your pin though. Ah, my voice is able to cut drum samples with the trap drums.


I'll be having to like kind of yell a little bit. I can sit down and record when I'm doing these songs. I'll be having to stand up record trap songs and then, And I be having to kind of be creative and sometime it hit it and sometime it miss, but I have to be creative around the drums and kind of peek my head out. But with those loops and things like that, I able just to get my idea across Looser. Yeah, you get looser on those beat 'cause it's like, it's just a filet. It's not like, you know, like it's kind of understated the production. So it leaves room for like the lyricist. Like if you, if you got something to say on those type of beats, you're gonna flourish. Yeah. You know, change Larry, there are those type of MCs, like less is more exp Expound on that Emini here. Like a filet? Like a, yeah, like a raw filet of music versus like a stacked up.


Like I would like compare like a trap beat to something that's layered up, I guess focus on a vocal. Some of these are kind of just raw and it's just like a mood. You know what Emini here, where it's like they're just to just to move their pen. So it's like the focus is on the lyricists. People who know music know two chain has always been top tier with the pen, but he always had the knack to make hit records too. Exactly. You know, but that never fooled me. Like I could tell the MCs like a big Sean or somebody who's like, yo, he makes hit records, but he can rap. Yeah. Extremely well like with anybody who you would put on any list, you know? So, So that's your comfort zone. A trap is not really a trap. You just do for us. You ain't really, that's Ain't nah. So of course I trapped before. Right? Right. And even on this type of subject matter, I talk about the streets and the trap, but early on I'm always throw tech under the bus for this.


You know, early on I was doing a mix tape. It was called All Ice on Me. It was a double mix tape. It was him and Scream. And then I gave tech like some my yo kids stuff. And he was like, boy, I don't want, I want some, well gimme some of that trap. And then when I gave him some of that trap, he came back with like data saying, boy, I'm telling you, they rocking with this right here. So he was more as a manager, more data driven as far as like what the people were leaning towards. When I would drop a project that had some, some lyrics and some trap stuff, you know what Emini here. But you know, I'm in, I'm in this thing to like to show growth anyway and to show that anything's possible. You know what I'm saying? I ain't get my meetings styles after 30, you know what I'm saying? I'm still out here having more motion in the ocean. Know what I'm saying? Businesses doing good.


The raps gonna come out. We gonna talk about how we got these businesses and this passive income going, we gonna pop it like that. You know what I'm saying? I ain't spending no blocks. I ain't got time to go to jail. Leave my family I ain't on no crash Stu Mission. You could never get me like that. So it's just like, I just stay out the way. I'm very, very highly confident in everything I do. And so that's my comfort zone, knowing that when I walk in the room, my chin up, my chest out, I'm like that. You know what I'm saying? Like, man, God did his thing with me. What I like about you, Larry, you rap about, you rap about a lot of health and organic living, like what got you into a mindfulness lifestyle and what made you start putting that in in your music? You know, I started a little, like, I dropped my first mix tape when I was 15 And I was kind of talking about a lot of that I wasn't really like fully into then I, I had just tuned into my real, what I was into in like my actual life.


And when I started rapping about my day to day to just, to start working for me, you know what Emini here, I'm kind of like him. I didn't make no, no bread until to my thirties really too. So, you know, I had to go through the ups and downs and really finding myself as a artist and when I start talking about the, that I really like to do it just kind of start coming natural for Me. So early on you had a lot of capping your rap. Yeah, I was, I was 15, 16, you know, I just kind of more influenced by the hip hop, you know what Emini here and just finding myself as a artist, you know what Emini here and when I started doing that and really follow on like what I wanna do it start working Out. Did somebody tell you or did you, you just checked yourself. Did somebody be like, come on bro. Nobody didn't tell me I was around all that. You know, I'm from that, you know what I'm so kind of, that was like my, my environment, but it was just more like what can I bring different to the game? I was like, you know, it's only one me.


I could talk about my life and what I do and people will relate to it. Some people might not, but you know, people will, and I'm thankful that some people do. You talk about financial literacy a lot too, which is interesting 'cause you know, two chains, he talks about flexing a lot, right? So, and, and, and spending a lot. So how did that, you know, mesh in the studio Listening to a lot of audio books, you know, high school like, you know, Robert Kawasaki, like just trying to do better, you know, what Emini here coming from that environment and you know, just trying to switch it up and do something different and have longevity in my career. So I start acknowledging myself about things like that and just, you know, put it into the music, you know what Emini here and letting people know not to major and minor things, but I still, I still flex. I talk, my likes a little different, you know, Emini here I might talk about a $15 orange juice or some like that.


I'm just saying hop out, Hop out with the velo suit the bucket. Yeah, the Bucket had cocked to the side. Very peaceful. You know what I'm talking about? How long did This, this project take? 'cause I saw in the interview you said if you, Larry, you said rapping too long gives you anxiety. How do you cope with that? I ain't working with change. He, he, he changed that, but he, he, he worked so quick and he, he on he on my phone with a verse, with a verse. I had to switch my whole program most. So this, this was pretty quick. You know what Emini here we got a few records we didn't put out yet. And it was, I ain't gonna, I was keeping up with change. I ain't gonna lie. He was, he was giving me the sauce And I was, yeah. See what I can do and me come different on here. So like, work, working with chains and al like definitely took me out my element. You know what Emini here, different patterns and topics and it's making me a better mc.


I'm, I'm very thankful. Is That pressure though? Yeah. Huh? Is that pressure when he on your line by a verse? It it ain't, it ain't pressure. It is more like I'm just, I'm, I'm getting better. You know what Emini here, he, he a real lyricist. He really, really do this. So like, he give me like style And I ain't even thought about even doing Emini here, rap like this and try this and this putting me in a different box. Just like when I did the Greatest Escape with you, I was telling him like, man, love these beast dudes. He was putting me young men in the deep, he made us, I think he made us both step up. Yeah. Just 'cause of the level that changed is as an artist and as a perfectionist. Like we went out to Atlanta and got to work with him in his lab and just got to like get his energy and his world was like, I understand how they work is different. Super impressive. Like when he got built up, I don sleep in his, in his city.


It's like I went home like as a different animal just seeing his operation. Like James is a mastermind. So both of us going out there seeing his operation in Atlanta was like super motivating. Like yeah we gotta, All right, we got more with two chains, Larry, June and Alchemist, when we come back that album Life is beautiful. It's out right now. It's The Breakfast Club. Good morning. Morning everybody. It it's D EJ Envy, just hilarious. Charlamagne the guy We are The Breakfast Club. We're still kicking it with two chains. Larry, June and Alchemist. That album Life is beautiful. It's out right now. Charlamagne, I love that song. Generations, you know, the hook is we, the generation got all these kids on the dirty Sprite. We the generation got got them on the Perkins every night. We the generation got 'em on switches.


What was the conversation about that hook? Because Larry, you from that generation that was influenced by a lot of that. So I know y'all had to have a conversation about that song. It just, when you look at, you know how it is, you know everybody, you get a little older, they, they try to unc you to death. They try to drink more syrup than you to death. They try to smoke more whatever than you to death. You gotta be like, bro, we the one turned y'all out. You know what I'm saying? We the one that got y'all. It's like when I go back And I listen to somebody like Eight Ball and Mjg who I came up on, they had songs like Armed robbery. They had me lurking, you know what Emini here. And so it's the same thing that I know. If it wasn't the music, it's the videos, it's the long blunts and videos we had. It's the double cup. This stuff y'all daddy was a, a attracted to.


And then y'all come up and, well not y'all, I'm just talking about in general, you know what I'm saying? Some people come up and so that's where the, the generation idea came from. Like we kind of the generation that kinda might have messed up some stuff. You know what I'm saying? Absolutely. You know what I'm saying? Lack of parental advisory going on nowadays. So, you know, lack of church, God and everything, you know what I'm saying? So the next generation is more prone to listen to somebody who went through it too. Yeah. And survived it than they are to somebody who just telling them, Hey, don't do this and that. But you didn't go through none of that. Yeah. Who gave you the game, Larry? 'cause Emini here, you got such a good head on your shoulders. Emini here, like I said, you talk about financial literacy, you talk about mindfulness. One of the bars I love on this album, you say, I never had a, that was hard to keep found out.


Found one solid hole was all I needed. I'm like, for, for such a, for a young man to understand that, especially for the lifestyle you live in. Yeah. That's what it found on that line for me. Just from, you know, you know, I, I had my kid early 19, you know what Emini here And I, you know, I was fortunate to have been a, a single father very early And I just kind of changed my mindset on even like having women around period. Like, you know, my son ain't been around multiple women at all. So it was like just showing him like, I'm not married or nothing like that. So he never really got to see, see that. So I had to always like let him know that, look, I'm not married like this, but it's, it's good to get married, you know, have one person that you're dealing with. And I wasn't always like that, but as I got older I started understanding like, man, one solid woman can change everything.


And You say older you 33? Yeah, I'm, I'm, you know, but yeah, I'm still doing numbers. Yeah, man. No, I feel like I, I feel like I done lay this like a couple times. I'm like, I ain't gonna hold you. I feel like I'm way older and I feel like there ain't no peace. Peace. Like having one solid woman is peace. You know what Emini here, I feel like, you know what Emini here, I haven't really experienced that fully yet. You know what Emini here, but I'm getting there. I think it bring a lot of peace. It can help you work more. And I realized that when I was recording that song. So was it, Was it your father, your uncle? Just life, like It was more of life. 'cause I had, I used to have a multiple, you know, I was a multiple kind of guy. Like, you know, I had honeycomb high, I was, you know what I'm saying, spots like a cheetah.


You know what Emini here, you Know, I, I Was moving and grooving and it was taking up too, too much of my time. And you know what I'm saying from like working and distractions, being with my kid and dealing with this situation and this happened And I got caught text that's too much extra. Like, you know what I'm talking about? So yeah. That, that's kind of where that line came from. How important is that James? Because you, you know, you, you a married man yourself, you always see out with your queen. How important is that to have that? Oh, it's very important for me, man. Especially having somebody, the matriarch to take care of, make sure the home straight, make sure the little miscellaneous stuff straight. Yeah. Someone that fully supports me, listens to my music, critiques me. She sent me a very, very dope message the morning I woke up, the first message I read was from Keisha saying, basically saying I was a lyrical guy.


Just big, just doing what she's supposed to do with my ego. You know what I'm saying? Massaging that thing. Yeah. You know, and so, you know, me and her, we laugh every single day, man. We got the same habits, you know what I'm saying? We go out, you know what I'm saying? She come to Candyland with me. It's, it's like, you know what I'm saying? And when you find somebody like that, I love that line as well. You know what I'm saying? We shot the video for that. I, I thought I was like bomb. I'm saying one, but I don't think they kept my part in the video. But anyway, that's why it was cool working with him because even though the difference between him And I think Wayne is, Wayne is a more metaphoric type of mc, you know what I'm saying? Style Mc, you know what I'm saying? And a word play physics with Larry.


He just like very direct lifestyle driven, you know what I'm saying? And so it was cool for me to pop out my lifestyle. Like, bro, I'm having this going on, let me talk. You know what I'm saying? It was more like, it was more like cool ways to express that you not dumb. You know what I'm saying? That's what this project really, it is just a cool way to express that. Like you man, there ain't ain't no dumb brothers right there. You know what I'm, you Inspired me too seeing you, how you move with your wife. I'm like, yeah, that's how you do it. That's how, how you rocking and got your kids and that's real. You know what Emini here, I was really inspired by that. You know what Emini here, even you talking about your wife all the time. Like yeah, that's, that's how you do it. You know, that's real boss. Every boss got they queen. You know what I'm talking about, right? So yeah. How old is your son? 13. He just turned 13. He at the hotel right now. He had to, I had to bring him out school for this man. But, but see The, okay, so how does that work?


You know what Emini here, because you don't hear about a lot of single dads with these careers. How do you juggle that? It's, it's tough. How he was torn with me since he was little. Like, you know what Emini here, I potty trained him on a sprinter van. Mm. You know what Emini here. So like sometimes I can make it work like my dad, he'd help me on my, my grandmother or my mom would fly in and help. But it get times like this where it's like, you gotta slide, come On. Yeah. Pack up. Thats right. We get the online working, you get to get him a room and we just try to, we just get it done And I just, I'm just trying to make it happen. It do get tough. Yeah. It be it be on your, on your conscious like damn, I'm doing the right thing as a parent. He need to be at school for these three days or whatever. But he he learning other things too. Different circumstances. Yeah. Learning other things.


So, and he, he very like ahead of the game for that. Just some traveling with us and seeing different things. Being able to meet, you know what Emini here artists and, and he, you know, it's, he a big inspiration to behind Y Y'all talk about that though, on life is beautiful. Y'all talk about trying to balance being a father. Yeah. You know, and y'all career. So that's conversation that y'all have off the mic. I think it's just evident just the energy. He, he he gonna talk, you know, Emini here, he spoke about Eli a couple times and then, you know, I'm, I'm Halo like the second highest earner in my household, you know what I'm saying? Bang that Hard. He get money. Halo. How do you do with your son? Because I seen your son hollering at women Halo like that. Do you tell Him chill out a little bit?


Wait a little bit or I ain't never told Halo to even be humble. You that cocky stay there that Yeah. You know, I'm stay there. You that confident, cocky, don't even man humble. We don't, because he always ask me what this mean, what this mean. If he ever ask me what humble me, I'm like, I don't know. I don't know. Stay like you are. And it's just about installing confidence, especially in, you know, young black boys, you know what I'm saying? I'm on him about, you know, getting his books done, whether he reading on the way to train or whatever. But it's just, you know, it's a blessing to have because I honestly feel like he is a direct reflection of my father who passed in 2012. Mm. I felt like Halo. He just too mature to be nine years old. He certainly is. Yeah. So I'd be like, man, and he's sarcastic just like my dad was.


So I really, I'm into, you know, I'm a spiritual type of person so I'm, I'm, I'm kind of into that. And then my two girls, they growing up driving. My oldest is driving to school. So it just like, you look up man, next thing you know, you know the house gonna be empty in a little bit, whatever that is. You know what I'm saying? But it was cool to kind of pop about it over these type of vibes. You know what I'm saying? And that's, that's, that's what it is. I don't think it's about what the numbers we going to do. I think if we thought about that we want drop the week of the Super Bowl knowing that that's gonna height Kendrick's numbers. You know what I'm saying? I think it was about putting out a project that has replay value. Yeah. I haven't heard one person that just played at one time.


I keep saying I can't take it out. I can't stop playing it. And I, I can sleep good at night knowing that. Well let's, let's get into a join off album. What y'all wanna hear. Generation, generation, Generation All, well let's get into generation. It's The Breakfast Club. Good morning. That was Generation from Two Chains, Larry, June and Alchemist that in the building. That album Life is Beautiful, is out right now. Now two chains. How did you and Little Wayne become so cool? Like, I know y'all did numerous projects, numerous songs, mix tapes. How did y'all become so cool? The way I met Wayne was just like this. I was obviously selling weed and, but I was selling weed. I was selling weed, but I was using the money to, to book studio time at Patchwork. You know, that's where people went.


And so I was in like a little B room and baby them from cash money was in the a room 30 cash money dudes, whatever, whatever. So somebody came to me and say, them boys next door needs some weed. So I'm like, I come over there, you know what I'm saying? It's like the number one, you know what I'm saying? I'm, I'm being cool. But like, he wasn't smoking at the time, but he had some other guys. They take my weed. I'm telling him, I think the zip was like four 50 at the time, you know? Okay. You know what I'm saying? I take, I give him the zips. Don't no money come, you know, damn, I'm have to, I don't know why I can't give nobody no weed. I ain't in that position. So I end up going to New Orleans with them, following them about this 900 Hundred, Follow them about this 900.


And so this was before Katrina. I, you know, they had all these mansions. Everybody had a matching, they had a mansion for everybody. Then everybody had their own matching. Right? I'm standing in the mansion for everybody. They got a big jacuzzi as a living room sofa. It just, this is many years ago. And at this point, I'm not a full rapper. I'm a trapper. One day Wayne comes over and we go out in like the indoor pool and we smoke some gas together. You know what I'm saying? And that I, that's how I met Wayne following baby to New Orleans about these $900 that he, he eventually gave. Did you ever get The $900? I got, I got the money. Okay. Okay. He came in with a new car. He was like, y'all something about the car. I came like that. I said, Hey man, hey OGI really, I'm really going need I'm way in New Orleans.


Really? He Like, oh, so here you go slim. He did it. So yeah. Never Collected it. So every time you see him you could be like, yo, you owe me. I would've been more valuable. No, I need you needed it. Then I looked up, I was on the way to New Orleans about that. I'm like, they go to Toma Ice slim. We out here, we out where we, where we going? Let's my going. Ain't got nothing to do. I go to New Orleans, but I'm not a hundred. But you know, you ever thought about changing your name again because you went from Titty boy to two chains and now you, you know, you a mogul. You ever thought about I go by Tony. Okay. And Antonio. Antonio. Antonio. Antonio. Yeah. I aint, I ain't say two the whole album. Mm. Damn. I ain't even think about that. I did. Damn. But That was intentional.


Absolutely intentional. Wow. Watch your name. The album Life is beautiful. That's how we was feeling at the time. Like life was feeling beautiful. Change. Change came up with that one, right? Yeah. Because honestly the song that Larry did life is beautiful. I really love that song. I really love that song. I love it. Appreciate that. The context, the content of it. And then when I thought about it, and obviously I thought about it before the, 'cause I thought about the LA fires as well because I got homes in LA and so I was like, but any of Them affected? Nah man, God is good. Thank God I'm trying to sell one y'all so I'll let me. But I said it to say that I didn't want to be offensive to somebody whose life wasn't beautiful at the time, but I kind of just over, I overrode my opinion on that.


And I just brought it to the guys. I think we should call life as beautiful. 'cause I think if you just got life period, you know what I'm saying? If you just got life that alone period, that's, that's what I was trying to like, you know what I'm saying? Pinpoint right there. Right


Now you didn't meet. The World is constantly changing. If it's up to you to decide how to respond, choose to be bold to try something new. Choose to reinvent yourself. That's what Nissan did with the all new totally kicks the dynamic. New exterior styling immediately announces that Nissan isn't messing around the interior. A completely redesigned cabin with premium features like wireless Apple call play and a panoramic moonroof make driving a kicks immersive and exciting. And with new performance and safety features, like intelligent all-wheel drive, the kicks is both fun and safer to drive than ever before. It is the dawning of a brand new era for the Nissan Kicks. Only one question remains. Is it a new error for you as well? Drive the all new Reimagined Nissan Kicks today. Available Features compatible device service and consumer activation of Nissan Connect Services. Package required use only when safe and legal subject to third party service availability. For more information, see Nissan usa.com/connect/legal. Apple CarPlay is a trademark of Apple Link. Intelligent all-wheel drive cannot prevent collisions or provide enhanced traction in all conditions. Always monitor traffic and weather conditions.


Hey fam, if you're like me, you are thinking about how to level up in your career. Maybe you're fresh out of college just starting in your field or even looking to switch things up and find your true calling. Whatever stage you're in, remember that this is your time to grow, to learn, and to build something that lasts. State Farm understands that early career development is key to long-term success. They've been a steady presence in our communities and they know that having the right support early on can make all the difference. State Farm is there to help you make smart moves and to help you get the coverage you need. We all know that the journey to success is a marathon, not a sprint. It's about staying focused, staying grounded, and making sure you're protected every step of the way. Let's build our careers with confidence knowing that State Farm is there to support us just like they've always been because like a good neighbor's State Farm is there. Find out more at State Farm dot com.


American Public University understands the challenges of balancing education with a busy ever changing life. Whether you're part of a military family managing PCs moves or a working professional juggling career in family, A PU offers the flexibility you need to succeed. Deliver online APUS programs make it possible to learn wherever life takes you. And courses are offered in eight and 16 week formats with monthly start dates so you can begin when it's convenient and progress at a pace that's comfortable for you. A PU is committed to making education affordable for everyone. For active duty, military and their families, the preferred military rate is just 250 per credit hour. Veterans and their families can benefit from the veteran grant, which provides 10% off undergrad and master's levels tuition. And for everyone else, the Opportunity Grant offers the same 10% tuition savings, making higher education within reach for all. Visit apu.apu.edu/military to learn more American public University education that moves with you.


This podcast is sponsored by Talkspace. You know when you're really stressed or not feeling so great about your life or about yourself, talking to someone who understands can really help. But who is that person? How do you find them? Where do you even start? Talkspace. Talkspace makes it easy to get the support you need. With Talkspace, you can go online, answer a few questions about your preferences, and be matched with a therapist. And because you'll meet your therapist online, you don't have to take time off work or arrange childcare. You'll meet on your schedule wherever you feel most at ease. If you're depressed, stressed, struggling with a relationship, or if you want some counseling for you and your partner or just need a little extra one-on-one support, Talkspace is here for you. Plus Talkspace works with most major insurers and most insured members have a $0 copay. No insurance, no problem. Now get $80 off of your first month with promo code space 80 when you go to talkspace.com. Match with a licensed therapist today@talkspace.com. Save $80 with code space eighty@talkspace.com.


The grams. Now originally was that a gospel record? Yeah. Or supposed to be a gospel record? The sample is from a gospel gospel record. Yeah. Yeah. The sample was, how Do you feel when people make your beats like dish record? It happens a lot to me. It does happen to you a lot like 50 over the animal thing back then and it was the bang bang. And I become like, I want to be Switzerland. Really? I try to tell the rappers, Hey I'm Switzerland. Like leave me out of it. You know, I don't, but they end up making me the battleground Emini here. I'm indifferent too. It's like I don't have a dog. You know what I'm so it's, I make, I make beats. The people get mad at you though. 'cause sometimes they could. I know you like but look, here's the beat I don. I'm not a sure for sure. But you know, in that case I had sent the record to.like months before that happened and like I heard it when everyone else heard it, it so it was like, yeah that was one of them situations where it was like, I, I don't like to get involved in stuff but sometimes it happens, you know, it was, it was tricky during the time when, when P and and Mal Deep and Nas head beef for Jay, it was always a weird thing.


You know? It probably stopped me from doing work with Jay back then. You know what? Emini here, Wasn't we gonna make it for Jay-Z? It wasn't For him. I played it for him though. You know, hip hop, you know, Campbell has been my brother for a long time And I used to go over there and play beats and one time he popped his head and he just checked it out. It wasn't for him I guess, but You know, Che, why did you lie to Drake about being good? Kendrick said Tu chain said you good, but he lied. Why? Why, why what? Why you do that? I don, you know, I just think it was kind of like some word play. 'cause Drake And I got a song called No Lie. And so when he said he lied, I just felt like I Don dunno but I didn't take it as no kind of way. I don't think he was taking a shot at me.


I've heard all type of inches where somebody wanted me to say something back. I just think it was a moment where it was about Atlanta artists. You know, I do have a couple plaques with Drake, probably three or four plaques with Drake. So I think a lot of that people in that verse got signed with him. So that was just Kendrick. Well just dialing in on some subject matter type that people who named me didn't say felt some type of way. You know what I'm saying? So I don't, I I was okay with it, you know what I'm saying? You got other line of artists like man homies, you know. So I don't, I don that's a little babysit Lil Baby. He aint, he said keep me outta that. I don't want my name in you. Yeah. Some people didn't want they name. Some people was like, why you didn't say my name? And it just, you know, like it just a moment.


It was just a moment that, but it, it didn't do nothing to me. I know. I think my harmony, my, my middle kid definitely said somebody asked at school but it, it didn't get Hector man. It wasn't, I didn't hear about Yeah I Larry be You ain't know her not like us. Nah, I didn't hear, I didn't hear no No names. Nah. He said we do the Atlanta line. The last verse. I never heard that full song But lied. Really? No I didn't hear that full song. Never Minutes on purpose. Like you rap for the light skinned you like I refuse to for Radio light. I, everybody, I just didn't particularly hear that, that song fully. I heard a lot on Instagram and stuff like that, you know be movie. I was doing an album with him at the time so I wasn't really listening to too much though like that.


But you know Kendrick, so Luke Kendrick, he, he hard like respect the Kendrick for sure. I just didn't know he brought you up. That's crazy. You never heard that. That last person by the way. Phenomenal. Last verse. I did Some people comment on the picture like kept saying like they talking about I did see that but I've never heard Three. You know what it is, you know it, it is not a lot of songs with three verses anymore. Oh it's Three Verses. Exactly. So it's three verses, it's the third. You know what Emini here. That's my opinion. I don't think it's a big a lot of songs, days just I don't believe verse, I don't believe That's on everything I love. Yeah. Nah, he not he not camera. He in his own bubble. That's why I love it Wayne. That's why I love him. Me. That's why I love me. You know what I'm saying?


I just be in my own bubble Emini here. Of course I know some of the things I need to know, but I really be clueless to a lot of stuff and I'm cool with that. I'm just cool with that. You ain't here when Kendrick gets you on the for first. How we coming June? Alright, well we appreciate you guys for joining us. Make sure you pick up that album. Life is beautiful out right now. Larry June two Chains and Alchemist, we appreciate you. It's The Breakfast Club. Good morning. Just with the messes. Up next Is real Jessica Robin Moore. Just don't do no lying. Don't Nobody worldwide on The Breakfast Club.


She's a cultureship. She Was able to get y'all to see something and understand something that nobody could get you to See. It's time to set it on. Lauren sent me the Wendy Williams doc to watch at 4:00 AM and said, SIS, it went up. We gotta watch. I'm like, You must stop. You must not have a baby. You should know. She know she don't know what it's like to wake up at 4:00 AM with a five month old baby. Molly looking at me like we about to watch Wendy. I'm like, no. So tell me what I needed to watch that was so important. Okay, so the Wendy Williams doc that TMZ did on Tubi, it's called Saving Wendy Williams drop today. And they got into a ton of stuff, but most importantly 'cause it, it just talks about, you know, her getting outta conservatorship.


People have been trying to figure out how she got into this conservatorship to begin with and what, what's the issue with her family, her son and, and why that? Didn't that work out? Yeah. So let's take a listen to Wendy talking about her son in Wells Fargo In September of 2022. Wells Fargo, your bank said you were the victim of undue influence and financial exploitation with respect to your money. Who is the person that was doing this? My son is a good person, but at this point he is a horrible person to me. Thanks. And, and what is going on with these other people at my apartment in Miami? What are you doing?


Oh, you spent on what and what is going on at Wells Fargo? There was a situation where Kevin says he wanted to rent a boat for his birthday for $1,500 and ended up getting a boat that rented out for $113,000. Jesus. And he blamed it on the bank that the bank wanted him to have that, that never really made sense to me. You know what Emini here Is he, is Kevin rap too tight? Like what's Son really busted? Is Kevin rap I'm saying No, no, I'm saying he bawling like he rapping. But I'm saying like, is he like, It makes no sense.


Right? Does he Care at all or Yeah. Like what do you mean the bank wanted you to have a hundred thousand dollars for a boat? I I I have no idea. They didn't really get more into what that statement was that he, that Harvey said that he made. But is Little is Kevin on the dock? Little Kev is not on the dock. And they said that he does deny all of everything that is being alleged, but he can't do the doc because of however the the conservatorship or guardianship is set up. He's not able to come on camera and speak. So maybe The bank did, did a, a good call by making sure that her money is protected and people are not just spending her money. Right. Well you make a good point because Wendy gets into that as well because there were things happening with people that were around Kevin and Wendy's money too. Let's take a listen to that. Somebody pretended to be me and it wasn't anybody in my family.


It happens to be a person that I was introduced by my son and it's a woman. Approximately my age group. It's nobody from the family. Listen, this woman called on the phone pretending to be me. Red flag Wells Fargo. Red flag, red flag. And so red flag, thank God they stopped all of the money that had been stolen from me by these people. They don't got nobody else can score these things. What is this music? Damn, the music you making. So everything sounds so crazy, So deep and so dark and so Can't get the alchemist to score this metro booming somebody. It's TMZ. Okay? It's not as much seasoning over there. All right. Jesus Christ alchemy, My God.


But yeah, so envy, I to your point, Wendy at that point said when all of that was happening, she was like, wait the bank like, hey Bank, come on in here. I might need y'all. And that's how she ended up in this conservatorship situation. She talked about not really understanding what a conservatorship was and how it worked and then boom, now she's in this, you know what she calls a luxury prison. So it seems like she set these guardrails up for herself in wanting to make sure that what was happening with her money, because she said in the doc, her family don't get into her harmony money and she don't get into their into theirs. And it's always been that way. She thought she was put in protection in in place for herself because things were happening. She loves her son, but things were happening. Yeah. Now she does also talk about the, the a e documentary, not she doesn't, but they talk about it in the in in the Tubie documentary because they talk about the fact Charlamagne, you brought this up before of where was the Guardian during all this time.


Now you have this lawsuit. Let's take a listen. There are some people who say the main reason the Guardian is being so restrictive is that the Guardian took a lot of heat for allowing Wendy to do that lifetime documentary when she was under the influence of alcohol. And the Guardian wasn't there to protect her when it was being filmed. And this is an overreaction to that I Would be disappointed in in that Guardian that she's punishing Wendy for her lack of oversight. All of this happened under the watch of The Guardian who was there to protect my aunt. When all of this comes out, the person at the center of this in terms of having the final say and the sign off is the Guardian.


I don't think it takes a whole lot to put the pieces together here with that. Oh that was Alex. Alex. That was Alex Finn. Yes. Alex Finney. Yeah. So now that, I think that part is crazy to me because if that is the case, right, and that will come out. I did reach out to Robbie Kaplan who is the attorney for The Guardian in the Annie lawsuit to figure out like, are they gonna say something in response to that? 'cause if that is the case, that's crazy then that's not Wendy's fault that she didn't have the foresight to see a lot of these things. Yeah. But it's obvious if you're, if you are the guardian and then you're complaining that you know, people took advantage of her during this whole situation, where was you? Right. If you were guardian, what are you doing your job. Right, Exactly. Yeah. Now they get in, they get into a lot of other stuff in the, in this dock as well too. They talk about her having a sober coach after and how her life's gonna be after.


It's definitely worth the watch. But we Don't want people to lose focus that, you know, the documentary is about how she got into this guardianship in the first place. Yes, yes, a hundred percent. And I think it does a good story of showing she just needed help and she thought she was saving herself and completely went the wrong way. It shouldn't have went this way. Now Mo moving on to the next thing. Jess, we were talking about this earlier, the Jaqui stage. Yeah. Yep. She was going off. She went off on your mother. What your mama do. What your mama do? Not my mom. That's just how just be talking. Not what your mama do. Your yo Mama Business too. Jess. Oh wow. Not Mama La Roast on. That's my girl. No, my Mama can't stand People business.


Huh? What happened? So, okay, so Jaqui and De Loaf, they're dropping part two of the FRA Friend zone. It's a album that they did back in 2017 that was real successful. They dropping it on Valentine's Day. So they've been running around doing promos. It's photos right? Hanging out. Now at the time when they did that first run of the album, there were rumors that they were dating and there was something lovey dovey there never confirmed. But now you know, he's with Deandre Sanders and people have been commenting on his post like, yo, what's up? Like where's your, where's your wife? Why is she not with you when this was a person that you allegedly used to have a little situation with? Right. That's The crazy thing, right? As a artist, you know what Emini here, like I know sometimes things can happen for like promotion or publicity stunts, but when you out here doing interviews about your real life and you, you saying that you about to get married to the person that just had your baby and all of that, that kind of messes with publicity stunts like this.


You know what? Emini here and then your girl ain't too happy about it. 'cause she wasn't in on a stunt. Oh nah. She commented on stuff and she said she wasn't allowed to be in the pictures and things of that nature because they look was intimidated. They, so, so Deandre has been taking some shots online including taking a shot at his mom. I will say though, I, I reached out to a source close to the situation. 'cause I said if I get on and report this, this is a public publicity stunt, I'm gonna be pissed. And they told me this is not a publicity stunt in real life. She is upset. Wow. Damn. And what happened with the mother real quick? We ain't got enough time. What'd he say about the mother? Oh, Real quick. Deandre just told her mom, his mom to mind her business. And you need to say thank you because I've been putting Jaqui on. I allowed him to go on my dad's show. Don't make me talk about how you allegedly stealing your son money and how and some money.


I'm gonna be quiet now. I'm sorry. I'm gonna go back in my bubble to sum up what Deandre has been saying, Jesus Straight at the mom Crazy. But to be fair, his mom started it. She posted, she posted an interview talking about the situation. So she Jumped out there. Okay. Alright. Right. Well that is just with the mess and that's, that's a good conversation. You know, would you mind if your man or your woman was working with their ex, like would you have a problem, right, if because they allegedly dated before they allegedly had relations, would you mind this closely working with Correct. Would that be a thing? We'll talk about it after Donkey Charlamagne, what you got for donkey today? Oh man. I need a, a political analyst named Dominique Trippy to come to the front of the congregation.


He has some interesting things to say about Kendrick Lamar's Super Bowl halftime performance. All right, we'll get to that next. It's The Breakfast Club. Good morning. This is A miracle. There is no question that there are problems in this country between police and community. Yes you are a donkey. The latest on that police killing of a black man. Now the new developments in the Deadly Spa shooting Rampage Man, yesterday was a really bad day for him and this is what he did. And so we are in a state of emergency. Okay? White supremacist violence is, it always has been the number one threat to our society. But I'm also very proud that my wife is white. The Breakfast Club bitches.


Alright, Charlene, please tell me why was I your donkey of the day? Well donkey today for Wednesday February 12th goes to a political analyst named Dominique Trippy. He is a political analyst, writer, strategist, and commentator. The homie Robin at Baller Alert sent me this today dropping a cruise bombs for Robin. That baller alert. What's up Robin? What's up Robin? I missed this one but it's hilarious. See Dominique about a week ago, from what I can see posted on X dis statement, he said, And I quote, we must rid ourselves of DEI throughout every facet of society for the sake of our safety and that of our children. My God. Now I know people had issues with DEI, but when you say we have to get rid of DEI for the sake of our safety and that of our children, that sounds like to me like you have a fear of a black and brown planet, right?


Diversity means that you not safe. The browning and blacking of America means that you not safe. The inclusion of more women, more gays, anyone who isn't a straight white male means you not safe. Why are we as a people so hell bent on making each other uncomfortable? Okay, let me ask you a question, Dominique. Have you ever stopped to think how those of us from marginalized communities feel when we are the only one when you are the lone minority amongst the majority? Have you Dominique ever seen that and said, I wonder if they feel unsafe. Why do we start getting concerned about safety when it's spaces where white folks aren't the majority? Dominique, have you ever thought about that? I'm sincerely asking.


See, nobody ever cares about the one raisin in the potato salad. You know why? Because there shouldn't be no damn raisins in the potato salad. Okay? And that is why we are here today because Dominique said a week ago, we must rid ourselves of DEI throughout every facet of society for the sake of our safety and that of our children. But this week after watching Kendrick Lamar's record breaking Super Bowl performance, highest rated halftime show ever drop on a clues bombs for Kendrick Lamar and Roc Nation. After watching that performance, Dominique posted on x And I quote hundreds of dancers and participants in this halftime show. And they can't manage to feature one single white person.


This is pathetic, Dominique, you gotta make up your mind. You told us we have to get rid of diversity, equity, and inclusion in all facets of society. But when you see a black artist headlining the Super Bowl with a bunch of black dancers, now all of a sudden you want diversity and inclusion. This is why I loved Kendrick's show aesthetically 10 out of 10 for aesthetics because I knew it would get these types of reactions outta people. But if you going to piss people off, let's really piss 'em off. I wish he would've added to the set list just three songs, actually four, including money trees. But that's just a personal favorite. But these three, if he would've started because of the aesthetic of that show, if he would've started with Blackett a berry, can you imagine hearing this on the Super Bowl stage?


What would Dominique have said if he would've heard this? I'm African American, I'm African black heritage. My came from the bottom of man, my hair is snappy, my nose is big, my nose is rounding wise. You hate me, don't you? You hate my people. Your plan is to terminate. My coaches need for, I want you to recognize that I'm a proud monkey. And then what if he went into, what if he went into this Oh's my life, I has to fight Right after Black of the Berry Times y bad trips like Y Nazar. But if God got us, We going be all right.


Do clutch Girls can Then, then Samuel Jackson comes out and tells them, stop. You're scaring America. You're scaring people like Dominique. You and your little homeboys gotta play it safe. Just the Super Bowl, not Compton. And as soon as you heard not Compton, then you heard this. If roses whoa along they end like the whole city goes against me. Every time I'm history I Hear People like Dominique heads literally might have exploded. Donald J. Trump would've signed an executive order on Monday to bring back slavery in the middle of black History month.


Okay, listen, my point is this, Dominique, it's cool when they do it, it's a problem when we do it all right? White artists have headlined everything for years. And Dominique, I bet you've never said it's too many white people participating in this show because whiteness to you is America. And that's one of the messages Kendrick was displaying in his show that black people are America. Not only are we America, well first of all, that's why the brothers had on the red, white, and blue and they were up there looking like the American flag. 'cause we are America. Okay? He was letting you know, we are all Americans. It should have made you proud Dominique. Not to mention black people built this country. Don't Listen. African Americans built this nation. I wanna make sure about that.


You built, stop that heady. I said black people built this country. I was doing a dramatic pause. Now I don't listen to me. Listen to your president. African Americans built this nation. You built this nation, nation. You know, you're just starting to get real credit for that. Okay? I don't know if you know that You're just starting to get you built the nation. We all built it, but you were such a massive part of it, bigger than you were given credit for. Does that make sense? Right. And so Kendrick was on the Super Bowl stage making sure black people get that credit. The moral of the story is this, you are either part of the solution or you are part of the problem. If you looked at Kendrick's performance and you saw others and not Americans, then guess what?


You are indeed the problem. Please let Chelsea handler give Dominique trippy the biggest. Hee-haw. Hee-haw. Hee-haw. Hee-haw. Hee-haw. Where is my Chelsea Seahawk? Give that he Haw-haw. There you go. That is way too much. Dan mayonnaise. Chelsea acting black being all late. Okay. He Aal. Alright. You ain't got no more. Alright, That's all I got. All right, thank you. Why? Why, why, why? What you worried about? Because Emini Here, you got a bunch of 'em that big. Give the biggest mayo and all that. I thought you was gonna go all the way with it. Nah, I think Chelsea is Chelsea s right.


Chelsea suffices. That's all we need. All we don't need no more confusion. No, thank you for that donkey today. Where you, where you wanna go? You said you had something on your mind? Oh no, I actually don't have anything on my mind. I just wanted something. I I just wanted to share something with the people. What you want. Because you know, you know, when we come, you know, we do things for our own personal benefit and you know, when those things benefit us personally, we like to share them with listeners. Especially if it's something that we feel can make their life better. Right? Right. Like, you know, we come in here and we talk about, you know, getting colonoscopies and Soaring medical. We've been to soaring medical. The, the, the, the benefits of cardiovascular health. Correct. You know, I we we talk about going to therapy all of the time, right? Correct. Right. For your mental health. Yeah, I did something yesterday that I've never done.


Remember what I told you I was going to do? Just when we were going to the elevator and you told me not to do it. You Bend over man, shut up. No, sorry. No, he's done that. Nah, you did it. I went to do it. But today, yesterday had a Brazilian wax. How do you Feel like, how did it feel? I feel so light. Guys listen to me. What Was his name? I her name was Veronica. I feel so light, don't you when I'm telling you I am bald like a newborn from the front to the back rooted to the tudor. My brothers, you gotta step it up. I know we've been manscaping. All right. And you know, you get your little scissors and you get your little trim. Yeah, don't wax bro. Ain't nothing like the wax And ladies dropping the cruise bombs for women.


Y'all have been dealing with this for how long y'all been going to this place to get this hot wax put on you and getting them pubic hair taken off for how long? Years and years. The pain is worth it though. Yes. I wish I could show you it. It's quick, but it's not for you. But I'm telling my brothers out there, go get you a Brazilian wax. I'm 46 years old, the hair grows a lot different. You know what I'm saying? Yeah. And it grows in weird places now. It's not as easy to manscape. I was like, you know what, my wife got this great purse. She goes to get wax from. Let me go get the wax top tier hurry Top Tier. And I got it all. I got the, I don't got no hair on my cheeks, but the butt crack hair gone crazy. Scro them hair gone. It's probably real cute name, Real freak.


It is amazing. I looked at it yesterday like, wow, where have you been? Hello? How did you look at it? Did you spread the cheeks look behind you in the mirror? He did. No, when they did the, I didn't, I don't know what it looks like from the back, but, okay. Front is amazing. Yeah. Friend is amazing. So I can't be the only brother out there because Oh no, Absolutely. You're not the only brother that wax. That's right, that's right. No, No, no. Veronica told me that yesterday. She was like, guys come and do this all the time. You're late. Absolutely. And she said it'll be easier the next time. Yeah. That's how it is for us too. Like, it, it gets easier as you do it when You get your first wax, Jess. When I was like 24. Wow. Wow. What, What, what? And it lasts so long. Yo. You ain't gonna have to go back until maybe about what, two or three Months? She, she said, she said maybe like six weeks.


Every six Weeks. Damn, you grow. All right. Well maybe it grows. You gonna Say he harry, he had Yeah, it, it, it lasts sometimes she, the question alone, I just, I just wanna know, I just wanna make sure I'm not alone. Just like anything else. I know I'm not alone. Listen. But I would like to hear from those, listen, So many people, so many men will call up here like, yeah man, ain't nothing wrong with that. That's right. Like, yes, it, it'd be serious. That's right. I, I trimm, I use clippers. I got text just right now. My man was like, I gotta wax before that s hurt like hell. 800. He ain't never told me 5, 5, 1. So let's, let's, let's discuss my, I guess fellas ha have you got your parts waxed and ladies, have you gone with man, does your husband do it? You Can't. It's only two people could be in the room at a time.


Okay. The waxer and you, I take, We'll take, we'll take your calls when we come back. 805 8 5 1 0 5 1. Shaman, you show me when we come back as The Breakfast Club. Good morning. The Breakfast Club. It's topic time. Call 805 8 5 1 0 5 1 to join into the discussion with The Breakfast Club. Talk about It. Morning everybody. It's DJ nv. What I'm saying, just hilarious. Charlamagne the guy. We are The Breakfast Club. If you're just joining us. Charlemagne is again telling us about something that he Charlamagne is uphill that he Has done about his butt. You know, he was the first person to tell us about, you know, he, he got his, he gets his prostate checked every couple of months.


You damn Right. And not every couple of months. Colonoscopy once a year. Listen, You can make all the jokes you want, but the reality, and now listen, you can make all the jokes you want, but when you die early, okay, who fault that's gonna be, oh my God. The reality of the situation is yes, I would go get colonoscopies, I'd go get all my cardiovascular health checked and just literally, I just like doing things to better me. Yeah. So I'm 46 years old, right? And like the hair on my pubes grows crazy. It grows very differently. It's all on the side of my legs. I never had that when I was younger. So the manscaping just getting the scissors and trimming isn't enough. So my wife always goes to get whacked. We have clippers, there's no scissors, you clips, whatever it is, man clips, clip the clippers, whatever.


It still don't do what it's supposed to do. No, I'm good with the Clippers. Does not look good. It is sexier. It makes your skin look smoother. And then listen, let me tell you something. Just speaking as a woman, when we are going down on you guys, we are giving, you know, proper fellatio. We don't want to smell, you know, hair holds so much bacteria and you don't even gotta be dirty. Listen. But it's, you know, sweat gets trapped in the follicles. That's right. And just everything, you know what Emini here. Like so that's, I love that. I love that. I love a bald man down there. So I got a Brazilian wax yesterday from the root to the two, the front and the back. And first of all, my penis looks amazing. You know what I'm saying? I had the gray hair popping up down there. The same reason you get the Beijing in your beard envy is the same reason that you probably should go get you a Brazilian wax.


I don't have no hair down there, but I don't get a Brazilian You, you don't have no head on it. Genia. Pubes is sick. It's crazy You paging your pubic head. That's why I don no hair. But I don't get a Brazilian. The Brazilian wax is amazing. Did a good job. It hurt because it was my first time. It's 46 years ahead. As who off You got it done. You can always, it's just you and the, the, the person doing it. But you know, it's like the thing that would made it so dope is that like everything is bald, like your butt crack. Okay, we get it Bald And it Was quick, wasn't it bald? It took about 15 minutes. 15 minutes? Yeah. Yeah, it took about 15 but it only 'cause it was my first time. You know what, Emini here? Yeah. She said that it'll be quicker next time and it'll be easier next Time. Eight to 10 minutes. And what was his Name that did it? Her name was Veronica SLU Veronica.


Damn. Because it's a very vulnerable thing that you're doing, you know what I'm saying? Especially when she tell you to lay on your stomach and you know what I'm saying? You gotta spread your legs and she go up in your cheeks. I ain't got no hair on my ass cheeks. So you poke you what cheeks you got on your knees and poke? Nah, you lay on your stomach. Nah, you lay on your stomach. You lay on your stomach. Spread your legs. All right. Lil tooter. Charles. Charles up. Charles, where you calling from? Calling From Jersey City. Talk to me Charles. So yeah man I was just calling up 'cause I definitely keep a very clean hygiene, you know, get the nails designed from the gel mani kill landscaping and all that. I just don't understand or like see the reasoning behind the whole p Brazilian and wax. You know what I'm saying? Like what is the point of, you know, like a man getting all that somebody to be all back there.


That's crazy. How crazy. That's How old I'm 29. Well see you younger when you get to be our age And I can only speak for me, 46. The hair started growing a little crazy. Like the regular manscaping things that I was doing wasn't, you know, keeping things contained. And so, you know, the wax, the waxing treatment that removes all the pubic hair and the head around the anus and the upper thigh eyes. It's worth it. Hey. Yeah, see that's what I was gonna say. I was gonna say that from seventies of the 19 hundreds type of stuff right there, the nineties of the 19 hundreds, You heard. Don't worry when you get the, when you get to be our age, you gonna remember this. You gonna be like, damn, Charlemagne told me that it was gonna start looking like the wild, wild wilderness down there. Yep. Nah, I'm, I'm good. I'm good with the manscaping.


I'm, I'm completely bald And I ain't waxing. Hello? Who's this? What's up man? My name Nick, man, how y'all doing? What's up Nick? What's up Nick? So you got some questions for Charlamagne go. Yeah, man. So I ain't never, I ain't never Masco or nothing like that, but I felt like I was trying because fucking in the day I used to go sometimes get my nail done with my female friends. I don't wanna, you know, incriminate myself. But the, the, the hustle I had, I had multiple women in my life and we, they go get they nails done to go, you know, do they work? They evening work in Las Vegas And I get my nails done with 'em. I just get a clear coat sometimes. Sometimes I wouldn't get nothing. I just get them, you know, cut and get my feet done. I don't do the clear coat. I do a buff though.


Yeah. See I get, I would buff em, but every once in a while just clear coat them because the age they come so fast, they want the extra money. We gonna, we gonna clear coat. We clear coat. Okay. Okay. I'd be like, all right, whatever man, I ain't tripping. Got you. But yeah, I ain't, I ain't never did, but I'm 40 now so Emini here. I don't know about manscaping gun 'cause I'm pretty sure it probably would hurt. But I wanna know, can you do it for your head because bang ain't got that bald head. I got a bald head, so Yeah. Can I wax my dome? I don't know if you can wax your dome Emini here for me. Absolutely can wax Your dome. Oh, I don't know. You do that. Oh you do? Oh okay. They saying yeah, I never done that. I just, you know, I just get the straight razor. Okay. Are you on laser next But you No, I'm not doing laser.


But you, you 40 you getting up there. I don't know what your situation is down there in your pants, but the pubes are gonna start to get a little wilder after 45. And you probably gonna need to get a little Brazilian wax. That's all I'm saying. And Then also for the behind, like yo, when I think it's fine that you did from the router to the Tudor because when y'all, when y'all doodoo or whatever and you wipe, that's why you gotta keep wiping until you don't see nothing because it's getting caught on the hair. So when you pass, when you pass gas now does a whistle. First of all, I don't fault in my clothes, that's number one. Listen, Jess is not lying. The wipes telling you the wipe since yesterday. Smooth, crazy smooth. Eight 800 smooth 5 8 5 1 0 5 1. The ilion wax is worth it.


I'm telling


The World is constantly changing. If it's up to you to decide how to respond, choose to be bold to try something new. Choose to reinvent yourself. That's what Nissan did with the all new totally reimagined kicks. The dynamic new exterior styling immediately announces that Nissan isn't messing around the interior. A completely redesigned cabin with premium features like wireless Apple call play and a panoramic moonroof make driving a kicks immersive and exciting. And with new performance and safety features, like intelligent all wheel drive, the kicks is both fun and safer to drive than ever before. It is the dawning of a brand new era for the Nissan Kicks. Only one question remains. Is it a new era for you as well? Drive the all new Reimagined Nissan Kicks today. Available features compatible device service and consumer activation of Nissan Connect Services. Package required use only when safe and legal subject to third party service availability. For more information, see Nissan usa.com/connect/legal. Apple CarPlay is a trademark of Apple Link. Intelligent all wheel drive cannot prevent collisions or provide enhanced traction and all conditions. Always monitor traffic and weather conditions.


Hey fam, this is Carlos Miller from the 85 South Show. If you're like me, you're always thinking about how to level up your career. Maybe you're fresh outta college, just starting in your field or even looking to switch things up and find your true calling. Whatever stage you're in, remember that this is your time to grow, to learn, and to build something that lasts. State Farm understands that early career development is key to long-term success. They've been a steady presence in our community and they know having the right support early can make all the difference. State Farm is there to help you make smart moves and to help you get the coverage you need. We all know that the journey to success is a marathon, not a sprint. It's all about staying focused, staying grounded, and making sure you're protected every step of the way. Let's build our careers with confidence knowing that State Farm is there to support us just like they've always been because like a good neighbor State Farm is there. Find out more at State Farm dot com.


American Public University understands the challenges of balancing education with a busy ever changing life. Whether you're part of a military family managing PCS moves or a working professional juggling career in family, A PU offers the flexibility you need to succeed. Deliver online APUS programs make it possible to learn wherever life takes you. And courses are offered in eight and 16 week formats with monthly start dates so you can begin when it's convenient and progress at a pace that's comfortable for you. A PU is committed to making education affordable for everyone. For active duty, military and their families. The preferred military rate is just 250 per credit hour. Veterans and their families can benefit from the Veteran grant, which provides 10% off undergrad and master's levels tuition. And for everyone else, the Opportunity Grant offers the same 10% tuition savings, making higher education within reach for all. Visit ap.ap.edu/military to learn more American public university education that moves with you.


Hi, I'm Arto Castro And I've been lucky enough to do stuff like Broad City and Narcos and Roadhouse and so many commercials about back pain. And now I'm starting a podcast because honestly guys, I don't feel the space is crowded enough. Get Ready for Greatest Escapes a new comedy podcast about the wildest true escape stories in history. Each week I'll be sitting down with some of the most hilarious actors and writers and comedians to tell 'em a buck wild tale from across history and time. People like Ed Helms, Diana Guerrero, Joseph Gordon Levitt and Soy. Chao Titanic, Charles Manson, Alcatraz Asada Shakur, a sketchy guy Named Steve. It's giving funny, true crime. I love Storytelling And I love you. So I can't wait. Listen and subscribe to Greatest Escapes on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts.


I knew my brothers. You heard what Jess said. Jess said when she go down, she don't wanna see all that hair and the smells and everything. No, I'm telling you, my brothers, it's worth it. Yesterday, Charlemagne got a wax, A Brazilian wax. The guy that did it, he, he said he enjoyed it. Her Name was Veronica, sir. And we actually have a guy on the line that actually does this to men. And we gonna talk to him next too. It's the breakfast slogan. Good morning. Said, calling my phone. Call my phone, Man. It's topic time. Call 8 5 8 5 1 5 1 to join into the discussion with The Breakfast Club. Morning everybody. It's D-E-J-N-V. Just hilarious. Charlamagne the guy. We are The Breakfast Club. If you're just joining us, we're talking about Charlemagne, who yesterday got a wax for the first time.


A Brazilian wax. A Brazilian wax, okay. And he's super duper excited about it. I feel light, I like I'm floating. You posted, you see I feel fantastic. Brandon, We got Brandon on the line. Brandon, good morning. What's saying, what's saying with the piece to y'all Now Brandon, you, you do waxes for men, bro. Yep. I'm a esthetician. I've been a esthetician since since 17. Talk to us. So You be holding the penis and moving it to the side while you doing the waxing man and telling him to put his leg in the for and all of that. You got to, you feel me? You don't want to rip that skin. But you know, I've been doing it so long and second nature to me and it's quick money, $80 for, we call it Manzi Man's, what we Call manion.


I'm gonna tell you something my brother, I I'm gonna tell you why I wouldn't come to you. Number one. Whoa. Number one, you're whoa. No, listen, number one, you're a man, but me and Veronica was actually having conversation. 'cause you, you know, you gotta have conversation with the person, you know, just to keep their mind off the, the the hot wax peeling off of them. Right? So y'all go together now. Y'all, y'all Like you. I don't you you, you sound too much like a real man. I don't want the, I don't wanna be having, damn, I'm I, I'm, I'm definitely one of them. You did. I'm from Indiana. I'm from Nap sound, you feel me? But it's all about the money with me. You know what, Emini here. Yeah, it's good money. Brandon, can I just ask you a question? Like what, what made you want to have that as a profession? Like, like what was on your mind when you'd be like, you know, I can wax s and you can make some Bread.


No, he waxes everybody. Not just men. Oh, right. You only do, you don't Only men. I wax everybody. But being an esthetician is more than that. You know, skincare is important. Sag you know about that. Come On. I'm glad you know. I know you see The glow. Yeah, for sure, for sure. You know what Emini here. So just going into being an esthetician is deeper than just wax. And I'm an instructor as well. I teach at a beauty school. Qua Institute of Beauty Culture. That's love brother. Salute to you. I love that. I do not know why y'all men take more care of your material items than you do your body. You need to have a dermatologist, okay? You need to have somebody a, a great barber. You need to have people giving you Brazilian waxes.


You need to be getting your nails done. You, you make sure your car clean two and three times a week. Now Kevin, this says that you enjoy going. You, you go as much as you can. Yeah, but Emini here, to be honest, I'm in Canada so things are always expensive. So when I, whenever I get the chance, like on special occasions, like Valentine's Day is about to like pop up about to like do something, get my girl ready and all of that. But you know what, Emini here. I ain't mad at you. Charlemagne. I ain't mad at you. Yo. I appreciate that. I ain't even think I forgot about that. Valentine's Day is Friday. I, I ain't even do that for that. I just did it because I wanted to do it. That's All right. You might Get Yeah, like when I'm about to go on a trip or anything, I take the occasion for it.


But yeah, it's all about, you know, staying clean. I it's high, it's hybrid down there, you're clean and all of that. Okay. Yo, that's, I by the way, I couldn't wait to show my wife yesterday. I was like, look, show me, I'm gonna show you mine. You show me yours. You about to get the cleanest of your life. Good. What, what's what's, what's The moral of the story? The moral of the story is just take care of yourself. There's nothing wrong with taking care of yourself man. There's nothing wrong with self grooming for the man. It's right. There's nothing wrong with that. That's the moral of the story. You Right. That's right. Break it down. So what, what position do you have to do for them, for them to Do it for when, when you, when they doing the front, you just laying on your back. She'll tell you to put your leg in like a four position.


You know you gotta put your leg, you don't gotta do all that. It's not, it's really not uncomfortable at all. It's just a little painful because it was my first time doing it. And then, you know when she does the back, you just lay on your stomach and she tells you to spread your legs and then she goes up in there. You spread your cheeks too, right? No, because I don't have no hair. I don't have no hair on my cheeks. You just got inside of it and that the back was actually easier than the front. The back wasn't painful. The front be the one, right? Yes ma'am. The, the, the, the back is like a breeze. That's nothing. It you think it's gonna hurt you build up all, you got all this anxiety and strip off. Nothing like that. Nothing. The, the front that is a little painful, but it's gonna be fine. Yeah. Next time you gonna be so used to it. It's, And then we got balls so you know when somebody putting that hair on them Scrotums?


Well me, We was just having a conversation. Who's we, who do you mean? We just bonding real quick. And you told No I've never believed those rumors about you Jess. Okay. Okay. Ever. Wow. Wow, Wow, wow. Well we have Jess with the mess coming up. What we talk about As sat rocky is not taking the stand. Okay, we'll get into that Next. It's The Breakfast Club. Good morning. The Breakfast Club Morning everybody. It's DJ nv, just hilarious. Charlamagne the guy. We are The Breakfast Club. Let's get to just with the mess. News Is real. Just Moore just don't do no lying. Don't she don't spell nobody Worldwide on The Breakfast Club.


She's a cultureship. She was able to get y'all to see something and understand something that nobody could get you to see. It's time to set it door. Now I haven't heard of this person in a long time, but Mandy Moore, apparently that was something that happened with her mom. That's your cousin? That is not my cousin. That's Oh, Jessica Robin Moore. Mandy Moore. Yeah. Jennifer Robin Moore and Manzi Moore. Well you could be cousins with a white person. 'cause we all come from slave masters Anyway. What do you got? So Jesus. Anyway, Lauren, Omar, What do you got? Right? She just been totally left. Alright, what's the problem? What's going on with Mandy? Yo, So, so Mandy Moore, she was going off on Amazon because she's saying that they delivered a package to her in-laws house in la Right.


You know how they deliver the package and they take the picture, they leave it out front of the door. What she Supposed to do? The only problem, y'all, and not to laugh because it's a serious, but it's like, what is wrong with you? The house was burned down in the LA fires. They left the package in front of nothing. The crazy, the broke down rubble of the Home. Oh my God. Yes. So she posted A person did that or a drone did that. I don Dunno. I I you never know these days it could be a damn person. Ain't No person did that. It look crazy the way they took the picture and everything in front of a burnt down house. It looks insane. It's so stupid. So she posted the, the photo of the, the box in front of the home rusting on what is left of the steps in front of this property that isn't there anymore. She says do better Amazon.


Can we not, can we, can we not have better discretion than to leave a package at a resident That residents that no longer exist. This is my mother and father-in-law's home shaking my head. She right, but She still got the package. No she didn't. Dummy ain't ain ain't no people there. They send you a picture when you a And I'm sure she would to go pick the package Up. She would to go get the package there. I would want My package. You would Want yours? Yes, Of course. No, I definitely wouldn't go pick it up. I she forgot to change the address. Yep. On the Amazon account. Emini here. They Got a lot to think about and worry about. I didn't even think about that as well. Like people their mail, how they getting their mail right now? Yeah. Yeah. They gotta change their address. You know Who drones take pictures? Yes. Drones take pictures and video. And then this Is the thing who ordered it?


Because if you knew you didn't have a house, You know it could have been ordered weeks ago though. Well, Not no. Amazon. Yeah, sometimes you on top of Amazon, you gotta wait till it get to the stock and They send it out coming. It's not in prime, but Absolutely. So Amazon released a statement to People magazine. This spokesperson Steve Kelly said we reached out to Mrs. Moore via Instagram to apologize for this and asked for more information from her in-laws so that we're able to better investigate what happened here for weeks. We've advised those who are delivering on our behalf in Southern California to use discretionary areas that were impacted by the wildfires. Especially if it involves delivering to a damaged home. That clearly didn't happen here. See, A Mexican would never, that's why the deportation thing is ruined and stuff already. Okay. I guarantee you the person who did that was either a drone or not from Mexico.


Mm. No. I, I gotta being a person, you got a lot of dumb ass people out here. Oh, I'm sure it's a person too. Yeah. Trying to get a name or just get their job done, you know, get views. No, not get their damn job done because that's dumb. Well how would they, what you doing? How You gonna get the views though if nobody know you delivered it? Oh, they, I'm pretty sure they knew that was gonna go viral. Me taking a picture of, you know, a a a package in front of a burnt down house. Like come on. Stupid e Stupid E Yeah. Crazy. Anyway. 'cause it's gonna make me mad. Go on to the next story. Beyonce got some presale tickets. Yeah. So the cowboy carter Like, we ain't broke up already, Girl. The people was going crazy when I say people are stressed because the presale tickets dropped.


So last night you were able to start buying the presales. There's a bunch of different tiers of presales, but the first one happened yesterday and fans are stressed. Number one because there's so many people trying to get the tickets and the tickets are expensive. So there was one girl who posted, she was in line in the queue and she was number 78,406. And she tweeted, it's too many people in this line. I thought y'all said the album was trash and y'all couldn't afford eggs. Why are y'all here? I know. And then But you in the cute though. What are you talking about? She, she can buy her eggs. Oh. She's saying like, oh, she, like Y'all said y didn't like cowboy. Exactly like y'all had all this stuff to say. You talking about eggs is $5, but y'all in here trying to spend y'all money on Beyonce tickets.


Mm. Another person said, it's the fact that I really had a seat in the hundreds for $500 only for them to say the seat was gone. But they found me a new seat in the same section. The new seat price jumped to $1,300. Jesus. Before the Fee rice Jesus Fixed it. So yeah, the the ticket prices 1300. Yes. Jesus says y'all weren't about the ride. And that's not on the floor. Not follow me. She she just said, Y'all gonna pay for that rodeo. It's gonna be a rodeo. Now don't think that, it's not gonna be a rodeo. You might get live animals and everything. You might get horses, all types of stuff. Unicorns. And These are not resale tickets. These are just the actual tickets With, these are actual presale tickets too. Ticketmaster did have to issue a statement too as far as the Beyonce Cowboy Carter tour because they were saying something about like, basically like, just be aware because there's so many people trying to get the tickets who won't be aware of people selling fake tickets or telling you that they got fake presale options and things of that nature.


Which always happens when it's a big Yeah, that happened. Tour Renaissance. Yeah, that happened. Yeah. But the, the girls is stressed about the Cowboy Carter. I think that this is one tour that, And I didn't get to go see her at the last tour, the last Renaissance tour. I wanted to go to this one, but I You didn't go to Renaissance? No, I missed it girl. I had a lot going On. It was it. That was literally one of the best shows I've been to. Yeah. In my life. We were, my, all of my group of friends went for my cousin's birthday and they said it was the best show that they ever been to. Fell Fell's about to be broke. Had no silver. You ain't had no aluminum for to put on bar. No, I had stuff going on with my, my, with my family. So I couldn't, when they were going the Fell's about to be broke. 'cause Valentine's is this Friday. So, you know, mad people wanna get their, their girl a ticket to go see Beyonce. Nah, good luck. Wait, If I ain't wear Silver or Renaissance.


See if I wore gold And I stuck out like a four thumb, I'm like, Hey y'all, why y'all all looking to famous? There you go. Pop that word as original. Wait to I boyfriends in line for the Cowboy Carter tickets. It's so cute. Like I, that is so adorable. You won't experience that. Don't worry about it. Don't even worry about it, Y'all. You know What I'm saying? Because I don't wanna go To the Cowboy Carter tour. What if All three dudes you can reach out and get some tickets? Boo. Thank you Justin. When I get 'em, I'm not ticking y'all. But What if all three dudes that you got in queue for Valentine's Day all by Beyonce tickets for you? All three of them? 'cause they're listening to the radio right now. Mm. Well All three that are running this marathon. Mm, All of you gonna let all three hit?


What's that? Wow. Shoot. God. I ain't say all that now, Jessica. Wow. Thank you. Don't we gotta wrap up, wrap up something. Something needs To be back. You gotta Wrap all up. Needs To be wrapped. You gonna be pregnant? Oh God no. I'm not going to the, I'm hot. I am not going to the, I'm tell you something about Lawrence. She cannot handle lines of questioning. Okay? She's gonna ever commit a crime with her as soon as I hit her with what if all three dudes buy Beyonce tickets? She starts stuttering and fumbling just got quiet. Because you really don't know what she would do in that Situation. Can't refuse. There's not like what? First of all, I do think that it takes more than one person to achieve getting these tickets. So I'm not mad at anybody who decides to sign up and wait in the queue for anybody, including a girl named Lauren. But I don't have three people of anything.


And I would appreciate if you stopped saying that. Why? Because Valentine's Day is in less than 48 72 hours. And What does that matter? If you don't have three? Why do you, can't I Saying, oh, she might got a potential. She might got a person that that pre potential listens All three of them to the Show. Everybody says support your career if you're dating them. All that is just with the mess. Thank you Lauren. You care about listenership or what? All right, I'm doing God's work now. When we come Back, they got PPM meeting, we Got the People's choice mix. We get to it. It's The Breakfast Club. Good morning. Morning everybody. It's DJ nv, just hilarious. Charlamagne the guy. We are The Breakfast Club. It's Black History Month. What we doing?


Yes, it is Black History Month. You know what? Every day during Black History Month, our guy BDot puts out a podcast on the Black Effect iHeart Radio Podcast Network called, I didn't know, maybe you didn't either. And today he's going to talk to you about Biddy Mason. Vinny was the original boss who went from enslaved to real estate Mogul. Proven you can turn oppression in the opportunity and still have time to build churches and schools on the side. Listen, you ain't gonna hear about this in no History books. All right? But Biddy is the blueprint. Let's discuss. So Biddy Mason, born in 1818 enslaved in Georgia. And listen, they didn't even give her a last name. Just Biddy like naming someone. Hey you. The disrespect started at birth in those periods. Anyways, Biddy gets dragged across the country by her Enslavers ends up in California. And guess what? Slavery was illegal there. But do you think her owner cared? Of course not. Colin Naza from the South pretty much acted like he was immune to the California laws. Now Biddy with no last name could have stayed quiet. But nah, she was a black woman. You know, that wasn't happening. She went to court and y'all in 1856, she won her freedom and her kids' freedom. Now let's just pause on that for a second. A black woman in the 1850s standing up in court and winning as a boss chick before Boss Chick was ever even a thing. But wait, it gets better. 'cause after she got free, she didn't just chill with it. You know what I'm saying? Biddy was out here working as a nurse and a midwife stacking paper. Biddy saved up and bought land in Los Angeles for $250. And that land grew into a fortune worth $300,000. That's millions on millions of dollars today. Basically she became Don Peebles of real estate before Don Peebles in real estate. And what did she do with all that money on? Did she buy a yacht? No. Did she start flexing on TikTok? No. She gave back. She built schools, helped feed the homeless and started the first African Methodist Episcopal Church. That's right. Betty was out here being Oprah before Oprah. So why don't we know her name? Why are you today years old when you found out about Betty? Well, probably 'cause history books be like, and we can't have her outshine in the founding Fathers, but we need to talk more about her because Biddy Mason is proof that no matter where you start, you can change the game and help others along the way. So next time somebody asks you for a black history fact, hit 'em with Biddy Mason. And when they say, who's that? Look, I'm dead in the eye and say I was listening to, I didn't know. Maybe you didn't either. And I found


out she was the original CEO of Glow Up Incorporated. And I didn't know. Maybe you didn't either. Alright, happy Black History Month. That's Right. And make sure you subscribe to the, I didn't know, maybe you didn't need the podcast on the Black Effect iHeart Radio Podcast Network. All Right, when we come back, we got the positive no and more. So don't move, it's The Breakfast Club. Good morning. Morning everybody. It's DJ Envy. Just hilarious. Charlamagne the guy. We are The Breakfast Club. We gotta salute Larry June, two Chains and Alchemist for joining us this morning. That album, life Is Beautiful, is out right now, man. Phenomenal project. Early, early contender for Album of the Year. Listen, I did not expect for that white man with that big ass coat on to be Alchemist.


I didn't know that. I, I've never, that's how, you know, like, I, I do, I do notice hip hop ish back, back in, but I don't, I'm not really familiar with producers. Like I'm not familiar with the people behind the scenes of things. So I'm just like, okay, somebody got they uncle in here. Oh, you know this probably like a, you know, a camera guy. I had no idea that that was Alchemist. And then when he started talking or whatever, like I see he got a little swag. Like he hip, he up the day, he cool. He ain't never take that coat off. Right? That was very white of him, but One of the greatest producers of all time. Absolutely. Yes, I was dope learned something new every time. And Jess, you got your Valentine's Day shindig this Friday, right? Yes. And it's already sold out, honey. Yeah. Period. Sold out. So y'all come and party with me.


Sorry, next, maybe next year for the people who slept on getting the tickets or whatever. But yes, we're having the Quantum of Love oh oh seven, come Bond with me. Dinner extravaganza this Friday. Dress up in all black. Bring your wife, bring your husband. And we going chill. We gonna have fun playing games, live music, a jazz band, all that. And it's gonna be catered drugs, me and Nigerian Ready Party. Big Drugs. Jesus. And listen, I wanna salute to the Good Sister Tamika Mallory. Her new memoir I live to Tell the story is out right now. It's called, I Live to Tell the story of Memoir of Love, legacy, and Resilience. It's available everywhere you buy books right now via my booking print, black Privilege Publishing, Simon and Schuster. And I wanna salute the good people at PB Brassie.


Chef ese, I'm, I know I'm probably pronouncing your name wrong, brother, but pb Brassie and Harlem. You know, Tamika had a a, a great book release party dinner there last night. Everything was top tier man. So salute everybody I saw in Harlem last night at PB Brassy. All right, well, got a positive note. I do have a positive note. And you know what's crazy? Jalen Hurts after the Super Bowl. He, he said this quote, you had a purpose before anyone had an opinion. One of our, our digital guy up here named Tony, he came in the room and was saying that the, our other digital guy, Nick. And I said, yo, you know who created that quote? Who created that quote? Was my good homegirl Jasmine Jazz, fly Waters, you know, rest in peace to Jasmine Fly Waters.


She passed away a few years ago And I went to go look it up to prove to them that she said this quote first. And the full quote is, you had a purpose before anyone had an opinion. Remember that. And when asked, who do you think you are, answer whom I was created to be. Do you know when she first posted that? February 12th, 2015. Oh my god damn. 10 years ago today. So Jalen Hurt said that, I guess recently after his Super Bowl win. And Tony literally came in there and said that in the, in the office this morning. And I was like, oh, my homegirl made that quote And I looked it up. I'm looking at it. February 12th, 2015, Jasmine Jazz Fly Water says you had a purpose before anyone had an opinion. Remember that.


And when asked, who do you think you are? Answer whom I was created to be rest in peace, jazz, fly, amazing Breakfast Club Bitches Y Finish or y'all done.


American Public University understands the challenges of balancing education with a busy ever changing life. Whether you're part of a military family managing PCs moves or a working professional juggling career and family, A PU offers the flexibility you need to succeed. Deliver online APUS programs make it possible to learn wherever life takes you. And courses are offered in eight and 16 week formats with monthly start dates so you can begin when it's convenient and progress at a pace that's comfortable for you. A PU is committed to making education affordable for everyone, for active duty, military and their families. The preferred military rate is just 250 per credit hour. Veterans and their families can benefit from the Veteran Grant, which provides 10% off undergrad and master's levels tuition. And for everyone else, the Opportunity Grant offers the same 10% tuition savings, making higher education within reach for all. Visit apu.apus.edu/military to learn more American public University education at moves with you.


Hi, I'm Arturo Castro, and I've been lucky enough to do stuff like Broad City and Narcos and Roadhouse, and now I'm starting a podcast because honestly guys, I don't feel the space is crowded enough. Get Ready for Greatest Escapes a new comedy podcast about the wildest true escape stories in history. Each week I'll be sitting down with some of the most hilarious actors and writers and comedians. People like Ed Helms, Diane Guerrero, and Joseph Gordon Levitt. I love storytelling And I Love you. So I can't wait. Listen and subscribe to Greatest Escapes on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts.


Hey man, what are you into? I have the hookup. The hookup, the hookup for what? I'm solving a mystery through sex. And haven't made a private dick joke until now. Poppers, why are there so many poppers? All roads lead to the hookup. You think it's causing people to turn agro? I'm gonna rip your arms Off and use them to, yeah, that's a word for it. Listen to the hookup on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you listen to your favorite shows.


Welcome to my legacy, I'm Martin Luther King, I third, and together with my wife, Andrea Waters King. And our dear friends, mark and Craig Kil, we explore the personal journeys that shape extraordinary lives. Join us for heartfelt conversations with remarkable guests like David o Ho, Mel Robbins, Martin Sheen, Dr. Sanjay Gupta, and Billy Porter. Listen To my legacy on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts. This is my legacy.