
Hello and Welcome to Haunting Purgatory Premier podcast. I'm your host, Thereza. We'll be bringing you different ghost stories each week straight from the person who experienced it firsthand. Some will be unsettling, some unnerving, some even downright terrifying, but all of them will be totally true. Listen to Haunting on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts.


Hi, my name's Josh. I'm from the podcast, the Imperfects, where we interview our well-known people who look like they have perfect lives. But like most of us, in fact, all of us, they're often far from it. We interview people like James Clear and Adam Grant. What do you do with the feeling of being an imposter? It's really tempting to trust your own judgment over other people's. What you're forgetting is that other people see you more objectively, And, I. Think what that means is if multiple people believe in you, it's probably time to believe them. Listen to the Imperfects on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts.


Curious about queer sexuality, cruising and expanding your horizons. Hit play on the sex positive and deeply entertaining podcast, sniffy Cruising Confessions. Join hosts Gabe Gonzalez and Chris Patterson Rosso as they explore queer sex cruising relationships and culture in the new iHeartPodcasts. Sniffy Cruising Confessions. S Sniffy Cruising Confessions will broaden minds and help you pursue your true goals. You can listen to Sniffy Cruising Confessions sponsored by Gilead now on the iHeartRadio app, or wherever you get your podcasts. New episodes every Thursday.


My name is Curly, and I'm Maya and Welcome to the Super Secret Besty Club, the Super Secret Club podcast. A super secret club where we talk about super secret things. Yeah, like secrets that are super. That's what it is. In Each episode, we'll talk about love, friendship, heartbreaks, men, and of course, our favorite secrets. Get in here. Listen To the super Secret Bestie Club on iHeartRadio App, app podcast, or wherever you get your podcasts.


Welcome, welcome Welcome to another exciting episode of the Trap Nerds podcast. This is not an episode. I'm pretty sure this is a promo You. know what it is. We in this piece, trap Nurse Trap nerd real like you never heard. We giving you reliable gaming news with the best movie and TV reviews from a blurb perspective, all things inside and out of blurred culture. Listen to The Trap Nurse Podcast or the Black Effect Podcast Network, iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts.


These guys, this is history. What you've done with you guys have built a platform that influences Ai Man the world's most dangerous morning show. The, Breakfast, Club, DJ Envy. Every My record I made Jesse hilarious. Jesse. Jesse, she nobody Charlamagne to God. What made you think the liking of controversial questions would take his part? I like This show. Thanks. Breakfast Club. Good morning. USA Yo yo. Yo yo yo yo yo, yo, yo, yo, yo, Yo, yo, yo, yo, yo, yo, yo, yo, yo, yo, yo, yo, yo, yo, yo, yo, yo, yo, yo, yo, yo, yo yo, yo yo, yo yo. Jess is out today. Charlemagne the guy. Peace to the Planet is Tuesday. Yes, it's Tuesday.


Yeah. You know. It's about that time for our good sister, Jess. Hilarious. So Well, she's what, three less than three weeks? Two weeks? Yeah. Like two weeks away. Two weeks. Two weeks. Yeah. Two weeks. Half. She said, I'm having her baby. So You know if you've ever been pregnant, You know ever had a significant other. That's pregnant. You know these last two weeks be crucial. Yeah, they're crucial. So you never know how somebody's gonna wake up, how they going to feel. That's right. So I don't know why she came in yesterday. Yeah, that was crazy. But God bless her. That's right, babe. So just this out today. All right. So last night, did you, did you watch the Republican Convention? I must. I watched it You know much as I cared about You know I watched it. And then I You know I had, of course, we eventually had to go to sleep, but I watched a pretty good significant chunk of it.


I watched it on CNN though, and CNN, I don't know how it was on other networks, but CNN was doing a lot of commentary, like over a lot of the speeches. So like, they would go in and out of certain speeches. Like I know they showed Amber Rose's whole speech. Who else did I see Speak last night? I the Tim Scott. I saw Tim Scott. Yep. Who else did I see? I mean, I saw a bunch of white people. I had no idea who they were. I saw the head of the Teamster speech. There was another brother that spoke too. I can't think of the, the brother's name. I do because I saw him. 'cause he referenced the Joe Biden. You Ain't Black Thing. Yeah. I don't remember his name either. I don't remember his name. Yeah, I watched it. I watched it last night. Why is it You know? I, I know we'll talk about it more on front page news, but why is there a whole thing, which I couldn't understand. It seems like everybody was saying America is not a racist country.


Like that was something that they stood on a lot. And I was sitting there like, are they blind? Can they not see what's going on? I was kind of confused. I don't know what the hell was happening, but yeah, it was, it was just, it's interesting. Yeah. I tell you that much. For lack, for lack of a better word. We'll break it down more in front page news. We got a special guest joining us this morning. Dietrich Hadden Gospel singer. He has a album called One Night in California, and we'll be kicking it with him in a little bit. And then when we come back, we got front page news with Morgan. That's right. Morgan would be joining us. What we got this morning. Morgan Coffin. Coffin. Crazy like, like she You know. I think Morgan hits a little blunt before she gets on. And so she be ex exhaling. Mm. Right? Right before, right before, right before.


Just to get her mind right. Just get her mind right. I ain't matter her, I'm lying. But You know. That's just what I think. But we don't know. Mighty, you don't. All this stuff she gotta discuss. Let's, when we come back, all right, we'll do it. When we come back from page news, The. Breakfast, Club. Good morning. Get your ass up. Alright, morning everybody. It's DJ Envy. Jess. Hilarious. Charlamagne the guy. We are The Breakfast. Club. Let's get in some front page news. Hey Morgan. Hey y'all. Hey. So yeah, let's get into it. A busy day for the Republican National Convention. Yesterday up its first day, Trump won the Republican Party's nomination for President Republican delegates from all 50 states territories. And the District of Columbia nominated the former president, and Trump is expected to officially accept that nomination in a speech on Thursday.


Now, former president, the former president, did pick his vp, a selection running mate, and he was officially nominated on the convention floor Ohio. Lieutenant Governor John Husted made the nomination announcement. Let's hear that. It is therefore, my honor to nominate Ohio Senator JD Vance for the office of Vice President of the United States of America. Yeah. So Vance was selected, or excuse me, elected to the Senate in 2022, representing Ohio, of course, a key swing state. In the 2024 race, he wrote the bestselling book, hillbilly Elegy, a memoir of his experiences growing up in poverty.


Now, president Biden reacted to the VP pick, and in a post on X, he said that Vance talks a big game about working people. He went on to claim that Trump and Vance want to raise taxes on middle class families while pushing more tax cuts for the rich. Now, Trump named Vance as his vp Presidential pick, of course now Ohio Republican delegate entrepreneur, and 2020 presidential candidate. Vik Re Sami says, JD Vance will be a great vice presidential pick to Donald Trump if the GOP wins the November ticket. Let's hear more from Vik Ramis. He's a Guy who actually means what he says, which as strange as that sound is actually rare in American politics, and our families are, are good friends, our boys, our kids are of similar age.


We both hailed from 10 mile radius of each other, even where we grew up. And in Ci native Cincinnatians. I mean, I'm a human being. You know. I think everybody, anybody who was serious in American politics who was asked, who would've been asked, would've said yes, I would've said yes if asked too. But I think Jamie was truly not standing choice. Yeah. So that was him. The last comment was him asking whether or not he was selected You know how he would feel about it. So Vance, actually, it's funny that he says that JD Vance means what he says because back Vance has actually been backtracking a lot of comments about what he said about former president Trump. Vance has been very critical of Trump in the past, saying he himself was a never Trumper once calling the former president America's Hitler.


And even going so far as to say, If, you vote for him, you're an idiot. I guess he's since changed his tone. And That's interesting, right? Because You know I gave him Donkey of the Day yesterday because he said that a lot of the rhetoric that You know Democrats use when they say things like Trump is an existential threat to democracy as what led to him getting shot. But he referred to Trump as Hitler, definitely You know, and now he's his running mate. So there's that. So I'm not sure if we can really You know. He's he's a legal kind of guy, so I'm not sure if we can You know, take his, take him for his word. You know he's saying, he's saying one thing, he's doing another. I don't, I don't know. But That is what politicians do though, right? I mean, when they're campaigning against each other, You know, they, they, they say things about each other, they say things to each other, but then You know when it's time for them to You know, come together on one accord.


Everybody gets from the same page. It does. Like the Republican party is definitely united on that front in that regard. And that's the tone. He's saying, Hey, I was wrong about Trump. So, Yeah. But he was never campaigning against Trump though, right? He, he just said he, he was, he was a Hitler. I like You know He If. you voted for him. Yeah, he just didn't agree with him, which was surprising. And he just took everything back. Like, but I, I'm just looking at it because You know when you think about, it's okay, Vance push for your own political Yeah, I get it. When you think about 2020, you think about how Democrats went hard at Biden. You know. Yeah. I mean, Kamala stumped him on the stage with that busting, but now she's the vp, so it happens. Yeah, you're right about that. So meanwhile, model rapper and television personality. Amber Rose, she entered the chat. Well, she started Rapping. You said rapper. I saw that last night on CNN too.


They put that on the lower third. I'm like, when did she start Wrapping up? Oh, we know. Yeah. Well, yeah, she's, she's, well, nothing that's charted, but You know Jesus. So she entered the chat and spoke at the RNC convention on Monday. Let's hear more from Amber Rose's comments. When you go to the store, buy food for your family, you're shocked when you fill up your gas tank, you're pissed. I know, I am. My message to you tonight comes from a humble place. The left told me to hate Trump and even worse, to hate the other side. The people who support him, when you cut through the lies, you realize the truth. American families were better when Donald Trump was president.


So her speech at the RNC comes as Trump continues to court young voters in the race for the White House. Of course You know she has more than 27 million followers across Instagram X and other social media platforms. So of course she's considered highly influential and other news. Yeah, I don't, And by the way, I don't care who people choose to support politically. That's your choice. All I kept thinking when I saw her speaking was her and Kanye should have stayed together. Oh. 'cause they, they, yeah. Crazy. Their MAGA hats together, the opinions are the same. Yeah. She said she's gonna raise her her MAGA hat. She also definitely said that her father was the one that persuaded her. She listened to her father, father served in the military, and that was the reason why she changed her mind on Donald Trump. She said, She said she went and did her research after You know hearing so much about him.


Yes, I like that story about her father being in the military, so salute to him and his service. And of course, former president Trump's this also broke yesterday. Former P President Trump's classified documents case was dismissed. And of course he's applauding that decision. He was accused by the feds of taking classified documents from the White House after he left office and illegally storing them in Mar-a-Lago. Now Judge Eileen Cannon ruled the appointment of special counsel. Jack Smith violated the constitution. Trump posted as we move forward in uniting our nation after the horrific events on Saturday, referring to his assassination attempt. This dismissal should be followed by the dismissal of all the witch hunts, which he lists. His short list of wis witch hunts or list of witch hunts includes his pending case, pending cases, and of course the New York hush money case where he was found guilty.


So yeah, a lot of ground covered at the RNC. We'll talk more about Biden's reaction to that. And he also sat down with NBC's Lester Holt. So we'll talk more about that in That. And very important to note, that was a judge that he appointed. Yeah. Yes. And I. Hope that That was a Trump appointed judge. And I. Hope y'all are ready for all his cases to, to be thrown out. And You know, I, I asked this question yesterday on social media, and I've been asking him for the past couple of weeks in light of the Supreme Court's recent rulings, right? Because we know the Supreme Court is no longer a legitimate institution, right? They're just a completely corrupt court. We have to ask ourselves, is democracy still healthy enough to have a free and fair election come November? Now, I'm one of those people that don't believe Biden can beat Trump in November.


But if he does and is close and Trump challenges the election like we know he will, and it goes to the Supreme Court, who do you think the Supreme Court gonna stand with? Donald J. Trump. We saw the time cover. Yes. New Yorker. The New Yorker. The New Yorker cover. I'm sorry. New Yorker. Thank you for that correction. Yep. Alright. That did well. That is front page news. And I. Just wanna remind you guys, I know nobody talks about it, but it's Allstar game from Major League Baseball out. Nobody's even said anything because it home, because baseball was better when everybody was on steroids. And nobody wants to admit that. But it's the truth. Tell y'all, it just was yesterday was the home run derby. But anyway. Alright, thank you Morgan. See you next hour. Everybody else get it off your chest.


805 8 5 1 0 5 1. If. you need to vent. Phone lines wide open again. (800) 585-1051. It's The Breakfast Club. Good morning The. Breakfast Club. This is your time to get it off your chest. Whether you're mad or blessed, hopefully you have the same energy we wanna hear from you on The Breakfast Club. Hello. Who's this? How you doing man? This is Daquan Daquan. What's up brother? Daquan. What's up? Get it off your chest. I just wanted to say, I just wanted to say, as black people, we gotta come together more, especially with all this trauma buying stuff going on, we ain't gonna never be able to say what we want if we can't even agree on what we want. And Paige is like the Sha room and stuff like that don't really help You know what I'm saying?


They just create more division, kind of base you to think what they want you to think. And that just cause more arguments between us. So I just wanted to say this morning, when y'all get up, everybody just come together, You. know what I'm saying? Don't always try to find something you can argue with the next person about. Just stay focused. We can't play it on the Shade Room. You can't blame it on the Shade Room. They, they're a media outlet that reports everything Out there. I ain't blame it on them You know what I'm saying? But a lot of, they supposed to be like stuff that kind of leads you towards one way or another. You just got a whole bunch of people in common sex cussing each other out. Everything You know what I'm saying? I get what you saying. A lot of do the common section, But, but You know, I think You know people like the Shade Room or just any news outlet. They put certain information out there.


It's just up to you to decide what you wanna do with it. Like You know, IIII, I think that sometimes what we, what we shouldn't do is You know read something and just take a side on it. Just take the information in. But I think we also gotta start doing our homework. We can't necessarily trust every news outlet. We have to You know, do the due diligence and make sure things are actual right too. Because a lot of these news outlets are reporting things that they think is true. But a lot of times it's, it's not not. Hello, who's this? Hello. Good morning DJ JV. Good morning. Good morning. This is my first time, my only breakfast, but Well, welcome. Yeah. My name is Amec, originally from Africa. I'm from Nigeria, so I want to talk about what's going on. I just think black people were sorry.


Okay. You know, like growing up in Nigeria, politics, it is a blood bath through the election. And I'm seeing everything happen right now in United State of America. But what Trump is doing, I don't think we're getting back from that because our black people is done. Americans are safe. So other black The World, You feel like it feel like there's holes in your phone. Call brother. Every time we can only hear every other word sadly, because I, I'm trying, oh My God, my, okay. I know Lord have mercy. God bless. I wanted to hear what he had to say though. He sounded like he was saying something good. Hello. Who's this? Good Morning. This is Ra. Hey Ra. He's Ra. Good morning. How y'all doing? Blessed black and highly favored.


Thank God. I just wanna say happy birthday to my fiance Grover. Okay. And I. Also wanna say happy birthday to my coworkers daughter and Okay. Okay. You, you surrounded by cancers. That's what's up. Big cancer energy. We out here? Yes. I'm What you doing? What you doing for your man's birthday? Well, I brought him a gift yesterday. He didn't get it yet. So when he wake up, he'll get it. And I'm also, me and my son is taking him out to dinner. Where y'all going? We going to Longhorns in New Jersey. Longhorns. Okay. Well you have a good time out in long Texas Longhorns. Yeah, Texas Longhorns. Oh, okay. Wanna write? Never, never tried it before the first trying it. Okay. That's the one in Paramus, right? New Jersey? Yes. Yes, I've been there before.


Have a good time. All right. Thank you so much. Have a great day. Y you And also just wanna wish Jess a happy delivery. Absolutely Happy Delivery. Alright, thank you nra. Alright, Thank you. Have a good day. You don't wanna say your boyfriend's name so somebody could call him and say You Grover. Grover. All right, now? Yeah, now now that man, that man wife call up here. Talk about, I had plans for him and his birthday tonight. You gonna be upset? You Better stop it. You better stop it. Have a good one. Enjoy the day. All right mama. You too. You Get it off your chest. 805 8 5 1 0 5 1. If. you need to vent. Hit us up now. It's The. Breakfast. Club. Good morning, The. Breakfast Club.


I'm, I'm telling. Hey, whatcha doing man? Call calling. This is your time to get it off your chest. Whether you're mad or blessed. 805 8 5 1 0 5 1. We want to hear from you on The. Breakfast Club. Hello? Who's this? Hello? You Hear me? Yeah, I can hear you. Good morning. Who's this? What's up? Envy, this's, Kev. Hey, what's up brother? Get it off your chest. Oh, I had a question shot a whole 50 cent Oh, event coming up in August. I see that you added a car show, but I haven't heard anything for The Breakfast Club yet. Yeah, so 50 You know it was during the weekend in Shreveport, Louisiana. That's where he opened up Jesus through this, where they're gonna be shooting a lot of the movies. So to kick it off, he's doing a huge weekend.


So one night is a comedy show and he got every comedian that you could possibly think of from Andrew Schultz to Kat Williams. Then he's doing a, a celebrity basketball game. He's doing like a huge performance and then also car shows that weekend. So he's just doing something that's family fun and so many different activities. So yes, the car show will be that Saturday and Sunday fifties bringing a host of cars and a host of people and a host of celebrities. He's just trying to really give back to Shreveport. And the majority of all those proceeds go to his junior G Unit foundation where he's giving back to the Shreveport community and the kids there. So he's doing a lot of good stuff out in Shreveport. And, I'm just going in to support my brother. That's all. Yeah, I just bought my tickets, so I'll be out there. Okay, dope. Can't wait to see that.


But also before you hang up on me, I remember I called like three weeks ago. I told you my daughter's birthday was August 16th. Y say I was gonna give me tickets, but I never received the email tickets. To where? To your car show on August? August 17th. August 17th. Stay on the line. Right? All right, hold on. Okay. And today's your daughter's birthday or you said your daughter's birthday? No, August 16th. Okay. Yeah, we got you. Stay on the line. Okay. See that man, his tickets, man. We got you. We got you. Hold on. Hello. Who's this? Yes sir. It's J from in J. What's up from up? How you doing Jay? Hey. Hey. Good morning Breakfast Club. I got some disappointing news. And I know my boy's gonna hear this. He's trying to reconnect with his old lady. And I want him to know there's no such thing as the right person at the wrong time.


Oh man, what happened? The right person at the wrong time shouldn't be the other way around. Yeah, I know the wrong person at the right time. Either way, however you wanna word it. That Usher song. Good, good. Got people thinking I'm at the right person at the wrong time, And. I'm just letting him know that she's just not the right person. But he thinks I'm being negative, so he's gonna hear this and hopefully it registers, but I'm just telling him it doesn't work like that. Well, you gotta get your language right first. It's, there's no such thing as the wrong person at the right time. Like, there's always time for the right person. Yeah. My apologies. Yes. So you're right, right person Sound like you. I'm gonna be honest with you. You sound like you want your boy. What? Nah, I, I'm be honest with you. It sound like you really the one that got the crush on him. You want be with him to, That's what you came up with.


I do. I hear it. And. I just want I head in your throat. I I appreciate you, but I really want him to understand that it's gonna be okay. 'cause I just want him to, to transition. Oh boy. He calls every day. See you won the transition. You right. You want the transition. You right. Sounds like you gonna be about to rub his back later on, bro. Hey man, I leave that up to y'all, man, but I appreciate y'all letting me get it off my chest. Alright Brother. Why? Just question. Why is she the wrong person, bro? 'cause You know you got the expectations you have of people and it's like, yeah, I'm ma mature, she wants different things and at the same time they were really seeing each other. He wasn't acting right. So at that point, if y'all not on the same page, it's like I tell my son, gotta be willing to let it go. You'll be okay. All right, man. All, I'm glad you're still invested in your, your homeboy's relationship.


That's two more. Two investors. Sounds like you want. Boy. Hey, get it off your chest. 805 8 5 1 0 5 1. Now when we come back, we got Jess with the mess. Well actually Jess is out, so we got her mess. We got a lot, lot to talk about. Fergie was actually trending yesterday. We'll tell you why. Also, Biden sat down with Complex and said some very interesting things. Listen to my guy Speedy Norman. Man, I I watched that one yesterday. I watched the whole 19 minutes of it. Yep. And lastly applies. Well. Yeah. Well he has a new bay and a bay that he didn't ask for. We'll tell you about it when we come back. It's The, Breakfast, Club. Good morning, The, Breakfast, Club. This what y'all need to do.


No disrespect to future, but y'all can cut. Don't future got two verses before Kendrick other one. Just one verse. Y'all gotta cut it to where Kendrick verse plays all the way through, man always end up cutting off Kendrick's verse. So you wanna take out Future on Future's record half of it. Oh my goodness. When he on the hook, let him do the hook and then go right into the Kendrick verse. Morning everybody, we are The, Breakfast, Club. Just as out. So let's get to the mess. Your music is real. Just Robin Moore. Just don't do no lying. Don't Do, She don't spare nobody Worldwide. Worldwide Method on The Breakfast Club. She's a cultureship. She Was able to get y'all to see something and understand something that nobody could get you to see this, It's time to shut the door.


I know you guys might be tired of politics, but there's so much going on Yesterday. Joe Biden sat down with Speedy Mormon Speedy from the complex and they had a a what you said like a 19 minute conversation. Yeah, it was 19 minutes. I watched it yesterday. S sl to Speedy. I thought it was a very solid conversation. 19 minute conversation. And they talk about a lot of things like Biden talks about black jobs during this conversation. A black job is the same as a white job, the same other job. But he You know what he means by black job. What does he mean? He means media labor. That's what he thinks. You know. He thinks he is gonna sell golden shoes or sneakers. And that's somehow, I mean, the idea that there'd be support for him and talking about how they're coming, taking black jobs, not taking, there's a reason why we are the most advanced nation in The, World most progressive nation in The.


World. Why? Our economy's the biggest, we're the only nation in The World because it's xenophobic Now they also have a conversation. Speedy Joe Biden, why his support for Israel was so strong and he talks about himself being a Zionist. If there weren't in Israel, every Jew in The, World would be at risk. Every Jew in The World would be at risk. And so there's a need for it to be strong and a need for Israel to be able to have after World War ii, the ability for Jews to have a place that was their own. Well, you don't have to be a Jew to be a Zionist. And a Zionist is about whether or not Israel is a safe haven for Jews because of their history of how they've been persecuted. Are you a Zionist? Yes. Now, now you'll be able to make a lot out it because people don't know what a Zionist is.


Do You know what a Zionist is? I just ask questions. I don't Answer. By the way, I'm the guy that did more for the Palestinian community than anybody. I'm the guy that opened up all the assets. I'm the guy that made that sure that I got the Egyptians open the border to let good good to medicine and food Drop on a cruise bomb from Speedy Speedy's. Just funny to me. I I I hit Speedy yesterday. And I told him. I thought that was a solid conversation. Speedy, just funny to me because he can present very straight, but he's really a damn fool. He already start laughing. Yes. There, there are certain hosts who have a skillset set that is, is very straight, right? Like Ryan Crest, Terrance Jay, Mario Lopez You know the kind of presenter I'm talking about. Yep. Yep. And what they do is very necessary. And it is a, a very unique skill.


Speedy presents like that. He's very, very good. But he's really a nut. And that's hilarious to me. Just watching Speedy keep it together is hilarious to me. It's slu to my guy. Speedy. It's alu to Speedy. I like what he does. Also always have also talks about his age. Ask Biden about his age. President Biden, you're getting up there, man. 81 years old. You'll be 82 at the time of the inauguration. If you're reelected 86 at the end of that presidential term, some people are concerned that maybe you shouldn't be in this race. Are you 100% running for reelection? 1000%. A thousand percent. Why? You gotta finish the job for the longest time I was, you were told I was too young because I got elected to the Senate, the second youngest man in history in the Senate to get elected.


And that I'm too old. What hopefully I've demonstrated with age comes a little wisdom. I've gotten presumption to say this, but I've got more done than almost any President has in one term. And we got more to do. He may not be wrong. I just don't see how they win in November. There is no energy. It don't feel like that side is inspired. You know. It feels like MAGA has all the momentum. They look like a complete unit. They got a goal. They got a, a leader. They've rallied around You know. I also think it's easier for conservatives to rally around each other because the base of their party actually sees results from their party. The things they get. I mean, the things they want, they get. Yeah. You know. I I just, I just You know. I just don't, I don't see how it happens in November. Well, we know Plys has been, plys has been very critical of Donald Trump and very critical of, of not voting for Donald Trump.


Well, Kodak Black does not like that. He got on IG to tell Plys to fall back. Now we all know that Trump parting Kodak black from a gun charge in 2021. And this is what Kodak Black's message was to PLAs Say, yak go smack plys for what? Oh, PS had to probably been there saying some old crazy ass. Damn. I ain't gonna lie. You know what's crazy up ours. But like we ain't going from no Trump slam. Bro, you need to go here and tighten out.


What does a therapist do when her family is the one who needs help seek therapy. Of course, don't miss the new season of the Hulu comedy on prison starring Carrie Washington and Roy Lindo with a father outta prison. A son with growing anxiety and a therapy practice in serious trouble. Carrie Washington's page is determined to pull her family back together. Nothing is uncomplicated un unprisoned, especially family. Will they be free from the generational issues and old wounds holding them back. John Stamos, guest stars as an unorthodox radical healing coach who goes toe to toe with Paige as Family Secrets come out. Can Paige and her crew move forward? Get ready for a new season of raw comedy and heartfelt connection on Unpr New season premiers your July 17th streaming only on Hulu


Greetings, ghouls and Girls and Welcome to Haunting Purgatory. Premier podcast for all things after life. I'm your host Thereza. We'll be bringing you different ghost stories each week straight from the person who experienced it firsthand. Some will be unsettling When she was with her imaginary friend, she would turn and look at you and you felt like something else was looking at you too. Some unnerving. The more I looked at it, I realized that the thumb looked more like a claw, like a demon. Some even downright terrifying. The things that I saw, heard, felt in that house were purely demonic, But all of them will be totally true. Listen to Haunting on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you live and get your podcasts.


Hi, my name's Josh. I'm from the podcast, the Imperfects, where we interview our well-known people who look like they have perfect lives. But like most of us, in fact, all of us, they're often far from it. We interview people like James Clear and Adam Grant. What do you do with the feeling of being an imposter? It's really tempting to trust your own judgment over other people's. What you're forgetting is that other people see you more objectively. And, I. Think what that means is if multiple people believe in you, it's probably time to believe them. Listen to the Imperfects on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcast, or wherever you get your podcasts.


Welcome, welcome Welcome to another exciting episode of the Trap Nerds podcast. This is not an episode. It's a promo You. know what it is. Promo time. We in this piece, Trap nerds. Trap nerds real like you never heard. Join the Trap Nerds podcast every Monday and listen to us discuss all things inside and out of blurred culture. What point Tarantino squashes his beef with Marvel and be like, I oh God, this. See, I mean to push shots the road. We'll see, I'll be down with You know, gonna be extra racing with the best movie and TV reviews from a blurb perspective. I, I think if Bo Mayo hadn't got fired, Kevin Fi would be in trouble right now. Freak we giving you reliable gaming news and real genuine game reviews. I'll stand for Lightning. Why up does she have three games? Because she a bad dude, I hate you so much. Right? Listen to the Trap Nurse podcast or the Black Effect Podcast network, iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts or wherever you get your podcasts.


Yo, it's Big Bank. Check out my podcast perspective with Bank on the Black Effect podcast Network. Each and every Monday perspective with Bank podcast will feature individuals from different backgrounds all walks of life who come together to share their unique perspective and engaging enlightened conversation. What you think the biggest disconnect between men and women Is? I think the biggest disconnect is, is now there is a role reversal. I feel like almost scientifically, if, if there's not a, in my opinion, my perspective, a natural order of the man being the head and the one following the relationship will almost always fail. I like my work as a music artist and executive. I unlock diverse thought provoking viewpoints and experiences on a wide range perspective that you never knew you needed. But don't women know off the rip before they hit 'em with the okay that this ain't even me once my feeling change. We for our feelings supposed to change at the same time. Yeah, at the Same time. But You know what I'm saying? But you got, they just want a woman period. Every Monday. Listen to Perspective Bank on Black Effect podcast network, iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts or wherever you get your podcasts.


Hear the get off that Trump ain't did nothing to you. You feel me? You rich brother. You rich. Just all that love because yourself, boy, Stop Kodak, if y'all don't stop that beat, if y'all don't stop them little back and forths over them old white men. I don't wanna see no black people threatening each other over, over no old white men. I don't wanna see no black people going back and forth with each other over no old white men. Cut it out You. know what I'm saying? Listen, whatever you wanna believe politically believe it. But You know, don't go back and forth with each other. Yeah. No violence over no old white men. Cut it out. No, back and forth online. It sounds stupid. Knock it out. And it's not a back and forth, it's just You know Kodak cut it out right now. Also applies. He got into an incident yesterday.


He was in the airport and somebody asked to take a picture. The gentleman was gay and ply said, yeah, of course. I don't care what you are. Well, it backfired. Jimmy mean if he would've said he was Maggie, he wouldn't have took a picture of him. Oh, don't say you don't care what they are now. Ply. That's it. You know. That's a lie. Well, pla took the picture and it backfired on him. Now this is a long audio, but it's hilarious. I I can't be mother nice to nobody. I I just come to that mother realization. Hell, I get mother approached and You know mother say, can I, can I get a picture? You know me being me. Oh, I, oh I know you ain't gonna take no picture with me. I said, man, why wouldn't I take no no picture with you? Well you You know why you don't want take no picture with me. 'cause I'm 'cause because because I'm you You know.


I'm, I'm, and they said the word, I guess You know, start with a g ga y'all in his arrest. I said, man, I don't get in nobody business like that. If, you wanna take him off? Let's take a picture. I ain't, who am I to judge you? I ain't got nothing mother to do with none of that. He turned the mother picture around or gee, how you mother describe it and take the picture. Now somebody just sent me the mother picture just now in his mother caption in the picture. He put me in bay just waiting on our flight. I say, boy, not, not I got why I can't be no mother nobody no more. Well truthfully, that's why folks don't be wanting to take pictures with people because folks will take picks and manipulate them with silly ass captions.


That's right. And since we live in an era where nobody cares about the truth, when the lies is more entertaining now applies is gay. Okay, I got plenty buzz. Yeah, I got plenty buzz. Like that's just what, that's just the era we live in. Poor applies man. That's just the era we inly description is hilarious. Last time we got time for one more. Yesterday Fergie was trending and people wanted to know why Fergie was trending. That's because yesterday was the home run Derby. And during the home run Derby an artist, the name of her name is Ingrid Andress. She actually lost her Grammy to Megan Thee stallion. She ang the national anthem. And this is what it sounded like.


Yeah. Remember Fergie can, we can play a little bit of Fergie? Well, well to be honest with you, with the current state of the country, I believe that's the proper way for the national anthem to sound If. you ask me. Okay. And Fergie's still the ball for Trias National Anthem. Damn. Oh nah. Fergie sound like Whitney Houston prepared in that last No, right here. There you go. Here goes The Yeah, you right Fe actually sounds good compared to Ingrid. Sound like Whitney Houston compared, what's her name? Ingrid Andres. Ingrid ands. I don't know who that is.


She's a country singer. Oh, okay. Alright. And that is the mess. All right. Like I said, Jess is out. Hopefully she be back tomorrow. Now, next hour we'll be talking about the YSL Judge. He had to recuse himself. We'll tell you about that when we come back. I said that right Recuse. Yeah. And we got a guest coming in next, next, next hour. Yeah. Derrick Dietrich Diet Kaden will be joining us Gospel Singer. But up next we got front page news with Morgan Wood. It's The Breakfast. Club. Good morning The. Breakfast Club. Your mornings on. Never be the same Morning Everybody. It's DJ Envy Jess, hilarious Charlamagne guy. We are The Breakfast. Club. Let's get in some front page news. What up Morgan? Hey y'all. Hey. Yeah. So let's talk about what happened on the other side of the aisle yesterday.


You know there was r and C going down and President Biden, he sat down with NBC news yesterday speaking to Lester Holt and was pressed about his age, mental fitness Donald Trump, and how he can turn down the heat in political discourse and rhetoric. Let's hear more from President Biden's interview with NBC's Lester Holt. Continue to talk about the things that matter to the American public. It matters whether or not you accept the outcome of elections. It matters whether or not you, for example, talk about how you're gonna deal with the border instead of talking about people as being vermin. I'm not out there making fun of like, when, remember the picture of Donald Trump, when Nancy Pelosi's husband was hit with the hammer going, talking about, joking about it.


Look, I've been doing this a long time. The idea that I'm the old guy. I am, I'm old, but I'm only three years older than Trump. Yeah. Biden reiterated that he is not dropping out of the race, mainly because he won the primary adding 14 million people already voted for him and he's going to listen to them now also, that happened during the interview. He was asked about donors and Biden responded by saying, we're done. Quote, we're done talking about the debate. It's time to put Donald Trump in a bullseye. That didn't go over well. He backtracked those comments saying he didn't mean to use Bullseye when discussing Trump. Of course, referencing, or maybe it's just too soon referencing that assassination.


Man. He don't have to explain that man. Like nobody knew that he called It a mistake. Nobody knew Donald, Donald Trump. Somebody's gonna try to take Donald Trump's life like that. He, he, he know what his intention was with that. Like, cut it out. Like that's the thing Trump, well, You know Trump don't apologize about nothing. Nothing at all. Republicans don't apologize about nothing. Like Democrats are always moon walking. That's why they look so cowardice when he said Bullseye. We know he didn't mean to get shot. Like we, we I Think we understood that. Yeah. But it's been such that, that in itself, him stumbling over his words has been such a topic that, I mean, maybe he feels like he does need to explain himself. So he does. He he went on and said he called it a mistake and added that he doesn't engage in that type of language. He went on to, he also went on to list times that he thinks Trump did, bringing up the Capitol riot several times.


Now, Biden did say that he will not debate Donald Trump again anytime soon. There have been other requests. Like will you debate him again? Will you debate him again? So he is scheduled to debate him in September, but he said he is not going to debate to debate him anytime. Oh, I thought he said he would. I thought he said he would debate him again before the election. He, he said he's only going to debate Trump on the next agreed upon date, which is in September. Oh, got you. And You know, listen, everything, it's not like everything Biden was saying wasn't making sense. But I, I've been saying forever, you can't focus on what Trump is not doing. Right. People that like Trump have their mind made up already. You have to tell the American people what you are doing. Right. You have to tell the American people what you've done.


Just running on this. Trump is bad. Trump is bad. Trump is bad. Trump is bad. We, we good. We good. We good. That ain't gonna cut it. People don't care. People don't care about good and bad. Right and wrong. They don't care about that. They care about what have you done. You gotta tell the American people what you've done for them. What's happening? Done. Fuck me lately. Yes. Let's switch gears to some news. Out of California. Schools are now banned from mandating teachers to tell parents about gender or student gender identity changes. So if there is an identity change amongst the students, then You know. The teachers cannot say anything to the parents. So Governor Gavin Newsom signed the bill into law on Monday. It comes as school boards or some school boards in California decided to require schools to notify parents when a student changes their name or pronouns or when they ask to use facilities that don't match their gender on official records.


Now some school districts are in the state, are facing lawsuits over this policy change. Eight states have already passed gender notification policies since 2020 while California is the first to ban such policies. You guys, that's stupid. That is ridiculous. That is stupid. Like teachers should inform parents about everything. Yes. And anything you see in my child that I don't see anything that I'm missing in my child, you have to let me know. Let me know. Yeah. You spend the majority of the day with my kids. So if my kid is a born or him and now he's a her, I would like to know whatever happens in that classroom, whatever goes on about my kid, I want to know to Protect the child. Yeah. Yes. I wanna know that is my child.


Anything that happens with my child, you should let me know. Just to, just same way. If there's things going on with my child, I know that my child is spending the majority of their time with you, the teacher. I have to let You know. I have to let You know about any mental issues, emotional issues, physical issues, like Abso like that is food allergies, anything that, that is ridiculous as Big Mac just walked in. Food allergies. Yeah, absolutely. So yeah, You know, keeping that in mind that You know. I'm not sure what the, what happens when You know minors are You know minors are under 18. So there's that. And also a, in another story, a beauty products company is being sued by one of its former store managers in Georgia.


According to the Atlanta Journal constitution, the employee claims she was fired for not hiring someone with the right demographics at a Sephora location in Alpharetta. Sephora officials insist the company is an equal opportunity employer. The woman's lawyer says the demographics at the store in question are 96% Caucasian. But the manager hired employees with varying backgrounds. So basically they're looking for people with a supposed Caucasian style names. I wonder if Morgan would pass the list. What's the Caucasian name? Bill? I'm Would, would Leonard be One's definitely one. I'm asking my name's not Leonard, it's Lenard. But what's the, what's the Caucasian name? And you said, you said Bill, but I can name mad famous Black Bills.


Cosby Bellamy. Then there's, then there's the white ones like Clinton. That's what I'm saying. What is the Caucasian name? I'm asking like, what is the Caucasian name? Maybe Karen You know those things. Karen's Definitely one. Yeah. But then You know it's a matter We believe as a, as a culture are Caucasian names. I mean, who's to say what a Caucasian name is? Well I think that the black man who's You know that that's suing should have applied for a black job. Yeah, I was gonna say, we still trying to figure out what the black jobs are. Okay. There's, you should have applied for a black job. All right. All, well that's your front page news. I'm Morgan Wood. You can follow me on social media at Morgan Media. M-O-R-G-Y-N-M-E-D-I-A. And for more news coverage, You know we've got it here at the Black Information network@bnews.com.


Alright. Hey Morgan. Thank you Morgan. All right. Now when we come back, Dietrich Hadden will be joining us Gospel Singer. His album one nine in California's out right now. We gonna chop it up with him next. So don't move us. The. Breakfast. Club. Good morning The. Breakfast Club. Morning everybody. It's DJ Envy. Just hilarious. Charlamagne the guy. We are The Breakfast. Club. We got a special guest in the building. Yes indeed. His new album is out right now. One night in California. Yes. Ladies and gentlemen, Dietrich Hadden. How Doing brother? Blessings in favor y'all. Good to see y'all. How you feeling today? Hey man, I'm a big fan of the show. Big fan of yours, Charlemagne, the God Jess, big fan. Good to be here man. Blessed to be alive and well. Happy to have you, my brother.


Tell us about this title one Night in California because You know it sounds sexual. And when you hear that from Jesus, when you hear that from a gospel artist, you like, whoa, California. No, no. It's all about, man, the night I had to reaffirm and reconfirm my yes to my calling and my yes to to God and my yes to the, my faith in God. And that's yeah, like an Epiphany. What happened in California? Huh? I said what happened in California? I had a moment where I just, I had to really You know, make a decision whether I wanted to continue to sing gospel music and represent God in that way. You know because I was so traumatized. By what? By what I had gone through. I went through a divorce and You know, and before the divorce process was over, I met my beautiful wife that I loved dearly.


Shout out to Dominique. What's up? We had a baby outta wedlock. And for the church, that's a no-No you, first of all the divorce, then you got a baby outta wedlock. And once the mess hit, the fan is like You know this guy. This is the, this is the well done. This is Mr. Sinner's prayer. This is the guy he's able sing all these big hit songs and gospel music. And so I had a, I had a, I had a season in my life man, where I just had to real, really realign myself to my calling. And it happens, man. It happens to everybody. Not just me. It happens to everybody. You gonna have to continue to say yes to the calling that's upon your life because life be, life in. Do you put a lot of, or do people in general put a lot of pressure on theyself trying to follow every single thing that the Bible tells you?


Because there's so many things the Bible tells us not to do and we all fall short. Well, the Bible does talk about the straight and narrow and that's not easy to do when life is giving you twists and turns. That's right. And pitfalls and, and potholes. And on the journey you can get out of alignment with your assignment. So you're gonna unfortunately, well, fortunately, you're gonna have to continue to say yes to whatever your divine assignment is. Mm. Whether you are a pastor or whether you are great announcer, great breakfast club, you are assigned to this. You are gonna have to continue to say yes to it. 'cause it's going You know there gonna be times when you say, man, I don't know if I wanna do this. That's right. Is this for me? You know. Yeah. It comes with the journey. But that, that's the beauty of it, because that's what ministry is.


That's what being fulfilling your calling is. It's, it's, it's blessing others while you're bleeding yourself. Mm. I was gonna say, now you're from Detroit, right? I'm D Doc. What up though? What up Though? So when it, when it come to, when it came to gospel music, how did you get into gospel music? Oh, I started professionally when I was 16 years old. I was a, I was a minister of music, my church choir when I was 13. So I was just gifted early and started pursuing gospel, the gospel industry early at 16 years old. So I've been in it for quite some time now. It's about 30 plus years I've been doing it. And I. Love it. I love it. So you did it Before. It was cool Doing it. Well. Oh, come on Jess. She she doing It. Doing it well. You know I still got two favorite songs. Amen. 'cause look, I was a lieutenant dancer back in my day. And I. Actually, I, I danced to that song at different churches.


Amen. And then never let you Go. That is the prophesying song, sir. Oh my god. You know that Jess. Oh, she loves you. Listen, she she hold, she sanctified. She churchy. Yeah. So yeah, your new album One Night in California. I didn't think of anything sexual when I heard it. Thank you. But you got a A Different, you got like different like feels in it. Like hip hop or reggae. Yeah. You know like r and b, like was that intentional? Because it is kind of like a gospel mix tape. Absolutely. And that's the way I approached it. I started just by approaching it that way. I just wanted to just, it was a song called I Want My Respect. I was just on YouTube like we all do and see what people got to say about you.


And I just seen the slew of people just running me down. 'cause You know I had my birthday, 50th birthday celebration. I was dancing and whatever and people, they judge you like crazy. So I went in the studio. It's very therapeutic for me when I make music. So I just went in there and said I want my respect. And that was my hook on the song. And so from that song, it birthed all these other songs. So it's kind of a mix tape. It's amazing that you really check that out. So yeah man, it was really, this album is really a heat check and kinda like a mix tape. 'cause I'm saying things that I normally wouldn't say on one of my albums. One of most of my albums You know I'm singing up in the clouds. God give God, I give you glory. Oh you amazing. Oh we worship you on this one.


I'm talking from my heart. I'm sharing what I feel. And that's the thing about a lot of gospel artists, we don't, a lot of people don't know how to connect to us because we don't really share what's on our hearts. You know, think about hip hop. That's real. All the rappers, they share what's on their heart. That's what I love about this beef. You hearing what Kendrick got to say to Drake? So You know, You know what's on his mind. You don't know what's on these gospel artists' mind. Well we don't, we don't want to hear that. We want you to sing about Jesus. Okay. He's a way you can sing about Jesus and share your heart because you have to live the journey while you singing about Jesus. That's right. You gotta live this thing out. It's, It's been a gospel beef though, right? There's never been a two gospel artist going back and forth. Now lemme take my shade. That sounds crazy. It's been beefs, but we ain't put it on no song.


Social media. How Gospel. I don't gospel artist beef though. Like saying they human. Why you not human? Man? Listen, They not aliens envy. I know, but I mean, I don't know. Okay, Listen, we don't put it, we not crazy enough to put it in the song, but it's a whole lot of stuff that goes on in our industry and we're sworn to secrecy because we gotta live, we gotta You know it's a cold. We we're spreading the gospel. See, that's the thing about the gospel. Singing the gospel community, you can easily mask what you're doing by saying Jesus Jesus and not have integrity and character behind closed doors. Correct. So it makes it easy for you to do a lot, a whole lot of dirt. So you, it's more dirt in that community than it is in, in the secular community. And, I don't want people to, don't come down on me about that.


I'm just telling you the truth. I've lived it. I've been, I I'm an authority in this. I've been here for 30 years, so I can, I can tell the truth. I wonder if it's more, or if it's just amplified because it is the gospel community. And people think these things shouldn't happen in the gospel community. Right. I think it's, it's, it's amplified and it's, it is happening You know, because most people are in the gospel music. We're trying. That's, that's what it's about. You, you're, you're trying to fulfill a divine assignment while you're being human. And when that human sack comes in, it kicks in. Whether you are a preacher, whether you're a gospel singer, it kicks in and you just have to, again, back to my song one Night in California, you have to realign yourself. You gotta repent. You gotta get back on track. You gotta take responsibility for your what, your piece of the problem and keep going.


And that's the beauty of the gospel. So, well, even with That being said, do you feel like you have to fully give your life to the Lord to make gospel music? I believe that singing the gospel or preaching the gospel is a divine calling. It's a divine assignment. It is more than just a career choice. It's what you are called to do. And so you, and yes, there are sacrifices and requirements to represent God fully, where people can look in your eyes and see the truth and hear what you're saying, and know that you're speaking truth. And so, and if you're fake about it, it's gonna come off fake If. you are real about it. What's real reaches real people. Yeah. And, I think that's, that's what's missing, missing from a lot of gospel music, as you just said, the testimonies.


I feel like You know when you go through things in life, If, you have a platform, you're supposed to share those things, whether it's comedy or whether it's radio, whether it's music, whatever it is, or whether it's just giving a speech. You should, you should share those testimonies, Man. A lot of, a lot of artists are really prophets and people that are signed to the earth to put great, to God's message, to The World. Even though that's not saying I'm a prophet, I go to church every day and all that. There are people that are called by God to do what they're doing, to send love in the atmosphere, to send strength in the atmosphere, to make people laugh. That's a gift from God. Every good and perfect gifts comes from the Lord.


Mm. It's men, the wicked hearts of men that perverts it. Mm. All we got more with Dietrich Haddon when we come back. Gospel singer. His album one Night in California's out right now. It's The Breakfast Club. Good morning. Morning everybody. It's DJ Envy. Just hilarious. Charlamagne the guy. We are The Breakfast Club. We're still kicking into a gospel singer. Dear Trick Hadden. I was gonna ask, so you, you also write for artists that are not gospel artists. Absolutely. So how Do you do when, when you're writing Those records for people? Man, I can write a love song better than probably anybody that wrote it. And I. 'cause when, when you talk about God is love, God is love. I wrote a song. I wrote three songs. Shout out to Zaytoven and Usher Usher's, my brother, my brothers. And they let me write on that. Usher a album. I think I did. Say what you wanted.


Three songs on there.


What does a therapist do when her family is the one who needs help? Seek therapy. Of course. Don't miss the new season of the Hulu Comedy on Prison. Starring Carrie Washington and Delroy Lindo with a father outta prison. A son with growing anxiety and a therapy practice in serious trouble. Carrie Washington's page is determined to pull her family back together. Nothing is uncomplicated, un unprisoned, especially family. Will they be free from the generational issues and old wounds holding them back. John Stamos, guest stars as an unorthodox, radical healing coach who goes toe to toe with Paige. As Family Secrets come out. Can Paige and her crew move forward? Get ready for a new season of raw comedy and heartfelt connection on On Prism. New season premiers July 17th, streaming only on Hulu.


Greetings, ghouls and Girls and Welcome to Haunting Purgatory. Premier podcast for all things after life. I'm your host, Theresa. We'll be bringing you different ghost stories each week straight from the person who experienced it firsthand. Some will be unsettling. When She was with her imaginary friend, she would turn and look at you and you felt like something else was looking at you too. Some unnerving. The more I looked at it, I realized that the sum looked more like a claw, like a demon, Some even downright terrifying. The things that I saw, heard, felt in that house were purely demonic, But all of them will be totally true. Listen to Haunting on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you live and get your podcasts.


Hi, this is Hugh here from the Imperfects podcast, where we chat to well-known people whose lives seem perfect from the outside. But through our discussions, they share the vulnerabilities and imperfections that make them who they are. We chat to people like James Clear and Adam Grant. You could have hidden potential to be a better partner, to be a better friend, and prove as a parent, there's so much discussion of how do we build our careers? When are we asking the question of how do we build our character? Listen to the Imperfects on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts.


Welcome, welcome Welcome to another exciting episode of the Trap Nerds podcast. This is not a episode is a promo You. know what it is. Promo time. We in this piece, Trap nerds. Trap nerds real like you never hurt. Join the Trap Nerds podcast every Monday and listen to us discuss all things inside and out of blurred culture. Culture. The World put Tarantino squashes his beef with Marvel and be like, I, oh God. Just see, I Mean, to push shots of road. We'll see, I'll be down You know, gonna be extra racing with the best movie and TV reviews from a blurb perspective. I, I think if EO hadn't got fired, Kevin Fi will be in trouble right now. Freak We giving you reliable gaming news and real genuine game reviews. I'll stand for Lightning. Why up does she have three games? Because she a bad dude, I hate you so much. Right? Listen To the Trap Nurse podcast or the Black in Effect podcast network, iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts.


Yo, it's Big Bank. Check out my podcast perspective with Bank on the Black Effect podcast Network. Each and every Monday perspective with Bank podcast will feature individuals from different backgrounds. All walks of life will come together to share their unique perspective and engaging enlightened conversation for what you think the biggest disconnect between men and women is. I think the biggest disconnect is, is now there is a role reversal. I feel like almost scientifically, if, if there's not a, in my opinion, my perspective, a natural order of the man being the head and the one following the relationship will almost always fail. I like my work as a music artist and executive. I unlock diverse thought provoking viewpoints and experiences on a wide range perspective that you never knew you needed. But don't women know off the rip before they hit 'em with the okay that this ain't even me once my feeling change. We before our feelings supposed to change at the same time. Yeah, at the same time. But You know what I'm saying? But you got, they just want a woman period. Every money. Listen to Perspective Bank on Black Effect podcast network, iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts.


And if they couldn't believe I was in there, all the young cats, these trick is in here writing this is that I was like, man, hey, this is our gift. We flowing in our gift. This is how we make money You. know what I'm saying? Then you ask me, how do I live? What do I do when I go home? I'm not trying to go out and do nothing crazy. I got my wife, I got my purpose. I'm trying to build legacy. And then when it's time to write the opportunity again, I'm going to write. You want me to come sing at the where, where, I mean, can I inspire people in that space? I'm coming When you write for others or you try to use them as a vehicle to get your message out, or do you get into their world and and write from their perspective? Because I And, I, And, I. Wonder how people would feel about that. Do they say, oh, you're writing secular music. No, I can't be concerned about how people feel about how I use my gift or how God wants me to use my gift.


I like to get into the heart and mind of the artist and see where they are and, and try to help relay their message. And so that's it. Just you try to express what they're trying to express. You know, I can't come in there talking about you need to say, Jesus, you need to make a gospel song. No, no. If that's what you wanna do, I help you do that If you wanna talk about love. I I there's some songs that they may want to do then that's not really my thing. So I give it over to my partner that's Dick and write and that's what he'd kill it. Da da da da da And I come in and bring the melody. You know. And so that's my strength. Melodies and love songs You know. So I stay in my lane so I can be successful. And you are a pk, right? Oh Yeah. Were you, were you a straight and narrow pk or did you have your, your wild ways? I'd be lying if I say they was straight and narrow.


The PK kids be The wildest, they say the pks are the worst kids, man. But we, the ones have to deal with the most pressure. You gotta be saved and holy before you really holy Yeah, yeah, yeah. You know what I'm saying? You gotta be the perfect example of truth. Be You know among the, your peers before you really know what that mean. Yeah. You know what I'm saying? So it's, it's it's rough. Shout out to all the pks. I'm representing all y'all. We yeah, we standing up. Did your, did your father, your father's Bishop Clarence be having seen you, right? Yes sir. Did he, did he give you grace when you did fall short or did he demand you rise to that level of being No, I come, yeah, I come from the old school church doc If, you saying you going to the front row and they going, dang.


They going, they going to let you see so you won't do it again. Yeah. They had a good heart, good intentions, but that wasn't a way to do it. And then that's why I don't do that at my church in California. People fall short. They repent of their sins. You know, whoever they offended or or You know they got a answer to them or repent to them. And then you keep going. 'cause we all fall short and, and come short of the glory of God. Nobody's perfect. The Bible says in scripture, this is deep scripture, he said, if a man says he has no sin, he is a liar. And the truth is not in him because there's sin in all of us. That's right. Because the Bible says in this flesh, work it no good thing. And that's where the Holy Spirit comes into play. It's very important to have the Holy Spirits gonna help you navigate through all this stuff that the flesh wants to do.


Oh, you had once said that you was called to preach at the age of 10. Yeah. That is young. Like how, how was that experience? Like how, what do you mean? Like you were called like, describe that experience. If. you can, I I literally heard the voice of God speak to me and tell me, Dietrich, you going to sing and preach the gospel? You sure that wasn't Bishop Clarence be had? It Could have been his voice. Voice could have been. But watch this. I was by myself in my room. Guess what? I went straight to my mother's room and told her just what I just heard. Wow. She put me right up that next Sunday. You said you called to preach. You got me a robe in the Bible and put me up. You remember the first sermon? Listen, I lost everything. My train of thought and everything in front of a whole crowd of people. That's Right. He was probably like, dang. I read my scripture, sang my song.


Then I just lost my 'cause I looked at my friends talking about You know I was 10 years old. That's too much pressure. You know. But from that point on, I'm never at a loss for words. You know, because I said, I ain't gonna never let them laugh at me again. I learned every bible verse, every scripture so I could never be laughed at again. Wow. Mm. I saw in the song my respect. You say my, I bought a new sound in gospel music. I paved the way I did it way back in the day. 20 years later, you still hear and you say, you gotta give credit with credit is due. Do you feel like you still don't get the credit for paving the way of a new sound in gospel music? I think there are opportunities for people to acknowledge my part in it that they, where they deliberately keep it outta there. 'cause people, it's such a small genre, so people are holding onto their piece of the pie You know what I'm saying?


They think by ignoring you or or trying to omit your part will help them maintain what they have. And. I don't think that's good at all for gospel music. I think it's important for all of us to respect all of our contributions to gospel music. I'm just saying, Hey look, I earned my stripes. I've been 30 years plus in this business. I got got my battle scars for I've paid my dues in the gospel industry. You know. And a lot of times people tend to look at the, the few people, when you think about gospel music, you think of, what's the first few names that come to your mind? Kirk Franklin, boom. Franklin, who else? Regina Bell. I don't. Regina Bell. Regina Bell. I'm thinking about my God. God, God, my God. Okay, Gotcha. Gotcha. Good. The song, no, no, no, no disrespect to Regina Bell. But Honestly, Kirk Franklin, Mary, Mary, Boom.


So you get, you can name off the few, That's probably where it stops you. But, but there's, I want to tell everybody, there's a whole slew of incredible gospel artists. And I wanna motivate y'all to look into them. To them. Well, Jess Is into gospel music. So Yeah, She knew my songs. I just know. So I can tell she's into the industry. She knows the music. Who are yours, Jess? Well, my first, like my top five. Yeah. So we have Yolanda Adams. I do, I do like Hezekiah Walker. Like Fred the greatest. Fred Hammond. I grew up on Dietrich Hatton and Ty Tri. Those were my two favorite. Of course. Then you go to women. The Cece wine is BB You know all of them. But when you wanna really feel like when you're going through something, you can play a song, you can cry through the song.


Right. That's different. That's your Fred Hammonds. That's your diet tricks. You know, like that's what I like. She's The perfect balance of righteous and ratchet. It's just crazy. She's the perfect balance, the sexy, red and glow of like, she is the perfect balance. She love music. I I love it too, man. I listened to it all. I listened to it all. It's incredible. Now, there was A pastor that, that told a woman to hush during, during worship. Oh, you Mean a pastor Keon Henderson. Man. What you mean a pastor? He, it was a pastor man. Some respect. Pastor Keon Henderson. You want respect and you was, you was kind of upset about that. I Wasn't upset. I just had a perspective. What was your perspective? I got the, I got the utmost respect for Pastor Keon Henderson. I don't want him to feel like Dietrich is out for him. You know, but I just don't agree with how he handled that matter.


You know, I think that you have to keep in mind, that's one of your sheep. You're the shepherd and you are responsible to cover her. And if she's crying, it means she's hurting. And also could mean that you're, you've said something that impacted her. And if people can't holler in church, what can they holler? Sometimes that's all, that's the only thing they could do is to get to church and just let it out. You know. You'd be surprised what people are going through through the week. So me personally, this Dietrich, I If you come to my church, you can holler from the point that you get walk through the door to the end. Because I understand people need God. They need help and they need a place where they can release. And I've been in church all my life. You talked about my dad, Bishop. Me personally, I've never seen any pastor hush a woman up like that.


It's a new day. So it's a new, yeah. So, but I'm old school when it comes to that. I'm a, I'm a young man, but I got a old school principals when it comes to church, like the church belonged to God's people. That's where people supposed to praise. That's where they're supposed to cry. When the Holy Spirit moves on them, you hold back. It's not about you. It's about God moving for the people. Now let's play. Let's play. I don't wanna say devil's advocate. Get me in trouble. Feel no Keyon. You, you my boy God. No. Don't Throw And I you not enemies, guys. Because Pastor Keon said that this wasn't an isolated incident. And I don't know. I'm not saying that this is what happened. Boy If you in church. I'm just using the scenario. You in church and there's a person that comes to church all the time. Yeah. And they always, they go live while they in there and they cut up. Yeah. I mean, they cut up.


I mean, they act like they got the Holy Break dancing on the floor. I mean, they just going crazy. Right. Every service and they kind of being disruptive. Would you be like, all right, sister. Alright Brother. No, I will never hush them. Okay. Because I understand they may have a husband, son, daughter, family, and they coming after you after church. Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah. Services. If. you h my mother up. I dare You. Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah. I don't care how much I sing the gospel, I'm coming after you. So you gotta use wisdom right there, You. know what I'm saying? But you never do that. Did You know have Keon have a conversation privately? No, man. I, I was, I was in contact him with him sometime in the past, but I, I don't, I don't force relationships. Gotcha. At all. All right. We got more with Diet Trick Hadden when we come back. Don't move.


It's The. Breakfast Club. Good morning. Morning everybody. It's Djj Envy Jess. Hilarious. Charlamagne the guy. We are The Breakfast Club. We're still kicking it with Diet Trick Hadden. His album One Night in California is outright now Charlamagne. No, no. We had Charlie Wilson on the show a few months ago. Hey, Charlie Wilson to the Good Brother Charlie Wilson. The legend. The icon. And he was kind of critical of r and b artists who make gospel music. Oh, You know, You know just to get radio play or use the format to get a hit song. If I remember correctly. He said that, that that's what people do when nothing's working for them. Oh, father You know that. That's what he said in the other genres of music. It's the truth, man. I wish I could say differently. And I'm a fan of a lot of artists, man, a fan of You know I love artists, whether it be actors, whether it be Will Smith doing his gospel song.


I'm a big fan of his, whether it be Kanye, I'm a big fan of his previous work as a producer. I respect him highly. But it, that seems like that's the trend now where people, when they're kind of fallen off, they, they look to God and they look to the church and they go, 'cause they can easily get a number one among church folk. 'cause church folk, we just so glad you done came in here and let's just get Will Smith in Kanye. And we give 'em, number one, they override anybody else who's been in the gospel industry. We give you all the number ones. Mm. I got a problem with that piece. Just that little piece right there. But I don't have a problem with them making their gospel songs. But those of us that are in it, we live it. We live, eat, breathe this.


It's like hip hop. They're people that live, eat, breathe, hip hop. We live, eat, breathe this gospel. And so when you come in, we expect you, when you do that, we like, okay, you coming in brother, you coming in, you gonna help us build this thing? We go to the next level. Then you go, you get your number one, you back with people loving you again. And where you at? What, what we thought you was now you doing what you doing? You got your wife walking around naked butt naked. We thought you was the Mr. Sunday service. What happened? Number one album, number one guy, you got your number one and you gone. But could it be like that? That's how he felt in that moment. Like when he created, like for instance, we, we, we can go even further back with Jesus walks, right? When he did Jesus walks that because of the gospel record, right?


Yeah. To me it was when he Did that, that was when, when he put that out, people were like, what the hell are you doing? Right? And and it was on the gospel charts and hip hop charts. So it opened up a world of people. I Oh Jesus walks made the gospel choice. Huh? I think it did. I Think it did. They did. They were playing it like crazy too. It was everywhere. And even when he did his Sunday service, a lot of people came out there for worship that usually or maybe wouldn't go to church as often. What message are you sending now? 'cause you ain't doing Sunday service no more. Mm. You ain't singing no gospel music no more. Now you cussing and acting like you ain't never kn never knew Jesus. But Then we could talk about pastors and preachers that, that, that have been preaching and now what they doing now, they're, they're fake prophesizing. They're cheating. They're doing something like that. So it's kind of the same. I Don't same. Everybody gonna have a give give an account for what they doing.


Correct. Because at the end of the day, because Judgment Day is coming Right. For all of us. Absolutely. I'm not here to judge nobody. I'm just telling you what I don't like to see because I live this gospel. Because We seen Snoop do it. Snoop did a gospel Album and I'm a big Snoop fan. Snoop did a gospel album. Yes. Yes. He got a Grammy For it. What I, oh, this is what I like about Snoop do. Snoop went and got the artist in the genre and put it on the album. It wasn't just about Snoop. He brought Rance Allen, who was like the greatest male vocalist of all time, who never really got his respect. He gave, he got a number one song with Rance Allen. So we look at that as gospel artists. We like, man Snoop is really about that. He's in it. He loves gospel music. He may not have the conviction, he may have some weaknesses and things like that.


But we know he loves gospel music. Mm. Because we seen who he pulled together. You got the artist. Not just the big names that everybody always go to. You went and got the artist. So you love the genre, you love the, the community. But other ones, I don't see what's going on. I don't see you. You still doing, you trying to, I don't know. Didn't Notice. I'm not here to judge. But You know it sounds like a little bit You know how when a country artist be like, don't do no country records. Like you, you stay in your RB. But like, no, if I wanna try country, 'cause country's in my heart and this is how I'm feeling right now, you should be able to express yourself in that way. I, I feel like this is bigger than a genre of music for y'all though. I think in a way it's like, like I guess it's in a way stop. Like stop playing with God. Yeah. Boom. That's what I say. You said something about country music. That's what I love about country music.


I think Beyonce deserves to do any country song. She's from Texas. She lived that life. You see what I'm saying? So she can do that. But I like the fact that they have some guardrails up where you gotta come through somebody to just, you ain't gonna just make a country song. You gotta, they make you work for it. Oh, They gonna box you out. Right. Gospel music, you just, anybody can wake up tomorrow and say, I wanna sing gospel 'cause I'm falling off And, I wanna do, I wanna get that number one. I know the community going to support me. Then they get that number one, then they're gone. Where are the guardrails? Where, where are the people to say, no man, you what, what you doing? You gotta live this thing bro. You can do your gospel song, but don't play with us. Don't play with God. Right. Where the people at, where the leaders at. You see what I'm saying? They're gatekeepers. I mean, leaders in hip hop, you can't just go up and just If.


you ain't really about that life, man. They don't take, that's what Kendrick said. No, you, Drake, you are you really about this You know what I'm saying? It's like, man, it's guardrails, bro. That's real. You, you, you done came in and you did what you did. But that's enough. Yeah. If, you go If you gonna be about it. You gotta really be about it. That's what he's saying. But Somebody could say that about preaches and pastors and people in the church too. Right? You, we talk about If, you gonna be about it. You be about it. But then we'll hear preachers and pastors and, and deacons that people look up to because of, they in the church, they read the Bible, they take the classes. They have more, you think tied into quote unquote regular people. But then when you see them doing some vish, it's the same feeling. The same feeling. Man. You know. You gotta you gotta hold people accountable. I'm not here to cover nobody If you doing wrong.


You somebody gotta hold you accountable back to the music. It's like, yeah man, we want people to really, because it's people that's really sacrificing man to stay in this. I, I turned down at least five secular record deals in, in on my journey because it's a calling You. know what I'm saying? I signed a deal with Arista. It was done when I was a kid. I walked away from it because this is a calling. And now to see you just come in and just do what you wanna do it, then walk away and just don't it, it don't sit right in, in my heart. Right. Or anybody else's heart who been living this thing, sacrifice. We could make money just like anybody else. I'm not singing gospel. 'cause I could make it anywhere else. I'm doing it because this is what, this is me since I was a kid. This is my assignment on Earth. You gotta understand that when you decide to, and I'm not telling anybody not to do this gospel, but really consider this is a real thing where we make sacrifices when we want to go out and have sex with when can't we want to go out and do this and that we can't.


It's a sacrifice. At least we have that heart to say, man, I can't, I can't do that because I'm singing this gospel. You see what I'm saying? It's a sacrifice. It's a lifestyle. Even when you fall short, at least I'm over here trying. Do you feel pressure to maintain a image because you are a man of the church. That's why I why they got a little upset with you. 'cause they saw your wife twerking and Oh man, my wife done twerk. I wanted to twerk dunk. I wanted to enjoy herself. I love every, every single bit of it. I'm a real, I'm a man's man. That's the Holy Spirit. Why we think the Holy Spirit can't show up in a Twerk. Oh yeah. Because that's your wife. That's my wife. That's right. That's my significant other. The Bible says the marriage bed is under fo what we got going on between us. Ain't none of your business. That's right. And if I let you in on my life, give you a little clip of something, just enjoy.


I'm letting you in on my life. I didn't have to do that. Yeah. I'm trying to show people how to live this kinda life without losing your, your integrity. Just enjoy yourself, You know what I'm saying? Jesus said, I come that you might have life and have it more abundantly. Christian's got it wrong. He came so you can enjoy this life without going down the hole of sin. And that's what he showed us. That's what he showed us. Jesus went to the wedding, turned the water into wine. But guess what he did when he got done doing that? He went to healing, to fulfilling his assignment. He went to the cross. So he's showing you balance. And so I, I don't, I don't know what to say to people that got a problem with my freedom. I know my freedom offends people, but I can't help that I'm living my life. Well Dietrich, we appreciate you for joining us today.


One 90 California's out right now. That's right. And it's The The Breakfast Club. Oh man. The brother got to end us with a pram. What is you doing? Come on. Envy. Father, we thank you for The Breakfast Club and what they mean to the culture. God continue to elevate them, continue to bless them. Give them the wisdom, the strength, and the fortitude to continue to do what you call them to do. Continue to give them the heart to open up doors for people that are called to speak for you on your behalf. I give you praise for them. Bless their families. Bless everything they put their hearts to do. Just touch 'em God and just continue to do what you're doing for them. In Jesus name I pray. Amen. Amen. Amen. Thank you. It's The Breakfast. Club. Good morning. Morning everybody. It's De j Envy.


Just hilarious. Charlamagne the guy we are The Breakfast. Club. Jess is out today. Well, she's sick. I mean You know. She's got what, two weeks? She's pregnant. Yeah. Two weeks until she have that little baby. That's right. You know. So she woke up this morning with some extreme morning sickness. So we get it. Yeah. So she's out today. So we holding down. She shouldn't have been here yesterday. She definitely seen here yesterday. She go stay your ass at home. I agree. Well, let's get to Jess with the mess. Let's get to the mess. Real Jessica Robin Moore just don't do no lying. She don't spell nobody worldwide. Jess worldwide mess on The Breakfast Club. She's a culture cultureship. She Was able to get y'all to see something and understand something that nobody could get you to see.


It's time to set it off. Well, if you've been following the young thug in the YSL, case You know it's been on halt from since July 1st. Now this is because young thug's, thug's attorney Brian Steele confronted the judge last month after learning about a private meeting and now the judge has been removed from the case. And tonight at six we now know the name of the judge who's gonna take over the proceedings in the YSL Rico trial against rapper, young Thug and the other alleged gang members. And This comes after the previous judge was removed. According to the Fulton County Clerk's office, judge Shakira Ingram will take over the case. She has served on the Superior Court of Fulton County since 2018.


Now today a Fulton County Superior Court judge removed Judge y Glenville from the case following complaints about a private meeting held last month. Judge Glenville prosecutors and the witness were in attendance, but defense attorneys were not, which led to calls for the judge to recuse himself. The judge who ruled on his removal said today that she believes Glenville likely would have continued to preside fairly over the case. But this has to be done to preserve the public's confidence in the judicial system. I'm clearly not no legal scholar, but it sounds to me like they don't got no damn case. And it's looked like they haven't had no damn case since this trial started. And shouldn't they give Jeffrey at least a bond?


Yeah. Let him come home, be able to make a little living and fight his case from the comfort of his own crib. I, I think so. It, it doesn't seem, it doesn't seem very fair if, if we could say that. I mean this, this case has been on hold for a while and like you said, he's been sitting there, he's not able to make any money and it seems like every time they have a witness or every time they bring something forward to the, to the judge or to the, to the stand, it just doesn't seem like it sticks. This trial is jokey. Alright, jokey. Okay. Jokey this trial jokey now sl to the 8 4 3. This trial. Very jokey. Okay. That's the best way to describe this trial jokey. Alright, well now we gotta jump into Cam Mace and Shak Stevenson. Now Jess of course, reported about Cameron and Mace making fun of Shak Stevenson saying that the fight was boring.


Well, Jay Prince, we all know who Jay Prince, the OG from Houston. He manages Shak Stevens and posted the actual numbers. Said,


what Does a therapist do when her family is the one who needs help seek therapy. Of course, don't miss the new season of the Hulu comedy on prison. Starring Carrie Washington and Delroy Lindo with a father outta prison. A son with growing anxiety and a therapy practice in serious trouble. Carrie Washington's page is determined to pull her family back together. Nothing is uncomplicated un unprisoned, especially family. Will they be free from the generational issues and old wounds holding them back. John Stamos, guest stars as an unorthodox, radical healing coach who goes toe to toe with Paige As Family Secrets come out. Can Paige and her crew move forward? Get ready for a new season of raw comedy and heartfelt connection on Unpr new season premiers July 17th, streaming only on Hulu.


Greetings, ghouls and Girls and Welcome to Haunting Purgatory. Premier podcast for all things after life. I'm your host, Theresa. We'll be bringing you different ghost stories each week straight from the person who experienced it firsthand. Some will be unsettling When she was with her imaginary friend, she would turn and look at you and you felt like something else was looking at you too. Some unnerving. The more I looked at it, I realized that the thumb looked more like a claw, like a demon. Some even downright terrifying. The Things that I saw, heard, felt in that house were purely demonic, But all of them will be totally true. Listen to Haunting on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you live and get your podcast.


Hi, my name's Josh. I'm from the podcast, the Imperfects, where we interview our well-known people who look like they have perfect lives. But like most of us, in fact, all of us, they're often far from it. We interview people like James Clear and Adam Grant. What do you do with the feeling of being an imposter? It's really tempting to trust your own judgment over other people's. You're forgetting is that other people see you more objectively. And, I. Think what that means is if multiple people believe in you, it's probably time to believe them. Listen to the Imperfects on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts or wherever you get your podcasts.


Welcome, welcome Welcome to another exciting episode of the Trap Nerds podcast. This is not an episode is a promo You. know what it is. Promo time. We in this piece, trap nerds. Trap nerds real like you never Join the Trap Nerds podcast every Monday and listen to us discuss all things inside and out of blurred culture. Culture. What point Tarantino squashes his beef with Marvel and be like, I Oh God. Just see, I mean to push shots of road. We'll see, I'll be down You know, gonna be extra racing with the best movie and TV reviews from a blurred perspective. I, I think if EO hadn't got fired, Kevin probably will be in trouble right now. Preach we giving you reliable gaming news and real genuine game reviews. I'll stand for lightning. Why does she have three games? 'cause she a bad I hate you so much. Right? Listen to the Trap Nurse podcast or the Black Effect Podcast network, iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts or wherever you get your podcasts.


Yo, it's Big Bank. Check out my podcast perspective with Bank on the Black Effect podcast Network. Each and every Monday perspective with Bank podcast will feature individuals from different backgrounds. All walks of life will come together to share their unique perspective and engaging enlightened conversation for what you think the biggest disconnect between men and women is. I think the biggest disconnect is, is now there is a role reversal. I feel like almost scientifically, if, if there's not a, in my opinion, my perspective, a natural order of the man being the head and the one following the relationship will almost always fail. I like my work as a music artist and executive. I unlock diverse thought provoking viewpoints and experiences on a wide range perspective that you never knew you needed. But don't women know off the rip before they hit 'em with the okay that this ain't even me once my feeling change. We for our feelings go change at the same time. Yeah, at the same time. But You know what I'm saying, boys, you got, they just want a woman period. Everybody listen to Perspective Bank on Black Effect Podcast Network, iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts.


Next, the network has 1.18 million people. But it said it peaked at 1.2 million people. That's the amount of people that were actually watching the fight. And then he respondent says, let the haters say that he's boring and nobody wants to watch. I'm sorry to tell you, it's just a select few of you haters. As you can see, there's proof that he has the number one ratings in any fight on ESPN this year. And the top three ratings since 2022. And to all you haters who want to escalate that hate outside of the ring, I'm Shakur's Manager. And I can handle all this business outside of the ring. In other words, Cam and Mace, I will fade all his shots and take all bets. Well, You know Cam and Mace, they have their own show.


It is what it is. And they responded yesterday. So then we talking to you then. All right. I I want to just start off by saying, you are so lacking self-awareness. When you give such a lackluster performance and then you think you can make threats to people because you gave a lackluster performance pause. You don't have the right to tell me what I should like or to tell Cam what he should like. That's, that's not your place. And I'm gonna tell you another thing. When you dealing with older people, they're the last to know that things have changed. We not your little s like the way you talk it. I don't, I don't get what you mean.


We not your little s like we don't even respect big homies. I know killer doesn't. And for me, I never respected s in the streets. That's why I always got the problems I got. If you're 60 years old Mm. And you trying to be a street, you failed. Hey yo, my man. Listen James, let me explain something to you bro. May said it exactly like you 60. You 60. What did you talking about? I lost mad respect for you. 'cause I used to have mad respect you. When you half are call with you, when you lying young boy NBA up, why the fuck you got Sha call with you? And this is why he acting like that. Talking about you got young boy NBA umbrellas in his keys.


This car, young boy NBA told y'all this is what he say. This is what young boy NBA say Drake is beefing with Kendrick Lamar, we speak, I have not heard this the first time Drake got into some shit. And, I hear you say shit to Kendrick and morning. Why do you think that you could tell us what we can and cannot say mon control your control that aint nobody gonna tell a hit the strap. And then we gonna sit there and be like, Hey, hey, Honestly this is great for Sha Shaka Stevenson because it is what it is. Cam and Mace, they gave this Shakur Stevenson fight more promotion than ESPN did. Like, like all of this is just marketing. This is the best promotion. The Secure Stevenson fight. The Sha Stevenson brand could have gotten, 'cause nobody outside of the boxing world, nobody outside of You know, like, like true boxing fans would still be talking about this fight anymore if Mason Cam and Shakur didn't have these issues.


So I mean, this makes it casuals care and it's actually making people Google who Shakur is. So You know it's building its profile to where if a tank fight does happen, people will really pay attention to it. Yeah. But this is, this is my, my main problem with, with all of this, right? And You know, we know Jay Prince, we know Cam Mason, of course Sha Stevenson, but they do a show and during their show they talk about things that they want to discuss, whether they like a fight or they don't like a fight. But my problem is this, you have every analyst talking about the fight and any, any analyst could say whatever, especially white analysts, they can say they don't like it. They can say they thought the fight was boring. But how come nobody goes at those white analysts like that? Because they never voted to the streets.


Cam Mason said they didn't like the fight. They thought the fight was boring. Yeah. Nobody ever said they wanted to to, to fight or come with the guns. That's all they said. And then it it escalated past that. Yeah, but the white analysts ain't talking like Cam Mace talk. Cameron Mac funny. Cam Mace got people laughing at you You. know what I mean? They doing, they doing sketches while they watching your fight acting like they falling asleep. What are you talking about? Shut up white analysts all the time. See, a fight is boring and nobody wants to watch the fight. Ain't if the person can't fight it ain't the same. It's the same thing. No it's not. Yes it is. No it's not. It's regular critique. And then there's funny analysis that makes people laugh at you. Nobody likes to get laughed at When you go online and you see a bunch of people laughing at you now you pissed off. Stop backing. Like you don't know what that is. Cut it out. You know what that is.


Analyst is analyst. Cam and Mac are making people laugh at Shakur. And she, that's what pissed Shakur off. That's just reality of the s analysts do that all day long and say the fight was boring. I wouldn't pay for another fight. The fight was trash. The fight analysts are nothing like Cam and Mace. They not as funny as Cam Mace. Like I said, they facts doing skits and sketches like Cam. But they, they don't speak to culture. They don't speak to the culture like Cam may, but it's still critiquing and ain't nobody paying attention to their critique. When somebody like Shak Stevenson sees the culture in his comments laughing at him because it's something Camon may said it, it's just different and You know that, but yeah, but you can't say I'm, I wanna go fight him. Let's, let's meet me in the ring. You're fighter, you can say whatever you want. Listen, Cam Mason gonna say meet me in a, in a booth. Listen, you can say whatever you want. Just like Cameron may say whatever they want.


Yeah, you can say whatever you want. Anybody, anybody can say whatever they want in a back and forth. It's just reality of the situation. Yeah, but we don't want to go past that though. We don't want it to go past the back and forth. It's, it's not. And it's great promotion for Shak Stevenson. Alright, well that is the mess now. Charlamagne, who you giving y'all Donato, man. Four after the hour, man, let's argue, let's start a argument this morning on the radio. Why not? Okay. What you mean? Well, we're gonna talk about California being the first US state to ban school districts from requiring staff to notify parents of their child's gender identification. All right. You see how you see, right? Let's start argument. Okay, let's, let's, let's jump right into it. Okay. Let all, well, let's get into it next.


So I need lawmakers in California to come to the front of congregation. We'd like to have a word with them. All right, we'll get to that. Next is The. Breakfast. Club. Good morning. The. Breakfast Club. Your mornings will never be The same. You trying to be a ass charlamagne Some doggy days just so Themselves have been watching Charla. Man, what's ready for that Donkey? Donkey? I never heard old donkey other day. What is it? Donkey. Say it again. Charlamagne. I'm a donkey. Yes, you are a donkey. Everything and Charlamagne is saying is true. Yes. Donkey. Today for Tuesday, July 16th goes the lawmakers in California. Today's the 16th, right? Yes. Yes. Tuesday, July 16th goes The lawmakers in California who yesterday made California the first US state banned school districts from requiring staff to notify parents of their child's gender identification change under a law Signed Monday by Gavin Newsom.


You heard me right? California is the first date to ban school rules requiring parents get notified of their child's pronoun change. Let's go to WLBY three news for the report, please. It's a first In the nation law, the Governor bans policies that require teachers to tell parents if their child asks to change their gender identification. Well, I think with gov, the governor signing AB 1955, it's actually going to just cause more confusion. Rockland Unified is one of at least six other districts in the state that tried passing similar policies. Many met with legal challenges and while it's being praised as a way to protect L-G-B-T-Q students from so-called forced outings.


If parents aren't supportive of their children, then the children shouldn't have to tell the Parents. Some say it could interfere with parent transparency. Yeah. The the biggest sticking point in, in why I'm opposed to AB 1955 is that it's going to have others on the other side try to force school districts to keep secrets from parents. And I. Think that's a non-starter for me. I agree. That was actually A-W-L-B-T three news for the report. And this is where politicians lose me every damn time. I wouldn't care if my child identified as a teenage mutant ninja turtle. Okay? They could come in that classroom and say they Leonardo Donatello, Raphael and Michelangelo teacher, you better tell me so I know what the hell's going on.


Got me confused as hell when my kid comes home craving pizza all the damn time walking around with weapons like nunchucks and twin katanas or bow twin size. They doing cakes, wearing bandana masks and I'm trying to figure out what the hell is going on. Then I come to you, okay? After parent, okay. Parent to teacher and ask you If, you noticed any changes and you tell me you're not allowed to disclose that information. See, this is the problem we us okay? As a society, we not a village You know. All right? We not a village when it comes to our kids, we supposed to work as one unit. What I don't see as a parent, you may see as a teacher what you don't know about my child. As a teacher, I may have information as a parent that can help you. We gotta work in concert with each other. Okay. Brandon Richards, a spokesperson for Gavin Newsom says this law helps keep children safe while protecting the critical role of parents.


He said in the statement, it protects the child, parent relationship by preventing politicians and school staff from inappropriately intervening in family matters and attempting to control if, when, and how. Families have deeply personal conversations. Brandon, as your leader, Joe Biden says quite often, that's a bunch of malarkey. Okay? To me, you're doing the opposite. If my child comes out at school, comes out to you, but hasn't come out to me yet, then that means my child may be dealing with a whole lot of backlash, a whole lot of hate, a whole lot of prejudice that their young mind can't navigate through And. I would like to be there to help them do that. What happens if my child You know, God forbid, kills themselves because they're getting bullied because of their gender identity. And I had no idea.


Okay? I had no idea. That's what they even identified as. I didn't know. They identified as something though. How can you as a teacher sleep at night knowing you knew but didn't tell me their parent, our guardian. And how hot would a parent be if they found out you had that information and didn't tell me. Jonathan Zachen an advocate in California who supports what this article calls the parental notification policies opposes the law and said, telling parents about a student's request to change their gender identification is critical to the wellbeing of children and for maintaining that trust between school and parents. I agree. Okay. It's critical to the wellbeing of children because, well, You know.


We know how daddy and mommy issues impact us in the future. And listen, a lot of times kids be thinking their parents are gonna be mad at things their parents not even tripping on. Okay? Yes. If your child comes to you and tells you they identifies another gender, it's gonna take you aback. But that's still your child. And most parents are gonna love their children regardless. The ones that don't. They just terrible people. Okay? I understand that coming out to your parents is hard. Okay? Deciding when to come out is difficult. I get it. People wanna do it on their own terms. But when you do come out, I feel like it should be You. know your parents first. But I don't even want to get caught up in the LGBTQ Disney plus of it all. I just encourage my kids to tell me everything. The secrets we keep as a society have done nothing but hurt us.


Okay? We don't do ourselves any favor by keeping secrets, which is why I tell my kids to tell me everything. We will figure it out. Don't lie to me. Don't keep nothing from me because nobody gonna help you navigate whatever it is you dealing with better than me and your mama. Okay? Your real day ones. Teachers, we have to help each other, okay? As parents, we send our kids off to school every day. Our kids spend a large part of their days at school with teachers. I feel that teachers should be required to tell parents of any changes to their child's emotional, mental, or physical health is only right? Okay? And as a parent, if I know my child has some issues, I should have to tell the teacher to tell the teacher about those issues in order to make their job easier so they can make the proper adjustments. All right? That's just the way The World should work.


This child is your responsibility part-time for a brief moment in time. This child is my responsibility forever until they become an adult and start taking care of me. So therefore, you better tell me everything You know about my child. Tell me everything you learn about my child. Why? Because that's my child. Once again, we don't do ourselves any favors by keeping secrets. And we damn sure don't need California lawmakers making laws to assist my child in keeping them. Please give California lawmakers who made Cali the first US state to ban school districts from requiring staff to notify parents of their child's gender identification change to biggest. He haw. And to me, this ain't even about gender identification. It's just about encouraging children to keep secrets from their parents.


I ain't with that. I I don't think there's any parents that will agree with this. I don't know, man. That's what we open the phone lines for. (800) 585-1051. Thank you for that donkey today. Are there anybody out there that agrees with this? I don't know. We about to find out. Call us up right now. (800) 585-1051. 'cause like you said, it's, it's almost like you're encouraging keeping secrets. And I, wouldn secrets have done nothing but hurt us as a society. Sounds stupid and dumb. Especially in, in, in, well, I can't say especially 'cause I only know about the black community. Why do we say that? Especially in the black community. I'm only black. I'm black. I thought all I know. Okay. I just know secrets have never helped us. Yeah. I'm black too. As a people. I'm, that is so debatable.


I'm black. That is so debatable. I'm black. That's what you say. I'm black. That's what you identify as. Yo, shut up man. That's what you black identify black. That's what you identified. Because that's what I am. That's what you identify. That's what I am. It's okay. That's what I'm, it's okay. That's what I'm, I'm not here. Let's argue with you this morning. Roof. Wow. Roof Wow. Asks me what I identify now too, saying you a black dog. Ask me what I identify now. You That's what you, you a black dog. That's what you're saying? Yeah. Now you a black cat. Ooh. So you just bad luck now. You a black cow. He now you a black dunk. This is crazy. I'm not playing this game. Why you doing this? I, I, I don't even know why I'm messing with you. 805 8 5 1 0 5 1. We're talking about this law that they're trying to pass in California.


Do you agree? Let's discuss. It's The. Breakfast. Club. Good morning The Breakfast Club Phone, man. It's topic time. Call 805 8 5 1 0 5 1 to join into the discussion with The Breakfast Club. Morning everybody. It's DJ Envy. Jess hilarious Charlamagne, the guy We are The Breakfast. Club Jess. Hilarious is out today. And we're asking 805 8 5 1 0 5 1 about keeping secrets from your parents. Now this conversation actually comes from Charlamagne gave somebody donkey today. Today, yes, California law makers. Yesterday they signed in a law that made them the first US state to ban school districts from requiring staff to notify parents of their child's gender identification change.


It was a law signed by Gavin Newsom. I disagree with the law, not You know, because of the L-G-B-T-Q aspect of it all. I just disagree with You know, encouraging our children to keep secrets from their parents. I feel like You know anything that you see happen to my child in your classroom, any changes to their emotional, mental, or physical wellbeing, you should absolutely come and tell me as a parent immediately. Yeah, I, I agree with you. I, I'm that child's parent and you are with that child eight hours a day at times, sometimes longer than that. Now I don't get it twisted. I do believe if there's something wrong, if there's abuse or something like that, then, then those secrets need to be held because it's for the child's wellbeing.


What abuse? Hold on. What you mean? Like, if, if there's some type of abuse going on in the household and the parents and the teacher's trying to figure it out. I, I agree with You know, making sure that the child's wellbeing is fine before, well, if, if there's abuse going on in the household, it's not like a parent would ever go to a teacher and tell a teacher, Hey, I'm abusing my child. No, no. But if, if a, a teacher is like, like if a child is coming home and saying one of their parents is abusing me or a family member is abusing me, no. That teacher should tell if, if the child teacher has to go through the proper protocol first before they tell a parents, make sure that they, they're not involved. I don't even know what that protocol is. But if a te, if a child comes to a teacher and says to the teacher, Hey, my parents are abusing me, I would definitely want that teacher to tell somebody Yes, absolutely. The authorities. I don't somebody whoever, somebody, yeah, a counselor. I would wanna get that child some help.


But when it comes to anything else with, with, with something that's going on with my child, like a gender change or, or whatever it is, something that's going on with my child, physically or mentally, I wanna be first person. I don't care what it's, anything, anything that is impacting my child's wellbeing in any way, shape, or form I should know about period. Like there's no if, ands, or buts about it to me. We have Brittany on the line. Brittany, good morning. Good morning. How are y'all? Hey, we're doing well. Brittany, what's your thoughts? I feel like it's a generational thing right now. As hard as it's to say that I kind of agree with it because I feel like the kids these days are getting the most backlash from their parents. What do you mean? You can't prove, prove that you feel like the parents are, are harsh to their, to their children More than the, the teachers.


More than social media. More than The. World. No, I disagree. I think a household, especially your parents should be a safe place and they should be able to discuss with anything with you. That's how you should raise your kids, right? That if anything is going on good or bad, they should be able to discuss that to you. It definitely should be just, I mean, from my experience and from what I see on social media from our generation, we're not very accepting of this new You know gender identity and sexual identity. LGBTQ plus I, my generation You know 30, 40 year olds, we just don't really understand it. So I kind of feel like they're, they're putting that in place to protect the children from the parents that are, I I You know, gonna lock 'em in the closet for that.


I understand where you're coming from, but I totally disagree. And I don't want us to generalize because social media is not real life. I, once again, I think anything that happens with my child, mentally, physically, emotionally, I want to know about it. And that And I, I understand this is about A-L-G-B-T-Q issue, but I don't like the precedent that it's such where it just tells your child to keep secrets from the parents. No, but not only that. If, if they wanna identify whatever they wanna identify in school and then when you come home, I have no idea what's going on. That actually hurts the child more. Yes, because the child can't be free. You a ninja turtle at school and then you come home You know what I'm saying? Doing kung fu kicks and wanting pizza all the damn time and I'm trying to figure out what the hell going on. Yeah. What's with you with the n I'm at school wondering what y'all teaching my child.


That's what I'll be wondering. Why you at, why is my child coming home with this bandana mask on? Talk about Cowabunga. Hello? Who's this? Hi, my name is Light John. Hey light John. Hey, how are y'all doing this morning? Doing good. What's your thought? Like John? I'm on the fence with this law. I'm a licensed therapist in the state of Georgia and so one of my things is confidentiality. If I have a kid that tells me that they identify as something I'm not necessarily obligated to tell the parents unless something causes harm. Like we're talking about suicidal thoughts, self-injure behavior, then I loop the parents in on that. But identity, I don't have to do that.


I do encourage my clients to be honest with their parents, but some of these kids are terrified of their parents' responses. And I. Don't blame Them. Yeah, but you was a kid once, right? And You know you're, you're a licensed therapist, but, and you were a kid once and You know that a lot of times a lot of the things that we thought our parents were gonna be so upset about, they weren't. They were actually more upset that we didn't tell them about it, that we didn't come to them with it. Absolutely. I agree with that. But there are some parents who just will not budge. No And, I understand that. And I seen that To these kids. I I get that And I understand that. But also like if, if my kid is going through something where, to the point where they wanna identify as something else, I think it kind of makes it worse that at school they could be free, but at home they can't be.


And especially if a parent has no idea or no understanding what they're going through. I get that. I definitely get it. I just feel like sometimes parents are not open enough for their kids to feel like they can talk to them. And that's the real issue. And lemme tell you, you're, you're a, you're a therapist so you can ask this and, and you can answer this and you said something, you said that You know if if if You know you got client confidentiality. But if it's something like suicidal thoughts or a person's hurting theyself, then you have, you wanna say something. Isn't that the same thing with this? Right? Because if my child is going through something like identifying as another gender and they're dealing with all types of backlash from all types of other places, And I know nothing about it. How devastated would I be as a parent if my child took they life?


And I didn't even know anything about it because it could get there. I couldn't even help them navigate with what they were dealing with. 'cause I didn't know Absolutely it could get there. And I think that there is some sort of bullying going on that parents should be notified about that. But if it's just the gender identity or they wanna go by different pronoun because they're trying to fill out different things. What does a therapist do when her family is the one who needs help seek therapy? Of course.


Don't miss the new season of the Hulu comedy Un Prison starring Kerry Washington and Delroy Lindo with a father outta of prison. A son with growing anxiety in a therapy practice in serious trouble. Carrie Washington's page is determined to pull her family back together. Nothing is uncomplicated un unprisoned, especially family. Will they be free from the generational issues and old wounds holding them back. John Stamos, guest stars as an unorthodox radical healing coach who goes toe to toe with Paige as Family Secrets come out. Can Paige and her crew move forward? Get ready for a new season of raw comedy and heartfelt connection on Unpr new season premiers July 17th, streaming only on Hulu.


Greetings, GULs and Girls and Welcome to Haunting Purgatory. Premier podcast for all things after life. I'm your host Teresa. We'll be bringing you different ghost stories each week straight from the person who experienced it firsthand. Some will be unsettling When she was with her imaginary friend, she would turn and look at you and you felt like something else was looking at you too. Some unnerving. The more I looked at it, I realized that the thumb looked more like a claw, like a demon. Some even downright terrifying. The Things that I saw, heard, felt in that house were purely demonic, But all of them will be totally true. Listen to Haunting on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts or wherever you live and get your podcasts.


Hi, my name's Josh. I'm from the podcast, the Imperfects, where we interview well-known people who look like they have perfect lives. But like most of us, in fact all of us, they're often far from it. We interview people like James Clear and Adam Grant. What do you do with the feeling of being an imposter? It's really tempting to trust your own judgment over other people's. What you're forgetting is that other people see you more objectively. And I. Think what that means is if multiple people believe in you, it's probably time to believe them. Listen to the Imperfects on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts or wherever you get your podcasts.


Welcome, welcome Welcome to another exciting episode of the Trap Nerds podcast. This is not an episode is a promo You know what it is. Promo time. We in this piece Trap nerds. Trap nerds real. You never Join the Trap Nerds podcast every Monday and listen to us discuss all things inside and out of blurred culture. The World Point. Tarantino squashes his beef with Marvel and be like, I oh God. Just see, I mean to push shots the road. We'll see, I'll be down man. You know. Gonna be extra racing with the best movie and TV reviews from a blurred perspective. I I think if Bold Male hadn't got fired, Kevin Fi would be in trouble right now. Freak we giving you reliable gaming news and real genuine game reviews. I I'll stand for Lightning. Why up does she have three games? Because she A bad dude, I hate you so much. Right? Listen To the Trap Nurse podcast or the Black in effect podcast network, iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts or wherever you get your podcasts.


Yo, it's Big Bank. Check out my podcast perspective with Bank on the Black Effect podcast network. Each and every Monday perspective with bank podcasts will feature individuals from different backgrounds all walks of life who come together to share their unique perspective and engaging enlightened conversation for what you think the biggest disconnect between men and women is. I think the biggest disconnect is, is now there is a role reversal. I feel like almost scientifically if, if there's not a, in my opinion, my perspective, a natural order of the man being the head and the one following the relationship will almost always fail. Unlike my work as a music artist and executive, I unlock diverse thought provoking viewpoints and experiences on a wide range perspective that you never knew you needed. But don't women know off the rip before they hit 'em with the okay that this ain't even me once my feeling change. We for our feelings for change at the same time. Yeah, at the same time. But You know what I'm saying? But you got, they just want a woman period. Every money. Listen to Perspective Bank on Black and Effect podcast network, iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts or wherever you get your podcasts.


I don't think that has to be said immediately. Say like, Lil Lil John, what's your name? I don't wanna, I said Little John. What's your name? How do you pronounce it again? Laja Ian. I mean 'cause I could imagine if if my, if my child took my, took their own life over something based off of, of something that they told you And I had no idea about And. I found out later on And I could have tried to help 'em and try to help 'em deal with it. I would try to tear that school up 'cause the fact that they didn't tell me where I couldn't make the decision to try to get them extra help. That's right. Or maybe be understanding to them I would tear that school up. Oh that's right because that's my child at the end of the day. Thank school. Hmm. I don't even know why the school wanted to take on that kind of responsibility to be honest with you. I don't, I don't know. 800 in liability.


5 8 5 1 0 5 1 Charlamagne gave donkey the date of who? Charlamagne California State law makers who? Governor Gavin Newso signed the law yesterday that made California the first US state toban school districts from requiring staff to notify parents of their child's gender identification change. Alright, well we're taking your calls. Do you agree with it? It's The Breakfast Club. Good morning. Made it. If y'all talking about it You know we talking about it Time. It's topic Times. Call 805 8 5 1 0 5 1 to join into the discussion with The Breakfast Club Morning everybody. It's DJ Envy. Jess hilarious Charlamagne de guy.


We are The Breakfast Club. If you're just joining us, well first of all, Jess hilarious is out today, but Charlamagne gave donkey today to who California law make. The log I signed yesterday by Gavin Newsom that made them the first US state demand school districts from requiring staff to notify parents of their child's gender identification change. All right. And we're asking 805 8 5 1 0 5 1. What's your thoughts? We got John on the line. John, good morning. What's happening? P Hey, what's up? What's your thoughts? Look, I Got a, I got a different angle on this. I could agree, I could agree and I'll tell you why. I can't speak to how white folks do in their home, but I know in black homes, especially with black fathers, we say all the time, yo, I don't do that Gay. I don't do that gay. So If, you got a son that's kind of feeling that way and all he hear his father and his friend saying, I don't do that gay shit.


But he got keep that school that he's with all the time. Like you said, they're with the teacher most of the time. He has a close relationship. And If you comfortable, comfortable telling that teacher that Of course you would tell a teacher not his father because You know his father has always said, you don't do that gay. Matter of fact, I heard a rap record on the radio the other day that said my, my greatest fear is having a great a gay son. So I could see a kid not wanting to tell his parents. 'cause all he's ever heard is his parents saying, we don't do that gay. But listen, you're doing a lot of generalizations. Exactly's actually a lot of old school generalizations because I could Exactly. Because I could easily point to somebody like Dwayne Wade and say, look at that brother and the, and the phenomenal job he's doing with his daughter You. know what I mean?


So it's just like, like things change. You know. You gotta, we gotta, we gotta start updating. We gotta start updating our profiles, man. And John, let me ask you a question, John, lemme ask you a question. You say, we don't do that gay ish. We don't do that gay ish. But imagine if your son took his life because he couldn't talk to his dad. How would you feel then? Would you still feel like we don't do that gang? Or you'd be like, oh, do you care more about your son's feeling and your son's being around? How would his dad feel knowing that he said that around his son all this time and his son wasn't comfortable enough to tell him, but he told the teacher he would feel like shit. I agree. Because he made his son feel that way all His life. Right. I agree. But that's what we have to change. Gener agree. Like we said, we can't be on, we get we we can't be like that. Yeah, I feel you. I'm just saying, I can see it being You know, not being so against it because there are kids that got that that hard parents that always said You know they not gonna go for that.


We not going for that. Our house And, I can teacher, I can tell you was born in the 19 hundreds. Absolutely. Like I am. Like I that's what I'm saying. Absolutely. Our our generation was different. There's there's a whole new generation of of black fathers out here, bro. They not, they not like our daddies. That's right. Hello. Who's this? Hey, it's Devon from Jersey. What's up, envy Dev Jersey. What's up brother B King. What's your thoughts? Yeah, so this morning I actually was listening to y'all this morning and y'all brought it up earlier and my, my fiance, she's a teacher and she's like, she kind of feels what doing? And I'm saying no, 'cause Charlemagne has a point. Now we're gonna start a generation of people, a of kids lying to us about what's going on and we can't help them.


She's saying basically that there's, there's, there's kids that go home and they don't want to go home 'cause they You know you tell your your father, you tell your mother that you're this, that and the third, you're gonna get your ass whooped or you're going to possibly killed You know the abuse. But I don't, I don't feel it. I'm not saying she's not, she's not wrong. But that's the worst case scenario. What I, what I would say to her, 'cause you gonna have, you gonna need this later when you go home and y'all still debating about it. What I would say to her is, do teachers really want that liability? If they knew this child You know had this secret and this child might be dealing with all type of backlash on social media, this child might be getting bullied. What if this child, God forbid, takes their life?


Right? And you as a parent knew nothing about what they were dealing with, but you knew the, but the teacher knew. Did the teacher really want that liability? No, not at all. Exactly. You know, we, we both in education, so yeah, I definitely feel what you're saying. But she, she's looking at And I. I get where she's coming from. But you're right, the liability of that. But not Only that, you can't generalize every family. You can't generalize every home and they can't pick and choose. So if they pass this law, they're not allowed to say it at all. And I don't think that's fair to parents who are understanding parents who do care about their kids, parents who wanna make sure their kids are comfortable and safe and don't have any harm regardless in the household or out in the, in The World. And if, if that was my situation with my kids, I would be hurt because I would want to help my son or my daughter as much as possible.


Exactly. So yeah. Love y'all brothers. Yo, I'll be at the car show, but yeah, I wanted to hear this. Okay. Alright. You said you a teacher. Where, where you teach at? So we in, so she's in Edison And. I'm in Sparta. Okay. I Well stay stay on hold. Yeah, because If, you got some students that I know a lot of times I hear from teachers that sometimes students can't afford the, the, the show or what they can't afford the tickets. I wanna give you a, some, some tickets to make sure that, that all the kids can go and enjoy themselves. Appreciate That. Envy. Hold on. Okay. Alright. Alright. So what's the moral of the story? The moral of the story for me is man You know. I just You know. Don't want us to continue to keep secrets from each other. Like, I, I really truly feel like the secrets we keep as a society have keep as a society have done nothing but hurt us.


And we don't do it ourselves any favors by keeping secrets. And we shouldn't be encouraging kids not to tell things You know to their parents and listen, If, you do tell your parents things and You know your parents react a certain way depending on what it is. If it's something like gender identity or your sexuality, they just terrible people. That's right. You know. And, and, and hopefully as a village you can help you have others to help you navigate through that. But I'm telling you man, And I think we all learned this as children. There's things that You know we thought our parents would be upset about when we came to them with it and they weren't mad at all. They were just mad we didn't tell them correct. And You know. I tell my kids all the time, man, we can navigate our way through anything.


I'll help you get, get through anything. Just don't lie to me about it and tell me what's going on so I can actually help. That's right. I And don't forget, yes, my call show is August 17th in the New York, New Jersey area. If, you are out and about or you are around. Come on through, we gonna have a good time and we don't care what you identify as. So you come as you are. There's kids games, kids, five and under are free all types of cars. And, I can't wait to see you. August 17th. Tickets are on sale right now. So get your tickets now. When we come back, we got just with the best. We gotta talk about two women knocking off the same guy and they found out when they were pretty much getting, well, we'll talk about it when we come back.


It's The, Breakfast, Club. Good morning The. Breakfast Club. Morning everybody is De JNV Jess. Hilarious. Charlemagne the guy We are The Breakfast Club. Jess is out today. She's sick man. Yep. She's having a baby in a couple of weeks. You know. Two weeks. Two weeks. So we got the mess A couple weeks. Let's jump right to it. Real Jessica, Robin Moore. Jess don't do no lying. She don't nobody Worldwide On The. Breakfast Club. She's a cultureship. She was able to get y'all to see something and understand something that nobody could get you to see.


It's time to set it off. Now salute to North Carolina's own the baby. Now. He was on the Funky Friday podcast with Kim Newton and was talking about what he does when he has no shows or he's not working and what keeps him grounded. How many kids do you usually have run? I done seen videos online where he like, it is I turned the crib to the, to the projects real quick. When I just wrote down to Atlanta, I wrote down five kids. Mm. They right there with me and they, they really keep me grounded, man. Ask anybody that ran into me like you won't see me around no grouping s no, none of that. I'd rather kick it with my little ones. You get what I'm saying? Yeah. They still pure. I really do appreciate them things and and and cherish them type Of things man, don't we all my brother?


Yes. Don't we all? Absolutely. And that's what I think we all should do. I think when, when, when we're not working, we spend that that time with our kids and our family to make sure that we make sure they're flourishing the right way. What else would you be doing? You're a father in a husband and like what else? There's a lot of people out there that, that's what we all should be doing. Yeah. Yeah. What else would we be doing? No, there's a lot of people out there that, that think the opposite. They bums. They don't want to spend that time with their family. That's what you call bums and deadbeats and suckers and clowns. And that's why they life is miserable. Seriously. And that's why also a lot of times their kids lives are, are the way that they act because there is no father figure in their life. You Seely point that finger at color Purple Boy and Sealy say, ain't no good going to come to you and tell you do right by me. That's real.


So when you actually do right, watch all the good that comes to you. It's the reason you a bum. Now Skip Bayless after eight years is leaving undisputed, his last show will be later this summer. Skip Bayless and Fox Sports both declined the comment on the decision, but it looks like he is out. Skip Bayless. I don't watch, I haven't watched Fox Sports one in forever, so me neither. I think Skip needs a good You know. Actually Skip is the foil. I was about to say Skip needs a good foil. No, skip is the foil. He needs a co-host needs somebody go back and forth with. He needs a You. know once in a lifetime generational talent like a Stephen A. Smith are a very entertaining You know personality like a Shannon Sharp and You know when he has somebody like that to go back and forth with.


That's when he's, I guess he's at his best, right? I haven't seen him have that in a while. Nah. He needs a cohost that can go back and forth that they gel. Well now these last two stories, one of our producers, SIM SIMer, she gave me these stories. Now this is, you got your fan? Nope. Alright. What you gonna I do, but I'm not pulling it up. What? You gonna need your fan for this one? All right, so first let's talk Takara Jones. All right? Now you remember Takara model TV personality. You don't have to do this story, I just want you to know that this is all late. There's no more. That's what they gave me. No, there's something else you could have talked about, but continue. Go ahead. Now, Takara, she was recently on Carlos King. You remember her? She was a TV personality, a motto. And she talks about the time where she found out one of her closest friends, Melissa Ford was also dating Drake.


They were dating Drake as why you weren't surprised When Melissa Ford revealed that y'all were dating him at the same time? No, I wasn't surprised. She had came over to my house one night and she was talking about her new relationship or this relationship. So she's in my room, I'm getting dressed And, I'm about to go meet him. I don't know coincidence. I don't know. It's weird that say weird for lack of a better word. But she was just telling me about her situation with the guy that she was dating. And she went on to tell me it was Drake. And instead of me telling her, like right then and there, I wanted to go and talk to him first because this wasn't the first time that me and Melissa had was seen or taped talking to the same guy.


So when she told me what was going on, I went on my date with him. And I told him what she had just told me. And then when I left from him, I drove over to her house. And how did she take the news? Pretty calm. It was, it was civil. Nobody got mad. Nobody screamed, nobody cried. It was just a girl conversation. It was absolutely no reason for you to report that story other than you gay. Now, another story that our producers gave us is about metro booming. You wanna hear this one? Depends what it is. Okay? Now, Metro booming. This is like I said, one of our producers, justice House. So she gave me the story. We explained the whole story. She was so excited. She said Metro booming is being accused of cheating on his girlfriend.


Black men don't cheat. He was out. So here you go. Spreading propaganda about black men per usual, allegedly. They said, what's crazy is that he was exposed not by his alleged side chick, but by the side chick's friend. They were out and about him and allegedly the side chick. The friend was out there. She was the third wheel. You have no business report in this story. Why would you even put this type of negative energy, false narrative on the air this morning when You know black men don't cheat? Well, well that's allegedly what happened. She exposed him, posted the picture of allegedly of them kissing him in the sidekick. But Metro Boomer responded. He responded with some Bible verses. He says, do not worry about tomorrow.


This is not a suggestion, but a command. I divided time into days and nights so that you would have a manageable portions of life to handle. My grace is sufficient for you, but the sufficiency is only for one day at a time. He gave this whole nice little Bible scripture basically saying, don't believe what you see. Why you turning your back to me? Yo, I, what happened? Why you turning? Why you turning your back to me, man? Hey, I'm not kidding, kidding. That's disrespectful. They gave me these stories. I didn't wanna do these stories. Jess is back tomorrow. You a grown man. You ain't had to do 'em. You chose to do that. There was nothing else. You chose to talk about the car. I didn't.


You chose to talk about the car and Melissa Ford running the train on Drake. You chose to lie on Metro. Boom. And I. Don't believe Metro. Boom. Meda. I think you chose black men. No Chief, no a choice. Black man or beige man, Dominican man. Whatever the hell you are. I don't know what you are. Oh my goodness. Jess is back tomorrow. And that's just with the mess. Rashaun with the mess, envy with the mess. Whatever you wanna call it. You can go to commercial, man. No, we go to the mix now the ups next is the People's why. You just kill a vibe, man. Up next is the People's choice. Miss, get your request in 805 8 5 1 0 5 1. Don't go anywhere as The, Breakfast, Club. Good morning, you are checking out. The. Breakfast, Club. Morning everybody. It's DJ Envy.


Jess. Hilarious. Charlamagne the guy. We are The. Breakfast. Club. Now we got a salute to Deidrich Hadden for joining us today. Luther Derick, man, he's got a new album out right now called One Night in California. People love him You know he's a, he's a gospel singer that You know a lot of people You know. Enjoy. That's right. Yeah. So SLU through Diedrich Haddock, man, thank you. You for coming. That's right. We gonna be, you could check out the full interview on our YouTube page. Of course. And when we come back we got the positive notes. So don't move. It's The, Breakfast, Club. Good morning. Morning everybody. It's DJ Envy. Just hilarious. Charlamagne the guy we are The Breakfast. Club. Again, salute to Just hilarious. She was out today feeling a little under the weather, so hopefully she'll be back tomorrow. My good sister got two weeks. Two weeks left.


That's right. Weeks before that little baby comes into The. World, man. So You know we are sending her nothing but positive energy, love and light. Okay. I think she'll be, she'll be on tomorrow remote though. Yeah. Remote. Yep. Well, you got a positive note. I do. I wanna tell people too, man, always get Honest or Die. Dieline, why Small Talk sucks. My new book, my third book is available everywhere You buy books now. I'll be in Cincinnati next week actually. So I tell y'all where I'll be at in Cincinnati next week having a moderated conversation about Get Honest to Dieline book signing and all that good stuff. So I tell you about that soon because I just know I'm gonna be there. I don't have any other details. Details, but You know no details or nothing. Yes. But the positive note is simply this.


It is easy to dodge our responsibilities, but we cannot dodge the consequences of dodging our responsibilities. Did you hear what I just said? It is easy to dodge our responsibilities, but we cannot dodge the consequences of dodging our responsibilities. All you deadbeat daddies, remember that. Have a blessed Day. Breakfast Club Bitches. Do y'all finish or y'all done?


Hello and Welcome to Haunting Purgatory Premier podcast. I'm your host, Thereza. We'll be bringing you different ghost stories each week straight from the person who experienced it firsthand. Some will be unsettling, some unnerving, some even downright terrifying, but all of them will be totally true. Listen to Haunting on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts.


Hi, this is Hugh here from the Imperfects podcast where we chat to well-known people whose lives seem perfect from the outside, but through our discussions they share the vulnerabilities and imperfections that make them who they are. We chat to people like James Clear and Adam Grant. You could have hidden potential to be a better partner, to be a better friend and prove as a parent, there's so much discussion of how do we build our careers? When are we asking the question of how do we build our character? Listen to the Imperfects on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts.


Curious about queer sexuality, cruising and expanding your Horizons hip play on the sex positive and deeply entertaining podcast, sniffy Cruising Confessions. Join hosts Gabe Gonzalez and Chris Patterson Rosso as they explore queer sex, cruising relationships and culture in the new iHeartPodcasts S Sniffy Cruising Confessions. S Sniffy Cruising Confessions will broaden minds and help you pursue your true goals. You can listen to S Sniffy Cruising Confessions, sponsored by Gilead now on the iHeartRadio app, or wherever you get your podcasts. New episodes every Thursday.


My Name is Curly And. I'm Maya and Welcome to The Super Secret Besty Club Super Club Podcast. A Super secret club where we talk about super secret things. Yeah, like secrets that are super. That's what it is. In each episode, we'll talk about love, friendship, heartbreaks, men, and of course our favorite secrets. Get in here. Listen to the super Secret Bestie Club on iHeartRadio App, app podcast, or wherever you get your podcasts.


Welcome, welcome Welcome to another exciting episode of the Trap Nerds podcast. This is not an episode. I'm pretty sure this is a promo You. know what it is. We in this piece, trap Nerds. Trap nerds real like never heard. We Giving you reliable gaming news with the best movie and TV reviews from a blur perspective, all things inside and out of blurred culture. Listen to the Trap Nurse Podcast or the Black Effect Podcast Network, iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts.