
You're listening to an iHeartPodcasts. We went from normal life, healthy child to acute lymphoblastic leukemia, or a B cell, a LL. The St. Jude team came up to get CJ via ambulance. It was a little bit of a scary drive. There was a time where the storms were really heavy. Shortly after that, I noticed a rainbow. It meant that there was hope. We were driving into hope. St. Jude gave us a hope that we didn't know was possible. I truly can't even imagine not having St. Jude in our lives. I knew that it was really bad And I had a lot of questions, but I knew that everything was gonna be okay. St. Jude saved everything that matters to us.


I don't know that we'd have CJ without them. I am beyond grateful. My hopes are I could work with St. Jude. To have hope is to have St. Jude To have hope is to have your child healthy, and we have that because of St. Jude,


You can help kids fight childhood cancer. Please become a St. Jude partner in Hope today by visiting music gives.org.


This podcast is sponsored by Talkspace May is Mental Health Awareness Month. And Talkspace, the leading virtual therapy provider is telling everyone, let's face it in therapy. By talking or texting with a supportive licensed therapist At Talkspace, you can face whatever is holding you back. Whether it's mental health symptoms, relationship drama, past trauma, bad habits, or another challenge that you need support to work through, it's easy to sign up. Just go to talkspace.com and you'll be paired with a provider, typically within 48 hours. And because you'll meet your therapist online, you don't have to take time off work or arrange childcare. You'll meet on your schedule. Plus, Talkspace is in network with most major insurers and most insured members Have a $0 copay. Make your mental health a priority and start today. If you're not covered by insurance, get $80 off your first month with Talkspace when you go to talkspace.com and enter promo code space 80. That's SPA CCE eight zero. To match with a licensed therapist today, go to talkspace.com and enter promo code space 80.


Hey, I'm Dr. Maya Schenker. I host a podcast called A Slight Change of Plans that combines behavioral science and storytelling to help us navigate the big changes in our lives. I get so choked up because I feel like your show and the conversations are what The World needs. Encouraging, empowering counter programming that acts like a lighthouse when The World feels dark. Listen to a slight change of plans on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts. I've seen a lot of stuff over 30 years, you know, some very despicable crime and, and things that are kind of tough to wrap your head around.


And this, this ranks right up there in the pantheon of Rhode Island Fraudsters. I've always been told I'm a really good listener, right? And I maximized that while I was lying. Listen to Deep cover The Truth about Sarah on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts. Good morning. USA Yo Yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo. Charlemagne to God. Just Hilarious. Peace to the planet. What's up? It's Thursday. How y'all feel out there? I feel blessed Black and highly favored. Happy to be here another day to serve our beautiful listeners.


Good morning. Just good be knowing nothing till I walk in this room. I Know, but you are on the email chain. You've been on here what, for what, 18 years And ignoring him for about 14. But When I come in here, don't know nothing. You be like, you look at the email like, what is happening? Yo, we been near, the Vy was off for Like a week. I did not know. I swear, I did not know Vy was not gonna be here today. I had no idea. Yes, Man. I don't know what he is doing, but he's, but he's not here. And Lauren is running a little late or whatever. He was just texting last night like we texting about the game. Like everything was normal. He ain't saying nothing about not being here today. Yeah. Yeah. I made that. It's 48 degrees outside though. I'm not Gonna hold you, man. Goddammit. And I refuse to put a hood in you on this morning. You know how you wake up and you look at the temperature and you like, Nope. 'cause if I dress like it's the fall, then it's gonna continue to be a fall.


Yes. I refuse to do it. Yes, I refuse. You Do it any other time though. You wear a hoodie in here any other time. Well, That's, it's, well, I don't know why I do that, honestly, but I refuse to do it. When I looked at the temperature, I'm like 50 something degrees. Yeah. 48 and raining. Yes. What, what season is this for The rest of the week? I don't know. Memorial ain't on, ain't this Memorial weekend? Yes, it's Memorial Day is Monday. Memorial Day Weekend. Yes, sir. It's going. It ain't gonna be hot. At least not here. Usually That's when people get in the pools, like the Memorial Day weekend and everything. Lord, I just had my pool open at my state, man. No, we ain't, we ain't able to go. 'cause it's gonna be rainstorms all the way up until Monday. I might take my ass to South Carolina, nor I'm not, I'm lying. I'm actually, no, I'm not. I'm not. Damn. I'm, I'm going to see Patti LaBelle and Stephanie Mills and Anita Baker and Chaka Khan.


Where they at? Where they gonna be here? They gonna be in New York, Saturday in Brooklyn. That's The for Fel than mothers. Because I can't say fall. I'm not going disrespect them like that. You better not. You going To go see your crush, Stephanie? You already know. Mm. Katie LaBelle, Anita Baker. You already know. But Hold up. Ain't Anita Baker and Stephanie, they a little rocky, Ain't they? I have no idea. They don't really be. I'm going there just to hear the, the soul music. That's what I'm going for. Okay. All right. Well, let me know. Let me know. All right. What You mean? Let you know, let you gonna be here. I just wanted to know. I know I got shows this weekend. Tomorrow, Friday. I got shows at Fox Woods in Connecticut. I did radio yesterday. It was like, yo, stop saying Ash Nantucket. Don't nobody say that. Just call Hartford and Bridgeport.


So Bridgeport and Hartford, Connecticut. Meet me at Fox Woods tomorrow at eight o'clock. And then on Saturday we got the Wilbur Theater in Boston, Massachusetts. Get your tickets@jessofficial.com. Okay. Well, we got a great show planned for you today, man. The icon living the head coach of the South Carolina game. Cox, who just released her new book, uncommon Favor Basketball North Philly. My mother. And the life lessons I learned from all three, Don Staley will be joining us this morning. Yes. Yes. Okay. And what else? What else we be going? We got Jess. Fix my Mess. Yes, we Got Jess. Fix my mess this morning. That's right. Donkey. Donkey of the Day. Of course. And we have Front pagers coming up with Morgan. That's right. It's the world's most dangerous morning show. The Breakfast Club. Yes.


It's the world's most dangerous morning show. The Breakfast Club Charlemagne, the God Jess. Hilarious. DJ Envy is off. Lauren LaRosa is running a little late, but it's time for front page news with Morgan. What's up, Morgan? All right, let's get into it. Good morning everybody. Happy Anniversary too, Morgan. Good morning all. Yeah. Black Information Network has been doing front page news for a year now. Yes. Officially A year. Yes, but we not gonna get too much into that. Let's get into the news. There's a lot to cover. First up on front page breaking news out of Washington DC two Israeli embassy staff members are dead following a shooting outside the Capitol Jewish Museum in Washington, DC on Wednesday night. Now the suspect is in custody and shouted free Palestine while being arrested.


Now, officials in DC say the man was pacing the area shortly before the shooting and waited for a group of people to leave after the shooting. Metropolitan Police Department, chief Pamela Smith, said that the suspect then entered the museum and was detained by security. Now, the Israeli ambassador to the United States said they were a young couple about to get engaged. Very sad news for that couple. But I will keep you guys posted as this story continues to develop. Very sad news and not helpful at all. You know, throw, throw, throwing, throwing fuel on a fire that's been going on forever. Hello. And we're talk, we're we're supposed to be working on peace talks here, you know, but switching gears, president Trump met with South Ps, south African President, surreal OSA in the Oval Office at the White House yesterday.


This comes as dozens of white South Africans were accepted into the US as refugees earlier this month. Now, Ram Osa called his citizens cowards for resettling in the us. And during the meeting, Trump alleged that South Africa was committing genocide against the white africaners, which is not the case now. He showed outdated video clips to Ram Osa, calling it proof of that genocide. Let's take a listen to the comments between South African President OSA and President Trump. They're being executed and they happen to be white, and most of 'em happen to be farmers. And that's a tough situation. I don't know how you explain that. How do you explain that You are a partner, partner of South Africa and you are raising concerns, and these are concerns that we are willing to talk to you about.


So, Ram opposed, of course, denied the allegations telling Trump that there is a minority party behind the tensions between blacks and whites. He went on to stress that he does wanna sit down and continue talks about the issue after the meeting. He also said he was happy that talks between the US and South Africa will continue regarding trade and more adding that, that was his goal for the meeting, to reset the relationship between the two nations. Now, south African native Elon Musk has been outspoken. Crit has been an outspoken critic of the current government. And he was also in attendance of that meeting. Now, the comment that stuck out to me was when President Trump said, in reference to the white, African and refugees, let's take a listen to that audio.


But we have many people that feel they're being persecuted and they're coming to the United States. So we take from many, many locations if we feel there's persecution or genocide going on. So saying that in one breath, while actively deporting migrants who come to the US seeking asylum from the very same thing is crazy work. Mr. President. Yeah. I wonder how poor and disenfranchised white people here in America feel about the acceptance of the, the white africanists? Because it's the same thing, right? Like if you were complaining about, you know, the, these other people that were coming in from other countries getting resources Absolutely. And everything. It would, you would, you would, I would think you would complain about that as well, right? Abs absolutely, Absolutely Emini here. Cooper flag was the number one pick in the draft Emini here that was big for white Africans.


But Emini here, other than that, I, you know what, what the hell's going on? All right, Charle Ray clocked the tea. Then switching gears, the House Rules committee is advancing President Trump's so-called big beautiful Bill. Now the panel voted eight to four to advance the measure, which included last minute changes designed to appease both moderates and conservatives who withheld support from from the legislation. Now, we'll now head to the house floor where there is a hope that a vote will be held to today and it will be sent to the Senate by Memorial Day. So as house speaker Mike Johnson indicated this bill Big beautiful bill, is on track to head to the Senate by Memorial Day. But that's your front page news for 6:00 AM 7:00 AM We'll talk about a Qatari jet that has been accepted and some incidents going on with the DOJ.


The DOJ has been very busy, so we'll get into that at seven. So stick around. Thank you Morgan. Get it off. Your chest is next one. (800) 585-1051. Call up. Tell us why you're blessed. Call up, tell us why you're upset about things. Whatever it is, whatever you wanna get off your chest, you can do it right now. It's the world's most dangerous morning show to Breakfast Club. The Breakfast Club. I'm, I'm, Hey, whatcha doing man? I'm calling. This is your time to get it off your chest. Whether you're mad or blessed. 805 8 5 1 0 5 1. We want to hear from you on The Breakfast Club. Good morning. Get it off your chest. Who's this? This anonymous man. No, No, no, no, no. You're, yo, listen, you're not allowed to call here and be anonymous 'cause you're on the radio.


At least make up a name or something. We can't even see you. The hell you gotta be anonymous for. What's your name man? The Charlemagne little brother. Charlamagne little brother. Okay, Charlemagne. All right, cool. What's up King? Listen, I wanna say how solid did he is, man, I don't condone none of domestic violence. But y'all were talking about did he gonna, his people down here, he didn't, didn't say nothing yet. And y'all forgot about the test. The state that they said in the trial how him and the security guard they saw down the street, they got it all black and got them put in work. Y playing with did, did I Don none the other domestic and all that other stuff.


But then he ain't snitch on nobody yet. Well let me, let me say something to you. First of all, the trial is eight to 10 weeks. We're only on week two. Okay? Number one. And I don't know how old you are, but I'm 46 years old. I'll be 47 next month. I don't give a damn about no gangsters. 'cause you know what, all I see is gangsters ending up in, in jail, jails or dead or in the situation that he's in now. So that's what getting, that's what being gangster gets you, sir. Alright. Grow up. I appreciate you man. How, How old are you? I'm 49. Man, if you don't grow your old ass up, go get your goddamn prostate check and take your cholesterol medicine on time. Hell, you selling. That's right. That's right. Have a good day, sir. What up, man? 49 years old talking about Didier a gangster.


Yeah, So he's solid man. Man, I don't wanna hear about no damn gangsters. Good morning. Yo. What's up? So man, what's up? Ja, it's Rick. It's Rick. What's going on Rick? Good morning. What's up my brother? How are you sir? I'm, I'm not doing well this morning. I'm gonna tell you something. I got a message for the Knicks. If they gonna lose, they should just get blown out and lose like a regular team and don't be doing all this drama. I can't deal with it, bro. I cannot deal with Rick. That was the Idea of thinking, thinking we gonna win and then being in the position to win and then going to overtime and losing and having Halliburton do Reggie's choke. I can't do it. I don't want to do it right now. Anthony Mason is probably rolling his brave.


They have light-skinned Tyler Har Halliburton doing with choking sign in the garden. Like, stop, if the nigga gonna lose, they should lose like a regular team, get blown out by 10 or 20 and just give us a peace of mind as Knicks fans. I don't want the drama, sir, if Anthony Mason would night, if Anthony Mason was playing on that Knicks team last night, they would've won because Anthony Mason plays defense. I watched the last five minutes of that game And I know everybody was like, oh, they went on a 10 oh run after Brunson took the bench. But I was watching they defense and I'm like, if they keep playing like that, they gonna lose this game. I I, I could just feel it. You could see it like their defense was Terrible. But If We don lose, I don't wanna lose in no dramatic fashion.


New Yorkers as as it is, we got gunshots going off everywhere. The train don't work. Yeah. Expensive. The city is expensive as hell. I don't want the drama just lose like a regular team, get blown out by like 40 and let us go to bed at night the way we came in versus giving us some kind of hope and having us lose it out outfit. Hell Yeah. I think, I think the basketball gods did that on purpose. Y'all needed to be humbled though. Y'all was wilding this weekend after y'all went to the Eastern Conference final. Y'all were, we Were wilding. Yeah, we were wild because we traumatized bro. Yeah, well And this just adds to the trauma. My blood pressure's up and my anxiety levels are on, on 10 right Now. Can't hear it, Rick. Voice Cracking man.


You serious man. I can hear it, Rick. Okay. New York down bad right now. Between this and the Diddy trial. God damn. Jesus Christ. Hey, hey, have a good day, Rick. Appreciate you King too, bro. Good morning. Who's this? Yeah, this Dre man. Dre. What's happening Dre? What's going on Charlamagne? How y'all doing? What's up? Good morning. We look black and Holly favored. How are you sir? Man, I'm the same. Blessed black and Holly favored man. I Just say today is a good day. I'm a school bus driver and it's the end of the school year And I gotta deal with these kids no more. Hey man, thank you for all you do. Thank you for all you do. Yo bus drivers are some of the most underappreciated people in our society. School bus drivers.


Man, thank you for what you do, man. Nah man. It's not an easy job, but we know we love the kids and we trying to make a difference out here. They be throwing stuff at you like we used to do. Ah, nah, I'm not going for that. I'm a different type of bus driver. You know What? Emini here. Oh, okay, okay, okay. All right. We appreciate you brother. I I how to deal with these kids, you know today, Man, we used to give all bus drivers. That's crazy. Nah. You know, so I try to give 'em some slack, but I wanna shout y'all out, man. I love what y'all do up there. I listen to y'all every day, every morning. Keep doing what y'all do. We appreciate you king. One of the stupidest things in The World too is for kids to be harassing the bus driver because you know, if you do something to the bus driver and the bus driver will be off the road, your dumb ass probably going to die. Yeah. You know what I'm saying?


Hey, shout Out. Yeah. Yeah. Emini here. You know, they, they, they try, they try you. But I'm a young driver so I know how to relate to, you know, that's, That's what's right. You still listening to young do I too strict, not too serious. Yeah, right. You still listening to Young Dolphin Key Glock, you know what I'm saying, right? Nah, nah. I ain't that young man. I'm 32. Oh, I'm sorry. Okay. They Cool, but that not by, you know, that's not my, what I listen to, but you know, shout them out too, man. RP dog. Yes, sir. All right, my brother. Thank you for calling And shout out to Sheena. She drive regular buses and that's my best friend. Your friend Sheena? Yes. My best friend Sheena. Big Stu Sheena's a bus driver? Yes. And she not a big stud. She just a stud. Why you gotta put big in Front?


No Emini here. Like, not stature. Emini here. Like Yes. Yes. Oh yes. That literally that little one. Yes, yes, yes. I Ain't know that she a school bus driver. I know she be talking crazy to them Kids. She's not no school bus driver. She drives the regular bus. So she pick up the citizens in Baltimore and take her where they need to go. Yes. Salute Sheena. Yes. Somebody trying her on her bus every day, every Day Between the Craig kids and you know the, the angry people that gotta go to work. They be trying my girl. So I'm gonna be so honest with you. She look like a bus driver, Don't she? No. Don't say Ain't. I never thought I could see Sheena. Nice dredge opening the door. See That's why she don't like me to bring her up on this radio no more because it's always you. Good morning, miss Sheena.


They do not car. No. Miss Sheena. It is not kids. It's crack kids. Okay. Anyway, just let's keep going. What's the next call? Good morning. I didn't know she gonna drive bus. Yes. What? Shout out to Sheena. Good morning. Who's this? Hello? Hey, how are you? I was wondering where the lady's at this morning. Good morning. Good morning. How are you? I'm alright. Yourself? We blessed. Good morning. Good morning, Girl. Get it off. I I wanna send myself a happy birthday, early birthday. This Monday Birthday. Happy born day. Woo. Yes. Where you calling from? I'm in Tennessee. I'm a truck driver, but I'm from Shreveport, Louisiana. Hey, so You in Tennessee, what part of Tennessee?


I'm trying to look up at the weather. Memphis? No, I'm in Crossville. That's why I'm headed to Memphis. Memphis. Oh, okay. I'm just looking at the weather. 64 degrees. This 7 0 78 this weekend. Okay. Down there. What you wanna get off your chest? Jess in here talking about Gorilla all morning. She keeps talking about Gorilla had a nose drop. Oh my God. All right. Because I saw her right before I walked in. I said, did y'all see Gorilla nose? Woo. No. I just wanna send myself I Happy birthday. Shut up. Okay. What's your name? Jana. Jana. And you gonna be 50? It's Qua Qua. And you gonna be No, it's Jana. Jana. Oh my damn. I'm sorry Jana. My bad. I'm sorry. And you gonna be 50? I'm gonna be 30. I said 50. Oh. And I thought you said 50. I'm sorry. You do sound 50 though, but damn.


But, but happy early boy day to you Jana. Yes Girl. Happy birthday. Thank you. Thank you. But we do that every morning. Get it off your chest. Lauren LaRose is here. Good morning Lauren. Hey, Good morning. What the hell Is under that hat of, it's A new, new girl. This is my vacation girl. We had us at Dr. Today for Memorial Day Getaway. That's Republic Avenue. Okay. I thought y'all do braids. So that's a sewing. We do do, no, this is not a sewing. And we do do braids, but I needed something quick. 'cause I've been in court. I didn't have time to sit for braids. We do braids for the island, right? Yeah. Or the summertime. I, I get where he trying to go. He just so mad he can't get braids. I Ain't trying to go. No, he always upset. Ain't got no, Listen, I'm glad you said it was quick because that's what it looked like. It looked like it got done quick.


Oh no, no, no baby. This, this, this right here. But didn't make it for a few weeks. But it's, it's easier. Okay, got you. Got you. Gotcha. Yeah, don't play with me. You can't even see nothing. And you, you not even inside the club And you upset. I can't see nothing. The person that did your head couldn't see nothing. Neither that like it got done in the dark. But anyway, you got the latest coming up right Lauren? I do have the latest coming up. You know, we gonna recap what happened in court yesterday. But today Kid Cudi will be in court. As I told you guys is going to be a short testimony, but I think it will be effective even though people don't think so. I got Questions about that. I wanted to know what a short testimony is, but we'll, we'll discuss when we come back. It's the world's most dangerous morning show to Breakfast Club. The Breakfast Club.


It's the world's most dangerous morning show to Breakfast Club Charlamagne. Tha God just hilarious. DJ Envy is off today, but Lauren Laro says Hey and it's time for the latest with Lauren. Lauren Becoming a street face off Man. She gets them from somebody that knows somebody. Well, she gets the details. I'm the home girl that knows a little bit about everything and She'd be having the latest on. Good Lord the latest with Lauren la. Sometimes she have facts, sometimes she have details, sometimes she have a little bit of everything. What's the latest in The Breakfast Club? Talk, talk to me. Alright, so yesterday in court, I believe it's day eight yesterday. So today is day nine. Spill a semen from the court yesterday. We don't say spill a t when it come to the Diddy case you say spill the semen. Spill it. Oh my God.


That just seems so aggressive for 6:53 AM But here we go. You know what, Emini here. Oh my God, go ahead. So yesterday in court we heard from a Homeland Security Investigations agent who was a part of the team that ran into the Miami House. They finished his testimony that we talked to or they talked to a clinical and forensic psychologist. Her name is Dawn Hughes. George Kaplan, a former executive assistant. And it was a ton of stuff that went down. I think most people right now are like, what is it about to happen when Kid Cudi comes into court, though we already Know What you know. Which, what? Well, if You read the, if, if you read the indictment, the indictment clearly says arson.


Yes. So clearly the alleged Diddy blowing up kid cu his car Yes. Is the arson. Yes. Allegedly. Yep. That is exactly what he's gonna be there to speak to. And he's gonna probably provide a lot of the background context to his and Cassie's dating fling or whatever that was in the events that led up to Diddy allegedly getting so upset to have to do that. Now, yesterday in court, at the end of court, they kind of let you know what's about to happen The next day they said, the prosecutors had said, look, tomorrow we're gonna interview five people on the stand. I said, whoa, how is that gonna happen? And they said, because the, to the judge, they said, well that is gonna be possible because the testimonies will be short. And that kind of caught me off guard because I had assumed that Kid Cudi would be not a short testimony because they've been mentioning him every week in court since court has started.


But maybe they plan to get right onto what they gotta get to. Well, I was gonna ask you what does short look like? I don't know time-wise what short looks like. But I will say when we had had, because you've Been in there. Yeah. You're in there every day. So what has been short I don was 20 minutes ca ca That was short. Cassie's mom was also short. Mm. For instance, an example of not short, Cassie took about what, like two, two days? Two days. Two days. Two and a half days. So it is given maybe we might get an hour. Okay. Okay. Out of kick the Kick Cudi testimony. I'm not really for sure exactly what time they're gonna go, but they mentioned that it would be short. He's actually first up on the stand after they finish with this former executive assistant of Diddy. So I'll be there, I'll Be who's the former executive assistant?


His name is George Kaplan and he was a man. Oh, I Thought you were talk about Christina. No. Capricorn. Capricorn? No. Yeah. No, not yet. Okay. Not I don no tho those she's not on the list to come this week. Got you. Or today or whatever. But no, George Kaplan, he used to work for Diddy under Combs Enterprises. And he's already beginning to testify about having to set up freak off rooms allegedly. And, you know, allegedly, allegedly, he was sent to buy drugs a couple times and he used his bad boy card to do so allegedly. So you know where they're going with him. What About the guns? 'cause I, I saw the FBI released those pictures and everybody was so caught. The 15. Yes. Everybody was so caught up on the dildos that had the serial numbers scratched off, but they, and the Oh my god.


Dildos have serial numbers. Yes. Did he had dildos with serial numbers scratched off. But what about the guns did not. So let tell you something about these guns, right? Not the Tres. Is he charged? I don't know if, is he charged with these guns? Is this part of the Rico? I believe that that what they're gonna try and bring in with the Rico is they're gonna show they're gonna use the guns and the drugs to show and don't, I'm gonna look this up to make sure that I'm hitting this right to the nail because people be mad when I don't. But what I'm assuming that they're trying to show is, is that he used all of that to add to the force and the intimidation and things of that nature. But I'm gonna look that up to answer you. Exactly. Yeah. I just wanna know if he's gonna be, if he's getting charged with the gun. 'cause there are guns with the serial number scratched off automatic weapons. That's a big federal Charge. But let me tell you the way Diddy's teen came in the cross about them guns, I think teeny or Tanny Geragos Mark Geragos daughter, she's not to be played with.


So they did the special agent, we went through his home, they talked about all these different guns they found and the magazines and all these things. She's like an evidence expert. She got back up on that stand and she said, hold on. So what's your process? Y'all take pictures before and after so that we can make sure that you guys, you know, are chronicle in this stuff Right? And accurate. He says, yes. She brought back up all those photos with those guns no photos before for a lot of the things. And she's like, well, were you the person that took the photos? The man testifying said, no. She said, well, I'm looking at a, you know, a bunch of stuff at the bottom of a closet floor. Some of these things included where they found the guns, they opened boxes and found different things. Right? She's like, can you tell me which cubby these guns came out of?


He said, no. And she said, okay. So you can't, she's making the point. They're trying to draw a very clear distinction between how do you even know that these are his, when they're either they're serial numbers on them that or they're not. You didn't do any DNA testing like at all. And you could have, and it's easier for you to do DNA testing when you find these guns inside of a home versus outside and you know all of the elements. But that don't matter. But it's his home though. They found them in there so that they his, But they're trying, they're, if if, If you find guns in somebody's residence and nobody claims them, everybody in that residence is probably gonna get dropped. It's responsible. Right. But you know how many people are in the, she also made a point about how many people were actually put into custody when they got to the home. You know, where she's going with this.


But the fact when I, I'm saying that because the, I don't know what a, a juror is gonna be thinking about it, but the fact that she was even to create even able to create that thought as a conversation, I was like, oh, she's good. Really, really good at this.


Gotcha. But We went from normal life, healthy child to acute lymphoblastic leukemia or B cell a LL. The St. Jude team came up to get CJ via ambulance. It was a little bit of a scary drive. There was a time where the storms were really heavy. Shortly after that, I noticed a rainbow. It meant that there was hope. We were driving into hope. St. Jude gave us a hope that we didn't know was possible. I truly can't even imagine not having St. Jude in our lives. I knew that it was really bad And I had a lot of questions, but I knew that everything was gonna be okay. St. Jude saved everything that matters to us. I don't know that we'd have CJ without them. I am beyond grateful. My hopes are I could work with St. Jude. To have hope is to have St. Jude to have hope is to have your child healthy. And we have that because of St. Jude. You can help kids fight childhood cancer. Please become a St. Jude partner in Hope today by visiting music gives.org.


This podcast is sponsored by Talkspace May is Mental Health Awareness Month in Talkspace. The leading virtual therapy provider is telling everyone, let's face it in therapy. By talking or texting with a supportive licensed therapist at Talkspace, you can face whatever is holding you back. Whether it's mental health symptoms, relationship drama, past trauma, bad habits, or another challenge that you need support to work through, it's easy to sign up. Just go to talkspace.com and you'll be paired with a provider, typically within 48 hours. And because you'll meet your therapist online, you don't have to take time off work or arrange childcare. You'll meet on your schedule. Plus Talkspace is in-network with most major insurers and most insured members. Have a $0 copay. Make your mental health a priority and start today. If you're not covered by insurance, get $80 off your first month with Talkspace when you go to talkspace.com and enter promo code space 80. That's SPA CE eight zero. To match with a licensed therapist today, go to talkspace.com and enter promo code space 80.


Hi, I am Radhi DeLuca And I am the host of a really good cry podcast. And I had the opportunity to talk to Davy Brown. Davy Brown is one of the most sought after wellness educators. And through her signature blend of advanced meditation, breath work, metaphysical physiology, spiritual psychology, and holistic trauma-informed facilitation, Davy has touched the lives of countless students, including renowned artists, athletes, and executives of global corporations. But anything can be used as a tool of avoidance with women. Any kind of thing where there might be this underlying edge of self-sacrifice as martyrdom.


If you're never filling, you're telling yourself a story and you're actually avoiding what you should be doing, your life at the end of it is still gonna be a sum of your experiences. And so you gotta get in, you gotta get your hands dirty. Listen to a really good cry on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts. I have a question for you And I want you to be honest with me. How are you? It's a really hard question to ask. It's a harder one to answer. But taking care of our mental wellbeing has never been more important. All of May's mental health Awareness month and on the psychology of your twenties podcast, we are taking a vulnerable look at why mental health is so hard to talk about and all the science and psychology behind some of life's hardest moments and transitions.


Prepare for our conversations to go deep. Everything from grief to heartbreak, career burnout, anxiety, all of the things that you would only talk about with your closest friends. I spent the majority of my teenage years and my twenties just feeling absolutely terrified. I had a panic attack on a conference call Knowing that she had six months to live. I was no longer pretending that this was my best friend. So this mental health awareness month, take that extra bit of care of yourself and your brain. Listen to the psychology of your twenties on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts. I'm gonna look that up for you with the rico. And then also the woman that the psychologist yesterday, the clinical and forensic psychologist that they spoke to Don Hughes.


I thought it was gonna be a snooze fest. She was actually the best witness yesterday. Hmm. She spoke generally to like, you know, why victims of alleged domestic violence and sexual abuse go back and oh my gosh, she was so on point with a lot of the things that she was saying and even when she spoke directly to memory and trauma and how it makes you not remember things. Of course the defense came in and did what they did and it was very interesting to watch them cross this, this expert. But So the semen was just warm yesterday. Today the semen gonna be hot. Yeah, the semen Was like hot. It was like room temperature yesterday. It wasn't even like heated today. Okay. It's gonna get a little microwave action. Okay. You know what I'm Saying? It's gonna be hot. The semen gonna be hot today. What else we got in the front page?


Emini here. Front page. Lauren the latest with Lauren. Well we are get into scissor Tory lanes, but we have a couple audios And I don't wanna shorten that. Okay. But I will say congratulations. In the next hour. We're gonna talk about this on Gorilla Nose. Jess has been talking about gorilla's nose all Morning long. I'm like, yes girl. And she confirmed. She was like, Andy got it done. Yeah. What's up? So, okay. Yes. A little nosy. That little. Yes. Can y'all explain to me like, what do women see when they want to get a nose job? Because Emini here, all plastic surgery is personal, but nose jobs are really personal because you, I don I don't think the average person looks at an individual and goes, oh, that person needs a nose job. So what do y'all see when y'all look in the mirror? Not y'all wanna do that. I just think, you know, it is what you see in the mirror.


Like maybe she felt like her nose was too big, obviously. 'cause she wasn't go got, you know, she went and get a little one, but she obviously felt like it was, it was too big for her. I felt like the same way my whole life. But I'm, I'm not getting a nose, y'all. You Got a beautiful nose because I'm, I know, I know. But when I was pregnant this last time with Marley, it had spread like a couch and it didn't go back. Now it was like a loveseat. I I never got the same nose that I had back yet. Oh my God. Before I had Marley. Wait, so you're, because You can't fix your nostrils like you got big nostril. At least your not nose Body snapped back though. Some girls don't get their bodies back. Yeah. No, no, no. When IF flare my nostrils, it is Like Exactly.


It's worse. You can't close that. I know, but it was smaller. My nose was smaller before I had my daughter. Oh my God. Now. Yeah. That is still why? Just, I wanna be looking at your nose all day. I didn't even realize that you still had the same nose. You need to stop being angry. That's what it is. You get angry and you Yes. And you look, you do like this and then you be like, I wouldn't. And then we can see. Right. Every time you get mad you do like this. And I'm like, ah, damn. But blow nose look like she, she did it for more of like the contour. Like it's like pinch right here. And you know the cont contour, it's pinch, it's pinched all the way through. Yeah. The contour just gives you that. Yeah. You remember the Lord noses on the Kleenex box? Yes. Lady. She got little nose like that. And it is red. Like a little one. Well, G Glow likes it. I love it. Yeah, She does.


She said Andy. Yeah. And it's cute. It's a little one. All right, we got front page news coming up next a little. Oh, like them on the dr like little Louisville? Yeah. Oh, okay. Some cute little noy. Wow. So I gotta have a baby lose my nose. And what? Slow down. Okay. Michael Jackson, girl, not lose your damn nose. Oh my God. My boobs gonna be outta shape. My nose gonna be outta shape. What the heck? It's all worth it when you see that baby, that baby. Come On. You gotta have a man to have a baby. So. Well you gotta pick one. You got, you got a few suitors. Ah, yes. Yeah, you got about three. You went out to the Dr. Sis. So, oh my God. What are y'all trying to do to me up here? And you hang outside the court? That's what the real niggas be in the court.


Yes. Why? Ain't nobody in the court. Okay, let's get outta here please. We got front page news coming up next with Morgan. It's The Breakfast Club. Wake up, wake up. You're locked into The Breakfast Club. Yeah, it's the world's most dangerous morning show. The Breakfast Club. Charlamagne to God. Jess. Hilarious. DJ Envy is off the day Morgan is here with Front page news. Good morning, Morgan. Good Morning. Good morning. All right, let's get back into it. So the US has officially accepted that luxury jet from Qatar to use as Air Force One. The Defense Department confirmed the news on Wednesday. A spokesperson said, secretary of Defense, Pete Hegseth accepted a Boeing 7 47 from the Middle Eastern country in accordance with all federal rules and regulations. Maybe because he can accept it, I'm not sure.


But you know, this is actually supposed to be a gift for President Trump. They said the DOD will work to ensure proper security measures are considered for an aircraft used to transport President Trump. Lemme ask you a question, is Pete, he said for government official He is. So maybe he can't he accept it. I'm trying to figure Out the code. What I'm the US Constitution prohibits government officials, government officials from accepting gifts from any king, prince or foreign state. The reality is what they're doing is unconstitutional. And that's just it. And, and as long as, as long as people, you know, don't push back on it, don't show no resistance towards it, then that behavior will continue to be normalized. And I guess it's normalized now. Crazy. Yeah, well, yeah, you ain't, you ain't lying.


I was trying to figure out the loophole in this. But moving on in other news, the Justice Department is dismissing Biden era investigations into the Louisville and Minneapolis. The police departments now, DOJ made the announcement on Wednesday saying the lawsuits were filed last minute by the Biden administration. After President Trump was reelected. The lawsuits accused the departments of widespread patterns of unconstitutional policing practices tied to race. It said its civil rights division will dismiss the lawsuits against the departments. Now this would be cases like the death of George Floyd in Minneapolis and that of Breonna Taylor in Louisville. Louisville Mayor Craig Greenberg, welcome the news. Let's hear his comments. We did not oppose do j's motion to dismiss today because we see the writing on the wall and it's time to move forward.


We can't afford any more delays. There's no point in delaying the inevitable. Let's focus on those reforms and improvements. And that's why we did not object. So of course, you know, on Monday, May 25th will be the fifth anniversary, or Mark the fifth year that in, in remembrance of that, the death of George Floyd. So the DOJ said it will was also being, it will also be ending investigations into other departments, including in Phoenix, Trenton, New Jersey, Memphis, Tennessee, Mount Vernon, New York, Oklahoma City, and Louisianas and the Louisiana State Police. Well, I, I wonder what are the reforms and initiatives? You know, it's not like the Joy Floyd Policing Act was ever passed. So like when he Right. And I got, I'm, I'm all for, you know, moving on if justice has been served, if we have weeded the, you know, the wrong people out of the system and if there is actual reforms and initiatives, but what are the reforms and initiatives, That's not probably a blanket answer.


You know, I'm sure that's gonna be case by case depending on the, the state and local police departments and those municipalities. So some, some probably better than others. But to, to your point, there is no blanket answer for that. Hmm. In other news, president Trump is again weighing in on the de the Department of Justice investigation into New York Democratic Attorney General at the Oval Office yesterday, Trump said, Leticia James committed major fraud with her real estate transactions years ago. Let's take a listen to President Trump in regards to that. Did she sign in Virginia yet? She, she said she lived in Virginia, yet she's the New York State Attorney General. And she did that for tax reasons, so she could take advantage of taxes.


It's major fraud, mortgage documents, and fraudulent everything. So Attorney General James has denied the allegations and claims it's only retribution for the many cases that she's brought against Trump. The FBI has confirmed it's working with the DOJ on James' case Emini here. But we, we do know that tis James is absolutely correct. Right. This is just retaliation for the charges that tis James brought against Donald Trump. Like Donald Trump has a list and tis James is high on that list, as I'm sure Alvin Bragg is Alvin bragging very quiet, probably rightfully so. But you know, I just, we do know this is retaliation. Yeah. And he said that, he said that he would, you know, be coming after her if he was reelected. So. Yep.


Jersey Congresswoman Lamonica Mc Iver is facing up to 16 years in prison on two assault charges in that chaotic incident at the Newark Ice Detention Center earlier this month. Now, the Democrat is accused of assaulting federal agents as they move to arrest Newark Mayor RAs Baraka at a protest outside Delaney Hall on May 9th. Now, she spoke to M-S-N-B-C and here's what she had to say in regards to that incident. Well, I think one, this is political intimidation from the Trump administration. Emini here, me being charged is absurd. You know, especially when I'm just there to do my job. The confusion and the, the chaos that you see was caused by ice officials and Homeland Security.


They created this unnecessary situation by arresting the mayor. And of course she's referencing Mayor Ra Baraka of Newark, not to be confused with New York, those who aren't in, in that area Now, she appeared virtually for a 15 minute hearing on Wednesday and was released on her own recognizance. She did not enter a plea. The fed's charge. MacGyver the same day they dropped trespassing charges against Mayor Baraka. Now President Trump weighed in on those charges against the congresswoman. Let's take a listen to his comments. That woman was outta control. She was shoving federal agents. She was outta control. The days of that crap are over in this country. We're gonna have law order. I watched that video. I didn't see her assault anybody.


I didn't see her look outta control in no way, shape or form. You know what Emini here, she was definitely, you know, in between the agents in, in, in the mayor, but they still got to the mayor. If anything, I saw them pushing her around. Right? That's essentially what everybody else is saying. Baraka and as, as well as MacGyver. Now meanwhile, your your good girl, Nancy Mace, she's filing a resolution to expel Congresswoman Lamonica McIver. Now, mace said the house has set a precedent for expelling members charged, but not yet convicted of serious sim criminal offenses. And she added the public deserves to know that criminal conduct in the halls of Congress has consequences. So we will see what happens with congresswoman.


I Read some that said that what she, what Nancy Maces filed is a long shot. But like, I, I don't know. I feel like people, the way that people are weaponized like their power and their ability right now. Mm. I I don I just don't, do we, is there an end to this? Like what, what is the, what's the balance like? Because it's only gonna get worse than, there Is no balance. The skills are tipped right now in Republican favor. It seems Like the minute they can get you up outta here, they do it. And then there's no, if you fight back, if you push back now you out of you insane or whatever. Trump said, I highly disagree with what, what Nancy Mace is doing. And I saw her say repeatedly yesterday that nobody is above the law. Yes. There, there is people that are above the law. President Donald J. Trump is above the law. But that's what I'm saying. There's no like, like we talk about it every day.


But like, then what happened, Emini here, there's no consistency. 'cause of because of what, 'cause of what Morgan just said. The, the, the, the balance of power. You know, the scales have been tipped. Very tipped. Absolutely. Yeah. And very much in favor for the Republican party. Unless the de de, unless the Democratic party galvanizes and organizes in a way that, you know, puts everyone on the same page, then I don't see it letting up anytime soon. Especially being that we're only what, a few months into the four year term. So there's that. And that's your front page news. Y'all can follow me on socials at Morgan Media. And for more news coverage, follow at Black Information Network. Download the free iHeartRadio app and visit us@binews.com. Feels great to be here for a year. Y'all Thank you Morgan. All that front page news, you know, saying let's make it a great, we rest of the weekend.


Morgan, We we appreciate you. We appreciate the Black Information Network. You know, when you're not here and you have feelings, we appreciate Mimi, Mimi Brown, and Yep. You know who, what's, what's the other young lady slipping my mind right now? Bri B Brie. Brie. Yeah. Bri Alute Bri, he held it down too. Salute to B Brie. So thank thank you to everybody at the Black Information Network. We appreciate y'all. Yes. We appreciate being in partnership to bring people this. Good. Good. Well, I wanna say it's good news, but at least we gonna keep y'all informed. Yes, Absolutely. Y'all keep us informed. Definitely do. And when we come back, the icon living Don Staley will be joining us. You know Don Staley, she's the head coach of the South Carolina game, Cox Woman's basketball team. She has a new book on Uncommon Favor, which is on my book in print, black Privilege Publishing with Simon and Schuster basketball North Philly, my mother, and the life lessons I learned from all three.


So when we come back, we're gonna talk to Don Staley about that book and some other things. It's the world's most dangerous bonus show. The Breakfast Club. The Breakfast Club. Morning, everybody. It's DJ Envy. Just hilarious. Charlemagne the guy. We are The Breakfast Club. We got a special guest in the building, the Icon living. Dawn Stanley, welcome back. How you feeling? Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. I usually come back when we win the championship. We lost this year. So thank y'all for you. Don't you start that. You're always invited a new book. Anytime. Uncommon Favor is out right now. Basketball North Philly. My mother and the life lessons I learned from all three is out right now. How are you feeling? I'm feeling great.


Emini here. My my friends have received their books and they have nothing but like, great things like my cup running over. They had you a Little I Yesterday. Yeah, they did. I gotta I gotta give you a shout out. And you, you sparked the conversation. So many people have asked me to write a book and I'm like Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah. Like, yeah. Right. But it, it came from so many different people and then when I came on the show in 2022 Yep. We, we, we talked about it and you just, you kept the conversation going. You real persistent with it. You know, that's, that's what I'm attracted to most is like somebody that actually Persistent. Persistent, yeah. Persistent and, and know the process. Like you knew the process. I don't know if you knew my story so, so to speak, but you knew enough to know that, you know, this, this book will be received well and, And I appreciate that.


Well, people like, you don't come around too often, Don like you are a once in a generational just person, you know, and you really learn that when you read the book. Not even just as a coach, but as a, a basketball player, but more so as a, a child of Philadelphia, man Emini here. I I had fun. Like the process was fun. It's liberating. It is. You know, you, you don't really know how you're gonna be received, but every person, like, I'm, I'm actually waiting for a critic. Like I'm waiting for somebody. Say what, what didn't go right in the book? Right. And we have yet to get to that point. And one of my friends was, you know, listening, had a long road trip listening to the entire book yesterday. And she was like, I'm in tears.


I'm laughing. Hmm. I, I get it, like the leadership part of it, like Emini here, the emotions that are in the book and it's, it's me. So some of it is emotional me, some of it is just I'm able to just get it out because I remembered most of it And I had to call on my, my siblings to kind of fill in the gaps. But it's me like it's, it's so me, it's so relatable. It's so, it was an easy process. So it was ther was it therapeutic at all to do it? No, it was just natural. It wasn't like, it was natural. And I think sharing my story is just relatable to people. It's not like, you know, I don't think it's a overdo it with the accolades.


Yeah. It's like the accolades are intertwined and everybody's accolade won't be like Olympian national champions. But on a certain level, like if you graduate high school, it's relatable. If you graduate college, it's relatable. If you, if you could pull yourself out of the projects of any city, it's, it's relatable and there's no wrong path. Like there's no, like you can get off tilted, but then you gotta come back by, like habits come back by. The lessons in the book are just, just, it, it relates to every single thing that you would wanna accomplish in life. And I'm not just saying that the pump the book, but it really is like, yeah, I'm only giving what other people are giving me the feedback they're giving me.


And I is, it is cool to hear people just relate to the book. Yeah. I love it. Because you know, people know you from different things. Right. Some people know you as a player, some people know you as a coach. But with this book, it starts from where you came from, which is North Philly. Right. And you talk about Raymond Rosen housing projects and you talk about, you know, you said growing up in the projects was the best decision your parents made. Explain that a little bit and how that formed to the woman that you are today. Just imagine the people that don't grow up in the projects. What you think happens in the projects. You, you think probably only one thing crying. Mm. Like bad things. Like, and for me it was the foundation of giving me the scars. I needed the chinked in the armor.


I needed to succeed. Like there was unity in the projects. There was discipline in the projects. There was manicure lawns, there was my block. I grew and never had trash in it. Like it was captain in a way that would compete with any suburban lawn like or neighborhood. So it was, it was all those things that helped build you up. Like I'm unbothered and unafraid to tackle on the most challenging things in life because that's nothing compared to way I grew. That's nothing like, so I think it gave me the, the foundation I needed to just be able to coach every day, like coach young people, like generations are changing.


Coaching talent and individuals and young people nowadays is very, very challenging. I love, I love how you embrace your inner child. That's, I love this picture on the back of you. Yes. What, what's a moment from your childhood that still shapes how you like, handle pressure today? You know, there's a, there's a story that I, that I share in the book about my father who Emini here. I'm over 50 now, right? But when he, I don't know if I was 12, 14, maybe I got invited to play in this, on this team, in this competition outside of Philly. Like it was a road trip. And my father was like, no, you can't go. Like, that hurt me. Like it really hurt me. And I remembered it so vividly that for him to deny me that, 'cause it was one of the first times, but I'm 13, 14 years old, who, whose parents gonna let them somebody else take their child outta state?


Like, I wasn't thinking about that. I was solely thinking about basketball. But it was one of the, one of the, the experiences that drove me. Like, I didn't, I didn't like my father for that. Like, I didn't like him for the decision, parental decision that he made. But as I'm older now and reflecting on and writing a book, it is, I need conflict. I know that about myself, that I need conflict. Like everything can't be comfortable. Like if I have, you know, 10 people supporting me, you know, here I need about 10 to 12 people that's hating. Like, I, I need it Emini here. It helps me drives you. It drives me. Like, it, it, it drives me. That's why you said, I don't have a critic yet. I'm waiting for a critic for a book right now.


Right. So it's, it is, that is the ability, like, you know, we, we lost a Yukon this year. Like, you know, the credits are, are saying, I can't coach. I didn't understand that. That pissed me off so bad. I'm Like, that, that's what they say. But I'm like, okay, well, but, but, but again, everything that I've needed in my life, you know, failure, success happens to me. It's, and credits, it's uncommon. Like, but I know our loss this year will somehow help us. It, it will, it is. I'm not just relying on, on, on it helping us. I'm going to put action to it. So it means something. I loved when you said that in a, a postgame conference. You was like, I hope that they're crying. I hope that my players are crying.


I hope that it hurts, because that'll make them be better next Year. Yeah. Emini here, the, the most growth takes place when you're uncomfortable. The, the most, if you're comfortable all the time, And I, I, I've said this as well, like, parents really don't want their kids the feel what they felt like pain. And I'm like, I want them to feel a little pain. I want them to hurt. I want them to be uncomfortable. And I love them enough to allow them to, to sit in that space because, not for long, but they, they need to fight their, their way out of it. 'cause nothing's gonna be given to me. I, I don't like that place. I don't like to feel that. So I, I, I fight like hell to try to not feel that by prepping, by doing everything I need to do to not feel that it, it is almost like when you grow up in the projects and you grow up in poverty.


You, you don't want that anymore. Like, you don't want that. Once you've lived and you've, you know, earned a certain keep you, you wanna keep that because you, you wanna change generations in your, in your family. And I, I hope I'm able to do that. We're still kicking it with Dawn. Sta Charlemagne, you, you seem like you've always been a natural born leader, like throughout your whole life, even when you was a child. So it made me wonder if, if coaching never entered your life, where do you think your leadership would've shown up instead? Oh man, that's a hard question. Like, I'm competitive. I probably would, would've been a losing gambler, But trying like heck, like trying like, heck, I, I, I don't know. I Emini here. I I do, I love kids.


So my work would've been with kids. And I, I'm glad that coaching found me. Like, I'm glad somebody saw something in me that I, I didn't see in myself. Like, I didn't see coaches, I didn't wanna coach at all. And I don't know why, because I had great coaches. I had great people in my life that that challenged me, that were good at it. But when I, when I had coaching friends, the only thing they talked about were their teams and basketball. And I'm like, yeah, this is what I do every day. I I do this every day. Why would I wanna talk about it every day? Yeah. Why would I want my life consumed with it? And here I am 25 years later, like loving it. Like it's, I'm doing what I'm supposed to be doing.


And when you, when you're able to live out your passion, it's the most beautiful, liberating, and incredible experience. Like, I, I know my players really get something out of our relationship. They do. They get, they, they build character, they navigate life. But for me it's, I'm overjoyed when they graduate, I'm overjoyed on draft night. I'm overjoyed when they're able to, to see their hard work, produce what, what they want. Like even if they don't make it to the league, they're equipped with being successful with anything. Like, seriously, that does something to my heart. When, when young people were able to get what they're supposed to, You know, you, you talked about your players, you got a lot of success stories from your time coaching at the University of South Carolina.


But in the book, you make it no secret that Asia Wilson is your favorite. Well, Emini here. Emini here. Here's why. And I, And I don't, I, I've coached a lot of great players. Like Asia was the, the very first player that was the, the number one player in the country to decide she wanted to come play for us. And I know it was in her backyard. And, and we didn't, we, we didn't look like a national championship team. Like we never won a national champ. We had never been to the final four. So for her to trust us with that part of her career meant that she believed in us. She, she trusted us. She, she knew that we were gonna get her to where she needed to go as far as still being the number one draft pick, like four years later.


Like when someone, and it, it wasn't just her, it was her entire family believed in it. And it took some, at times them thinking, oh, did we make the right decision? Because she didn't, she started her first game and then she was terrible. Like scrub, like right Scrub, like is scrub fall. That's where that's fall. So I was like, I gotta, I gotta take you outta starting lineup. But I didn't even tell her that. I told her parents first and her mom, Eva was like, you sure? I'm like, You gonna have to trust me on this one. Like, you just gonna have to trust me. And she was like, all right. But at the end of her freshman year, she was national rookie of the year.


She was first team all SEC. She was ru rookie of the year. And the sec, like she got all the accolades coming off the bench. And when someone as, as a coach and leader and mentor, young people believe in you, like they really do. When that's reciprocated. 'cause I believed her. I knew that she was gonna be the one that takes us to that next level. When you're able to have the same synergy, you know, a Asia was, was hell to deal with, right? Because she's young. Like she, with the private school for like 12 years, all of her schooling was a private school. So she, she needed to be roughened up a little bit to get her ready for what she faces.


Like she faces the critics right now. But I know she can handle 'em because we, we took her through all of that. Like she's, she had dyslexia right throughout her college career. And I'm like, okay, you gonna read in front of the team every time we have a game? 'cause we have a, we have like a scripture reading and inspirational reading before every pre-game meal. And there's somebody that has to read it. So I was like, you you gonna read it? Took her or her senior year couldn't do it. The first, second or third her senior year, she read out loud. Hmm. And she had fun with it. She was like, y'all, this is alone. Y'all gonna have to bear with me. Like, it, it was that kind of liberation. So when she gave her entire self to me, the good, the bad, the ugly entire, you know, that's why I, I just have a really strong like, relationship with her.


Like, she could tell me anything. Like I'm non-judgmental. Like, young people won't wanna tell you everything because they think you're gonna judge them. I don't, I don't judge. Like there's nothing that any one of my current former future players can tell me that that's gonna rock me. That I haven't seen. Like everybody's been through. Like, there's no new problems, right? It's the same old recycle problems. So just give it here so you're not dealing with it longer than you need to. You Know, it's interesting, right? 'cause I, I was watching you either, you did Good Morning America to view Cola, all of that stuff like that. So you was working, but I still know you still the coach of the University of South Carolina. But I was like, oh, you know what, she'll be fine. 'cause she used to play ball and coach at the same time, which I found out about in the book.


That was insane. Six years. That's crazy. Six years Emini here. When I when I got into coaching, I was like, in my prime. So, you know, the, the, the ad at the time, he kept asking me like he was persistent. Like he, I'm like, no, no, I'm not interested. I'm, I'm playing in the WNBA, this is, and then he just kept asking. And then, then I ended up having to go meet with him because the final four was in Philly and I'm from Philly. He knew I was gonna be there. So I went and sat down with him and he asked me two questions. He was like, can you lead? Did you do your research? Like, did you like? And I was like, yeah, I, I basically was the, the captain on every team that I played on, right?


And then he was like, can you turn Temple Women's basketball program around? And I was like, oh, is that a challenge? Like, is that a really a challenge because I'm drawing the challenges? And I never answered the question. I don't even think I answered the question. He was like, Hey, can you just come down the hall and, and meet some people? So I was like, okay, I'm here. He took me in this conference room, sat me at the head of the table and there were like 10 to 12 people sitting around this table. And they're asking me questions like, where do you see yourself in five years? I'm like, playing in the WNBA. And they were like, do you, do you ever see yourself coaching? And I was like, no. Like y'all, they were interviewing me. I was on a job interview. Mm. And I didn't know. We Went from normal life, healthy child to acute lymphoblastic leukemia or a B cell, a LL.


The St. Jude team came up to get CJ via ambulance. It was a little bit of a scary drive. There was a time where the storms were really heavy. Shortly after that, I noticed a rainbow. It meant that there was hope. We were driving into hope. St. Jude gave us a hope that we didn't know was possible. I truly can't even imagine not having St. Jude in our lives. I knew that it was really bad And I had a lot of questions, but I knew that everything was gonna be okay. St. Jude saved everything that matters to us. I don't know that we'd have CJ without them. I am beyond grateful. My hopes are I could work with St. Jude. To have hope is to have St. Jude to have hope is to have your child healthy.


And we have that because of St. Jude.


You can help kids fight childhood cancer. Please become a St. Jude partner in Hope today by visiting music gives.org.


This podcast is sponsored by Talkspace May is Mental Health Awareness Month. And Talkspace, the leading virtual therapy provider is telling everyone, let's face it in therapy. By talking or texting with a supportive licensed therapist at Talkspace, you can face whatever is holding you back. Whether it's mental health symptoms, relationship drama, past trauma, bad habits, or another challenge that you need support to work through, it's easy to sign up. Just go to talkspace.com and you'll be paired with a provider, typically within 48 hours. And because you'll meet your therapist online, you don't have to take time off work or arrange childcare. You'll meet on your schedule. Plus Talkspace is in network with most major insurers. And most insured members have a $0 copay. Make your mental health a priority and start today. If you're not covered by insurance, get $80 off your first month with Talkspace when you go to talkspace.com and enter promo code space 80. That's SPA CCE eight zero. To match with a licensed therapist today. Go to talkspace.com and enter promo code space 80.


I have a question for you And I want you to be honest with me. How are you? It's a really hard question to ask. It's a harder one to answer, but taking care of our mental wellbeing has never been more important. All of May's mental Health Awareness Month and on the psychology of your twenties podcast, we are taking a vulnerable look at why mental health is so hard to talk about and all the science and psychology behind some of life's hardest moments and transitions. Prepare for our conversations to go deep. Everything from grief to heartbreak, career burnout, anxiety, all of the things that you would only talk about with your closest friends. I spent the majority of my teenage years and my twenties just feeling absolutely terrified.


I had a panic attack on a conference call Knowing that she had six months to live. I was no longer pretending that this was my best friend. So this mental Health Awareness month, take that extra bit of care of your self and your brain. Listen to the psychology of your twenties on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts. Hi, I am Radhi DeLuca And I am the host of a really Good Cry podcast. And I had the opportunity to talk to Davy Brown. Davy Brown is one of the most sought after wellness educators. And through her signature blend of advanced meditation, breath work, metaphysical physiology, spiritual psychology, and holistic trauma-informed facilitation.


Davy has touched the lives of countless students, including renowned artists, athletes and executives of global corporations. But anything can be used as a tool of avoidance with women. Any kind of thing where there might be this underlying edge of self-sacrifice as martyrdom, if you're never filling, you're telling yourself a story and you're actually avoiding what you should be doing, your life at the end of it is still gonna be a sum of your experiences. And so you gotta get in, you gotta get your hands dirty. Listen to a really good cry on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts.


'cause all my job interviews were tryouts like basketball, like physical tryouts. Needless to say, I took the job two weeks later. They, they just agreed to allow me to continue to play and coach. So I was, I was in like basketball utopia because I, I, I was coaching And I, I'm actually still able to express myself on the court 'cause I wasn't ready to hang up my shoes. I was still very much a player. And I think that allowed me to play a little bit longer than I wanted to. And that allowed me to keep staying fresh with what was up with, with teaching young people because they were more enthralled with me playing.


'cause that's what they wanted. Like I was living their dream right before their very eyes. And I, I think it just helped me be a better coach, be a, a more understanding coach because I was a player receiving the information from a coach. And I, I just, it helped the dynamics of, of what I was doing. I was still kicking it with Dawn Stanley. A new book, uncommon Favor is out right now. Basketball in North Philly. My mother and the life lessons I learned from all three. Now I wanted to ask about your father, right? You mentioned your father earlier and you said your relationship wasn't that great, but you said it got better over the years. Do you understand some of the things that your father was trying to implement in you as a young girl? 'cause they said that your father looked at women's basketball and felt there wasn't too many opportunities and didn't know if you could sustain at that time.


And do you wish that you kind of put yourself in his mentality back then as a child? 'cause even with the name of the book, it says Basketball North Philly, my mother, but not my father. So explain that a little me, But not my father saying I know that Catch, you know, I think, I think even the one like family members that are, that are closest to you. Yes. I thought, I I yes. I I should have had had a much more mature outlook on, on, on that relationship. Now that you can reflect on it now that you can see. 'cause I, I, I held that And I, you know, if you could hear that, I still hold that instance. But when you, when you're coaching right, you, you come into a, a, a situation where you hurt a player.


Like you hurt that player. That was like probably 12 years ago. I hurt that player. Like, it, it, it drives me to not hurt other players And I wasn't mature enough or savvy enough to handle that at 12 or 13. So I, I do think it's, it's helped me be a better coach. It helps me be a better person to, to really like, I, again, I, I didn't talk about things. I held that for my father. Probably didn't, probably doesn't. He, he's, he's been, he's been dead and gone since 2001. Like, I don't even think he really knew how much that hurt me, but also used that to, to navigate the noses. Like I, I handle noses a lot better because of that.


I love the respect, the Power of Habits chapter. And in that chapter you speak extremely highly of South Carolina's own Malaysia for Walla. And and you even refer to her as a younger savvier version of you. You say, this is a quote I heard from so many adults who gave their own parents hell only to see their teenagers return the favor. Now it's my turn in the barrel. So when I see you had, when I read that And I was like, damn, she had so much love from Malaysia. What was your initial reaction when she decided to enter the portal and was it surprising to you? Su surprising? No, I think, you know, being in this space, you become to expect the unexpected, right? I still have much love for my like much love.


Like I want her happy. She and her mom came in, she said, I think I'm going to get into the transcript portal. So I'm like, okay, well you think or you know. And she said, I know. And I said, well, I only want you happy. Like, I really do only want our players happy, whether that's that's with us or, or somewhere else. Just be happy. And I I I told her, don't look back. I know it's probably gonna be hard to not look back to see, you know, you leaving your hometown and all that. I said don't look back like you made this decision. Just go forward with it and, and don't look back. You're always gonna be a game cock. You are always gonna be welcomed here. I wish her the, the best. And when I say that, people probably think, oh nah. But I do like, I, I really do like, 'cause I am what's for us is for us, what's not is what's not.


Let's keep moving. I don't stay in despair. I don't stay in those spaces for very long. I'm like, okay, we gotta get recruiting. We gotta get back into this portal to see who we can get to help us. I I think she's gonna have a, a promising career. I do think she's a generational talent that will never leave. Like she does things on the basketball court that I've never seen a woman do. And she's, she'll continue to do that and will continue to, to be happy for her. Except the one or two times that we have to play them. Like, it, it is, it is on like, it's just, she's gonna be super competitive against us. We're gonna, we're gonna wanna win. And it's, it is gonna be a pride thing that comes with just being a competitor.


And we got much love for her and her family. Now this, this has nothing to do with the book, but I wanted to ask this. We talking about players, you know, WNBA has has taken a huge jump in the last couple of years. And I love it. My daughters love it. My Sonos. Love it. What do you think, what's going on in the WNBA with, it seems like they're pitting, you know, Kaitlyn Clark against Angel Reese, right? Kind of what they did in NBA back in the day. Yeah, but it was more teams, right? I guess not, maybe not teams, it was magic versus birds. This one versus that one. But this one, it just seems like, it seems very personable. So what are your thoughts, like even the other day with that foul and they called it a flagrant foul. I don't necessarily agree, but what are your thoughts on it? Well, I think the officiating has a hard job. That's one. The decipher whether or not that's a flagrant one or not hard job.


And I do think they understand the dynamics of Angel and Kaitlyn. I, I do, I think it's great for our game. Fantastic. Because it's like, yeah, like it's a sport. Treat us like a sport. Don't treat us anything other than being a sport. It happens in every sport. Soccer, basketball, football, it happens in every sport. So let it be, I'm going to, I'm gonna take the lead of Angel and Caitlin and that lead is, they said it was a, it was a foul. The, the officials got it right. We're moving on. That's what I'm ta I'm gonna take their lead. Okay. I think is, it pulls people in. I I do think there are new fans that haven't watched our game and they really don't know.


So they only, they're only singly focused on Caitlyn, that one part. Right? Right. So when you're that, and that's, that's their idol. That's who attracts them. But I just hope that they'll open their eyes to the rest of the talent that is there. Like the product. The product is incredible. Like, and it's in high demand. We, we played Caitlin in the national championship last year, right? 20 million. It topped off at whatever it topped off at the most. I know they saw us, like I know they saw us, right? I know they saw us have an undefeated season. I know they saw Camilla Cardozo. I, I know they saw Ashlyn Wat I know they saw Tessa Johnson have a incredible care career or day.


I know they saw Malaysia do some incredible things. Like so, so open your eyes up to seeing out outside of Caitlyn. Well, not even outside included. 'cause she's a part of a part of it. All right. So, you know, I I'm looking forward forward to the next time they play too. I'm gonna be glued in just like everybody else. Yes. I I wanna go back to that, that, that chapter of re respect the power of habits, right? When you talk about Malaysia, it is with such reverence, how do you balance disappointment as a coach with support for somebody like her who just wanted to make a decision for herself. If a young person is gonna speak on what, what what they deem is good for them, that's half the battle. Like half the battle is to be able to speak up. And you know how hard it was for her to do that.


Like really hard, really hard. So I understand that dynamics of her decision making. And then it's like, okay, well what do he do with it? Like, if she was my player and there was a chance for her to wanna come back, or if she decided that this is, that that's not what she wanted to do. I, I was gonna talk to her about why, why did it, why did it come to that? What makes you think this isn't a place for what, whatever she said we would, we would go from there. I thought Malaysia, Malaysia was getting better. Like, I, I really, I saw a whole lot of growth on and off the court to, to where unless she was gonna get the the best of her now, like we went through the, you know, we went through the, the hard part of just kind of smoothing some rough edges and getting her to create good habits.


Like, like I do think habits are the the thing that allows you to elevate, right? I, I do. So I think, I think what we've given her and what she's given us will allow her to, to have much better days, much more consistent days than than she had with us at her next stop. Well, Thank you Don. New book Uncommon Favor Basketball North Philly, my mother and the life lessons I learned from all three is available everywhere. You buy books now. That's right. Go get it. You are guaranteed to learn something. That's right. You are an icon Live. And Don, we appreciate your presence on this earth. We thank God for you. Thank you. And listen, I want everybody to remember that today Don Staley will be at the Barnes and Noble fifth Avenue in New York City. If you are in New York City, you can go see Don Staley at Barnes and Noble.


1:00 PM today, 5 5 5 fifth Avenue in New York. Go get a copy of Uncommon Favor signed. Don, thank you again. Thank You. Absolutely. Thank you. Appreciate Y Sean Sta it's The Breakfast Club. Good morning. It's the world's most dangerous morning show. The Breakfast Club Charlamagne to God. Jess, Hilarious. DJ Envy is off salute to Don Staley for pulling up, man. Well make sure you check out Don Staley today at the Barnes and Noble on Fifth Avenue at 1:00 PM She'll be there signing copies of her book Uncommon Favor. Why You didn't tell me she came in here looking for me. She did. Ain't the first thing she said was, I need my Diddy updates. Where's Lauren? She say that say Don almost make me crying. And told me that on the podcast she did say I love her And it's time for the latest for Lauren Lauren.


She gets them from somebody that knows somebody. Well, she gets the details. I'm the home girl that knows a little bit about everything and She be having the latest on Lord the latest with Lauren la Sometimes she sometimes she have details, sometimes she have a little bit of everything. What's the latest on The Breakfast Club? Talk To me now. Charlamagne, in the last hour you asked me a question about Diddy, the, the alleged guns that they found or they found them, but that they're alleging are his they ar fifteens and how that relates to the indictment. So I found the exact answer to that. So the special agent Gerard Gannon, that was talking about the ar fifteens is talking about this because in the indictment they're trying to say that Diddy himself allegedly were brandish firearms to intimidate others.


So it is to the gist of what I was mentioning to you, but I wanted to make sure I answered that. Now, moving on and other court things or trying to get back to court things, Tory Lanes, Tory Lanez has had the people up in arms these last couple weeks after he was stabbed 14 times because there are now representatives and different people that are pushing for him to be released. So there is a woman, her name is Rep Luna, she's from Florida's, Anna Paulina Luna of Florida's 13th District. She is calling for Tory Lane's Freedom. And she sat down with Chris Omo on News Nation and had a conversation about this. Let's take a listen. This case was actually initially flagged for me by Amber Rose. And the reason why I took a particular interest in it is because of the fact that they actually had evidence that they presented to me in my office that actually disprove the conviction.


So as you stated earlier, that 0.01% of DNA, they actually found four people's DNA on that firearm. None of which was Tory's. Not to mention there was zero fingerprints on the actual magazine. And also too, as you said, 0.01% chance also, there's been ring footage that's been obtained that actually disproves the whole dance. Megan, I actually reached out today to Gavin Newsom's office and we are requesting an emergency meeting. So Luna, who did it? You know Chris, that's not for me to weigh in and that's definitely for the judge and the jury. But what I will tell you is based on the evidence that we have, the evidence that we have says that he wasn't the guy. What's the evidence they have now? You said the ring camera.


She said the ring camera. She said that she talked about the DNA, that there were four people's, four people's DNA found on the gun. People Knew that, that's why it was inconclusive. Yeah. And I think that when people talk about this whole DNA thing, they need to understand that inconclusive means that yeah, they weren't able to fully rule him Emini here. They, they weren't able to fully say he a hundred percent had the gun, but they weren't able to rule him out either. So it doesn't make it that he didn't have it, it leaves it open. It's inconclusive. Yeah. I don't remember them saying four people though. I just remember 'em saying it was a male and a female. Yeah, she, she's saying for, she said a lot of things because even that ring camera thing there, they had an eye witness that testified about, you know, different things as well too.


There's a lot of things that you can debunk in what she's saying or, or, or throw information back at what she's saying. But I think overall a judge ruled that Torry lanes was guilty and until it is back in front of a judge and there's anything else that is said, who are we to be making me thee stallion's life horrible because of what's happening, whether, regardless of how you feel, I think it should be left to a court. Now there's a TikTok or online who said the just oh Lord of what I just said. Now look, so this TikTok her, she went online and she's like, look, y'all out here arguing about this Tor Lane thing and y'all, and she threw this at toy's team. She said, take it to a judge. Don't bring it to us online. Don't have press conferences. Take it to a judge. It's that simple. And I said this earlier this week, like, you know, we're acting like this.


Didn't go through a court of law, like it was a due process. It was weeks and weeks of testimony. It was evidence that was presented. I don't understand how all of that can happen. But then one random person in a car says, I overheard somebody say something and everybody just rushes to just, you know, act like what happened in court isn't true. I, and by the way, I don I wasn't there, so I don't know what happened. I'm just telling you that this is what played out in court. And Then he just saying, this is what he heard. He just now said this is What he heard. And he heard all of this while the trial was going on. Why didn't you say something then? Right. Well, okay, so CSA commented, the reason why this TikTok is video is kind of everywhere right now is because SSA came in and commented in defense of Meg, the stallion.


She said the density in response to the video. She said, I'm actually so shocked and so is in all caps at the amount of people fully comfortable with bullying a woman that's proven to be a victim of assault, like out loud where other people can see you. Like you finna be stupid out loud. And she capitalized out loud. So I just don't understand how all the evidence and testimony that happened in a court of law weighs less than just some guy who said, I overheard her say X, Y and ZI don't understand why people's brains work like that. I'd rather listen to this person who said they overheard something but didn't feel like it was urgent enough to say it while the trial was happening. But now he speaks out and you just agree with him as opposed to everything you hear in court.


I'd rather you just shut up and not say nothing and not be on any side. I just, it just, it makes no sense. It only makes sense online. Could it be Tory got stabbed and he, and he was like, you know what, this is going too far. Let me say what I heard four or five years ago. But you should have said it while the trial was happening. But That's what I'm saying though. Well, he's alleging that he was put in a bad position by his attorneys at that time and he couldn't. And who got This ring? Who house got the ring camera footage? I'm not for sure. That's my people are just saying Stuff. I'm not, it's just, it's all kinds like do people know where they was? Like where, where they was at? Where this, where this whole thing started? Yeah, they were outside of a a outside of the party. It was like four 30 in the morning.


They were, they were in a place. I know, but whose house is it out there? Whose house it was? And if that lady saw ring camera footage, where is the footage? Like people just be throwing stuff online and folks just run towards it and gravitate towards it and repeat it and use it to justify how they feel. Because Apparently like they was at a, allegedly they were at a big celebrity's house. Yeah. And then having fun. We had one of the Jenners and then they left Kylie. Yeah, look, I don't know. I just, all I'm saying is, is that if Tory feels like he was wrong, he can take it to court that it's his right to do so. But I think, how do you Take it? I think it to court how Emini Here, why do You, were in court, They can court, they can attempt. They've been attempting. They write letters to the judges. There's things that you can do to attempt to get a judge to reconsider.


Just do that. But I think people's main thing is, is like, until that's done, please let's, let's let's back off of making a person's life miserable because all we got right now is what was ruled on and we gonna leave it there. But speaking of people online and rulings, why me insert himself in this Diddy stuff? Yes. I just saw him I day y'all stop, stop talking about me. Stop saying this. What do you mean Meek inserted himself in Diddy? I Don't like how you said that. He did not say shit. Did not, did it Just say whatcha talking about he No, not in Diddy, but in the Diddy stuff. So he tweeted a couple days and Diddy don't get, Diddy don't get bending. He did a bending. So ain't nobody saying I don't believe that me tweeted just to put, just to put on the, on public record the, no, he had tweeted something else before this.


He was talking about, he was talking about the the little rod guy or whatever, right? But then he, he goes to clarify what he actually saw at Diddy parties. He said the craziest thing he seen at a puff party is Coke vibes. And that's going on at all these parties. I'm from North Philly. I had millions since I was 23. I don't even wanna be addicted to weed. Not judging, but I see it different. His original tweet said in the midst of the diddy, in the midst of Diddy on federal trial, I wanna bring back up that little rod. And his lawsuit was dropped. He never said my name in these blogs amplified that whole agenda against me. My culture don't believe it, but it's an attack on my brand. I wanna get to the bottom of it. So who said What happened? Now Remember, remember they brought, he said remember they brought, brought Meek into it. So stop saying, remember they said the rapper from Philly originally in some of the civil officers.


So Meek Just volunteered this information. Yeah. He is not the only rapper from Philly. He was understand. No, he just was on Twitter or So he took this meek guys. He took the Don't understand why. Why? Yeah. I wouldn't wanna, like, why I wouldn't wanna keep bringing myself back up into this. Nobody Was talking about Meek in this situation. Did anybody talk about Meek and court? No. No, not Yet. Nobody talking about you Meek y But Tam Meek's defense in the beginning when them lawsuits dropped and they was mentioning the rapper and all that, they people was like, meek, meek, Meek, meek. That feel like a, that like years ago ago. Yeah. That feels like years. But nobody care. Nobody thinking about you Meek that hold up. Wait a minute. And then he did. Y thought I was finished. Yeah. He was like, and we did not dress her like, yo, we wasn't twinning.


I got my outfit First. You know what it is when you and we about, we gotta go to dark here today. But you know what it is when you are at home on your phone and your, your timeline is constantly filled with pictures of you and dressed alike and people saying things about you and Didi, you think the Whole World is talking about it. That's your small bubble. Meek. No. I promise you nobody was thinking that. My brother. I Just don't want him to insert himself in this. No, Please. We gotta wrap up. Don't, don't. Donkey today is up next. It's the world's most dangerous morning show. The Breakfast Club. The Breakfast Club. Your execution on the donkey of the day is something to go.


We read, they gave me Donkey of the Day And I deserve to. You need to know they well you need to tell them. I am. Did you have the voice? Tell them. Tell, tell them. Tell tell. It's time for Donkey of the Day. It's a read, but you're so good at it. You trying to be a fake ass charlamagne there only one charlamagne involved. Damn Charlamagne. Who you give Dusty Day too. Now You know. Sexy red. Lemme drink some water. Hmm? You be drinking the hell outta that water. Mm, I do. Donkey today for Thursday, May 22nd goes to Elias Rodriguez. Elias is in his early thirties and he is the alleged killer of two staff members of Israel's embassy in Washington. DC. Let's go to NC news for the report, please.


Overnight a deadly shooting in Washington C Tonight A heinous crime was committed. A gunman opening fire at the Capitol Jewish Museum killing two staff members of the Israeli Embassy. New video showing the suspect being detained, shouting pro-Palestinian messages. Three. Freak out. Police say the shooting happened shortly after 9:00 PM at a museum event hosted by the American Jewish Committee. The suspect was observed pacing back and forth outside of the museum. He approached a group of four people, produced a handgun and opened fire. The Suspect identified his 30-year-old Elias Rodriguez from Chicago, then entered the museum and was detained by event security.


According to authorities Israel, identifying the victims as Yarin Leki and Sarah Lynn Milgram, a young couple who are about to become engaged. The young man purchased a ring this week with the intention of proposing to his girlfriend next week in Jerusalem. Mm. Now this isn't political for me. This is about humanity. Okay? I know that Israeli versus Palestinian conflict is one of the most intense debates in The World today and has been for thousands of years. I am fully aware that Elias shouted, free Palestine, free Palestine, while in police custody and implied that he committed the shooting. This is definitely driven by what is currently happening in Palestine since October 7th, 53,655 Palestinians have been killed in Gaza according to the Gaza Health Ministry.


And those numbers may be under reported 'cause thousands of bodies have believed to be buried under rubble. I understand all of that. But what I want us to understand is this is why you can't ignore what's going on in the rest of The World. What's going on in the rest of The World impacts us here. Whether we are aware of what's going on or not. Okay? I was in my office this morning And I looked at this couple, Sarah and Yen, Sarah Milgram and Yen Lesinski, I think it is. I was watching them this morning And I read that they were on a night out and they were about to get engaged and it just simply hurt my feelings. Okay? I don't care what their race is, their ethnicity. All I saw was two humans who became casualties of a system that is failing us all.


Just like all those kids and innocent people being killed in Gaza are casualties of a failed system. And it doesn't seem like it's gonna be an intuit anytime soon, okay? People are just gonna be out here getting it back in blood eye for an eye. And I personally don't want to live in a world like that, even though we already do. Okay? We are already in that world because any of us can be casualties of a system. Another country could send a nuclear weapon over here right now and kill us all because they don't like our government, because they don't like our system. When most people in America don't even like our government, don't like our system, but we become casualties of it because we are part of the processes and the structures and policies of this country whether we want to be or not.


And that's what Emini here when I see this couple, okay? That Elia Rodriguez gunned down. He don't know what they was on. Okay? For all he knows, they might have worked at Israel's embassy and absolutely disagreed with how Israel is handling Gaza. We don't know. But that's why Martin Luther King Jr. Said, an injustice anywhere is a threat to justice everywhere. The same empathy I have for the innocent people and children being killed in Gaza is the empathy I have for this couple. Sarah and Yaron, okay? Same empathy I have for the people who got killed at the concert on October 7th. That could be any of us at any given time. They was just a couple on a night out and got gunned down. I don't know about y'all, but because of all of these mass shootings that happened in this country, the way my anxiety is set up when I'm out, I think about stuff like this.


Okay? If you don't, God bless you, all right? But situations like this are my worst nightmare. You just out with your lady and somebody shoots and kills you. I'm not with that. I don't respect it. I don't condone it. I don't like seeing innocent people being killed. Meanwhile, the puppet masters pulling the strings are highly protected. Okay? Them and their families don't have to worry about this stuff nearly as much as we do. Okay? Don't get me wrong, I know that people in charge of these systems can get it too. But we, the people have way less protection than they do. I tell y'all all the time on this devil damn radio, every day of our lives we are trying to avoid crazy. Okay? Do you understand how civilized we are as a society? I know it don't seem like that, but think about it.


Hundreds of millions of people interact every day. And for the most part, we mind our business, okay? Because all it takes is one guy like Alliance Rodriguez to ruin all our days. Okay? We need to really pat ourselves on the back sometime, and thank God that more of us aren't snapping Elias. I understand why he snapped, but I disagree with innocent people getting killed because of his snapping. What Elias did is in activism, it's terrorism. And any of us could be the victim of that terrorism. And if the reports are correct, this couple, Sarah and Yaron was attending an event to discuss humanitarian responses in the Middle East and North Africa.


Damn. So they was trying to build bridges, not burn them. Okay? We can't be like this as a society. We can't ignore what happened to this couple in dc. We can't ignore what's happening to innocent people in Gaza. If you don't have empathy for it all, I don't wanna talk to you, okay? 'cause violence begets violence, hatred breeds more hatred. And if we allow our grief and anger to justify targeting innocent people, whether in the name of Palestine or Israel, then we lose our humanity. Okay? This shooting in DC should be a reminder that the conflicts overseas have real consequences here at home. And this is why we all should be demanding an end to violence on both sides. Okay? Shared humanity has to prevail over division.


Compassion gotta outweigh rage. Commitment to peace has to be louder than the voice of hate. Please give Elias Rodriguez the biggest hee-haw. Just my thoughts, just the way I'm feeling at the time. I agree. We so as people. Yeah. Well, let's not say that. What's sad? Let's have some, let's have some faith in a higher power. Okay? All of this has to be happening for a reason. Okay? Just sad. And in some way, we have to trust the process as disgusting as the process is. Yeah. You know? Yeah. Let's hope for better days we have Jess fix my mess. Coming up next, right? Jess? Yes. Because don't, don't do that. This does not work because it don't work on me.


Is that a penis piece? I bought those. Yes. Oh my God. I just lifted my, oh my God. Sorry. Am I allowed to say that? Yes, you can. Oh, but I bought that penis laser. Okay. I got several. You want, I know you did grow, but you are not nobody that was all over your face. Other genders can't use it on each other. That's Not right. Here's a tip from iHeartRadio Earth to help protect our planet. Nearly 30% of household water goes to lawn and garden care. To save money on your summer water bill. Try using a rain barrel to collect and store water for when you need it most, and provide an ample supply of water for gardens, flower pots, and car washing, brought to you by iHeartRadio Earth and the National Environmental Education Foundation. To find more tips for smarter sustainable living, or to take action in your own community, visit iheartradio.com/earth.


This podcast is sponsored by Talkspace May is Mental Health Awareness Month in Talkspace, the leading virtual therapy provider is telling everyone, let's face it in therapy. By talking or texting with a supportive licensed therapist at Talkspace, you can face whatever is holding you back. Whether it's mental health symptoms, relationship drama, past trauma, bad habits, or another challenge that you need support to work through, it's easy to sign up. Just go to talkspace.com and you'll be paired with a provider, typically within 48 hours. And because you'll meet your therapist online, you don't have to take time off work or arrange childcare. You'll meet on your schedule. Plus, Talkspace is in network with most major insurers. And most insured members have a $0 copay. Make your mental health a priority and start today. If you're not covered by insurance, get $80 off your first month with Talkspace when you go to talkspace.com and enter promo code space 80. That's SPA CE eight zero. To match with a licensed therapist today, go to talkspace.com and enter promo code space 80.


I have a question for you And I want you to be honest with me. How are you? It's a really hard question to ask. It's a harder one to answer, but taking care of our mental wellbeing has never been more important. All of May's Mental Health Awareness Month and on the psychology of your twenties podcast, we are taking a vulnerable look at why mental health is so hard to talk about and all the science and psychology behind some of life's hardest moments and transitions. Prepare for our conversations to go deep. Everything from grief to heartbreak, career burnout, anxiety, all of the things that you would only talk about with your closest friends. I spent the majority of my teenage years and my twenties just feeling absolutely terrified.


I Had a panic attack on a conference call Knowing that she had six months to live. I was no longer pretending that this was my best friend. So this mental Health Awareness month, take that extra bit of care of yourself and your brain. Listen to the psychology of your twenties on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts. Hi, I am Radhi DeLuca And I am the host of a really good cry podcast. And I had the opportunity to talk to Davy Brown. Davy Brown is one of the most sought after wellness educators. And through her signature blend of advanced meditation, breath work, metaphysical physiology, spiritual psychology, and her holistic trauma-informed facilitation, Davy has touched the lives of countless students, including renowned artists, athletes, and executives of global corporations.


But anything can be used as a tool of avoidance with women. Any kind of thing where there might be this underlying edge of self-sacrifice as martyrdom. If you're never filling, you're telling yourself a story and you're actually avoiding what you should be doing, your life at the end of it is still gonna be a sum of your experiences. And so you gotta get in, you gotta get your hands dirty. Listen to a really good cry on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts. Slap this is harassment. Slap him with the pin. Men can only do it to other men. Why? Because he can Only, it's a skinny one I don't like. Well, Charlotte's a thick and the curb one, they said the thick.


Take the, oh my God. It's right on the side of your face. Just Fix my, yeah, just fix my Mexican mess. +1 800-585-1051. If you want, call up this woman who's currently playing with a penis laser to fix your mess. Your mouth is moving so much with that penis. You know what That's gonna be said at the Diddy trial today? I don't know in what context, but I guarantee you it's gonna be said at the Diddy trial and you've been going there too much. Yeah, it's consuming you. That's why you're talking like that. Oh My. It's The Breakfast Club. God. The Breakfast Club. Help me. It's the real deal. Help me, help me. Oh my God. I'm all up in your mess. I'm gonna fix it. Fix it, fix it, fix it.


Just go fix your mess because my advice is real good morning. Who's this? What's up? What's up Jack? How you doing? Quick question. What's Up Emini here, y'all. Was y'all playing with lasers and all that stuff? So it just, Okay. What? What's wrong? I just wanted to know as a man, is six inches with girth a good thing? Or is that too small? No, no. I don't think it is. But Emini here, I can't speak for every woman. Some women like for their walls to be torn down. Some women like to still have their walls when they're done a session. I am one of those who need my walls And I want them, I don't want them to be torn down. So six a six inch girthy is not bad. I actually like that.


That's act that actually puts you a little bit above average. 'cause a lot of people got six inches. Okay. But no girth is skinny like a pencil and a pencil shop Word. That's what I heard you say. You the skinny. So I was just like, okay. Yes, But I don't like asking females that stuff. But why We are the ones To ask. We are the ones to ask. Would you like to ask command? Who else you gonna ask? How You know? You talking about what, how you know, you not talking about Talking about booie. Exactly. He not, this is not even your segment. He not talking about no ass. Tell him stop. You Always wanna put stuff. Gosh. Okay. You know this Diddy trial gotten very spicy, sir, but yes, yes. No. Six inch girth is great.


Okay, thank you. No problem. Everybody. I hear that right? Yep. For the people in the back, the girthy six inches are, are great. You just turn to a room full of minutes. Say, Hey everybody. Y'all hit that. Shut up. Shut up. You make day. I'm Yo, thank you. You take that, that girthy six Inches and you Going and make some baby. All it is just fix my mess. If you want just to fix your mess, reach out and touch her right now. 1 805 8 5 1 0 5 1. She's not an expert in anything. Okay? But she does, she has had some experiences. Okay. And don't tell nobody to reach out and touch me right now. So yeah. So say reach out and touch her right now.


Like first of all, ew, reach and touch me. It's The Breakfast Club. Ask about Me relationship problems. Ask about me. You need to beat your coworkers ass. Ask about me. Your coworker need to beat your ass. Call it up, Dr. Jess. And I'm here to fix your mess. Fix your mask. It's getting very much messy. Let me fix this. Good morning, Jess. Good morning honey. How you doing? What's wrong Mr. Boy, love you from the Bronx. Love. I'm getting a lot of dms saying I fit the criteria. I wanna clear the air. No, I wa I'm not a dancer, I'm just Mr. 13 and a half. But everybody's saying, oh love you fit the criteria of what they're talking about that didn't party or woo woo woo.


No, it wasn't me. I'm just clear the air. Judge, Love you. You got 13 inches And a half, judge, Don't forget the half. 13 and a half inches. And I might pull up on you or you gonna be in my second home for you tomorrow. I might pull up on you guys. I don't need you to pull up on me walking on three legs. I do. Yeah. I do not need no kickstand. You pulling up on me. I ain't, nah, I'm good. I'm married. I'm straight. I don't need to head, I don't need wanna see nothing like that around me. I I can't even, I don, first of all, I've never even thought about what a 13 and a half inch pole would look like. And I, I, I want you to stay far away from me. Melo Emini here. Lovey. I'm sorry. Google And Lauren Because we happy We family, but damn, like I, no, that don't run in my family.


Nah, you what? Did you, did you have surgery? What have you been taking? Did you, what happened? Did you have a penal enlargement? Like why the hell are you walking around with 14, almost 14 inches of me? I tried to look it up and it says there's no images that match topic and you insert that. Oh, What you want me send you an image for it? No, no, no, no. Send it to Jess. This is her mess. No, no, no, no. This ain't my mess. S that, that's just a mess. Like, who are you entering? Like do you have a girlfriend? My wife is ta We'll talk about that later. Mm. Your wife. Your wife is who? Teslin. Thanks. Oh, y yeah. Okay. Nah, nah, there's no way that sound, that sounds dangerous. How can I fix your mess up?


You Can, you can fix my mess by, by not judging me. I'm sorry. My problem. I'm being alienated my whole life, dad. Nah, You sound like you gotta have sex with like elephants, like animals. You gotta, you got a penis for animals. Like, no woman can really even sustain those indus know those injuries after that. Like that's, that's different. I, I know you've never ever entered your whole penis into somebody ever. Not ever. There was one that got close to it. That's, that's dangerous. Huh? There's one that got closest. She called me the walk changer. The what? The renovator Walk Changer. The walk changer. The Renovator, The er.


That would be my name if I had a 13 and a half inch penis. The renovator. The renovator. Yes. Why could you come and just knocking things down renovate Walls? Yes. That's crazy. Nah, that sound like it hurt. Nah, the paraplegic crew. That's, that's what you, you need to deal with the people who can't even fill nothing below they weights. That's crazy. Have A good day. Lovey. Thank you for calling, Sir. Thank you Lovie. I love my breakfast for family. We appreciate you Brother. Love you, man. That is scary. All right. I keep looking your lips then. That's it. Because I got these retainers in. You know what though? I want to tell people something. Smell your retainer every morning. No. That Keeps you humble. It keeps you humble. It keeps you humble. More than that. Brush it every morning. Don't smell it. Yes, please.


Just straight brush it. Yo, please. 'cause people be popping back in their mouth. No, I know something. Charlamagne don't wash your hair. I know it. Every morning you can tell. No, because he, I Wash mine with hand soap. I You not supposed to use toothpaste. You not Supposed to use use hand soap neither. What you supposed to use? Bleach. You so bleach. Lauren. I don't have them. Okay, so I'm trying to figure out what are you, if you can't use hand soap and you can't use toothpaste, what do you use? No, just, just brush him with your toothpaste and don't listen to him. Just brush him with your toothpaste. Don't use no hand soap. Nothing. Your mouth hands soap. If be having like a smell to it. Nah, he don't even wash his hands at he blow his nose. You're a liar. I don really expect for him to wash his hands, wash his retainers in the morning with hands. So please. I can't believe there's don't hand soap in the house.


People who Don't. I bet you won't smell your retainer tomorrow morning. I won't. We got the latest from Lauren coming up next. We do. Y'all are so nasty. Kim Kardashian has finally graduated from law school after six years and we gonna, we gonna talk about it a bit. All right. It's The Breakfast Club. The Breakfast Club. Yes. It's the world's most dangerous morning show. The Breakfast Club Charlamagne. Tha god Jess. Hilarious. DJ Envy is off today, but it is time for the latest with Lauren. Lauren Becoming a straight face Baby. She gets them from somebody that knows somebody well, she gets the details. I'm the home girl that knows a little bit about everything and She be having the latest on this, the latest when Lauren la fact sometimes she have details.


Sometimes she have a little bit of everything. What was The latest On The Breakfast Club? Talk to me. Kim Kardashian has finally graduated law school after six years. So you guys excited? Yay. Yeah. Emini Here. Yes, she has been friend. You know Fran of brothers, so that's great. She's been, she's been paying a big role in freeing brothers, so that's great. And Freeing. Brothers. You got that. The ERS when you talk about Kim. Yes, absolutely. A lot of people don't Emini here. I think it's a great thing that she did it and yes, she has been working a lot. You got the penis on my face. I'm so, no, not only your face, it's on your jacket. A I'm so shocked that it's on you like this. You don't let the penis to crack you with the Diddy. Try, don't let it distract you here. It don't Strike me in life and don't strike me anywhere.


I'm focused, man. That's right. So Kim Kardashian graduated after six years. She, it took her a little minute because of COVID and her schedule. And p she gets a lot of like flack for it. Yeah. People come at Kim about a lot of things, but this whole law school thing, people are like, girl, you're not ever gonna really be a lawyer. You're Kim Kardashian. Let's not. But she actually did do it. So in California you can complete a four year law office study program. It's called Reading the Law instead of actually gonna law school. And from here she can now go to try and pass the bar so that she can actually, you know, be an active practicing attorney. But I think people forget that her dad was a big attorney. It seems like this is something she wants to do. And she's actually been active in doing, I think because she's Kim k and she be in on Instagram and bikinis.


We would be trying to play with her a little bit. Hmm. And it, and she's done a lot now. They, she had a little ceremony in her backyard celebrating her graduation and Van Jones was there and his video's getting a bit of flack too. Let's take a listen. Thank you Kim Kardashian. Six years ago, seven years ago when you were working on criminal justice, you were not embraced by anybody. You were working with people who were thrown away off by their own families. You're working with people who were literally just one step from the graves. A household name on five continents raised her hand, said she wanted to help. Not when it was easy, but when it was hard. When it wasn't trendy. And as a result, when you say 70,000 people are free, it's easy to rush past that number.


The first step act alone, which would've never been signed except for Kim Kardashian, getting that snowball started has freed 40,000 human beings. Yeah, you got Emini here. You gotta salute Kim, but you also gotta salute, you know, a lot of the black eternities and activists that she worked with, Brittany K. Barnett, me, angel, Cody, they've, they've both been here on The Breakfast Club. Jessica Jackson, she's been here on The Breakfast Club as well. So Yeah. Emini here. Yeah, Emini here. I can't sit here and act like Kim wasn't putting in work. Yeah. Yeah. And Van Jones actually did mention them and I believe Brittany was there as well. But I think some, some of the stuff, some, some of the stuff that Kim gets thrown at her is, is unwarranted.


Yeah. Because you need, a lot of times when you, you're bringing up these cases that people don't wanna talk about. You need a name that makes people be like, oh, okay, we care about this. And she, she put her Yeah. To get them interested and she puts herself in her brand on the line to do that. So I'm not mad about it. So, And she didn't, she don't just lean our celebrity. She went back to school. She, she, she, she went to school. She got a degree in it now. And she's actually working with the people who actually have been doing this work for a long time. Yeah. Like to your point, Lauren, you know, you amplify a Brittany Barnett, you amplify a mean angel. Cody, you amplify the work that Jessica Jackson has done just by being Kim Kardashian. So I ain't about to sit around and hate on that. And then She, even then she like, she went to school and then she fell the bar and then went back and retook it or something. Right?


Yeah. She was having, so she did not give up. Like she went back and this was something serious that she was passionate about. She wanted to do it. Yeah. She was having issues with the baby bar. Oh, okay. Yeah. But yeah. But, but that didn't stop her is what I'm saying. She, she, this is something that she really wanted to do. And shout out to Van Jones for recognizing her in that people love just grabbing and, and messing with me. I don't know what it is, why people do that with Van Jones. They love making fun of him online. I don't know why I love Van. Yeah. But he didn't even cry in this thing that he, he cried. He cried. Yeah, he cried. He a lot, he cried over white people a lot. Yeah, he cries a lot. He didn't cry in this one though, that I saw the videos. Klo Kardashian posted no tears. So he got through it. But real quick, I thought that this was interesting.


Amazon is giving refunds back right. To, to different people and d or different people who've been shopping at Amazon over the years. Some of these refunds are going back as far as 2018. Mm. So following a recent internal review, Amazon said that they identified a very small subset of returns that they're going to issue a refund to. That they issue refund to without completing the payment. So these people got a refund but they didn't get the money and we could not verify that the the correct I because they couldn't verify whether you got the correct, correct item or if it was sent back to them. So no, nothing was issued. Now I don't know if y'all have ever returned something on Amazon or not. Yes. But it is a hassle.


So I really don't like to do it. I just resell what I don want. Why, why you think it's a hassle? 'cause you have to take it to like, to certain places. Yeah. You have to find a place, first of all a place and they, they have like these little offsite little facility that you gotta take and trust people to get it back to them. And then they take forever to give you your money back or to send you, to give you the credit and to send you the stuff back. They actually, it's a hassle sometimes. Certain shoppers too on there are like certain stores ask you for pictures. Yes. It's a whole thing. I would take my refund back from 2018 though. I saw this And I thought this was interesting because I've had issues with Amazon and refunds and trying to get my money back on Amazon. But also you can send stuff back that it's easy to get the the, it's easy to send stuff back too. You know how you used to return stuff at Nordstrom and they wouldn't like check it.


Yes. Nordstrom had a very easy return policy. Amazon used to be like that. And I think they just caught up with all of us that was lying. Well baby, they caught up. All of us had been lying on Amazon. They just caught up with you so you Was committing fraud. Lauren. But you know what? I wasn't I crazy you said all of us, all of them. She brought up that Nordstrom. I used to hit up Nordstrom Rack and then bring it back like I lost my receipt. What y'all talking about? I'm trying. Amazon and Nordstrom were the two and get the money. So I think they've caught up with the people who weren't really supposed to be returning things and now they giving the money back that really deserve it. That's what made this made me think of like, dang, they caught. That's from back end of day. Yes. Charma, you ain't never did that. No. He was out here smelling, selling and smoking crack. Well That's funny that you say that because both of y'all look like y'all doing a buddy cop movie and you look like undercover cops.


Both of y'all. Y'all look like y'all look like y'all doing a buddy cop movie and both of y'all look like undercover cops pulling up to somebody's trap I thought and search of pounds of weed buddy pulling up talking about what the hell. What the hell. Yeah, but Hey, hey, hey, hey guys. What the hellie, did any of y'all got any gas? Whatever, whatever. But those were the days when I used to head up Nordstrom's at Marshall's and Ross by the way. Are And I would. And you know, we would gather the things, we would steal them and then bring it back and with no, no receipt. I that what you talking about? No, I was talking about like you could buy things. See She just set you up. She wearing a wire. I told you that you ain't listening like You could buy or, or people I know could buy things like Uggs from Nordstrom and then like when your Uggs was like too ran down 'cause you was doing too much, you could take 'em back and get your money back or get a new pair of Uggs.


I wasn't talking about stealing just, I don't even steal from Amazon. I just, you see what I'm saying? Return things. And I just wanted people to know that they've caught up with those people who do that. And here you go. Oh my god. Oh my god. And I've never bought no damn Uggs, ran them down to the ground and returned them. You didn't used to be dancing in the parties back in the day. Not no damn Uggs. Lauren d That's a Delaware Thing now. She about to report you, you know what I'm saying? You thought you was on her side. You thought y'all was pulling up to this block to set other random people up and she just set your ass up. Okay. Oh My God, this story was so random, but it remember reminded me of my childhood. I didn't mean to get you indicted. Lauren's like, Lauren's like she's talking. Right? Nobody here had gas, but I just got some intel on Jess. What did I tell you?


Well, I told you Lauren was gonna be the one to get everybody jammed up in a crime. Yo Lord. Amazon said there is no action required for customers to receive the refunds. They have fixed the payment issue and they made processing changes to make it more prompt. Hmm. So unresolved returns will be satisfied going forward. Nice. Okay. Nice. Well that was the latest with Lauren. Man, when we come back, we have the people's choice mix. I don know why I Don need a expungement. That's what Emini here. I need an expungement. But All you gotta do is call your governor. Okay? You know, your, the governor is your cousin and you can't call him to get a pardon, Westmore, because it's a conflict of interest because he's my cousin. He can't pardon his cousins. Why Not? You didn't expungement or party. Who said that? Girl?


Both. Oh, I I didn't know. I thought that was conflict. Ain't no conflict of interest. He was the goddamn governor. You be Hearing words, it just throw in places. I did girl, you know, conflict answers, you know, little confliction. So, all right, well Biden pardoned his son. Exactly. Son. That's Biden. He's white and he was the president. Once He go the governor Westmore can do that for you. All right, well happy birthday Johnny Gill, My my mind Girl y keep born Johnny Hill. Birthday returns just going to jail. And Johnny Gilbert. Johnny Gilbert birthday. Happy birthday sir. Lord, I've Gone to court. It's the world's most dangerous morning show. The Breakfast Club. Wake up. Wake up, you're locked into The Breakfast Club. Yes, it's the world's most dangerous morning show. The Breakfast Club Charlamagne God, Jess. Hilarious.


DJ NB is off today. Jess, you, where you at this weekend? From Memorial Weekend at Foxwoods? I'm gonna be at the Fox Foxwoods Casino in Connecticut up there by Hartford, Connecticut and Bridgeport, Connecticut. Get your tickets if you have not yet. Y'all, y'all got 24 more hours. I will be doing meet and greet and then Saturday I will be in Boston, Massachusetts at the Wilbur Theater. You can get your tickets for that show also@jessofficial.com. Get your tickets if you have not yet. Me and Desi Alexander. I need to know where to eat, where to get some good weed from. All of that. So hit me in my comments, y'all, y'all make sure y'all comment on the post where I'm promoting the shows, but Connecticut and Boston this week.


Make sure y'all get y'all tickets. I see y'all tomorrow and Saturday. Absolutely. And listen, I want to say thank you to Don Staley for pulling up the date to The Breakfast Club. She has a new book out called Uncommon Favor. It is on my booking print, black Privilege Publishing with Simon and Schuster, and today New York City. I wanna remind y'all that Don Staley is going to be at Barnes and Noble fifth Avenue. 5 5 5 Fifth Avenue, New York City at 1:00 PM So if you want to get your copy of Uncommon Favor signed, if you haven't gotten a copy of Uncommon Favor yet, pull up the New York City, Barnes and Noble today at 1:00 PM and get your book signed. She'll be in Philly tomorrow too at the E nine Tabernacle at 7:00 PM and then next week she'll be in Columbia, Thursday, May 29th, she'll be at the R two i two conference center in Columbia at 6:00 PM But today she's in New York City at 1:00 PM at the Barnes and Noble on Fifth Avenue.


So go pull up on the icon living Don Staley. But that's it, Jess. That's it. That's it. The positive note. What Is the po No, you have to let me ask, I'm sorry. What is the positive note? Well, Roger, today's positive note is if you cannot love yourself, you cannot love others, and you cannot stand to see others loved. Do you know where that comes from? No. A great book called Deceit of the Soul by Gary Zoff. You should listen to it. Who The fuck is Roger? Who you calling Roger? That's your undercover name. What? When you, when you undercover pulling up to the block asking for gas. I'm not, I don't have to be Roger. I'm a woman. Oh, Robin, I meant to say Robin. I'm sorry. Yeah. How?


Yeah, don't play me. No, I meant to say Robin. I'm like, damn. I said Roger. Robin. Robin. Y'all look forward to the, the, the weather not being as great as it was last week. We got some temperatures in the fifties. It was 48 degrees this morning and it's rain all throughout the Week. Where, where Jess we're nationally syndicated. Where? Where? In New York. Okay. Okay. I'm sorry. New York or New Jersey. Mind Like, what the hell is she talking about? I'm sorry. In New York, y'all. It is cold in it's rainy. So yes, It's The Breakfast Club. Breakfast Club bitches. Y'all Finish or y'all done.


We went from normal life, healthy child to acute lymphoblastic leukemia or B cell, a LL. The St. Jude team came up to get CJ via ambulance. It was a little bit of a scary drive. There was a time where the storms were really heavy. Shortly after that, I noticed a rainbow. It meant that there was hope. We were driving into hope. St. Jude gave us a hope that we didn't know was possible. I truly can't even imagine not having St. Jude in our lives. I knew that it was really bad And I had a lot of questions, but I knew that everything was gonna be okay. St. Jude saved everything that matters to us. I don't know that we'd have CJ without them. I am beyond grateful. My hopes are I could work with St. Jude. To have hope is to have St. Jude. To have hope is to have your child healthy. And we have that because of St. Jude, You can help kids fight childhood cancer. Please become a St. Jude partner in Hope today by visiting music gives.org.


This podcast is sponsored by Talkspace May is Mental Health Awareness Month. And Talkspace, the leading virtual therapy provider is telling everyone, let's face it in therapy. By talking or texting with a supportive licensed therapist at Talkspace, you can face whatever is holding you back. Whether it's mental health symptoms, relationship drama, past trauma, bad habits, or another challenge that you need support to work through, it's easy to sign up. Just go to talkspace.com and you'll be paired with a provider, typically within 48 hours. And because you'll meet your therapist online, you don't have to take time off work or arrange childcare. You'll meet on your schedule. Plus, Talkspace is in network with most major insurers and most insured members Have a $0 copay. Make your mental health a priority and start today. If you're not covered by insurance, get $80 off your first month with Talkspace when you go to talkspace.com and enter promo code space 80. That's SPA CE eight zero. To match with a licensed therapist today. Go to talkspace.com and enter promo code space 80.


I've seen a lot of stuff over 30 years, you know, some very despicable crime and, and things that are kind of tough to wrap your head around. And th this ranks right up there in the pantheon of Rhode Island fraudsters. I've always been told I'm a really good listener, right? And I maximized that while I was lying. Listen to Deep cover the Truth about Sarah on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts.


Hey, I'm Dr. Maya Schenker. I host a podcast called A Slight Change of Plans that combines behavioral science and storytelling to help us navigate the big changes in our lives. I get so choked up because I feel like your show and the conversations are what The World needs. Encouraging, empowering counter programming that acts like a lighthouse. When The World feels dark, Listen to a slight change of plans on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts.


You're listening to an iHeartPodcasts.