
Divorce can leave you feeling isolated, like you're stuck on an island with no direction, but you don't have to go through it alone. At Hello Divorce, we guide you step by step, offering everything from legal advice to financial planning so you can find your way back to solid ground. Start your divorce journey with the support you need@hellodivorce.com because you deserve a better path forward.


This is Doug Gottlieb for the Doug Gottlieb Show.


The Toyota Tundra and Tacoma are designed to outlast outlive, backed by Toyota's legendary reputation. For a liability, get a tundra. With available I force Max Hybrid engine, delivering exceptional torque and towing capacity. Or check out a Tacoma with available off-road features like crawl control. It can take you beyond The trails to the trucks are built to last year after year, mile after mile to don't wait. Get yours today. Visit buy a toyota.com for deals and more. Toyota, let's go places.


Life is an act of constant reinvention that's true for you and for cause. Nissan Reimagined the all new kicks around you. The Bowles Personal plus sound system with speakers in the headrest keeps you in the groove while the Nissan Safety Shield 360 technologies keep you safe. If Nissan reinvented the kicks, you can reinvent yourself. Drive the all new Reimagined Nissan Kicks today. Available Features compatible device service and consumer activation of Nissan Connect Services. Package required use only when safe and legal subject to third party service availability. For more information seen Nissan usa.com/connect/legal. Apple CarPlay is a trademark of Apple Link. Intelligent all wheel drive cannot prevent collisions or provide enhanced traction in all conditions. Always monitor traffic and weather conditions.


Taking control of your career is empowering. Just don't tell my boss I said that. Just kidding. I am the boss. This is Carlos Miller from the 85 South Show. And building a career isn't just about a job, it's about creating a path that impacts our community and future generations. Whether you're starting out or even making big moves, State Farm is here to support you with resources to help protect what you're working hard to achieve. They've got your back every step of the way because like a good neighbor State Farm is there. Find out more at State Farm dot com.


Good morning. USA. Yo. Yo. Yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo, yo Yo. Jess. Hilarious. Good morning. Charlemagne is out. What up Lauren? Hey Y'all. Good morning. And today is Tuesday. It's a long week too. Hell yeah. What's up Jess? How you feeling? I feel good. I feel good man. Yo, I've been getting into Tyler Perry's Beauty in Black. They, they continued that show on Netflix. Is it good? And it is really good. Everybody's Talking about it in the second season was in the top 10 of Netflix. I was like, I need to go watch it, but I ain't sat and watch it. So it, I don't think it's a second seat. I think he just continued the first one.


Got you. Like, did it like how 50 used to do power? He used to like halt it in the middle. Yeah. And then they'll finish the second part of the season. But it is good. This is the best show, the best drama show that I've seen from Tyler Perry. Like, this is really, really good. Your Hair looks so good. Thank you. So does yours. And you know, always, I like you with no makeup. Well, you look good with makeup, but I like you with it. You don't gotta clarify. I know what you mean, but your hair is giving, Your hair is this morning, sis. How you doing, Andy? I'm good. I, you know, I was thinking about you saying watching Tyler Perry, I've never gotten to a lot of Tyler Perry stuff. I love Tyler Perry as a person. Yeah. I love what he does. I love the fact that he employs so many people. I love the fact that he built the studio. I love the fact that he does it on his time, But you don't watch his movies.


You know why? Because sometimes when I do, it's just, it just seems like it's overly fake. Like that one time that one guy got punched and he spun three times and he fell on the floor and he tooted his butt up and he was like, ah, I just can't take that serious. Yeah, yeah. Yeah. I think that's that type of show. That's, you know what Emini here, And I know it's the soap opera thing. My mom used to watch it. Right, right. But it's just too much. Like maybe if he just spun once. Yeah. But he spun three times and then fell tooted his butt up. Ah. I just was like, that doesn't really happen in life. That's, that's how some gays probably fall Though. Okay. Alright. You said that some what? That's how some gays fall when they get hit. Oh, okay. I wanted to make sure. That's what I heard. Because You know, not all gays, you know, some gays fall differently. Six's o'clock in the morning.


I'm like, did she didn't say that? You Right. But salute, salute to Tyler Perry. I, I love everything that Tyler Perry's doing what he created for himself. Yeah. And sometimes you just go down that, that rabbit hole of studying what he did, and you'd be like, man, this black man has really done it from that gutter. Yes. You know, and created his own fan base and grew that fan base. And now he does what he wants to do and he pays the people that he wants to pay, how he wants to pay it. And that's for sure. That's what we should all look up to do when, when things like that. So salute to that brother Tyler Perry. And also he reached out to me a couple times when I was down and was like, just hold your head in me. And I was like, I got a billionaire calling me. I was like, I must be all right. Can he come up here? I've been telling Charlamagne for a minute. Tyler Perry needs to sit down with The Breakfast Club. That would be an epic interview. And I don't know why it hasn't happened yet.


Why can't you Reach out? I, I've been trying to respect Charlamagne's relationship with him and not go around him, but I think I will. Please do. When do you ever respect anybody's relationship? You always go around people. Like when is it a thing now with Tyler Perry, first Of all, I always ask y'all first and then I go around draw. Okay. So You ask them and now you go around him. I'm gonna do that. 'cause I really think that that would be a great conversation up here. Business wise. I think so too. Entertainment wise, all Of that. I think so too. Alright. Well, Today on the show we have NLE Choppa joining us. He's starring in his first lead role as King David in Black Heat. Now, I wasn't here for that interview. How was NL Choppa? NE Choppa is always fun. He's always cool. He's very humble. You know, he's very intentional with how he speaks. Right. And him and that mama would say, you know, wherever he go, his mama gonna be right there behind him.


That's right. I love and respect that. So we gonna kick it with N Lee Chop, and then we got front page news. Next Morgan gonna be putting on to everything that's going down. Now, I I, I'm not sure if this is true, but did they text war plans to somebody that wasn't in the White House Child? I've been saying that all over Twitter last night. I Morgan, I don't know if I text Morgan about that or something else, but I, I I thought it was fake. But then I saw Hillary Clinton twe tweet something. It was a whole tea last night on Twitter. So Now on front, don't act like you didn't, you had never talked about somebody and texted to the person you talked about that never happened to y'all, But for you to be the president or or his cabinet. Honey, it's giving real housewives of the White House And I don't know, but I'm tuned in, baby. I was tune then We'll get to that. Next it, The Breakfast Club.


Good morning. Morning everybody. It's DJ Envy. Jess. Hilarious. Charlemagne. The God is outlaw. The is filling in. You gotta let the mustard park just turn up his for a little bit. You gotta let the mustard ball go. It's coming out. You it's coming out. It's not enough. Because I know somebody's driving in their car and they just waiting for that part. They just wanna screaming so loud myself. But it's not enough. I know you in your car, you at the gym and you just wanna scream this part. Hey, here we go. Do it. What's that on that mean? Morgan? Morgan? What's up Frontage News? Somebody gotta Do it.


Somebody gotta do it. That's Right. Yeah. Turn the radios up. Turn them radios up. Okay, we about to get into the front page news. Yes. Thank you very much. Very envy. I like that. Okay, so yeah, we were talking about in before the break, but have you ever text the wrong thing to the wrong person? Right. So the White House definitely did that. The editor of The Atlantic says he received an accidental text from the defense secretary, the defense secretary, Pete Hegseth, that included key details about a plan to bomb UIE targets in Yemen. So Jeffrey Goldberg is his name. He was included on a text chain on the encrypted messaging app signal that also appeared to include Vice President JD Vance, national Security Advisor, Mike Walsh, secretary of State, Marco Rubio, director of National Intelligence, Tulsi Gabbard.


And Hef, of course, was also on that thread yesterday, president Trump on, he said he was unaware of the situation. Moments later, defense secretary Pete Heads, Pete Hegseth claimed the journalist cannot be trusted. And he also denied any sensitive information was leaked, but we all saw it. Right? So let's take a listen to those comments from Trump. And he, I don't know anything about a big fan of the Atlantic. It's, to me, it's a magazine that's going outta business. I think it's not much of a magazine, but I know nothing about it. You're Talking about a deceitful and highly discredited so-called journalist who's made a profession of pedaling hoaxes.


Time and time again, nobody was texting war plans. And that's all I have to say about that. Hey, hey. Not too much on a journalist. Isn't that their job? Okay. So did it happen or did it not happen? I'm Confused now. It did. It did. Okay. A national security council spokesman verified the authenticity of the text group to Goldberg. The message was reportedly including included weapons to be used to target across Yemen and timing. This all comes two hours ahead of the attacks to which Trump actually said was very effective. So, Yeah, you know what? I don't understand. I understand. If you did get those texts right and you know those texts weren't supposed to be to you, why would you put it out there? Like, that's what I don't understand. Like, you are a journalist, but this is your country and you know, releasing some of that stuff can probably or might affect some of the things that happened.


Why would you put that out there? Like I I'm just saying, you think I'm gonna sit on that? You know how big of a story that is. That's why you put it out there. Yeah. But this is your country. And if it could affect military, it could affect people that's out there working, Fighting. Nobody cares about that. Because you wanna get, you have bylines, you wanna get the clicks, you wanna sensationalize and this in 2025, nobody cares about that. Don't care about people. Huh? They care more about likes and TikTok numbers. Not even tt.com numbers, Google trends. Like, I'm just being real. Like that's why you put it out there. But also too, I think depending on where that journalist sits politically, like, it's kind of like exposing how careless or I think that's what they were trying to do, exposing how careless and administration could be, which is also dangerous. So maybe that's their way of saying, yo, if I care about my people, like y'all need to know y'all president in his administration are accidentally sending something as serious.


Absolutely. Lauren, absolutely Emini here. That's some, that's been a long trend right now with the administration Emini here. Even with this whole deportation flight thing, they were worried about the judge having sensitive information. That is that what they call, you know, a could be a breach of national security. So he, we are in this exact same situation and y'all sending out the wrong text to the wrong people. So yeah. Meanwhile, let's, while I'm on the topic really quickly, an appeals court is set to decide whether the Trump administration can continue deporting deporting immigrants with the Alien Enemies Act. The White House has maintained it can use the 18th century wartime law to deport alleged Venezuelan gang members. A federal judge blocked that effort, claiming the immigrants are entitled to individual hearings, AKA due process to determine if they are indeed gang members.


Now, a three judge panel heard the arguments yesterday from the Department of Justice and we'll issue a ruling soon. So we will see what's happening with that as well. But yeah, on the, in the next hour we'll talk tariffs. It's tariff Tuesday. Oh boy. All right. Well that is front page news. Thank you Morgan. Thank you. Everybody else. Thank you. Get it off your chest. 805 8 5 1 0 5 1 if you need to vent, phone lines are wide open again. 805 8 5 1 0 5 1. Get it off your chest. It's The Breakfast Club. Good morning. The Breakfast Club. Ray. Ray. Ray. Yo, SHA Man. Envy. What up are we live? This is your time to get it off your chest. I got an indoor pool, a outdoor pool.


We want to hear from you on The Breakfast Club. We can get on the phone right now here, tell you what it is. We live. Hello. Who's this? Hey. Good morning Envy. Good morning, Jess. Good morning Laura. This is Sean calling from Utah, formerly from Brooklyn. Good morning. What's up, Sean? Morning. Hey, good morning everybody. It's about four 12 in the morning. I'm on my way into work. I work for one of these defense contractors out here. I just wanted to say, I find it strange how Pete ETH can sit there and say that it's a a, a journalist that's discredited and nobody likes it, but yet this man got him in his phone. That's true. Mm. Simple facts. That's true. Simple. A simple facts. Do you think it was s that he, do you think it was dangerous that he put the fact that he received the text out there and and what The World plans were?


Do you think that was pretty dangerous? Well, I've worked overseas for 19 years And Be Real talk and we used signal between ourselves just as contractors. Nothing, nothing critical, nothing sensitive. I think it was kind of dumb to put that on a minimalized chat box. You know, a chat user that, that, that's not really that secure. Right. And again, if you gonna put it out there to somebody that you're saying not much of a journalist, but yet you have this journalist in the phone, what's the point? Yeah. I'm really surprised that the president and his cabinet don't have their own phones. Just only that they have, you know what Emini here, like when, when you know the president hits the vice president hits, you know, secretary of Defense, like it's just them on that line.


You know, it's just weird that he just got 'em in a regular iPhone. Well, even where I work now, I work again, I work for a company that I don't know, can I say the name on online? On on Edge? Yeah. You used to work there. Me. Okay. Well I, okay. I work for the, we're all about space defense And I, you have a work phone and then you have a, a personal phone. As soon as I got to that job, here's your per, here's your work phone. This, this line is secure. That type of thing. That's What I would assume. All right. But thank you. But we be safe out there man. Right, right. I appreciate you. I wish Charlamagne was there. Listen, real quick. Two things. One, can I get Charlotte's book because I just had a birthday that passed on March 3rd. It's, I know he is not there. That's the sad part.


Emini here. I'm sure he would give it to, I feel like he would give it to give it to you. Yeah. So, yeah, but I, I'll put your whole And I just gotta ask, what the hell is there to do in Utah? Believe, believe it or not, there's a whole lot. There's a, there's a, it's a good life out here, man. It's a step back. You know, I was born in 1,970 and it's, it's easy living out here and the money's right. Okay. I ain black People there, but space out here. You got to, All right, well have a good one, brother. Yes. It's black people in Utah. That's what they said. I'm, could you ask some dad about Delaware? And I be like, it does. Yes. I be so, but Utah is like, I Figure it's like Mormon country, isn't it? Yeah. Like I figured it would be like that. Yeah, it is, but it is black people that live there for sure. Hello? Who's this? Yo, it's good. It's Keith from Brooklyn. You heard Keith From Brooklyn Yard?


What's up, Keith from Brooklyn? Yeah. Oh damn man. Why hate you so much? Envy. I love you to death, man. You know, you my, you know I'm your biggest fan. I just said your name Keith from Brooklyn. You heard? He sound like he, You already sound like so sad when you hear from me. Alright, what's up brother? Hey, nothing. I just wanted to, I got smoke for Lauren for, for what? She said talk about some, ooh, you know about all those cliques and all that. Yo, what kind of un-American stuff is that? Honestly, I think the Atlantic is wrong for even doing something like that. If you got some information like that, why you think that's something you need to put out there for everybody? You are, you, are you, you not happy that you're informed that you know what's happening though? Like, no s that Brooklyn snitch. What? No. Yeah, exactly. No, I'm, I'm an American And I like, I'm an American. I feel like that's something that should have been kept on the wrap.


Like the responsible thing to do. The responsible thing to do would've been to be like, Hey yo, I think y'all sent this to me by mistake. Ah, this looks like sensitive information addressing national security. Like that's a real American thing to do. I hear you. But for me on my side of it, not even just as a journalist, but as a person, I wanna know like, I feel like there's now an accountability that's gonna have to happen in that administration because of that slip. Okay, well God bless you guys. Love y'all Easy. Love you too. Right? It was, that's 'cause it's a different perspective on it. Get it off your chest. 805 8 5 1 0 5 1. If you need to vent, hit us up now. It's The Breakfast Club. Good morning. The Breakfast Club.


This is your time to get it off your chest. Whether you're mad or blessed, I hate the way that you walk, the way that you talk. I hate the way that you dress. Everything with near is best. Call up next. Eight five eight five one oh five one. Not Just me, I'm with the coach of feeling. Hello? Who's this? Yo, this is Qui. How y'all doing? What's Up Quill? Get off your chest. Oh Yeah, my questions for Jess. Hey, we trying to see me and my wife trying to see when you coming down to Houston to perform. Hey, so the, the date that I had on the books, DL Hughley was also booked that same night. So the club overbooked and of course they gonna go with the og. So we we're trying to figure out a date now that I can come back to Houston because they themselves, they double booked.


And DL Hughley is the, you know, he's the bigger talent. So he has to, he has to do his shows. Oh, okay. I did see, I did see that on the website, so I was like confused. Yeah, yeah. But sometimes that happens. Clubs, they, they booked 'cause they may have booked him earlier last year and then they just booked me, you know, the beginning of the year. But they was like, oh, we got DL ley so we can move you and that. That's fine. Okay. Okay. I'll, you know, I'll make sure I stay tuned later. Okay. Yeah, definitely. You know what I'm saying to the date, Definitely because I will be in Houston. Trust me, we just trying to get a good date, that's all. Okay. That's what's up. Hey, y'all say blessing. Thank you man. Thank you. I appreciate you. Hello. Who's this? Hi Jess, it's Brianna. Hey Brianna. Get it off your chest girl.


Hey Girl, I love you so much. I love you so much. I wanna get off my chest. I feel like the government is trying to rage spa us. I feel like with, with the way that he was texting in the messages in the way that the, the climate is right now. I just feel like they just trying to call the uproar. So you feel like it's playing. They Making leak some messages. Come on now. I watch Scandal. I know what going on. So you feel like it's planned. You don't even feel like that was real. I feel like that's, I feel like it's real, but I feel like they wanted everybody to know. Yeah. Like no, no, no. Like not saying that, that the text wasn't real, you know, like what they, what they intend to do. But yeah. You think that they purposely did that? Yes. Gotcha. For sure. A hundred percent.


Brianna what they, I got a question for Lauren. I have a question for you. But what do they get out of that? Getting everybody riled up and upset like this? They need to see the reaction. They need to see it before they actually go go through it. They need to see the responses of the American people. And then you see how they was talking about Europe and the messages. They gotta see how they gonna react to, it's a lot of backdoor things that I don't know about. 'cause I'm not a politician, but I feel like they need to see before They act. Got you. That's a Different Perspective. Marketing poll. Yeah. With leak text on accident is crazy. Hmm. I appreciate that babe. No accident. But y'all have a good day y Thank you baby. You too. Love you too. That was, get it off your chest. Now we got the latest with Lauren coming up, right? Yes, we do. Nia Long and Sherry Shepherd got into, I don't know, got into it.


We girl, we gonna talk about it. Okay. Me alone And I didn't place a phone call. I didn't, I done had some conversations. Okay. It's a thing. It happened. All we gonna talk about it. Okay. All right. It's The Breakfast Club. Good morning. The Breakfast Club Morning everybody. It's DJJ and V Jess. Hilarious. Charlamagne the guy. We are The Breakfast Club. Let's get to the latest with Lauren. Lauren becoming a straight face. She gets them from somebody that knows somebody. She gets into details. I'm the home girl that knows a little bit about everything and She be having the latest on this, the the latest with Lauren la. Sometimes she have facts, sometimes she have details, sometimes she have a little bit Of everything. Well, it's the latest On The Breakfast Club.


Talk to me Y'all. It is going down in these New York streets. Okay. What? Sherry Shepherd and Nia Long. Oh, I see this. I would say reportedly had a, reportedly got into it. But I, it's not reportedly because yesterday I spoke to a person who was very familiar with the situation, who told me that it did happen. So I'm confirming that this did happen. And the person that Sherri Shepherd has been talking about was Nia Long. Let's take a listen to what Sheri Shepherd said. First We went to the opening of Denzel Washington and Jake Gien Hall's show Othello. So this unnamed celebrity actress who shall remain nameless, I'm standing there talking. Somebody grabbed my arms and they forcefully turned me around.


So I'm in a good mood. So I go, hi, what's going on? And she says to me, she goes, you've been shading me a lot. And I said to her, I said, no, no I haven't. 'cause I was really confused. And then she goes, yes, you have. And then she just walked off. First of all, I know who I shade 'cause I don't shade many people. And I, I never had shaded this a named celebrity. So I was mad. So I went to the bathroom during intermission, I stood there for 15 minutes waiting for a meeting in the ladies room. So I would say the unnamed celebrity because you think I done shaded you, which means you watch my show. I I don't know who you think I am 'cause I know I done shaded you. Matter of fact, when something scandalous came up about you, I was on your side. So I would say the unnamed celebrity come sit on my couch so we can talk about it.


Child, when she posted that, when she sheer show posted that yesterday, everybody was like, wait, what she talking about? And then page six did a story and confirmed or reported reportedly on a source that the person that Sherry was talking about was Nia Long. Mm. So I got the call in 'cause I'm like, Hey, I don't wanna put this on Nia Long because first of all, I don't even, I don't see that for her. Yeah. I don't see her running down on nobody. Yeah, she seems like such a sweetheart. But you know, if she had a problem, she had a problem. It could still be a sweetheart. But from what I am told, yes, it was Nia Long that Sherry and got into this, you know, brief conversation with now and she mentioned that I said, Hey, come sit on the couch. Right? From what I'm am told, that is a genuine offer of like, they wanna have the conversation to clear it up, air to clear it up.


But they have not confirmed anything. No one from me alongside has reached out as of today as of the 25th at 6:55 AM But I'm gonna keep, I respect, I respect Nia Long for, for stepping to she, she felt the way and you know, she pulled her to the side and said, Hey look, stop shading me. But see, but I also respect Sherry and I'm gonna tell you why. Yeah. I know this has happening when somebody has played you, but you ain't get the fact that they played you till like 30 seconds later. And you'd be like, did they just play me? Nah, I need my get back now, now, now I'm gonna wait in the bathroom. Now why was she waiting in the bathroom? Does she think Nia Long had to go to p take a pee or something? I Don't know. Yo, when I heard that, I said not the, oh come outside. That's What's on. But she probably went in there to calmed down a little bit, baby. It's like I really, I can't believe she thought I was shade her because I, I think she probably thought about it like, wait a minute.


'cause you say things and then you may, may forget and you, you may not think it's shady to a person and then you evaluate it like, well maybe I did say something. But she said she don't shade many people and Sherry shopper does not shade many people. I, yeah, I will say like, say their show because I feel like they made a and And I don't even think that they like the comparison with Wendy because they, they didn't like that either. Yeah, yeah. They try to stay away from the mess. Like they literally, like, they don't, they give like bubbly, comedic fun. That's what she tries to give. Now we'll say Nia Long posted on her Instagram, she posted like a selfie and her caption said about last night, dot.dot kissy face. This was after all the stuff. So people are like, okay, this is her response. But I have audio of Sherry Shepherd talking about Nia Long with Nia Long's divorce situation.


Of course. Okay. 'cause I'm like, what else situation would she be referencing? Let's have to listen because I don't think Sherry was shady at all. Let's listen.


Nia Long went through a very public cheating scandal. Divorce can leave you feeling isolated, like you're stuck on an island with no direction. But you don't have to go through it alone. At Hello Divorce, we guide you step by step offering everything from legal advice to financial planning so you can find your way back to solid ground. Start your divorce journey with the support you need@hellodivorce.com because you deserve a better path forward.


Hey, it's Rich Davis from Covino and Rich. The Toyota Tundra and Tacoma are designed to outlast and outlive. Combining raw power with precision engineering, all backed by Toyota's legendary reputation for reliability. Climb side of tundra and experience the uncompromising strength. With its available I force Max Engine and Tundra delivers exceptional power, torque and towing capacity. Plus the spacious and high tech cabin keeps you connected on the run. Or check out a Tacoma Agile, dependable, and unstoppable. The Tacoma is designed for those who go beyond the trails. Stay ahead of the pack with available off-road features like crawl control or break out your tunes with the available portable JBL Speaker. Toyota trucks are built to last year after year mile after mile. So outlast every adventure and outlive the moment. Buy a Tundra or Tacoma today, visit buy a toyota.com. Toyota's official website for deals or stop by your local Toyota dealer to find out more. Toyota, let's go places.


The World is constantly changing. It's up to you to decide how to respond. Choose to be bold to try something new. Choose to reinvent yourself. That's what Nissan did with the all new totally reimagined kicks. The dynamic new exterior styling immediately announces that Nissan isn't messing around the interior. A completely redesigned cabin with premium features like wireless Apple call play and a panoramic moonroof make driving a kicks immersive and exciting. And with new performance and safety features like intelligent all-wheel drive, the kicks is both fun and safer to drive than ever before. It is the dawning of a brand new era for the Nissan Kicks. Only one question remains. Is it a new error for you as well? Drive the all new reimagined Nissan Kicks today. Available features compatible device service and consumer activation of Nissan Connect Services. Package required use only when safe and legal subject to third party service availability. For more information seen Nissan usa.com/connect/legal. Apple CarPlay is a trademark of Apple Link. Intelligent all-wheel drive cannot prevent collisions or provide enhanced traction in all conditions. Always monitor traffic and weather conditions.


Hey fam, if you like me, you're thinking about how to level up in your career, maybe you're fresh outta college, just start in your field or even look at the switch things up. Add, find your true calling. Whatever stage you're in, remember that this is your time to grow, to learn and to build something that lasts. State Farm understands that early career development is key to long-term success. They've been a steady presence in our communities and they know that having the right support early on can make all the difference. State Farm is there to help you make smart moves and to help you get the coverage you need. We all know the journey to success is a marathon, not a sprint. It's about staying focused, staying grounded, and making sure you're protected every step of the way. Let's build our careers with confidence knowing that State Farm is there to support us just like they've always been because like a good neighbor state forum is there. Find out more@stateforum.com


And she broke up with her guy eme ku. First of all, it's private. So if she did go through some cheating episodes that nobody knew about, but maybe this was the impetus for her to Just say, I'm, you know, I'm worth more than this. I deserve better than this. Maybe she was tired of being tired. You know, it's something about you sit up and you realize, okay, you have now publicly humiliated me. Maybe this made her get the gumption to say I'm not gonna go back because I deserve more. You know, I Why would you encourage somebody to go back? Why does she not deserve a good man? Who doesn't? She Who's monogamous? Who loves her.


That's what she deserves. Y'all Heard the shade in that? Nah, there was no shade. I heard no shade. Nah, no shade. Sherry's been up here a couple of times. Yeah. And, and even running into her, she's the nicest person ever. It doesn't seem like she's about that life. Yeah. Like she's not shading somebody. She always looks for the positive side of things. So I don't see that as Sherry at all. But she is from Chicago and she like, look at the end of the day, it is what it is. You ain't gonna step to me. Yeah. But Nia From, I didn't know that. 'cause I'm like, where Nia Long from York And I looked it up Brooklyn. She from New York? Is she a Scorpio? Is she, Is she Caribbean? Yeah. So I don't know. It might've been, listen, it could have been Did You, did you hear the shade in that? I didn't hear because you know, the ears is a little different. I didn't, I did not hear shade in that at all. And I, I tried to go back and look for other clips where she might've talked about it, but that's the only one I could because I was really trying to figure out what was, what was the feeling like?


'cause yeah, I don't wanna invalidate how Nia Long feels and maybe, you know, I'm I'm Did you reach Out to Nia Long's people? I have not yet. But you know what, in sitting right here, I thought about it like, you know, I think I do wanna, I don't know if she would even, she doesn't know me. She doesn't seem like she not she about to, but has that stopped you? Yeah. You know, and I'm gonna do it, but I'm just saying she don't seem like the type to just like divulge to someone she doesn't know. Okay. But I, I I do, I would love to hear more about what specifically that moment was for Nia and how she felt about it. Because if it is a divorce stuff, I, I've never been through a divorce, but I have family members who have it during that time. Everything is personal. Sure. Because you're dealing with so much internally. Absolutely. So you know what Emini here, maybe it was that, but I would love to see the lot the conversation live. I think it would both be handled well on both lady sides.


But I, I think, yeah, I just, I was like, woo, I didn't know Leon long be running down like that. Don't play with her. Don't play with Nia. Don't I don all, you Know them Short people get down and Nia is short me and shorter than me. Like she's little. She got Tani, so Yeah, she's really little. Yeah. What else You got? Well, Rodney Jones. So you guys remember Rodney Jones who was the producer that said that Diddy, you know, he accused Diddy of a bunch of stuff? Oh yes. Oh yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah. So the judge is tossing majority of his claims out and the judge is actually scolding his lawyer as well. So TMZ broke this exclusively yesterday. TMZ you hear how I always accredit you guys and attribute you guys little shade. So they say that Diddy won a small victory in court yesterday. A judge tossed out majority of the claims against him from the lawsuit that was filed by the former music producer that accused Diddy of sexual assault.


So according to these documents that TMZ obtained, the judge dismissed five of the nine claims that Rodney Jones made against Diddy, including the RICO claims infliction of emotional distress and a breach of contract claims. The court also dismissed a trafficking victim's protection act claim against Diddy, against Diddy's company Combs Global. So Rodney's lawyer, Tyrone a Blackburn got addressed by the judge who warned him that his legal filings in a case have, in this case have not been up to par. So one example of this is the judge pointed out that Blackburn's filings seemingly did not understand that Diddy is presumed in it innocent in a separate grand jury indictment on criminal charges.


So I think that he's trying to conflate other situations that make his effect. But I, I thought that this was a big deal because that Rodney Jones, the the former producer, that was a big, that was big. You know what Emini here. So for claims to be thrown out and for a judge to be like, Hey attorney, like I need you to understand that we due process here, which is fairness. I'm like, okay, the judges, they're not giving into the celebrity of any of this or vice versa. And also too, they're gonna make sure this is a, a fair trial. So yeah, he gonna be in for Show. I don't know if Diddy is is innocent or guilty, but the fact that, you know, when, when they made all these salacious claims, it was all over the place. And now that these claims are being dropped, I wanna see the same publications produce the same articles when y'all did when Diddy, when all these salacious claims was out there.


Right? Yeah. Because that's the truth. That's what should happen, right? Yeah. Rather you believe he's guilty or not. The fact that these claims are being dropped, all these blogs and all these bloggers and podcasters and newspapers and articles should post the same thing that these these cases are being dropped as well. Yeah, because you know, while we did see the Cassie video, yes we did see that. You know, and we're not saying that he's a, I'm not saying he's an innocent man, but don't just stick stuff on me that I didn't do. Correct. Because I'm in a, I'm, you know, I'm already hated for this. Yep. And I will say that, you know, the case is still gonna move forward despite five of the nine claims being tossed and there are still serious claims of sexual assault against city that were not dismissed in this actual filing. Right. So, you know, it's gonna be interesting to see like what goes on in trial.


Alright, Well that is the latest with Laura. Now when we come back we have front page news and Charlemagne is out today. So if you wanna give somebody Donkey of the Day, you can get on them phone lines right now. (800) 585-1051. Whoever you want to give donkey to. Your boss, your coworker, your but your man, your your girl, your mama. Your baby mama. It doesn't matter. 805 8 5 1 0 5 1. Get on them lines right now. It's The Breakfast Club. Good morning. Wake Up. Wake up. You're locked into The Breakfast Club. Morning Everybody. It's DJ nv, just hilarious. Charlamagne the guy. We are The Breakfast Club. Charla is out. Lawrence filling in and let's get back in some front page news. What up Morgan? Yes. Envy, like I mentioned before in the last hour, it is tariff Tuesday.


But before we get into that, you love to start off with sports. Did you hear about what happened with Juju Watkins? Yes. So sad man to on ACL. Yes. So one of the most notable players in women's college basketball, she will be sidelined for the remainder of the NCAA tournament. ESPN reports. That USC star, sophomore guard Juju Watkins has a torn ACL and this happened during the team's second round contest and she's set to un undergo season ending surgery. So Watkins was injured while driving towards the basket during the first quarter of us C'S win over Mississippi State on Monday night. The top seated Trojans are still heading to their second straight sweet 16 where they will face K State on Saturday. It's so sad because it's like just two days of Yeah. Prior to saw her sitting and chilling with Jaden Daniels and then the whole fire baby baby the mom with his mom jumping in.


So it's just, yeah, I think it's whack. I think they gotta change women's basketball. I don't think it's fair that the boys can go from, you know, high school straight to the league. And Juju is definitely nice enough to play in the WNBA, but now she's injured. Right. And although she makes a lot of money doing NIL, she should have been in the league. She should have been able to get those endorsements, been playing professionally, been having the treatment and everything that she needed. I just don't think it's, I don't think it's right how they do those women players. I don I don I also don't think it's fair that the ACL is weak as hell. Like why does it all, why is that always that the the first thing like can, can they get those removed so they don't, you know what I'm saying? I'm just saying like that's always what all that's, that's what messed people up. Yeah. And it does, it does take some recovery time for sure.


Yeah. So wish Juju Watkins the best in her recovery. Absolutely. But back into tariff Tuesday, president Trump says many companies are coming back to the US due to his tariffs. While holding a cabinet meeting at the White House. Trump said billions of dollars of bus businesses are coming back to the states. He also bragged about the possibility of jobs to be created as a result of the tariffs implemented. Let's take a listen to President Trump. I think they're coming back because of the election that took place on November 5th. And because of the fact that they have to come back because the tariffs are forcing him to come back and remember there are no tariffs if you build here. And many of them have announced it's gonna be tremendous jobs, high paying jobs too. Oh, so yesterday also yesterday morning, president Trump announced a secondary tariff against Venezuela.


He also said he'd be willing to give certain countries exemptions for tariffs when his administration imposes them next week. And he suggested he would impose reciprocal tariffs beginning April 2nd on any nation with duties on US goods. As that date comes closer, some White House officials are indicating that there may be some wiggle room just a little bit. Also in that cabinet meeting yesterday, just wanted to mention that Elon Musk was in attendance and he did speak about some of those Doge efforts and you know, again, Musk in a cabinet meeting, an unelected official. Just thought I'd throw that out there. Switching gears. Protestors are gathered across the us, California and Chicago, which I'm gonna speak specifically to, to oppose the privatization of the US or United States Postal Service USPS.


They're supported by federal workers, union members, TSA employees and members of Congress, postmaster General Louis DeJoy, who is a Trump appointee. He sent a letter to Congress announcing plans to cut 10,000 jobs and and billions from the postal services budget while working with Elon Musk's Doge Department, department of Government Efficiency. So there are more than 600,000 US postal workers. Let's take a listen to representative Maxine Waters. She was at a rally in Los Angeles and here's what she had to say In terms of this fight, we Are going to make sure that all the members of Congress understand the importance of the post office to America and they're prepared to support it.


And any that can't support it really should not be elected to office. We're here to fight like hell. They're trying to take away our collective bargaining agreements as well as dismantle the post office. And we wanna say hell no to that. I just wonder if, if the post office is really making money, and that's probably the reason why they have to cut those jobs. I'm, I'm, and I'm just assuming, and the reason I say that is, let's be honest, as a kid, I would always go to the post office, right? You would always see mail from the post office, but now I don't, I don't know the last time I went to the post office, most of the bills that come in are, or, or, you know, or email to me or, or auto pay. Yeah. So like, do you really go to bills and then when people send stuff is usually UPS or FedEx? Yeah, But I think the post office just seems like one of those institutions that we should just keep around in a certain way just in case.


I don't know why, but it just feels, But if it's, if it's costing us so much money and, and it's, it's costing taxpayer dollars that we're not using, you know, how do you make it work where it's, it's at least paying for itself. Morgan, Are there functions of the post office that if we get rid of it, could like impact our day to day without Emini here? Think about, think well, yeah, well think about people who use post PO boxes, you know, Emini here, you can get those elsewhere. Well you can, you know, get a PO box in other places. But again, privatizing the, I think the overall thing is privatizing mail. You know, who's to decide that somebody now can't go through your mail essentially before you know it gets to you or, and then think about passport services. There are so many other services associated with the post office, but I get, I hear what they're saying about, you know, rooting out the waste, fraud and abuse and all of that.


But to your point, envy Emini here and, and Lauren, that Emini here. Look, I don't know when The last time, when was the last time anybody had bought a stamp? I don know. I don't buy, See, buy certain services that we don't use anymore. Even People that's locked up, you don't gotta put a stamp on their mail no more. That's the only last time I bought a stamp was like for, well, Most people email if you know somebody locked up, they email people in jail now they don't really send letters. You send Emails in jail. Yeah, it's like, like a, like a, almost like a app, like a text app. Oh my. Then they got like FaceTime and, okay, I'm so glad you're removed from that life. I gotta get that. Thank you. Oh Lord. So postal workers in Chicago are also protesting possible cuts. Mayor Brandon Johnson there, he spoke as a, as the National Association of Letter Carriers held a rally in Federal Plaza in Chicago yesterday.


Let's hear from him. We protect all, we are gonna make sure that we protect all of our, whether it's the mail, whether it's education, whether it's justice, whether it's environment. We are fighting for the working people of this country. Yeah. So, but yeah, many argue that privatizing the USPS could increase costs for consumers and create a slower service. So, you know, when you wanna get your packages, you know, you wanna make sure you get them on time. But then again, a yeah. So some people gonna get their stuff late regardless. Right. And that's your front page news guys. So you could follow me on socials at Morgan Media. For more news coverage, follow at Black Information Network. Download the free iHeartRadio app and visit us@bnews.com.


Thank you. Have a great Tuesday. Terrific Tuesday. Bye Morgan. All right, Linda Morgan. All Right, y'all, later Now, when we come back, NLE Chopper will be joining us. See starring in his first lead role as King David in black Heat. And we gonna talk to n Lee Chopper next. So don't go anywhere. It's The Breakfast Club. Good morning, The Breakfast Club Morning everybody. It's DJ Envy. Jess. Hilarious. Charlemagne the guy. We are The Breakfast Club. Lauren LaRosa is here as well. We got a special guest In the building. My guy. NLE Chopper, bro. What's happening? My brother? Man, nothing much. Nothing much. You got a new movie called Black Heat. Black Heat? Yes sir. Talk to me about that. Black Heat. I shot this movie like two years ago out in Orlando.


Okay. Jason Mitchell, dream doll. Me. Oh, Jason Mitchell my guy. Yeah, yeah, yeah. It's going to be real dope. That's what's up. It gonna be real dope. Lemme talk to you about Black Heat. Now I want you to know this ain't from me. You see this, this guy named Art, he works here. He at the other station right now. Read What, what do he say? You want me to read out Loud? Yes sir. Man. Yes sir. Read it to loud. You know what it's, And when I sat down, I said there's no du moment with shale bad. I'm just telling you. He asked me to ask me that. Man. I'm not asking a man said you. It is a grown ass man. A Grown ass man Takes Charlemagne and said pause, pause, pause. There's an alleged leak picture of NE Chopper circulating online.


It is been a big topic of convo because of his size. I included it in the question, if you're comfortable, can you please ask him about it? This this huge unc nailed Questions. Hey, you said black. He I thought that was a good segue. I don't know. Yo, The man said this huge. It's huge. Unc PI Saw, I saw this. What you talking about? That, that was AI though. Oh, that's not a real Photo. Emini. Here it is. It ain't, it ain't wrong either though. Yeah. Wait, what? You It is huge Unc It is you saying? I was just telling somebody, somebody was just saying like, oh, you, you, you a little shorter.


I was like, well that cut my, hold me closer to the ground. It's a little heavy down there. Only You. Okay. Last time you was say you said you was gonna be celibate. Yeah. How that jour how that journey coming along. You still celibate Emini here? If I ain't celibate, I'm, I'm seeming return. So like, I'm always in good gracious. So if I'm having sex, I ain't releasing, you know what I'm saying? I just keep it bottled up. You here telling that lie? I, Kevin, that Kevin Gates lie. I swear nobody does that man. That My brother, I swear we be on the same, you hear me? We be on the same type knowledge. So what I do is if I'm finna, if I'm finna, you know, release, ah, you hear me? Nah, you feel me?


I keep it in. Yeah. And they go up the spine and this uses Kline energy. You believe that? I swear to God, y'all, Y'all really believe that? No, it, y'all believe he does Out here. For real. And then like, you know, you know how you'll be having sex and you a and your ass get tired? I don't get tired. She'll get tired. Hmm. When did you decide that you wanted black heat to be a porno? What? When did I decide I want a black heat to be a porno? When was it? It's a movie. Movie. Oh, it's not a porn. It's movie. It's not a porn movie. Oh, okay, okay, okay. And if it was a porno, Jason Mitchell would not belong in the porn. That is true. Like, come on. That is true man. Here. So, but, but what is it about, just give us a brief synopsis on what black heat is. So black heat is something I'm, I'm extremely proud of because, you know, absolutely.


I'm a, I'm a father. So the whole story is about how Jason Mitchell and Dream Doll is pretty much trying to protect their daughter. And, you know, every day that's what's happening in The World with people that's, you know, fathers, mothers. We're trying to figure out ways to protect our children, beat up for 'em, emotionally, physically, mentally, whatever way we can. And I feel like that's what brought clarity to me wanting to really be a part of the project. Even though I played a role that wasn't the best role, but I feel like it's still a representation of what's going on everyday in life. So I still, even though my role wasn't the most positive, I still come to the table and serve purpose for the overall gist, which is protecting our little ones, protecting our loved ones and our babies, which I love my kids.


Are you in LE in the movie or Nah, nah, nah, nah. I'm, I'm, my name is King David. And What's the, you said you don't play the most greatest character. Like what is the, what's the Storyline? I'm pretty much like in the, in the movie, my character is, I'm young, but I kind of take advantage of girls that's like, not underage, but not as mature. Not as like street smart, still young, you know what I'm saying? You know, you got some girls that's still real young and it's like, yeah, Green. It's easy to control Them. Green. Yeah. Easy to control 'em and get them and like, pretty much I'm selling a dream. I'm Like manipulation, narcissistic and Stuff.


Yeah. Yeah. That's what my plan. Okay. But at the same time, I'm still a gangster with it though. So like certain I could really channel, but certain I couldn't, you know what I'm saying? Certain. I was like, like for instance, it was a moment where I had to do something physical to the actress on camera. And like, after every scene I had to like, my conscious couldn't let me walk away without apologizing. And I'm like, I'm sorry, like I'm a side. She was like, no, it's just acting. What I love about acting though is like, it creates real things that has went on with people because like, it was one time where when I did it, I think it was the first time I did what I did, she like, genuinely like cried. Like it really like brought a trigger to like something she, she had went through.


Mm. And she played the role so well and then I played my role so well I, I feel like people was looking at me like, yeah. Mm, like what you be doing? I'm like, I'm like, bro, You play a role too good. Yeah. I was like, I don't know man. I don't know. What Did you channel though? What did you channel to play King David? So my thing is with acting, when I, when I had to channel something, I want to figure out the why, why is King David like this? How is he brought up? So I'm always talking to the director, the script writers. I'm like, what is the reason of why he was like this? And you know, the main reason was the main reason that my character was like, that is the main reason why a lot of us are the way we are.


It's just about how we was raised, what our upbringing was, who were our parents, what traits did they have, what curses did they pass down. So with me knowing King Davis backstory, I knew what I was I inheriting and what I inherited was just a boy that needed love. And so, you know, as a boy that needed love, I just did what a boy that needed love would do. And the best thing they do is reject it. Like when they need it, they, when they really need it, they reject it because they don't know how to receive it. This Movie is gonna be in theaters too. Yeah, it is gonna Be Bro deep. You know it's not gonna help you beat the Illuminati allegations. I saw you responding to some lady, the young lady said you sold your soul.


Yeah. And you said she was just mad. You ain't giving none of that 15 inch. Damn you said that. Yeah. You said 15 inch. I don't know. I think I saw say you now you is huge. Hey. For so added inches on. You know what I'm saying? But why would she say you sold your soul? I don't know. I feel like I'm some real on real bro. I feel like what's to be perceived online That's always going to not hit with what's reality in my life. Have I sold my soul? I have yet to compromise. I swear to God I have yet to compromise. And I've seen people compromise. And I don't even get offered to compromise because my energy too strong.


Wouldn't nobody even know how to come to me for a compromise? Because I don't give invites and energy to it. So have I sold my soul? Only thing I see on my soul too is the most high. I love to live free. Mm. I love to keep everything intact with what I believe in. But I'm also, I also came to a space to where I wanted to drop certain things. I was holding on so deeply to, to become a new version of myself. Sold. When mother say I sold it out, Hey listen, I sold it out for the most high. I sold out for my mother dorms, my pops, I sold out for my kids. That's who I sell out to. So whatever way I can sell out to them, I'm gonna do it All. We got more with NLE Chopper when we come back.


Don't move. It's The Breakfast Club. Good morning. Morning everybody. It's DJ Envy. Just hilarious. Charlamagne the guy. We are The Breakfast Club. We're still kicking it with NLE Choppa Lauren. Well, speaking of positivity in your kids, you did something on Valentine's Day And I thought it was so dope. The Apology, the song Crescent Moon. Yeah. Just back up for me and just talk to me about like your decision to make the song and then your, your decision to release the song to your apology to your kids' mom. So the song Making the song got man, it was something happened and they like reached like a, a breaking point for me where I just needed to sit down and write my wrongs. I'll never forget it. I was in San Diego and I just sat down.


I booked a studio session 'cause I was kind of like just fed up with the situation we had in hand. But you know, I sat down and the whole time, like for a year or so after we, I thought after everything happened and hit the fan, I had been like in denial that I did wrong. Just because I felt as if I was being honest. But in the same sense of me being honest, that doesn't take away from what, what hurts you may cause it's just because you blunt. So in that space, I started to sit down, I opened up my journal, I started to jot, write down all my wrongs where I felt I was wrong at and just take accountability. And once I looked at 'em and read over 'em, it don't matter 'cause I always felt my good outweighed my bad.


But you know, I saying when I wrote everything down, I realized some of the bad, some of the broken promises, the gratitude, how much weight it carried can overshadow the good. Yeah. So I took accountability for that. I put it in a song and music with me is my way of releasing music is the best way I can communicate to a person. One day I built the courage to play it for her And I played it for her. She cried hard, she cried hard. I played it twice. She cried. I was like, this is my way of just trying to apologize to you. And a few months go by, she hit me. She was like, I feel like you've done everything but publicly apologize to me.


And I feel like I was like, you know, I apologize to you in private all the time. Like what's what's real with what we got going on is in person. She said, but I felt embarrassed publicly. And I was like, you know what? I said it makes a lot of sense. So I feel I owed her that. And I felt like the most perfect time to do it was on Valentine's Day. And I I, after that I felt like a lot of the relationship become, become, it is not, it's not the most perfect, but it's a work in progress and it's keep moving up every day I feel like. So, you know, I'm grateful for it. How Has the communication with you guys behind the scenes changed? Like even before you publicly apologized? Like what was that, what was it like prior to you playing the song for her and what is it like now?


After Prior to, I feel like it was a situation to where it reached a point to where like a month, month and a half straight. It was like, it was kind of cold because she was telling me that she needs that apology publicly. She needs it, she needs it. But I was just telling her like she felt as if I was trying to brush her off, but I was really just trying to plan it for Valentine's Day. 'cause I thought it was sweet. Like, so the toughest part of that whole month process was like trying to keep her in a good crisis. But she thought like I was playing with her. 'cause I told her, I was like, I got you. I promise I got you. And the whole time when I'm saying I got you, it was like, it wasn't trusted enough.


But it is, it is understood why I wasn't trusting. Probably I ain't kept my word a lot of the times. So I'm cool with, with you not trusting my word, but in the back of my mind and on my heart in between me and God, I knew I had her. So I feel like when she seen it, it was like a, a big bird was lifted off her back and she smiled. You know what I'm saying? So yeah, You got a song in the film too, in Black Heat Hard Life featuring Kerry Washington. That's the actor or that's the Singer. So that's Kerry Washington is my artist. Kerry was, she's a singer. Okay. Yeah. Yeah. She's, she's real dope. A brilliant talent. And that song is, it's pretty much about, you know, protecting kids. How are we going to protect our kids growing up?


How are we gonna show them how to be better individuals? Mm. Be a man and how to be the best diva. The the humblest diva is what I try to get my daughter to be. Yeah. And I write letters to, to my kids in the, in the song. It's pretty much something deep that I shed to 'em. So it's gonna be a real dope song. Really a dope project from the movie and the music coming together. I I do wanna ask you a couple more questions real quick. Why did you tell Kai tonight you want on his I did not. I was singing my song. Like I, I, I was singing the lyrics but got, I was looking at him and he felt uncomfortable. Yeah, You can't look at me eyes while you're doing that song. You looking At the, I knew he was gonna do it. You know, you not Divorce can leave you feeling isolated like you're stuck on an island with no direction.


But


you don't have to go through it alone. At Hello Divorce, we guide you step by step offering everything from legal advice to financial planning so you can find your way back to solid ground. Start your divorce journey with the support you need@hellodivorce.com because you deserve a better path forward.


This is LaVar Arrington from Two Pros and a Cup of Joe.


The Toyota Tundra and Tacoma are designed to outlast and outlive backed by Toyota's legendary reputation for reliability. So get in a tundra with the available I force Max hybrid engine, delivering exceptional torque and towing capacity. Or check out a Tacoma with available off-road features like crawl control. It can take you beyond the trails. Toyota trucks are built to last year after year, mile after mile. So don't wait. Get yours today. Visit buy a toyota.com for deals and more. Toyota, let's go places.


The World is constantly changing. It's up to you to decide how to respond. Choose to be bold to try something new. Choose to reinvent yourself. That's what Nissan did with the all new totally reimagined kicks. The dynamic new exterior styling immediately announces that Nissan isn't messing around the interior. A completely redesigned cabin with premium features like wireless Apple call play and a panoramic moonroof make driving a kicks immersive and exciting. And with new performance and safety features like intelligent all-wheel drive, the kicks is both fun and safer to drive than ever before. It is the dawning of a brand new era for the Nissan Kicks. Only one question remains. Is it a new era for you as well? Drive the all new reimagined Nissan Kicks today. Available features compatible device service and consumer activation of Nissan Connect Services. Package required use only when safe and legal subject to third party service availability. For more information, see Nissan usa.com/connect/legal. Apple CarPlay is a trademark of Apple Link. Intelligent all wheel drive cannot prevent collisions or provide enhanced traction in all conditions. Always monitor traffic and weather conditions.


Hey fam, this is Carlos Miller from the 85 South Show. If you're like me, you're always thinking about how to level up your career. Maybe you're fresh outta college, just starting in your field or even looking to switch things up and find your true calling. Whatever stage you're in, remember that this is your time to grow, to learn, and to build something that lasts. State Farm understands that early career development is key to long-term success. They've been a steady presence in our community and they know having the right support early can make all the difference. State Farm is there to help you make smart moves and to help you get the coverage you need. We all know that the journey to success is a marathon, not a sprint. It's all about staying focused, staying grounded and making sure you're protected every step of the way. Let's build our careers with confidence knowing that State Farm is there to support us just like they've always been because like a good neighbor State Farm is there. Find out more at State Farm dot com.


You Know how you joke with your big people. Does It ever get annoying having to address stuff like that though? Like the gay stuff, the gay baiting, all that Stuff. Hey, you wanna know something? What I realized was like with the greats, everybody thought there was something with 'em. That's right. They said Prince was gay. They said MJ touched kids. Some people thought he was gay. They bro, everybody That's great. Especially that's like melanin color. That's right. We get crucified the most and it is really by our own community a lot of times. And it is sad as I don't see that going on in other communities. They get allegations and and they stand with they people. Ah, I don't believe that Tom never did that. He didn't touch those kids. But when, when, when they happened to us, they, it is just like I knew it.


I knew that it was like, it was like we ain't innocent to proven guilty no more. We guilty of rip. And that's like something that's been instilled in us since slavery. I guess it's just like something that we ain't really broke outta like, I feel like would've been hating on me for, for, for back in the day if I got promoted to house like as you mad at me. 'cause I'm finna be in the house chilling. Mm. Jay-Z was up here years ago and Jay-Z said that the reason people do that, especially people from our community, black people, is because they want to justify their failures. They want to be able to say, I didn't make it 'cause I didn't sell my soul, I didn't make it 'cause I didn't, you know, join the Illuminati instead of just No, you didn't make it 'cause maybe you just don't got the talent. You didn't make it. Maybe you didn't put the work in.


Yeah. So people use that to justify their failures. Yeah, man. It, it, it it is, it is a it's a conversation that can go on for a long, long time man. But it's, it is very, it's very disheartening man. I don't think you could do is smile at it. Yeah. You know what I'm saying? Alright. And just keep waving by and keep going the where you gotta go. But God bless. I pray for people that ain't found God. Because when you judge me, you just let me know you ain't found God. I never judge nobody around me. I say, Hey, that's some I wouldn't do. Or like, Hey, that's with Her wig. Why you point her, first of all, first of all Mean, first of all, he didn't even point dark to me. What is you sitting next to a dark Cloud?


You're sitting next to darkness. Okay. That's what's happening. All right. Because she wear her when you wear your dur rat. I didn't know. I I would never, I didn't know. I did not know. And we know NL Chapel new film, black Heat and Theaters March 28th. March 28th And Continue success man. Keep growing, keep evolving man. We love to see it. Yeah man. Go get your duck boost tooth, duck boot boot. We just got a new colorway. We got this. Not now only in, we got this not only in yellow but black, blue, gray and red. I believe That's what's up. Yo. Literally look, you know you gave me some, right? So my son was like, I want him to come out with some more colors 'cause I don't like yellow. Got the top now you coming out with colors. Got all right, got.


That's what's Up. Got 'em. And like I said, support black people, black people that support each other. They ain't even that high. They stand for each other stand together because I own this shoe, right? I don't, I'm not a slave to the shoe. I own it. And that's something that we need to keep instilling into the community, right? We're supporting someone with ownership or trying to create and gain ownership for ourself. So, you know, much love. Thank y'all for having me again. Thank you. Chad Lee Chopper. All right. It's The Breakfast Club. Good morning. Morning everybody. It's DJ nv Jess. Hilarious. Charlamagne the guy. We are The Breakfast Club. Let's get to the latest with Lauren. Lauren Becoming a free fast. She gets them from somebody That knows somebody some, well she gets into details.


I'm the home girl that knows a little bit about everything and She be having the latest on good Lord the latest with Lauren la Sometimes she have facts, sometimes she have details. Sometimes she have a little bit of everything. What's the latest on The Breakfast Club? Talk. Talk to me Baby. I'm just over here getting my tea together 'cause the tea is hot. Okay. What is it? So Mariah Carey and Anderson Pac, I know people have had a lot of questions about them and nothing has been confirmed as of yet, but I feel like at this point do we need to see anymore? No, they're together. Yeah, it's a thing. Listen, it's fine. I would, I would literally, I they're together in my opinion. So I wanna point out, let's start recent.


So recently Mariah Carey and Anderson Pac were out, they were headed. This was Sunday, they were headed to the Bird Street Cafe. Mariah has the nineties Mariah Curl. Yeah. And it's giving date night. Okay. There's a photo of them hopping out of a car. He's smiley, you know, helping her out of the car and they're headed into the spot. The Bur Street cafe is a spot in Hollywood that a lot of people go to. Like a lot of big names head there for like dinner drinks, all of that. But when we talked about the iHeart awards, that happened March 17th now. Okay, so Sunday was the 23rd I heard awards was March 17th. I forgot to mention that Anderson Pac was there with her and actually escorted her to the stage. Very. He's such a gentleman. Yeah.


I I just feel like this is bay now for her And I, you know, not that she has to do it, but I would love to hear her come out and talk about what, what this is that person. She never talks about anything. No, Mariah doesn't, she never talked about Nick. She's never talked about anybody. And Anderson Pac is, he's newly divorced. Right? He got divorced And I think 2024 and Mariah's single let mama live. Like what's that Period? Well, I will say when Mariah first divorced Nick can, and she doesn't talk to many people, but I did have a conversation with her for TMZ and she talked to me about, she told me not to get married. She told me not to do it. And she called Nick, she friends on the can and she called him the homie basically and was like, you know what, Emini here. So, and that was like a, a 30, 40 minute conversation. She was, she was into it. She wanted to talk about it. I think This was after, this Was after she divorced Nick Kennedy.


Okay. But Jess, I know you had mentioned this to me earlier. Yeah, she, She was with Brian Tanaka. I did not know that Right After Nick. I did not that think that's our first relationship right after Nick. Who The hell is Brian Tanaka? So I looked it up because j because I said that Jess, I'm like, I think this is her like first public relationship since then. Nick can and stuff. But Jess, Jess mentioned Brian. So he is a dancer choreographer. They met like on a tour. Oh I remember. I remember homie. Yeah. And, and she started dating him officially in 2016. And they ended in December of 2023. But that was right after Nick Canon. Yeah. And that was very quiet and it was like quiet. We seen her with somebody. But I guess 'cause people didn't know him as much. You know what Emini here. So it's like, okay. And he also is a, an actor. Oh, I didn't know that.


Crazy in Beauty and Black, the Tyler Perry show I was talking about this morning. But yeah, I did not, I literally did. I know that he was an actor as well too. So yeah. So yeah, I just wanted to, you know, add a little update here. Another outing. Anderson Pac and Mariah Carey. So shout out to them. Yeah. Shout out to my girl, Mimi Larry, Be happy. You know what Emini here, I wa I wonder how Mariah is though. Right. And the reason I say that is, every hood dude that has ever done a song with us says she loves to go in the studio. Uncle Murti says she was in the studio all night, chilling, drinking, ordering wings. Cameron said the same thing. She a Vibe it sound like. And remember that viral video where she was with a DJ and, and she was like, I'm doing the best I can with what I Got. Yeah. That's, then she Started dancing. She Ain't care. Yeah. That's what's the DJ that was also DJing for Will Emini here?


Went for Wendy on Wendy show that one Sus one, he's up Wells ones. Well I will say when I met her And I had that brief, it was like 30, 40 minutes, but I was shocked. She was so down to earth. It was very much like she was just giving me like big sister advice. Like baby girl, live your life. Do your big one and then figure that out. If you ever, ever wanna see something funny. Watch the interview she did up here where she turned off all the lights and had her own light. Man here just shine a light around. I remember that. Yeah, I remember that. She did that at the awards show too at the iHeart Award. She said, is the lighting good? 'cause you know how I feel about lighting. Yes. Real life diva. Yes. I love that for her. That's right. Well, moving on to other relationship stuff. Nelly has some people upset. He sat down with Bootleg Kev and he talked about his decision to marry Ashanti.


Let's take a listen. Kudos to you guys figuring out how to hide the wedding. How hard was that for that not to get out until after it happened? Once we found out that she was pregnant, it was just like, I didn't want this to be child out of wedlock. Exactly. Well, well you guys were probably already planning, you know? Well we hadn't talked about it yet. Right. You know, but I was like, yo, you know what, let's just knock this out because we're gonna be doing so much and everything's moving so fast. Yeah. I didn't want her to be a baby mama because we already knew, you know, if we're back like this, this must be what this supposed to be. I base any relationship on does this person bring more good to your life than bad. Yeah. Any relationship.


It could be your relationship with your parents, your kids for sure. Your homie, homie, whatever. Yeah. Anything. Does this person bring more good to your life than bad? And if they do, then great. Do y'all find a problem with that? Anything he said? No. I I I can see why people would be nosy and why women would be upset. Yeah. Why do you see envy? What do you see? Because he didn't say I was gonna marry her anyway. She got pregnant. Yeah. And we just did it early. It it from that interview, it makes it seem like, oh, she was pregnant. So I said let's get married. But we know that's not the case. Exactly. But that's why I would say people would get all up in a, in a tizzy. Oh my gosh. Get their panties and a bunches, whatever they say. But oh yeah, he didn't say that. You know, that was the woman of her dreams.


He said that, nah, I didn't wanna make her baby mama. So that's what I'm sure people would Mm, That is correct. So people, there were, there were, you know, some pushback on this because people felt like, well why didn't you marry her anyway before a baby came into play? See, but Emini here, he spoke about just her being such good in, in his life and knowing that, you know, he was very sure about it. So I'm sure it would've happened. I think to me, when I heard it, I knew that people would react that way. But I also heard it with the ears of like, this is a man who loves this woman who wants to like, I I I deserve to like, I I owe you this. Yeah. I have to make your life full. This is what you deserve. I want you to have that every, you know, not every woman Emini here that, because they gonna be mad at me, but most women are. Or knowing his woman, knowing Ashanti.


Yeah. He was under the, you know, under impression that that's what she wanted. Even though they didn't have a conversation about it. I thought that that was a, a point too. Like he, they didn't talk about it, but he knew this is what she wanted and he did it. And he had a lot of years to sit with and think about it because he spent the block. Yes. You know what Emini here, well they both spent the block chose to spend the block on each other. So I just think it was just like, like if he said, you know what Emini here, you would think that I, I see why people feel a way, but I just think he didn't get to say it. It is just something that he didn't get to say in that interview. You know what, Emini here, because I think he always wanted to marry him. Yeah. And I think people pick apart everything that somebody says to be like, I see I told you. But knowing them, both of them before the baby, before they got married, how they used to be and go out to the club and invite people.


Like they love each other. They all, and they do, they do fun things. They like the old stuffed up couple. No. Yeah. They like to go out, they like to party, they like to go to dinner. Like they love, love each other. That's, that's both, that's both Ashanti and Nelly Was saying like, best friends, I was saying if I get married, that's the type of marriage I want. Like, I'm not like a keep me in the house type. Like let's go, let's have a good time. Let's, let's Like, they go over and beyond like, let's run it out. I need to get him a birthday gift. What do you suggest? Oh, I need to get her. Like, they like that. That's what's up. Very thoughtful. Like That. Let's run it up. Let's, let's shut it down. Let have a good Time. She bought that man. Well I can say now she bought that man a 64 Impala convertible with the, with the hydraulics with the system. Like when I say she was so detailed envy, I want a blue one with this and that.


I wanna surprise him. Can you drop it off? Can you, like they're, they're over in love with each each other. He Loves cars. Yeah. And he loves cars. Yeah. Period. You see what I'm saying? I think sometimes people just gotta learn to mind their business. 'cause you know your person, he knew what Ashanti wanted. He knew what he wanted to do and how he wanted their life to be. Absolutely. And that's what he did for her. And she know her man. So, and and for the record, they were married December, 2023. But it wasn't, it was six months later that we found out. Okay. Yeah. Well speaking of knowing your person, I don't know how well these men know you Lauren, because you are single. Yeah, I know that. I'm gonna say it every, every chance I get because I know you are single, but you want love, right? Yes. And so I'm, I I got two more gentlemen for you to choose from. All right? Okay. And I'm gonna give it to you straight up.


53-year-old gentleman, millionaire 53. Yes. You got great pubic hair, you Know. No, no, no. But he has Z though. It's not like, So it's giving like salt and pepper, you know what I'm saying? It's not giving Morgan Freeman. It's given, you know, Adris alba, something like that right now he travels a lot for work. He wants more kids because his are grown and out of the house and he wants to remarry. He's a deep in love guy. Like he loves love romantic and everything. You never have to lift a finger. But he wants a housewife and he's a bit controlling. You know what I'm saying? If he gonna be paying all the bills, like he wants to make sure like he can control. You know what Emini here, you said you ain't no outside type Emini here. You ain't no inside type of person. But given the, you know what, what he can offer.


Now you got that man. Then you got the 30 5-year-old man. He's an overseas athlete. He wants commitment. Christian man, God-fearing, understands values. You know, y'all align. He goes out of his way to make sure you know you're safe and loved by him. But he doesn't believe in marriage and he don't want kids. So what you going to do? Like You not for nothing looking from the outside. Jess said you got an older man million that doesn't want you to work again. You about to get up outta here. 805, 8 5 5 1. Retire Me. No, stop. First you to have a baby. Now she wants you a outta here. She want me to graduate from east side high.


Real bad. No. 2.0 5.04. Next, Whatever you get Next and we gonna jump into Lauren's life is The Breakfast Club. Good morning. Wake up. Wake up. You're locked into The Breakfast Club. It's your time to nominate a donkey of your own. Remember Now that's is how they choose. Call in now. (800) 585-1051. Hello? Who's this? Yeah, this Manzel. Who you gonna give donkey to? Bro? I'm giving my donkey to other day. Goes to this guy man. He was at the gas station. I ran outta gas last night off the freeway.


Luckily made it right into the gas station. It was two guys, the older guy, this other guy, the skinny guy did not want to help me. As I pushed the car back, I put the car in neutral to push it to the tank. He left me and his older guy to push it. And I'm like, yo, why couldn't you help? He like, oh my back hurt. So I'm like, bro, Yeah, you don't know what, not going through his back might really hurt. You might have back problems. I'm, nah, listen homie, lemme give you an example. He was calling like 30. The other guy was more, more shorter over overweight. He was like 50. He helping me push the car back.


I'm like, yo, you literally see me, my guy. But you say he was skinny. He was like skinny shit and Young. He Talking about no, I, I kept my back. I'm like, all right. Me and the old dude did it and we got it done. Well I would say this, you can't give somebody donkey today 'cause you ran outta gas and was he black? He was from Africa. Okay. He's black. Then you could say he was black. He's from Africa. Dude. Cool. Thank you brother. Hello. Who's this? This is Dominique. Hey Dominique. Who you wanna give donkey too? I wanna give donkey today to Devin. Why? Because he told me that all he needs to know is what the legal age is and he was still smashed.


And we was talking for two years. And I have a 16-year-old daughter and he was trying to be a part of my family. And I think it's weird that he's attracted to teenagers. Damn. Okay. Okay. All right. I agree with that One. We was talking about the Drake thing and he was talking about how the 17-year-old girl was probably legal on the state they was in when he was kissing her on the stage. That's how it started. Mm. Okay. Alright. Alright mama. Hello. Who's this? This is Sasha. Hey Sasha. Good morning. Who you wanna give donkey to? My ex. Why? Because almost three years ago he shot me trying to take me out because we just had a bad relationship. But we got trial tomorrow and you need to get ducky that day.


And all the time that he's supposed to Get your ex shot you with a gun like shot you tried to kill you. Yeah. We was in a, a abusive relationship so I was trying to get out. So Jesus, He Can't have me. Can't nobody have me, but I survive and I'm still here. Well, I'm glad you're okay. And he Needs Today, how many times or how many times did he shoot you mama? Six. Six. What? The Wow. Yeah. Thank God you alive. Damn. Do they call you 50? Nah, but my friend grandma called me nine live? Yes. Jesus Christ. What did, where did you get shot if you don't mind me asking? Once my arm, I got shot in my colon, one hit my spine.


It it two in my thighs and one gray butt cheek. Jesus Christ. I'm so sorry. I am I am amazed and glad that you're here though. Do you have a good lawyer? Well, it's a commonwealth, It's a prosecutor. Okay. Yeah. Is it Virginia? Yes. Oh, they gonna put him away for a long time. Virginia. Don't play with that. And he should go to jail for a long, he should never ever see a, a daylight outside ever again shooting you six times. And I'm so sorry, mama. Wow. Yeah. Thank you guys. I'm, I'm, I'm blessed to be here, so I'm happy. I I've finished my crying and all that stuff, so I'm happy I had therapy and everything, so I'm on a good path. I just hope one day I can help somebody else in my situation because it ain't easy.


Absolutely. Well you keep telling that story. 'cause there, I'm sure there's a, a woman out there that's trying to get out of relationship that scared to death and you keep telling your story Mama. Yeah. And good luck in court tomorrow. We gonna have Thank you guys. We gonna have Lauren reach out to see if he really got the time that he needed to get tomorrow. So good luck. Oh, please do, please do. It was a two day trial, so. Hmm. Alright. Sasha, Amit, man, I can't even imagine. Yeah, well that was Donkey of the Day. Charlemagne is out 805 8 5 1 0 5 1. Now when we come back, Jess, you had some advice for Lauren 'cause she's single. Yes, she is single and I'm trying to help her find love again. She was in love, she said before, but she, she, she wants to get married. L Lauren wants all these things, but we don't know exactly what she likes, what she wants.


And I've been learning about her every day. So, you Know, type of tequila Ira. Yeah, I I do. Period. But, but Jess, we really gotta help her because earlier today she talked about being a pen pal for men in jail before. No, I did not. She, she talked about the, the type of guys that she used to date. So it seems like she's a little confused herself. She likes toxic. She does. I Oh whoa. We gotta talk about this. All right, I'm right. So, alright, well Jess is gonna help her when we come back and if there's any good men out there. If you wanna shoot your shot at Lauren this morning. 805 8 5 1 0 5. What? It doesn't matter if you have a job or not. If you could hear us in jail. Oh My god. Dang. She'll give you an opportunity. What's She said? You said pen pal jail and all that toxic.


No, I never said none of that. I never said nothing. Why? What? She Don't care. She doesn't care if you white, you're black, you're Asian. Right. That's not true either. Oh, okay. Let's leave it up to Jess. How about That? She doesn't what men or women? What? Men or women. Wow. You really trying to get, can we leave it up to Jess all just let the people know who need to Call in. I got you. Okay, I Got you. 805 8 5 1 0 5 1. Come on. Come on. Shoot your shot with Lord. Not the It's The Breakfast Club. Good morning Petty. The Breakfast Club Morning everybody. It's DJ Envy. Jess. Hilarious. Charlamagne the guy. We are The Breakfast Club Charlamagne is out today. Lauren LaRosa is filling in and Jess is gonna try to help Lauren LaRosa with her love life a little bit.


Yeah. Now you had some recommendations I did of some guys that she could possibly be dating. I did. I did. I'm just gonna run, you know, run through them quickly again. The 53-year-old gentleman, the millionaire, he loves to just shower you. He travels a lot. He wants more kids, he wants to remarry. Deep lover kind of guy. But he wants you to be a housewife. And I know you said you be outside, you know, but what would make you stay in a millionaire man who ain't never really home anyway, you know? Oh, he never home with you? No, he travels to work. He travels a lot. He going, I'm not traveling With him. He not a millionaire for nothing. But I can't travel with him. You can, but he wants you to be a housewife and he's a bit controlling. Those were the disadvantages. Now you got this other 30 5-year-old man, he's a overseas athlete.


He wants commitment. He's a Christian. God-fearing guy. Understands values. He goes out of his way to make sure that you are, that you know you're safe and you're loved by him. But he don't believe in marriage and he don't want kids. And you want both of those things so lesser And I can't travel with oh head. You, you, you may be able to in the beginning, but he, if he wants you to be a housewife, he wants you at home. He wants somebody that's gonna make his home a home ain't home. He wants to remarry you. He wants to keep you on tuck. Yeah. I'm just not a keep on tucked person. You can do your show from the house. Yeah, but like then what after that like, like I'm just having, I'm sitting at home like He said, you ain't never gotta ever come back in the studio. You can do this from home. He done work something out while He trying get me home.


You ain't work again. This is a powerful man. He even work something out. I heard, look, my wife need to be home. Like she need to work, be able to work from the house. And It's, it's, it's, but I'm there by myself. It's no dinner party. You is nothing. That's one 30 5-year-old don't want kids or marriage. And is he like, set on that or kidnapping? We'll, we'll give you a chance to, to think about it. 'cause we got a a lot of people on the phone lines now. I'm, I'm gonna step back. I'm gonna let Jess figure out who's good for You. Yeah, because you done told them, I don't want, somebody don't need to have a job and They can be in jail. Like, Hello? Who's this Good, Rena. Oh, hey Ana. How, how you feeling this morning? I'm good. What are you calling for ma'am? I'm trying to shoot my shot at Lauren.


Oh, You trying to shoot your shot at Lauren? Okay. Whoa. Yeah. Lauren said come on, come on right now. Are you a stud? What's up Lauren? Hey, what's up? How are you? You like girls? No Emini Here. I can change your mind. I can change your mind just one day. Whoa. Change your mind. What you do with that one day? I'm, I'm curious. I'm gonna take you on a day. I'm gonna give you a free few drinks. Okay? We gonna talk and then we gonna go to my house. Now are you a stud Kind? Like, Like That Sound like a aud. I'm okay. I ain't, I'm I'm, I'm a woman. I like boys and girls. I just got out probably like a year ago.


What's your Instagram? Lemme see what you look like. Why does it keep man Alone? T because I'm curious. T-R-A-P-P Hold on, lemme make sure Don't try to make it private. Don't try to delete photos. C-R-A-P-P Private. I'm not deleting nothing. This a new Instagram. So T-R-A-P-D-O-G-D-O-G-T-R-G. What? Just spell it. What is it? Emini Here. Not spell it. Just, Oh, you be trapping. T TNA with two a's at N. So it's T-R-I-A-N-A-A. Okay, so trap guide Triana. T-R-A-P-G-O-D-T-R. I look Like Trina does not look anything like what I thought she would look like.


What she look like Trina is giving Hey, bestie. Okay. Uhuh. But she don't, she doesn't bestie No girl. She, if I feel like if Lauren would do a woman, it would have to be a stud. No, no, she don't need no damn Stud. Damn. But Trina, you, you, hold on. I'm, I'm voting for you. Hold on. All right. I'm voting for you. What? I'm voting, that's my vote. Trina is a great own chocolate's. I know that's right. I'm not voting Rena, I'm not voting. The body is giving, I I'm not voting any girl. I look at Trina and I'm like, yes, bestie. Like take a drink, let's go drink. Yeah, let's, let's go. Maybe that's what you need. Sit your ass down. No. Hello. Who's this? Hello, This is Eric. Oh, Okay, Eric. What's up? All right, voice. You calling from Eric? Houston, Texas. Houston Texas. Okay brother. Go ahead man. Shoot your shot at Lauren.


Yeah. What's going on? How you doing? I've been hearing a lot about you. You don't know too much, but you know I'm at work one now. So you got a bear with look at our face. I wasn't expecting to get through. What do You do sir? Yes. Oh, I'm gonna see the air driver. Oh, okay. Do you have kids? Yes I do. How old are you? Emini Here. Not look, my I'm 52 when you look at me, you wouldn't even think that. A lot of people believe I'm in my thirties, but Oh, so You were City? Yeah, I'm a dad. Okay. Have you ever, have you ever been married before? Right, right. I've been divorced just one time. It's kind of funny that story too. I've been with her for over like 20 years and then when we got married, she, like a year later, she divorced me.


It's crazy. It's another story though. Okay. Have you ever dealt with a woman with different wigs? Have you ever dealt with a woman? With what? With different wigs, sir? Different wigs. Wigs. Yes. Yeah, wigs. Yeah. I ain't gotta be teasing them.


Divorce can leave you feeling isolated, like you're stuck on an island with no direction. But you don't have to go through it alone. At Hello Divorce, we guide you step by step offering everything from legal advice to financial planning so you can find your way back to solid ground. Start your divorce journey with the support you need@hellodivorce.com because you deserve a better path forward.


This is Rob Parker from the Odd Couple with Rob Parker and Kelvin Washington. The Toyota Tundra and Tacoma are designed to outlast and outlive. Combining raw power with precision engineering, all backed by Toyota's legendary reputation for reliability. Climb inside a tundra and experience the uncompromising strength. With its available I force Max Engine. The Tundra delivers exceptional power, torque and towing capacity. Plus the spacious and high tech cabin keeps you connected on the run. Or check out the Tacoma Agile, dependable, and unstoppable. The Tacoma's designed for those who go beyond the trails. Stay ahead of the pack with available off-road features like crawl control or break out your tunes with the available portable JBL Speaker. Toyota trucks are built to last year after year mile after mile. So outlast every adventure and outlive the moment. Buy a Tundra or Tacoma today, visit buy a toyota.com. Toyota's official website for deals. Or stop by your local Toyota dealer to find out more. Toyota, let's go places.


The World is constantly changing. It's up to you to decide how to respond. Choose to be bold to try something new. Choose to reinvent yourself. That's what Nissan did with the all new totally reimagined kicks. The dynamic new exterior styling immediately announces that Nissan isn't messing around the interior. A completely redesigned cabin with premium features like wireless Apple called play and a panoramic moon roof make driving a kicks immersive and exciting. And with new performance and safety features like intelligent all-wheel drive, the kicks is both fun and safer to drive than ever before. It is the dawning of a brand new era for the Nissan Kicks. Only one question remains. Is it a new era for you as well? Drive the all new reimagined Nissan Kicks today. Available Features compatible device service and consumer activation of Nissan Connect Services. Package required use only when safe and legal subject to third party service availability For more information, see Nissan usa.com/connect/legal. Apple CarPlay is a trademark of Apple Link. Intelligent all-wheel drive cannot prevent collisions or provide enhanced traction in all conditions. Always monitor traffic and weather conditions.


Hey fam, if you like me, you're thinking about how to level up in your career. Maybe you're fresh outta college, just starting in your field or even looking to switch things up and find your true calling. Whatever stage you're in, remember that this is your time to grow, to learn, and to build something that lasts. State Farm understands that early career development is key to long-term success. They've been a steady presence in our communities and they know that having the right support early on can make all the difference. State Farm is there to help you make smart moves and to help you get the coverage you need. We all know the journey to success is a marathon, not a sprint. It's about staying focused, staying grounded, and making sure you're protected every step of the way. Let's build our careers with confidence knowing that State Farm is there to support us just like they've always been because like a good neighbor State Farm is there. Find out more at State Farm dot com


About that man. As long as it's, thank you babe. You know? Yeah. Yeah. That's funny man. That, that, that keeps me going. But yeah, Charlemagne gives you a hard time with that, but yeah, it doesn't, Lonza looks good. Lonza ain't looking like a rat on top of your head or something like that. It's all good. Okay. He Like the different personalities So far he has, he has has a good job. He has a child. He's been divorced. He knows. He knows how to treat a woman. Very common Voice and soothing. Yes. It's the last, yeah. Yeah. This is the last How, how very close to my mom too, you know. You know, sometimes we bump heads, but that's my mom though. That's like my first girlfriend. So it is what it is. Okay. All right. How would you deal with an argument if you and Lauren were disa, you know, disagreeing on something and, and she got a little rowdy, you know, 'cause she younger.


She's younger, she not in her fifties, you know, and she got a little spice to her. How would you handle that? Well, you know when you have a disagreement and there's always a conclusion and sometimes if you don't come with one, sometimes you gotta agree to disagree, but at least you move forward. Learn from that, you know, and you get into with everybody. Okay? People at work, people at, you know, home, even your own kids. But you just gotta learn how to I like them, you know, just work it out. That's basically best thing I can say. You can't just, everything not gonna go the way you want it to go, but you know, you try to work it out for the best as long as you see what's ahead. Okay. Do you have all your teeth? Oh, Whoa. Of course. And it's all mine.


It's not On. All right, perfect. Just last question. Pause, pause, pause. How's the D game? La Vira Cialis. Man, you shouldn't be asking that little lady asking that. Making Sure you good because you kind of old. I just wanna make sure it still works. If you gonna do look For me. Oh man, bro, I'm not old. You look at me, you ain't gonna get outside. That's my si. I wanna make sure my sister's happy. All. Alright, we gonna put you on hold. I'm voting for the girl still. I'm Voting for the guy. Okay. WDAS. That's what we gonna call her. S eight five one oh five one. Shoot your shot at Lauren. And when we come back, Jess is gonna make a final decision. It's The Breakfast Club. Good morning. Morning everybody. It's DJ Envy. Jess. Hilarious. Charlemagne the guy. We are The Breakfast Club. If you just joined us today.


Jess is trying to figure out help Lauren with finding a man. She gave her two options and we're just taking the phone calls to see if there's any better option on the line. We have. Hey, what's your name, bro? Jess. Hey Jess. You want, you wanna holler? Look guy man, go shoot your shot of Lauren. I, I'm just a worker from Louisville, Kentucky. Oh boy. I travel a lot and you know, I'm just looking for a female that's going to take my flaws And I take hers and you know, I'm not nobody special, but I know how to treat a woman. I'm from the south and from Mississippi And I would love to meet a woman that knows how to treat a man.


Do not ever believe saying you're not special. Like I don't want you to do that. I don't ever want you to do that again. I'm not special. I'm just You all Special bro. Yeah, Yeah. You can't do that man. The way my, you know, the way my, she Wants confidence, Bro. Emini here pull up like Spell Mississippi. Oh, in my, as my PPI. Oh, he smelled Mississippi. You, you left the second set of SSL brush. Vy. Thank you. He spelled Mississippi, Man. Oh, he from Mississippi. Can't Mississippi. I Feel like the way he spelled it though. He know how I play Spades for sure. Let's try, let's try one more. Hello? Who's this? Yo, this cash. Oh boy. She gonna love you. Cash. Where you calling from?


I'm calling from Atlanta, man, but I'm from, I'm from up top up north, man. Oh, she gonna love you. Cash go man. What do you do? Cash. Yo, I'm Educated man. What you mean an educator? I'm a research. Research. You are a street educator or you work or you a teacher? Nah, Nah, nah, nah, nah. Higher education man. I work at university. I don't wanna reveal that right now though. It's university, but you know, look at him trying to help out the, the, the, the youth, right? He works at a college. What, what do you teach Jim? Nah, I'm actually a mathematics. Mathematics. Boom. Envy you judging. Dang. I No, it's because judging you, he being a little protective, Tough Man. Lemme, yo, you trying to, you trying to help me or you tried this man? Nah, you man, I gotta clear Out shit. Your name is, your name is Cash.


So it's, It's, it's Caius, but you know, I go by cash for sure because they, you know Americans can't pronounce ca cashier. Where are you from? You from New York? He said he said Americans like I from Americans. Where you from bro? From, Yeah, I'm from the States. I'm from the States. Yeah. My people's from Haiti. We Haitian. Oh, So, Okay. All Right. Yeah. Not bole, man. You know what? Emini here. Oh, so they can't play with you, What you mean? Yeah baby, I don I don't want you to play with me. So what's up? Talk to me. I'll talk back baby. How old are you? I'm 36. 36. You got any kids? You, were you ever once married? Nah. No kids. No marriage? No. None of that man. No, none of that man. Okay. You were like, you I'm looking for Love too. I'm looking for love with Lauren. Now You looking for love with Lauren, but are you looking for a commitment?


'cause she, you, she has a little bit of things that she does. Like now are you looking to marry, do you wanna have kids, things like that? Do you wanna have fun, travel, things like that? Yeah, absolutely. All the above. You know, definitely looking for some kiddos, you know what I'm saying? I definitely want to travel. Definitely can commit. You know what I'm saying? I have my phone now I'm just looking for the warrant. Okay. Now back in your past after rewinding, have you ever been to jail? Emini here, I got, I got arrested before, but Okay, So yeah, your record is too, I never done no time. Yeah, yeah, yeah. My record is pretty clean. Okay, So what you think, what you think? Nah, I think he's pretty cool. He's a teacher at a university. No, he's cool. Y'all could even role play. You could come and teach or change my grade and you know, go.


You feel me? He used to let you pet it. You know what, Emini here. Hey, I'm not gonna lie. I think he's a fun time. Oh, cash? Yeah. I'm not mad at him. I got a list of my top three. Yeah. So Jess, what do he think? I honestly, I'm gonna go with the older gentleman, the 52-year-old. He came closer to my 53-year-old gentleman that I gave you. The contender. I like him. I liked his voice. He, he was the only person that you heard that had you blushing. You don't even know the man. Very soothing, Very calm. Yes, He, his voice. I feel like that will disarm you because you're very feisty. I need that. I I like trap. Tiana You like, I like trap chia because you know a woman's gonna know how a woman wants to be treated. She could brush your hair, she could brush your wigs. She could really pamper you the way that you need to be pampered.


Then she can help you putting on all your brown girl grinding girl clothes on and all your, your, you know, your fashion nova and Timus. She could order it. So it's right there as soon as you get. That's what I like to get your makeup for you, your wig glue. You good? I'm not So can one of your homegirls. Exactly. 'cause I've never dated a girl And I didn't think that that was in my future. Don't knock it. It could be a, it could be a blessing. Don't block your Blessing. All you talking about is stuff that my group chats do Help her brush her wigs, order from Timo, invite her on trips and stuff. The group Chat. Don't eat the box. Oh God. She not, she's not a gayer. She doesn't want to explore that yet. Well, I liked, what did you like Cas And I like WDAS.


So you do like cas like cash. You like cash cash. Ca isn in Wda s and you know the backup if it just didn't work out anywhere else, I figured, you know, me and my home girl, I would have to like just make her relax a little bit. But we could go hang out and figure out, you know, You could Be friends. Lauren, a low key, hopeless romantic. Like you're, you're am low key. Like very low key with it. Oh My goodness. All right, well we have the latest with Lauren coming up. What we talking about Omarion? Omarion. Omarion is yelling at the people in the audience. 'cause they ain't doing what he wants them to do at the middle. He's not the Zen king. I never seen Omarion, y'all Baby. He might have had a couple shots before this performance. We gonna talk about it. All right, we'll get to that next. It's The Breakfast Club. Good morning. The Breakfast Club Morning everybody.


It's DJ nv, Jess, Hilarious. Charlamagne the guy. We are The Breakfast Club Charlamagne's out today. Lauren LaRosa filling in and, and let's get to the latest with Lauren. Lauren Becoming a, She gets them from somebody that knows somebody. Well, she gets into details. I'm the home girl that knows a little bit about everything And she be having the latest on the latest when Lauren la sometimes she had facts, sometimes she had details. Sometimes she have a little bit of everything. Well, what's the latest on The Breakfast Club? Talk. Talk to me. Alright, so there's video circulating right now of Omarion on the Millennium tour and he gets pretty upset at the crowd. Let's take a listen. Y'all get up, get up, get up.


Yeah. So this is a, a video from the Millennium Tour. You guys know he's out on that tour right now. He came up here to talk about it. And yeah, that just was, I guess, upset because people in the crowd weren't reacting the way that, you know, he thought he, they should be reacting while he's performing. I've Never heard him curse me neither ever, ever. I've never even heard. Yeah, but you know what? Didn't another artist do that too? I think that was, I think that was Method Man. He Had, so that was at something like that, that was at a, that another concert here in New York. And yeah, it was basically they were saying that the crowd didn't react to them. Like, because of the age of the crowd with this one, I feel like with the Millennium, because it's The Millennium tour. The Millennium tour ranges. Like you have younger kids who are just tapping back in 'cause of the nostalgia.


And then you have like our age people older as well. So I don't, I don't know what that tizzy was about, but Yeah. But what, what am Omarion got? I think he closes the show, but what am Omarion got has to realize is one, we seen this happen before when somebody was actually in a wheelchair and couldn't stand up and that was the reason why that person couldn't stand up. But also, you gotta think about this, right? The Millennium Tour is what, let's say what 35 plus? 30 plus, right? 35 plus let's say. So when you got artists, like you got Nivea, you got Pleasure, P Rick Ross, Bobby Valentino, Sammy Ray, J Yin Yang, twins, Booy, PLAs, then Omarion. You Tired? Yeah. You tired at that time. That's what nine artists I just named you tired at that point. So Emini here am Omarion could get frustrated, but if I pay for my ticket And I don't wanna stand up, I ain't gonna stand up.


Yeah, I was trying to see what day. 'cause there, from the reports, I'm saying this happened in Virginia. I was trying to see what day that was, that they were there in Virginia too. Because I'm like, well maybe if there's, you know how sometimes there's multiple shows in one place? Yeah. You know, these people could've went to multiple shows Are tired. They probably was tired. That's probably with it was, and they sat through all that and if they were in Virginia, they probably wanted to really see Trey because that's his hometown. Oh, Oh yeah. Speaking of you saw the video, Tre, there we go. Yes, go ahead Jess. Yes. No, somebody had ran up on the stage and tried to get this man. Yeah, yeah. That was in Virginia though. I Don't know if that No I don't because I don't, yeah, I don't know for sure if that was in Virginia, but, but I believe that comes off of the same tour. There was a video circulating a Trey songs on stage and there was a fan that ran up on stage and he like squared it up.


I was gonna say, I'm very shocked. Knock that dude out because Tre, He's probably learned Trey got hands. Yeah. Yeah. And he's also probably learned that like, you know, the minute I swing, boom, a lawsuit dropped. But He had all right to hit that guy. I was gonna Say, but would that actually be something that he could get in trouble for if the guy ran up on him? Emini here, you could definitely argue with, Because security was a little slow to me. Emini here I've seen security be slower with other artists and stuff. Yeah. But Emini here, if, if I for boom and you you on the ground. Yeah. He can't get in trouble 'cause Right. Emini here, you, I, you would have to argue in court, you know, Hey, he ran for me, whatever. But dont Put his arm around Trey on stage. But what he, Carrie the Bing guy. But what I'm saying is the minute that the headline drops, it's not, well dude put his arm around him.


It's ooh Trey songs another, another Headline. You know what Emini here, I think if he's smart and you know what Emini here at this point, he's, he's been through this a couple times now he knows like, yo, My thing is like when things like that happen, you don't know the motive, you don't know people do a lot of things for cliques and you know, everything like that. Like he could have hurt him. You know what I'm saying? What if he had something, if he could have stabbed him real quick And it is like now Tre is hurt in the hospital and like I just, I don't know, you just gotta protect yourself first. Right. Tre should have knocked him out. Yeah. But I would say this, I was impressed the fact that Trey squared up and then went right back into singing. Yeah. Yo, they said Yep. He Squared up so fast. He was like a power ranger, man. Power Ranger. They went right back into singing. Something happened. He ain't joke, he ain't laugh.


He say, did y'all see that? He just went right back to singing. Like it didn't happen. That's right. Yeah. Shout out to him. I recently met him. He was, he was, he was super nice when I met him. Nice. But really quickly, Booie Booie is also in a hot seat right now. Yeah. So he was trying to do a good thing honestly and it went wrong. So you guys remember Caleb Wilson, God rest his soul, who was the young man that was pledging. Yeah. And he passed away while pledging Omega sci-fi. Which is Q Yes. Yep. So Busi is doing his annual Booie Bash down in partnership with Southern University. It was it Southern State University. Which one is it? I'm not with the, I'm not Human jukebox. I'll look it up. I believe it's Southern. But he's doing it in a partnership in he wanted to have Southern University. Yeah. Southern University.


He wanted to, you know, just raise money for Caleb's family and just some of the things that were happening down there. And he talks about it, but the family kind of came upset. Let's take a listen to Booy talking to a local about his intentions. And I know that you are launching a foundation of scholarship in his name. Is that right? Yeah. Yeah. We gonna try to do something positive because I'm grateful for his dad and, and and, and all the people who made this work. But yeah, we gonna do something special for him because you know that So life lost too short. Yeah. So, and this was after or before the outrage? This was from the people. So this was before, so this was before the outrage, but basically what happened was Booie had been selling tickets to Booy Bash.


It was already happening a few weeks before the show Caleb Wilson situation happened and he passed away, you know, and the, and and it's connected to the, that that area. So Busey iss like, Hey, I wanna do something to help him. So allegedly there was a conversation with the family. The family says that they were under the impression that Busey was gonna just start a scholarship in Caleb's name and like maybe put some money into the scholarship, not attach it to Booy badge. So they're upset and they're basically saying you're trying to make money off of this. Mm. And use his image and his likeness do not do that. And they, they came up upset about it and Busey responded and basically said, you know, when trying to be real goes wrong. He said it's sad for a lawyer and his family to say I promoted my event off of someone's passing. My event was promoted on event. Right since November 14th, this incident happened a week before my event, excuse, my timing took place.


How can I capitalize off someone's death for a concert That ain't me, a death of a student won't help a concert. It would hurt a concert. I was helped to, I was asked to help with a situation and that's what I was doing once I made it home. But for y'all to say that y'all are taking legal action against someone who was trying to help y'all is a slap in my face. It's completely wrong. When keeping it real goes wrong, shaking my head, I'm done. Mm. Yeah, I I would say as far as Booy, I'm, I'm sure he was trying to do the right thing and just trying to give back to the community. But you also gotta understand if you know that family just lost a life. Yeah. And I, I seen him fly. I was trying to look up the flyer before and his face was on it. I, I can't find it now. But if he using my son's likeness in my son's name and we didn't have a conversation. It's not clear what you're doing.


I would be upset too, don't use my son's name 'cause I don't know what your intention is. They don't know Booie. Like they've never had a conversation with Booie. Well, from what he, from what I understood from what he was saying, they did have a conversation. I think the family misinterpreted. They, they thought it was just gonna be like a scholarship. Booie figured doing this around something that was really big would make the most sense. Right. But in wrapping it up, it does seem like a big misunderstanding. But I think there is a lot of emotions still fresh here. Of course, you know what Emini here Sure. Kind of respect That. Lost their son. Yeah, absolutely. So I think it's, it's a conversation. I don't think Booey had no ill intentions. I don't think Booey needs a, a publicity stunt or anything like that to sell tickets. I think Booy was really just trying to give back and say, you know what, let's do something positive for the, for the community. But I hope they can talk and and square it all out.


Same. Alright. Same prayer to that family. That is the latest with Laura. Now let's get to the mix. 805 8 5 1 0 5 1. Get your joints in right now it's The Breakfast Club. Good morning. Wake up. Wake up. You're locked into The Breakfast Club. Morning everybody. It's the EJ Envy Jess Hilarious Charlamagne new guy. We are The Breakfast Club. Lauren LaRosa filling in for Charlamagne now. Salute to NLE Chopper for joining us. Absolutely. I love, I love NLE. He's so humble, so cool. He such a smart, he Absolutely. And his mom is always gonna be here With him all the time. I asked One question, I don't remember what I asked Mom peeked around. I said, Ooh, No mama check. I gotta chill. But mom, be with the ish though. Like she do, she be with it, man. That's her baby. So Yeah, definitely check him out. He's starring in his first lead role.


King David in Black Heat. All right. And also I gotta remind you guys to pre-order my book, real Life Real Family. It's out right now. We, we've been running around on this press run and we've been speaking to so many people. So if you're thinking about having a kid or you have kids, we talk about the trials and tribulations and everything. Like I always say, having a kid, there is no instruction manual. You got to figure it out. And we, we, we've done it a couple of times so I I think we've kind of got this, this down. So it's, it's good for you Lauren, because you thinking about Amazing. You've been thinking about, it's Amazing Because Nah, I don't even know what shot I just took. I was working on something on my phone And I, nah, 'cause cash called This morning. I just up and just felt the interview. He Has a new book with this family, you know. Well, You know, y'all are one of my favorite couples.


There you go. I I I listen to Gia, I don about you. I listen to her too. I do too. And happy birthday to my girl Shaka Richardson. I love her. That is my ang that's my boot thing. So I just wanted to say happy birthday to my boo. All right. When we come back, just got the positive notice, The Breakfast Club. Good morning. Good morning everybody. It's DJ Envy. Jess. Hilarious. Charlamagne the guy. We are The Breakfast Club Charlamagne is out. Lauren LaRosa filling in and it's time for the positive note. You got some positivity. Absolutely. If you have received your tax return, don't spend it all in one place. So I like that. Yeah. You know. Period. Go jet. I Ain't mad at that. That's the best positive note I heard.


I was just Thinking like low key day hard like Breakfast Club Bitches. Do y'all finish or y'all done


Divorce can leave you feeling isolated like you're stuck on an island with no direction. But you don't have to go through it alone. At Hello Divorce, we guide you step by step offering everything from legal advice to financial planning so you can find your way back to solid ground. Start your divorce journey with the support you need@hellodivorce.com because you deserve a better path forward.


Hi, this is Shirley Strawberry from the Steve Harvey Morning show. Toyota has been building a legacy of excellence for years from developing hybrid technology to upping the standards of safety and efficiency. Toyota is always innovating, always making progress. And with Toyota's superior lineup of SUVs in stock at your local Toyota dealer, you can experience the legacy for yourself. So check out at Adventure Ready RAV4 designed to be the perfect mix of style, practicality and go anywhere attitude or a test drive a capable and affordable Corolla cross with the style, space and available tech to keep you cool and connected. And both RAV4 and Corolla Cross are available with all wheel drive giving you the freedom to roam quality, reliability, efficiency. That's the legacy of Toyota. Visit buy a toyota.com, the official website for deals to find out more. Toyota, let's go places.


Life is an act of constant reinvention that's true for you and for cause. Nissan Reimagined the all new kicks around you. The Bolds personal plus sound system with speakers in the headrest keeps you in the groove while the Nissan Safety Shield 360 technologies keep you safe. If Nissan invented the kicks, you can reinvent yourself. Drive the all new Reimagined Nissan Kicks today. Available features compatible device service and consumer activation of Nissan Connect Services. Package required use only when safe and legal subject to third party service availability. For more information, see Nissan usa.com/connect/legal. Apple CarPlay is a trademark of Apple Link. Intelligent all-wheel drive cannot prevent collisions or provide enhanced traction in all conditions. Always monitor traffic and weather conditions.


Taking Control of your career is empowering. Just don't tell my boss I said that Building a career just isn't about a job. It's about creating a path that impacts our community and future generations. Whether you're starting out or making big moves, State Farm is here to support you with resources to help protect what you're working hard to achieve. They've got your back every step of the way because like a good neighbor State Farm is there. Find out more at State Farm dot com.