
Life is an act of constant reinvention that's true for you and for cause. Nissan reimagined the all new kicks around you. The Bowles Personal plus sound system with speakers in the headrest keeps you in the groove while the Nissan Safety Shield 360 technologies keep you safe. If Nissan invented the kicks, you can reinvent yourself. Drive the all new Reimagined Nissan kicks today. Available features compatible device service and consumer activation of Nissan Connect Services. Package required use only when safe and legal subject to third party service availability. For more information, see Nissan usa.com/connect/legal. Apple CarPlay is a trademark of Apple Link. Intelligent all-Wheel Drive cannot prevent collisions or provide enhanced traction in all conditions. Always monitor traffic and weather conditions.


What's Up? It's me Don Tover. If I could describe the open air bud, I would describe it just very seamless. It's like you clipp it onto your ear and then sometimes you can forget it's there, but it's not going anywhere 'cause it's like clipped. It's kind of crazy if I could bring my music with me wherever I go. It just make life easier and seamless without interruption. To be able to have the music on hand like that without any interruptions, would would be great. Check out bulls.com for more.


You could sit there and listen to ads or you could take a moment to have a Diet Coke break. First, grab a chill diet Coke 'cause If. you wanted to be perfect. It needs to be crispy. Next, get a big cup of ice. 'cause everyone knows Diet Coke is best served swimming in ice. Then sip it slowly. Feel that burn and enjoy your break for as long as possible. When you need a break, don't forget to grab an ice cold Diet Coke and take a Diet Coke break.


Focus features presents piece by piece, a first of his kind Lego movie event. The story of revolutionary artist Pharrell Williams. Turns up the volume on your imagination with a big screen experience like no other. Discover what it takes to build the greatest music ever assembled with a star stud lineup. Snoop Dogg, Kendrick Lamar, Gwen Stefani, Justin Timberlake. Jay-Z Busta Rhymes, dab punk and more piece by piece rated PG directed by Morgan Deville opens October 11th and theaters everywhere. Get tickets at piece by piece film.com.


This is Coke Zero sugar. Could I be the best Coke ever? Try and taste with your ears. Hear those bubbles. Imagine them tingling on your top busy deliciousness. Listen to that cascading liquid. A mouthwatering waterfall. Irresistibly tasty, zero sugar, crisp, refreshing, and ice. Gold is Coke. Zero sugar the best Coke ever. Try and decide you Guys.


This is history. What you've done. What Shot says you guys have built a platform that influence. Hey, show DJ nv. Hilarious Jesse. She nobody Charlemagne the God made you think that. Liking of controversial questions. We take his part. I like this show. Thanks. Breakfast Club. Good morning. USA Yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo. Jess is on maternity leave. Lauren LaRosa filling in. Good morning, Lauren. Good morning. Good morning. Woo. Charlemagne the cat. Peace To the planet is Monday.


Good morning to you. What's happening? How y'all feel out there? How, how you feeling? Lauren? You was, you was homecoming to out. I didn't think you was gonna make it on time this morning. I was here early. Oh, you was here. You probably slept here. No, I I didn't, but I was waking up all throughout the night. 'cause I was scared I was gonna oversleep. I had a great time. You can hear it in my voice. But I seen your, your videos and your pictures. If you follow. You was, you was partying party. Yes. I had such a great time. Delaware State University is always a great time. There was so many people there, y'all, I see. Like, it was normally we could park on campus. We had to walk like from our hotel. It was so many Freaking Delaware. Got hotel. Oh, you Stupid. The Delaware got hotel stop playing with us. What? So you Had Stop And I.


Wanna say I, I told Charlamagne this yesterday. The amount of people, like I've never, ever been stopped and talked to about work so much in my life. Like, like Did they talk about it? They talk about the, the underarms or No, they wanted to talk about Kamala and Charlamagne. Kamala. They wanted to talk about Kevin Hart. Of course. Like it got to the point where my friends was like, what did Kevin Hart do? Why did they keep asking? Oh, the Delaware thing. Yes, they wanted, Oh, people didn't even know. My friends don't really, like, some of my friends don't really subscribe to all this. So unless I tell 'em they don't know what's going on. So I had to break it down. You Still got the bands on is from the brand band Brand. A black owned brand that they called B Iconic. And these wristbands go with the T-shirts. Okay. Okay. But yeah, they, it was everything for the show. What the hell they wanted to know about me and Kamala. Just the, the Trump stuff.


The youth supporting Kamala, the, like, just all that. The conversation around you. They talk to me about you on a daily show. They like, I was just like, yo, they are so tapped in with Breakfast Club. That's what it is. The college students love Delaware. I mean B Club you guys. Yes. I appreciate that. Yes. And then I ended the weekend at those matches. Suite four 11 in Wilmington. We did brunch there. Who Performed that on campus? Because you be, I didn't, I didn't make it to that. You didn't make it to the Performances? No. Uhuh, I think that was earlier in the week. I know the step show was Friday, Saturday when I came down. It was the game, the tailgate. And then they just do like a big, it's like our version of Yard Fest. Okay. Like all the Greeks on the yard, several different DJs. Shout out to DJ Blair. It was a really good time.


I Saw you and everybody's face. You was drunk as hell. You know that drunk person that be in the party that just be slurring to you. I saw a video where you was definitely doing that. The host. I was, what's his name? Kim Meach. I met a host on campus who, I think he's a graduate of De State now, but he was so fire. I'm like, yo, you so good. Yeah. Shout out to him. Yes. I ibel. I think he's from New York. He was that drunk. You know where he from. I don't, I didn't know. I just literally met him. We were on the stage and he came and did the swag surf. But I was just like, wow. He's really, really good. Like we need to stay in contact. Salute to him. Alright, now how about you Charlamagne? 'cause your, your Dallas Cowboys played late, late, late, late last night. I didn't stay up for the game. I woke up up this morning. And, I was happy to CW one 20 to 17.


So you didn't watch Thunder the game, I mean, I watched like the first quarter I listen, I, I prioritize sleep over anything else. And I realized that last night football was on All day Yesterday. Oh yeah, that was, it was amazing. It was Sunday Weather delay was, yeah, it was amazing. Started at 9:30 AM The Jets played in London. So that was great. So I woke up watching the Jets and then last night there was a weather delay with the Cowboys and Steelers. So the game started like an hour and a half after it was Supposed to start. What do I keep telling y'all? The road to the Super Bowl. Oh. Will have obstacles. It will have hurdles. It will have delays. Oh my goodness. But we shall get there. Okay. You ain't even gotta worry about that. All. All right. Carrie Champion will be joining us this morning. We gonna be kicking it with Carrie Champion. She has a new podcast, the Making of a Rivalry with Caton Clark versus Angel Reese.


So we're gonna be talking her in a little bit and we got front page news when we come back. So don't go anywhere as The Breakfast Club. Good morning. All right. Morning everybody. We are at The. Breakfast. Club. Let's get in some front page news. Oh, there we go. All right, let's start off some quick scores. Yesterday. The first NFL game was nine 30 in the morning. That's because they played in London. The Vikings beat the Jets. 2317 the bands beat the Panthers. 36 to 10 commanders beat the Browns. The Jaguars beat the Colts. The Dolphins beat the Patriots. The Texans beat the Bills. The Ravens beat the Bengals. The Cardinals beat the 49 ERs. Packers beat the Rams. The Cowboys beat the Steelers. The Giants beat the Seahawks and the Broncos beat the Raiders. Now I just gotta do some quick other scores as well.


WNBA Liberty finished off the ACEs. 2 76 to 62 and the links in the sun Tide the series at two two. The Sun 1 92, 82 and some quick baseball. The Guardians beat the Tigers seven. Oh the Mets they lost last night. Right. Seven to six. Game two. The series is tied one. One. And the Padres. And the Dodgers. The series is tied with that as well. And the Saints and the Chiefs play tonight too at eight 15. Yep. The Saints in the Chiefs Monday night Football eight 15 on Monday night football. Monday night football don't hit the same because football comes on all the damn time now. So it's Thursday night. It's Sunday night. You know then that Monday now it used to only just be Monday. No, it used to Sunday, Monday, Sunday, Monday. Oh, okay. Alright. Morning Morgan. Good morning.


Happy Monday y'all. So we are on hurricane watch again. Hurricane Milton is quickly increasing as it moved towards Florida. A Milton is expected to hit Florida as a major hurricane category three or higher. Now FEMA's administrator says the agency is ready for the tropical storm that's expected to slam Florida as a hurricane this week. Deanne Criswell from ABC's this week told ABC's this week, excuse me, FEMA is funneling resources into the state and coordinating with local officials. Chriswell also pushed back against rumors circulating on social media and from the Republican administration that the agency is underfunded because resources are going to assist undocumented immigrants. Now she insisted these rumors are not true and aren't helpful to recovery efforts from that of Hurricane Helene.


Now Florida Governor Ron DeSantis, he is advising those in the storm's path to evacuate cautioning that time is running out to prepare. He also declared a state of emergency in 15 counties in preparation for that storm's landing. Now Vice President Harris, she was in North Carolina over the weekend surveying the damage left by Hurricane Helene. She spoke to local officials before being briefed on about the ongoing recovery efforts across the state. Let's hear from Vice President Kamala Harris. The work that's happening here that is so positively impacting so many people is really an example of the best we can do when we bring resources together at the federal, state and local level. And so I thank everyone for all the work that they've been doing.


Those who are in the room and those who are out there right now working around the clock. You know it's actually nuts that at a time like this FEMA has to You know take the, take the time to debunk lies created by the GOP. Like I I I know it's election season, but everything can't be politicized. Like this is a natural disaster. People are dead, people are hurt, people are injured. People need help. It don't matter if they Democrat, it don't matter if they Republican, just figure out how to help them. Like they don't be, I don't like when they use that You know and politicize it and weaponize it You know just to just to get at their political opponents. That's whack. Absolutely. So more than 225 people have died and hundreds are still missing as a result of this storm. This comes as the Biden administration has released $100 million and 500 active duty troops to help.


And that's just for North Carolina alone. The search and recovery efforts and of course hurricane relief. That money will help the North Carolina Department of Transportation for immediate repairs. Transportation Secretary Pete Buttigieg said they're providing the initial round of funding so there's no delay to getting roads repaired and reopening and reestablishing critical routes because there is still devastating flooding and huge traffic backups in North Carolina. Now during a rally in Juneau, Wisconsin on Sunday, that's when Trump doubled down on those comments regarding the last disaster relief efforts saying that they remain underfunded as the Biden administration spends money elsewhere.


Let's hear from former President Trump in Juno, Wisconsin. They send hundreds of billions of dollars to foreign nations and You know what they're giving our people. 750 bucks. This is the worst response to a storm or a catastrophe or a hurricane that we've ever seen. Ever. Yeah. So, and he's actually compared that, he said it's worse than even that of Katrina. This was Trump's fourth appearance in Wisconsin in the past nine days. Of course he's in those swing states making a push to get voters to vote for him. So the Biden administration of course responded to these, calling them bald face lies and saying that they were, of course, like you said, Charlemagne using Hurricane Helene to li lie and divide us.


And You know politicize that issue on the, and And, and the $750 is, is true, but that's just the beginning thing. Like the problem that you got, you gotta apply for, for anything else you need. Right. So that's the serious needs assistance, which is $750 and it does go to essential psych, food, water, baby formula, breastfeeding, supplies, anything else else. But also that's not, like you said, that's just the start of it. That's one of many assistances being offered to those people being impacted by the storm. So we'll continue to talk about that. Trump also came back to Butler, Pennsylvania, that location where he had that assassination attempt on his life in July. So we'll talk more about that at 7:00 AM Can't get enough about former President Trump today.


Alright, thank you Morgan. Everybody else get it off your chest. 805 8 5 1 0 5 1 If. you need to vent. Phone lines are wide open. Let us know what you did this weekend. If. you had a great weekend and bad week and whatever it may be, get it off your chest. 805 8 5 1 0 5 1. The, Breakfast. Club. Good morning The. Breakfast Club. This Is your time to get it off your chest. Whether you're mad or Blessed, You better have to save anything. We wanna hear from you on The. Breakfast. Club. Hello? Who's this? Hey, this is to every day the everyday Guy. How's it going man? What's up brother? Get it off your chest Man. I just wanted to call because I always hear Trav and Sean going at it about songs. And.


I just wanted to be letting known that the everyday people have spoken nothing against Sean Trav just got the better song. It's really just that simple man. The song that Sean got is not creative. It's not, he just don't got it right now. He gotta come back. They like Kayla Clark and Angel Reese. They need each other for the rivalry, but, but Sean just ain't got it right now. It's, it's, it's, Travis got the song. That's the last thing Sean wanted to hear on this fine Monday morning. You just ruined his day. The whole rest of his day is ruined now. Hey, I I I'm just letting him know it's nothing that, it's nothing against him personally. We going listen because You know. We're trying to see which one of them is better. You know, it's, it's such a long rivalry going on. We going, we want, I get it.


Alright man. Hello. Who's this? This is Leroy from Florida. How you doing this morning? Leroy from Florida. How you feeling Leroy? I'm not too bad. I'm not too bad. Hey, before I get into this hurricane that Trump debacle over in Puerto Rico, can I get a shout out to my sister's business? Carrell posh. She does luxury handbags. Absolutely. Shout out to her. I appreciate it. Check out on social and website re p.com. But listen, people forget that Trump deed Maria, when she hit Puerto Rico, that hurricane man, she, she tore up the island and his response was horrible. He was throwing purple towels at the people man. Oh I remember that. Continued, ruined it.


Yep, I remember that. But I appreciate you guys. I just wanted to mention that this morning. How you Doing down there in Florida? How you holding it up brother? Man, so far so good. We in central Florida. And I used to say I don't get out of bed for one or a two. It gotta be a three or better. But this one here got me worried. Oh boy. Well be safe out there. Alright, thanks man. I appreciate your time And don't be scared to leave the house, If. you gotta go Man. I feel you on that. You know, It's so crazy nowadays, climate change got everything so unpredictable that You know. Just because it's a category one, two, or three. It don't ma don't mean that it won't be catastrophic. That's Right. You know. Hello? Who's this? Yes, this is Manuel. I would like to get it off my chest. I've cough before You know. I just wanna say one thing.


I know this, every time you guys pay Trump, you always cut him short and don't let him talk fully. And I would also like to say that they donated $760 towards a hurricane. Meanwhile, illegal immigrants is getting way more money than that. That's not right. That's not true though. We just That is true. No, Kamala Harris came out. There's a, there's a video of Kamala Harris saying that you gave $750. You need to go check that out. Yes. Also, oh they, they gave $750 initially. 'cause that's what FEMA does. And then you have to, that's No money. But listen, But listen sir, sir, You's illegal sir, but Coming In here and you spending thousands of dollars on illegal immigrants, meanwhile the citizen is getting seven 50.


That's not, that's not right. That's not true bro. fema, FEMA even said that's not true. Also for things to go down there, there, there's nothing to understand. We've gotta a vote. Donald Trump, everything is gonna be cheap and affordable. Goodbye you man. You gotta go. There's nothing to understand about it. If. you keep come outta Harrison office, your eggs, that $6 gonna be $20 a piece Also. That's just simply not true. I mean, FEMA has debunked that. Yes, people get $750 and just like any other time you have to apply for You. know the rest you have to apply for whatever other You know issues that you're having. 750 is just for immediate relief. Like food and essentials.


You have to apply for the rest. Get it off your chest. 805 8 5 1 0 5 1 If. you need to vent. Hit us up now. It's The, Breakfast Club. Good morning The. Breakfast Club. I'm telling, I'm telling. Hey, what you doing man? Call calling. Yo. This is your time to get it off your, whether you're mad or blessed. 5 8 5 1 5 1. We wanna hear from you on The. Breakfast. Club. Hello? Who's this? What's up man? It's X from Pittsburgh. Oh Ax. You sick right now? Waking up this morning, huh? It's okay bro. I'm real sick bro. It's crazy. I seen all y'all gay cowboy boys fans everywhere too. Yeah. One job X one job X.


No, no. Pickens had one job. He killed my poor leg. I ain't watched it. Game went to sleep. I had to wake up at three in the morning. But Let the record show too. He get 40 yards. He couldn't get 40 yards. The Cowboys got three wins on the road this year. Okay. That's saying a lot. But He really got on his face. On his face. He really picked last night. Always effing open and he got 26 yards for the whole game. Give of them. Don't get a Day. Well X my Giants one. So sorry for your Pittsburgh stealing Side. I ain't ask you bro. Giant. I'm just, I'm just, I'm just telling you we we, we still what? Have a good one though. Will You pick your team just based off of like where you from? Like how do I like, I wanna get in on This. It's, well it's where you grew up. My dad used to take me to Giants games. We used to watch You know Giants together as a family.


So I was a Giants fan growing Up. It's not where you grew up up because I didn't grow up in Texas. The Cowboys. Yeah, but we didn't have a football team growing growing up. They don't football team. So being that we didn't have a football team in South Carolina, a lot of people were Steelers fans, Cowboys fans, Redskins fans. I gotta Figure this out. Mm. You a Philly fan. You should be, you should be an Eagles fan. Okay. You from Delaware, close to Delaware. I gotta, but what if I don't like the Eagles? You Pick a team but you gotta stay with that team. I mean, I don't know if I don't I'm just asking like, But you just gotta stay with the team. You can't go from Hello? Who This Hold Them down. That's right. Hey, What's going on y'all? That first one? Good morning. Good morning friend. Sounds real crazy. If, you got us on Bluetooth for speaker. Please take us off. I asked You know I right and confessed that.


Me and my wife had got into a lot of stupid, I wanted to say I'm saw You know a lot of guys don't have, don't have the mental to know the value and apologizing and own mistake really has And. I could say I'm sorry for her behind closed doors. But it's a whole nother thing to do it. And The World was listening and what we was fighting about really wasn't what the argument, what the issue was. I know it was about financial And. I just wanted to say, Jody, Ms. Middleton, your husband loves you and I'll always love you. And what happened? It was a small argument that went left. And then is it, it wound up being about something that had nothing to do with now y'all beefing and arguing and you sleeping in the next Room. Yeah. You know, like we was saying a whole bunch of things that it's not really the issue.


And when you look at like what started at all, it's just financial You know things are tight and money was spent. What? What stuff? The other one and it's like You know what? It's really not that big of a deal and it didn't have to go as tie. Got whoever we're talking about things that has nothing to do with it. Yep. I'm glad you apologize. Hopefully she had this brother, My wife. I apologize. Hopefully she listening this morning. Yeah, yeah that too. Oh Hey. Hey. But listen, why not just tell her You probably did Well You know, I'm pretty sure people hear this. Her name is out there. Everybody listen to the Forgot. I'm sure she would like to hear from you too. Face to face.


You know you looking her in her eyes as well. My brother. Oh please Believe I'm voice back and you gotta hear it over dinner tonight. And I won't look And. I just there you go. There you go. Hearing the play, I love you even more. Okay, Thank you. Now get it off your chest. 805 8 5 1 0 5 1. If. you need to vent. Phone lines are wide open now we got Jess with the mess with Long LaRosa coming up. What we talking about? We do. Diddy's mom is finally spoken out about everything that's been going on. So we're gonna get into that. Alright, we'll talk about that when we come back. It's The, Breakfast. Club. Good morning The. Breakfast Club. Morning everybody. It's DJ Envy. Jess. Hilarious. Charlamagne the guy We are The Breakfast. Club. Let's get to just with the Mess with Lauren LaRosa you.


News is Real. Moore just don't do no lie. She don't nobody. Worldwide. Worldwide mess on The, Breakfast Club. The coaches with Lauren. Lauren Osa. I'm back. And I got the mess. Talk. Talk to me. Diddy's mom has finally spoken out amidst everything that is happening right now, Janice Small Combs provided a statement to some outlets via her attorney. So she starts off by saying it's very heartbreaking to see her son judged not for the truth. Before a narrative created out of lies, she says, to bear witness to what seems to be a public lynching of my son before he has had the opportunity to prove his innocence in pain is a pain to, to unbearable, to put into words like every human being.


My son deserves to have his day in court to finally share his side and to prove his innocence. She also spoke on the Cassie video, like just seeing the video itself. And she says, I'm not here to portray my son as a perfect as perfect because he is not. He has made mistakes in his past as we all have. My son may not have been entirely truthful about certain things such as denying he has ever gotten violent with an ex-girlfriend when that hotel surveillance showed us otherwise. She also talked the fact about the fact that Diddy decided to settle with Cassie. And she says sometimes the truth in a lie becomes so closely intertwined that it becomes terrifying to admit one part of the story is especially when that truth is outside of the norm or is too complicated to believe. This is why I believe my son's civil team, civil legal team opted to settle with the ex-girlfriend in that lawsuit instead of contesting it until the end resulting in a ricochet effect as a federal government used this decision against my son by interpreting it as an admission of guilt.


She then goes on to talk about the several different allegations that he has right now that he has right now accusing him of sexual assault. And she says, not being entirely straightforward about one's issue does not.


The. World is constantly changing. It's up to you to decide how to respond. Choose to be bold to try something new. Choose to reinvent yourself. That's what Nissan did with the all new totally reimagined kicks. The dynamic new exterior styling immediately announces that Nissan isn't messing around the interior. A completely redesigned cabin with premium features like wireless Apple call play and a panoramic moonroof make driving a kicks immersive and exciting. And with new performance and safety features like intelligent All wheel Drive, the Kicks is both fun and safer to drive than ever before. It is the dawning of a brand new era for the Nissan Kicks. Only one question remains. Is it a new era for you as well? Drive the all new Reimagined Nissan kicks today. Available Features compatible device service and consumer activation of Nissan Connect services. Package required use only when safe and legal subject to third party service availability For more information, see Nissan usa.com/connect/legal. Apple CarPlay is a trademark of Apple Link Intelligent all-Wheel Drive cannot prevent collisions or provide enhanced traction in all conditions. Always monitor traffic and weather conditions.


Focus features presents piece by piece a first of its kind Lego movie event. The story of revolutionary artists. Ferrell Williams. Turns up the volume on your imagination with a big screen experience like no other. Discover what it takes to build the greatest music ever assembled with a star stud lineup. Snoop Dogg, Kendrick Lamar, Gwen Stefani, Justin Timberlake, Jay-Z Busta Rhymes, dab punk and more piece by piece rated PG directed by Morgan Deville Opens October 11th and theaters everywhere. Get tickets at piece by piece film.com.


Hey everybody, the time has finally come this week, starting Monday, October 7th, going daily through Friday, October 11th. Bo and Yang And I Matt Rogers are unveiling the iconic 400. Yes, these are the top 400 people in all of culture and we're unveiling all of them. Number three. 72. 72. Nancy, Nancy Kerrigan. Why we will never really Know Why, Why We have worked tirelessly on this list. I am Michael Babar. That's really good. Once, once you hear I am Michael Babar You know exactly who is talking and we really think it's gonna resonate. Christian. She not Christian. Happily flying a pride flag. Also, there might be a little bit of a surprise or two in there. So listen carefully. Hint, hint Friday, listen to Lost Callistus on Will Ferrell's Big Money Players Network on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts or wherever you get your podcasts.


Definitely Car Galicia was a Maltese investigative journalist who on October 16th, 2017 was murdered. There are crooks everywhere you look. Now the situation is desperate. My name is Manuel Delia. I am one of the hosts of Crooks Everywhere. A podcast that unearths the plot to murder A one-woman. WikiLeaks. Stephanie exposed the culture of crime and corruption that were turning her beloved country into a mafia state. And she paid the ultimate price. Listen to crooks everywhere on the iHeartRadio app. apple Podcasts or wherever you get your podcasts to listen to new episodes one week early and 100% a free subscribe to the iHeart True Crime Plus channel available exclusively on apple Podcasts.


I felt too seen Dragged. I'm nk and this is basket case. So I basically had what back in the day, They would call a nervous breakdown. I was crying And. I was inconsolable. It was just very big sudden swaps of different Meds. What is wrong with me? Oh look at you. Gimme therapy girl. Finally a show for the mentally ill girlies on basket case. I talk to people about what happens from what we call mental health is shaped by the conditions of The World we live in because If, you haven't noticed. We are experiencing some kind of conditions that are pretty hard to live with. But If, you struggle to cope. The society that created the conditions in the first place will tell you there's something wrong with you and it will call you a basket case. Listen to basket case. Every Tuesday on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts or wherever you get your podcasts,


Me and my son is guilty of the repulsive allegations and grave charges leveled against him. Many individuals who were wrongly convicted and later exonerated had their freedom taken from them. Not because they were guilty of any crimes they were accused of, but because they didn't fit the image of what the, of what society considers to be a good person. She put good person in quotations. History has showed us how individuals can be wrongfully convicted due to their past actions or mistakes. So this is a statement that came over the, out over the weekend. And And I mean. I mean it's her son. I didn't expect her to say anything else. Exactly. You know what I mean? Not staying with her son. That's mom. Mom's gonna always drive over their babies. Yep. Yeah. You get sentenced to a hundred years for killing 27 million people and they'll be like, but that's my baby.


Or he's not the person Y'all bet portraying him to be. Yeah, I just, I I, she mentioned have his day in court and speak his speech and, and You know that the, you had reported that his attorney said that he's gonna take the stand. I'm just really trying to figure out what is he going to say. Like how do you get on the stand? I'm sure He gonna try to clear his and talk your way out this and explain things, but I don't think it's a great idea. And I, I'm sure his attorneys will try to talk him out of it. You just get, you get caught up on, on talking on the stand. You try to explain too much. So that's why most times attorneys tell you just shut that Up. You don't, you don't get caught up If you telling the truth You know what I'm saying? True. You only, you only you only get caught up when you lying. Yeah. But The Problem is when you, when you lie, you gotta remember your next lie. When you tell the truth, you just tell the truth. Right. But when you got on there and said, You know you never did anything and then the video comes out and you gotta come up and apologize and that's don't lie.


That's probably to the point why they don't want him to be on that stand Or because they know he gonna lie. It's too much to go back and forth. 'cause he gotta explain why he lied the first time. I, because He lied. I don't know if, Because You know, he You know he was trying to escape something. Right. I just don't dunno if I have faith enough in him based off the actions that we've seen for him to get up there and fully take accountability and be like, I lied. I'm gonna tell the truth. Now. I I just don't know. And I don't know if that, I don't think that that would help him. But I mean this is, it's had her, she mentioned a ricochet effect and it, it has affected a lot of other people. Isha Young Miami was outside in the streets this weekend. Y'all know she has Isha please that drop. So she's been moving around. She had an interaction with a fan that was directly tied to this Diddy stuff.


Let stick listen in. Would you sign this? No. Oh, where you playing? Go ahead. Go ahead, please Go ahead bro. I love you. Go ahead bro. Go ahead bro. That that's crazy. Go ahead. Go ahead bro. They so the fan in this video comes up to Karisha's car and she puts her window down like You know she's about to greet the fan and he pulls out a bottle, baby Oil and asks her to sign the bottle. Baby oil, Corny people are So bold. Folks do anything for attention, anything to go viral. And, I, And, I. Hope that works out for him in life. I wonder if, if she'd have been with some people that would've beat his ass, then what? Oh, Then he would've sued and he would've got a whole lot of money for it. Right. But I damn If you do. Damn If you don't, I was just thinking like at that point, honestly, security should have tackled him like that.


We don't know what, what you bringing on pocket you Can sue. You just can't tackle people for saying, I wanna sign something. It it's effed up and he deserves an ass whipping, but he would sue. I don't know. I just feel like That And then Miami be at a couple hundred thousand. Audacity is at an all time high right now. And, I. I don't know that that, that young man, God bless him. But I feel like my security, I would've been like, you, you need to make an example outta him. So then moving on from this LeBron James and Bronny James played together for the first time in the NBA. Oh, Preseason. Preseason. I'm sorry. Did you guys, y'all watch the game? I did. I didn't see it. I didn't see the whole game. I saw the highlights of it. How Did you feel about It? I feel like You know in, in a lot of ways. It's good to see. No, and it's, it's great to see them out there on the court together.


Yes. But I just feel like You know Bronny James might be getting a disservice done to him because I don't think he's ready for the NBAI Don't think he's ready. I mean, he was the 55th pick. Right. So a lot of times when you pick that late, you are usually not ready. They put you in the G League for a year, a couple of months. Get Yourself. I I think that's what he should be. Get Your body acclimated and Back up are all he should have. He should, he should have stayed in college. Don't get me wrong. It's a fantastic story. But is it a fantastic story if he's not successful on the court? Like how, like you want the story to have a a, a great story arc. Right? True. You don't want it to just be something that, oh this is great and then he's out of the league. Yeah. Next season. I just, I mean I, y'all know, I don't watch sports all the time, but when I saw the videos I'm like, Aw, he looks like that's dope. It was dope. It was lit to see it.


But he did, he looked like the little kid on the court out there like You know what I mean? He Just don't look ready for the NBA. That's really just it. You Got the SATs up still. Oh, from the son's game? It wasn't, I don't have the, I think he, they said he played 16 minutes. He had two rebounds. Yeah. I don't know. I mean I think it's good to see, I know we champion for it, but it, it wasn't giving big brownie out there on the court. It was giving, oh look at LeBron's son. And That's another thing too. You comparing him to his dad. You gonna always do do that. Not I am. A lot of people are. I'm not everybody in The. World is are If, you seen him on that court with LeBron James? Yes. No, A lot of people are. I am not comparing him to LeBron James. I'm comparing him to other NBA players. Right. Just, just all just period. He just don't look ready for the the NBA. Did you see The Warriors we're gonna draft him to try to get LeBron to come to the Warriors?


I heard that rumor. That's a rumor. Allegedly. Yeah. He just don and listen, I think it's great that You know LeBron has that kind of power to where he can have them draft his son and make his podcast host the head coach. That's the other thing that people don't talk about. J did coach guys. No, no. JJ Regg has never coached before. No College high school. Nothing. No. So it's good that it's great that it's great that LeBron has that kind of power to where he can make things. I like that happen. But those things have to be successful. If JJ Reddick is not successful as a coach, if LeBron James isn't successful as a player, it looks bad on LeBron. Right? True. But can't can't LeBron little LeBron, LeBron James Jr. Can he grow in on the court You? know what I mean? Of course. Like is that a bad grow in front of our eyes? Yeah, but Of course. But usually they grow in the G league because he could play more because I No, I hope that's the case.


I'm not rooting for the the guy to do do bad. I want, I want Ronnie James James because He'll never get the reps in the NBA. It Gotta be tough to be LeBron James son. Of Course. Well That's the first hour y'all. Alright that's just with the mess with Lauren LaRosa. Now when we come back we got front page news. So don't go anywhere as The Breakfast Club. Good morning. Morning everybody. It's DJ NVH. Just hilarious. Charlamagne the guy we are The. Breakfast. Club. Lauren LaRosa filling in for Jess. And let's get in some front page news. Start off with some quick sports. Yesterday, nine 30 in the morning, which I actually love. They just played the Vikings, they lost 2317. They were playing in London. The Bears beat the Panthers. 36 10 commanders beat the Browns. The Jaguars beat the Colts. The Dolphins beat the Patriots. The Texas beat the Bills. Ravens beat the Bengals.


Cardinals beat the 49 ERs. The Broncos beat the Raiders. My giants beat the Seahawks last night. 29 20 Packers beat the Rams Cowboys beat the Steelers. That game was delayed. So it didn't actually start until like an hour and a half to after the fourth Delay is not denial though. The delay is not denial. My cowboys won 20 to 17. We on the road to the Super Bowl, man. Yeah, that game didn't finish till like after 1:00 AM and then Monday night Football, the Chiefs take on the Saints at eight 15 WNBA. The ACEs lost to the liberty. They're outta here. Liberty beat 'em 76 62. The sun in the length stay tied the series in Major League baseball. Mets lost to the Phillies. This game two is is the series is tied one one and the Padres tied the Dodgers.


So the series is tied for them as well Being. By the way, we are not talking about how fantastic that Finish was with the Cowboys. Okay, Dak Prescott threw a touchdown with 20 seconds left. You didn't see it. You was sleeping to win the game. There's no such thing as this replay in the morning. You shut up. Nope. I didn't see Dallas Cowboys with 20 seconds left. No game winning touchdown. Do I count? Okay, drop on a cool bomb for Dak Prescott. Damn Clu. Good morning Morgan. I'm like, can we talk about what's really important here? How? How did your team do this weekend? Morgan? I'm just curious. Y'all one Raven one. Oh no, the Ravens did. They stressed me out. But we, we came out with a W. So I'm good. Ravens looking good. Other team, the Washington commanders, they, they look good. So yeah, I don't Like you having two teams, but Ravens look good. I'm Happys look good too. I Was gonna say the one I look, I'm gonna give you one. That's why you You know you was looking for a team.


I'm gonna give you one of mine. Okay, let's get into it. Former President Donald Trump. Yeah. So he was back in Butler, Pennsylvania on Saturday for the first time since the assassination attempt on his, on his life in July. Now he spoke to a crowd of nearly 100,000 saying there's no place he'd rather be, let's hear from Trump in Butler You. know I could right now be having a beautiful life. I don't have to be here. I could instead, I could be on a gorgeous beach someplace. I have such nice property. I could be, I could be in Monte Carlo as an example, but I'd rather be in Butler with you. Our movement to make America great again, stand stronger, prouder, more united, more determined and nearer to victory than ever before.


We're going to make America great again. Yeah. So Trump talked about how the shooter did not succeed in his attempt and he thanked secret service agents who protected him that day, calling them heroes. He also spoke about the firefighter who was killed while shielding his family during the shooting and asked for a a moment of silence. Now Elon Musk was also at that rally. He also spoke briefly claiming the American democracy would be lost if Trump doesn't win. Adding the upcoming presidential election was the most important election of our time. Now both Trump and Musk implore the crowd to make sure that their voter registration is up to date. Of course, massive security was put in place for this event. Secret servicing the Republican candidate received heightened protection. Law enforcement presence was highly visible throughout the rally and included drones and additional uniformed officers and counter snipers.


Now meanwhile, vice president, Republican vice presidential nominee and Ohio Senator j JD Vance. He rallied in Georgia over the weekend where he called out vice president Kamala Harris saying under the Biden administration, Americans have been having a hard time making on having choice, hard choices to pay for things like food, their credit cards, bills and things of that nature. Let's hear more from JD Vance as rally in Georgia. Maybe if we've been in politics for 30 years, we could stand as the sitting vice president and tell people that we're gonna do something on day one. Well, Kamala Harris, you've been vice president for three and a half years. Day one was 1400 days ago. What the hell have you been doing? And if the future presidency of Donald J. Trump represents anything, it is that we are getting back to stamping more products made in the USA.


We're gonna make our own stuff and we're gonna do it with American working people. Yeah. So on the other side of the aisle, democratic vice presidential nominee, Tim Walls, he sat down for an exclusive interview with Fox News Sunday and he talked about how Israel should respond to last week's missile attack by Iran. Now Walls insisted Israel does have the right to defend itself, but he wouldn't say whether Israel should retaliate by striking, by striking, excuse me, Iranian nuclear facilities or oil fields. Let's hear from Governor Walls on what's happening with Israel. The Specific operations will be dealt with at the time. But being very clear on this, I ran, there were consequences for what they do. That's what's happening right now. Israel's right to defend itself is not in question.


We need the hostage returned and we need to bring an end to the humanitarian Christ. In Gaza, He went on to say the US should work to deescalate the situation and promote a peaceful solution. He noted that Harris's campaign support for campaign's, support for Israel, and of course against this comes after Iran launched nearly 200 missiles at Israeli military and intelligence facilities last week in response to an assassination of Hamas and ha Hezbollah leaders in Iran and Lebanon. Any thoughts? You know One place where I think they mess up in regards to messaging. Like You know, you'll listen to a lot of reporters and they'll be talking to Trump or JD Vance and they'll be talking to them about things that are happening right here in America because it is an election season right here in America.


So there's so many things that we care about here, like right, so it's always America first, but then You know you go to 10 walls and they're asking him about geopolitical politics. And, I think a lot of times that makes them sound You know very out of touch. That makes them sound very outta touch to what's actually going on right here in America. Oh, talking about things that's Happening overseas. Yeah. And not talking about what's here. Yeah, but that, but that's what they're being asked Not Yeah, exactly. Not saying that that stuff is important, but not, but that stuff gets highlighted over You know what's happening right here in this country. And when you hear You know the Vance's and the Trumps talking about what's happening here at home and saying things like America First Yep. Make America great again. That messaging sometimes resonates. Yeah. A lot more. Absolutely not. Sometimes it does resonate a lot more because People can, they live in it.


Exactly. Because you saw what happened in North Carolina as soon as you, I think this weekend they announced how much money they was sending to, I think it was Lebanon. People got outraged because they was like, yo, what about us right here in North Carolina. So like that America first messaging goes, goes much farther. Especially during election season. Yep. Y'all aren't the only ones concerned. Of course, president Biden, he's concerned about the upcoming election. He made comments during his first appearance at the White House briefing room as president, basically saying that the things that Donald Trump is saying is dangerous. But I won't get too much into that. There's so much more news to talk to y'all about and I'll be back tomorrow with more. That's your front page news. I'm Morgan Wood, follow me on social at Morgan Media. And for more news coverage, make sure you check out the Black Information Network.


Download the free iHeartRadio app and visit bi news.com. Thank y'all. Thank you Morgan. Thank you Morgan. Great Week. Alright, now when we come back, 805 8 5 1 0 5 1 our very own. Lauren LaRosa was out at homecoming Delaware State And two men told her about herself this weekend. Salute to those brothers for telling the damn truth. So tell, Tell the people what happened quickly. So, okay, we can open up the phone lines. People could high At you. So one of the, one of the people, neither people I really like respect and trust. So one of the people, You know it was a little back and forth with a ex on, not me and him. Him And his ex. Yeah. Him and his Ex had a, you filmed it and then the next day you sent it to him. Had a little back and forth. That's jealous. And. I. I'm like, You know. I called him the next day and was like, whoa. Hey. Like you all right? You know you was back and forth for 45 minutes.


You good? Damn. Most Of the Time his energy completely shut it down from the rip. Like Uhuh, I'm not doing this with you because number one, I'm gonna be honest with you. I feel like you need to get yourself together and then spin a block because you don't understand taking accountability. We wouldn't be here. There wouldn't be no back and forth, no exes, If. you knew what you wanted a long time ago. Damn. And I was, I literally was like, whoa, like hold on. Then another guy and Then yeah, then another friend was basically we, we were having a conversation about consistency. And I was saying like, You know you're not really consistent. So I'm kind of like falling back a bit. And he was like, well you make it hard to be consistent. Like, how can I be when you wanna be in control of everything. And I was like, hold on, You need to fix yourself. That's, that's what they're saying. I was at Branch like, dang.


When you looked in that mirror, did you tell yourself the truth after hearing that those, those truthful statements by those two men, what did you look in the mirror and say, I am the problem. It's me. I'm the problem, it's me. But What's the question? Let's open up the phone lines maybe A little bit. We'll Come, we'll come back and talk to you. What's the question? The question is, shout out to those kings You. know what I'm saying? For owning they power. Okay. And knowing their worth and knowing what they want to be involved with. And that day is not Lauren LaRosa. Okay. They don't want to be involved. So what Is question Would somebody, Hold On. They're so heavily involved Though. Somebody consistently stays outside. Does Lauren LaRosa need to fix herself? Is that the question We're saying this? Yes. A lot of people Do. 5 8 5 1 0 5 1. Thank you. Does I not just me, Lauren LaRosa need to fix herself.


Should maybe she go to therapy and find out what's going on with herself. I agree. So that maybe she could spread her wings and have a relationship. But right now she needs to fix her herself. If you needs therapy. The mental wealth expert is this Saturday. I a baby from 11:00 AM at four. 4:00 PM It's the fourth into Wealth Expo. It's a free event. You might need to go's a lot there because there's a lot of psychiatrists gonna be There that now we talking priorities. You Should be there. What time is the baby shower? It's, it's at like two o'clock. It's in Delaware. You should come at 11. You should come 11 to 12 and then drive to Delaware. You need it? Well Let's, let's open up the phone lines. 805 B 5 1 0 5 1 is The. Breakfast. Club. Good morning The. Breakfast Club Daddy calling my phone. It's topic time.


Call (800) 585-1051 to join into the discussion with The Breakfast. Club. Morning everybody. It's DJ. JNV Jess. Hilarious. Charlemagne Mc guy. We are The Breakfast. Club. Now just joining us, Laura LaRosa had a time of her life. Oh my God. I'm still filling Jess. Hilarious. She was at homecoming this weekend and she got some, some real realizations this weekend from some two gentlemen that said you're the problem. So break down what happened? Well one of them just basically told me that I've been playing games for a really long time and at this point we grown and he feels like the games are still happening. So he don't wanna hear nothing about nobody else. But what I'm going to do, what accountability am I gonna take for where we are or lack thereof.


And he told me I need to work on myself and then spin the block. He's right. And I sometimes. No, he specifically said to me, and it wasn't even at a place at Malice. It is. It was, it was No, no, no. Wasn't it was more was he honestly, he was just like, he was like, I think he's like, I don't know if maybe you just need to take time to yourself. I know that you were in a relationship for a little minute, but like, I think that that might help you. Like you might figure out some stuff about Your, but what you did was wild. That was sound advice. Like, Like, like, like let's break down what you did. First of all, he didn't even know he was on campus arguing with his ex. He, they were having a conversation. You secretly recorded it. I happened to be scanning the, the room you secretly recorded and he happened to be in the video And then you hit em later on and send them the video and say Stop playing games. Get with me.


Pretty much what you said. That's not what I said. That's not what I said. I just said You know you have a lot of time to do a lot of things, including are you for about an hour. You right. Just checking on you You know, just making sure you good. That Was A little shady. That was a lot shady Arguing takes a mental toll on you. I'm just making sure you good. Basically what happened was the guy was with you. You wanted the guy to be spending that hour talking to you. Yes. Flirting with you is what you basically said. But He was with the ex and then when you called him on, he played you and was like, you need to fix yourself and then come back later on. I don't Think he played you. I think that what he said is true. No, I didn't feel played. I felt, honestly, I was like, dang. It made me realize, I'm like, we really grown. 'cause he ain't never talked to me like this. Yeah, because he, he normally be with all my games on because He knows what he wants. Yeah. 'cause Y'all was 20, 20 something years old and now y'all 30 plus years old and he's looking at you like, damn Lauren, you still out here getting drunk, Wilding bugging out.


You still acting like you a freshman and Kyle Locker. He didn't, he didn't care about none of that. He was, he was adding to the antics. He was passing the bottles Along and his friend just hit you this morning. What his friend say? His Friend said, I'm not, he was like, I'm cracking up because he told us. But it is your fault though. Damn. And I'm like, dang, like it two-way streets do exist, y'all. And that wasn't the only guy that that that pulled you to the side. N No. Another guy pulled you to the side and said what? He just basically said, I make it hard to be consistent. I make it hard to, like, I'm, I'm trying to be too in control. I'm a little bit in my own way lying. So that left me You know, just thinking like You know. Wow These, first of all, I do feel though some of it is a little bit of a cop out. What you mean? I think sometimes when you tell people about something or how you feel about something, it's the easiest thing to throw back.


Well, you this, you that. The first person I don't feel like that with. 'cause he's never done that. He normally just takes whatever I'm saying and how I feel. Second person, I feel like it was a bit of a cop out because he's in a very tricky situation right now. And. I was calling him out on some stuff and he, but it did make me think though, because I'm like, wow, maybe there were times where like he was trying to do certain stuff, but because it wasn't when I wanted or how I wanted it, I just was like, nah, I'm cool. Damn. Because I could be very, no, I'm cool. So You know and my homegirl was in the car with me when I was on the phone with the first guy and when we hung up she was like, man, like it's crazy being the girl and hearing that. 'cause we so used to being the people that get on the guys. You Sound a little desperate.


No, I don't even Think it's that you sat in a video of him arguing with his ex. You Gotta understand our relationship. That sounds Like a little desperate. You gotta understand our relationship to understand why it's not, it's not a desperation thing. I think it was just like a, I be picking at him, I be, I think I'd just be testing the temperature. Like, let me see if I can still get a brows outta you. And he instantly was like, stop doing that. Mm, I don't wanna do that anymore. I was like, wow. Well there's a lot of people on the phone that would look, would like to holler You. Oh God, the phone lines is lit up. Hello, who's this? This is Denise. Hey Denise. Good morning. Good morning. I just wanna say for Lauren, I don't know. I feel there's fault on both ends. I do think everybody should go to therapy. That's number one. I agree. I have a master's like yes, go to therapy.


But I also wanna say if he felt back then you didn't wanna be in a relationship and you voiced that. Okay. But I feel in this present day, he's still saying that If, you were ready for a relationship back then. Why didn't he stick around and work with you? I feel relationships. You don't know if you're ready for a relationship until you're in one. So I don't know. I think a big part of it was I was in a relationship for a while. Like when, when we, when I first met the first person, we were freshmen, And, I. I was And. I had just got into a relationship. So it was nothing that we could really do per


The. World is constantly changing. It's up to you to decide how to respond. Choose to be bold to try something new. Choose to reinvent yourself. That's what Nissan did with the all new totally reimagined kicks. The dynamic new exterior styling immediately announces that Nissan isn't messing around the interior. A completely redesigned cabin with premium features like wireless Apple call play and a panoramic moonroof make driving a kicks immersive and exciting. And with new performance and safety features, like intelligent all-wheel drive, the kicks is both fun and safer to drive than ever before. It is the dawning of a brand new era for the Nissan Kicks. Only one question remains. Is it a new error for you as well? Drive the all new Reimagined Nissan kicks today. Available Features compatible device service and consumer activation of Nissan Connect services. Package required use only when safe and legal subject to third party service availability. For more information seen Nissan usa.com/connect/legal Apple CarPlay is a trademark of Apple Link. Intelligent all wheel drive cannot prevent collisions or provide enhanced traction in all conditions. Always monitor traffic and weather conditions.


Focus features presents piece by piece a first of his kind Lego movie event. The story of revolutionary artist Pharrell Williams. Turns up the volume on your imagination with a big screen experience like no other. Discover what it takes to build the greatest music ever assembled with a star-studded lineup. Snoop Dogg, Kendrick Lamar, Gwen Stefani, Justin Timberlake, Jay-Z Busta Rhymes, dab punk and more piece by piece rated PG directed by Morgan Deville opens October 11th and theaters everywhere. Get tickets at piece by piece film.com.


Hey everybody, the time has finally come this week, starting Monday, October 7th, going daily through Friday, October 11th. Bow and Yang, And I Matt Rogers are unveiling the iconic 400. Yes, these are the top 400 people in all of culture and we're unveiling all of them. Number 3, 70, 72, Nancy, Nancy Kerrigan. We will never really know why, Why We have worked tirelessly on this list. I am Michael Bobro. That's really good. Once, once you hear I am Michael Bobro You know exactly who is talking and we really think it's gonna resonate. Christian. She's not a Kris Happily flying a pride flag. Also, there might be a little bit of a surprise or two in there. So listen carefully. Hint, hint. Friday, listen, I lost Callistus on Will Ferrell's big money players network on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts or wherever you get your podcasts.


De Car Galicia was a Maltese investigative journalist who on October 16th, 2017 was murdered. There are crooks everywhere you look. Now the situation is desperate. My name is Manuel Delia. I am one of the hosts of Crooks Everywhere. A podcast that unearths the plot to murder A one-woman. WikiLeaks Daphne exposed the culture of crime and corruption that were turning her beloved country into a mafia state. And she paid the ultimate price. Listen to crooks everywhere on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts or wherever you get your podcasts to listen to new episodes one week early and 100% a free subscribe to the iHeart True Crime Plus channel available exclusively on apple Podcasts.


I felt too seen Dragged. I'm nk and this is basket case. So I basically had what back in the day, they would Call a nervous breakdown. I was crying And. I was inconsolable. It was just very big sudden swaps of different Meds. What is wrong with me? Oh, look at you. Gimme therapy girl. Finally a show for the mentally ill girlies on basket case. I talk to people about what happens when what we call mental health is shaped by the conditions of The World we live in. Because If, you haven't noticed. We are experiencing some kind of conditions that are pretty hard to live with. But If, you struggle to cope. The society that created the conditions in the first place will tell you there's something wrong with you and it will call you a basket case. Listen to basket case every Tuesday on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts or wherever you get your podcasts.


And then once I stepped out of my relationship, there's been multiple times where we like, oh, maybe we should try it. And it just doesn't go anywhere. So I think, I don't even think it's that he doesn't want to grow with me. I think he just wants to know if we're growing, where are we going? Because he's not blindly doing anything at this point in his life. And, I. I gotta respect it, Baby. I don't Know. I gotta respect it. 'cause I feel like that too. Your voice, Huh? I don't know. Stick up for yourself. I think you should still use your voice. I feel people are so used to trying to humble somebody. Yes. When it's like you generally don't know. So maybe if he could break it down with you, give you exactly what you need to work on and you could tell him what he needs to work on, then maybe y'all don't need to go back and forth with y'all exes. It could just be y'all. But I feel that's what y'all both want.


Then y'all gotta, y'all gotta get together. You Don't wanna play games. That's the thing. You don't wanna play games Anymore. But I did ask, I was like, well what, what? Tell me what to work on. Like, not even just because of him, but because I wanted to hear like And, I wanted to in real time think like, are these things that are actually happening? Like I'm open to taking accountability where I need to, but I do think sometimes guys use the whole Nah, you as a cop out. Shaa. We got Shea in the line. Shaa, good morning. Good morning. What's your thoughts, Shea? I ain't going inside the way. She's, why y'all coming down so hard on my Girls? Hey Shey, Shea. Hey girl. I think it sounds hard because women not used to getting it. We used to giving it, but I think that's why too. I wanted to have a conversation. 'cause me and my home girl, we had a good conversation in the car about, man, how do men really feel about certain things that we do and say, 'cause men don't express it a lot of times.


And She, and they told you so you, those men should be saluted for that. Ain't nothing wrong with it. I respect them. I ain't dragging them. But, but not too much on me though. Charla. No, All on you. Those, those, those all on you, those two was talking to you specifically. It was something they saw this weekend that disgusted them so much that they said, you need Jesus in therapy. Jesus. No, it Wasn't. Hello. Who's this? It's V Hey V. Good morning. What's your thoughts on Lauren? Good morning, y'all. My thought is she is, she's doing good. She has a good head on her shoulder. She, she knows what she wants in life and y'all need to stop trying to bully her into a relationship. That Girl does not know what she Wants. I'm taking my time and she's the one telling. I'm figuring. There you Go.


I might not know everything. I know a lot of it. I might not know all of it, but I, a lot of it You know I'm taking my time and I'm figuring it out as I should be. What you say? I said you do not know what you want. I'm figuring it out. You was in there telling that lie. You I'm figuring it out. See what I'm saying? 805 8 5 1 0 5 1. Lauren was at home coming this week when I get married. And Two gentlemen said, Don't nowhere near no microphone. And Two guys, they said they can't talk to 'cause she needs to fix herself, need to work on Herself. They didn't couldn't, they didn't say they couldn't. They just said, You know in order to progress. Here's what we need to do. Okay? For, for, for that relationship to grow that there is no relationship. But for it to grow, you need to fix yourself. Yeah. I mean, shouldn't shouldn't you be able to pull a person that you care about up like that.


805 8 5 1 0 5 1. Let's discuss this. The breakfast local morning. If y'all talking about it, You know we talking about it. It's topic times. Call 805 8 5 1 0 5 1 to join into the discussion with The Breakfast Club. Morning everybody. It's DJ Envy. Jess. Hilarious Charlemagne ne guy. We are The. Breakfast. Club. Lauren LaRosa filling in for Jess. Now If, you just joining us. Lauren LaRosa, of course went to Delaware State. It was their homecoming and she had a blast. She was If. you follow her on her story. She was lit. Two guys sat her down though, and, and told her she needed to fall back.


Why are you making it seem like they like fall back? Sounds like they opted out. They didn't, they didn't opt out. They still subscribed to the text. So what happened? They just You know, told me that I need to take a little bit of accountability that I be playing, getting 'cause You know how I am envy. Like, yeah, I I I will, if I feel away, I'm gonna say something. I'm gonna call you out about it. No, But you see, you didn't, you you did a little jealous thing. Like I don't, he was talking to his ex. You taped it and then filmed it and, and pretty much was like, this could be us. What you playing? I didn't say this could be us, but you was playing. I said you got a lot of time on your hands, you all this time, 24 hours in a day. You want argue for hour? Wow. You right, you good? That's a little jealousy. That little shade to the XI mean, so we're taking your calls. 805 8 5 1 0 5 1. Hello. Who's this?


Jay? Jay, what's up? What's your thoughts, brother? I mean, one, I don't think putting on The Breakfast Club is the best idea that was take. But she grown. She can, she gonna have to figure out for herself. I mean, what do you need to, you think you need to go to therapy? Go to therapy. Take it seriously. And If you don't. I mean, If, you wanna make other moves, make other moves. At this point in life, you're grown. So I don't think anyone can really tell you what to do with your love life or whatnot. Okay. Hello. Who's this? Yes sir. Jay Ja from N Day. What's up Jay? Hey, I'm team London, Lauren, but I'm gonna compartmentalize and tell her it's her.


Very often do men get a bad rap for not telling women the truth and we all snagging them and cementing them. I've been that problem. But If, you meet a man that's telling you the truth about you. He's being sincere and not disingenuous. So run with it. Lauren. It's you. Damn. It's you. Lauren. Mm, It's me. Hello. Who's this? Hey, this is King. Good Morning King. What's up brother? What's your thoughts? Alright, my thought. First off, I wanna say good morning everybody. Charlamagne bj and good morning. Congratulations on you baby Lauren. All the moving parts to The, Breakfast, Club. I just wanna appreciate y'all. Thank you so much brother. Y'all y'all, y'all make it normal for us every day. But here's my thoughts, Lauren, your ex got on your behind the way that he did because in his time of despair and his time of fighting for his life on social media, like you said, for 45 minutes he battled against somebody else defending his point.


He picked up the phone for you. That's the point that you realized he could have just ignored your car, but he picked up the phone to see what you had to say. And then it is you attacking him as well. Even though he your ex. It's still a sense of peace that we as men appreciate. We You know us getting from a woman. We appreciate the soft side. We appreciate the understanding side and the coincide with what old boy telling you as well. Are you telling him it's hard to be, are you not being consistent? And he's saying it's hard to be consistent. That's because you gotta think about what you presenting every single day. If you not being consistent with the energy that you giving him. How you expect him to buy you flowers and take you on dates and stuff like that when deep down inside he upset about something that you did or that you said or how you dealt with him.


You know and he's still dealing with that. But he can't say it 'cause you so controlling. You're not going to listen when he try to bring it to you You. know what I'm saying? And that's the, that's the message for a lot of women. Y'all don't listen to us no more. Y'all want to control everything, which is fine. We can be compatible together, preach king. But at the same time, you gotta learn how to pump the brakes. Mama preach King. I will say the conversation me and my homegirl had in the car after we hung up that FaceTime was literally that be. I also, I have a younger brother too. And I have a lot of really close guy friends. And one of the things I'm starting to realize is like you the problem, not even me, but like I think women sometimes we have like we select, we're selective about what we as we should be though. 'cause we gotta protect certain stuff.


But we're selective about what we let into our, our ears and what we learn from And, I. Think if we listened to the men around us a little bit more, we wouldn't have a lot of these issues that we be having. That's What I be trying to tell you. You Are the demon. No one wants to hear from you. Er listen to me Lucifer. Okay, listen. Like I think even some women listening to this conversation are gonna be like, they gonna feel attacked. They gonna feel away. So, so we have a gentleman on the phone that's very close to the situation. He goes by the name of Sha Sha. This Y'all love getting sources. Now. Now this, this is No, since you like to call everybody, do your research, call the fans, call this person's attorney. We just call homie's friend Sha, you there?


Yeah, yeah. Or you wanna use an anonymous name? Okay. Miss Sean, this Sean, you Good? All right, Sean. Sean. So tell us about Lauren and what happened, Sean, now you actually went to DSU, you were there for homecoming. You actually seen everything that went down. Nah, I wasn't there for homecoming. But the guy that's my best friend and he told me everything that happened. And what'd he tell you? He told me Lauren be playing. All right. Don't act like the game ain. All right. The game is both ways. How we this man called? We don't wanna hear from you Lauren. Oh my God. Continue. Chang Had Continue. Chang Lauren. Lauren You. know the deal man. My man been trying to spoke to you for years and he been playing for years. I've had a boyfriend, Sean. What are, what are I? You didn't have no boyfriend. You've been up here for two years and you ain't had no boyfriend Sean.


Is it the fact that You know he sees your man with another girl and now she's jealous and now she wanna pull up. She always plays that type of game. Yeah, I think it's that for sure. You think Lauren needs to grow up just from what you see? Yeah. Yeah. Wow. Lauren, it's a thing. I saw your, I'm be honest with you. I saw your videos this weekend from Delaware. Homecoming. And I said the same thing. Lauren needs to grow up. Damn. Especially when I saw you drunk You know slurring all in that hosts ears. Like, God damn, we the man Alone. I was not slurring Anything. I was, I could smell your bro. I'm like, I can just smell the alcohol coming from her. And like being that I've had interactions with Shy Boogie, I'm realizing that's a Delaware State thing. That's how people from Delaware did. Well they shout out the Shot Boogie had a Kanye moment on the mic, bro. Like, but he dead Seen You saw that too.


I will say everybody was indulgent in the festivities at homecoming. The conversations weren't because I was indulgent in festivities. The conversations were because I be pulling up with the energy like stop playing with me. And this time around they was like, stop playing with me. And. I Was so short, it had nothing to do with her hair or the hair under her arms. None of that Don't Play with me. Nah, nah. Why would you even answer That question? What's the problem though? What? What's the problem now? What's Your problem, Lord? What? What you need? What's your problem Lauren? What you mean? What's your problem Lauren? Matter of fact, whenever we see Lauren in the street, anytime you see Lauren, Lauren roast in the street, ask her that question. What? What's your problem Lauren? What? Don't come up to me in the street. Ask you what's my problem's? Because I might not know you. So do you, what's Your, Sean, we appreciate we gonna keep you in the, I don't even understand what you asked.


Just in case we gotta go back and You know and call you again on, on some D what research what? Right? What You mean? What's the problem? I bet. Thank you Bro. What's your problem? Why? You sound like a good Can't get right. Fine man. Right there. And you just playing with all his friends. This is the song is the the bro. That's the bro. I know y'all talking. The story is learning. I'll never find nobody until she do right by herself. Damn. Okay, take your ass to therapy. The fourth annual mental wealth expose is this Saturday. You need to from 11:00 AM to 4:00 PM to Marriott Marque in Times Square, The post of child. You need To come to the free open all ages. There's therapists there, psychiatrists, whatever you need will be there. Lord, you need to be the first. Dr. Sha Ann Brian is there the way she sat down and had an intervention with Cam and Nick Cannon. She needs to do the same with you.


You need to be there first. Yes. First, first walk. When to walk in 10:00 AM Is there a bar there? See that's the problem. That's the problem. I don't even know why you Tried. Alright, we got Jess. Hilarious. Just with the mess with Laura LaRosa coming up. What we talking about? We do. We gonna get into Madonna. Madonna's brother passed away so we, he You know. Gotta send some love to her. Alright, we'll get into that. Next is the Breakfast Loc. One morning everybody. It's DJ NV Jess. Hilarious. Charlamagne the guy. We are The Breakfast. Club. Let's get to just with the Mess with Lauren La Rosa. Your is real. Jessica Robin Moore. Just don't do no lying. Don't do, she don't spell nobody. Worldwide. Worldwide mess on The.


Breakfast Club, she's the coach. Lauren, Lauren La And, I got the mess. Talk, talk to me. So sending in some love to Madonna who lost her brother over the weekend. Her brother passed away Friday, October 4th he died of cancer. So these reports were everywhere. And then Madonna actually posted a tribute to him online. She says with some pictures of him, she says, my brother Christopher is gone. He was the closest human to me for so long. It's hard to explain our bond, but it grew out of an understanding that we are different and society was going to give us a hard time for not following the status quo. We took each other's hands and we danced through the madness of our childhood. She says that her ballet teacher also named Christopher, created a safe space for his, for her brother to be gay.


When she, when she finally got the courage to go to New York and become a dancer, her brother followed her here. Well, they danced together on stage in the beginning of the, of her career. And eventually he became the creative director of many of her tours. They defied, she says, we defied the Roman Catholic Church, the police, the moral majority in all of authority figures that got in the way of artistic freedom. My brother was right by my side. So sending her some love, Rest in peace. Yeah. And healing Peace. Absolutely. Kamala Harris, you guys know that there's been a hashtag hashtag Where's Kamala? That the other side has started? Well, she's responding to that answer with a media blitz that she is doing. So Kamala Harris and Tim Walls have announced the Media Bliss that they're doing.


We are 30 days until the election. And this media blitz, which begin on Sunday, includes a a bunch of different media outlets. So they are set to do and, and appear both together and separately on different, at different places. So they already recorded 60 Minutes. They will be doing, or Kamala will be doing The View. Okay. Kamala will also be doing Howard Stern. Okay. And she also recently, this past weekend, did the call her daddy podcast, which Is huge podcast. Yeah, huge podcast. Super viral right now. People are are like coming for her for sitting down with Call Her Daddy. But I thought that it was so smart because so many women listen to call her daddy because her conversation's cut through If. you are a president and you're supposed to be a president of all people. You have to meet people where they are.


So why wouldn't you go on one of the biggest podcasts out that is actually the biggest podcast for women, which is call her Daddy. Yeah. So let's take a listen to Kamala on the call her daddy podcast. I saw the governor of Arkansas said, my kids keep me humble. Unfortunately, Kamala Harris doesn't have anything. Keeping her humble. How did that make you feel? I don't think she understands that. There are a whole lot of women out here who, one are not aspiring to be humble. Two, a whole lot of women out here who have a lot of love in their life, family in their life, and children in their life. And, I think it's really important for women to lift each other up.


We have our family by blood and then we have our family by love. And I have both And I consider it to be a real blessing. And I have two beautiful children, Cole and Ella, who call me Mala. My husband's ex-wife is a friend of mine. I didn't want to form a relationship with the kids and then walk away from that. Let me just tell y'all something. I think when that whole humble, not humble conversation happened with Kamala, I don't think people understand that. Like also too, as a black woman here in Kamala's, say there are a whole lot of women out there who are not, who are not aspiring to be humble. That hits so different. That was such a good moment for her and a great response for her and a great place to have the conversation. So I don't understand why people are mad about this at all.


Yeah. And, and regardless of family, she just basically said like, this is not the 1950s anymore. Family's come in a a a lot of different forms. Yes. You know. So yes, those are the kind of conversations I want to hear her having because they're unscripted. You know. And, and when you sit down with people in podcasting and long, long form conversations, those are the kind of insightful answers. I just love To see her doing much more what she's doing. 'cause she's also going on an HBCU tour, right? Where she's hitting up some of the HBCUs as well. Yep. They're Doing amazing. Now, now, now y'all don't get too excited about that now because why? There's gonna be a lot of surrogate at them. HBCUs. But She'll be somewhere. She, she's gonna be at one or two of them Maybe touch of, She gotta Be some of them. It's like three of 'em on the same day. I'm like, how she gonna get to all Of 'em? She gonna pick and choose the bigger ones and definitely gonna do her alma mater.


I Pop Howard. She might pop up Howard. Yeah, she pop pop Up. Howard. That's exciting To see. That's the one that make the most sense. I'm excited to hear how her and the, how her and Howard Stern conversation goes as well too. It's Gonna be fantastic. People can say whatever they want about Howard Stern, one of the best interviewers out here forever. Absolutely. He's been one of the best interviews interviewers out here forever. Okay. It's gonna be a fantastic conversation. Do you think But You know a, a big part of the convers The you are gonna be good Too. Yeah. Oh, a hundred percent. Do you think that this will be effective in this short period of time? Yes. 'cause they've been pushing the wares. Kamala Wares Kaa. Yes. It'll be very effective. I think so. Absolutely. Got 30 days. Yeah. Doing Stephen Colbert this week too. I saw. Got You. Yeah. Alright, well, we'll we'll look out for that now in other news and other New York news because You know it's 28 days too, by the way.


20 days, 28 days now, man. And and the only reason I stress that, I mean, You know 'cause it's time is of the essence. Yeah. It's 28 days. That's why I asked You thought it was until effective. So in other news, Cardi B offset were out over the weekend partying in a club, but they were not partying together. So they were out in New York. They weren't the staffer room, which is the spot that everybody goes to. It's lit. They were there Saturday night. Now this is being reported as them two out partying together. But when you really get into the details, they weren't together at all. I don't even understand how they ended up at the same club. Maybe one knew the other person was gone or something. Or maybe it's just because Stafford Room is the Saturday night spot. But so Cardi B arrives in the club. She's there, she's having a great time with her girls. And then Offset arrives in the club.


The two were never seen interacting together in the club. There's reports that the DJ shouted out offset when he came in and reportedly it kind of caught, caught you off guard. But I feel like you, I mean, I don't know why they there, there still wasn't a kid together on the back and once they lead the club, so it couldn't have caught her that off guard. But they weren't together. It wasn't like they were hanging out. I think people are watching them so closely because people think that Cardi isn't going to stand 10 toes down. The fact that she said that she's not going to be with him anymore. But according to these reports, they, they left the club separately as well too. Offset left first Cardi Sage, she partied and then she left as well. So it might be really happening this time. Y'all, it might be really happening.


Y'all gotta say something. They, a Married couple that Y'all gotta say going Through a bad time and going through a divorce. Gotta say something. Y'all gotta say something. Feel about somebody as single as you talking about them. Yeah. They, They're going, That's just how I feel going through the motions. Why you You know what Because the reason why I wanted y'all to say something, because there's two men who have had y You know y'all trials and tribulations that y'all talk about and have got back together. I wanted some inspirational situ conversation to come. It's Just hard from y'all. It, it's just hard to, it's just hard To feel from demon demon time over. There's everything about you give that future text like this. Okay? It's just hard to feel from I'm just over there. Like how single are you talking about somebody else's situation. I Might not even be single. A homecoming just happened. Who knows? Oh boy.


So what you 24 hours pregnant. Wow. That what you saying Wow. Is that Congratulations, congratulations, congratulations. Congratulations. I swear, when I have a wedding, I'm doing confessional videos. But y'all are not allowed No Wedding Now. Wedding. Oh my goodness. My Wedding gonna be lit. I'm gonna probably be 99 when you have wedding. Me and my man was Talking about it over the weekend. Oh, you got a man now. You won't say his name though. Y'all sitting here listening to Lord Lion Osa strikes again. Reason why don't nobody believe me. There's no, I called all my friends And was like, y'all, I think I might be in a You know. And they like Girl, Say his name.


Say What? Name You. know what Charlamagne Jesse shout. Relax. Four after that, four after the hour. By the way, please do that Drake story later. 'cause that was ridiculous. We got you by four after the hour. We got you Prince. No, another one Yes, for Jesse's child made me think about it. Four after the hour, we need Hoy Webb to come to the front of the congregation. We like to have a word with him. There is a reason you shouldn't demonize the poor. Okay? Just number one. It's just disgusting to do. But I, I'll tell you, when we come back And it's 29 days to election day. 29 days. It is. Yes. It's 29 days. Mm. All right. It's The, Breakfast, Club, donkey, days up Next Charm. Some donkey days just saw themselves char's. Ready?


Forkey Donkey. I never heard donkey the other day. What is it? Donkey. Say it again y'all man. I'm a donkey. Yes, you're a donkey. Donkey. Everything that Charlamagne is saying is true. Okay, donkey, today for Monday, October 7th goes to an Idaho man named Hoyt Webb. Okay. Hoyt Webb is 36 years old and he's gonna spend the next 36 months in jail because he pled guilty. The second degree assault. That's a little over three years in jail after making a plea deal because he live screamed himself shooting a homeless man in downtown Spokane, Washington. Three years in jail after making a plea deal.


The World is constantly changing. If it's up to you to decide how to respond, choose to be bold to try something new. Choose to reinvent yourself. That's what Nissan did with the all new totally reimagined kicks. The dynamic new exterior styling immediately announces that Nissan isn't messing around the interior. A completely redesigned cabin with premium features like wireless Apple call play and a panoramic moonroof make driving a kicks immersive and exciting. And with new performance and safety features like intelligent all-Wheel Drive, the Kicks is both fun and safer to drive than ever before. It is the dawning of a brand new era for the Nissan Kicks. Only one question remains. Is it a new era for you as well? Drive the all new Reimagined Nissan kicks today. Available Features compatible device service and consumer activation of Nissan Connect services. Package required use only when safe and legal subject to third party service availability For more information, see Nissan usa.com/connect/legal. Apple CarPlay is a trademark of Apple Link Intelligent all-Wheel Drive cannot prevent collisions or provide enhanced traction in all conditions. Always monitor traffic and weather conditions.


Focus features presents piece by piece, a first of its kind Lego movie event. The story of revolutionary artists. Pharrell Williams turns up the volume on your imagination with a big screen experience like no other. Discover what it takes to build the greatest music ever assembled with a star stud lineup. Snoop Dogg, Kendrick Lamar, Gwen Stefani, Justin Timberlake, Jay-Z, Busta Rhymes, DAP Punk and more piece by piece rated pg directed by Morgan Deville opens October 11th and theaters everywhere. Get tickets at piece by piece film.com.


Hey everybody, the time has finally come this week, starting Monday, October 7th, going daily through Friday, October 11th. Bo and Yang And I, Matt Rogers are unveiling the iconic 400. Yes, these are the top 400 people in all of culture and we're unveiling all of them. Number 3 7272. Nancy, Nancy Kerrigan. Why we will never Really Know Why, why we have worked tirelessly on this list. I am Michael Bobro. That's really good. Once you hear I, I'm Michael Bobro You know exactly who is talking and we really think it's gonna resonate. Christian. She's not a Christian. Shout Happily flying a pride flag. Also, there might be a little bit of a surprise or two in there. So listen carefully. Hint, hint. Friday, listen. Alasco us on Will Ferrell's Big Money Players Network on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts.


Definitely Caria was a Maltese investigative journalist who on October 16th, 2017 was murdered. There are crooks everywhere you look. Now the situation is desperate. My name is Manuel Delia. I am one of the hosts of Crooks Everywhere, a podcast that unearths the plot to murder A one-woman. WikiLeaks. Stephanie exposed the culture of crime and corruption that were turning her beloved country into a mafia state. And she paid the ultimate price. Listen to Crooks everywhere on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts to listen to new episodes one week early and 100% a free subscribe to the iHeart True Crime Plus channel available exclusively on apple Podcasts.


I felt too seen Dragged. I'm nk. And this is basket case. So I basically had what back in the day, they would call A nervous breakdown. I was crying And. I was inconsolable. It was just very big sudden swaps of different Meds. What is wrong with me? Oh, look at you. Gimme therapy girl. Finally, a show for the mentally ill girlies on basket case. I talk to people about what happens from what we call mental health is shaped by the conditions of The World we live in. Because If, you haven't noticed, we are experiencing some kind of conditions that are pretty hard to live with. But If, you struggle to cope. The society that created the conditions in the first place will tell you there's something wrong with you and it will call you a basket case. Listen to basket case every Tuesday on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts or wherever you get your podcasts


Because he live streamed himself shooting a homeless man. Guess what? Racist. Let's go to four news now. News for the report, please. This photo is from the live stream showing web arms with a gun strapped to his chest. Webb claims in a police interview. When he arrived to the area, he got out of his car and said he saw a man with a machete. Instead of leaving the area, Webb went back to his car and grabbed his gun. He's harmless man. Josh is a friend of the victim shot on Friday. Police say two bullets discharged from Hoyt Webb's gun, one hitting Josh's friend, armed with an almost empty cup of iced coffee. That's disgusting. According to court documents, Webb confessed to yelling at people and calling them names, which led to an argument between Webb and several individuals by me.


Shortly after that conflict erupted around the blocked appears That you specifically went to this particular location for your own entertainment. Webb has a YouTube channel named K County Press, where he goes into public places and confronts people initiating arguments. And that's what he did on Friday. He claims to have been documenting the Spokane homeless crisis. For the record, all the homeless man had in his hand was some iced coffee, by the way. But the demonization of the poor will never stop. Hoyt, you walking around complaining about the homeless. Imagine how they feel. You complaining about the homeless and they are complaining about being homeless. It's not the same. Also, this is what I don't understand about people like Hoyt Webb If, you see a problem?


Why make that problem more of a problem? You don't solve a problem by creating more problems. If you're not trying to be a part of the solution, then get out the way. Some folks act like these people chose to be homeless. You think these people want to be in the circumstances they're in? No. So why go out there with your camera, live streaming folks, shaming them for a condition they don't want to be in. And then you shoot one and all you get is three years Now, Hoyt's brother, okay? His name is Kessler. He said that he feels the three years wasn't enough time drop on the clues bombs for him. Okay? Duh. All right. He told the local Fox and my network TV affiliate that I don't, I I still don't believe what he got was fair. That's a brother who's fed up.


That's a brother who's been watching his brother get away with foolishness their whole life. And he wants his brother to finally have to deal with the consequences of his actions. His brother told Hoyt, you're evil. Okay? You went out seeking your 15 minutes of fame. Now you're getting more than your 15 minutes of fame. Yes, that is true. He's getting a little over three years. And I agree. That's not enough time. You almost killed a man because You know you almost killed a man. You, you called this man to lose a kidney. He lost half his bowels. He suffered damage to a coronary artery. Why? For no other reason than you hate the poor. Okay? I don't understand demonizing people because they are in circumstances that they can't control. There's just too many You know complex causes of homelessness. All right? People can be mentally ill, they can be addicted, they can be running from abusive relationships.


Some people can't find work. Hell, there's a lack of affordable housing options in this country. So when you demonize the homeless, you just oversimplify how this person ended up being homeless to begin with. What happened to the golden rule doing the others as you would have them doing to you come up with some compassionate solutions to help. How about just basic human dignity? Okay? Understand that every person, regardless of their living situation, deserves to be treated with dignity and respect. Don't dehumanize them. And please, hoit understand homelessness can happen to anyone. Okay? I don't know what your financial situation is, but three years away from society not working, that's a big setback. It's possible you might come home to nothing.


You might come home and not have a place to stay. Okay? Jail, I'm sure was an unforeseen circumstance. That's how a lot of homelessness happens as a result of unforeseen circumstances. Okay? Like I said earlier, job loss. You might have a medical emergency, family breakdown and oh, going to jail. All right? Going to prison. Now, Hoyt, since you were in prison, the only position you need to worry about being in is downward dog. Okay? But once again, Hoyt, this could be you. And when you demonize the homeless, the way you demonize the homeless, you ignore the reality that you yourself are only a few setbacks away from being in a similar position. Please give Hoyt Webb the biggest hee-haw.


All right. That's disgusting. All right, well thank you for that donkey today. Yes, indeed. Now when we come back, Carrie Champion will be joining us and we gonna talk to her next. She's got a great new podcast out, well, she has a podcast called Naked. But this is a specialty podcast under Naked called The Making of a rivalry. Kaitlyn Clark versus Angel Reese. That's Right. We gonna talk to her next. Don't go anywhere. It's The. Breakfast. Club. Good morning, The. Breakfast Club. Morning everybody. It's DJ Envy. Jess, hilarious. Charlamagne, the guy. We are The Breakfast Club. Lauren LaRosa filling in for Jess while she's on maternity leave, and we got a special guest in the building. Yes, indeed. Carrie, champion, welcome back. Thank you for having me. Well, Carrie is the host of The Naked Podcast.


You're back for the fourth season on the Black Effect iHeartRadio podcast Network. And this season is a little different. Yeah. 'cause you have the making of a rivalry podcast. Yeah. Caitlin Clark versus Angel Reese. Why you pitting the women against each other? I Knew he was gonna say that. Here's the thing, the I I, so I call a friend of mine a little short man, And I go, Hey, short man, I wanna do this idea And I, think it's great. I said, everybody thinks that these two ladies don't like each other. And, and the way we work, we see The World through our own lens, right? So, If you black. I'm right when Angel and If, you are white. I'm right when Caitlyn, I don't care what anybody says. I felt that, as opposed to just letting these women play ball And I said, rivalry's not a bad thing. And everybody's comparing it to magic and Bird And. I'm like, that was a good thing. Right? It, it helped the NBA. Right? That's the reason why the finals were no longer delayed.


They were live. And I was like, this is a good thing. The WNBA has always been great, but they needed these supernovas to bring people to the WNBA to pay attention to see how special they were. They already had Asia, they already had all these great people, Candace, Brianna Stewart. I can go down the list of all these great players, but for whatever reasons this storyline was so compelling. And, I. And my argument is this country is just built on race. So If, you have black versus white in anything. I'm locked in. Anybody's locked in because you wanna pick a side and you wanna put all your tropes on whomever's the person you deciding to vote for, right? Or ride with. I'm referring to the election. And so my mind is, why don't we talk about the making of a rivalry and how this is really something special and how it's about to take women's sports to a whole new level.


And my man says, yes, great genius. And so what I found out by doing this docuseries is six parts. We, we have six episodes that we're doing in real time while the WNBA playoffs are happening. And soon we'll be into the finals. And it's been, it's been a ride and it's been really good and special. I think we are, I think we're doing it for the culture. I think I'm learning a lot about how people see women who play sports, And I also know that I, I had to really talk about what I felt, because I know I was riding with Angel too. Right? So what do you feel like, what have you learned? What have you learned? Because I mean, you, you already were all in, you very educated on the subject, but what did you learn new that might have changed your perspective a little bit? Like You know what I do root for Caitlyn as well. I, I, I like Caitlin. I think Caitlyn's a great, I think she's a, a baller.


I think she just wants to play what I do. What I, what I don't like is how some people in the media, some of my colleagues are like, how come she not You know denouncing racism? And how come she's not? And I'm like, she will when she learns. How long does it take a woman to find her, her voice in this world? She grew up in Iowa. She's 22 years old. I'm not, I'm not caping for her, but I'm like, she didn't have the experience to speak on that. Mm. Remember when LeBron wasn't speaking on Black Lives Matter and all these other issues and they held him accountable and he finally said, okay, I have something to say. And you gotta be educated and you gotta be comfortable before you start talking about it. And she's getting there. Yeah. And she'll be, she'll be even better as, as the years come along. But I didn't like that. I also didn't like how they treated Angel.


Angel had the best moment of her life, the best moment of her life. The crowning achievement is to win a championship. And when she won this championship, all these new fans and all these new analysts wouldn't even celebrate this queen. She had to deal with all this vitriol and hate and they, and, and death threats. And all she did was say, I'm about to get a ring and you can't see me. The reality is, is that they have been whomever anybody wanted them to be before they walked on that stage. Like, as a white woman, we already define who you are as a black woman. We already define who you are. And what I mean by we as society, they come, they come from two different worlds. They live two different lives. They are who they are. Their talent is who they are. So she grew up in Baltimore, so Angela's gonna talk trash.


Caitlyn talks trash too. Just differently. What I'm finding out in this podcast is that most of us don't like to see women compete like athletes. Women can't be on a, on the court trash talking. We can't be in your face. But it's quite all right to do it in the NBA. We can do it in the NBA. We can't do it in the WNBA and it makes no sense. I wanna ask you something about the, the WNBA thing. Well, just really, Caitlyn and Angel, are they required to talk about anything other than basketball? Do we need them to, do we need Caitlyn, our angel to speak out about anything? Racism, sexism? Do we need them to Yes. I don't know if we need them to. In this world we live in today, you don't have that luxury. I think sports, politics and culture all intersect. That's what we're doing on naked sports, sports, politics and culture intersect. And especially in A-W-N-B-A that's been dealing with racism since its inception.


Right? You have to talk about it. So now you can't hide it. You have these two big stars and they are talking about it, so you can't hide it. It's been, it's been happening, but now we have these two stars and they're talking about it and they're not letting you get away with it. You have to unfor, you don't wanna talk about certain things, but you have to, you have a voice. I used to tell you that a long time ago. What I don't wanna Talk about, I don't Know. I I'm making up something right now. My point is, is that you are required when you have a respon look, with great responsibility comes great pressure. And, and, and vice versa. Yeah. You have to be able to stand in your feet and say, this is what's happening and this is what these ladies have to do. Whether they wanna talk about it or not. What did you think about their first season? Both, both, both their rookie seasons? I think Caitlyn was, I think she was not playing well when she first started.


I think there was a lot of hype, but I think she figured it out. I think she is a generational talent. Absolutely. I think Caitlyn, when, when they, when they didn't take her to the Olympics, she got in the gym, she got in the lab, she came back better than ever. She took this team that had never been to the playoffs within the last 10 years. She took 'em straight to the playoffs. They, I mean out the first round. But that's a remarkable turnaround. She didn't do it alone. She had Aaliyah, Boston and other players. But what she was able to do for that team was transcendent. And then as far as angel's concerned, this is a thing. They both were so good in college and everybody was like, oh, they got, they're not going. They rookie year. It's not gonna be this, it's not gonna be that. They rookie year, they answered every single call. Everyone thought they'd be average. They were more than average. They over Exceeded expectations.


They over exceeded expectations. They weren't nervous. They got there. They were like, this is my sage and what not. Thinking twice, angel goes to the Met Gala, then returns, and then puts up another record breaking rebound day, a game And. I'm like, wait a second. She's not. This is who she is, right? This is what they do. They're un they're not bothered by these, like all the spotlights back in the day, the WNBA, in my opinion, I felt like the women were, I felt like they were quiet. I felt like they felt like they had to be a certain way. And these ladies don't even know what that means. This generation don't know what that means. I'm showing Up what you said is very important. 'cause back in the day, that mean it was just as good, but for whatever reason, they didn't have a voice. They didn't like, there was no voice. I would interview these women. I'd be like, tell me something. And they'd say what they thought they had to say.


Yeah, they not doing that now, which I love. I we got more with Carrie. Champion when we come back. Don't move. It's The. Breakfast, Club. Good morning. Morning everybody. It's DJ Envy. Jess. Hilarious. Charlamagne the guy. We are The Breakfast Club. Lauren LaRosa filling in for Jess and we're still kicking it with Carrie. Champion Charlamagne. You're a lifelong Lakers fan. So you've seen the Lakers Celtics rivalry. What makes this Caitlyn Angel think similar to Magic and and Bird outside of the race thing? Like just, what is it? Well, they don't play the same position, so I I, I do wanna say that. 'cause I hear a lot of players saying they don't play the same position. So why is there a rivalry? It's a rivalry because it's magic. And Bird didn't play the same Position. Right? But it's a rivalry because, well, and that was, but they were more, they were more equivalent. Caitlyn right now is all offense.


She is spectacular and off. She's always gonna be more dynamic in the sense that offense gets people in the stands and makes people pay attention. She is shooting from the logo and it's crazy. It's insane what she can do when she really gets in her her zone and what Angel is doing. I think it's different. While she's good on defense and she'll get our offensive game together, eventually what she is doing, she's doing something that we haven't seen, in my opinion, A-W-N-B-A player do or a black female athlete do in a very long time. She's getting a lotto to come to the games. Meg thee stallion is talking about what she wants to do. She's at the Met Gala. She's living in The, World. They, they're rapping about her akin to Drake rapping about LeBron. Yeah, she has, she's done something that hasn't been done before.


And I don't even know if she's aware of it. Even Serena, I love Sena, Lisa. That Was happening. People talked about that wasn't happening with Lisa Leslie. Not in, not at that way, not in that capacity. Not in that way. Like these are her people. She's kicking it with Megan. She's kicking it with Lisa. I just did her podcast. Like they are her people. They are her friends. She has all the influence around influencers around her, and they want to be around her. We've seen that happen. Athletes wanna be ballers and ballers wanna be athletes. We've only seen that with men. We haven't seen that with women. Especially not a black woman. Serena, I'll give her Serena because she was popular and she had a lot of people, but it was tennis and she, and she did bring all the stars. So look, you get, I You know apples and oranges. She did bring a lot of stars to the game. But I truly honestly believe for A-W-N-B-A player, a black woman, to have this effect in the culture.


She is the culture. She's representing the culture. She the it girl. She the hot girl. You can't teach that either. You can't tell that you God or you don't. She got it. She's on assignment. It's in her or not on it. She's On assignment. Honey. I'd ask them when it happened. I would love to hear what you had to say about it. Like when she had to sit out for the rest of the season. Does that affect, 'cause I mean she has all that, but like, she's not playing the game for the rest of the season. So that, does that affect what she was doing? Or like what will happen moving forward? No, she look may have a truncated season anyway. I think that if she would've continued to play, maybe the Chicago Sky would've made it to the playoffs. But she made a smart decision in my, in my opinion, which is to take care of herself now so she can come back stronger than ever. It doesn't affect her, it did affect the rookie race. I I, in some capacity.


I thought Caitlyn Clark was gonna be the rookie of the year anyway. I just thought she was because even though that re Reese had a, a great first half. Yeah, I just, and Caitlyn's first half was kind of high. It was at, but it balanced out because one, not only did she take her team to the playoffs that hadn't been in like 10 years, Caitlyn, she requires something more. You can't really defend a shot. Like when they were like triple teaming her and double teaming her, she figured it out. She just figured it out. And that to me, for a rookie is really special because how many times have we heard about rookies in the NBA? They gonna be it. They gonna be That's right. How many rookies have been it? That's right. When you start looking at these rookies and you're like, who's, who's really it? LeBron, right after LeBron, who was the rookie?


That was it. Name one after LeBron. Nobody. Buy Me the number one pick. Number one pick. Who lived up to all the hype after LeBron? Nobody I, you don't look at me. I wouldn't know that It took them, it takes them a couple of years to figure it out. It's a different league. But I'm, if we're just doing athletes on athletes, I'm just saying let's talk about it. It's a different league, obviously different requirements, but maybe Victor And Edwards, but it took a minute. Everybody thought Zion was gonna be it. What About Victor win? Victor Zion. Was it Victor sorta kind of Still special average. Yeah, still special. But he wasn't giving everybody the business. Yeah, Yeah. If nobody Yeah, I get what you're saying. Yeah. Yeah. And that's why I was mad when people were like, they're jealous of her. And we heard all these, the the men, the men explaining that the women were jealous of Caitlyn.


I was like, but what about when everybody was gonna LeBron's head? When you are the, when you are the most sought after the most talked about, I have to, okay. Well, Welcome to the league. Let me show you what this is. If, if Caitlyn and Angel are magic and bird, who's gonna be Jordan? Ooh, I, if I had to say who Jordan is right now, and she's so humble with it. Asia Wilson, if I had to talk about who, meaning like Asia is a guaranteed bucket. Asia to me is She does it all. She does it all. No, I agree. She's into pain. She's defense, she's offense. She's literally, she's a leader on that court. She requires more. I'm watching her. I'm like, If, you were a man. We'd be talking about this more. So what do you see to the WNBA five years from now? I see, I see more money. I see it competing in a real way with the NBA.


I say that only because of the, the, those two women in that storyline. The storyline will be, will be a trope for another couple of years. Because it's interesting and people are compelled to pay attention to it. And you love to pick a side. But I also know that on football Sunday, when Kaitlyn Clark was playing in the playoffs on a football Sunday, her game against the Connecticut Sun literally average 1.2 million viewers on a football Sunday. You didn't tell me people weren't watching football. They went to turn to watch women's basketball. Not men's basketball. A playoff game the first round. It's not, it's it's, it's, it's a wrap. This is, this is the future. So I agree. So be prepared and anybody listening, make sure your, your daughter can play sports.


'cause she gonna take care of y'all. It'll be the daughter with who buying a house. Like we'll hear those stories. Wow. We'll hear the story. YI bought my mama a house. I bought my mama a car, put her bike they deserve, put her bike through school. I went back to, I went back to my, my, my favorite high school. And I gave everybody scholarships. The stories that we hear and see will be, or for, for men, for the men will be the stories that we hear and see for the women. These, these rappers will be talking about these women. These women will have big, major, major deals when it comes to marketing. They won't be sitting in the back. And it won't be just because they are cute. It will be because I'm old enough to remember five years ago when I talked about women, it was always who's the hottest? When I talk about women in sports, it was who's the hottest? And that's fine because that's how men see women.


I understand that. But soon it'll be like, what's her game like? I promise you this conversation about what they look like will always still be there because men are men. But the reality is the skillset set will be the first thing. When you think about Kaitlyn Clark, you're not looking at her like, are you bad? You're not thinking that at all, are you? You think Kaitlyn Clark's Hot. It's also an age thing. I'm, I You know. First of all, when have you ever known me be attracted to a white Woman? Yeah, that's what you Said. Absolutely not Now. You don't like white women now? Oh, I don't, you can't even You know. Ain't nobody even gonna believe that anymore. Carrie ain't never told You. That's why I did this Song. She loves You. know who She loves Travis Kelsey. Oh, okay. She had Travis Kelsey as her screen table. I I love a white man with beer. Dangerous. A white man with a bid. Yeah. But no, I Travis, everybody gets the Travis thing.


We don't, not anymore. But everybody gets to Travis thing. Cute. Because he has swag. Swag. It wasn't that he was attractive, he just had swag. I'm trying. I'm confused now. What he had. 'cause it went away so fast. A fast man with a be and some Tim. She love him. She want a lumberjack. So bad. Little edge. Just little edge. You like white man too? No, I don't. There she does. You she does. I don't, I mean, I don't, yeah I do. No offense. White man. Carrie. She's single. Oh, what advice would you give her? I was single the last time you was here. I but You, you got some booze now. Right? So what are the dms like now? Are they worthy? Because I wanna give you some advice. I feel Like even if they, it is a little hard to navigate sometimes. 'cause like where did you come from and why? Yeah. Sometimes There's an there's a motive.


Yeah, yeah. There's an ulterior motive. Yeah. Yeah. And I could tell that in the conversation because it'll go from You know. Like the, they, they'll bring the jokes from the show into the DM and all that. And then it'll go to, oh, 'cause I got what jokes The single. It'll be like, oh, you don't save under arm. You single tell them leave you alone. No, the ones that's real serious. Don't bring that up. 'cause they already know like a second. You don't shave under your arms. I did One One armpit. One armpit. He started the No one Armpit. She came here one day and had hair under one armpits. It was crazy. Kai, sorry. It was Sorry. We appreciate you for joining. Thank you.


Make sure you subscribe to the making of a rivalry podcast. Kaitlyn Clark versus Andrew Reese on the Black Effect iHeartRadio podcast network. It will be a documentary soon video documentary for audio documentary now. But we put It out there.


I love talking The. World is constantly changing. It's up to you to decide how to respond. Choose to be bold to try something new. Choose to reinvent yourself.


That's what Nissan did with the all new totally reimagined kicks. The dynamic new exterior styling immediately announces that Nissan isn't messing around the interior. A completely redesigned cabin with premium features like wireless Apple call play and a panoramic moonroof make driving a kicks immersive and exciting. And with new performance and safety features, like intelligent all-Wheel Drive, the Kicks is both fun and safer to drive than ever before. It is the dawning of a brand new era for the Nissan Kicks. Only one question remains. Is it a new error for you as well? Drive the all new Reimagined Nissan kicks today. Available Features compatible device service and consumer activation of Nissan Connect services. Package required Use only when safe and legal subject to third party service availability For more information, see Nissan usa.com/connect/legal. Apple CarPlay is a trademark of Apple Link. Intelligent all wheel Drive cannot prevent collisions or provide enhanced traction in all conditions. Always monitor traffic and weather conditions.


Focus features presents piece by piece a first of his kind Lego movie event. The story of revolutionary artist Pharrell Williams. Turns up the volume on your imagination with a big screen experience like no other. Discover what it takes to build the greatest music ever assembled with a star stud lineup. Snoop Dogg, Kendrick Lamar, Gwen Stefani, Justin Timberlake, Jay-Z Busta Rhymes, dab punk and more piece by piece rated pg directed by Morgan Deville opens October 11th and theaters everywhere. Get tickets at piece by piece film.com.


Hey everybody, the time has finally come this week, starting Monday, October 7th, going daily through Friday, October 11th. Bo and Yang And I Matt Rogers are unveiling the iconic 400. Yes, these are the top 400 people in all of culture and we're unveiling all of them. Number three. 72. 72. Nancy, Nancy Carrigan. And we will never really know why, why we have worked tirelessly on this list. I am Michael Bobro. That's really good. Once, once you hear I am Michael Bobro You know exactly who is talking and we really think it's gonna resonate Christian.


She's not out Happily flying a pride flag. Also, there might be a little bit of a surprise or two in there. So listen carefully. Hint, hint Friday, listen to lost culture. Thus on Will Ferrell's Big Money Players network on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts or wherever you get your


podcasts. De Car Galicia was a Maltese investigative journalist who on October 16th, 2017 was murdered. There are crooks everywhere you look. Now the situation is desperate. My name is Manuel Delia. I am one of the hosts of Crooks Everywhere. A podcast that unearths the plot to murder A one-woman. WikiLeaks definitely exposed the culture of crime and corruption that were turning her beloved country into a mafia state. And she paid the ultimate price. Listen to Crooks everywhere on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts or wherever you get your podcasts to listen to new episodes one week early and 100% a free subscribe to the iHeart True Crime Plus channel available exclusively on apple Podcasts.


I felt too seen Dragged.


I'm nk. And this is Basket case. So I basically had what back in the day, they would call a nervous breakdown. I was crying And. I was inconsolable. It was just very big sudden swaps of different Meds. What is wrong with me? Oh, look at you. Gimme therapy girl. Finally, a show for the mentally ill girlies on basket case. I talk to people about what happens when what we call mental health is shaped by the conditions of The. World we live in. Because If, you haven't noticed. We are experiencing some kind of conditions that are pretty hard to live with. But If, you struggle to cope. The society that created the conditions in the first place will tell you there's something wrong with you. And it will call you a basket case. Listen to Basket case every Tuesday on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts or wherever you get your podcasts.


It's very comfortable. Shout out to everybody who's listening. Please go pay attention to this. I'm seriously just, the docuseries is special. It is. I'm so proud of it. Like I've done a lot of stuff. This is what I'm proud of. I'm really, really proud of it because we talk about everything and it's just beautiful. Y'all beautiful. It's Carrie, champion. It's The. Breakfast. Club. Good morning, The. Breakfast Club. Morning everybody. It's DJ nv, just hilarious. Charlamagne the guy We are The. Breakfast. Club. Let's get to just with the Mess with Lauren. La Rosa is real. Jessica Robin Moore just don't do no lying. She don't spell nobody worldwide. Just worldwide mess on The.


Breakfast Club. The coaches with Lauren. Lauren LaRosa. I'm back. And. I got the mess. Talk to me y'all. Drake took the light-skinned Olympics to a whole nother level. What y'all Saying, man? Like envy, I know you be trying to compete, but baby, you ain't got nothing on Drizzy. Okay, what Dizzy say. So Drake was out over the weekend. He was at Tyrone Edwards nostalgia party in Toronto Saturday night. And he got on the mic in the middle of all this Kendrick Lamar back and forth and started talking about real friends and fake friends. Let's take a listen. My real friends are definitely in the building, but I'm gonna tell you, you're gonna come to a point in life where people you thought were friends or people you thought were close to you, they might switch up.


They might try and move funny with you. Yep. They might stab you in the back. They might do a lot of things to you. You'll come to that realization wherever you at in life, you've probably been there and you'll be there again. That's how life is. But look, sometimes it's you and you alone by yourself. Sometimes it's you alone with your thoughts. Sometimes You know what I feel. What's wrong with that Bro? I feel him. The, the me, myself. And I after that. That was by far one of the top three most beige moments in light-skinned history. That was a little crazy envy. Maybe Not to mean myself. And I. Like to have a soundtrack to have yo drop that DJ and it just go, that was a dot. Come on, If. you Ever needed Riley Freeman just to yell out, shut your Bitch ass Up.


Like that was a time to say it. Maybe that was Supposed to be that song. Maybe it was supposed to be a Novis song. Like Didn't say like, I thought he was gonna do that. And then maybe going into No Friends Face, no Face, no You know New Friends record, no going. Was that him? And call record. But me, myself, And I. They said he went into Up 50 cents. Many men as well too You know That. Not on that one, on that one. It wasn't no many men, it was just no, no, no. They, me, myself. And I. We only the audio is, is me, myself, And I. But reports from The. World Say, you sure somebody didn't add that in? Like that was ai. How would he know to just, he threw to the song. Oh, And. I also told, I'm gonna be honest, I thought that Kendrick's execution of this battle was flawless. The strategy, the songs, everything. But I didn't think that it had that much of an impact on Drake.


Drake hurt. Oh my God. And this is all, this is also hurt in the mix of reports that Drake unfollowed alleged. Well, unfollowed, LeBron, Tamar de Rose You know those are two people who were at the, not like us, Juneteenth. No man. Rosen was on the stage. So And I don't know his reasonings for him following. But You know there that is a thing. You can't go on an unfollow freedom and go on the stage and cry about You know, not having no real friends or whatever that was about. And then go into Beyonce, me, myself, And I. It's like, man, If, You would've did that Amy. He did the unfollow weeks before. That's so lemme put that Out there. But I'm saying it's like, it's the fact that You know that people going throw all that into a pot and mix it up.


I wouldn't even wanna set myself up like that. You, There's nothing wrong with that man expressing his feelings. Aren't you having a panel about men crying or men releasing or something like that? You Can't show that after getting your ass kicked in a rap battle like that. Like Kendrick Lamar got his foot. When I tell you Kendrick Lamar put his foot all the way up. Drake's ass. I mean he put his foot all the way up, Drake's ass. And he is wiggling his toes. You hear me? When does it stop? Booty is crazy. When does it stop? Calf is crazy. To the calf is crazy. Now I I didn't know Kendrick had kicked his ass like this. I knew he won the battle, but this man is hurting. Yes. Bloomberg dropped an article, speaking of Kendrick Bloomberg dropped an article talking about Coachella and just kind of how it's, they're basically saying it's not as an effective stage as it used to be because artists are turning it down.


One of the artists, they said reportedly turned it down for 2025, was Kendrick Lamar. But they're, there's, they're being told by people close to Kendrick. And this is nothing. I've confirmed myself that he's preparing a tour. Which would make sense because after doing a Super Bowl, oh yeah, he, He use his own tour. Absolutely Announced tour. So in an album, I'm sure that that is definitely happening. Well, Kendrick's like I can't get to Coachella right now 'cause my foot is so far up Drake's ass. And I've been wiggling his prostate with my toes that as soon as I get this foot out, I gotta prepare for the Super Bowl You know what? Let me send Drake a message right now. You gonna send him a bunch of hearts? No, we gotta Heart some prayer hands. We gotta unfollow Charlamagne like he follows Cedar of God. We look, you have to unfollow Charlamagne. Well, speaking right now, Speaking of other men, told him doing some things that are just a bit peculiar and odd.


Safari decided to go to Nicki Mina's concert in Miami. So what's wrong with That? You don't think that's just weird. It's like you, it's kind of like You know you're there because You know you. People are gonna be like, oh my God, Safari's Here. You still a fan? Okay, I think it's weird. So let's take a listen to the audio or the part of the show that Nicki Minaj was actually on while Safari was in the stands. And all cameras being to him. Let's take a listen. Universe was still with clowns. She seen him in the audience and said, as long as you stay with clowns.


I don't know if she saw him or not, but she did make the comment while on stage, like, the universe gonna bring you what you need, but don't let clown, basically don't let a clown block your, your blessing. Jesus. And at this show she did also too bring her husband on stage as well too. And did a little dance to her husband. Now the people, the barbs of Dragon Safari, especially 'cause he showed up in a jean vest. Y'all remember the Safari Minaj moment where she was like, be quiet. You wear a jean vest. Yes, he showed up in a jean vest. Now you would do all that envy What part show up in the gene vest? No. Be that he's, that's a bit much right? It's A bit peculiar. I He had all the cameras there, right? Yeah, but he had cameras there. Love and hip hop was probably too, but that's still, that's corny and that's weak. Those story That is so corny. Yeah. That storyline's getting weakened Weak. Like now like, like Safari.


Nah, that ain't it. That Ain't it. He tweeted out because people were coming for him. He said, I'm proud no cap. A lot of y'all will never understand. But there's no malice in me. I'm proud And I believe he can be proud. And he was Around. They've been together this since like 16, 15 years old. But to pop out is Crazy. Ain't no malice in you. But Nicki Minaj. Nicki Minaj Petty has all of the malice. Okay, what are you talking about? He, he left right after that audio clip that we listened to. He left right after that. So I don't know if he decided to leave or You know he was asked to leave. I don't know what happened. But he did leave right after that audio that we just played. I am interested in Nicki Mina's tweets that shall come because of this very soon because of this event. Very soon. Want to see what she has to say about this gag city?


Right? Hashtag gag city. I want to see what Ms. Minaj Petty has to say about this. We'll find out today. I Can't believe should entertaining Put on a jean vest like you went and picked that outfit out like it was the first day. What's wrong with you and Jean Vest? Huh? I had nothing against a jean vest. But he knows that moment and how viral that was. And you gonna pop out in that trying to be funny. Like that's so corny. All now Safari gonna get on your ass. Laurens Corny. Safari got some jokes too. Corny. Corny. That's fine. Corny is corny. Corny is corn is Corny. You went did Guy with Gene Vest. I have nothing against Gene Vest. But he didn't need to be at the gag city tour in Gene Vest. No. Knowing what he was doing. Okay, now I'm looking forward to see what Safari gotta say about Lauren. Okay. All At L-O-R-E-N-L-O-O.


Don't that talk Lauren. Let's go Lauren. I want to see what Safari got to say about Lauren and what Nicky got to say about Safari. You. You done girl This's gonna be a great day. Alright, you done? Well that is Justices only thing With the edges. Love popping out. Go Ahead. He ain't got no edges. Alright, the People's Choice mixes up next is The. Breakfast. Club. Good morning The. Breakfast Club your morning zone. Never be the same. Morning everybody. It's DJ Envy Jess. Hilarious Charlemagne, the God We are The. Breakfast Club. Lauren LaRosa filling in for Jess and we got a salute to Carrie champion for joining us today. Salute to the good sister Carrie, champion. Make sure you check out Her Naked podcast presents the making of a rivalry. Kailyn Clark versus Angel Rees If. you are new to any of what's going on in the WNBA and you're trying to figure out how these two young women have become You.


know the the Stars they are today. They really break it down on this making of a rivalry podcast. So you can check that on the, check that out on the Black Effect iHeartRadio podcast Network. Available everywhere you listen to podcast. That's Right. All right. And when we come back, we got the positive note. It's the breakfast. Hold on. I want to tell everybody too. The fourth annual Mental Wealth Expo is happening this Saturday, October 12th at the Marriott Marque in Times Square, New York City from 11:00 AM to 4:00 PM You know I bring together some of the best therapists and psychiatrist, Dr. Alpi, Breland Noble, Dr. Shayanne Bryant, Dr. Rita Walkers going to be there. Dr. J Barnett is going to be there. Elliot Connie the good sister Ashanti Das Tyrese is gonna be there in conversation with Jason Wilson. It's gonna be a fantastic event.


It's free. Okay, open to all ages. Everybody can get in for absolutely nothing. Just go to mental wealth expo.com for more details. But 11:00 AM to 4:00 PM this Saturday at the Marriott Marque in Times Square. See you now. All Right. When we come back, we got the positive notice. The Breakfast. Club. Good morning. Morning everybody. We are The. Breakfast. Club. DJ Envy. Jess. Hilarious Charlemagne. The God Lauren, the Rosa of filling in for just now. You wanna salute to everybody. That was out in Delaware State. Homecoming season officially begin. Yes. Everybody that was on campus having a great time. This was a really good year was so many people there. And next we are headed to Norfolk State University, the Alumni Fest. I'll be there and we're gonna North Carolina a T. The Gho.


What is that for The turn up the yard event. When's the next one? So October 19th is the next one. That is the turn up the yard event. That is North Carolina T. And people will be there as well. Yep. Yep. Then October 25th we're going to be at Norfolk State University. I'll be hosting the day party for Alumni Fest. This is my first time at both of these schools. Norfolk State. Yes. Some time to sober up. Oh, I am. Okay. But This was, this was just her Homecoming. So He don't understand because he didn't go, Got turned up. The homecoming. The rest of them, she gonna go as didn't Crazy go to you only see, this is why I don't like them honorary degrees. 'cause y'all speak and don't be knowing nothing about being on a real campus. I'm Not talking about your school. I'm talking about your alcoholism. Yes. The fact that you come here every morning and take a shot of liquor concerns me. I don't every morning after and after watching you this weekend be so drunk just all over the yard.


It concerns me coming. So I'm just telling you that you So for The next week, everybody having a great time is homecoming. You don't understand 'cause you ain't go degree you. You went to school to get a degree to become an alcoholic. I went to School to to get a degree so I could be sitting here with you. But when I went back to homecoming to have a great time and celebrate where I am in life. Oh yeah. I had a drinker. Two or three. What about every morning? I don't know what you talking about. What about every morning? Bring The tape. I dunno what you talking about. Don't Don't. Every morning she's in here taking, never see. Whoa. Envy. I'm sorry. Bottles full now in three months, bottles almost empty. Still a ton of Bottles over there. Salute to Central State. Salute to North Carolina a and t, salute to Bethune, salute to Norfolk, salute to Hampton, Delaware, and Howard and Delaware State. I'll doing our all those South Carolina State University salute to South Carolina State.


But you can't be too mad Allman. 'cause we were her. No, We were, we were. No, He just just loved the act. We were, I did hard drugs like a man. There wasn't no goddamn weak ass alcoholic. No If. you take everything personally, you'll remain offended for the rest of your life. All right. That's the positive note. If, you take everything personally, you'll remain offended for the rest of your life. What other people do is often because of them, not you. Salute to Don Miguel Ruiz in the Four Agreements Breakfast Club. Bitches. Y'all finish or y'all


done? Hey everybody, the time has finally come this week, starting October 7th through October 11th. That's Monday through Friday everybody. We are revealing the Iconic 400. Yes. Bow and Yang And I famously missed our 400th episode here on Las Culture East Us. But we are ready to reveal the Iconic 400. Who is on the list? Does it matter? No. Will it be fun? Yeah, there might even be a surprise or two in there. So listen carefully. Listen to Lost Callistus on Will Ferrell's Big Money Players Network on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts


Happening now on the iHeart app, we're turning up the heat on all the smoke. As vice president and Democratic presidential nominee, Kamala Harris pulls up to the show. You do me great honor to be here. Thank you. Thank you. You know her as the trailblazer making history, but now she's ready to drop some knowledge in real. Talk about the 2024 race. How do you protect Your mental space? Number one rule, don't read the comments. They Nasty. This episode is gonna hit different. Search all the smoke in the free iHeart radio app and listen to this groundbreaking interview. Now, Dene Cara Galicia was a Maltese investigative journalist who won October 16th, 2017 was assassinated Crooks everywhere, unearths the plot to murder a one woman.


WikiLeaks, she exposed the culture of crime and corruption that were turning her beloved country into a mafia state. Listen to Crooks everywhere on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts. To listen to new episodes one week early and 100% ad free. Subscribe to the iHeart True Crime plus channel available exclusively on apple Podcasts. My name is branded Kyle Goodman. I'm a black, gay, non-binary author TV writer actor. And I'm messy, but not in the way you think.


Messy as in I'm human and flawed. I'm on a mission to destroy shame around sex. And the only way to do that is to talk about sex. So that's what we'll do on my brand new podcast. Tell me something messy. Join me on Tell Me Something Messy. With brand new episodes every Thursday on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you listen to podcasts. Curious about queer sexuality, cruising and expanding your horizons. Hit play on the sex positive and deeply entertaining podcast s Sniffy Cruising Confessions. Join hosts Gabe Gonzalez and Chris Patterson Rosso as they explore queer sex cruising relationships and culture in the new iHeartPodcasts S Sniffy Cruising Confessions.


S Sniffy Cruising Confessions will broaden minds and help you pursue your true goals. You can listen to Sniffy Cruising Confessions sponsored by Gilead now on the iHeartRadio app, or wherever you get your podcasts. New episodes every Thursday.