
Life is an act of constant reinvention that's true for you and for cause. Nissan Reimagined the all new kicks around you. The Bowles Personal plus sound system with speakers in the headrest keeps you in the groove while the Nissan Safety Shield 360 technologies keep you safe. If Nissan invented the kicks, you can reinvent yourself. Drive the all new Reimagined Nissan Kicks today. Available features compatible device service and consumer activation of Nissan Connect Services. Package required use only when safe and legal subject to third party service availability For more information, see Nissan usa.com/connect/legal. Apple CarPlay is a trademark of Apple Link. Intelligent all-wheel drive cannot prevent collisions or provide enhanced traction in all conditions. Always monitor traffic and weather conditions.


Taking control of your career is empowering. Just don't tell my boss I said that. Building a career just isn't about a job. It's about creating a path that impacts our community and future generations. Whether you're starting out or making big moves, State Farm is here to support you with resources to help protect what you're working hard to achieve. They've got your back every step of the way because like a good neighbor State Farm is there. Find out more at State Farm dot com.


Check out Pluto TV's the Black Collective, a free and curated collection of black entertainment, including movies, shows and music, all featuring black talent, both on camera and behind the scenes. Watch classic movies like Boomerang Norman and paid in full binge series. Like Tyler Perry's Sisters in Power and Scream, the latest RB and hip hop music videos all for free on practically any device that's tons of your favorite entertainment that you can watch on your tv, tablet, or phone. All for free. The Black Collective on Pluto tv.


Scream. Now pay Neva. On a serious note, I'm still thinking about that one commercial with Tom Brady and Snoop Dogg. The one where they're hating on each other, but when you actually hear them, the reasons for hating someone or something are just stupid. That commercial stuck with me. There's so much hate in this country and it's got to stop. So join us at iHeart and standing up to it. If you see hate speak up, call it out. You can learn more by following at what's Up with Hate. Good morning. USA. Yo. Yo. Yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo, yo yo, Yo yo. Just hilarious. Good morning. These niggas is running late.


I know. I ain't wanna drop the N word too early. I'm sorry. I know I got a quota, man, but it's Monday. How y'all doing out there? It is. Back to the work week. Top of the work week. How's your weekend, Jess? Our weekend was good. My weekend was pretty good. I had shows in with Martin in Milwaukee was Friday and this Saturday with Chicago. Yo Milwaukee is like, shout out to Milwaukee, first of all. And first of all, no shout out to Atlanta. Last week I was broadcasting live from the iHeart Studios in Atlanta, and it was lit. It was amazing. I did love it. And I had four shows. Atlanta always come out for me. So shout out to DJ Louis V down there, man. He rolled out the cart before. Girl, you know what Emini here, Atlanta shows just the best love. But Milwaukee Friday, it was amazing.


I don't know if y'all seen this. It's like this guy that's going viral. His name is Steve the Stoner. He is an influencer, right? He also does music, and it's this song that he dances to no matter where he is. He goes uptown, downtown, uptown. I met him. He happened to be from Milwaukee, and more of the kids been doing, he was just on constant, not streaming. He was teaching constant, not how to do the dancing. Where I'm from, we from Baltimore, we already do all that twist and turn and hip action. And so it was just amazing to meet him and how incredibly humble the city is and beautiful the city is. And then ran into a lot of traffic in Chicago Saturday with the St. Patrick's Day parades and all the festivities going on. But shout out to Martin and his team, man, I, I really, really enjoyed and loved being on being on his shows all the time.


Like that's one of my favorites and just grew up on Martin. So what I did wanna say was, right, so I'm on a tour, right, with with Martin a couple days. You know what, Emini here, and you know what I hate, I hate when I do shows with people, right? And then I hear some of my stuff coming from somebody else. Like People taking your stuff. Yeah, Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah. Like that. That's just something. And then, you know, I know one could argue that, you know, great minds think alike or you know, and sometimes we get in our head as comics where we do overthink this type of thing. You know what, Emini here, because with everybody talking about the same thing, people podcast being about the same thing, you know, it's kind of easy to talk about some of the same things on stage, but when you got some words verbatim or when you got like whole segments and, And I, I create my material off of living my life.


So it's like, if you take that, I'm gonna know you took that. So like, you know, a hundred percent those Times. I know a hundred percent. I even heard some other people's jokes come out this come out of this comedian's mouth. I'm just like, hold up, hold up. What's up? Or what's up? What's up? Like, what's up with you? You know what Emini here, but I digress. You know, I I I handled it a whole nother way. I just had to, that was on my heart this morning. I had to get it on my chest or whatever until Yeah, I feel you. Yes, yes, yes. So today on the show, we got the good brother Brandon T. Jackson joining us. He's also on a show with David Bannon that we had up here last week. What's the name of the show? It's the, the Family Business. That's, that's, there you go. Yeah. That's the show that we got. And then we got Front Page News coming up.


Yep. NB and Charlamagne running a little Late. Yeah, I I said both of 'em running late. Charlamagne running late. Got some bad rain going on. Yeah, we got some bad rain. Yes. Almost. I ain't see no bikes out there today. I was happy you And I be ready to hit them. People out them bikes. I be ready to hit 'em. But yeah. So we gonna get the show cracking from on page next front page next morning, Everybody. Iste JN Envy. Jess. Hilarious. Charlemagne the guy. We are The Breakfast Club. Let's get in some front page news. Hey, Mimi, filling in for Morgan. What up Mimi? Good morning y'all. Good morning. Envy, Jess. How y'all doing? Hey girl. Good, good, good. Okay, so let's just jump right in. A federal judge is temporarily blocking President Trump from using a 200 year old wartime law to deport immigrants.


In a proclamation signed on Friday, the president declared that he would enforce the Alien Enemies Act of 1798 to deport a Venezuelan gang. Now, this log is the government, the power to deport certain foreign nationals without a trial during times of war. It's only been used about three times in US history with the last time being during like World War ii. Now, the federal judge, in this case, on Saturday, he blocked deportations with a 14 day restraining order. He said that, that a plane carrying these detainees needed to be turned around. But the White House said that they did not dis they did not deny, or excuse me, the White House said that they did not defy the court order.


But despite that 261 people were deported to El Salvador, including 137 suspected gang members. The White House is saying that the people on the plane, they had already left us territory, and that had already been removed from the country. But according to a source, familiar with the situation, the two flights carrying the Venezuelans were still in the air when the judge made the ruling. Now, this whole case, it stems from a lawsuit filed by five Venezuelan men who are in a US immigration detention center. And they argue that the law should not apply because the US is not at war with Venezuela. But critics of the president, they say that he is testing the limits on immigration.


And Friday, during a visit to the Department of Justice, Trump shared more on his approach to handling immigration issues. Let's hear what he had to say. And they said, no, no. People that come into our country are all wonderful people. No, they're not wonderful. These are stone cold killers. These are killers. Like they make our killers look nice by comparison, They make our killers look nice. Sounds crazy, Right? Because the killer is a killer. Killer is A killers. Yeah. There's no better killer. Your killer's not better than my killer. They all bad, Jesus. Exactly. Exactly. So, you know, as part of this deal, the Trump administration will pay El Salvador $6 million to hold 300 gang members for a year.


And they, this case though is, is far from over. It's set to go to the Supreme Court with the Trump administration saying they expect to win. The next hearing for this case is set for March 21st. And so, moving on, there seems to still be though some confusion on who runs Doge newly obtained. Court filings are clarifying though, who does what for the Department of Government Efficiency and a declaration included in the court filing. Amy Gleason, the acting administrator of Doge, she wrote that Elon Musk does not work for the USDS. She also wrote that she does not report to him, and he does not report to her.


However, Musk has been in the public, he's been the public face of Doge for months. But according to White House officials, he has no actual title or formal authority to make these decisions. And these filings come as part of a new lawsuit against Doge by the government watchdog group crew. They are seeking more transparency from the department. A judge recently ruled that Doge must release certain records under the Freedom of Information Act. They're citing concerns about unusual secrecy happening within Doge. But in response, doge, they filed a motion on Friday and they are asking the judge to reconsider saying that they are not subject to the Freedom of Information Act.


Now we just plan it with names, right? Because we all know that Mu has been the face of Doge for months since, since his o origin. But now we're saying, well, he doesn't run it as far as who works for the government. We know Mus, we, we, we know Mu runs it. So what are we playing with these games about? We know who runs Doge. We do. And we know who's, who's behind. You know, the layoffs and all the things that are happening right now. Absolutely. Soly. Yeah. They're, they're just trying to, to play semantics with this. So makes no sense. We know who runs do ge. He doesn't have to answer to anybody. So yeah, we, we, we pretty much know who runs it and who gets things done over at Doge. Exactly. Do we have time for one More? No, we gotta do it when we come back. Okay. All right. So coming up at seven with tax season underway, the Better Business Bureau, they're warning about a new scam targeting your personal info.


We'll give you all the details at seven. Alright, everybody else get it off your chest. 805 8 5 1 0 5 1. Let us know how your weekend was, what you did this weekend. I know Jess was out in Atlanta. I was at a a, a dance dad convention And I've been trying to figure out just why do they do these conventions during big weekends? March Madness. Yeah. Super Bowl. Yeah. All Star Grammy like this weekends in between. That has nothing. They don't care. Them kids gotta dance. That's what they said. They said we, we big this industry is big too. Yeah, It is. You know. Alright, but get it off your chest. (800) 585-1051. Call us up right now. It's The Breakfast Club. Good morning. The Breakfast Club.


This is your time to get it off your chest. Keep calling. 805 8 5 1 0 5 1. We want to hear from you on The Breakfast Club. Hello. Who's this? Good morning. This is Matt. How are you? What's up brother? Get it off your chest. I want to ask, well, I heard Jesse talking about dances. I wonder if she can demonstrate the Baltimore two step. What'd you say? Yo? He said he wants to see you do the Baltimore two step Baltimore got a two step Yeah. Became one of my favorite dancers. Yeah, Yeah, yeah. We got a two step. How, how you gonna see that DJ for go on deck? Instrumental only and watch her get down. You cannot, I'm, yo, it's six 13 in the morning. Yo. I don't even know where you going to see that at? What's wrong with you this morning? Yo, what I'm gonna do is though, right, I'm gonna do it today and put it on my story and then you can see me do it.


What you, you think I can do it or you just want to see me do it? I wanna see you do it because everybody do it differently based off their personality. Yeah. And became one of my favorite dancer to y'all. Oh yeah, yeah, yeah. Nah, nah, I got you. I'm just look forward to my story. But I I ain't doing it at six 13 right now. I'm, I'm gonna look, I'm gonna look To it. I got you. Hello. Who's this? This is Ebony. Ebony. Good morning. Get it off your chest, Ebony. Oh, good morning DJ Envy and Charlie. God just hilarious. Hey girl. Peace. Peace. Oh my gosh. I never thought I would speak to you guys ever. I just wanna say that I listen to her faithfully every morning and regarding like the political situation, like I really don't follow politics politics as much, just because I feel like as of really it's so discouraging.


Just kind of like with everything that Donald Trump is doing and it just, it it just kind of like, it's, it's disheartening to say the least. Totally understand. Yes. So that was, I can't believe I'm speaking to you guys, but yes, that's, that's pretty much it. But I, I appreciate the information that you guys do push over to us and you know, in, in terms of like keeping us informed and, and keeping us aware. So Yeah, that's all we can do. Because the reality is Emini here, even if you disconnect, the things are still going to be happening and they're still gonna be affecting us, so, you know. Yes. Yes. So I, I do definitely rely on you guys a lot for information and I appreciate the numbers you guys use, but yeah, this is every, in regards to everything that's going on, it's definitely disheartening.


It makes you, it makes me kind of question like, oh my gosh. Like I can't believe we in 2025 and all of these things are happening. But you know, I guess time will tell. Time Will tell. Yes it will. Well, Thank you Ebony. Yes. Thank you guys. Have a good day guys. You too Babe. You too. Now get it off your chest. 805 8 5 1 0 5 1. If you need to vent, hit us up now. It's The Breakfast Club. Good morning. The Breakfast Club. Ray, Ray. Ray. Yo. Charlamagne Envy. What up are we live? This is your time to get it off your chest. I Got an indoor pool, a outdoor Pool. We want to hear from you on The Breakfast Club. We can get on the phone right now here. Tell you what, it's, we lied.


Hello? Who's this you? Yeah. What's your name, brother? Yo, it's Jay from pa. Jay from pa. Get it off your chest. Yeah, I called, I called a couple months ago about and telling brothers to go home. It is not worth it. You gonna lose your family. It happened. Lost your, lost your Family. Yeah, Charman. You sent me a book that day too because you told me I was too broke to buy one. I I didn't, I don't even talk like that. Ain't nobody tell you no shit like that. Ain't never you too broke to buy a book. Yeah. Dang. Yes you did. No, but yeah, yeah, like, yeah. It, it didn't work out man, that it didn't work out for us man. What, what did you say happened? I forgot. Refresh me a little bit. I was working, I was working too much And I was, And I was putting work over Take thinking I was working.


Oh. Take care of the family, but I wasn't putting the time at home. I got you. I remember. Okay. Yeah. Damn. Yeah, And then it, it didn't, it didn't work out so she gone, kid's gone, everything. So do you regret it? And what did you learn? I I I learned to take my ass home. Yeah. Too late. Yeah. We told you, we told you dumb ass. Didn't we say that? That No, you ain't say nothing to me first of all. Okay. You just, you Just say I called you Broke. You did call me broke. I thought I didn't say nothing to you. But he ain't say nothing to you about your relationship. He ain't give you no advice on that. Exactly. Ain't nobody paying attention to Charlemagne. So Why make up your mind? Well I wouldn't let it, I wouldn't let it go. If you still love your wife and you love your family, you think there's a a chance to get back. I I would still fight for my family bro. It ain't like you ain't learning your lesson. You learned it. So now go, go up.


Yeah, I learned it Emini here, but you know what I'm saying? I think she done moved on. I just, my biggest thing is I just know what Emini here. I want the relationship with the kids back. You know what I'm saying? I ain't been able to see the kids since last year. Dang. I'm be honest with you. He ain't learned nothing because he knew, he knew what he wasn't supposed to do before he did it and still decided to do it. You made a choice. No, I thought I was doing what I was supposed to do. I was taking care of the family. I was paying everything so I made sure I was gonna work but I ain't know I had to pick. Well I knew it but you know what I'm saying, you know why I'm saying felt Like it was. Yeah. You felt Like he had to work Or not? No, he wasn't seeing, He felt like he had to work to take care of his kids and he took work over his family. Yeah, Exactly. I'm sorry brother. He Wasn't really giving his wife. No. No other time. No time. It was just work. If he was working so hard, how come you couldn't afford my book? Jesus Christ. Goodbye.


Have a good one brother. Don't even answer man. Sorry. Hello? Who's this? Oh, DJ In Cincinnati.


You hear me? You turned in The, in the, in the tub. I know that's Right. How many lines you did this morning? I no you ain't this morning. I some mother weed. I don't, aint choice. Okay. Okay. All Nigga. I showed her a little, if I get out gifts every day, nigga, what you talking about my nigga? She's definitely a stu a stud high off sativa early in the goddamn damn You to, you coming to the shows in Cincinnati this weekend at the Funny Bone. I'm to see ya two weeks. I said I'm, I already got my flight to come to see y'all. Nope. You better be ready for me to come to New York.


I'm, I want your auto in person. We're not gonna be here. And I want auto in person. Dj. He at the goes with me. I want auto in person And I want Angel. My cousin is her tap channel Angel, her name ya. Yeah. We not gonna be Here. Yeah, we not gonna be here Mama. I said I'm coming to Cincinnati. Are you coming to the shows? Girl, what you talking about? I'm show what up. That's she the best mommy in The World with girl. That girl, she gonna make it go well. Well when you get that good. Oh hi. That little she got down there and some crazy.


Oh, she heard about you been talking. Oh my God's been talking. Got some power. Tell you you have a good one. Healthy from he been in business for 25 years. My All my, You have a good one. Be safe. And remember we don't, we, we not here. So when you come up here, we won't be here. So don't even fly up. I'll see you in Cincinnati. Okay, I'll see you when you coming. Jess, I love you boy. I love all y'all. And when there's peace, there's God. And when there's you Lord, there's no need for nothing else. Amen. Amen. When there's amen, God bless him man.


We needed that energy this morning. Thank you very much man. Yeah. All right, Get it off your chest. 805 8 5 1 0 5 1. We got the latest with Lauren coming up. Yes we do. Kanye just dropped a song with Diddy and Northwest and Kim Kardashian is ready to go. Still giving that man attention. Well Kim Kardashian is ready to go to war about it. So we gonna talk about it all. Alright, We'll get into that. Next is The Breakfast Club. Good morning. The Breakfast Club. Alright, well let's get to the latest with Lauren. Lauren becoming a straight face. She gets them from somebody that knows somebody some well she gets into details. I'm the home girl that knows a little bit about everything.


The World is constantly changing. If's up to you to decide how to respond. Choose to be bold to try something new. Choose to reinvent yourself. That's what Nissan did with the all new totally reimagined kicks. The dynamic new exterior styling immediately announces that Nissan isn't messing around the interior. A completely redesigned cabin with premium features like wireless Apple called Play and a panoramic moon roof make driving a kicks immersive and exciting. And with new performance and safety features like intelligent All-wheel drive, the kicks is both fun and safer to drive than ever before. It is the dawning of a brand new era for the Nissan Kicks. Only one question remains. Is it a new era for you as well? Drive the all new Reimagined Nissan Kicks today. Available Features compatible device service and consumer activation of Nissan Connect Services. Package required use only when safe and legal subject to third party service availability For more information, see Nissan usa.com/connect/legal. Apple CarPlay is a trademark of Apple Link. Intelligent all-wheel drive cannot prevent collisions or provide enhanced traction in all conditions. Always monitor traffic and weather conditions.


At and t has a new guarantee because most things in life are not guaranteed. Like actually getting the rental call you requested or your wedding turning out just like you dreamed it would. And someone making another pot of coffee in the break room after drinking the last drop of the last one. Yeah, don't get me started. Not guaranteed. In The World where nothing is guaranteed at and t is bringing something new to the table. At t is introducing a guarantee. With connectivity you depend on deals you want and service you deserve or they make it right. So if you wanna know more about the at and t guarantee, head to att.com/guarantee. At&t connecting changes everything, terms and conditions apply. Visit att.com/guarantee for details.


Hey fam, this is Carlos Miller from the 85 South Show. If you're like me, you are always thinking about how to level up your career. Maybe you're fresh outta college, just starting in your field or even looking to switch things up and find your true calling. Whatever stage you're in, remember that this is your time to grow, to learn and to build something that lasts. State Farm understands that early career development is the key to long-term success. They've been a steady presence in our community and they know having the right support early can make all the difference. State Farm is there to help you make smart moves and to help you get the coverage you need. We all know that the journey to success is a marathon, not a sprint. It's all about staying focused, staying grounded and making sure you're protected every step of the way. Let's build our careers with confidence knowing that State Farm is there to support us just like they've always been because like a good neighbor State Farm is there. Find out more at State Farm dot com


Before we get back to it, I wanna take a second for our sponsor. Stand up to all the hate now. You know, we joke, we debate, we even push buttons sometimes, but spreading the hate, that's never the right move. There's a difference between keeping it real and just being reckless. Let's do better respect each other and leave the hate out of it. There's no reason to hate. Even in my household. I have six kids And I don't let my children use the word hate. There's no reason to hate on anybody. It's always better to uplift, empower, and make sure that we support. So join us at The Breakfast Club and standing up to all hate. If you see someone getting hate, speak up and call it out. Your voice is one of the most powerful tools there is in this fight. And you can learn more by following at what's up with Hate or show your support by posting the blue square emoji and using the hashtag Staying Up To All Hate on Instagram and TikTok.


She'd be having the latest on Lord the Latest with Lauren La. Sometimes you have facts, sometimes you have details. Sometimes she have a little bit of everything. Well it's the latest on The Breakfast Club Talk. Talk to me. So over the weekend there was a lot of new music that dropped. Kanye dropped a new song via his ex account. The song is called Lonely Road, still Go to Sunshine. This song features Diddy, it features Christian Combs who is Diddy's son. It features Northwest who is a son of Kim Kardashian and Kanye. And then it feature features Jasmine Williams who was a new Yeezy artist that's the daughter of Kanye. You said the son, I'm sorry, the daughter of Yes, Northwest. Thanks Jess. The daughter of Kim Kardashian and Kanye West is northwest.


And then a girl named Jasmine Williams who was a new Yeezy artist. Now let's take a listen to the opening of the song which opens with Diddy on a phone call. Thank you so much for just taking of man ain't nobody out. What I'm that so much. You know what I'm saying? That you reached out to them And I And I appreciate you up man. Yeah, Absolutely. I love you so much man. It's like you, you raised me even, even when I didn't know you. You know what I'm saying? Now after that part happened, there's, you know Jasmine who was the easy artist comes in, there's a a ton of singing but then you hear a verse from Northwest, I ain't gonna hold you.


I like it. I like her. Her verse, I didn't know Kanye had artists. I didn't know he had new artists either. Like new artists, like people. Somebody still crazy enough to sign with him. I Didn't know that either. Emini here, He's still a genius when it comes to production. So I'm sure people believe use it for his production but in it artistry. But His behavior overshadows all that now. Like I, he's so, he's such a liability. It's like he's so reckless. I wouldn't know how to trust my career in his hands. I not a Nick Cannon before Kanye West now. No you wouldn't. No you wouldn't. Yeah, I feel like Kanye West now. No you wouldn't. You wouldn't go too far with that one. No you wouldn't. But I will say this, you go independent, you rather be Kanye and Kanye. I'll be Indy. But if an artist has nothing flyer, if an artist has nothing, no deal. Nothing in the play and they, and Kanye West is waiting in the wing 'cause he's still a musical genius.


He might test the water. Well This song 'cause Kanye West came out with new branding for Sunday service. He said Sunday service is returning, which is the, the big outside like church concert he would do every Sunday. This was supposed to release during Sunday service but Kim Kardashian wasn't having it. So she had heard this song prior to its release. She sent legal letters demanding a, demanding a cease and desist. She didn't want this to come out. She asked for an emergency hearing with a mediator and a judge. They got the hearing, Kanye did not attend. And at some point ye promised her that this song would not drop and then it pops up on his ex account. He posted to his ex account. So then there's a Twitter exchange that Ye is claiming is between him and Kim Kardashian.


So they're having a conversation about the trademarks. 'cause you know Kim in the Kardashians trademark all of their kids' names. So he's basically upset because because of the trademarks she's able to say no you can't have her on this song. So she's like, yo, I asked you when they were kids, could I trademark their names? You said yes when she gets, when she turns 18, it goes to her Stop it. I sent the paperwork over so that that Diddy song would not be released to protect her. One person has a trademark it. So he's saying, so then Kanye Rein responds amended or I'm going to war and neither of us will recover from the public fallout. You're gonna have to kill me. This is what he responds to Kim Kardashian over her not wanting Northwest on this song. Jeez. Which The parents, they both should have, should agree on what they want their child to do.


Right. One shouldn't make a decision without the other one's. Okay. Or, or nay. Right. That's how it should be as co-parenting. I also think, as you know, and I'm not a parent so y'all let me know if I'm tripping, but if I'm her father, I wouldn't want her on a song. Even if your attention is good to try and bring this other side to this Diddy situation. There's too much going on with him right now. To put my daughter on this song, Emini here, You don't even need to be a parent to Common sense. Like I just wanna make sure that people would be like, oh you ain't no parent. Well no I get It. But you my common sense captain, you're Right man. Kanye was is just boring. Like outta all the things Kanye has become that we don't like boring is the one I thought I would never see coming. He's just boring. And what makes him even more boring is the fact he's such a try hard, he tries so hard to be provocative.


He tries so hard to be controversial and he just comes off as boring. He's just boring. It's 'cause we know what he's trying to do now. It's just like, I just hate to see that his baby girl who actually loves to do music, she, she's excited to do music. Yeah. And she sounds great. Yes. The track, it's wrapped up into this and you know what? Emini here and she thinks her dad is her hero. So she's, you know, she's gonna, it's her dad. Right. But it's just, it's, I hate to see kids involved in, in the middle of stuff like that. Absolutely. So Kim, from, from what the sources have told TMZ who broke this exclusive information from Kim's side of it, she's not backing down. She has reached out to everybody she can about getting this removed everywhere and she's not gonna stop until it does. So she wants To protect her daughter as she should. Yeah. Yeah. Well and in rapping really quickly, a boogie with the hoodie was involved in a car accident over the weekend.


So this car accident happened 1:00 AM in New York on, I believe this was Saturday. Damn that's the car. Yes. I'm gonna show you guys the car. So this was March 15th, so this was Yeah Saturday. So the car, I'm gonna show you guys a picture, but for all the listeners, I'm gonna just describe it. The hood was completely removed off of the car by the time it got on the tow truck. He is literally like I would say lucky to be alive. He was not harmed at all. Oh, that's amazing. His team did confirm to TMZ that this was his car and he was involved in an accident. But he is fine. He didn't even go to the hospital and Yeah, like if you look at this car Yeah, that's his Ferrari too. Yeah, it's bent up. It's completely bent up. So. Oh God bless. Yeah, God bless. God bless him. Yes, for sure. So yeah, sending some, some prayers to him.


'cause I'm sure Emini here I would be completely shaken up. I and it was a one. It was, he was the only car involved in a collision too. It was only in one car. So what'd he Hit? I'm not for sure. Might Have lost control. He might have hit something. Yeah, like I said, he was in a Ferrari. Yeah. I'm not for sure what he hit, but it was only a one car C collision. Alright, Well happy St. Patrick's day too. Today is a white people, single de mayo dropping a clue bomb where everybody's celebrating St. Patrick's Day today I sat here thinking to myself, I can't believe there was a time we would walk around pinching stranges because they wasn't wearing green. You did That. People did that all the time. Just violating folks' boundaries. Did Y'all do that? No. Never knew that was, We never even cared. Never Did. We went out and got drunk. But like pinching People. Yeah, you was not getting drunk in school or maybe you were after, maybe you were actually you know what, maybe you, were you getting drunk in elementary School in grade?


No Emini here. They like college. I wasn't even old enough to drink in elementary school and grade school. Nah, In grade school. Elementary school they told you to wear green. Everybody wore green. But that was about it. That's as far, And they encouraged pension people if they didn't wear green. I never heard that this adult, My grandma would pinch us. But it wasn't for St. Patrick's Day. It was like you was loud in church or something. You deserve to get pinched. Is that why you wearing green? No, it's actually not. Oh, Nobody got the spirit up here. No, it's not. Were y'all going out and celebrating? No. Celebrating what? I don't even know what St. Patrick's Day is at. When I think of St. Patrick's, you know what I think about? I think a ghost when I think of St. Patrick's. James St. Patrick. Yes. I don't think of nothing else. I don't even know what St. Patrick's Day means is a holiday. I have no idea.


It means the Irish Just for the Irish people, right? Yeah. And I'm Irish. Me too. You the Ancestry.com Kelley. Yes, Casey. Because when it comes, what? Casey? Yes. I'm Irish. If I take y'all with me, I get discounts on my shots. Definitely Not. All right. All right. When we come back, we got front page news and then Brandon T. Jackson actor will be joining us. Hi, it's The Breakfast Club. Good morning. The Breakfast Club. Your mornings will never be the same Morning everybody. It's DJ, JNV, Jess. Hilarious. Charlemagne the guy. We are The Breakfast Club. Let's get in some front page news. Mimi filling in for Morgan. What up Mimi? What up y'all? Okay, so this morning Donald Trump is waking up and choosing violence.


He is claiming he made a post on true social after midnight saying that former President Joe Biden's, preemptive pardons of the January 6th select committee and others are void, vacant and of no future force of effect. Now, like I said, he made this post on truth social. He went on to say that members of the former January 6th committee that they would now be subject to investigation at the highest level and accuse them of being responsible for their own pardons without biden's knowledge. He claims the pardons were done by Auto pin, which is a device that replicates a person's signature. Well, Emini here, we're in a post constitutional America.


Now if, if, if, if, if Trump is allowed to get to do that, then we're just post law. So nothing matters. If nothing matters, it's completely because how do You do that? Yeah, I don't know. And to be honest with you, I don't know if he have the power to do it or not because I've never seen a president do it. And Donald Trump has shown me, you know, quite often that presidents can do whatever they want if they got the political will to do it. So if if he says it, it might just be, I don't know. We gonna find out. That's right. We are going to find out. And meanwhile, with all that going on, the Democratic party is facing criticism as a new CNN poll shows its approval rating is at an all time low, just 29%.


Now, according to the poll, democratic leaders do not do enough to stand up to President Trump. They also say that Democrats have no strategy, they have no plan, no message, there's no clear leader. And the poll also shows that many Democrats want the party to focus on stopping the Republican agenda rather than working with the GOP major majority to push through democratic policies. Congresswoman Jasmine Crockett, she was on CNN this weekend and she was asked about the poll and this is what she had to say. And I want to say, as you're talking about the polling on my party, I wanna say that it is the Democratic Attorney Generals and some governors that are standing up against this administration and bringing those lawsuits and winning every single time they are losing in court.


Could we do a better job of making it? Sure. Making sure that the American people know that we are winning in the courts. We probably could, but at the end of the day, it's still Democrats that are winning for the American people. I can't believe that poll is just coming to this conclusion. I feel like I've been saying this for years. You know what, Emini here and Jasmine is great, but if I was a Democrat, I wouldn't even speak for the party right now because the party is in shambles, the party is in disarray. The party has no leadership, the party has no messaging. So I wouldn't even speak for the party and try to act like the party has it all together. Because guess what? We all have eyes and we all have ears and we can see that they don't have any direction. Yeah. Yeah. You've been saying that for a while, Charlamagne. And she was also asked if semi Democrats should replace Chuck Schumer.


And she said that they need to have a, they need to sit down and decide whether or not he is the one to lead in this moment. That the answer is yes. So, okay, Whitney, whenever you hear them talking like that, they know that the answer is yes, but they for real, for whatever reason, they just won't simply say yes. Which is another reason why, you know, people look at Democrats and be like, they have no direction, they don't have no idea what's going on. Because the obvious answer is yes, Chuck Schu needs to be, needs to go. Yeah. And they don't say that. So meanwhile, while the Democrats are struggling three months into his second term, president Trump has reached the his highest approval rating as Commander in chief. A new NBC news poll found that more Americans believe the country is on the right track than at any other time since 2004.


However, the poll also shows that 54% disapprove of his handling of the economy marking the first time he's lost the majority support on that issue. But despite that, many voters feel like he's bringing the right kind of change. Even on trade policies, more people support his trade tariffs. 41% support them than oppose them, which is 38%. Now this is despite last week's stock market drop that where he imposed new tariffs on Canada, Mexico, and China. And on inflation, the poll suggests that mixed opinion opinions 40% say that his policies are helping 30 believe they're hurting in 28%. They just believe they are having no impact.


Dang, the Democrats are struggling, the Trump administration is winning. And finally, with tax season in full swing, the Better Business Bureau is warning the public about a new scam involving fake IRS text messages. Now the scam involves a text message claiming to be from the IRS telling recipients they qualify for a 1400 economic impact payment rebate. Now the message includes a link, but the Better Business Bureau they're saying, do not click on it. The link leads to a fake but convincing IRS website designed to steal your personal information and financial information, which can be used for identity theft. Anyone eligible for the $1,400 stimulus checks will receive it by mail and never through a text or an online link.


Hold on. Is today stimulus check going up? That's what they're saying. I don't, no. Damn. Yeah, if you qualify for one, you'll receive it in the mail and not, don't, don't click on the link. So, okay. So that's your front page news. I'm Mimi Brown, follow me on social at Mimi Brown tv. And for more news coverage, follow the Black Information Network or download the free iHeartRadio app and visit BN news.com. Peace Mimi. Thank you Mimi B Thank you. All Right. And when we come back we have Brandon T. Jackson. You seen him in Big Mama's House, you've seen him in Lottery ticket. You've seen him in Fast and Furious. You seen him in Tropic Thunder, you seen him in Road Bounce. But now he'll be joining us. He's in Carl Webs, the Family Business, new Orleans, and we'll talk to him next.


It's The Breakfast Club. Good morning, The Breakfast Club. Morning everybody. It's DJ Envy. Jess, Hilarious Charlamagne, the guy. We are The Breakfast Club. Lauren LaRosa filling in for Jess and we got a special guest in the building. Yes indeed. He's on the new show on BET plus Carl Webers, the Family Business, new Orleans, which is streaming right now. Ladies and gentlemen, we have Brandon T. Jackson. Welcome brother. We back. How's it going? How you doing? My brother? I'm doing Very well. Very well. Excited show's. Doing good. So, you know, people are liking that Carl Webber's the family business. What brought you back to Hollywood? I niggas gonna ask that. Hey, What brought you back to Hollywood? You know what, when you, when you go off and do a, a spiritual journey, you know what Emini here and you and you learn and you aggregate people and you realize that God gives you a gift right.


To use. And when it gives you a gift, you're not using it. You could, you can go crazy and you can, you know, you can like get depressed. And I think my gift is, is something that was given to through a purpose that's bigger than just acting. So I, I saw the whole thing, you know, trying to aggregate, you know, our people together to come together economically. And I, I'm not the first one to try And I wouldn't say fail, but art is what he gave me, I believe. To, to to to be a light. How has the industry changed? Meaning like, for better, Worse? I don't think, I never, here's my issue. The whole Illuminati cut off my gas. Everybody blaming some fictitious. I'm not saying not, I don't, you know, the whole Do you have to sell your soul to be in Hollywood is what I'm saying.


That's a good question. And you still have to sell it now is what I'm saying. I don't, I don't feel like it, it is, it is like that. I wonder spiritually, I feel like whatever you will do to get where you gotta go, you gotta find what energy is pushing you. Mm. My energy was always the most high. You know, my dad told me this too, he's like, you got my blood, my prayers, your grandmother's prayers, your grandfather's prayers running through your veins. So when you do these other things, your ancestors are calling for you not to do. So it won't work. You know what I'm saying? I, I've been to many, you know, dark places in life And I just like, it don't, it don't work for me. You know, I tried Was com was comedy, your your safe place? 'cause you stopped doing acting and you totally dove into comedy.


Yeah, you know what? It's funny. I've been, I've been doing standup since I was 14. I actually started doing standup in church. A lot of people think I, I I went and started doing, I started as com doing comedy and then I got the movie Roll Bounds. You Said in church? Yeah, I started in church. So you would get up in front of the congregation and tell the shop they owned this over there though? Yeah, I was clean, I was a clean comedy Emini here. I'm still relatively pretty clean, but not, you know, I, I could do better but with, with my dad, he don't like going my shows. But yeah, I talk about this in Chest Out. I got a new show we shop in new. It's, it's really good actually. I would like you to watch it. Okay. Because you, you, you a tough critic. Okay. DJ Me, he's seen me perform, he's seen me do well. He's seen me bomb me. He seen me get standing ovations everything. But you never seen me do comedy. I would like, I'm gonna send that to you. It's called Chest Out. We shop in Netflix, Hulu, Amazon, everybody.


So it's, it's, it's looking really good. But yeah, comedy is, it was my safe place when I was going through the whole spiritual journey. I actually talk about it and the whole thing is about that. You know, I thought, you know, there's no disrespect, but I thought at one time you was gonna quit comedy. 'cause I've seen a couple of shows where Brandon go up and this was right after everything. And you bomb. Yeah, bomb. And I was like, there's no way Brandon's coming back after this. And this is the bomb that you like Charlamagne like bomb. Like the bomb bomb. See, see, see Yeah. I got two types of comedy I like, I like when I think somebody's really funny and really making me think. I'm just, I'm actually just watching like, I'm not laughing because you know, I like to catch everything. Yeah. But when somebody's bombing, yeah, You love it. I don't know why I, I think I like watching the person try to figure it out. That's what makes me laugh.


But New York bomb is are different from a, a regular New York is a different audience. They respect, they, they don't want to even let you get it out. Like if you bomb in New York, yeah. You could say it is like, it's acceptable because a New York bomb is like, you might be good in another city. Y'all New York is a tough audience. How many times Did you bomb in New York? But I don't wanna say, I don't wanna seem like he bombs every time. Made, Made it seem like it was a lot of timeall. He been must DJ'ed for his set at least 15 times. I never knew that times. Yeah. Well he does. We do it on tour. So I DJ everybody set Got got everybody. He's been doing it for years though. He seen, that's what he saw. New York is the, is what I got. Good real Michael shout out to him. He actually trained me to get good because I, I wasn't raw no more.


I was doing all the movies. So it was Rocky three, you know what Emini here like, like then that's, he was seeing that moment years ago. So You was rich, you had the fame and you kind of lost the edge a little bit. Yeah. And that's what like in 2000, like 15, 16. But now that's, you know, that's, that's old. But how do you regain, what made you stay with it though? Because like you, you've seen that and it would take a lot of heart from comedians if they got I'm a resilient and plus I know I'm funny. I don't have to try to be funny. I'm a funny person. You know what Emini here, it's just about connecting material. I didn't have a story at the time. See now I have a story how I left Hollywood for seven years, actually joined a religious cult, AK and had to come back and Terrance Howard save me. That's funny. You know what Emini here, like is that a true story? Somewhat. It's, it's fabricated but it's pretty, pretty true.


How did Terrance Howard save you Now? You gotta watch it. You gotta watch it. You gotta Watch it. Terrance seem like he's still in the cult right now. So I love Terrance though, by the way. Terrance is smart And I, I I totally agree. I think People put this, put this number in the calculator. 5 5, 5. Nine, nine. Yeah. But you know why I respect guys like that is because they're at least trying to figure something else out. They're just not accepting what has been told to us all of these years. And if there is another way, just Show me. He's dealing in the, it's it's Steve man, quantum, the quantum realm. And that's when you start talking about quantum physics and all that stuff. It is a different game. You're talking a different language. You know, we, we keep talking about Republican Democrats. Y'all better be worried about these computers. Word these. This is, this is about to get real.


I'm, I have a tech company that I, that I run, I have machines right now building machines by itself. Like he's in that realm and he's talking about stuff that people don't understand. So I know, you know, I talked to him yesterday. He sent me a 40 page book about what he was talking about. I don't understand any of it. You read it though? Yeah, I read of that. It's all numbers and stuff. So, And so during your breakaway from Hollywood, that was your focus, like Emini here. I know I saw some quotes that you said you wanted to just build community as well and kind of Like get back. I, the community center and the community didn't show up. So I, I'm back. I was, I I tried, I tried Charla man, I tried. I put in my PTO and y'all ain't even pop out y'all. It's crazy. Hundreds of thousand dollars to this dude, this cult leader.


We supposed to build a community. I can, I don't know what's about us trying to build a community together where it's like this forbidden thing in the Matrix And I just wanted to challenge it And I realized that it's not really because we blame a lot of other nationalities and we got black people. Oh my god. We do though. But at the same time, it's like I dealt with only us for a, a long time and, and for seven years, like I went, I went, I went, I went to the mountain top. You know what Emini here well talk about what you're talking about. 'cause a lot of people might not know. So you decided to I made it a cult. So you decided to, was it join a religion? Was it No, it wasn't that. It's just the way, I wouldn't say religion. It was more so understand and leaders that take the Bible and twist it to control people.


I would say, you know what, Emini here and that's what you were in. I didn't know I was in it. You never know when you were in a cult. That's truth. You learn truth, truth when people, man when people tell you the truth, but then they take that truth for their own power. That's when the truth is not, the call is not the problem. The teachers are usually the problem. You know what Emini here, the shepherds. That that say, okay, now that you know this, you know what Emini here, they start to, you know, you know what, Emini here, gimme a wife. You got you out of it. Huh? Give you a wife. Right. He becomes like, wait a minute. What? You know what Emini here six says? Huh? Did they ask for your wife? You know what's funny? Jesus Christ. You got, You got a wife now You have a wife. Now listen, I'm, I'm, I'm not if you don't, robots was a long time ago.


Okay? I don't got four children. I I'm grown. I got kids And I, but I, I thought I, let's get back to the first question. Yeah. If you Don't feel comfortable talking about it, that's cool Too. Like, no, I'm trying to save it for the special. But we could talk, I wish. Oh, I think it make, I wish this was the interview for the special because I talk about it in the special, I'm trying not to say jokes. That's in the special got. That's right. You see me Emini here. That's why I'm, I'm pandering because I'm like, that's poke a little bit. But like, I, so, but, but you really wanna know that the dramatic part of it, it wasn't the whole time seven years I was in the call. I start, when you, when you're trying to go and build our community together, there's a lot of trauma. And I think people, when they, they hold on to the truth and, and, and understanding of some certain scriptures, they then put trauma on people.


Is that the best way I can say it? Yeah. And I, I I, the person wouldn't say he's in the cult, but I he's definitely in the cult. All right. We got more with Brandon T. Jackson, when we come back it's The Breakfast Club. Good morning. Morning everybody. It's Ke, JNV Jess. Hilarious Charlamagne the guy. We are The Breakfast Club. Lauren LA is hanging with us as well. We're still kicking it with Brandon T. Jackson actor. You seen him in a bunch of films from lottery ticket to Big Mama's House. And now he's in a new series on BET plus called Webs the Family Business, new Orleans. Now she asked about, you know, your wife and you know, there's a video of online talking about you redating your wife. Yeah, yeah. Well it was your ex-wife technically. Right. And I Actually Emini here. I met your wife I think once or twice before. Yeah. Yeah. That's why I was like Trying to figure y'all back together. Figure out where y'all y Yeah. Did y'all figure that out?


Are we back together? Are we babe? No, I'm joking. You calling her Babe? That's y'all locked In. Listen, you know what's funny? We, we, we try to keep everything very private now because we, people can just get in the way. But we definitely are a family and we definitely are. We love each other very much. And I will say that for me, I feel like that I didn't give her the best version of myself. I would say that. Oh wow. That's very interesting to hear you say. You know what, Emini here, Like I I'm very proud of you to hear you say that. Yeah. So I think that accountability is hard sometimes. Yeah. You gotta be accountable. I was, I wasn't the best husband and not because I was, I was just gone. It wasn't the guy she met. You know what Emini here I was AK Bak. I don't know what my name was at the time. So you was like Martin with the robe on and you Out.


Yeah, it was, that's not who she met. So, you know, it was like, we can't eat this, we can't do that. You gotta sit down and all the submissive stuff, it's like women and men submit to love. I learned we gotta submit to love. And love is, is, is what's the key. And I, when I say that is, is selfless sacrifice. That's love. When you don't want to do something and you do it because you love that person. I think that's the lesson I've, I've learned and I'm still learning because sometimes I'm, I'm, I'm very generous, but I'm not selfless. You know what Emini here, how'd you get back to Brandon? Some prayers? My mama Jesus. Bring him out. Jesus. What, what did God say? Like, I'm, I'm really interested in That. He said, I went to the mountain top And I seen it. I seen, I seen the light.


You know, I seen the whole thing. I was in the, I was in the holy land and, and God spoke to me on the mountaintop. And you know what he said to me? He said, get back to work. Get back to work. That's what he said. Go back to work. I was done. You know what Emini here and you do work man acting. Yes. And I do the whole thing. So he said, get back to work. And I felt it. And I was like, okay, it's time. You know what? Emini here. And it was cool because now I know my source. You know what Emini here, What did God say to you that made you step away then? He just ripped everything from me, just as fast as he gave it to me. Now think about this. I did three minutes Laugh Factory, right? And became Rob Robots was my sec, my first audition got as agent at CAA, right from one. It was a miracle to the fact that I made it because they was coming to see another comic at the time.


And then they were like, what? You know, you killed that set. You gotta stand ovation. Here's our card. I'm like, what's Kai agency? And I didn't know what Kai was. It was, you know what, Emini here. CAA, right? Yeah. CAA at the time. And then, oh, my agents got me too. So that's ridiculous. But that's another story. Now, now, you know, I'm, I'm at Buck Wall, shout out to them. But I'm saying back in the day. But that was the start of like, the way the cosmic stuff happened, where I got moved to this, to that. And then it happened so fast and it was like cosmic. It was like, okay, boom. Now you got audition for Road Bounce. Now you boom, got that movie. Now you go wilding out. Nick Canon is showing you wilding out on the set of road bounce. Now you on that.


Then you get to audition for Tropic Thunder. You don't get the part, then they call you back. And then you get the part, you know what Emini here? It, it was always, it was always like that. I Remember on club Sheha Cat Williams said, you, you only became successful after dressing like a woman. How do we need to be in a dress? And I get so mad. I say, you don't want me, you want Brandon T. Jackson. And that's who they went and got twice. I said that. They went and got him Emini Here. It's the, the whole women dress thing. I'm so, it is, it's so hilarious that this conversation that never leaves the internet, by the way. I'm trying, I'm gonna give y'all soundbite. I'll come here and give y'all y'all soundbite. You know the cool thing about Kat Williams, he, he has a cool way of getting people to listen. He has a really strategic way of saying things that make people go, is that true?


You know, he has a cool way of, of selling tickets doing that. He sold so many tickets. He sold my tickets with that. Hmm, for real. When he said that my whole tour was sold out, I was like, thanks Kat. So it's kind of like one of those things where no dress thing, you know, I'm so, I'm so partial to the, to how you look at things. You have this era, and I'm just gonna give you a history. Martin Lawrence missed doubt, fire, all this stuff in the nineties where there was no internet, everybody was blind to it, right? And then after that era, you have Dave Chappelle comes out on Oprah and says this thing that's, that was the start of it saying, okay, you see what I'm saying? So I never thought about it. No one knew the conspiracies or whatever it is about this. Now think about it.


A kid growing up in the nineties, right? Brandy Jackson watching everything. I'm watching Shana Na I'm watching Martin, I'm watching everything right? Martin Johnson, mama, mom, grandma, mom, my mom. You know it. Jamie, Fox, Wanda, yeah. Internet. Yeah. So you, you look at, you have this, this, this knowledge of you, of, of these things. You know, you looking at it, if there was something wrong, why don't we as men come to that person and say, Hey, hey man, look, you should do some research on this. I believe this is a dark energy with that. You know what, Emini here, Kat never did that. I respect him very much, but he never mentored. And that's why the mentorship in our, in our community, especially with black men, we don't, we just want to say things in the media instead of calling somebody up.


So what is your attentions to really save me and help? Or is your attention to bash my brand so you can look better? Because when Martin came to me,


The World is constantly changing. It's up to you to decide how to respond. Choose to be bold to try something new. Choose to reinvent yourself. That's what Nissan did with the all new totally reimagined kicks. The dynamic new exterior styling immediately announces that Nissan isn't messing around the interior. A completely redesigned cabin with premium features like wireless Apple call play and a panoramic moonroof make driving a kicks immersive and exciting. And with new performance and safety features, like intelligent all-wheel drive, the kicks is both fun and safer to drive than ever before. It is the dawning of a brand new era for the Nissan Kicks. Only one question remains. Is it a new era for you as well? Drive the all new reimagined Nissan Kicks today. Available Features compatible device service and consumer activation of Nissan Connect Services. Package required use only when safe and legal subject to third party service availability. For more information, see Nissan usa.com/connect/legal. Apple CarPlay is a trademark of Apple Link. Intelligent all-wheel drive cannot prevent collisions or provide enhanced traction in all conditions. Always monitor traffic and weather conditions.


Hey fam, if you're like me, you are thinking about how to level up in your career. Maybe you're fresh out of college, just starting in your field or even looking to switch things up and find your true calling. Whatever stage you're in, remember that this is your time to grow, to learn, and to build something that lasts. State Farm understands that early career development is key to long-term success. They've been a steady presence in our communities and they know that having the right support early on can make all the difference. State Farm is there to help you make smart moves and to help you get the coverage you need. We all know that the journey to success is a marathon, not a sprint. It's about staying focused, staying grounded, and making sure you're protected every step of the way. Let's build our careers with confidence, knowing that State Farm is there to support us just like they've always been. Because like a good neighbor, a State Farm is there. Find out more at State Farm dot com.


Before we get back to it, I wanna take a second for our sponsor. Stand up to all the hate now. You know, we joke, we debate, we even push buttons sometimes, but spreading the hate, that's never the right move. There's a difference between keeping it real and just being reckless. Let's do better respect each other and leave the hate out of it. There's no reason to hate. Even in my household. I have six kids And I don't let my children use the word hate. There's no reason to hate on anybody. It's always better to uplift, empower, and make sure that we support. So join us at The Breakfast Club and standing up to all hate. If you see someone getting hate, speak up and call it out. Your voice is one of the most powerful tools there is in this fight. And you can learn more by following at what's up with hate or show your support by posting the blue square emoji and using the hashtag Staying Up to All Hate on Instagram.


And TikTok At


and t has a new guarantee because most things in life are not guaranteed. Like actually getting the rental car you've requested or your wedding turning out just like you dreamed it would. And someone making another pot of coffee in the break room after drinking the last drop of the last one. Yeah, don't get me started. Not guaranteed. In a world where nothing is guaranteed, at t is bringing something new to the table. At t is introducing a guarantee. With connectivity, you depend on deals you want and service you deserve or they make it right. So if you wanna know more about the at t guarantee, head to att.com/guarantee. At&t connecting changes everything, terms and conditions apply. Visit att.com/guarantee for details


Instead. Played in the movie, I was like, yes, I'm 25, you pay me $3 million to work with Martin Lawrence. You know what I'm saying? He had this big ring eating steak. I'm like, I want, I want, you know what, Emini here. Okay, you're 25. I did that. No, I did that movie at 24. Fresh off Tropic Thunder. So it's like no one's thinking about any of that stuff. So if that was the case, 'cause he said on the interview exact words was he said, y'all don't want me, y'all want Brandon T. Jackson, right? And I'm looking at him on that. I'm like, so wait, you knew they were gonna come for me and you told them to kind of you, you tip them and say, y'all need to go get Brandon T. Jackson. So was that kind of pimping me out to the Illuminati? Or was there in his mind or what? I'm unfair. Do you feel like comedian's wearing the dresses Illuminati though? No, I'm saying that's what he's saying. What do you, what do you think though? What do I feel? I feel that What's it Emini here?


I don't, that's what I'm saying. I don't, I don it's it is Miss Doubtfire Illuminati? Like no, no. So is black is a like, I don't know one. It's us. I don is Illuminati. I don don't. So one it is white people is comedy. To Your point, I I'm, I'm older than you. I'm 46. But when I was younger I just thought it was funny. Yeah, I thought it was funny. I know That Never nothing else ever cro by not even gay. Like, not even gay. It just was, I just thought it was funny. I feel like when I moved To LA is when I started hearing that like black men wear dresses, whatever, whatever. And I was like, what? I just thought it was funny Too. I see both points to, to the defense. I never, in our dramatic arts doing the history, we never had those type of, that came from Greek and Roman Greco Romans. You know what Emini here. And so if you say you're gonna be pro black and pro this and this is what we are, this is what we do.


That was never our art form doing that far as, as I can study when I study ancient art, ancient folk tales, ancient storytelling. We never did that as far as I know. So when people say, Hey look, that is a Greek Roman situation. That could be, there's an argument there. 'cause we, we probably learned it from them. So if you, if you saying this is how our nationality and what we do and we're sticking together, then there's other nationality that said we're Americans and this is just art. So I Just say you this, people think that I, I think I said this one interview that the dress ruined. I think they, they actually, they said, I Saw you said that you admit, you said your career went downhill after big mama's house. You believe it was cursed because nothing went right since then since you wore The dress. And that's exactly, yeah. But but you gotta look at it.


That's also when my mind was in a certain place too. So I would say when I strayed away from my principles is when I, when when things got bad Got you on my personal life. You can't blame. That's what I'm saying. You can't blame, you know, your agent, you know what Emini here or whatever. People like to blame Hollywood. You know what Emini here it is not Hollywood. It's, it's what you do with the power Emini here. Once I learned that, I'm like, it's not, there's no Hollywood, it's no, to me it's no invisible ghost that's trying to, it's like God, universe, whatever you wanna call it, I say most high gives you a choice to go down these pathways to learn. And I don't really believe there's any wrong choices. I believe that you're learning a lesson that you have to go to get to where the most high hat want you to be, to learn as a human.


Because we still learning, we still, we don't know the extent of God's love and we don't know the extent of his judgment. We just don't know. So if you have these lessons, you're learning. I know I would never do it again. I wanna ask you, you said you mentioned your brothers and your father. What did they say when you put on the dress Emini here, no one said anything. No one said nothing until Kat Williams said something. And that's my Point. Like, I'm Wondering, I'm wondering did it bother you? It never bothered you until somebody said something about it. Because that's, that's the most fascinating Thing to me. Oh, what you was trying To say. When people have no problem with something, your conscience is fine with it. Your spirit is cool with it. But then soon as somebody else says something now you like, what's the issue now? Yeah, why? Well, it wasn't just that. It was more so my, my, I stayed in Atlanta for like eight months after that, just doing music.


I, I don't, I lost my mind on that movie. I don know what happened. You know what Emini here, I think I I, it was, it definitely was something that wasn't right on that movie. I would say spiritually, I will say that. All right, we got more with Brandon T. Jackson. When we come back, it's The Breakfast Club. Good morning. Good morning everybody. It's DJ nv, just hilarious. Charlemagne the guy. We are The Breakfast Club. Lauren The roast is hanging with us as well. We're still kicking it with actor Brandon T. Jackson. Charlemagne. I wonder, right, I I've seen you reference the scripture. Deuteronomy 22 5. And you said that's Deuteronomy. Yeah. A state, a woman shall not wear a man's garment nor Shaw, a man put on a woman's clothing for anyone who does such things as an abomination to the Lord your God. According Of scripture. Yeah, according to Scripture.


So, so why did it hurt other people, other people's careers Before? No, I'm saying no. That, that, when did I, when did I caught that? You saying why didn't that hurt? You said this on comedy hype. Yeah. Okay. I'm saying but why did, why didn't other other people put the dress on? It didn't hurt their career. So why do you think it, why do you think God cursed You? Emini here. That's an old, that's an old sign. But I believe I cursed myself with when it comes down to not following. I'll tell you this. If you don't, if you don't follow the ways for me, if I don't follow the ways of the most, I, I tried it. I believe you. I I'm just saying my went down. You know what? Emini here, he said exactly one thing. I'm not gonna, I'm not gonna gonna test that anymore. But I would say I, I can't say it. I can't say what God's, that's what we don't know. God's grace and his love for other people.


I can't say you just know What he told you to do. And you didn't told he never told me not to wear a dress. You know what, Emini here. Not like that. He never said that. He never told me not to work with Martin. But he, what I, what I would say is that once I had, once I learned that scripture, that's when I started to realize was it this? And I think a lot, I was doing a lot of pre-interviews while learning, learning the learning scripture. And I think I was talking too much on the internet without getting full knowledge of the, of the things. Maybe it was, maybe, maybe it was, maybe it was that, maybe it wasn't. But I would say this, I would say that that experience brought me to a place where I got closer with God to understand his mercies. I know his mercies And I know his judgment from, from me.


Emini here. I seen some people sniff cocaine and go up Emini here. You know, I Have a question now. 'cause it seems like you're in a lot. Like you're in a more restored place. Yeah. He restored my soul, right? Yeah. Emini here. It gives that, it feels like you kind of working through things or have worked through things. Have you had a conversation with Kat Williams at this point about the stuff that was said? Or would You I've been trying to have a, he keep running around the internet. I can't get Kat call me. Like, it's easy. It's not. I could Were y'all cool before? I've always been a fan of Kat. He said, never meet your heroes. I've always been a fan. I love Kat Williams. Wow. Like, it hurts me to hear him say these, these are my mentors. You know what Emini here. So he was a Mentor Before, no, in the, the media. Like these are my, my comedic mentors. I'm studying these guys. Like These are people you looking up to.


I wonder why you though, why did he, why, why were you Talking Me too, my mom. Like, why Cat always talking about you? I'm like, mom, I don not everybody ka but not everybody didn't he he did. But he been talking about me for years. Like it's been since we was, since I was like 23, 24. You Said it's been like 20 some years. Right? He Keep going with it. I'm like, what? Like, I don't know man. But I, I would love to sit down and have a conversation with Kat Williams just to be like, well what's the problem? You know what Emini here, if whatever his reason is, it's like, I really don't care. But I really wouldn't know. Like, why you keep talk. What's the, what is the the social media Allure. Allure of, of me? Like, talk about somebody else. You think if the Percy Jackson franchise would've went a different way, you think things would've been different for you. Because everybody was saying that was supposed to be like the next Harry Potter franchise and Emini here.


You see what did, did Harry Potter did for Daniel Radcliffe? Like what You think that would've been the same for you? I don't know. I had fun. We did that in Vancouver and we had a good time Emini here. And I love my path. My path is dope. Like the comeback kid. That's a bad, who wants to watch somebody on top all the time? Michael B. Jordan always got muscles. You know what, Emini here, I love it. Emini here. I don't have muscles all the time. You know what Emini here, like, you know what Emini here. Like, I, I, even, even Jonathan Majors, you know what Emini here? Yeah. He's coming back and, and and doing his resilience. And it's all about what story I believe. I believe we actually write our stories too. I believe subconsciously we co-write with God personally. This is my, my saying is, I don want none of y'all people hitting me up. Like God ain't the Bible. But I would, I would say that we're co-creators with creators.


Our decision making to learn the best thing. I think I, I actually, I think subconsciously I I, I wrote this story, you know, I, I don't like to Emini here. It is not fun to watch somebody. The hero got it. The flawed hero. Yeah. Yeah, yeah. You know what, Emini here, I'm the flawed hero. I might get drunk sometimes. I wore a dress and got mad and got on the internet and said everyone's going to hell. And then, you know what? Emini here it come back with a number one TV show. That's that's a cool ass story. I agree. And I Emini here. It's good to see you back in a, a mentally healthy emotionally sound space. I think so. Anyway. I think it's dope. And I, that's, that's why I I don't even really wanna talk to you no more. 'cause I really wanna see your standup because I feel, I feel like all the answers are in the standup and then we can have a deeper conversation.


Yeah. It's funny because it's, it is drama And I, I'm funny. I'm not really, I was, I was talking to my, my agent about this. I'm funny in a drama. You notice everything I've done that was like, I Emini here. Honestly, I don I'm not supposed to say this, but I don't care. I don't think Big Mama Sauce is a good movie. I think it's a horrible movie. Personally. I don, To be honest with you, I don't even remember Big Mama. Exactly. I remember. Why do you think it's a horrible movie? It Like, it's a good movie Emini here. Why? Because, because when you have a Tropic Thunder palette in offense, when you around those dudes that are writing like Danny McBride, Justin Thoreau, they writing the highest octane of high level satire. Mel Brooks. When you study comedy slapstick, I don't like slapstick. I I'm not good as you feel Like it was low bar comedy. Like it was like easy punchline. It slap. I'm not a slapstick artist.


I'm, I'm funny in a drama. You know who the best was? That was Eddie. He was always funny in dramas. Beverly's Cop is a drama. Martin does better. And he actually both, he does great with slapstick. 'cause his whole show was slapstick. But Martin's Martin's One of the best physical Comedians. Yeah. Physical comedians. But he can do both. Bad Boys is a drama. Life was a drama. Life Was a drama. Yeah. That's why I'm like big Mama slapstick is, eh, it's not, it, it is not challenging. I, yeah, just phoning it in, getting a check, dressing up. It's, it is. But now with this film I have with family business people are like, man, you go acting this. I'm like, it's good. I didn't know you can do drama. Like drama's easy, comedy's hard. So I think I'm, I'm the king of drama. I would say I can do both.


I can do drama, comedy, you know what, Emini here very evenly. How did all of this though, like the stuff that you went through and then once you're healed, like then you come back to acting with like family business. How do, what are you channeling from all of this in your role now? Because I think in this role I was more surprised to see you be like serious, the bad guy. Like not the bad, but like, there's like guns and it's like, like, I don't know, you were just always so clean to me in like a lot of the work that you did. I'm more Energy now. Yeah. Like and so how are you channeling that? Or is that even a thing in the family business New Orleans? You know, you know, it's, it's funny because I'm channeling my father that, that energy that it is really not mine. It's really my dad's energy. 'cause I, I grew up pretty, you know, pretty, pretty cool. You know, I didn't really have, I'm not going to be like, I'm a, I grew up nice, but we also grew up running businesses in Detroit.


The church was over here. The shoe store was called Street. I had to watch shoe store. I had to shine the shoes. I had to watch the register so that I grew up in the family business. I'm channeling that. The white side you see is my West Bloomfield all white neighborhood. I got both, you know what Emini here that's got why my jacket probably look like this. I got, I'm a a variation of things. You know what Emini here, we look forward to seeing you in Carl Weathers the family business. And also when we, when your special come on, come back up so we can talk about that special. I would love to send It to me man. I wanna watch. I am, I'm, I'm listen And I, I'm, it's fine. You can gimme your, your honest opinion. I screened it for a lot of people and and it got it, it got in a lot of festivals and it, my agent said don't put into festivals 'cause we want to present it a certain way. But it, it got a lot of good reviews from a lot of people that watched it.


So I don know. I like Seeing people process their traumas through comedy. Yeah. My next one's classy rebel. I wanna, I wanna talk about The World, man. I'm just tired of these, the viewpoints of politics and all this. I'm thinking I'm like a little political on this next one. I Remember, I remember you said you hate the fake woke. Fake Woke. Oh, I hate the fake woke movement. I hate fake revolutions. Yeah. Like If We don do it, let's do, I I don't like, I don't, I don't do fake. I, 'cause I was ready. I was the only one ready to really ride. That's why I was ready to go, y'all. I created my own currency. I was, we was going and nobody came. I was the only one. He So ready for you. Had You had your own currency? I had a whole, yeah, we had a whole thing. Crypto currency. No, it wasn't crypto.


It, it actually could still work if you do it right. But what Was it? It was called love notes. You remember that? Love notes. Oh, like Usher Bucks. No, no, no. Nah. It's not love Usher Money. Where do you spend them? Well, The infrastructure for it was, it, it wasn't gonna, it actually would stimulate the American economy and our own economy at the same time. So it was more of a coupon system that paid things forward for people. That created an economy. It was called Love notes. It was selfless sacrifice of love notes. You can, you can pay things forward. And it had a little card and everything I got, I got the whole financial system to help the back me and everything. And then, and then nobody Showed up. Showed up. I would pay to listen to a phone conversation between you and Terrance Howard. I know you told Terrence that. Terrance. I got the math for that man.


You Do. I agree It. Brandon T. Jackson Ladies and gentlemen, we appreciate you for joining us. Thank you. Yes sir. It's The Breakfast Club. Good morning. Morning everybody. It's DJ Envy Jess, Hilarious. Charlamagne the guy. We are The Breakfast Club. Let's get to the latest with Lauren. Lauren becoming a straight face. She gets from somebody that knows somebody. Well she gets into details. I'm the home girl that knows a little bit about everything and She be having the latest on the latest with Lauren la Sometimes she had facts, sometimes she have details, sometimes she have a little bit of everything. What was the latest on The Breakfast Club? Talk to me. So I wanted to update, we talked about Diddy's, his team accusing CNN of destroying the original video footage of that 2016 Cassie video.


So they were in court and things are getting started with that. He was in a pretrial hearing and the prosecutors are saying that that is not true. So a judge asked the prosecution if they had the original security video and the assistant United States attorney revealed that the feds have the CNN version, but they also have a recording of the original video video footage. Now Puff's team is still standing on business. They're saying no, well, from what we understand, they do not have the original. All they have is this altered, you know, sped up whatever, whatever. So the judge shot back and came up with the possible solution of like slowing down the video that they're alleging. CNN has to put it in the right sequence. And this judge is urging did these attorneys and federal prosecutors to come to a compromise on it.


Because they're taking too much time arguing over this video that the feds are saying, Hey, we have, can I ask you a real question? Yes. Why does this video matter if that's not what he's being charged with? I think that it matters because the prosecutors are still trying to get it put in as evidence because they wanna use this video to show he's this violent man type of person. Oh, gotcha. Who doesn't care about any consequences. This is what he would do in the intercontinental, a major hotel on camera. And then he allegedly paid to cover it up. Like it would even if it, it would play to that whole thing like, you know, he's this big bad guy who does this. Gotcha. You know, so it's a, it's a big grab for evidence. I can't think of anybody who probably hasn't seen that video. But boy they put a lot of attention on that video this weekend. Yeah. And put people who didn't see it.


They seen it. Now the Light Diddy's team shined on that video this weekend. A hundred percent With this foolishness. It's gonna be hard to find jurors that haven't seen it, in my opinion. So yeah. So that's the update there. And we'll keep you posted 'cause things are about to get moving, I believe soon. So switching gears, Clarissa Shield. So you guys remember there was a story that broke that Clarissa had been suspended because she was supposedly smoking marijuana. Yep. Well the suspension has been lifted. She tweeted and said, or she wrote on X and said officially un suspended. But y'all a little quiet. Y'all was real loud about me supposedly smoking marijuana and being suspended. No worries. And still and undisputed heavyweight champ. I have the order to prove it about to go live on Instagram right now.


So she wanted to let that be known. There are, go ahead. Somebody said Something. I was gonna say happy birthday too. Today's a birthday too. Happy Birthday today. I thought she was okay. Envy keeping up like Pat po. Ow. Hey yo don't Very young. I'm So confused what this Happened. I don, I thought she was celebrating. She had a party in Atlanta, right? I have no idea. Seen, yeah, I saw something online. She had like a, I think it was like a throwback party in Atlanta or something like that. Mm. But USA today is saying that she still faces possible enforcement action in Michigan. Even though the suspension was dissolved Friday. And now this is according to that same order that she's saying she was issued by the Michigan Unarmed Combat Commission, which reg regulates boxing.


But I guess it's based on the sports you play. I'm, I'm sure that's the sports rules, but Emini here, damn weed is legal in Michigan for recreational and medical talk about it. What if she's smoking it for medical reasons, But in any sports it's not allowed. And we seen that with track stars. We've seen Olympics N-B-A-N-B oh NBA does loosened up their restrictions. I think NFL as well. And then, to be honest with you, Emini here, I don't know if it's the same weed that I smoke, but I'm not trying to smoke and box like yo that, like do you that would, that don't slow you down. I be there dying laughing like, you know, what are we doing? Like why are we doing this? You know what I'm saying? Like why Are we doing this? Why are we, she doesn't smoke though. It was something that caused her to test Positive. Yeah, also, yeah, I was gonna say, and she doubles down on like, she has nothing to do with any marijuana whatsoever.


But I'm gonna, she did come out and say like what the, Like why she tested positive for Yeah. And so was it, what was positive like THC level or what was that? Like the terpenes? Like what, what was Yeah I don't even, what is a terpene? So Those are the different like percentage like in weed, like it is different terpenes. So terpenes is what it is. It's like huh? Like what makes it sativa And it is different levels. What makes it indica and sativa makes it a hybrid. One gives you energy. The other one. Oh okay. M I'm saying So certain things I don't, I'm gonna get the specifics on that 'cause I don't really know all of that. But I will get it. 'cause I remember she talked to Tamara Hall about this as well Too.


So you And I thought I read something about it. If, if she was around somebody or a place that was smokey, it could have been in her hair or something that she was, but then when she did it where they actually took it out her system, it showed that it was not there at all. So yeah, Because originally the reports are that she denied using marijuana and said that the test only showed trace amounts. So, okay. I don't, I don know if that comes from her being around somebody or not, but Saying I'm not an expert trace Marijuana. It can Be. I'm gonna get some more. I'm gonna come back to that. But I just wanna make sure that we put that out there because they were really loud about my girl being taken out. But they never Apologize when something is proven wrong. Like when they're proven wrong. Nobody ever apologize. It's crazy. Well we're here and we we gonna do it for her. Not apologize, but we gonna make sure that people know what's happening.


No, I know. I'm just saying they don't never apologize when you know when things are proven to be wrong. Well we gotta wrap it up. I can't go to the next one. Right. Got One more quickly. 'cause this is a Quick one. It's not well it's not quick though. I Hold it. Hold it Lord. Yeah. I'm gonna hold it until the next hour. 'cause this is from Angie Stone's funeral. Remember? Oh yeah, that happened over the weekend. Tyler Perry took some time to, I think he did what, what needs to be done? You talk about people be loud about the wrong stuff. He got loud about some money that is owed to Angie Stone, which she actually talked about before her passing too. So we are gonna, you know, get into all of that as well. Alright, Well thank you. The latest with Lauren Charlamagne. Who you giving that down too Man? Let's talk Dooo and Diamonds man. Okay, we need Jason, Gil, Houston, Texas to come to the front of congregation.


We like to have a word with him. Alright, We'll get to that. Next is The Breakfast Club. Good morning, You are out The Breakfast Club Donkey of the Today maybe Bam, the Heehaw. It's time for Donkey of the Today Hook. I ain't trying to be donkey today no more. They should be embarrassed by what they already did. I didn't. I'm not making these people do these things. They Called Donkey of the Day and it really caught me off guard. Damn Charlamagne who got the donkey today? Today, Well Donkey today for Monday March 17th goes to 3-year-old Jason Gilder of Houston, Texas. Now full disclosure, this story happened a couple of weeks ago, but the reason I'm bringing this up now is because I need an update.


Okay? I need to know what happened to these $769,000 earrings that Jay allegedly robbed from Tiffany and Company Jewelry. Now let the record show this story happened in Florida, Orlando, to be exact, but since Jay isn't from Florida, I'm not gonna put this on y'all Sunshine State, but just know Jay was down there for just a little while and he participated in some Florida foolishness. Okay? Now according to an arrest affidavit reviewed by CBS News, Jay presented Jason Pretended to represent a professional basketball player. He went in there cosplaying his rich Paul, and he told staff that his name was Sean and he was negotiating a sale on behalf of a player on the Orlando Magic basketball team.


By the way, he picked the right team because I guarantee you people in Orlando can't name more than one player on the magic. Okay? I know Apollo Ero better not say his name too loud because Trump will try to have him deported. I know Contavious Caldwell Pope, but that's because he played for the Lakers and Nuggets and won rings for both. I believe Cole Anthony plays for the magic and the white dude who's been winning the dunk contest the last few years, he's on the magic this year too. But he don't count because they just stick him on the roster so he can participate in the dunk contest. He not all the way on the team. He on the team. Like a little bit. A little bit. Just when it's around All Star weekend. There you go. Yes. So if you're gonna say you represent a player on an NBA team, the magic is a safe bet. Okay? It won't be too many questions asked. Where did the story go from there though?


Well, let's go to Fox 35 Orlando for the report, please. Here is the x-ray. You're looking at just over 13 carats of diamonds inside Jason Gilder's stomach. That's almost $800,000. Video shows the 3-year-old checking out the Tiffany and code jewels at the mall of millennia Wednesday before snatching two pairs of earrings and booking it. This employee was reportedly injured trying to stop him from leaving the store. OPD says he made it to a car and was headed for Texas when FHP arrested him in Washington County. That's when troopers say he swallowed the stolen goods from swipes to smash and grabs.


Records show Gilder has been arrested multiple times for theft rings to Rolexes the target. Always expensive jewelry. This man really tried to turn himself into a human safe deposit box. Okay Jason, this isn't what the kids have in mind when they say you ate that. Okay, this man swallowed a pair of $769,000 earrings. Look, I don't understand why people go this hard pretending. Okay? If you're gonna go outta your way to pretend to be someone who represents an NBA player, come up with this elaborate scheme. Know where you're going, know what you're gonna say when you get there. If you can do all of that, then you can go fill out a job application, okay? You can come up with a business plan, as I've said to you all a million times.


There is no right way to do the wrong thing. And if you can spend time and energy on doing something wrong, then you can spend time and energy on doing something right? It's that simple for me, okay? It is one thing to just be a lazy bum with no drive, but it's another to have the drive. But, but spend that time doing something dumb. Now, the reason I'm bringing this story up again is because I need to know how it ended. Okay? Yeah, yeah. I, I know he was charged with grand theft in the first degree and robbery with a mask. I know he was charged in a near identical robbery from a Tiffany and company store back in 2022. I know he's being held on 48 separate failure to appear warrants. But how did this story end?


See wise elders in my life have told me in regards to trouble, this two shall pass. And that applies to your bowels as well. Okay? See, there is no such thing as a successful crime when your escape plan involves digestion. When a man turns himself into a walking, talking treasure chest by swallowing over $700,000 in jewelry, you just have to wait for nature to take his course. And I got questions. Who was the detective assigned to this case that had to wait to collective evidence? Do the earrings go back to Tiffany's and can you completely wash fecal matter off diamonds? If I see those diamonds in the case and say those diamonds are the sh, guess what? Whether I know it or not, Emini here, that literally, okay, digging through this man's fess to collect this evidence is the worst tresa hunt ever.


Will these diamonds cut this man's bunkie when he poops them out? Will Tiffany's get their merchandise back and label it lightly used in prison? Will his nickname be little jewelry box or bling bling? But, and if he doesn't tell other inmates those diamonds not in him anymore, how many inmates gonna want to go on a treasure hunt of their own as if they need another reason to get in your ass in jail? I have so many questions that need answers And I will be here patiently waiting on updates. In the meantime, please give Jason Gilder the sweet sounds of the Hamiltons You doggie of the day.


Haw. It's never that serious. But I do have questions. Update me please. Well, I don't know if you realize, but people can swallow a lot of things and it actually poops out. I know This in my, in in, in my book, real life, real love. We talk about the time my daughter ate a penny And I had to do the same thing she had, she pooped out like nine. You know, she pooped. So every time you poop you gotta go through the pamper. And I had to go through the each pamper to see if I found that penny. But that's your daughter. And after the 11th time, I found that penny. But when I called the doctor to see if she would've actually pass it, they were like, yeah, people pass all types of stuff. Like people have passed nails, people have passed dollars, people have passed coins, people have passed diamonds. But that's your daughter who swallowed a penny, I'm sure by accident.


This is a grown ass man who went to go swallow diamonds on purpose. You Wouldn't, you wouldn't fish it out. I got questions. I want to know how this, I wanna know how it ended. There's more to the story. I out $700,000. I'm saying hundred thousand. Yeah. Alright. I fish It out surgeon that day. Hmm. And if it ain't coming out, we gonna open his stomach. What's up? Well, I don't know if you could open it up. Well I guess you can. You Know what I'm saying? It'd probably be easier to let it come out the butt than to go in the stomach. Nah, let it out The butt. Yeah, it probably give him all types of laxatives and just let it, you Just wait there by the hole. Would you wait by the hole? Well you can't, you can't go on the toilet. You gotta, you gotta, yeah, you Gotta wait by the hole. Would you I'm, I'm saying would you, I'm asking a simple question. Legs up. Would you wait by the hole? No, I wouldn't wait by the hole. You wouldn.


What? Well, if I had to get the 700,000, you Wait by the hole. What position? You Had your legs up. Spread 'em. Let's Get it. Damn, I'm out. I don't wanna say it. Throw the Goggles and put a hazmat suit. Come on. I it You gonna Catch it? What? Talking about that's the hundred thousand now would you No, I'm doing okay in life. I'm doing great actually you're doing great as well. Not, I'm doing great as well. I don I'm gonna still make sure I get that down. I don't care who is in, I'm cool. Alright, Well thank you for that. Yeah. Okay. Alright, Well thank you for that donkey of the day. Let's open up the phone lines (800) 585-1051.


Do you


The World is constantly changing. It's up to you to decide how to respond. Choose to be bold to try something new. Choose to reinvent yourself. That's what Nissan did with the all new totally kicks the dynamic. New exterior styling immediately announces that Nissan isn't messing around the interior. A completely redesigned cabin with premium features like wireless Apple call play and a panoramic moonroof make driving a kicks immersive and exciting. And with new performance and safety features like intelligent all-wheel drive, the kicks is both fun and safer to drive than ever before. It is the dawning of a brand new era for the Nissan Kicks. Only one question remains. Is it a new error for you as well? Drive the all new Reimagined Nissan Kicks today. Available Features compatible device service and consumer activation of Nissan Connect Services. Package required use only when safe and legal subject to third party service availability For more information, see Nissan usa.com/connect/legal. Apple CarPlay is a trademark of AppleLink Intelligent all-wheel drive cannot prevent collisions or provide enhanced traction in all conditions. Always monitor traffic and weather conditions.


Hey fam, if you're like me, you are thinking about how to level up in your career. Maybe you're fresh out of college, just starting in your field or even looking to switch things up and find your true calling. Whatever stage you're in, remember that this is your time to grow, to learn, and to build something that lasts. State Farm understands that early career development is key to long-term success. They've been a steady presence in our communities and they know that having the right support early on can make all the difference. State Farm is there to help you make smart moves and to help you get the coverage you need. We all know that the journey to success is a marathon, not a sprint. Is about staying focused, staying grounded, and making sure you're protected every step of the way. Let's build our careers with confidence knowing that State Farm is there to support us just like they've always been because like a good neighbor, a State Farm is there. Find out more at State Farm dot com.


Before we get back to it, I wanna take a second for our sponsor. Stand up to all the hate now. You know, we joke, we debate, we even push buttons sometimes, but spreading the hate, that's never the right move. There's a difference between keeping it real and just being reckless. Let's do better respect each other and leave the hate out of it. There's no reason to hate even in my household. I have six kids And I don't let my children use the word hate. There's no reason to hate on anybody. It's always better to uplift, empower, and make sure that we support. So join us at The Breakfast Club and standing up to all hate. If you see someone getting hate, speak up and call it out. Your voice is one of the most powerful tools there is in this fight. And you can learn more by following at what's up with hate.


Or show your support by posting the blue square emoji and using the hashtag Stand Up To All Hate on Instagram and TikTok.


This is Jenny Garth from I Do Part Two. If you could lose 10.4 pounds in one month, would you try with future health? You can. Future Health gives millions access to affordable weight loss meds for less than three bucks a day. Find out if weight loss meds are right for you in just three minutes@tryfh.com. Try fh.com. Results vary based on start weight and adherence to diet, exercise and program goals. Data based on independent study sponsored by Future Health. Future Health is not a healthcare services provider. Meds are prescribed at provider's discretion.


Need to ask a significant other for permission before changing something about your appearance. Now this conversation comes if you haven't seen just lately, just has the short do Period. Period. Did you have to have a conversation with your man about that? Chris? Did you and Chris have to have the conversation? Emini Here? I absolutely told him I was cutting my hair. Yeah, IIII told him, but he's never been with me when my hair was short or whatever. So I showed him like, this is how I look my hair short. And I, I wanna get it shorter because I, I plan to cut my real hair, but I'm going to get this wig just to see, you know how you like it. He loves it. Okay. Loves it. Loves the Tony Brexton. Like what's Good now, now the switch size. Now if he wants to change something on himself, does he have to have a conversation with you?


Crazy. Absolutely. But I remember he didn't, in the beginning of our, of our relationship, this man cut his mustache off and didn't tell me. And I just walked in And I was like, yo, what is going on? And you're never gonna be able to beat the allegations that you're not Brittany grinding. What are We doing? Jesus Christ. I swear yo, he cut his mustache off. I'm like, yo, please. I love facial hair. So I'm like, come on man. 805 8 5 1 0 5 1. Do you need to ask your certificate other for permission before changing something about your appearance? Let's open up the phone lines. It's The Breakfast Club. Good morning. The Breakfast Club. It's topic time.


Call 8 5 8 5 1 0 5 1 to join into the discussion with The Breakfast Club. Morning everybody. It's DJ Envy. Jess Hilarious. Charlamagne the guy. We are The Breakfast Club. Now if you're just joining us, we're asking 805 8 5 1 0 5 1. Do you need to ask your significant other for permission before changing something about your appearance? Now we asked Justice Jess came in with short hair And I was wondering, did you have a conversation with your man first? And you said absolutely positively. Absolutely. Did you know? 'cause I just feel like something like this, this is a big, this is the, the big chop, although it's not my real hair, it is still like going from long hair to short hair. That's, that's the drastic difference. So you wanna definitely put your, if you're not asking if it's okay asking for permission or whatever, you still put it in the ear like, yo, look this was this what I'm gonna be doing.


So what would, If he said, no, he don't want you to do that if you don't like it. I'd have found on something else, Emini here, I I look good in any style, so, okay, Chop That up. Yeah, I'd have found something else for sure, but he would've had to eventually see me with my short hair 'cause Yeah, that, that's something that I like. I, it's sexy on me and yeah, it, it gives very much so. Yeah, but ain't have no problem with It. Yeah, no, I'm just saying when me and my wife, we have those conversations. If I want to cut my hair or do something crazy or when I grow a bedard, yeah, she wanna know. She wanna see how it would look. So yeah, abso I do it for her so I want her to be happy with It. You can't come in the house with no hair on your face. Envy. No, no, don't do that. Got you. Cut It all, all design. I ain't gonna come here with a black eye the next day. Like Uhuh. Now Emini here.


Do we ask Charmin? 'cause he ain't got no hair, but Charmin Emini here, I don't know if permission is the right word, but I think what we want from our significant other is approval. We want to know if they will like it. You know what Emini here, but whatever you do to your appearance, you're doing for you and you're doing it because you know you want the person who finds you more attractive, Emini here finds you attractive to find you even more attractive. So yes, I I would ask my wife what, what she thinks if I'm about to make a decision about something appearance wise. Hello. Who's this Year? Envy. You know the vibe is Mellow. Mellow. What's up? Mellow Life Is amazing. It is what should be ll Cool Bay. Just hilarious. Uncle Charlotte, how y'all feeling this morning? Peace, Meow. Peace. Peace, peace. Talk to us. What's your thoughts, Miller? I'm not even gonna hold you. This is gonna come as a shock. You know what Emini here, but respectfully, I'm not gonna hold you.


I'm gonna consult my girl before I do anything because respectfully, there's very few things that my girl can do that's gonna make her look ugly. Right? But I'm not gonna hold you if I shaved this beard, she gonna love me for my personality. Word. Damn well how long you, how long you had a beard, Melo? Nah, we've been, we spend 11 months. It's about to be a year next month. I'm not even gonna Hold you. Oh, y'all new? Okay. All right. So she don't know you without the beard? Yeah. Emini here. Nah. Yeah, nah, she Emini here. She's seen pictures. I don't think they that bad, but you know, Emini here. I'm a little medium ugly. Maybe a little medium. Well, it is what it is. I take Accountability. But you know who you are so that, that's also sexy too. Like you already know what's up, what you can and can't do. Yo, Jess, you better stop flirting me on the Guy.


Oh my God. A lady right Now. I'm just telling you my Like stop it. You dropped the voice on me. Like come on now, Stop. Oh my God, I'm glad you know you look ugly without a bid. My whole up. Ah, Mellow goodbye. Some people would look straight crazy without a bid. Like can you imagine James Harden without a bid? No. No, you can't. He still look like he drowning in his beard though. I hate when it start like above the nose. Above The nose. Yeah. He probably ain't got no choice. Too much. That's too Much. You pray if you take, if you shake that baby, you like please put a mask on. Mm. Hello, who's this? This is Jody. Hey, good morning mama. I'm Charity. Good morning. Now we're talking 805 8 5 1 0 5 1. Do you talk to your significant other before you change your parents?


I think it's a conversation that you should have. If it's like a change that you've had while you were with them, I think it's all right. But if it's a big change, I think you do need to have that conversation. I don't think it's like a it, it shouldn't be like that. You have to have their approval, but I think it should be a conversation. Okay. Thank you mama. Let's good. You're welcome. Hello. Who's this? Hi. Good morning, it's Lynn. Hey Lynn. Good morning. Good morning. Good morning everyone. It's so nice to be on the radio with you guys. Aw, thank you. Thank you. We're asking about permission. Do you ask your significant others' permission before you change an appearance? Something about yourself here, whatever Emini here.


I don't think I wanna actual permission. I do think that if I have the conversation, see what their opinion is, hear their opinion, but hopeful I think my oxygen. But it would just be nice to hear what you have to Say. Okay. Well thank you mama. Thank you. Thank you. Have a great Day. You too now. Thanks. Cool. 805 8 5 1 0 5 1. Do you need to ask a significant other for permission before changing something about your parents? Call us up right now as The Breakfast Club. Good morning. If y'all talking about it, you know, we talking about it, it's topic time. Call 805 8 5 1 0 5 1 to join into the discussion with The Breakfast Club.


Morning everybody. It's dj nv, Jess, Hilarious. Charlamagne the guy. We are The Breakfast Club. If he's just joining us, we're asking do you need to ask your significant other for permission before changing something about your appearance. I do wonder if his permission, or is it approval? It's more approval. Yeah, it's more approval. You more saying you not asking permission. 'cause you going to probably do what you want to do anyway. If she gives you the approval off, he gives you the, you just want them to see what they think about, Not necessarily, they're like, if you have a beard and, and you wanna cut your bed and your wife goes, no, your Wife like, nah, you, you know, you look ugly with a beard. You like, damn. In some cases it is permission because Yeah, like when Chris cut his mustache and didn't tell me you put It on timeout. What?


Yes. I'm like, no. What, what is happening? No, I I I love facial hair, so No, please never do that again. Damn. Like, and he was like, all right, that's cool. I got you. But I, I ain't wanna, I wanted to start fresh like I wanted to. I'm, yeah. Start fresh before me. Damn. Don't. No, don't do that. So, yeah. Hello. Who's this? This is Dolly from Brooklyn. What's up Dolly? Good morning. Good morning. Happy Monday. Happy Monday. We're asking do you need to ask your significant other for approval before changing something about your parents. If you're in a marriage, then I say you can, you can consider their like feelings about it. However, it is your body, it's your hair, whatever.


Like you can do what you want. Like I'm going to hear you out and hear how you feel about it. But at the end of the day, I'm gonna do what I wanna do for myself. Hmm. Okay. Okay. With that said, what if I don't like it, Then that's your business. Pay for it. Pay for me to change it. She sound like somebody if You want the but a little bigger pay for it to get bigger. Nah. See, ain't nobody doing all that. See how you go from here to BBLs? Then you get what you get And you don't get upset. You got a Boyfriend? I have a husband. Oh, You got a husband. Congratulations. How miserable is he? You stupid. Thank you. Thank you mama. Stupid. Hello? Who's this? This is Missy Ani Garland. Hey Missy. Now we're asking if you wanna change something about your parents.


Do you let your significant other know? Okay. Would I let him know? Yes. Am I asking for permission? No, but I would take his thought into consideration and if it's something that I really want to do, then, so if you want, I think I should be able to do it. So if you wanted to get a boldy, let's say you just wanted to shave it all off, you wouldn't told you just gonna do it regardless. Okay. So you asking the wrong person that question? 'cause I wear a low boy, boy boycott already. Oh my, my Bad. And I, I had that too. Damn. You had a Baldy? I I had a, A one. Well, I had it. My head cut real low. Thank you. So Yeah, sometimes I wear a bald head and it's blonde And I compliment, so sometimes I throw a wig on it.


That's right. You know, it's part of the accessory. You know how I feel and what works with the outfit. Okay. So you, you, you just, You gotta have the perfect head for it. And I have the perfect head for that. So you Had a Caesar, the Amber Rose, like was she got, what made you get A caar? You just like, I don't wanna try it. I Just wanted to, I wanted to get it. I had, this was when I was Rome And I was pregnant too. And I had it And I still was cold on them. I had the booy fade. I used to play with the colors with it, like all that had the waves when it grow back. And I had the waves popping like yeah, I had every So you did the waves with the durag and all that and you like What? Yes, I used to have, yeah, bow asked me the wave, one of his durags, like when he first came out with it, he was like, yo, be my ambassador. I'm like, nah, it was all men. For real.


But what's the moral of the story? Consult With your partner. There you go. You know, it is what it is. And maybe it's not permission for everyone, but sometimes that's what it gives too. Gives permission. But it definitely gives approval. Like you want the approval of the person that you love. There You go. You all right? Well we got the latest with Lauren coming up. We talking about me. Gary Owen took a little shot at me. So you took A shot at him first? I actually did itt and that's your problem. Okay. So we gonna talk about it. You like white guys? What happened? What I was, I got Do I gotta, I think I gotta say yet. No, I don't like white. It's a whole thing, Jesse. All right, we We'll get into it. I Don't like white guys though. Oh my God. Oh my god. Gary Owen. Alright, we'll get into that. Next. It's The Breakfast Club. Good morning. The Breakfast Club Morning everybody.


It's DJ nv Jess. Hilarious. Charlamagne the guy. We are The Breakfast Club. Let's get to the latest with Lauren. Lauren Becoming a free fish. She gets them from somebody that knows somebody. Well she gets into details. I'm the home girl that knows a little bit about everything And she be having the latest on Lord the latest with Lauren la. Sometimes she have facts, sometimes she have details. Sometimes she have a little bit of everything. Well It's the On The Breakfast Club. Talk to me. Alrighty guys. So Gary Owen over the weekend posted a video. He was upset about a quick comment that I made up here. You threw a Shot at, had smoke for you? Yes. He had smoke for you Lauren.


Smoke or snow. Damn. Need more shots. More shots. That was more to you. Not to him. To you. Because you trying to be funny right now. Now don't Offend Me and it, let's take a listen to what Gary had to say. They brought up the Kendrick Lamar thing. I'm listening to it. And all of a sudden the girl that fills in for just hilarious, they said, you know, Kendrick has never really said who he's talking about. Andrew's like, how do we even know Kendrick was talking about me? And Andrew was like his Kendrick's fans were really coming at him. And when Kendrick said, you know, run up on your ops, Andrew was like, in his mind, Kendrick gave the okay to run up on Andrew and his family now Envy Charlamagne. And Schultz was like, we don't even know who Kendrick was talking about.


He could have been talking about Gary Owen. And literally the girl goes, ain't nobody checking for Gary Owen. Wow. I tell you this girl, And I can't remember her name. I don't know what her issue is with me is, and I'm like, well I just did 12 shows in Baltimore. Somebody check it for me. In her mind, I'm not a real celeb. I bet you in her mind, if she was booking the show, she wouldn't have me on. That's deep down. She don't like me. Wow, you did throw a shot at him first. That is true. That was a nasty shot. Gabriel ain't do nothing back. You have said why he on the schedule. I've seen that before. I heard it live. And you, when you worked at tmv, y'all never wanted to see camera before. That is not, I heard that too. I heard that too. Because you gonna make him go live on Instagram and be upset about nothing. I'm just telling you, we, we should, let's take a listen, let's take a listen to what I actually said about Gary.


I don, we know he wasn't talking about Gary Owens. That's, that's a Good point. Ain't nobody, we Don't know worse than what Gary said. Wow. Wow. I wonder, wow. Whatcha talking statement. You didn't even get to finish the statement Exactly. Because y'all did exactly what y'all doing right now. Sensationalizing. And it worked 'cause he got in his feelings and he basically tried to say, I don't even think he's a real celebrity. You threw a Shot in For no reason and all this stuff. First of all, I have no issue with Gary Oland whatsoever. None. I actually enjoy him. I think he's been famous my whole life. Like of course you're a celebrity now. I don't know. Broken Family is on YouTube. Y'all should go watch it. I'ma just throw it that out to Broken. Huh? What's Broken Family?


Damn Jesse. Damn Not here you go with shots. What is it? Broken? Broken Family is Is his Special. It's his special that he was up here promoting, which is his. He, he got upset because He loves black women too. Wow. Yeah, he does loves. Yeah. He got upset. He got upset because when he was here promoting his special, I asked him about his divorce. Hmm. Which the special was about. And he had talked about on Shannon Sharp and you know, a bunch of other places. So he Was offended there. A lot of rumors swirling while as to why you hate Gary. Why is that? Well so let's Just say you're really good friends with Gary's ex-wife. Is that true? I don't know. I'm just giving you a chance to clear up that True. No, I'm not friends with her. What else You heard? So let's Just say Lauren hates anyone who loves interracial relationships because every time you break up with a man, he settles down with a white woman.


I don't know if this is true asking. I'm like one for two on that. Oh what? Okay. Okay. So that's half, half true. That that Emini here. That has happened in else My past else heard. What else you heard? The only other thing I heard is that Lauren hates all Gary's because your father's name is Gary. Oh his name. Oh, your father Name Gary. My dad name is Edward. Edward Gary. Gary. I Yo, any truth, I Don Any of this. No issue with Gary Owens whatsoever. Or Gary's or white comedians. Y'all could do whatever y'all wanna do. Okay. But I'm gonna do my job. You threw a shot at him. I didn't throw a shot unnecessary. I asked questions that I think rubbed him the wrong way and he didn't. I was actually joking with him when he was up here. I thought it was funny but obviously he didn't think it was funny. No, We was talking about when Andrew Schultz was saying you threw a shot at him.


At him. That wasn't a shot. That was me telling the truth at the time. We all knew what Kendrick Lamar was talking about that I can't say the word but the Giggles podcast that Schultz was sitting down with those jokes that Schultz had made. Those were everywhere. People were waiting for a response from him and all of that. And you Say Gary jokes on Be Everywhere is what you're saying. Wow. Is that what you're saying? Poor Gary. I'm just asking what you're saying Lauren. I'm trying to help you clear this up and you're not helping. What I'm saying is that I said what I said And I didn't mean anything like how he took it. Got you. You know, and he said that he's actually gonna come up here and have a conversation. He commented on the post and he said, see this is what I'm talking about. Two adults having a respectful disagreement.


So he still disagrees. He still think I threw a shot. You did. Different point of views is what you have or what or what have you. No name calling respectfully Lauren, I will never forget your name again because he kept calling me The girl looking forward to discussing you this next time on The Breakfast Club. 'cause I let him know I would be here because when he met me I was filling in for Jess. Love my sis. And now I'm here. I'm the senior news producer. So I'll be here Gary, we'll talk about it. I have no issue with you period whatsoever. Now these two guys in the room, I don't know what y'all trying to give. We Didn't throw the shot. You did. Exactly. Why Accountability, Lauren. I Take accountability where it needs to be And I don't, I didn't do anything but I open to hearing because maybe he interpreted things a different way. So, but Gary Owen knew Kendrick wasn't talking about him. I think he, he Emini here.


You know that We all at The World knew he That because he's never taken any shots at black women. Like he's never done Emini here. You date them, you marry them, you put babies in them for God sakes. Like he's not talking about he we knew he wasn't talking about you There any rebuttal from the peanut gallery? Oh no, they ain't gonna have no rebuttal for me. I think Everybody just creating content. I don't think Gary really cares. I think he's just creating content. Great. Well make sure you guys go check out Family Purpose. I don't think if it was a show she wouldn't book me. Nah, I think me, I think All that True. No, all of that is true. I think he's, all of that is true. That is not true. I've seen you look at the schedule and be like Harry Owens and then you told me to think about how TMZ, we gotta, we gotta go. So Always wanted him to put cameras out there but they never wanted to go.


We have some more news that I get to, where's going? Yeah, he, he likes you. We have some more news. We need to get to Angie Stone. Sorry to switch the gears, but Tyler Perry was, you know, he did his big one at her funeral and he spoke up for some things that he needed to, And I wanna make sure we get this in. Let's take a listen to Tyler Perry. You doing a eulogy at Angie Stone's funeral over the weekend. I want to go down the street of those promoters and record labels and people not paying folks. Y'all gotta forgive me because I'm angry at the way she was treated. I did not know all the things that she was going through recently. I found out I'm not on Instagram, I'm not being hooked and manipulated by an algorithm telling me what to think and how to feel.


So I don't see everything. But to think that this woman was in the business for all of these years and there's a difference between performing because you want to and performing because you have to. All of those years, all of those songs, all of that money that was owed to her. Where is it? It's wrong. And I'm tired of seeing a struggle and go through things and work hard and not reap the benefits of what we were supposed to reap. Damn. Yeah. Slut. The Tyler Perry man. Absolutely. I wanna include Month Vital Perry. What he's referring to is Angie Stone actually. So in January she had posted a video to her Instagram and she January 2nd, she was talking about how she just found out that a lot of her royalties and stuff weren't registered the right way.


So she has not been getting money for them and that the other royalties that she should be receiving, universal Music Group allegedly has been collecting them for her. So she was asking, where is my money? Where is the money? Yeah. So he was like, you know, she's not here anymore but I'm gonna ask where is her money Now there is speculation that I have not confirmed, but you know, I'm going to try and figure this out that Tyler Perry may be helping or working with her family to try and recover the things or do whatever needs to be done to make sure that her kids and her grandkids can reap the benefits of her hard work that she's put Inside. She deserves some money. Absolutely. Positively. I will say though, whenever Tyler gets mad, I just expect my dear to start shooting. I'm just listening to him like, please Tyler, don't shoot up the church right now. I just, I just expect my dear just to pop out and just start spraying it. Everybody what he Said about that algorithm And I was a whole word Ain.


Whole Word they said they don't be on there. My is Madea. Huh? Madea. Madea. What'd I Say? Maia Madia. S that. That's my dear Spanish cousin. Oh my goodness. She got reported. That was the latest with Lauren. Now when we come back, we got the People's Choice Mixes The Breakfast Club. Good morning, You are checking out The Breakfast Club Morning everybody. It's DJ Envy. Just hilarious. Charlamagne the guy. We are The Breakfast Club. I just wanna salute again to all the dance dads and chair dads and all the parents out there. We had another competition this weekend. I wanna salute to London and my daughter, Brooklyn London, she was first place in her trio and Brooklyn came in first and second.


She had to perform two solos and both of her solos won first and second. So we had a great time this weekend. Salute to all the parents that show so much love, man. They show so much love to my kids man, I just wanna say thank you so much. My kids appreciate it And I appreciate it. I had a great time. Yeah, We was in Rhode Island all weekend for cheer competition. Man. I ate like a mother Fing Rhode Island. Rhode Island is one of them sneaky cities that got some good ass places to eat that right. You know what Emini here? The West African restaurants in Rhode Island. Yeah. Oh my God. Wow. Yeah, I had, I ate too much. Too much Joe Loft. Too much red snapper. Too much peanut soup. Too much fufu. Too much. Too much. Yes. But slew to everybody in Rhode Island that I saw this weekend at the Cheer Eating Competition. Yeah. I went to a place called Deltas, which was, it was kinda like a, I just went to get some food.


They had oxtail. Oxtail and grits. It was 40 plus. So when I went in there, they had a live band playing like Isaac K's Temptations. I was rocking. It was lit. It was lit. It was lit and it was good 'cause it closed early. 'cause you know it, it's older people so they gotta get outta there early. It was, it was pretty good. It was my thing. Oh, go ahead. Now I'm gonna say, how was Atlanta this weekend? Atlanta. I wasn't in Atlanta this weekend. I was in Atlanta last week and this weekend I was in Milwaukee and Chicago. So I was in the Midwest with Martin Lawrence. We had shows there. It was amazing. Milwaukee is a big comedy market. Had no Idea. Yes. Love Milwaukee. And Then also Breakfast Club is the, Milwaukee was the first city. The Breakfast Club played on something that Yeah, first City up the Synica. Yeah man. Yeah, they they actually had told me that.


Yeah, yeah, yeah. In Milwaukee. So yeah, they, they're, they were very excited that I came and opened up the show for Martin. So that was amazing. This weekend. However, I am in Cincinnati, Ohio. Are we in the station today? Yeah, yeah. Yep. Okay. Yep. So sense. Get your tickets just official.com. I'll be at the Funny Bone. We got two shows this Friday. Me and Desi Alexander and then we got two shows on Saturday. I have been doing meet and Greet Y'all. When I ain't got wake up for radio in the morning, I'm gonna do meet and greet. So I'll be doing meet and greet this weekend in Cincinnati after the late shows. Get your tickets right now. Alright, well when we come back, we got the positive notice The Breakfast Club. Good morning. Morning everybody. It's DJ Envy. Jess. Hilarious. Charlamagne the guy. We are The Breakfast Club.


It's time to get up outta here. Charm. You got a positive note? I Do. But before I do the positive note, I just wanna thank everybody for getting their tickets to the third annual Black Effect Podcast Festival happening Saturday, April 26th in Atlanta, Georgia. Man, some of your favorite podcasts gonna be on that stage. The Good Moms Bad Choices Podcast, naked podcast with Carrie Champion Tank and Jay Valentine will be there doing their RB Money podcast live. And Sarah Jakes Roberts will be doing The Woman Evolve podcast live and it's all hosted by Mandy and Weezy from Decisions Decisions. So make sure you get your tickets black effect.com/podcast Festival today. Now the positive notice simply this, how you treat people is a mirror of your inner state of happiness.


Okay? Happiness radiates positivity while unresolved. Pain manifests as negativity. When you're truly happy in real life, there's no need to be mean, negative or nasty to others. How you treat people is a direct reflection of how life is treating you Have a great day Breakfast Club bitches. Y'all finish or y'all Done,


your stomach is a mess and you feel lousy. Something is just off, but you don't know what. Yeah, we get it. You've tried every fad diet and supplement under the sun and none of it worked. Here's the truth. Your gut's a mess and your body is letting you know you're just too busy and you ignore the signs making it worse. Viome gets straight to the point. Analyzing your gut microbiome to give you a personalized health plan that actually works. Your gut is how your body processes everything that you consume. Stop ignoring the signs. It's time to do something real. Get ome and fix your gut. Now. Dial star, star gut to get $110 off any test that star, star 4 8 8 to receive a link to the offer.


Hey everybody, it's your favorite play cousin Junior from the Steve Harvey Morning Show. You know, the Toyota Tundra and to Tacoma are designed to outlast and outlive, backed by Toyota's legendary reputation for reliability. So get in a tundra. With available I force Max Hybrid engine, delivering exceptional torque and towing capacity. Or check out a Tacoma with available off-road features like crawl control. It can take you beyond the trails. Toyota trucks are built to last year after year, mile after mile. So don't wait. Get yours today. Visit buy a toyota.com for deals and more. Toyota, let's go places.


Experience vibrant senior living with award-winning services at BrightView, senior Living Communities. At BrightView, our residents enjoy resort style amenities, daily programs, exciting social and cultural events, and delicious chef prepared meals. But that's not all BrightView. Residents also enjoy complimentary transportation, safety, security, and high quality care if needed. BrightView Senior Living Communities. Learn more about the possibilities@brightviewseniorliving.com.


Give your kids a summer full of fun and learning. Give them ID tech. ID Tech Camps are all about high energy, fun, meeting new friends and our top by elite instructors. Located at 75 prestigious college campuses all across the country. ID Tech features over 50 epic courses like Battle bots, AI and machine learning, coding, game design, and more. There's something for every kid, ages seven to 17 at ID tech. Sign up@idtech.com and use code ID tech to save $150 on a week of a lifetime.