
Hey, it's me, Tyler Bose, open. Earbuds are stylish. The color, it looks almost like a earring. I feel like it could go with anything. The music I'm making right now feels like a holiday. I wanna look like it too. Eh, check out boz.com for more.


You could sit there and listen to ads, or you could take a moment to have a Diet Coke break. First, grab a chilled diet Coke. 'cause if you want it to be perfect, it needs to be crispy. Next, get a big cup of ice. 'cause everyone knows Diet Coke is best served swimming and ice. Then sip it slowly. Feel that burn and enjoy your break for as long as possible. When you need a break, don't forget to grab an ice cold Diet Coke and take a Diet Coke break.


This is Coke Zero. Sugar. Could I be the best Coke ever? Try and taste with your ears. Hear those bubbles. Imagine them tingling on your top. Fizzy deliciousness. Listen to that cascading liquid. A mouthwatering waterfall. Irresistibly tasty, zero sugar, crisp, refreshing, and ice. Gold is Coke Zero. Sugar the best Coke ever. Try and decide.


Good Morning. USA. Yo. Yo. Yo yo yo yo yo. Yo. Yo. Yo. Yo. Yo. Yo. Yo. Yo. Yo. Yo. Yo. Yo yo. Yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo, yo yo, yo yo. Jess Ais is on maternity leave, and Lauren is a little late this morning. Charlamagne to God, Peace to the planet This Monday. Back to the work week. Good morning. Yes. Just maternity leave should be over soon, we hope. Yeah. The return of Jess Alaris officials sooner than you think. I hope so. Okay. Yes. Miss my sis. What a, what an exciting time to be alive, man. We are a wake up, A simple wake up a day and a wake up till election day. That is right. That's right. Did You early vote yet? No. I'm actually going early vote today because I'm not.


Can you, why you mean can't hide? Why can't I, I thought early voting was just until November 3rd. No. Yes it is. Yes it is. And jersey's just, you sure? Yes. Because I tried to go yesterday, but I missed the time. I, I thought it was until six o'clock. And. I got there, I think, at like 4 0 5, and they stopped at four. So I was like, I'll come back tomorrow. And then they said, no, you gotta come back Tuesday. Oh. Well, I guess I'll be voting on Tuesday. Yeah. I had planned to go today. I, I, I thought I, I was trying to go yesterday, but No. Oh, I didn't know. Early voting is over. Oh, the timeframe was up. The Timeframe was up. Yeah. So you can't go until Tuesday. Oh, I'll go to tomorrow morning then. That's right. Damn, I gotta go early. 'cause I'm going to DC tomorrow. I'm definitely going to DC tomorrow. Yeah. So you gotta figure that. Yeah. You gotta go early. Yes. I go early. What time the poll? Well, they don't open till six or four something.


Six. We gotta figure that out in Jersey Early in the morning. I gotta, I gotta vote too. But what is exciting time, man? It is Kamala Harris. Donald Trump. Tomorrow's election day. don don't know why this feels, this feels different. This don't feel like other elections. It really doesn't like this. Feels like You know how they always say the most consequential election of your lifetime. Yes. This one feels that way. Yeah. In a real way. Yeah, It does. No, it absolutely positively does And I think I feel more into it now, especially because we were in the commercials, and every time I go somewhere, somebody would be like, I seen you in a commercial. Oh, I don't give a, to be honest with you, I don't give a damn about that. I See it all the time. And people, You know people come up to me and talk to me more about this election than any other election. So I think that's the reason why I just Give a damn about where I feel like the future of our country is going.


So that's why I feel like or Should go Yeah, Absolutely. Or should go No. Well, where it, it's going by the way, it's going that way regardless. Okay. You just have to know that. That's the other thing. Like You know, regardless of who wins tomorrow, America really has to do some real soul searching. Absolutely. Because I can't believe we're here. Yeah. In this position that we're in, where you have somebody like O Donald Trump who can be so bigoted. Right. And who can literally, literally, we have, there's women in this country right now that have less rights right now than they did when I was born in 1,978. Think about that. Yeah. So think about that. So yes, we have some real soul searching to do as a country, but tomorrow the soul searching Begins.


That's right. Tomorrow is election Day. So tomorrow you get to decide what kind of country you wanna be. So make Sure you get out. That's, That's Just the truth to the battle and vote. Now I wanna salute Lauren, Lauren Rosa, who's on the way. I hope she, she, I'm sure she's listening. Over the weekend, I got a chance to take my son to his first professional major league soccer game. The New York City Football Club out in Queens. When I say it was my son had the, the, the most amazing time watching soccer. Now I've been to everything. I've been to Major League baseball games. I've been to The World series. I've been to Super Bowls. I've been to playoffs in the NBA. But when I say soccer, when I say they take it serious, my son was right along with them cheering, and he had such an amazing time. So salute to the New York City Football Club for inviting us.


Thank you Lauren Lar for setting that up. We had such an amazing time. If you ever get into soccer, or if you wanna check out your local professional team, you definitely should take it. Kids. It was such a, my son had a great time. It was cold though. It was crazy. It's crazy. It was cold though. Crazy that the giants and Jets suck so bad that you got New Yorkers that have to go to football now. Not, not. I love football. I love football. Football. I love football. Football. Okay. It's a great sports sl to the MLS. But the fact that the giants and Jets suck so bad in the middle of the season that you in here with a soccer New York City soccer club, football, whatever, Jersey on New York City Football Club. And you took your son to the game. I did. Because you tired of taking, he tired. He tired of the tears. Every time you take him to go see the giants, he just end leaving in tears. You tired of that? Huh? How'd your Cowboys do this weekend?


We suck. Okay. Okay. All right. But it's okay. Sure. All right. You still go To Super Bowl? Yes, we are. Yo, shut Up. My goodness. All right. What you Mean Nancy? As a cowboy fan, I am obligated, oh my goodness. To say we're going to the Super Bowl tour. We are no longer in Super Bowl contention Now. US representative for South Carolina, Nancy May should be joining us this morning. And also Connor and Ja Moore. Now Rohan is a US representative from California. That's right. J Morris from South Carolina. Yes, he is. And we gonna be talking to them in a little bit. But when we come back, we got front page news. Morgan Wood be joining us. It's The Breakfast. Club. Good morning. Morning everybody. It's DJ Envy. Jess. Hilarious. Charlamagne the guy. We are The. Breakfast. Club. Lauren LaRosa is here. Yes. Good morning. And let's get in some front page news Now.


Sports, over the weekend, the commanders beat the Giants. The Bills beat the Dolphins. Titans beat the Patriots. The Chargers, oh, that was me. I'm sorry. Charger beat the Browns. Cowboys got squashed by the Falcons. Bengals beat the Raiders. Cardinals beat the Bears. Ravens beat the Broncos Rams beat the Seahawks Eagles beat the Jaguars. The Lions beat the Packers. Vikings beat the Colts. And in Monday night for the ball, the Buccaneers take on the Kansas City Chiefs at eight 15. What's up Morgan? What's Up? What's up? Hey, happy Monday to y'all. Y'all feeling all right? Yes, ma'am. Indeed. All right. So in unfortunate breaking news, legendary record producer Quincy Jones, he has passed away at the age of 91. It's reported that the Grammy Award-winning entertainer died peacefully at his home in Bel Air, California on Sunday surrounded by family.


But I'm sure you guys are gonna get more into that. Let's switch gears and get into this election news. So tomorrow is Tuesday. It's the big day. November 5th, front page news. Make sure you exercise your right to vote. And of course, shout out to all the first time voters. You know you got a big responsibility tomorrow. So Vice President Harris, she says she's cast her ballot in this year's election. The Democratic presidential nominee revealed on Sunday that she can completed and mailed in her California ballot. Her running mate, governor Tim Walls, Minnesota Governor Tim Walls voted early in person last month in his home state alongside his son. Former President Trump has yet to cast his vote, or at least let us know. Speaking of which, this comes as VP Harris had a busy weekend with stops in Georgia, North Carolina, and Pennsylvania.


She also made a surprise appearance on Saturday Night Live with comedian Maya Rudolph, who plays the amazing Sketch On the show. Yes, incredible sketch. The VP and her lookalike joked about her laugh, her name, and Donald Trump while she gave herself a pep talk in what's supposed to appear as a mirror. Let's hear, let's take a listen to Harris' skit on SNL. Now, Kamala, take my Pamela, the American people wanna stop the chaos and end the drama with a cool new stepmom kick backing our pajamas and watch a rum Kamala, like legally blond la and start decorating for Christmas.


Follow Lala. Because what do we always say? Keep Kamala and carry Onala. Yeah. So that skit, or that was partial of the skit, appeared to be a copy of that, of Jimmy Fallon. He did with former President Trump back in 2015. But the skit nonetheless was still amazing. Still cool. Meanwhile, a commissioner from the Federal Commissions Communications Commission or the FCC, he took to X to air his grievance with Kamala Harris' appearance on FFNL. Commissioner Brandon Carr posted on X that Harris' appearance violates equal time rules that regulate political programming. Now he called the appearance biased and partisan conduct the FCC guidelines.


Read equal opportunities generally mean providing comparable time and placement to opposite candidates. Now on Sunday, that was rectified and former president Donald Trump was given ad time during NBC's NASCAR broadcast and also afforded an additional 60 seconds of campaign time during Sunday night football coverage. Yeah. So, Well, I'm see You know. The only reason I I I, I like the FCC Commissioner doing that is because as a radio personality here, folks don't understand that. Like if you bring on on bring on one side, you gotta bring on the other. If the other side requests to come, you can't deny you have to bring them on. That's right. Like people don't understand that. Like they be so upset, oh, I can't believe y'all have such and such.


You gave somebody a platform. Give somebody a platform. That's the way it works. The rules and Regulations. If, if you, that's The way it used to be in media where you would know that that would happen. Like You say You would know, Would act like it's so strange. But back like years ago, that was normal. You would Expect it. You have to do it like it's, it's FCC rules and regulations. If you bring on one side, you to whatever time you give them, you gotta give the other side the opportunity to, to speak to The same amount of time. That's Right. You just do. That's the way it goes. Equal time. And of course you guys You know what's going on in DC of course the election is tomorrow and they are already taking security steps and measures. We'll talk about more about, we'll talk more about that at 7:00 AM So stick around for more front page news then.


Alright, Everybody else get it off your chest. 805 8 5 1 0 5 1. Let us know how your weekend was, what you did. All that good stuff. 805 8 5 1 0 5 1. Get it off your chest. It's The, Breakfast, Club. Good morning The. Breakfast Club. This is your time to get it off your chest. Whether you're mad or blessed, so please, but have the same industry. We wanna hear from you on The. Breakfast. Club. Hello, who's this? This is Margaret from Queen. Hey Margaret. Good morning. Get it off your chest, Margaret. Good morning. I'm just, just happy news today. I just wanna thank you so much for talking about HBCU colleges and now my granddaughter goes there.


Zaria Johnson. She's in Morgan State. Oh. Oh, Okay. Oh, congratulations. And I. Just want to wish her a happy latest birthday. Hey, what part of Queens are you from? October 28th? I'm from, I live in Springfield Garden. Oh, Springfield Gardens. Okay. Well congratulations. What made you, what made you pick, go Ahead. Because you talk so much about these colleges and how good they are and what they're doing for the community and everything. So I make sure, tell her, make sure you HBCU College because it seems to be doing good for the black community. Absolutely. Well, thank you Margaret. So happy birthday Zaria.


October 28th was her birthday. And I didn't get to speak to her. So I hope somebody is listening and can tell her that her grandma is wishing her happy birthday. Okay. Margaret, Your radio Grandma, you didn't get to thank you. Her grandma didn't get to talk to her 'cause she was partying at school. Probably not. Now Margaret, you gotta throw a little couple dollars in her, throw a little couple dollars on her phone, like 20, $40. That'll help her You know, wash her laundry and all that other stuff. I do that, I do that she Knows she comes to grandma for anything because that's the first grandchild. So she's Spoiled. Oh, she's spoiled. Okay. I'm the first grandchild too. I love that life for her. Thank you grandma. Okay, bye. Have a Good one. They spoil you too, Lauren. What? My grandmother.


What? You can't tell her nothing about me. Really? You need to give her a wig back though. Oh. Oh my goodness. Hello. Who's this? You starting early? Huh? Hello? I said that boy. Hey, what's your name? Oh, my name is Marcella. Hey Marcella. Good Morning Marcella. Get it off your chest. Okay, so I have three things I'm gonna put quick. I wanted to get off my chest, DJ Envy. I wanted to shout you out for all the mental stuff that you do, especially around suicide. My brother committed suicide years ago, and I've had a few students suffer that they wanna take their lives. And, I share my brother's story. And one of the ideas I wanted to share with you, the next time you approach the topic, I don't know if they do it, but maybe having those who contemplated speak to those who survived it, who survived the suicide of a, because when I spoke to my students who said, I don't want be here anymore, And I tell how my brother suicide still affects my family and my parents.


I can see the difference in the face. They don't realize that taking their life is gonna have a big impact on the loved ones. Oh, oh, I was, oh, we we, have you ever been to the Mental Wealth expo that I do every year? We do. We have a whole breakout room panel about that. But my guy, my guy, Jay Barnett, he's a person who actually survives two suicides himself. But then you have people You know who actually come to the mental health expo, who have had family members close relatives commit suicide. And you're right, You know, they talk about the grief that they feel You know having to deal with losing a loved one. The, the the suicide. Yeah. I think that that's beautiful. Charlemagne, I would like to shout you out because from the very beginning you said, I pay attention the things that Trump say and pay attention to what's going on behind the scenes.


And he is a magician. He'll have you look into the left and really is the right, you should be paying attention to And I. Just wanna reiterate that, especially with tomorrow being election day and the, the last thing of the blast to three Village Central School District. And he used to talk my nephew Len, also Thomas quarterback, the senior council. And for the last week he had to deal with racism and racist comments, not only from his teammates and his classmates, but even from his coach to the point where mom had Sharp been involved in a lawsuit against the district because he's been exposed to the N word number of times.


They sent some nos to the point where she even had the get involved with persevered. And I'm just hoping that this loss goes through and three villages get the root so it don't happen to another black child or a child of color who parents just wanna expose into a better education. Yes Ma'am. Well, thank you so much. Not Their mental health. Well, thank you again and salute to everybody. And And I. Just wanna tell everybody out there, there's, there's always another way and there's always help out there in my, my book, real Life, real Love. I talk about about what, 10, 12 years ago when I wanted to commit suicide and almost did. And we discuss it in, in in longevity or well in, in length about the process and everything that I had to go through.


And I do go to a bunch of different schools and a bunch of different places talking to students and kids that have that on their mind. And, and, and it's, it's easy to say, well, they shouldn't be thinking about that. But being in that position and having that thought process at one time, I understand what you guys are going through. And I understand. I've been there, I've been at my lowest at times. So And I, we will continue to do that. And, and maybe I need to talk about that more because we, You know we go to a a bunch of different schools a lot. But yeah, I'm, I'm glad that You, you gotta tell people not to make a permanent decision based off temporary feelings. Yeah, no, absolutely. But You know the main thing is people feel like in life, life would be better without them there. That their family would be better without them there.


And they put that in their mind. And, I even put that in my mind. And it's something that I had to really You know to really find within myself and do work on myself to figure out a, a better solution and a better way of course. But I'm glad that You know your, your students and, and your relative was able to take the other route. All right. Get it off your chest. 805 8 5 1 0 5 1. If you need to vent, hit us up now. It's The Breakfast Club. Good morning The. Breakfast Club. I'm telling, I'm telling. Hey, what you doing man? Call calling. Yo, This is your time to get it off your chest. Whether you're mad or blessed. 8 5 8 5 1 0 5 1. We want to hear from you on The. Breakfast Club.


Hello. Who's this? Yo, this is Chris. Chris, what's up brother? Get it off your chest. What's up man? Good morning, man. Good morning, Chris. I just wanna say, man, Wayne did his thing at the Louisiana Fest. Man. That was, that was plastic. That was for the culture. And I. Love that man. Lauren was there. Yeah, I seen some of the clips. Yeah. Yeah, I seen Lauren there. And I Know Charlemagne go crazy over Kendrick, man. But they supposed to have Wayne at that Super Bowl, but I feel like this was a little better than the Super Bowl. You think so? Because they do all the classes. They Been arguing online about that since the show yesterday. Yeah, but that's silly And. I'll tell you why it's silly. That Hot Boys reunion was perfect for little Louisiana Fest. You know why? Because when you think about the Super Bowl, I know it's in New Orleans, but it's literally a national event.


Like the reason that Louisiana Fest and that Hot Boys reunion hit so hard was because it was in New Orleans. That wouldn't have happened. That wouldn't have hit so hard anywhere else. And, and be hung up on the guy per usual. Why you hang Up? I didn't hang up. He hung. Actually, I didn't touch it. Hello? Who's this? What's Up? What's up? Hey, this Is Anna. Hey Anna. Good morning. Get it off your chest. I'm waking up this morning with a heavy heart. We lost Puy Jones, American legend, the one best composers of the 20th century from the first 10th to alive, including off the wall.


Where in Bath. And we are the, we are The World. I love, I love Quincy Jones. But that brother was 91 Years Old. That brother lived. You, me, nine one. That brother lived. He lived, he lived a life. 28 grand, An Emmy life of full life. He produced a hit show Bell, French Prince of Bel Air, the Color Purple. I mean he wrote the theme song from the Cosby Show. I mean, we could talk about who? Michael Jackson, Ray Charles, that man Frank Sinatra a Full life. Yes, he did. Okay. Him, him and him and Clarence Full of life. Him and Clarence Avon were two of my favorite people to watch. So You know only thing I can, when when I hear stuff like that, I don't even, I'd be like, damn, God bless.


I don't even feel any sense of sadness. 'cause he lived a full life. Yeah. We Gonna, we gonna take some time to You know pay tribute to him this morning too. So keep listening. Yeah. I hope you guys, we will because he is, he transcends culture movies, just like Envy said, composing the theme to, I think it was Mission Impossible, the, the original mission. Impossible. Yep. You You know a Quincy Jones song where you hear it. It is. He is the 20th century when it comes to pop culture. It's, it's, it's heavy.


Yes. He loves, he lived a long life and it was an extraordinary life. And I. Just, I just hope everybody takes the time to recognize how much he touched every part of The World. I mean, it's so, it's so much out there about him. You got his books, you got his documentaries. Like Frank, like Quincy Jones produced for Frank Sinatra. I You have to like fly me two. Like it is like he Michael Jackson, Like so many. Yeah, Absolutely. Full life. Yes. A full life. Well, thank you mama for calling in this morning. A a a I wanna also tell everybody to go out and vote tomorrow as well.


It's important and don't forget it. All righty. Get it off your chest. 805 8 5 1 0 5 1. We got Jess with the mess with Long LaRosa coming up. We Do. We are gonna actually pay tribute to Quincy Jones. Alright. We talk about his life and his legacy. Alright, we'll get into that. Next. It's The. Breakfast. Club. Good morning The. Breakfast Club. Morning everybody. It's DJ Envy. Jess Charlamagne, the guy. We are The Breakfast. Club. Let's get to just with the Mess with Lauren Osa News Is real. Jessica Robin Moore. Just don't do No She don't. Nobody worldwide, worldwide mess on The.


Breakfast Club. She's the coaches. Who? Lauren. Lauren. I'm back. And. I got the mess. Talk to me Now. We lost another legend. Quincy Jones has passed away at the age of 91. His publicist told a few outlets in court Accord and the ap, according to his rep that last night, filled with Broken Hearts, his family decided to share the news that their father and brother Quincy Jones has passed away. Although this is an incredible loss for their family, they said they wanna celebrate the great life that he lived and know that there will never be another like him. And man, when you say that, there will be another like him and an in credible full great life.


It it, you, it's almost like an understatement. He lived so many different creative lifestyles. He was a musician, a musician, a songwriter, producer, conductor, ranger artist, record label owner, executive tv and film producer, magazine publisher, humanitarian author. Like there's just so much that he did. And he spanned across so many different genres on activism As Well. Yep. Classical music, like just so many different things. He was a 28 time Grammy winner. He won an Academy Award. Two of them actually. He won an Emmy for Roots. There's a lot that that he did. I, I'm not even gonna be able to get it in this full segment, but also worth mentioning.


He was one of the first black executive executives to really thrive in Hollywood. And because of that, he helped so many artists be able to put, he put their careers like on their back. He arranged music for St. Frank Sinatra. Ella Fitzgerald. He composed soundtracks for Roots in the Heat of the Night. He produced on The Color Purple. He was a EP of the Fresh Prince of Bel Air. He produced, I I didn't know this one. I I saw this this morning when I was reading just about some of his stuff. He produced and organized Bill Clinton's first inaugural celebration. He oversaw the all star recording of We Are The World in 1985. That, that charity record that they did for Relief in Africa. There's a documentary thriller.


There's a documentary about that by the Yes. Thriller. Beat it. There is so much Off the Wall. Yes. And, and we grabbed some of like You know just some of the music and the things that he composed that a lot of people probably wouldn't even know that he had his hand in. I know a lot of it I learned this morning, I wanna Cruise bombs. Right. Yeah. That's why you should watch this documentary on Netflix. Quincy. It came out I think about five, six years ago. I'm watch it You know Learn. Yeah. You'll learn so much about, You've always heard about like I've always heard anyway and just knowing how many different people across genres and across career paths that he's worked with. Just how much of a great composer. And he just was able to, he's kinda like a chameleon. He was able to do so much. And. I was saying, I don't think anybody today could do that because he really just took everything out of it.


No bias, no anything. He just did what he liked to do. Well That man lived a full life. 91 Years Old. We should be so blessed to live that long. But what he did with those 91 years, like we throw the word icon around very loosely. Nowadays we throw the word legend around very loosely nowadays. Quincy Jones was the pure definition of all those things. Absolutely. I wanna also too Sanford son theme song and a Doc Charlotte, you watched the doc, right. Did did he talk about like when a lot of these different and earlier in his career when a lot of these different opportunities would come his way, how he knew which ones to say yes to because everything he did was like super legendary. But like was he strategic about that or? It seemed to me like Quincy Jones did what he wanted to do. Like You know. And and that's what I respect. I re I I respect longevity.


People who aren't defined by an era, they just always find ways to reinvent themselves. That was Quincy. Like he was the algorithm. He wasn't a surfer. He was the wave. People put themselves in unnecessary boxes nowadays because they give people what they feel they they want. Right. Not what they need. Correct. Quincy gave you what you need. Yeah. He was a musician. He he created the sound. Like that's what we don't have Now he's creating the sound for the next generation. When he did Michael and when he did all the things that he did, which is amazing. He was so ahead of his time. Well, one last You know music Listen that I want us to listen to. Austin Powers the theme song for Austin Powers. I didn't know he did this one either. That tripped me out that I watched that movie so much.


Now What, what happened with that one? He he did that in the sixties. He Did the original and they recreated it. Gotcha. And they, I don't know if they recreated. They just used it. I Think they recreated and they did. I Think so. I don't know if they recreated it. He did it in the sixties. They the sixties sold Bossanova and they used it for the Austin Power. Correct. Got You Know song. Got you man. To live a life like that. You Said it took 'em 20 minutes to do that. 20 minutes to do that. And do You know? Well y'all know that Austin Powers franchise is so big. It's huge. And like everything that that was probably used for is amazing. Yeah. Wow. But I mean when this morning, like you said, he lived a full life. 91 Years Old is a long time here. He got to see a lot. I know. I went to his Instagram just to see kind of what like some of his last posts were.


And the last posts I saw was something he posted with his daughter talking about how he You know was just so happy to be her dad. So he lived a life, he had his family You know saying RP to the legend Sie Jones. That Austin Power song. It was used by Judy Garland in the second episode of the Judy Garland Show in 1963. So just think about how that one piece of music You know had been used for so many different things. He first did it in 1962, then it was used for Judy Garland, then it was used for a couple other movies. The Pawn broke it, take Money and Run. Then it became the Austin Powell song. And it, he, it is just, he's just an incredible human Man. Amazing to be, to Be blessed like that. 'cause he from Chicago, I, I was reading about his upbringing. It literally came from like nothing.


That's right. To be and then to be blessed like that. Watch the doc on Netflix, y'all. Yeah. A good Day. I'm gonna go watch it tonight To learn more about Quin g Jones. Okay. Alright, legend. All right. That was just with the Mess with Lauren LaRosa. Now when we come back, we got front page news with Morgan Woods. Don't move us. The Breakfast Club. Good morning. Morning everybody. It's the EJ Envy. Just hilarious. Charlemagne the guy. We are The Breakfast Club. Lauren LaRosa filling in for Jess. Let's get in some front page news. Now in NFL, some quick sports. The commanders beat the Giants. Bills beat the Dolphins. Titans beat the Patriots. Charges beat the Browns. The Falcons beat the Cowboys. The Raiders beat the Bengals. The Cardinals beat the bears. The Ravens beat the Broncos.


The Rams beat the Seahawks Viking beat the Colts. The Lions beat the Packers. The Eagles beat the Jaguars. And did I say that the Falcons beat the Cowboys. And in Monday Night football did, did you hear about how your giants got beat to the commanders? See you, you lack self-awareness so much. What? That you be trying to clown when your team is at the bottom of the NFC East. I know that your team got a worse record than us. But I'm not delirious. I didn't say my team's making it to the Super Bowl neither. So what don't matter a lot. Point the time. My point is, shut up. No, your team is at the bottom of the NFC. Accept it though. So accept it. Don't and don't clown nobody up for what they team doing. I accept it. Don't clown nobody else. You accept being on the bottom as well. Self awareness. Think about where you are as a Giants fan.


Accept it. You got a soccer jersey on right now? 'cause your team's so bad in football. No, I don't have it because of my team. Because I went to a soccer game this weekend. That's why. Because The New York football team is so terrible. Y'all love soccer. Y'all looking at another football? No. My son loves soccer. Nope. Yep. Good Morning Morgan. Dang y'all. Good morning. Okay, so tomorrow You did stop At both of your teams won. You don't even know what team, what fan you are. Yeah, no, I'm good today. Yeah. Tomorrow is election day y'all. Tuesday, November 5th. On top of front page news. Make sure you exercise your right to vote. Shout out all the first time voters. You guys got a big job to do tomorrow. So yeah, Trump claimed y'all the only way he'll lose Tuesday's election is if there's cheating. So he's been busy and his campaign has been busy attempting to clarify recent comments made by the former president over the weekend.


The campaign says the GOP presidential nominee was looking out for the media when he was talking about assassination attempts targeting him during a rally in Pennsylvania on Sunday. Let's take a listen to Trump at this rally on Sunday in Pennsylvania. I have a piece of glass over here. And Don. Don't have a piece of glass there. And I have this piece of glass here. But all we have really over here is the fake news. Right. And to get me, somebody would have to shoot through the fake news.


And I. Don't mind that so much because I don't mind, I don't mind that. Now see, this is The same type of stuff he do. And then be like he don don't know where it came From. Yeah. So, so it's like he'll say that. You know. They'll tell everybody else to tamper down on their rhetoric because that's what causes people to try to assassinate him. But then he'll do things like that and then act like it never happened. He'll act like everybody else is the one that's saying the type of rhetoric that could cause violence. But what was that just now? Well, in a statement, Trump's campaign spokesman said that he stated the media was in danger and that should have glass had and that they should shut. Also shut have a glass protective shield as well.


Yeah. So You know spokesman You know you should stop doing Morgan and all media should stop doing, stop trying to explain his bs. I'm not I'm not trying to. I know you not. I know you not you just saying you try. You're you're giving their explanation for it. It sounds ridiculous. So the spokesman added, there can be no other interpretation of what was said. The statement ended with he was actually looking out for their welfare far more than his own. So Explain, explain, explain why. He said, I wouldn't mind that then that I about to say that, that that That sound like a green Light to me. And that's what I don't understand when they, when they release these statements, it's like, well explain why he said I wouldn't mind that. Then Listen y'all, I'm just reporting it. So meanwhile, Florida Senator Marco Rubio, he's defending former president Trump's comments made by a speaker at one of his rallies in an interview on CBS's face the nation, the Miami Republican downplayed the joke by comedian Tony Hinchcliffe that Puerto Rico was garbage.


Let's hear from Florida Senator Marco Rubio in regards to those comments that Trump made. And a comedian made a joke and it was tasteless. But it wasn't Trump that said it. It wasn't, this guy's not gonna be in his cabinet. I mean this comedian's not gonna be a member of his government. He's certainly not running for anything. If it had to be done in hindsight, the guy probably doesn't get invited. Okay. Especially with a joke like that. The sitting president of the United States said out loud what most people in the Democratic party and hierarchy believe. And that is that anyone who votes for Donald Trump is garbage is a racist, is a hater, is a Nazi. It's not what he said though. And I don't even like defending Joe Biden. What he said was, anybody who supported that comedian's jokes is garbage. Yeah. So Rubo Rubio, excuse me, went on to defend Trump's comments.


Again, these are a lot of comments that Trump said about former US representative Liz Cheney after she endorsed Harris. Adding that she wouldn't be a warhawk if she was standing there with nine barrels shooting at her. Now a warhawk is a person who advocates for aggression. Oh, excuse me, aggressive foreign policies or armed conflict. Now Rubio also went on to say that Cheney shouldn't face a firing squad, but was instead trying to make the point that so-called Warhawks wouldn't be so pro-war if they were placed on the front lines. Sheesh. This is this. This is getting heavy stuff. Y'all please go out the vote. Anyways, switching gears and bringing things home to New York. A judge is setting a trial date for New York City Mayor Eric Adams on federal corruption charges.


Judge Dale Ho. Set April 21st, 2025 for Adam's trial date to start, which is a month later than the speedier March trial date. Adams acts for now. Adams faces a possible Democratic primary in June, not long after that if he stays in the race for reelection. In addition, Adam's attorneys are trying to get the bribery charge charges against Tim Tossed. Judge Ho said he would consider the arguments made in court and attempt to rule shortly meantime, prosecutors also said they're still unable to access the mayor's personal phone One year after they seized it. They say Adam's changed the password the day before he knew they were coming. And he said he can't remember what that password is.


Yeah. I wonder who Eric Adams voting for. Mm, I know, right? Because lately he's been very vocal about like not calling Trump a fascist and things like that. But he's also You know along Democratic party lines. He gotta say neutral and be clear about who she supports. He's been on the fence. Yeah. I feel like he gotta stay neutral right now. Right? Just in case You know, he might need to call on whoever wins. They need that part on me. And now he forgot the password. Yes. All right y'all, so that's your front page news. I'm Morgan Wood following on social at Morgan Media. And for more news coverage, follow at Black Information Network and download the free iHeart Radio app and visit us@bnnews.com. Happy Monday. All right, thank you Morgan. Now when we come back, RO Connor and John Moore will be joining us.


Of course. Connor is the US representative from California. John Moore from South Carolina. We're gonna talk to him next. It's The. Breakfast. Club. Good morning, The. Breakfast Club. Morning everybody. It's DJ NV Jess. Hilarious Charlamagne guy. We are The Breakfast Club. L la Rosa, filling in for Jess. We got some special guests joining us this morning. We got us representative Ro Connor from California. And we got J Moore from South Carolina. South Carolina State Representative J Moore. Yeah. Yeah. Thank You. Welcome. How y'all feeling to say? Great to be on. That's good to be here. What do you guys think about the rally in New York or Madison Square Garden? What were your thoughts? Here's the thing. You know Maya Angelo once said that words or things, and you've gotta be careful about how you use words.


Now I'm a free speech person, but that doesn't mean all speech is good speech. We teach our kids to be thoughtful about how they use words because of respect. We have had this situation in this country that if you think something is funny, that somehow that's a license to insult people. Just because something is funny doesn't mean that you can denigrate people based on their race and gender and just say, oh, okay, I was just making a joke. I thought the vile attacks on racial groups in the context of a political rally was horrendous. And someone needs to say, yeah, okay, you can have humor, but not everything in this country can be justified just because it's funny.


I just thought it was bad politics. It's like You know a week before the election, You know and, and You know you, you gonna need Latino people, you gonna need black people. You gonna need Jewish people. And you just put somebody up there to insult them. Kind of crazy. Yeah. I mean, I I I think it's just another misstep by, by the Trump campaign. And Trump himself, it was a a des don don't know if it was don. Don't even know if it was desperate or not, was just nuts. It didn't make sense. I don't know why you would You know would all due respect I'm a Knicks fan, would all due respect to New York, why you would do a rally in New York anyway when it's not a battleground state. That makes sense. It was a terrible move on this part. You what's the Stop Wall Street landlord like Bro You know what's going on right now is private equity.


These big companies, they're buying up single family homes and they're buying up largely in working class neighborhoods. By doing that, they're making the prices of these homes go up and they're making the prices of rents go up. And you are, and my tax dollars are subsidizing them. So this says stop giving them a subsidy. You shouldn't have Wall Street firms getting tax dollars that go buy up single family homes. And by the way, they're doing them largely in black and brown communities across this country. And it's outrageous. If you stop Wall Street from doing it. How do you make it the way people from the community can actually not just purchase those homes, but have the equity to reinvest into those homes and You know renovate 'em? Well, that's a, a big, big question. Why home ownership is gone down.


The biggest source of of, of wealth. You know home ownership is about 62% of the white community. 45% in the black community. One, you need to build more homes so that you can bring the price down. But You know, the bottom line is you gotta have higher paying jobs. I mean, we've had jobs in this country with the working and middle class stagnate in wages. And one of the reasons I wanted to come on, and Jay And I have been working on is You know I represent Silicon Valley, $12 trillion of value. Apple, Google, intel, Nvidia. We've gotta create those high paying jobs in many other parts of America for the, you look at the bulk of wealth generation in this country over the last 40 years, a lot of it has come outta technology.


And whether it's high paying manufacturing or high paying technology jobs, we've gotta actually do that in communities so people could go have a salary to buy a house. We built, we did a summit, j And, I and others in Lin with 40 historically black colleges and universities. We got Apple there, we got Google there, we got Nvidia, we got Microsoft. They've created a program, 71% placement rate, 18 month course, 10 hours a week. You end up with a 65 to a hundred thousand dollars job in different technology skills that doesn't even require coding. We've gotta create more opportunities for people to actually build wealth in a modern economy. That's how they're gonna be able to afford housing. Let Me ask you a question though, right?


So I I believe in you. And, I, And, I feel like, especially our community, most of our generation, wealth starts from home ownership, right? Passed down from generations to generations. One pro one question I do have is, is sometimes when he put these laws into effect, it just doesn't affect the people they're trying to get. It affects other people. Lemme break it down, right? So for instance, my dad was a police officer. Police officer, he retired. My mother worked at a life insurance company, didn't make a lot of money. They saved all their life. They bought their first house for $28,000, right? Lived in that house for 46 years. So now it's worth, let's say $500,000, $600,000. When they passed, they paid taxes on that house. They paid everything that they needed to pay for the rest of their life. When they pass that house down to their child, they have to pay taxes on that.


That child who gets that house has to pay taxes on that. Again, that's behind the buck for somebody that's trying to make it. Now if this was somebody else, like let's say Donald Trump that received a million dollar loan and his family has wealth, I understand it. But how can somebody in these communities create wealth when they're getting taxed twice like somebody else and they, they don't have the same tax breaks, they don't know their same accountants. That's my only problem when I hear some of these things because I get it. Yes. People have to pay their fair share. When you have people that come from those communities that are trying to create generational wealth for the first time, first time millionaires, first time people making $500,000, it affects and hurt them as well, Especially too. 'cause a lot of times when those situations, by the time it's passed down to that second or third generation, the mom, dad, grandmother may owe money that now you inherit.


And it's a lump sum. So it's not just like, oh, I gotta pay the taxes for this year. It might be like a lot of money that they just been figuring it out and now You know and now it's in your lap and you gotta figure that out. Or you don't own that house anymore. So What do you say to those people that's saying like, yeah, I, I agree, but You know my mom just sold, she paid 28,000, I sold it for 500,000. Now they're taking 40% taxes on property that she already paid tax. How can they create generational wealth when they're starting behind the eight ball already? I hear you. I think we should have an exemption for passing down your actual house to family. Maybe exempt the first 2 million or up to three 5 million and we could figure it out. And that's not going to cost the federal government a lot of revenue.


You know what's going on right now because while you're taxing the, the, the guy you're talking about or or, or or daughter you're talking about where he is getting a half a million dollar house passed to them and they're having to pay tax at the same time you got these multi-billionaires in, in my district in Silicon Valley, they buy Facebook stock for a thousand bucks. That stock goes up to a hundred thousand. They pass that stock, they don't pay capital gains tax on it. Then they pass that stock down to their kids and their kids don't pay any of the appreciation. So you've got a rigged system that is hurting the working and middle class from building wealth and allowing the top 1% to continue to build without paying tax.


And the Republicans are very clever. Every time we say we want to tax that top one or 10%, they talk about all the other 80%. They said, your taxes are gonna go up. But the Democrats have to say is no, you're working class, you're middle class, you wanna build wealth, we're gonna give you an exemption. We're gonna shift the tax burden to the multimillionaires who have benefited from this system. But one more point to you, And, I, look, I'm all for home ownership. I think home ownership is, we've gotta figure out more ways to, to get the disparity not to be 62% in the white community and forties low 40% of the black communities. But technology, here's what I fundamentally believe it, it's a generational opportunity to, to overcome the racial wealth generation gap.


One generation, the black community was excluded in the agricultural revolution with the loans from the USDA that were targeted, excluded in the manufacturing revolution. Shame on us as a country in 2024 if we exclude communities from the digital revolution. There is an opportunity in one generation to build extraordinary wealth with ai, with new technology, with new industry. And that's what I want to try to say is why don't we get these opportunities to, to to to more of the community so they actually can build wealth. That, that you never will overcome the racial wealth generation gap just with taxation and redistribution unless you overcome the racial wealth generation gap.


Alright, we got more with Connor and Ja Moore when we come back. Don't move. It's The. Breakfast. Club. Good morning. Morning everybody. It's DEJ nv Jess, hilarious Charlamagne, the guy. We are The Breakfast, Club Law. The Rosa filling in for Jess. We're still kicking it with Connor, US representative from California and John Moore from South Carolina. Now we're one day away from elections. How, how do y'all feel? I'm, I'm hopeful. I'm optimistic. I think that I believe the young people are gonna come out and vote for, for Harris. I think this thing is overblown in terms of just that you would know more about the black vote Latino vote. I mean, I don't, A lot of the men I meet, they're voting for her black men. And a lot of Latino men are voting for her. So I think that they're, she's gonna win the, the Michigan Pennsylvania.


It's gonna be close. But I think the polls actually are underestimating her support. And You know. You made a great point about this image of why is it that we think traditionally of the Republicans as the, the business party. 'cause that's, that's all that Donald Trump's running on You know. Frankly, if he had never had apprentice, he never would've been president. Hate's not enough to become president. I mean, the Madison Square Garden stuff wasn't enough. It's 'cause he had 14 years in people's living rooms as being this business guy. And the Trump sign, And I think we've gotta be, look, all the new wealth, the the technology, the innovation, all of that's not being created by the the the old class. It's a whole new generation.


It's a whole new group of entrepreneurs. I consider you guys entrepreneurs, if that's the new wealth, that's the new innovation. And I fundamentally believe that's when, when Kamala Harris says she's for the future, that's what she represents. And I think that's the image that's gonna prevail. And I. I think it's gonna come down to, maybe I'm biased some from South Carolina, but I think if we win North Carolina and we win Georgia, we win And I. I've had the pleasure of traveling. I just got back from Nevada. I mean, I feel cautiously optimistic and everywhere I'm going, I mean I'm in the Uber and people, there's as much, the more Donald Trump talks and thus crazy stuff like he did here in New York.


The the better Kamala Harris has. I mean, I think I feel good about it. I'm cautiously optimistic about it. It's just interesting to me that You know with all of the things Trump has done, I don't even need to run down his whole resume. But when I just look at two impeachments, 88 criminal charges, 34, he was convicted of, to me that alone should be disqualified. Like why isn't there anything that legally that prevents him from even being on the ballot? And I know they got section three of the 14th Amendment. Yeah, yeah. But Supreme Court shot that down. Well, You know left up to Congress. The, the people who let him off the hook were Mitch McConnell and yeah, Kevin McCarthy. I remember talking to Kevin McCarthy after we impeached Donald Trump in the house.


And I said, and, and Kevin McCarthy and Mitch McConnell are talking about how terrible it was, what he did on January 6th. And I said, well, this is the reason we've gotta convict him in the Senate. And I said, ah, Donald Trump's done. He's not coming back. His numbers were 30% in the polls. Wow. They didn't think he would ever come back. Wow. And they, they let the guy off the hook in terms of if they had convicted him back then he wouldn't have been able to run. And it was the biggest error. And I, I blamed the Senate for not having the, the guts back then to, to convict him. But the this point in the media, which which I've heard you make a number of times, is that absolutely right. I mean, no one, they're asking Kamala Harris every detail of every plan and fine.


But no one is pointing out the, the fundamental point of the, the, the convictions and the illegality and the total shocking nature of Trump's candidacy. I I wanna ask you about the section three of the 14th amendment. 'cause the Supreme Court You know they said, they said it's, it's not up to the state when the states are trying to take him off the ballot. It's not up to the states. It's up to Congress. Congress would've never done that. 'cause it was a Republican led Congress at the time. Right. It was a Republican led Congress at the time. And the Senate would never have done it. And the Senate was not even willing to convict him. Wow. Of, of the actual charges. And they all thought, by the way, McConnell, you asked them, I'm sure he'll come out when they're in their biographies.


They all thought that what Trump did was an impeachable offense and convict him. But they said, why, why should we upset 30% of our base? 'cause his numbers were down at 30%. You know, why should we upset 30% of our base when the guy's gonna go away anyway? And we're gonna have a new generation. Nikki Haley Ron, by the way, you remember Ron DeSantis was their big thing. They all thought Ron DeSantis was gonna win. Yeah. They, they had written Doc Trump off. They thought Trump would go away quietly. And that's why they didn't wanna put their necks out to upset 30% of that base. I think the biggest problem is that no, nobody treats Trump like the actual threat that he is the D the DOJ didn't treat him like that. The media doesn't treat him like that.


Voters don't treat him like that. And so it's just like, yeah, if there's no consequences to your actions, what do, what are we supposed to do? And I think we also take for granted the segment of the population that he inspires and, and I'm You know good people and all that. But it's, it's, it's something about that sec that, that, that 35% that you're talking about, they're not going anywhere. And if you have that kind of base, especially going into a primary, you are, I mean, you are well positioned. And then so many other people, my colleagues even at the State House in South Carolina, just all keep falling in line because they're so worried about their own political futures and not about the country.


And And, I think all of us over the, over these next, what, seven, eight days left. We need to be aware of that. And we, like no one can sit home. I'm telling all the brothers out there now that can hear me, don't have a non vote protest vote against the Democratic party. This, we can't afford to do that this time. And we just cannot afford to do it. And after this election, whatever grievance you had, if you voted just You know You know and fill whatever, just take it up with the elected officials and hold us accountable once we get elected elect Kamala Harris on November the fifth, and then hold all of us accountable as elected Democrats. I mean that's my really, my call for the brothers out there that can hear me And the media is scary.


I mean, look at all these people, these billionaires were owning the newspapers, Washington Polls. Yeah. Suddenly they're saying that, well, we may not wanna endorse 'cause Trump may win. Now what is that boat in terms of the media actually standing up to him if he wins? This is the classic tactic of authoritarian leaders. That's right. That they intimidate any dissent. And it's not that people often wonder, well how do they get to power? It's not that people suddenly all start rallying around them. It's that they get enough of a base rallying around them and they put enough fear in everyone else to say, okay, we're gonna, as long as they don't come after us, we don't want to get in the way.


That's right. That's right. Go out and vote. And we appreciate you guys for joining us this morning. Really do. Thank you. Y'all Got, you got an election coming up too, right? Oh yeah. November the fifth. I'm on the ballot. You guys. Jay Moore, state representative in South Carolina. South Carolina. And of course Representative Roanna. Thank you guys for Joining. I, I do too. In California. And we gotta win not just my seat. We gotta win four, four Democratic House seats outta California to take back the majority so we can have Hakeem Jeffries as speaker of the house. Alright. That's Right. Well it's The. Breakfast Club. Good morning. Morning everybody. It's DJ Envy. Just hilarious. Charlemagne the guy. We are The. Breakfast. Club. Good morning. Yo. Now we got just with the mess coming up in a little bit. We do. We are gonna get into the Hot Boys reunion.


Y'all was in New Orleans? I was there. I seen it in real time, man. I ain't never witnessed nothing like that. It was, How was New Orleans? I love New Orleans. It was, Well, it just felt like it was home. Yeah. For the weekend. Like it felt like that too. All my Uber drivers wanted to talk about the fact that like, they just knew you was in town for that. So they wanted to talk about like, oh, I got a cousin that grew up with baby and It's a small town. Everybody knows each other. Yep. Yeah. Like they You know going through all the myths of You know Cash money and, and the baby Gs and all that stuff. Did You go out or did, what did you eat? You just did a show. What did You eat, eat, ate. I ate at, I went to, I went to the brunch spot. I went to what? Monday? On Monday. Monday. Larry, third Spot Monday. Shout out to Larry too. He made sure I was good. Shout to Larry.


All that. I had a bartender named Jen and a waiter named Brie. The combination of those two And I was there by my, I had a great time. The, the best lemon drop I had, it was, I was like, was this pre-made? This mix is so crazy. You said You was there by yourself? Yeah, I just went real quick to brunch. That's a sign of confidence. Oh, I you don't, you don't know me by now. Sign of confidence. I ooze it. Are you crazy? Okay. Okay. You went to the ball by yourself? Well, I was only there for like 30 minutes because I was headed to, we had the, Amazon had the little Louisiana Fest Con and they did a panel. Okay. So I moderated the panel with everyone from the Amazon music team about what they were doing in New Orleans and being a black creative. And then after that we went straight to the festival. So I had to go change. So I didn't have a lot of time Saturday at time.


Okay. But I just wanted to get in one of like lyric spots. So did You go out at night or not? You was tired. I didn't make it either night. No, no, that's not true. Friday night we went to Bourbon Street after we did the culture creators dinner. We had a time date. Did Nobody try to holler you while you was eating by yourself? I'm sorry. I didn't mean this to go back to that. I'm just asking. Nobody tried to holler you. I why are you all in my business? I'm just asking. I'm asking because that is, that is a very, like, that's a sign of self-confidence. And it's a way to assert independence. When you see people like eating alone or going to movies and stuff alone. It's dope. I had a great time. Oh, you got some new numbers? I ain't getting no new numbers. You ain't got no type of poker face. That's, you are the easiest person to interrogate. I really don't, my friends guys be like, your poker face is horrible.


We could never buy a bank With cheese. What was his name? Don't do it. I, I literally met my waitress. Her name was Bree and the bartender, her name was Gin. The lemon drop was amazing. I had the grits with the catfish and the shrimp and the Yep. The crap. Okay. Yeah, yeah, yeah. I didn't make it out either, actually. Got you. Huh? Saturday The accent. Accent. Got you. Somebody wrote What's up baby? Oh my. I love that accent. Alright. Alright. When we come back Live the best music. I would never leave there. Don't move. It's The. Breakfast Club. Good morning. Salute to everybody in Delaware. I just wanna salute to all my family in friends out in Delaware. You Got family in Delaware. You Oh, I'm just, I'm here with you. Yeah.


I'm saying shit to my family. And your Moms' be getting a dose of me being my, my caretaker life as the oldest child in the family. He's never experienced it. This Thing I've ever seen in my life. Yeah. My grandma's having a small procedure today. And. I'm here coordinating live from New York. My family as they, I just wanted To give you a hug. Just yo the way are dealing with all your family members on One Call. Envy. This is light. Jesus. This is light work. I can do it in My sleep. I'm glad I'm my only child. All right, well let's get to just with the Mess with Laura LaRosa. Real Jessica, Robin Moore just don't do no lying. Don She Don't, nobody. I just worldwide mess on The. Breakfast Club. She's the coach.


Lauren. Lauren And. I got the mess. Talk to me. So little Louisiana Fest went down over the weekend in New Orleans during little Louisiana Fest. The Hot Boys reunited for the first time in over 15 years. Wow. On stage. Rob four nine opened up for them and it, I was there. And when I tell y'all the energy, like Charla keeps making it a point to be like you were in New Orleans. And, I get it because I like it was you felt like, you just felt it. Like you really just felt it. Something just hit different. Just different. Oh my God. It Ken Different Kendrick Pop out show hit different 'cause it's in LA Yes. This hit different 'cause it was in New Orleans. It hit So different.


And I know that there had been so many conversations. You remember back at Essence Festival that was supposed to be at Reunion that Wayne did his own thing. Like, so I was curious. I'm like, yo, how did this all come about? 'cause not only were they there, but y'all, they were in great spirits. Like they were so happy. So we talked to, I, I did the live stream, the pre-show, live stream with Amazon on Amazon Prime and Twitch. And we got to talk to Turk Juvenile and Manny Fresh. Let's take a listen to Turk. 'cause what I learned was that Little Wayne was the one who made the phone calls to put it all together. Let's take a listen. I'm more happy than the fans, I believe You feel me? Yeah. Yeah. Was it emotional for you when it finally came together? What was the moment? 'cause Juvenile said that Wayne was like the connecting piece. Like everybody listens to him.


Right? Yeah. So was it a call from Wayne? Like what brought it all back? A call from Wayne. Yeah. What Was that Like? A call from Wayne. They were like me, you calling me, you feel me? It was like a God answer prayer You. know what I'm saying? You know sometimes you have a lot of adversity. You have a lot of people trying to stop things from going forward. You know just to get that right energy to finally come You. know what I'm saying? Man, Weezy You know. He, it is God. God worked through wheezy and what y'all gonna see tonight is nothing but God. I'm glad. Done. Yeah. Yeah. Wayne the only one who could have bought it together because he's the one in the position of power. Like that's, that's Wayne You know. Yeah. They, they, they said by the year 2000, Wayne was gonna tear this game up. And he did that. So now You know what, let me come back and bring it all back together.


And we also too, for time's sake, I didn't throw this in there, but I wanted to mention it too. When I was talking to Bg And, I was asking him like, man, when you were locked up, did you, did you think that this would be like happening? Like I know that you watching him and they're doing well. Wayne's doing well. Baby's still doing well, but did you think that you'll be here right now and this would be happening? And he said to me, he was like, honestly, I felt buried alive when I was there. Mm. Like, 'cause everything just kind of stops and people are moving. So you don't really know what will happen. When BG came out on that stage, y'all the, I literally just stopped and started recording the crowd. He didn't even have to sing. Mm. The way that they like received him, I was like, wow. Like these, this, they, they mean so much to us. They grew up with him in New Orleans. Yes.


They grew up with Him. Yes. We also talked to Manny Fresh, because remember Manny Fresh was up here at The. Breakfast Club with Juvenile And I asked them with the, we get the reunion. They were like, oh, we gotta have the conversations. Come to find out, they knew the whole time it was gonna go down. I second listen. Last time I saw you Breakfast Club, we were trying to figure out if this would happen. Now we are here. Yeah. I told y'all speaking into existence, it's gonna happen. Oh man. You Already knew it was happening though. Yay. Okay. You know. Did You know then months ago that this was gonna happen? Yeah, the first half of the deposit got. Oh, okay. So with my bank account, money Bank came through. Yeah. I got the first half of it without, before I talked to y'all. Right, right. So I was like, it's going down That so Well I thought that that was lit too.


'cause it was like, okay, it's been months in the making. Rob And I mentioned that too. He was like, no, Wayne's been working on this. Like he been wanted this to happen. Now when they, I also too, you guys heard Mouse Jones in that audio? Shout out to Mouse Jones and Wao. They hosted the pre show with me Duo my guys. Now when they came out on stage, 'cause Wayne had did like a metal, a melody of songs and then he brought them out. Manny Fresh actually came out and brought them out. Let's take a listen to that. They did. Hot Boys. That was the first song. They came on stage too. Y'all got everybody separate.


Yeah. So he was like, y'all had everybody separate. 'cause Wayne did it. Wayne did his songs. BG did his songs. Turk did some songs. Juvenile did some songs. And then they brought everybody out. They did Hot Girl. Baby Kane Baby was there as well too on stage with them. They did back that. Can I back that back That Ass Up. Oh, back that Ass Up. I know. I can say that word. They did a a bunch of different songs and then when they ended it, Wayne was like, man, You know I'm so happy to be here. Shout out to my brothers. But watching them on stage together, I have videos that I posted to Bro Girl Grinding. It was literally like little kids like, like Little Brothers just reuniting. And they were so happy. Happy We On Five was the perfect song for them to come out to because they all go back and forth. You know what I'm saying? And that's when there's one video they all do doing that Four Ball and come back and forth. Like that's the perfect song for to come Out.


There's one, one video. I had that literally on the front of the stage. And like Wayne's Hopp in front of bg, then Bg Hops then Turk like, it, it was just, I, I was like, that's dope man. You felt the love from the stage. And even in talking to them, I felt the love. Now there was one point toward the end of the show 'cause Wayne was honored. He was given a key to the city. And then Master P came out on stage, which I also thought was dope. Knowing the history between No Limit and Cash Money and the Hot Boys and all that. And Master P was telling people like Wayne is gonna be the first person in New Orleans to receive a star on the New Orleans Walk of Fame on Canal Street. And they gave him the key to the city. But then Wayne had You know something to say about the whole Super Bowl conversation. Let's take a listen to that. During My lifetime, the first Super Bowl was here. I made sure I bought tickets at the beginning of the season.


I did the same. When I moved to Miami, And I was wishing my team make it. And guess who made it that year? The Mother Saints. I was able to give my mama that sweet. She was able to bring my family and other people from New Orleans. And they had a ball. That moment. I said to myself, I want to be on stage for the Super Bowl one day in front of my mom. And I worked my s off to get that position and it was ripped away from me. But this moment right here, They can't take That man. They can't take that from me.


So everybody of course You know the word ripped away from me. Yeah. And then you play Mr. Carter after they're like, oh, these are shots at Jay-Z Again, reigniting that whole conversation. And I will say, I do wonder was was Wayne promised something? That's that's what I want to know because he's taught, he, he's as very entitled or he was promised something. I would like to know which one it is. Well, He had a conversation I thought after I seen the interview he did after I thought, and he was in the dressing room and he was talking about that he, I guess felt like it was his already. Well that's what I mean. Was it a sense of entitlement or was he promised something? I don't know. I would like to know. But when I heard that I, I had actually went backstage. 'cause this was after like he did more songs after the reunion happened. Right. And I was like, y'all need to take a break. When Backstage we watched it on the monitors.


When I heard ripped Away from Me, I said, oh Wayne, it's starting a fire again. Mm. He's starting a fire again. But it was, it was a really, really great night. And I know, you said that you saw some people asking about why Drake wasn't there. I didn't feel like Drake needed to be there. I See. Yeah. I seen Jermaine Dupree said, You know he's a hip hop lover. He felt like Drake missed a moment. But I Disagree With Jam Jamaica. Drake said it was a, it was a a a, a reunion that it would've been, it had nothing to do with him. Yeah. It would've been really weird. Not weird, like awkward if Drake was there. No, no. Like no shade because he just didn't fit. Like Yeah, that's what he said. He said it was a hot boy reunion was there last year. But he was like, even Y Y'all don't realize how long Little Wayne has been around. Little Wayne's been around since like 97, 98 when him and BG was doing the baby gangster projects together. Yeah, baby. So that Hot Boys thing has nothing to do with Drake.


Yeah. It has nothing to Do with young money. Even Manny Fresh. Right. Who You know has produced a lot of those songs. Yep. A lot of the show, Manny Fresh even took a step back and let them have, like when they was doing that bar for bar going back and forth, Manny Fresh step back, he just let them go. So Drake being there would've been really like out play. It didn't make sense. It would've made Sense. 49 was like, I know my audience is different than Wayne's. I'm just here to support You. know what I mean? Yeah. It was really their moment. And y'all, when I tell you that sold out crowd, that was a real sold out crowd And Drake was having his own moment in Toronto. Yeah. That was the first time that a, the Toronto Raptors retired a jersey ever. Yes. It was Vince Carter. So he, he, he, he wanted to be there for his people. That's right. And be there to, to throw some salt at ro. I guess We gonna get into It. Alright, well that was just with the mess.


Now Charlamagne, who you giving your donker too? We need Donald Trump to come to the front of the congregation. We'd like to have a word with him. Alright, we'll get into that. Next. It's The Breakfast Club. Good morning The Breakfast Club. Your mornings will never be the same. Donald J. Trump is calling for a total and complete shutdown of Muslims entering the United States. Wouldn't you love to see one of these NFL owners when somebody disrespects our flag to say, get that son of a bitch off the field right now out. He's fired. He's fired. Please step up to the congregation. Yes you are against Trump. When Mexico sends its people, they're not sending their best.


They're bringing drugs. They're bringing crime. They're rapists. These is a jackass. Hey man, I'm just here to piss mag off donkey today for Monday, November 4th goes to the 45th president of United States of America. Donald J. Trump. Tomorrow is election day and You know I will never lie to you and tell you that who you vote for will solve all your problems. That is just not true. That is just not accurate. But who you vote for can make your life a little bit better or it can make it a lot worse. And I don't know about y'all, but I'm tired of the country flirting with fascism. Okay? We at some point have to realize the nuclear weapons that we are playing with. I started to say fire, but we not playing with fire. We playing with something a lot worse. And I don't understand why so many of us can't see how this man Donald Trump just continues to play in our face.


I will never understand why Republicans chose this man to represent them. Again, it's mind boggling to me. I mean damn near any conservative could have represented the GOP better than this. But instead they continue to prop up the most divisive president in American history. I really have asked myself, what is God trying to show America through Donald J. Trump? And I really believe in my heart of hearts that he is just a reflection of so many people in systems in this country. Just a whole outdated way of thinking altogether. It is my so belief that Donald J. Trump is the Frankenstein monster of white supremacy. Okay? White people don't even know what to do with Trump. This is what happens when that privilege and power goes unchecked. It eventually cannibalizes cannibalizes the very system that created it.


Okay? That's another story. Let's get back to why Trump is getting donkey today to today. Okay? Over the weekend he made a couple of statements that would be disqualifying for anyone else but not Trump. By the way, don don't even know what disqualifying means anymore. 'cause there is no real qualifications to be president. And Trump has shown me there is nothing you can do to not be able to run for president either. But this weekend Trump said two things. First one, when folks like myself would say, if people, when folks like myself would say what he said, people would say, I was overreacting. And I was talking crazy. But I always said, Trump isn't leaving the White House. If he loses in 2020, he damn sure tried not to leave by leading an attempted co of this country.


But this weekend he said the quiet part out loud. Let's listen On the last Sunday rally before election day, We had the safest border in the history of our country. The day that I left, I shouldn't have left. Former president Donald Trump told a crowd of supporters that he shouldn't have left the White House after the 2020 election and took an aggressive jab at the media while describing the protective glass around his podium on stage. And, I have this piece of glass here. But all we have really over here is the fake news. Right? And to get me, somebody would have to shoot through the fake news.


And. I. Don't mind that so much because I don't Mind Trump's campaign. Quickly put out a statement after the Lancaster rally saying in part the president's comments weren't about the press, but instead about his own personal safety. In light of two assassination attempts against him earlier this year, Lot to unpack their Eddie isolate the second part for me about the media. I want to come back to that. I wanna talk about the first part of what he said. Now maybe he meant he shouldn't have left as in voters shouldn't have voted him out. But when you look at the fact he tried to stage an attempted coup on January 6th, 2021. And you look at the fact now that he's projecting and by projecting saying how Democrats are going to steal the election, even though the only people currently doing everything they can to suppress the vote, is the Republicans alright?


They are already a purging voters and trying to restrict the 2024 US election vote in Georgia. They are suing to block hand, returned mail ballots. They just lost two back to back lawsuits in North Carolina and Pennsylvania. Republicans were challenging voter registration procedures. They are the ones trying to manipulate the election. But we will get to that after Tuesday because it's going to be a lot of that after Tuesday. Trust me. Because Donald Trump is not going to accept the results of this year's election. Just like he didn't accept them in 2020. It's just this time it'll be a lot worse. But I will say nobody will ever deprive the American people of the right to vote except the American people themselves. And the only way they could do this is by not voting You know who said that?


FDR. Okay. Now the other reason Trump is getting donkey today is simply because he said he doesn't mind reporters getting shot at. You just heard it. The man has already said he wants to jail journalists. He's suing CBS right now for $10 billion. The man once sued Bill Maher in 2022 at a rally. He said that if reporters don't reveal their sources, he will put them in prison until they do. And now he said he don't mind if reporters get shot at. Listen, I have a piece of glass over here. And Don don't have a piece at last there And I have this piece at last here.


But all we have really over here is the fake news. Right? And to get me, somebody would have to shoot through the fake news. And I. Don't mind that so much because I don't mind. I don't mind that. And Trump's campaign spokesperson said the president's comments weren't about the press, but instead about his own personal safety. In light of his two assassination attempts, the president's statement about protective glass placement has nothing to do with the media being harmed or anything else. It was about threats against him that was spurred on by a dangerous rhetoric from Democrats.


President Trump was stating that the media was in danger and that they were protecting him and therefore were in great danger themselves and should have had a glass protective shield. Also, the man said to get to me, they would've to shoot through the press, but I don't mind that. Right? But yet his campaign said he was stating that the media was in danger. Yeah, they in danger because you putting them in danger by encouraging people to shoot through them if they wanna shoot at you. This is the type of playing in our face that I'm over. Okay? Nothing to see here folks. I'm tired of flirting with fascism doing this dance with authoritarian rule. Y'all not tired. We keep talking about all this violent, divisive rhetoric coming from politicians, but it's only coming from one person.


And then you have everybody telling the truth about that one person. Now my favorite thing about these comments is how Trump supporters right now. Right now, they listening to me. They are playing games of Twister by themselves trying to justify why he said what he said. That's why I'm not talking to them. Okay? I wanna talk to us what we doing tomorrow. Abraham Lincoln once said, elections belong to the people. It's their decision. Sadly, it's up to us to stop all of this. Okay? Personally, don, don't think you stopped dictatorship through votes. But since Merrick Garland and the DOJ didn't do what they were supposed to do a long time ago, here we are. Okay. Naomi Klein once said, democracy is not just the right to vote. It is the right to live in dignity.


Tomorrow we get to show The World. If we are indeed a dignified country are not. Please give Donald Trump the biggest hee-haw. We shall see. This is the same thing he did with January 6th. He said all that stuff and it was like, I don't know why that happened. I didn't say it like that. It's unbelievable. And then people died and then The man literally said he wouldn't mind if people shot through the reporters to get to him. And then his campaign people said, well, that's not what he said. I guess if we didn't hear what he actually said. Right? All right, well thank you for that donkey today. Yes ma'am. Now when we come back, Nancy Mace will be joining us.


US representative for South Carolina. That's right. And we'll talk to her. Next. It's The. Breakfast. Club. Good morning The. Breakfast Club. Morning everybody. It's DEJ nv Jess, hilarious Charlemagne guy. We are The Breakfast Club. Jess is on maternity leave so long La Rosa is filling in and we have a special guest in the building. We have Nancy Mace. Welcome and thank You for having me. Great to be here. Finally, What's happening? Nancy You know me and Nancy went to high school together. I think I've heard you. She looks so much younger than you. I wish all man in high school that you remember. Was he a bully? Don? No. Don don't. don don't know if we knew each other. He was only there for a few months. But, but we dropped out of the same high school the same year. And our moms taught school together.


And well, She dropped out. I I got kicked out. You Got kicked out. Kicked out. Right. They came and arrested me. Took you. Why Do you drop out? I, I had been raped by a classmate of mine at 16 And I. Just sorry. It not your fault. It happens a lot. And I just decided I couldn't go back to school at that point. I'd kind of given up on, on myself and my parents. Mom was a school teacher. My dad is retired Army and he, they were like, if you're gonna stop going to school, you have to start going to work. don don't know what your parents said to you, but mine were like, go get a job. I got a job at the Waffle House in College Park Road and Latson exit 2 0 3 And I was a Waffle House waitress for a couple months when I decided maybe I wanted to get my high school diploma and not be a Waffle House waitress the rest of my life.


So How'd you go from Waffle House to being a US Congress representative for South Carolina? Oh, it's great story. I Love, hear. Well, I had, I had it's steps and it's also You know God's hand in some ways. Divine intervention. You talk about that a lot. But I would eventually go to college. And I went to the Citadel, the Military College of South Carolina. It's a place where my dad went. There had been no women there. And 154 years And I was the first, when I applied, I was the first class of women to go there. Wow. I ended up graduating the first woman from the Citadel 25 years ago this year Feeling, I'm feeling my age, feeling kind of old. And then the rest is sort of history. And I started my own company in 2008. I did a little entrepreneurial work and then I ran for State House in 2017, 2018.


I won. I was served for three years. And then this seat, I won it from a Democrat in 2020. I flipped the seat, The, the post and co asked the question that a lot of people ask, what, what side is an Nancy Mace on? Because you challenge Republicans a lot, but then you vote You know a lot. Well, Actually, and And, I, And I. I wrote that Op-ed. 'cause I want people to ask the question and then answer it. I'm actually the, of all 4 35 members of the house, I'm the 22nd most bipartisan. So I'm like almost top 20 most bipartisan. Yet I get, I get pilled in the press by certain media outlets that I'm a raging partisan. Am I conservative on most issues?


Yes. But there, and there are a lot of issues where I'm maybe to the, the left or socially moderate on, I do a lot of civil rights work. I do a lot of work for women because I'm a survivor of rape. I've been through domestic abuse. Mm. And I know how terrible our laws are at the federal and the state level. But I've worked a lot, Ana you've, you talked to him earlier again, Roe And I do a lot of tech and cybersecurity computing type of legislation together. But that's not, it's not sexy. It's not clickbait. It doesn't get you likes when you're on X or views when you're on Instagram. It's not the sexy thing that the media likes to talk about is when we get along, there's, they like divisiveness. It pays ads. I mean that sort of thing. But I'm actually been really effective in working with both sides of the aisle.


But I also call them out Republicans and Democrats alike. Or the reason that that things cost so much with inflation. How do you deal with like, because with your You know the experience that you had with being a survivor of rape, I know that like you do get a lot of pushback because you're pro-life and you have a pro-life voting record. But you push back on other like exceptions, like for abortion when that conversation happens on the Republican side. That must be a lonely place to be. It's Very, I will tell you, it's, It's a little confusing for some people too. Probably. I have no friends in Washington. It is an extremely lonely experience when you're calling out both sides, or even when you call it members of your own party.


There's so much middle ground and there's so much we can do for women together. And yet neither party wants to do it. Like when I, and you see it on both sides of the aisle. They just use it as a political wedge. But what have we done for women? What have we done substantively for women in the last couple of years? I would argue very little. And so I've been fighting really hard. I have bills that would address domestic violence, rape, incest, voyeurism, revenge porn. A a a lot of issues. IVF contraception, birth control. I have a whole portfolio that I've focused on that I, that I believe both sides can agree on. 'cause we're not doing enough. We're just further dividing ourselves by having these arguments. When there's 95% of the things, even when you talk about abortion, I'm pro-life, but I have a 15 to 20 week second trimester limit.


At some point, you gotta say, this is an infant that deserves life. Most people don't want abortion in the third trimester, but all of us think first or second trimesters, there's, even if you're pro-choice, you're likely, you likely have limitations around the second trimester too. And so I just believe there's a lot of common ground and we're not having those conversations. You are a Trump supporter. I Voted for him. Why? Oh, well, I mean, in my party, the, the man who has been leaning on women's issues on the forefront has been Trump. So for the first time in our party's history, we, he added to our party platform this summer at the Republican convention IVF that we wanna protect IVF, that we wanna protect women who are victims of rape, victims of incest.


The exceptions that I just spoke about. No one else has done that before. He put in the pla party platform. We wanna protect contraception and contraceptive access. Those are things that had never been done before. And so for me as a woman, like I, I have someone that I go to, I, I bend to zero on women's issues because that's really the thing that I'm been harping on the last couple of years are women's rights balancing the, the, the pro-life with pro-woman. I think you can do both. Does he listen, I I heard people say, oh, I heard you say that he listens to you when It comes to women's rights. I, yeah, I feel like he does listen to me. And then he's taken steps to put those things in the party platform despite people saying, well maybe we don't wanna do that. He did it anyway. And I think it's really important that we have someone that isn't beholden to other organizations or big money that he does what he believes is right.


Even if you disagree with him. I think we can all agree he's not really beholden to any one person. He's doing what he thinks is the right thing to do. He Might be beholden to Putin. I Don't don don't know about that. Nobody wants Russia to win And. I just, I don't want Russia to win and I'm a Republican. I think it's, the idea is that pour you have this trifecta now with Russia, Iran, and China. China, it, it, and it's very dangerous. Very dangerous. We've got a stem that tide and break that up. At some point it's gonna become a real problem globally. Now the narrative has been as, as, as Donald Trump is racist. They believe he's a fascist. What's, what's your thoughts on all of that? I don't believe so. So I've done a lot of civil rights work. So I had a bill signed into law when I was a state lawmaker.


It was a prison reform bill for women. And I modeled it after the first step act that Trump signed into law prison reform bill in December of 2018. And it was bipartisan. And when you look at the impact of that, it, it's, it's improved the lives of 90% of the individuals that has helped improve were black Americans. So question, if Vice President Kamala Harris wins, right? And she wants to legalize marijuana, would Republicans in Congress vote for it? Or would they say no because it's a Democratic president? I don't think it matters. I mean, there are some of us, not all Republicans are for it. I actually have a bill that would be federal reform. It's, it's descheduling. And in order to do cannabis, you have reschedulings. Okay? For now. But you have to deschedule it and decriminalize it.


And, and and at any rate, so I have a a bill for that. It doesn't matter who's president. If I can, if that can become law, I would support it. But not every Republican supports cannabis. There are fewer of us that do. I'm one of them that does. But I've, I've worked with both sides on cannabis. I've worked with both sides on issues related to mass violence, for example, women's issues. There is a lot of common ground. But you have to have the courage to actually raise your hand and say, we're gonna do this work no matter, even if it costs me my next race, we need to do it because it's right for the people. And there's just not a lot of that in Washington. All right. We got more with Nancy Mace when we come back. She's the US representative for South Carolina. It's The. Breakfast Club. Good morning. Morning everybody. It's DJ NV Jess.


Hilarious Charlamagne ne guy. We are The Breakfast Club. We're still kicking it with Nancy Mace, US representative for South Carolina. Charlamagne. Talk to us about this bipartisan border bill that Republicans and Democrats agreed upon the, it was supposed in the Senate supposed to be signed in the Senate and then Trump said, no, don't do it. Why didn't that get done? Well, it did. It never passed outta the Senate. And so I did, I did to that bill. We never voted on it in the house. The house actually sent over a HR to, which was a, a conservative border security bill in May of last year. That bill came through the Senate, but it never passed the Senate. So it never even got to the house. So in that particular Bill And I, I read it with my staff, like the debt ceiling bill. There were good ideas in the debt ceiling bill. But on the next page you would see, oh, there's the loophole that totally skirts around the good idea that Bill was the same way.


So it was essentially, when you read it, there would be a good idea on page one. But then on page two there was a loophole that would give Secretary Mayorkas, for example, carte blanche to do whatever he wanted. There were loopholes on every other page. And so it really wasn't worth the paper it was printed on wasn't gonna do what it was intended. And my problem is the lack of honesty, the lack of of integrity, and the lack of truth. Just tell the people the truth and then they can decide for themselves if, if that bill really is what you say it is. 'cause oftentimes it's not. What Washington likes to do too is they'll title a bill. Oh, this is rainbows and unicorns for all people. And then you read it has nothing to do with rainbows and unicorns. Right? And so there's just a lot of, I think performance and magic You know.


It's just, it's not what it is With the performances, like in politics that you're talking about. Right. So like how does it work with you? Like a, so for instance, if Kamala Harris is elected president and you have to work with her, there has been times like the CNN moment where you've like, you got in trouble for saying her name wrong. And people were upset about that. And then Kamala doesn't know what a woman is. Those remarks, how do you then sit with her? Like, do you guys have conversations behind closed doors first to get all that out the way so that you can, can work together? Or does that not even come up? Like how do you remove the performance that happens? Yeah. So I'm always willing to work with anyone who's willing to work with me. And oftentimes if staff are open to working together, like I have a rule in my office that we don't block anything. If someone wants to do business with us, if someone wants to work with us regardless of party or political affiliation, we will do it.


I mean, I have sponsored bills with progressives. I've sponsored bills with people on the Freedom Caucus. So all the folks, but And I mean in that particular instance, I, I felt like I was being ganged up on on air. A lot of people haven't been able to say her name, right? 'cause her name wasn't been in the news every day. I know how to say it now. It's Kamala, I've got it down, I've got it right. Got it girl, go ahead. But one of my issues too was, was being ganged up on, as a woman live on air and then the hypocrisy during the commercial breaks of, Hey, can I grab a selfie? And You know, I, I don't mind it. We'll have the colloquial on air and you do whatever you wanna do. But then behind the scenes, You know, send me a kissy emoji. Tell me how gorgeous I am. Tell me we look good together and all that whole thing. 'cause it was just kind of an act.


And so it's like, I'm just gonna call it for what it is. I was probably the first person in Congress that entered into the congressional record at text with a kissy emoji for the Right thing. I don think it was a mispronunciation. It was when you said, I'll say her name however I want to, I can say it however I want to. And I was like, Nancy had a drink. I did not. I thought to myself, I did not. But You know, during the commercial breaks, You know how it is. You're taping and you're doing this. And it was just the hypocrisy was what was gr grading me. 'cause behind the scenes on commercial break begging for the, the selfie picture, You know, hitting on me, all that stuff. And I was like, okay, this is, oh, So that happened and then y'all came back? Yes. Oh yes. It was all going on at the same time. And so that's why I was just like, okay, it's not okay to label somebody and gang up on them in public, but then have a completely different position in private.


I I don't like hypocrisy. And I don't like people who aren't being honest. Talk about the, the, the Violence Against Women Reauthorization Act. 'cause some people say You know you, you say you're a champion of women, but you voted against that. Yeah, well, I, I voted for a clean reauthorization. So the first one that came through had some, I believe like red flag laws that they were putting into it. And I think we have to balance constitutional Second Amendment rights with violence against women. And so I voted for a clean reauthorization of that bill. And in fact, I've gone back since then because when I dove into, I just got through a domestic abusive relationship, there was domestic violence. And I went through the system.


And I was like, wow, this is how women are treated. And I learned about the Violence Against Women Act, what it did to protect victims' rights and also what our state does to protect victims' rights. And I realized there's even more we can do. So since that time I've created legislation. One in particular, there's a revenge porn, civil tort with when the Violence Against Women Act, but it's only civil That in there revenge porn. Yeah, it's civil, it's civil, not criminal. Oh. So it didn't make it a crime at the federal level. So I have a bill that would fix that. There's a civil tort that would allow you to have a civil right of action for revenge porn at 150,000. So I have a bill that would increase it to 500,000. There is nothing in there about voyeurism. So I have a bill voyeurism is when you record someone without their knowledge or consent or permission and intimate way.


So I've gone back and I'm doing things to strengthen, to actually strengthen it. Now that I've learned so much about how victims' rights are and are not protected. And what it does and does not include And, I like to do small bills that will make a big difference. A lot of times people will do really large comprehensive bills and they'll put things in there that people can't agree to. I like smaller bills that are up and down. So these are all different pieces of legislation that will hopefully get an up or down vote. And if you disagree on something, you have a chance to, to say, no, I don't like these big Christmas tree bills, but let's do one thing at a time and, and make, have small parts, small bills make a really big difference. And when you do these massive bills, things get snuck in and and you're like, what did we just pay for?


Mm. You know. Why did we do that though? I, I don't know. We have these, we have these giant You know spending bills, these continuing resolutions or omnibuses that DC will manufacture some sort of crisis. Everyone's gonna shut down. If We don't do this. And so then they have these giant spending bills and all of a sudden you realize your tax dollars are going to pay for trans kid clothing. I mean things that you most people would not wanna want, would not wanna agree with. Or You know these, this is what happened last year. It's just what did we just spend money on? I voted for gay marriage twice. But I don't think you should be spending federal government money on just gay nursing homes. I think all nursing homes. Right? Why are we just spec specifying I thing gay nursing homes. Yeah, There was a million dollars last year.


I mean, I didn't know there was a thing. There were gay nursing homes apparently. But you ever, ever Watch what y'all say, they gonna use y'all in another ad. I don, I don't want, I don't want tax ad, I don't want tax dollars paying to incentivize illegal immigration. I mean there's just You know, there's just things that I think common sense wise, we don't need to be paying for. Government doesn't need be, be paying for sex change surgery. I mean just those things will get stuffed in there if you don't read the fine print. And that's why I vote against almost all of the fine print when it comes to the big spending bills because they're just ridiculous things in there that you And I. Both sides would say the average bear would be like the average person be like, why are we doing this? Why do we vote for that? So tomorrow's election day. So what, what's your message to people? We're asking people to get out and have their voices heard and to vote.


And we need as many people to come out and vote on election day. It's your right as a citizen and we wanna make sure that your voices are heard. The polls open at 7:00 AM and close at 7:00 PM in South Carolina. Okay. All right. Good luck. Thank you Nancy Mace, ladies and gentlemen. And we appreciate you for joining us. Thank you so much. Thank you for having me. And it's The Breakfast. Club. Good morning The. Breakfast Club. Morning everybody. It's Steve j Envy. Jess hilarious. Charlemagne the guy. We are The Breakfast. Club. Let's get to Jess with the Mess with Lauren LaRosa. Real Jessica Robin Moore just don't do no lying. She Don't nobody Bro. Jess worldwide mess on The.


Breakfast Club. She's the coaches. Lauren, Lauren A. Bass, And, I got the mess. Talk, talk To me. So over the weekend the Raptors played, the Kings and Drake and Chubs were there for the game. And there was a ton of video that went viral from this game because Drake and Chubs were on the side. Chubs for those who do not know as Drake's like right. Hammond, he's a part of OVO. Yep. They were on the sidelines of the game. And there's a point, there's two points. So the first video that went viral was Drake just standing on the sideline. And the way that him and Chubbs were looking at der Rosen as he walked by, people were like, oh, there's shade, there's tension. And then there's another video that fans pointed out where you can see Drake's lips say something and fans are saying that he said the P word.


I can't say that right? No, yeah, the P word. Well pretty. No, wasn't that, I mean they can be pretty, but that's not what the P word I'm talking about. Cat, Pussy cat. There you go. Gotcha. Yep. That he said that toward De Rosen. Now at, at first you're like assuming maybe this is happening and then it then it was very direct. So Drake began to do some sideline commentary. Let's take a listen to what he went down. Don't get me fired up tonight. I don got lie. Shout to Vince Carter. Man, I don't think people understand that's our first retired number. Unfortunately we're playing this goof tonight, but it is what it is. You know what I mean? Speaking of national treasure. Yes. If you ever put a a de Rosen banner up, I'll go up there and pull it down myself. That's the answer question.


Is that what gonna ask? No. Oh, I didn't mention that. Well You know and Kyle. Yeah, well shout out to Kyle and Sta the statues are next. Well yeah, they are. I'm Drake. Thank you for joining us. Oh, they're cut Court quarter. I'm getting cut. You're not, you not. What is Drake mad about? The fact DeMar Dero was in the not like us video and he got a mention on the not like us record. That's what the streets is saying. Okay, now that's corny, I assume. Now listen, now listen, I think Drake was joking there. I I I think that's sarcasm. I think he was joking and playing. I mean even though Drake do be trolling legendary at these games and all that. Yeah. You know what type of troll that's going to be and how that's gonna be picked up and received if you do it. So I think he knew that. He know. Yeah. So if You know that, then that was not a T You stir The potm sitting, sitting here joking, Laughing.


You say that you stirring the pot. So what about all the ice grilling and calling him the P word when he walked by. Do you think Drake was gonna fight him? I ain't ask you that said about think i I said what about the ice grilling And I think the whole thing was trolling and, and the, the, the calling him the P word. You think all of that was trolling? Well, we Don't know if he called the P word. You got people that said they, they read his lips and that's what his they Said that's said it looked like it when I saw it. I don know now. No. Okay, so the Rosen was asked about this and he responded, let's take a listen. Tonight's broadcast said if you ever put up the Rosen Vanner up, I'll go up there and put it down myself. What's your action with that? Well he gotta, he gonna have a long way to climb to take it down. So tell him good luck Now Go ahead. I was just gonna say You know if Drake was trolling. It just shows how much of a poor decision maker he is.


Because the reality is the reason he's really, really, really, really lost his battle is because of the way he's handled everything after the fact. He shows that it's bothering him. So even if you're trolling, you're still showing that you're bothered. And when the Rosen was here, we asked him about it and he said, You know Kendrick is hometown, but I mean Drake is cool. Like he was, yeah, Drake is cool, Kendrick is hometown. Let's take a listen Now you played in Toronto for years, but then Kendrick's from Compton, Drake is from Toronto. That's your guy. How do you, how do you choose what you're gonna get into and what you're not gonna get into at that point? Love 'em both. But at the end of the day, it's like I'm, I'm from Compton, like my city where I'm from, where I'm born, like when my family still live, it's like that comes first before anything.


Any real person will understand that You know and that's just what it is. Have you spoke to Drake? No, I haven't talked to him. I haven't talked to him. You ain't send him a tech to be like you good blocked him. Nothing. You good? Don't Send him no football mode. Listen. Oh Super Bowl. Oh you listen. I'm, it's dope. Regardless of how everybody look at it, I think it's dope. Go back to the Compton thing. To see somebody from Compton headline the Super Bowl. I need a source co close to Beige Men Envy. Yes. All of this. Is it really this serious don Don't I? It's music. I don don't know. I didn't, is it really this deep? I didn't speak to the saucers about that. But the Rosen, you Are the source. But the Rosens baby, the Rosens probably his jersey's gonna get retired in in Toronto. Like let's be honest, he played there nine season. He's an all time leading scorer for the tame.


So he's, his jersey's gonna get retired there Re regardless of any of that, I'm just saying is all of this worth like the, we heard about the unfollowing on the Instagram, now he's on the sidelines and they ice grilling and he's jokingly whatever I don Know these people's relationships. I have no idea. I Just don't think it Why You said a man trolling. You were talking to Say T seem like he was trolling to me. Troll president of The committee 10 minutes ago he called him a goof. Now you wanna step down. No Handshakes, no hugs, no nothing. They was ice grilling. He was bird on above the rim Like they was laughing. I don't know their relationships. I don I don Dunno. I wanna see if Chubbs really crashed up. That's dope. One. No, You don't wanna see that. Stop that. Who do Not wanna see That? You wanna see that? No we don't. We don't wanna see that salute Ovia. We don't wanna see that.


But I'll tell you this man, Drake has handled this all wrong. Okay? The fact that he just always seems so bothered. I've never seen a disc record get in somebody's spirit the way that not like us and all of this stuff has gotten in Drake's Spirit. But you never seen a disc record as big. No, I haven't. That's the reason Why I really just thought it was Shit. Kendrick gonna win a Grammy for it. Kendrick gonna win a Grammy for not like us and euphoria. Then you gonna turn around the very next week and do the Super Bowl You know what I think we would need to know? We, I need to understand how deep was Drake in the Rosen's relationship? And that's what I'm saying, we don't know how close they Were versus K and Kendricks. That's something nasty for some reason. Just don don't know why It was how deep he Was in Toronto for nine years. How deep make you just, We don't know if Drake held him down.


We don't know. You know. We don't know. That's what I'm saying. We don't know how deep Close they were. How was, how deep was it? Envy don don't Know past my pay grade. don don't know. You don't get to that level of Deepness. No, not that level Grade. Don't Go past the Knuckle. Lord. Pay Only get that level of deepness with one person. Who Diddy. No, you Did. He gone. You don't go Deep. You talking about crash out. You better stop. You saw, you saw what happened to Rayer. You better relax over there like that Politico you that an hour ago you were here talking about ch to crash Out. That'd be so funny if them three little boys come and get Away. Spell Drake That Poto spell Drake. Just, Yeah. They need my seriously. Drake need to stop acting so bothered.


Like let it go. He, he really should have took the break that he said he was gonna take after he took that l That's shoulda went away for, for a year. Yo, I'm, I'm gonna climb up there, rip it down myself. You can't get on A, you can't get on a broad, not a broadcast like that. And You know you Drake in the middle of all this and say that. No, you cannot. You You know what that's going through. You already look, you already look super bothered. We know you bothered by it. And then here you come with this. No, look At you. What you doing over there? That's like the, that's you communicating to the beige people through that dance. What's happening? What the page, what's wrong with you? I, don Dunno, trying to figure out. You gonna make it rain pee whenever you see be people doing that little dance. They gonna make it rain, pee and dirty yellow colored, canary colored yard. What? What's the name of the people Drake said he needed to have?


He, he's sitting out the call for them to come. The what? Owls? No. Oh, I, I remember. You Gotta ask OO Eli Another call for them to come. There's No call for You. Like that sounded crazy too. We gotta wrap up. Like what call are you talking about? Envy? Do you dance while he do the Ooh no. That is just with the mess that when we come back, we got the people's choice. Bitch, Come on. Envy. What owls do, don't they? Oh my God, I hate this place. It's The. Breakfast Club. Good morning, The. Breakfast Club. Your mornings will never be the same Morning. Everybody. It it's DJ Envy. Jess. Hilarious. Charlamagne the guy We are The. Breakfast. Club. All the Rosa filling in for Jess.


All right, now we got a salute. Nancy Mace for joining us. U US representative for South Carolina. That's right. Salute to Nancy Mace and Salute Rohan and Ja Moore. Rohan is also the US representative for California. Ja Moore is also an elected official in South Carolina as well. Me? Oh, And I. Just wanna shout out to Amazon and Amazon music team. Thank y'all so much for bringing me to New Orleans to witness history. The Hot Boys reunion. So dope. The live stream, the pre-live stream that we did on Amazon Prime was, was lead. Shout out to Mouse Jones and Wao, my co-host for it. Oh my gosh, it was such a great time. I can't wait to join the Amazon music family again. All right, when we come back, we got the positive notice. The Breakfast. Club. Good morning. Morning everybody. It's DJ Envy.


Jess. Hilarious. Charlemagne the guy. We are The. Breakfast. Club. Lauren LaRosa. Filling in for Jess And. I got a salute. Thank you. Lauren. My son had an amazing time. He had his, went to his first professional soccer game. He had a game over the weekend where they won him right from the game. He went straight to the New York City Football Clubs playoff game. They won. Oh, they text Won Text. Me too. They text me and said, Envy's here and blah, blah, blah. Thank you. Nah, I was in New Orleans. Everything was So busy. It such a great time. So it was, it was 18,000 people in the arena. They're actually building an arena right next door. So we had a great time, man. Hopefully we get the a, a chance to go again. I know the next game is away, but hopefully the next time they in town or or they play mess, I get to take my son again.


But he had a great time. Oh, Messi was there this time. No, Messi wasn't there this time. He was there last week. And I ran into I would say what, what, what, what would I call her? A radio icon as well. A legend in that radio game. I ran into Miss Info. Min Your old I know Miss Info. Yeah. Miss Info is good with her family. So I, I ran into her so it was good to see because I don know her, but I know who she is. Min, she was like one of my, Had a good time catching up with her. So Miss Info You know, she, she pa paved the role for people like you. Lauren? Absolutely. She Was on Miss Info is on my Wall. Entertainment news reporters. I think that that is a lost journalist. Yeah. I wouldn't even call it journalism. I just think entertainment. I mean, it is journalism because she Started off with the source entertainment News reporters in particular. That's a lost, a lost art. Yeah. Like people actually doing entertainment news in a, in a substitute substative way.


Yes. Yeah. Okay. So Salute to Miss. I would've Freaked out if I saw her. Yeah. What Miss Info, are you crazy? That's the homie. Well salute to Miss Infomania. Oh, all right. Now you got a Positive note. I do, man. My positive note just goes back to Franklin d Roosevelt. It's something I said earlier during donkey today, but I really just wanna stress this since tomorrow is election day. Nobody will ever deprive the American people of the right to vote except the American people themselves. And the only way they could do this is by not voting. Have a blessed Day. Breakfast Club bitches. Y'all finish or y'all done.