
Back in 96, Atlanta was booming with excitement around hosting the Centennial Olympic games, and then a deranged zealot willing to kill for a cause lit a fuse that would change my life. And so many others forever rippling out for generations. Listen to Flashpoint on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts.


This could be the craziest podcast pairing ever. The Governor of California, Kevin Newsom and Superbowl Champ, Marshawn Beast Mode Lynch, our politician. What is Politicing even mean? There's bridging gaps with no politics Joined by their friend and agent, Doug Hendrickson. It's gonna be a wild ride. We can change The World Podcast by podcast. Listen to politician with Gavin Newsom, Marshawn Lynch, and Doug Hendrickson on America's number one podcast network. iHeart open your free iHeart app and search politicking and start listening.


In 2020, in a small California mountain town, five women disappeared. I found out what happened to all of them except one, a woman known as Dear whose estate is worth millions of dollars. I'm Lucy Sheriff. Over the past four years, I've spoken with Deer's family and friends And. I've discovered that everyone has a different version of events. Hear the story on Where's Deer? Listen on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you listen to podcasts.


Curious about queer sexuality, cruising and expanding your horizons. Hit play on the sex positive and deeply entertaining podcast, sniffy Cruising Confessions. Join hosts Gabe Gonzalez and Chris Patterson Rosso as they explore queer sex cruising relationships and culture in the new iHeartPodcasts Sniffy Cruising Confessions. Sniffy Cruising Confessions will broaden minds and help you pursue your true goals. You can listen to Sniffy Cruising Confessions, sponsored by Gilead now on the iHeartRadio app, or wherever you get your podcasts. New episodes every Thursday.


For 10 years, I've been obsessed with one of the most bizarre and audacious cons in rock and roll history. We were all facing 20 years and all that good stuff. The lead singer tried to pull off an English accent and they went on the road as the zombies. These guys are not gonna get away with it. The zombies are too popular. Listen to the true story of the fake zombies on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts.


This is a morning show for United States DJ Vy. Better known as the People's Choice. This to my light-skinned brothers out there just hilarious. Just for The World wide mask. Just don't do no lying. And Charlamagne the guy Don anything. Everybody come to The Breakfast Club. I call this the hot seat Is like being on America's front porch. Don't feel like my wrist. I never talked to me. Every time I go to the S Club, I know it gonna be like a Good man. I'm getting good morning. USA Yo yo. Yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo, yo yo, yo yo, yo yo, yo yo. Yo yo. Just hilarious is on maternity leave. Charlemagne God. Peace to the planet is Tuesday.


Yes, it's Tuesday. Good morning. She still hasn't had the baby yet, though. I was talking to her yesterday. She was walking around, walking, trying to And I. Guess, I don't know. Get things in motion. Get the baby to come, I guess. Yeah. Yes. How's she feeling though? She good? Well, no, I'm lying. You know what asked her how she was doing it. She was like, I'm good. And then she was like, You know what? I don't know why I just lied. I'm in such pain. So yeah. Any day now? Any day now. Any day. Okay. How y'all feeling out there? Man, I feel blessed Black and highly favored here for another day, man. Another day to serve our beautiful listening audience. Absolutely. We got a lot going on today. This morning. Yeah. I didn't get a lot of sleep last night. I had a You know. You know when, when you have one of those little rambunctious, rowdy kids, You know Wouldn't go to sleep.


Wouldn't go to sleep. Bad dream. It's just You know. Yeah. Having kids. Oh my God. Those are the ones that make you feel like you ain't got no patience. And then when you and you like, please go to sleep, Don Mercy and Mercy and when you leave this morning, they knocked out. They was knocked out before I left the room last night. You. know what I'm saying? You sitting there pleading with them to go to sleep. 'cause you gotta get up in the morning. That's right. But the life of a parent, it is what it is. Absolutely. Well, we have some guests joining us this morning from EYL. We have Rashad and Troy Millings, they'll be joining us. Of course. They got their Invest Fest August 23rd through the 25th in Atlanta, Georgia. Georgia. So they'll be joining us this morning. And EYL is the brothers from Earner Legia. In case you don't know what EYL means.


Yes. One of the biggest podcasts out there. One of the biggest financial literacy podcasts out there. Absolutely. And then we have Boxer Edgar Balanga. He'll be joining us. He's fighting Canelo Alvarez on September 14th at the T-Mobile Arena in Vegas. So he'll be joining us. We'll chop it up with him as well. Edgar pulled up. Canelo didn't pull up though. Nah, not this time. Not at I I saw him making round. I saw him on Sway and he's gonna be on the million dollars worth a game. He didn't pull up this this time around. Yeah. No, I didn't see him pull up, but Edgar did. Yeah, Edgar did. And AK will be joining us. Of course. That's our boxing analyst who helps us out. He'll be my my guy ak. He'll be here a little bit as well. AK and Barack You know they, they they, they, they're a duo on the zone and they call Fights on the zone. And I saw Barack with Sway yesterday.


Oh yeah. Interviewing Canelo. Oh, okay. And A is up here with us this morning interviewing Edgar Langa. Makes sense. Yes. Alright, well let's get the show cracking. Of course. We got front page news next with Morgan Woods. Don't move, it's The. Breakfast Club. Good morning. Morning everybody. It's E-J-N-V-J. Hilarious. Charlamagne the guy. We are The Breakfast Club. Let's get in some front page news. Good morning, Morgan. Good morning. And the Charlemagne Jasmine, miss you already. So yeah, let's get into it. So you guys, guys know what today is right? Do You know what today is? All eyes will be on Philadelphia today. When Vice President Kamala Harris announces her running mate, the two will hold their first, excuse me, her and her running mate will hold their first campaign rally later today in Pennsylvania, VP Harris spent the weekend interviewing prospective running mates, including Pennsylvania Governor Josh Shapiro, Minnesota Governor Tim Waltz, and Arizona Senator Mark Kelly.


Now following the Philadelphia rally today, the Democratic ticket will then kick off their campaign tour through crucial battleground states, including Wisconsin, Michigan, and Arizona. And just to note, secret service agents were spotted leaving Governor Tim Waltz's house yesterday. So we will see just Matter. Was that Secret Service agents Morgan? 'cause I saw people saying that, but he's a governor. Governor's having their own motorcade. Like when, when Governor Shapiro pulled up to the Vice President's house Sunday, it was the same thing. It was all of the black trucks and everything else. Like they have their own and their own security detail. It's true enough. You know, but You know while we're all sitting here trying to figure it out, we're all sitting here trying to figure it out.


So yes, that did happen. And which seemingly was a little bit different from, like you said, the some of the others. So we we're all on VP watch at this point. So meanwhile, on the other side of the aisle, Ohio Senator JD Vance, he is defending his place as Donald Trump's running mate. In a recent interview with Fox News Sunday Morning Futures, Vance was asked about the criticisms that he's faced as being a poor choice to be Trump's vice presidential nominee. Let's hear more from those comments from JD Vance on Fox. Look, I recognize that there are a lot of folks even in the GOP establishment. It's certainly on the far left who don't like the fact that Donald Trump picked me.


I actually take their criticism as a badge of honor. And I don't come from inside the beltway. Maria You know, I grew up as a poor kid. I didn't come from a political family or a wealthy family. I worked my way through college through the Marine Corps and eventually landed as Donald Trump's running mate. I'm not shocked that a lot of inside the Beltway media types don't like me. But their policies are the problem. Of course, they don't like me because we're running to fix what they have broken. Well, it's only a bad pick if they lose. So you don't know if it's a bad pick until after the election. Fair enough. And when he refers to inside the beltway, that's a, a Washington DC DMV type term. Basically Washington insiders, people who have been in You know the DC area, the, the, the Washington DC White House Congressional Circuit If.


you will. So Vance also argued that media will attack people they fear the most. He also plans to prosecute the case against Kamala Harris and, and show that Americans were more prosperous during Trump's time as President. Now, both JD Vance and Democratic presidential nominee Kamala Harris, they will both be in Eau Claire, Wisconsin tomorrow. Again, a battleground state. Now Harris is scheduled to pick You know with her new VP pick There's gonna make a stop in Eau Claire. And Vance is also set to deliver a speech to the faithful in Northwestern Wisconsin. Now, the dual visit is just the latest sign of how important Wisconsin is in this year's election. The latest polls do show former President Trump with a slight lead over Harris in Wisconsin.


But Trump's lead is smaller than it was over Joe Biden at that time. You know it's Impossible. I mean it's it's very impressive how they always take the language of the left and use it against him. He said he's gonna prosecute the case against Vice President Kamala Harris. That's the language they was using on Trump against Vice President. Kamala Harris is gonna prosecute the case against Trump. Yep. Exactly. So in other news, switching gears, the families of police brutality, victims and community activists are calling on reforms or calling for reforms. Rather following the recent Deadly Police involved shooting of Sonya Massey in her Illinois home. Now a rally was held over the weekend. On Saturday outside of Chicago police headquarters organizers stood in solidarity with the Massey family in a call for justice and change.


Now, the former Sund County deputy, Sean Grayson, who shot Massey, has a history of misconduct and has been fired and charged with murder amongst other charges. Now protestors also called on Congress to pass the George Floyd Justice and Policing Act, which is a proposed bill that increases accountability for law enforcement misconduct in these certain types of situations. So more, more going on with the case of Sonya Massey. Of course, we'll keep you updated in regards to what all happens and unfolds with that. Alright, well thank you. And, and the George Floyd Policing Act You know it, it won't pass if Republicans and Democrats can't get on the same page.


'cause You know it can get past the house, but You know it can't get past the Senate. Absolutely pushback from Republicans. Alright, we'll see you next hour, Morgan. Yes. We'll talk about the courts. Alright, and everybody else get it off your chest. 805 8 5 1 0 5 1 If. you need to vent. Phone lines are wide open. (800) 585-1051. It's The Breakfast Club. Good morning The. Breakfast Club. Is it your time to get it off your chest? Whether you're mad or blessed, I hate the way that you walk away, that you talk. I hate the way you dress. Everything with me is best. Call up next. Eight five eight five one oh five one. Not just me, I'm with the coach of Phil.


Hello. Who's this? This is James over here from Broward County. Man. Deerfield Beach, Florida. James with up Florida. Get it off your chest. What's going on man? How I feel? Man, I wanna get rid of all that hate in the workplace, man. You. know what I'm saying? See, I'm a, I'm a natural hard worker. So anytime I get to a job I excel real fast because I learn fast. And I work hard. You got people, they teach you the ropes. You got people like sideways trainers. They'll teach you the ropes and don't expect you to get it. So I I just get tired of that. Like If you If you feel some kind way. Get like me You. know what I'm saying? Don't work hard as me. Yeah. But they gonna keep hating on you, my brother.


As long as you keep lapping them. Yep. And outperforming them naturally what you do naturally. They gotta work hard to do. They gonna hate on you for that brother. Yeah, I know. They say you ain't nothing If. you ain't got haters. That is a fact. There you go. I just feel Like, I just feel like it shouldn't be like that. Especially and then it'd be people of the same color. That'd be the one, the main one. Yeah. I mean I think it goes both ways. You know what I'm saying? You have people that hate on you 'cause they jealous and envious of you and you got people that hate on you. 'cause you a terrible person. Alright. Might be somewhere in the middle. That's right. Well keep working hard, brother. Alright, thank you. Don't let the Raiders affect you. Hello. Who's this? Hi, it's Larissa. Hey Larissa. Get it off your chest.


Hi. I just wanna thank Charlamagne and God for sharing my book review on your stories yesterday. Oh, thank you for the book review. I appreciate that you did a, a, a book review on my new book. Get Honest A Die Line. I really appreciate that. I appreciate when people take the time to do that. That means a lot. Of course, of course. I'm a huge follower. And I. Just wanna thank you for always coming back to Atlanta and I'm not even a podcaster, but every time you're in Atlanta, we come see you. So just thank you for being you. Absolutely. Our generation publishing, her name is Larisha Harris. So, so thank You Isha. That's right. And. I. I'd like to send you my books too if I can have a chance. Yeah, hold on. We'll put you on hold in that and we'll give you the address and everything. Perfect. Thanks. Thank you Mandy. Hold On. Don't hang up on her either. I did not put on hold. I sent her Make sure you get Tisha's information.


I'm gonna, I'm gonna send her some autograph books. Like got people that take the time to do stuff like that. You don't gotta take the time to do a book review. I appreciate that. Hello, who's this Deante in Dallas, Texas. Hey, Deante from Dallas. Hey, what's up? Good morning. Get it off your chest Man. Y'all, we need to get out and vote. This is not a game. It's, it's funny on Instagram in the comments on the Shade Room, but it, this is real deal feel. You need to get out. Everybody need to register, vote Register, do gov if y'all don't know. But yeah, it, it is, it's getting real in the field. People are really like crazy. I, I don't Know. Gimme more, gimme more. I, I I I do agree with you. Everybody should You know exercise their right to vote. But, but why do you feel that way?


Why do you feel so passionate about that? Well, I just feel passionate because look at what Trump is for and he's sitting in our face playing like, and don't get me wrong, I, I, Camilla got her You know False and You know Biden You know the last four years ain't did too much. So it's hard to believe that she made it not do too much, but she better than Trump. Okay. Alright. You know, like it's a better choice than truth. Well, I'm with you. People need to get out there and, and vote. People need to get their ass out there and vote. Don't sit on the couch. Don't be tired. Don't say I'm not taking it no more. We, we need to get out there and vote for whoever you wanna vote for. Yes. Yes. Yeah. I'm I'm just saying like everybody like, oh, she's not for the black people.


Like yeah, I get that. But what about You know the cap on the insulin cost. Like right. A lot of black people are diabetic. That is true. The cap on the insulin cost was definitely something tangible. It's something tangible that I point to. I agree with you on that. Well, thank you Mama. I'm just saying that we can start there. What about the cap on You know, on, on, on on the percentage of taxes and stuff like, it, it stuff like that. Like Trump Really not, I, I don't know. I'm not, I'm not here to You know voice to Melo or Trump. Like you said, everybody got their own own opinion, but, but everybody needs to vote, period. I I do like what you did though. I like the fact that You know you look at both candidates and You know you find a couple of issues that you agree with and You know that's who you choose to support.


That's what I tell folks. You know it's not about individuals. It's about interest. Like vote your interests. Look at both candidates, look what they stand for and You know. Vote for the things that you like. Yep. Yep. I got your book, uncle. Thank you. Which one? Which one? You know I got three. Yeah. Honestly, that line. Thank you. I just got it. I appreciate that. Thank you very much. Have a good one, mama. Yeah. Yeah. Good one. I mean, have one. Okay. I think all of y'all should go out there and get a copy of Get Honest to Die Lying. Why Small Talk sucks. I think it's a fantastic book, but I could be biased. Get it off your chest. 805 8 5 1 0 5 1. If. you need to vent. Hit us up now. It's The. Breakfast. Club. Good morning The. Breakfast Club. Wake up. Wake up ass.


This is your time to get it off your chest. Mad or blessed? We wanna hear from you on The. Breakfast Club. Hello. Who's this? Hey, what else? This Tanya from Iha, Nebraska. Hey, what's up? Iha Nebraska, the home of one of the greatest fighters that we've ever seen. Terrance Crawford. Hey You. know what? It's crazy. I went to Monroe with him. Oh, you went to school with him? Yeah, for a little bit. Yeah. Oh eight high school. 2008. Huh? That's high school? No, that's a middle school. Oh, Okay. Did he used to fight in middle school? I mean Yeah, dude, dudes the banger. Oh, he used to be beating people up in middle school. Yeah. Dude used to be beating people up everywhere on the block right off of by Phil Fool over off in the 30th and am Damn Terrence Crawford.


Well, I'm glad that he turned that to positivity. That, that, that that into something positive to a job. Yeah, absolutely. Well get it off your chest. Hey, You know what? I'm gonna be honest with y'all. I wanna get off my chest. I wanna talk about how these police out here are just committing. Like, honestly, it, it's becoming something like a genocide to be real and they're just getting away with it. We had a police involved shooting out here in Omaha, Nebraska, and it happened on hundred eighth and Maple. They shot a guy who they said was arguing with his girlfriend, shot him in the neck, strictly injured the guy. And then there's just nothing about it all. The only thing we seen in the news is the police just reinstated the guy.


So he is back working again. He is back on social media and there's nothing being done about it. There's a, it is just, it's just something that we accept, Right? Yeah. It's become very normalized. You know. Meanwhile, Donald Trump, meanwhile, Donald Trump is out here saying he wants to give immunity to police. And that's, and that right there is absolutely ridiculous. Like, how can you give full immunity to these people who, who honestly, they don't care about human life. They don't see us as human. And if they don't see us as human, then why do they care about killing us? Yeah. We ain't, we ain't nothing. Like, and that's, and that's, and that's how they see us. You know. And that's, and that's some real talk.


I work, I work out here with a lot of, with a lot of people who, who see these shootings and they say like, well, why didn't, why didn't she, why did she pick the product up? And you like, man, ma Yeah. You know. It's You saying argue. You can't argue about it. You can't do nothing about it. It's just a really, I'm not gonna lie with you, Omaha, Nebraska, it's extremely racist. It's down from our electric system. I don't know If you remember me, I called last, like last two weeks ago. And I was talking about how voter suppression is real down here in Omaha. And I, remember? Absolutely. Remember And I, it goes down to our power grid out in the north, in the urban area in North Omaha.


They have all of our power lines above ground. You drive out west of the nice neighborhoods, they're all buried. So we're constantly going through like, we just had these huge tornadoes come through and knocked all these trees over ruining like, I mean, I've been, I'm still without power since last Wednesday. Damn. Wow. You know what I mean? And it's just systematic racism. And it's like Frederick Douglas said to be a, no, it wasn't Frederick Douglas. It was someone who said James Baldwin, this black person in America. And to be in a state of constant anger. And I'm telling you, If, you just realize how racist, That's James Baldwin, Omaha, Nebraska is, you'll feel that way. Yeah. That was James Baldwin who said that.


Well, You know. You know. I like what you not this phone call. I mean, I I I appreciate you this phone call too, but last phone call, You know you was really just wanting to get people to get out there and vote And. I mean You know. When you talk about the police issue, You know it's, it's very important to remember that Donald Trump did say, You know, we want to give the police their power back, which is crazy because they have all the power now. Yep. And we are gonna give them immunity from prosecution. So You know. Let that, let that be something that fuels you in November. That's all That's right. And get it off your chest. 805 85 1 0 5 1 If. you need to vent. You can hit us up. Now. We got Jess with the mess. Of course Jess is on maternity leave, so we're holding it down for yesterday. Donald Trump went on streamer Aiden Ross Ross's platform. I loved it.


And he had a lot to say. I loved it. And we'll tell you when we come back. It's The, Breakfast, Club. Good morning, The. Breakfast Club. Morning everybody. It's DJ Envy. Jess. Hilarious. Charlamagne the guy. We are The Breakfast. Club. Now Jess is on maternity leave. We are holding it down for us. You didn't have the baby yet. So if you're asking her, you're thinking, no, not you yet soon be though. But let's get to just with the mess. Let's go. News is real. Moore just don't do no lying. She don't nobody worldwide. Worldwide. On The, Breakfast Club. She's the ship.


She was able to get y'all to see something and understand something that nobody could get you to see. It's time to set it on. Now, yesterday, former president Donald Trump appeared on Aiden Ross's stream yesterday. And You know who You know who Aidan Ross is. He's a streamer. He's a video game. Streamer has a lot of followers. And when he walked in Aidan Ross played many men. That was his intro. That was the way he walked in. Now, the stream was about an hour and 20 minutes, and they talked about a lot of different things. One of the things they spoke on was immigration in America. What if You know I happen to be born in another country. And, I wanna come the right way. How how would, how would that work? Well, that's what we want. We want people to come in, but they have to come in through a system, through a legal system.


And You know, one of the things that's unfair is we have hundreds of thousands of people that have applied to come in and this administration doesn't talk to them. Right. But if they walk through the southern border, they have no problem getting in. Right. I don't even know why they're doing this. But some people are waiting 10 years to come in and they've studied, they learned all about the United States, about our constitution, about everything and Right. They're not letting, they're not being let in. And we're allowing people to come in from really rough places, really bad places. And they come in through caravans and You know these caravans have 10, 20, 30,000 people. Wow. And they're pouring through Mexico. That's crazy, Man. Let the record show. I I love the, I love this press hit for Donald Trump. And the reason I loved it is because you have to meet people where they are.


Like you running for president of the United States of America, there is a new potential voter turning 18 every day. That's right. So don't take any audience for granted. Okay. You got It.


Started with a backpack at the 1996 Centennial Olympic Games. A backpack that contained a bomb. While the authorities focused on the wrong suspect, a serial bomber planned his next attacks, two abortion clinics and a lesbian bar. But this isn't his story. It's a human story. One that I've become entangled with. I saw as soon as I turned the corner, basically someone bleeding out. The victims of these brutal attacks were left to pick up the pieces, forced to explore the gray areas between right and wrong life and death. Their once ordinary lives and mine changed forever. It Kind of gave me a feeling of, of pending doom. And all the while our country found itself facing down a long and ugly reckoning with a growing threat. Far right, homegrown religious terrorism. Listen to Flashpoint on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts.


This could be the craziest podcast pairing ever. The governor of California, Gavin Newsom and Superbowl Champ, Marshawn Beast Mode Lynch our politician. What is Politicing even mean? Here's bridging gaps With no politics Joined by their friend and agent Doug Hendrickson. It's gonna be a wild ride. We Can change The World Podcast by podcast. Listen to politicking with Gavin Newsom, Marshawn Lynch, and Doug Hendrickson on America's number one podcast network. iHeart open your free iHeart app and search politician and start listening.


In the summer of 2020, in the small mountain town of Idlewild, California, five women disappeared in the span of just a few months. Eventually I found out what happened to the women. All except one, a woman named Lydia Abrams known as dear. Her friends and family ran through endless theories where she hurt hiking. Did she run away had she been kidnapped? I'm Lucy Sheriff. I've been reporting this story for four years and I've uncovered a tangled web of manipulation, estranged families and greed. Everyone it seems has a different version of events. Hear the story on Where's Dear my new podcast from Pushkin Industries and iHeartPodcasts, listen on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts or wherever you listen to podcasts.


Yo, it's Big Bank. Check out my podcast perspective with Bank on the Black Effect podcast Network. Each and every Monday perspective with Bank Podcast will feature individuals from different backgrounds all walks of life who come together to share their unique perspective and engaging enlightened conversation. What you think the biggest disconnect between men and women is? I think the biggest disconnect is, is now there is a role reversal. I feel like almost scientifically if, if there's not a, in my opinion, my perspective, a natural order of the man being the head and the one following the relationship will almost always fail. I, unlike my work as a music artist and executive, I allot diverse, thought provoking viewpoints and experiences on a wide range perspective that you never knew you needed. But don't women know off the rip before they hit 'em with the okay that this ain't even me once my feeling change. We for our feelings supposed to change at the same time. Yeah, at the same Time. But You know what I'm saying. But you got, they just want a woman period. Every Monday. Listen to Perspective Bank on Black Effect Podcast Network, iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, wherever you get your podcasts,


What's good, it's Coleen Witt. And Eating While Broke is Back for season three, brought to you by the Black Effect Podcast Network and iHeartRadio, we're serving up some real stories and life lessons from people like Van Latton. TMZ was starting a tour. Harvey came and took the tour by July. I'm on TV every day. I endear myself to the audience. He comes in, he goes, we're gonna give you a raise. I think maybe a year or two years after that, I was a producer DC young flag. It wasn't really no way for us to make income off of Vine like that. It was more so a notoriety. Once that popped off, it was like people was following it. And I ain't know how big it was. I ain't even know people was doing this on their spare time. I was Don't do that kids, that's bad. It was, it was crazy that it had to be that real and that Harsh Bone thugs in harmony. Our mission was, we was telling everybody in the hood, we finna go meet Eazy-E We about to come back and do a video. Of course we didn't know. So we was lying like a mother. Little do we know we speak in reality and we going to come back with a bus and camera crew And many more. They're sharing the dishes that got them through their struggles and the wisdom they gained along the way. We're cooking up something special. So tune in every Thursday, listen to eating while Broke on the Black Effect podcast network, iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts or wherever you get your podcasts Presented by State Farm Like, a good neighbor, State Farm. is there


Some elitist bougie liberals who will say things like that audience doesn't vote. How You know. Right. How do we know appearances like that don't motivate people to vote? Because when I look at Aden Ross with his MAGA hat on and the audience that he had sitting in there with, they MAGA hats on and Trump paraphernalia. They got some type of influence. That's right. And they look like they voting to me and and once again, Trump went and engaged the audience. So he may energize them to go vote. For him to just dismiss that scream is unserious to dismiss that audience is unserious. That's a great miscalculation. I agree. Now he also spoke on Biden and Kamala Harris. You said something about common sense, someone who has no common sense. Yeah. Joe Biden, do you think he was pushed out or do you think he made the decision to step down?


No, he was not only pushed out, it was a coup. They went in to see him. He did badly. The debate was a disaster. It was horrible. Okay. I don't know if I was brilliant or if he was horrible. Maybe it was a combination of both. Okay. Yeah. After I left, I said, You know that was one of the greatest debate performances we've ever seen. And then two days later they just said he was terrible. Look, he's done tremendous damage to our country. He was a terrible president. He was the worst president we've ever had. She's by the way, considered the, the most unpopular vice president we've ever had. But she's a horrible, she's worse than he is. I actually think he's smarter than her. And I think he's a really not smart person. But I think he's smarter than she is. Well, Trump knows the cool when he sees one, 'cause he led one on January 6th.


What I will say, the vice president, Kamala Harris needs to be out there doing the same thing. She hasn't done an interview or an official press conference since Biden stepped down. I don't care if she sits with Good Morning America or the 85 South Show. She just needs to be You know. She needs to sit down with someone and let folks know what she is about. Let them know what her agenda is. 'cause If, you go to her website right now, it tells you a lot of things she's done is VP and You know Attorney General, her time in the Senate. But it's nothing about what she will do as president. You got 90 days to tell that story. If, you ask me, she should be doing as many interviews as possible, especially in Battleground states and on the biggest platforms they can find because there's still a lot of undecided voters out there. Absolutely. I mean, The, Breakfast, Club being one of them. Now If, you just joining us, we're talking about Donald Trump.


He appeared on Aiden Ross's stream yesterday. He's a huge streamer. If, you don't know, they did kind of like a rapid fire segment where he was talking about his thoughts on Kanye Kanye. So he's very complicated. Let's let's say complicated because he is, he's a really nice guy. But he can get himself into trouble and he can get some other people. But You know he's got a good heart. He does. He does. But he's complicated Kanye. Now he spoke on us Representative AOC as well. Fake, but, but in all fairness, look. But she knows it. She's got a thing going. It's a good thing. She's a good thing for her. But there's a certain something she's got, she's got a spark that's pretty amazing actually.


She's got a good spark. So I'll I'll change it. I'll say Spark. And he's up there sounding honest. Yeah. He sounds like he answering everything honestly. Now and lastly, this is what was trending yesterday. Aidan Ross asked Donald Trump about his thoughts on how da Fanny Willis was handling Young Thug's Rico trial. And, and this is how Thug answered. I mean, this is how Trump answered. I know Fanny Willis has treated you very unfair. I have a friend who's currently being treated unfair by by her. He's a rapper named Young Thug. Yeah. And I was just I Heard that Actually. Yeah. I just, I just was wondering if there's a way that we can make sure he get treated fair. That's all. Yeah. So I've heard about him. And I heard he's being treated very unfairly by her And.


I would tell her he's, she's gotta treat these patriots that are being all terrible. They're going after him. And I hear Young Thug is being treated. I heard the name. Yeah. I heard it from other people where they say he's being treated very unfairly, very unfair. So he is gotta be treated fairly. Please Listen, I don't even think he was pandering. He was asked a question about a woman, Fannie Willis, who was prosecuting him as well. Those have been her most high profile cases that I've seen. Okay. Jeffrey and Donald Young Thug. And Old Thug. And he didn't say anything. We all don't feel, which is You know Young Thug isn't being treated fairly. Right. I listen man, once again, I like the press hit. Trump is an unorthodox candidate. He doesn't come from the political world.


He's an entertainer. So he understands how to entertain, he understands pop culture. That interview right there owned the headlines yesterday. I was watching CNN last night and from about 6:00 PM to about 10:00 PM when I went to sleep, that interview with Aiden Ross was all over CNN. That's right. And Aiden Ross's age demo was age 13 to 24. 1324. Yep. Yeah. Mostly men. Like I said earlier, there's new voters turning 18 every day. Okay. So to just dismiss that audience and act like that audience doesn't vote, I think that's a great miscalculation. That is a mistake. Meet people where they are. Yep. And then at the end of that live stream aid and Ross gifted Donald Trump a presidential Rolex. Jesus Christ. And also he gave him a, a wrapped Tesla cyber truck.


Now is that legal? Probably because the Supreme Court said, well it wasn't a bribe. Well con did they take gifts? Well con well Trump seemed excited about it, but they're saying contributions to federal candidates from an individual are limited to $3,300. So they're saying that those, those gifts are valued way more than that. And they believe, once Trump finds out that You know he he's not allowed to take it, he'll be turning down the gifts. Yeah. Right. Or donating them to charity. Donald Trump is gonna do the right thing. Thing. Okay, sure. He's probably gonna have to, in this case, he's probably gonna donate them. Oh please. He's gonna donate though. Y'all still expecting Donald Trump to follow the rules? He ha he's gonna he can't knock it off, man. He's gonna donate them. He's probably gonna give it to somebody at one of his ies. Oh God. You naive Americans. He's not, humans are so crazy. He's not gonna keep this. They own him too much.


Man, shut up. It's Donald Trump. We talking about they own his ass. They not gonna keep that yolo. You think? You think gonna drive down? Damn Madis Parker Donald Trump. Say f it we ball. You think he gonna pull up on the cyber Trump? Okay. Donald Trump say you do what you want. When you popping, you think I'm pull up in Marlo Margo. Yes. With the, with the watch out the window. Yes. At the next debate. If he decided to show up what I'm talking about. Would that be hard though? If? you pulled up with the next debate with the cyber truck, with the watch out the window with his face on the side of it. All I'm saying is that'd be hard. All I'm saying is I playing Young Duck lifestyle. I'm just saying I respect it. That'd be hard because you meet people where they are. Alright. Somebody told me yesterday that there's a difference between young voters and young people. I'm like, well what's the difference? Young people can become young voters If, you engage them and and and energize them to vote.


That's right. So you like, like I said, You know to dismiss that audience and act like that audience is unserious. That's a mistake. Alright, well that was Jess mess. All right. Again, Jess out. She's on maternity leave and when we come back we got front page news. Morgan Wood will be joining us. So don't move. It's The. Breakfast. Club. Good morning. Morning everybody. It's DJ Envy. Just hilarious. Charlamagne the guy. We are The Breakfast. Club. Now let's get back in some front page news. Good morning Morgan. Good morning. So You know the courts have been quite the conversation or part of the conversation as of recently. So US Supreme Court Justice Clarence Thomas, he's facing scrutiny, no new, no news there, but for failing to disclose a 2010 flight from Hawaii to New Zealand on a Republican donor's private jet.


Ron Wyden, the Democratic chairman of the Senate Finance Committee, says that's according to us Customs and Border protection records. Wyden says the records show Thomas and his wife Jenny, left Hawaii on GOP mega Donna Harlan crow's jet and returned one week later. This is the latest example made public of Thomas's accepting luxury travel from Harlan Crow, which has sparked calls for ethics reform at the Supreme Court. Now that's something that you've been calling for, Shar. Is this moving in the direction that you'd like to see it? Yes. Any type of reform against the Supreme Court, I am for, but the real reform is gonna come in expanding the Supreme Court.


And, I also wonder too, if this failing to disclose the 2020 flight from Hawaii to New Zealand. Does this even matter now being that they made bribery, legal, the Supreme Court? Like I, I mean I'm, I'm i's wondering like instruction. Yeah. Does that even matter now? Like they, they literally made it okay for them to accept bribes. So does this matter? We are in unprecedented times. I'm sure this is something that again, we'll have to watch and see how this all plays out in terms of Yeah. How does it all, how's it all gonna play out? And I November as a, I guess is a huge factor in all of that. Meanwhile in New Jersey, New Jersey is mourning the passing of the first black justice to serve on state Supreme Court.


In a statement, governor Murphy and acting governor way called James H. Coleman Jr. A lifelong trailblazer pointing out that he was born the son of a sharecropper in racially segregated Virginia. They say despite growing up surrounded by white supremacy, Coleman became the US Army reservist and received undergrad and law degrees from two historically black colleges, universities, HBCUs before he eventually served in virtually every part of New Jersey State judiciary. Coleman passed away last week at the age of 91. Now I would ask you to drop a clues bomb, but I'm not sure. If, you would put it towards You know him actually passing away. Yeah, You go again Morgan.


You Life and legacy. Life and legacy You always want drop clues, bombs for people. That's dead. Why do you do that? The life and the legacy that they have left. No, we really do salute bomb. We did this for Sheila Jackson Lee. Now you wanna do this for this brother. You want to drop clues, bombs for people that are no longer here. Drop clues, bombs. 'cause they dead. Drop the clues bomb for team USA. Okay, there you Go. There you go. That one makes sense. Okay, so Simone Biles is adding silver medal to her collection as she wraps up her time at the Paris Olympics. She finished behind Brazil's Rebecca Andrade in the women's floor exercise final on Monday. Now Biles says she has no regrets about her performance and teammate Jordan Chiles called it unbelievable to go from fifth to third.


Let's hear from Biles and Chiles. I'm not very, very upset or anything about my performance at the Olympics. Happy, proud and even more excited that it's over. When it came through, I was like very proud of myself. You know it was my first event, final my first event. Medal. Like this is crazy. The team USA's Jordan Childs earned a bronze medal. The silver gives Biles 11 overall medals in her Olympic career. Biles left the door open to trying to compete at the 2028 Los Angeles Olympics. That should be exciting to see since they'll be here in the US stateside. I think so Too. Another sister got gold too, right? Because it wasn't at all three of them. Andrade, Rebecca Andrade as the The Brazilian.


Yeah. Yeah. Brazilian. Yeah, she is. She won. Yeah, but I mean they were, did you guys, they were all falling off the balance beam yesterday? I felt bad for all of them. I mean it was like, I think five of them that fell off yesterday. But they put on a hell of a performance. Did you issue, Did you take issue with that photo at all? The fact that Biles and Childs were kind of like bowing towards dry? No, I think they were just showing their sister support. People gotta understand this, even though that You know these people represent different countries. They all train with each other. They all train with each other in the states. And most people don't even know that. Like a lot of these athletes change You know train in the States and they all are friends. So the fact that she was repping for her friend, I ain't, I ain't have no problem with that. Yeah, and and and good is good, right? Like, like to me, I look at somebody like Simone Biles, she's the goat. She represents greatness.


But if she recognizes the greatness in somebody else and chooses to bow to them or salute them, why not? Right? I think that's dope. Good sportsmanship for sure. So of course this comes in other events as the US Women's three on three basketball team also secured a me medal at the Paris Olympics on Monday they took down Canada 16 to 13 earned bronze. And the United States men's basketball team is looking to lock up a spot in the Olympic semi-finals team. USA will face Brazil and the quarterfinals today in Paris and the US US is nine and eight against Brazil all time in the Olympics. So this should be an easy win. I won't You know. We'll see what happens with that. But the last win in the series came back to Atlanta in 1996.


Now the Americans Finish Group play in Paris at three and oh following wins over Serbia, South Sudan and Puerto Rico.


So we will see what goes on with the men later on today. Tip off is at 3:30 PM Eastern. So don't forget that iHeart is the exclusive audio home for NBC's coverage of the 2024 Paris Olympics featuring hourly updates and highlights all throughout the games. Yes, we've got to covered here. iHeart, the app is free. Make sure you download it and catch that coverage.


Alright, well thank you Morgan. Thank you. That's your front page news. I'm Morgan Wood, you can follow me on socials at Morgan Media. And for more more news coverage, follow at Black Information network@binews.com. And shout out all the young athletes out there, Morgan. Now when we come back, the brothers from Earn Your Leisure. EYL will be here. Rashad and Troy milling. So don't move, it's The. Breakfast. Club. Good morning The. Breakfast Club. Morning everybody. It's DJ nv, just hilarious. Charlamagne the guy. We are The Breakfast. Club. We got some special guests in the building. Yes indeed. We got the brothers Troy and Rashad from ER Leisure. Welcome. What's up? What's up man? What's going on? So Invest Fest 2024 back in Atlanta.


Yes sir. For people that don't know what Invest Fest is, break down what Invest Fest is and why they should be there, why they need to be there. It's a fourth annual too. That's very important to say. Fourth annual for sure. So it's a, we wanted to make it where You know music festivals became very popular, right From Roland Loud to Coachella to Roots Picnic and that feel of a, of a music festival is just a good vibe. If, you have a mentor music festival and then business conferences usually business conferences are more like tush and more corporate stuffy and trash you. Yeah, exactly. So we wanted to combine a music festival with the education and format of a business conference. So that's where Invest Fest came from. So we got You know food trucks, we got musical performances, we have a vendor marketplace but we also have panels on crypto, on real estate, on stocks, home buying.


So all of the education is there, but it's fun, it's vibe. It's not Stu, you don't have to feel intimidated. It's for people that might have just graduated from college or for people that are CEOs of companies, right? Anywhere in between. So we wanna just create that vibe and it's the fourth year And. I feel like this year is the gonna be the biggest year as far as our lineup as far as what we got give back and everything. So really looking forward to it. So break down the up 'cause I mean y'all had Tyler Perry before, so what's bigger than Tyler Perry? You said bigger. So what's bigger? Well that's, I love Tyler. That's business and entertainment. But y'all be having some real big dogs in my actual Business world. I think it's important to blend both, right? So people can see aspirations from different as aspects. So yeah, Tyler Perry is huge but like If, you see over the past couple years he's been mentoring a guy named Curtis Jackson.


And so 50 is our headline of this year. Which is incredible because we know him from music, right? We've watched since 2002 when he took over in 2003, obviously when Get Rich came out. But now what he's done inside The World of business is equally as impressive. But he hasn't had the opportunity yet or given anybody the opportunity to talk about that business acting. And I'm sure You know you, you watched it firsthand. So that's important. We wanna highlight him and his success in business. We got Steven A. Smith, what he's doing in media right now, sharing the Sharp is gonna media VIP nights. So what they've done inside the media is important. And we got local entrepreneurs too, man. I mean Damon John's gonna be there, Damon Don people. So you got all these heavy hitters inside their book. Pinky Cole. I'm getting, I'm getting to the the local entrepreneurs. Yeah, so local entrepreneurs is important too, right? Because Pinky Cole is that next person up when we're talking about a billion dollar evaluation, we've, we're watching it happen in real time.


And so we want to have that con that commerce and culture mix where it's like, yeah you could be a Fortune 500 CEO but you could be coming from high school. Like we got kids coming down there, we got a hundred kids from New York City, that's fine down. We find 50 kids from our community so they can see it because once they see it you can't unsee it. I always tell people like, investors is cool, but you gotta experience in real life in person. 'cause it's just a different feel. One thing that I've been paying attention to, I see that y'all got the marathon gonna be there. Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah. Black Sam, who else? Black Sam and jp. jp. They gonna be speaking and then they bringing their whole team. But those two will be on stage with us and, and and y'all got a partnership with Microsoft and Nipsey's the marathon for a pitch competition. Yeah. So and Lauren Lund's gonna be there too.


Yeah, no, nip Nip was somebody that we, it is crazy. We never got a chance to meet Nip, but he was one of the people that we definitely wanted to interview because everything that we embody, that's what he stood for as far as entrepreneurship and being independent f the middleman. That's what, that's like his whole slogan. So we never got a chance to meet him. Unfortunately he passed away. But we really built strong relationships with every single person that was next to him or close to him. So Black Sam, man, that's my guy and You know Sam don't really talk too much at all. So You know, like if If you develop a relationship with Sam, it's a real relationship. It's not like no industry. That's my guy SL to Sam. We wanted to honor Nip, we pitched to him the idea of having a pitch competition kinda like Shark Tank, right? Where it's like we're gonna have a hundred people and then the first round is the a hundred people's going to audition.


Like America's Got Talent. Then from there four people will be selected to the next round and then we're going to pick one person live on stage and the winner of that's gonna get a hundred thousand dollars to their business. So it's a really dope opportunity. Anybody can enter as long as you got a ticket, anybody can enter And I. Think You know to be able, we talk about access to capital a lot and Fearless Fund You know for fund all that, right? So they, they trying to take away access to capital. We already have no access to capital. Really If you think about it. So anytime you can really give people You know money towards their business, like that's really could be life changing. You never know what that can turn into. So the money is one thing, but the information to do with the money. So y'all give 'em that piece too. Yeah, for sure. Sure. So we gonna be working with them.


'cause you're right, we don't, and that's part of the vetting process too, to make sure that they kind of already are on track to be successful. 'cause you don't wanna give somebody money than they, nothing is ever guaranteed. But we wanna make sure that we put them in the best situation possible to win. So definitely mentorship, we're gonna give them all of our, all of our resources as far as like accountants, lawyers and stuff like that so they can be successful. And yeah. So we had that already done and then when Microsoft came in, they wanted to be a part of it. So we was like, well this is something that we doing If, you guys want to chip in on it. So it's a collaboration as far as that a hundred thousand from Microsoft Earn Your Leisure and the Neighborhood Nip Foundation and we doing that. And Marathon's gonna have a popup shop? Yes.


At at Invest Fest. That's their first popup shop in Atlanta in over 10 years. Wow. Wow. So, and then Lauren London, we doing a $25,000 giveaway with Lauren London to a woman led business in healthcare. So it's a lot of, it's a lot of give back. But You know to involve NIPS family, I thought was just a really, really dope idea. And like I said, they, they just been super solid like You know what I mean? Like Sam's super solid. So when we asked him, sat down with them and they was like, yeah, let's do it. And they just thought it was a great way to honor the legacy of Nipsey Hussle. So that's something that we definitely looking forward to. Yeah, and the Lauren piece was so dope because obviously we know the relationship with the marathon, but she was like, no, I have initiatives that I really like. So Women's health is like at the forefront of her, everything that she stands for and she's big on Mental health and Mindfulness.


It's huge, huge on it. And so she was like, I would love to do it, but here's the things I would love if we can make it happen. And so shout out to our brothers at Health EMD and they were like, look, we have a health and wellness business that we already run. We would love to partner with them. And so the 25,000 will be given out to a women led business. But also they're like, look, we're not only going to do that. We're gonna mentor you in this space since we're experts in it. You know they've hundreds of millions of dollars that they've, they've created and, and generated in business. So like we're, they're gonna hold their hands through this process. Make sure that the business gets off to the right start with that 25,000. So like you said, this, these things don't happen in our community, right? And so once we see there's an absence, we can fill the gap. And that's what this is all about. All right, we got more with Earn Your Leisure, Rashad Al and Troy Millings when we come back, of course Invest Fest.


It's August 23rd through the 25th in Atlanta, Georgia. We'll talk to 'em some more. It's The, Breakfast, Club. Good morning. Morning everybody. We are The, Breakfast, Club, DJ Envy, Jess ais and Charlamagne the guy. We're still kicking it with the brothers from er, Legia. Now I got a question with so many people that you guys have in Atlanta, has any politicians ever reached out to y'all because it would be the perfect place for like Kamala Harris to come speak. Right? I'm glad you said that. I'm glad you said that. Especially because she's so into entrepreneurship and small business. I'm glad you said that. We, we, We gotta clip this up, We gotta clip this up, but send it to team. We, we've been, we've been speaking to her team last year, so the idea was to get her there last year and just the timing, the way everything worked out, we weren't able to do it.


And so we've just been in contact with her. And we've been You know hinting at it. We understand the importance of the election. We understand the importance of Atlanta, Fulton County, Georgia as a state overall, what it means to the election.


It started with a backpack at the 1996 Centennial Olympic Games, A backpack that contained a bomb. While the authorities focused on the wrong suspect, a serial bomber planned his next attacks, two abortion clinics and a lesbian bar. But this isn't his story. It's a human story, one that I've become entangled with. I saw as soon as I turned the corner. Basically someone bleeding out. The victims of these brutal attacks were left to pick up the pieces, forced to explore the gray areas between right and wrong life and death. They're once ordinary lives. And mine changed forever. It kind of gave me a feeling of, of pending doom. And all the while our country found itself facing down a long and ugly reckoning with a growing threat. Far right, homegrown religious terrorism. Listen to Flashpoint on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts.


This could be the craziest podcast pairing ever. The governor of California, Gavin Newsom and Superbowl Champ, Marshawn Beast Mode Lynch our politician. What is politicing Even mean? There's bridge and Gaps with no Politics Joined by their friend and agent Doug Hendrickson. It's gonna be a wild ride. We can change. The World podcast by podcast The World. Listen to politician with Gavin Newsom, Marshon Lynch, and Doug Hendrickson on America's number one podcast network. iHeart open your free iHeart app and search politician and start listening.


In the summer of 2020, in the small mountain town of Idlewild, California, five women disappeared in the span of just a few months. Eventually I found out what happened to the women, all except one, a woman named Lydia Abrams known as dear. Her friends and family ran through endless theories. Was she hurt hiking? Did she run away had she been kidnapped? I'm Lucy. She, I've been reporting this story for four years and I've uncovered a tangled web of manipulation, estranged families and greed. Everyone, it seems has a different version of events. Hear the story on Where's Dear my new podcast from Pushkin Industries and iHeartPodcasts, listen on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you listen to podcasts.


Yo, it's Big Bank. Check out my podcast perspective with Bank on the Black Effect podcast Network. Each and every Monday perspective with Bank podcast will feature individuals from different backgrounds. All walks of life will come together to share their unique perspective and engaging enlightened conversation for what you think the biggest disconnect between men and women is. I think the biggest disconnect is, is now there is a role reversal. I feel like almost scientifically if, if there's not a, in my opinion, my perspective, a natural order of the man being the head and the one following the relationship will almost always fail. I like my work as a music artist and executive. I unlock diverse, thought provoking viewpoints and experiences on a wide range perspective that you never knew you needed. But don't women know off the rip before they hit 'em with the okay that this ain't even me once my feeling change. We for our feelings supposed to change at the same time. Yeah, at the same Time. But You know what I'm saying. But you got, they just want a woman period. Every Monday, listen to Perspective Bank on Black Effect Podcast Network, iHeartRadio app, apple Podcast, or wherever you get your podcasts.


What's good, it's Coleen Witt. And Eating While Broke is Back for season three, brought to you by the Black Effect Podcast Network and iHeartRadio. We're serving up some real stories and life lessons from people like Van Latton. TMZ was starting a tour. Harvey came and took the tour by July. I'm on TV every day. I endear myself to the audience. He comes in, he goes, we're gonna give you a raise. I think maybe a year or two years after that, I was a producer DC Young Fly. It wasn't really no way for us to make income off of Vine like that. It was more so notoriety. Once that popped off, it was like people was following it. And I ain't know how big it was. I ain't know people was doing this on they spare time. I was, don't do that kids, that's bad. It was, it was crazy that it had to be that real and that Harsh Bone Thugs and Harmony. Our mission was, we was telling everybody in the hood, we finna go meet Eazy-E We about to come back and do a video. Of course, we didn't know, so we was lying like a mother. Little do we know, we speak in reality and we going to come back with a bus and camera crew And many more. They're sharing the dishes that got them through their struggles and the wisdom they gained along the way. We're cooking up something special. So tune in every Thursday, listen to eating while Broke on the Black Effect podcast network, iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts or wherever you get your podcasts Presented by State Farm Like a good neighbor. State Farm is there.


And so we were able to You know, she invited us over a few times, shout out to to the, the black men that sat down with us at the dinner. And then we, we sat down on her economic tour. You know that was one something that was really important to her to have black men talking about economics and she wanted to kick it off with us in Atlanta. Got kick it off. Yeah. Yeah, we did. Yeah, we did in April. So that was dope. And so You know at the time it was like, okay, all roads are pulling to Atlanta. This is great. It it's so far out that we can't put it on the calendar just because that's just the way politics works in a sense. And she said they hit us back in the first week of July and we did. And then the third week of July, everything kind of changed, right. Because she's a little busy. She's a little busy this summer. Busy Troy, she's a little busy. But You know, stay tuned, I think. But like you said, I mean, I feel like to me it would be a no brainer for her to come if she's available because tens of thousands of people and having a serious conversation about economics and addressing issues like what's a black job and access to capital.


These is real serious conversations that I think we need to have. So yeah, we still, we still, Yeah. Stay tuned. I saw she had the rally in Atlanta, so that's what I'm Saying. And It is a swing state. This is gonna be a different conversation. Yeah. I been, I've been rocking with the, the VP for a minute and one of the things that I've always been attracted to her about is You know her stance on economics, what she wants to do for small businesses. So when y'all, y'all kicked off the nationwide economic tour with her, y'all sat with her. What about her economic plan? Do y'all like I I'm not trying to make, get an endorsement or nothing. I'm just like, I'm an I'm an issues person. Yeah. So the the, I support her for one this issue. Well, one thing as far as like just the, the openness to be willing to listen.


Like we sat down with her a few times. And I, respect the fact that she's not coming in saying, I know everything. You know what I'm saying? She's like, yo, tell me like, what do I need? Like, first the conversation is what is the disconnect between black men and the administration? That's before, that's when she was a vice president. You know a lot of black men unhappy with Biden. A lot of black men still even unhappy with her. So she wanted to know what was causing that unhappiness. Right. And I thought that that was big of her to like not talk to us. To listen to us. That's right. Same thing with economics. You know, we, we spoke to them and we spoke to a bunch of the Democrats on Capitol Hill and they were like, well, what, what do y'all need? And we told 'em like, You know, access to capital is important, right? Where there's $73 billion out there and we get less than 1%.


Like how are we gonna really scale businesses if we don't have money to start the business? Right? Like, that's important. So we was telling a few different things and, and she was willing to listen. And I know that that's something that she has championed as far as access to capital. And something that she said that she was definitely wanting to improve the situation. We have to kind of see the, the details of it. But she definitely spoke to us about access to capital, bring back the middle class, making sure everybody started Student loans, was one of the big things that she talked about. And obviously I'm, I'm a person. Home ownership, I was just gonna get into that. So the home ownership piece was, was huge, right? When we look at wealth inside of our country, specifically for our community, we know that only 45% of us own homes. But If, you look at anybody's wealth that's been created, it's comes from home ownership.


And so having incentives for new home buyers, I was like, this is a piece that we need. It's missing. So like answering those questions, the student loan questions, it's like, all right, well these are solutions, especially because we suffer from 'em, right? Like we don't have the capital to, to pay for tuition, right? So we go into debt and that debt cripples us for years and years and years. So to know that's on the forefront of her mind to understand that she has a plan. Like she said, she's listening, she's receptive to it. It was dope man. And, and she's invited us a couple times. So it's, it tells us that she's aware of what's happening. She understands that we have an audience that she needs to tap into. And so we're very aware of it, but it is, it is dope that we have the ear of somebody at that level. Let Ask y'all a question, I wanna get y'all opinion. You saw Trump was at the National Black Journalist.


Yeah. National Association for Black Journalists. Yeah. Do you think it would be a good idea if we have Trump at Invest Fest or don't, don't do that. Why not? I mean, here's my thing. And I said this about the National Association Association for Black Journalists. They're journalists. Their job is to be objective and biased. All they all, they're to do, all they're there to do is bring the person in front of the audience and ask the questions. Like to side, like why do, why do we as black people, because this is a black thing, right? Why do we as black people beat each other up about this kind of stuff? About platforming people? That's this guy can be on CNN, SNBC doing the same thing. Fox a, b, c, doing the same thing and nobody says Why y'all platforming them as soon as earn Your Leisure? Does it? Or Breakfast Club does it? You platforming it. Why? I don't under, I don't understand that logic.


I really don't. I take It a step further, like, I mean this is a business festival, right? Love Trump, hate Trump, however you feel about him. He came from Queens and he damn near, they say he built New York City when a time when everybody was running away. So to get in his mind to see what his mind frame was, how he did it, what was his mind process, how he got the money and, and how he did all that. I don't see why not, I don't see why that would Be a problem. I mean, you talking about the future of, of the economy, right? So like when we're talking about investing, when we doing market Monday is it's important that if he's gonna put tariffs on China, they need to know like what does that mean? Right? Like when he talks about Taiwan, what does that mean? What does the foreign policy mean? Especially for American companies when we're talking about investing? Like you, you would want to hear those answers if this is going to be the guy who's gonna lead the nation of the next four years.


So I mean you gotta look at it from a a, have context on it, but have perspective as well. So What business, what business is growing the quickest now, right? Because You know coming from New York and Queens, usually we only see basketball and rap, right? Hip hop. Yeah. But there's so many businesses growing now. So what's the number one business that more and more people are asking you guys to talk more about? Because they're getting into ai. AI for sure. Like this year we got five different panels. Shout out to Van Jones. He put together a whole curriculum. 'cause You know he just got a hundred million y'all platform Van Jones. Don't you start that shout man. I'm just messing Van Luther. But nah, Bald has got stick together. Everybody know, everybody Wanna know about ai.


So like that's the, like this technology thing is really changing. The, World and If. you use it, you understand like it is damn near magic, right? Like what's your thoughts on ai? Because You know a lot of kids and a lot of y'all came from education. Kids ain't studying the same way when they can just type it in to AI and say, type me a 10 page paper and it comes right in. And they, all they gotta do is just kind of just take words in You If you are educated, then you have to be adaptive to that, right? Like you gotta be responsive with education the way you used to teach is not gonna be the way of the future. And so that's why we talk about education reform because it's important, right? Like the textbook days is over man. And so like, the quicker that we understand that, the better we'll be able to adapt and use these things to our benefit. But I feel like black people, a lot of times we have a lot of fear of things that we don't understand.


So you see things like, yo AI's gonna take the jobs and, and even Trump plays towards that. Like they're gonna take black jobs, right? And we interviewed Don Peoples and he was kind of, he, he has a relationship with Trump, so he was kind of speaking kind of friendly about him, but he said something that was key and he was like, he doesn't think he's racist. He think he has an outdated view of us. Meaning like he still looks at black people as is 19 70, 19 80 like You know what I'm saying? Like these are your, your jobs. Like, 'cause they don't look at us as like leaders in industry, right? They don't look at us as like as equals Exactly. Like on that level. So, and we don't look at ourselves it that way either a lot of times. So I think we can't be scared of this technology because it is gonna come one way or another.


That's right. It's like a tsunami. Like either you prepare for it or you just gonna get washed away. So they say it's gonna take over 200 million jobs over the next 10 years globally. And some people say that's a low estimate, but it's also gonna create jobs and it's gonna create a lot of wealth too. You look at a company like Nvidia, nobody even heard of Nvidia five years ago. The average everyday person. Yeah. Now they're the third, second most valuable company in The. World, yeah. Right? Like over the course of 18 months. So that's because of technology. That's because of ai. So I feel like we use AI all the time and it's only gonna get bigger. So for the kids, to answer your question, I, it's similar to when a calculator came out, right? Like before you used to have to actually physically do long division and, but then once you realize that the calculator allows you to do it much quicker, you still have to be educated enough to know how to work the calculator.


Like even chat GBT, you have to be educated enough to ask the right questions. That's it. To know, okay, now this is a little off I need to Right, right, right, right. So you just can't just have no brain at all and let it think for you. 'cause then it's not gonna work properly. So I think that the only thing that we can do is educate ourselves on AI because there is no way around it. And like some of the stuff, like even we met with Will I am, he's gonna be there. Some of the stuff that he told us was Different. He's futuristic. This dude, he's a hundred, He, He's 20 years ahead. One of my favorite people to talk to. He, I mean, I ain't, he, he talked for like two straight hours and we were just like, I don't even, we can't even share some of the stuff he was saying. Nah, I ain't even know he was. I'm like, how do you sleep knowing all this information? He's 20 years ahead of us. The interesting part about the Nvidia piece is that we spoke to the execs there, right?


And they're like, this is great, thank you guys for information because people are investing in, they are making money, but the employees have made a lot of money too. So we have to be a part of that. So that's why it's important to be educated but also to say this is something that you can do All we got more with the brothers from Earner Leisure. When we come back it's The, Breakfast, Club. Good morning. Morning everybody. It's DJ Envy. Just hilarious. Charlamagne the guy. We are The Breakfast Club. We're still kicking it with Rash Al and Troy Mills from Earn Your Legia. Charlamagne. Absolutely. What's been the success stories from Invest Fest over the last four years? Oh man, so many man. I felt like, well first I'll speak to our success story because that's something that we could relate. So we, last year it was a gentleman that came from Ghana to Invest Fest.


And he had just heard about it. He came to, he came to Invest Fest and he was very impressed by Invest Fest. So he wanted to connect with us. So Cha Ball has actually connected us. We went to Ghana to Ball. They hosted us. Turns out. So you heard of Afro future? Yeah. He's one of the people that, that those Afro Future Polo Beach Club, If. you ever been to Ghana? They own p Amazing. They own a Polo beach club. They own, they own bunch of real estate, everything. So they connected with us. They like, yo, we got 300 acres of land and we want to build on it. And they like, well what's the play? And they're like, well we want to, and it's crazy 'cause we already had this idea of bringing people from the diaspora over, but not just to party and leave. Right? Like actually more sustainable, like buy real estate, build a community.


So we're actually working on building a community with the brothers from Ghana. That's all because of Invest s right? Dope. But there's vendors. We, we interviewed a vendor that made $300,000 in the vendor marketplace selling her services. We interviewed another vendor who is a husband and a wife combination. And they met to Beatty, who is Steve Harvey's partner. And then from there they developed a relationship and they took their business from making like $10,000 to now they've made over $3 million just in the vendor marketplace. You know people that have went to Invest Fest and learned, and they actually purchased the home from the information that they, that they received. So the networking is just unbelievable.


And then the information when you add the networking with the information is it is definitely an opportunity to change your life. Yeah. So we were with our brother Ray Daniels and he was like, look, when I walked into that marketplace, I never been to Black Wall Street, but I would imagine this, this is what it looked like. When you have just all these four over 400 businesses, people networking, people creating ideas, excuse me. And actually finding networking pieces, right? It it, it might be your investor or it might be your next business partner. Or you might look and say, man, I want my business to scale like that. And so now people are getting ideas how to grow their business. And then obviously You know we come through the marketplace, but we're not just walking by ourselves. We're bringing Tyler Perry too, right? We're bringing Robert Smith through. So like, just to have the opportunity to see that in real per and like have a moment with that, it's incredible because they're, they're looking at it as a way to invest as well.


I know Steve Harvey walks through and he's like, all right, I want every piece of art that this person has. Like, there's opportunities in there that just don't exist. So imagine you just started your business. So you're in year one or two of your business and you might see 10,000 customers throughout the year. You're talking about 50,000 people in three days. It just doesn't happen. It's a very unique opportunity. Did did he ever give y'all the million or he just did the big check thing? So did he So he, all right, so this is before Invest Fest. Last year, obviously, before everything happened, we was working with Revolt. And they like, yo, did he want to give you guys a million dollars to invest? At first it was supposed to be a million dollars for us to invest for him, right?


And we like, nah, let's, let's do something a little bit more creative, right? Like, let's get the, get the million dollars, but let's like show it in like real time. Be transparent and then like break it up. So we'll put like a hundred thousand in the stock market, then we'll go to like Louisiana and we'll buy a multifamily home. Then we'll give it to like an entrepreneur in Texas to start a gas station. So we was gonna actually like show what we were doing with the million. Like the millions has grown to 2 million. It's grown to, and he didn't even want any money. He was going, any of the profits. We was gonna split the profit and he was gonna give his his part to charity and then he's gonna give us the other half. So we had been talking about this for months. So when we was gonna make the announcement, we like, yo, we should make the announcement at Invest Fest. Like, you gonna come like it, it would make sense to do it on Invest Fest.


So they, they like the idea. So yeah, they, they gave us the check on stage. So it's important to educate the audience, right? Like, so when they do like those big Kinkos checks, a contrary to popular belief on the internet. You can't take that check into Bank of America and Cash Can't bring Exactly. News. People think that you check That won't, it won't fit in a, they're Like, yo, I seen you got the money, bro. He gave me the check. I'm like, that's not how it works. You signed it though. So all right. So that's like, for sure. Right? Then after that, then lawyers have to kind of work out the final agreement or whatever, and then they, they wire the money to you, right? So that could take a couple of weeks, but it took a couple of months. We never got it. And I will say this, I think that he had the intentions of giving it to us because he actually called after.


He's like, yo, did y'all get the money yet? I'm like, no, I didn't get it yet. But his team, I can't even knock them. They were doing their due diligence. They wanted to make sure that it was right, that the You know the legal agreement and everything. So it was just taking a long time, right? It took like from Invest Fest in August to like, yeah, October 10 months. It's still, it's, nah, it wasn't 10 months, it was like Two months. We, so we started the conversations. Yeah, but February From the time We got the check, oh yeah, yeah. After the big check. So in October we still didn't get it right. And then in November everything happened. And then And, I knew it was over. It was over. We didn't even bother. So we never got the physical money. But also that's important to kind of clear up too, it wasn't a donation to us. It was, he wasn't investing in earning a leisure.


We were going to invest the money for him and the proceeds was gonna go to charity, right? So that's another thing. You know people kind of create their own narratives. Like, yo did, he gave y'all a million dollars so y'all can't talk about him. He never gave us a million dollars. And even if we did get the million, it was never, we would never, it was never going to our bank account. It was never going to earn your leisure. It was going to be invested. Right? But, but yeah. That, that never actually ended up happening.


Well, how can they get tickets for Invest Fest? Invest fest.com. You can get your tickets. It is still a couple days left to enter to the Nipsey Hussle business grant. Ask this opportunity to win a hundred thousand. But yeah, come to Invest Fest, man. We got so many great speakers. It's August 23rd to August 25th in Atlanta, Georgia, Georgia World Congress Center. It's our fourth year doing it. And man, if you've never been, it's a life changing experience. Something that we definitely are looking forward to. And thank you guys for allowing us to come on the platform to talk about it. Appreciate it.


Oh, we appreciate y'all, appreciate y'all. And it's the, the biggest year impact and we got, this is, this is breaking news, $25,000. We talked about the Lau Hill initiative. We talked about the Nipsey Fund, 25,000 we'll be giving in the marketplace as well. So that's breaking News alert right now. 25 to marketplace, 25,000 to vendor trying To Bevel to bevel our team Bevel be They doing that. So, Wow. So that's gonna be incredible. Well it's Earn your leisure. It's The, Breakfast, Club. Good morning. Morning everybody. The only thing I hate about working at a hip hop radio station is Thieves, right? Because If, you should get to lock the door. People will go in and just steal stuff. So I just want whoever I want. Whoever went in our office and stole those brand new air pods and all that other stuff outta that black book bag, You know it's a camera right there in front of the office door.


They take out your bag. Yes. So all we gonna do is look at the camera and see who took it. I want you to know that somebody stole your air pods out your your bag. Brand new Air pods. They weren somebody. It was a gift somebody gave me. They were all in a, it was in a black bag, but we, we, we gonna find a person and then I'm gonna get 'em. Donkey today live on the radio. Oh, that's all. Well, I'm gonna steal these chairs. The thrones that we don't use. I'm gonna steal 'em for the car show to repeat. You can add those them things hurt my back that got out that throne. Yeah. Well anyway, let's get to Jess with the mess. Let's go Real Jessica, Robin Moore. Jess don't do no lying. Don't nobody Worldwide, just worldwide on The. Breakfast Club.


She's a ship. She was able to get y'all to see something and understand something that nobody could get you to see. It's time to set the door And to, and to stop from being embarrassed, I would return those air pods immediately because You know just run by the office. Just throw me there. Y'all You know how how stupid I get. Yeah, because there this camera right there. Just throw 'em back in there. Just put 'em back in all in there. Everyth. If. you turn out the black bag, just put it back. If not, don't worry about it. Oh, 'cause This's gonna get nasty. See, just, I don't know what it was, but just throw it back in there and I'm gonna get you fired. If, you work here. I'm let You know that. Yeah. Alright, well just want you to know that too. All right. Well yesterday ti was arrested at Atlanta Airport and this is the reason why A case of mistaken identity sends Atlanta rapper ti to jail authorities placed ti whose real name is Clifford Harris in handcuffs at Hartsville Jackson Atlanta International Airport.


And he was taken to the Clayton County jail. Sunday night officers had a warrant for Clifford Harris. But the Harris they were looking for was out of Baltimore Maryland. Police say the suspect is wanted on charges of stalking and violent behavior toward a woman. Ti was released after he contacted his lawyer. This is how I know Atlanta has led too many transplants in. 'cause there is no way in hell somebody from Atlanta is arresting TIP in Atlanta. There's no such makes no thing as a mistaken identity cliff and Harris from Baltimore like that in Atlanta. When I, when I read that story, the first thing I thought was like that couldn't have been Atlanta. And that's what I thought. Lo and behold. But it was Atlanta Airport. No, there's just some people you don't mistake in Atlanta. I know nowadays y'all be mistaken.


Ti I for Keith Lee, but no, not in Atlanta. Makes no sense. So he was released and it was a mistaken identity. Now yesterday we had Polo G on, but is that all you get though? Like you just I'm sorry I after No, I missed my flight. I'm sure TI had a show or he had somewhere to be emotional. He probably missed that. Emotional distress. Emotional distress. Like there's a lot of things that go into you just locking me up like You know nobody wants to be arrested. Embarrassment. That's what I'm saying. I know. I don't like that. You can't just say, I'm sorry, my bad. You just hurt my sponsorship. I was gonna get a sponsor with somebody. Now they just pulled back. That's what I'm saying. Nah. Have they seen me in cuffs? Nah. Can't just be a, my bad. I'm sorry. They gotta be some type of conversation.


All right, now Polo G was on The Breakfast Club yesterday and this went viral yesterday. We had a conversation about Polo G about everything. His new project, his new album. But recently Polo G's mom and sister got into an altercation where Polo G's mom fired some shots at the daughter and he explained it and broke it down yesterday. When you see family public issues spill over the social media like You know everybody saw the situation between your mom and your sister. Do you intervene or do you let them work that up? For sure. I'm always intervene. It is like, I don't wanna see no shit like that. So I'm gonna always try to get in between and before it go too far, that gotta be rough. If, you didn't go too far. It was fighting and shooting at, except this is Chicago.


You in Chicago. I might have to start adding Chicago with Florida. He said before it go too far, it went too far. They was fighting and shooting polo. Like is it even something that can be worked out, you think? Yeah, for sure. Every everybody family go through go through. Like that's I'm accustomed to. And how do you intervene? 'cause you can't pick a side. It's, it is like, you almost gotta just try to put 'em both in the room and be like, let's have this conversation. Yeah, that's, that's definitely the angle to take. 'cause my sister a pretty headstrong person. She her mother child You know. How do you squash that after your mom shoots at you? How do you squash that after your child puts hands on you like salute Stacey, your Mack You know Polo G's mother. That's my partner. Salute to a sister too. I do hope they work that out or they may not 'cause I don't know.


If, you can trust your child again after they attack you. And You know if you're forced to defend yourself with a firearm, maybe they better off staying away from each other. I, yes.


It started with a backpack at the 1996 Centennial Olympic Games. A backpack that contained a bomb while the authorities focused on the wrong suspect, A serial bomber planned his next attacks, two abortion clinics and a lesbian bar. But this isn't his story. It's a human story. One that I've become entangled with. I saw as soon as I turned the corner, basically someone bleeding out. The victims of these brutal attacks were left to pick up the pieces, forced to explore the gray areas between right and wrong life and death. Their once ordinary lives and mine changed forever. It kind Of gave me a feeling of, of pending doom. And all the while our country found itself facing down a long and ugly reckoning with a growing threat. Far right, homegrown religious terrorism. Listen to Flashpoint on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts or wherever you get your podcasts.


This could be the craziest podcast pairing ever. The governor of California, Gavin Newsom and Superbowl Champ, Marshawn Beast Mode Lynch our politician. What does Politicking Even mean? There's bridging gaps with no politics Joined by their friend and agent Doug Hendrickson. It's gonna be a wild ride. We can change The World podcast by podcast You talk, Listen to politicking with Gavin Newsom, Marshawn Lynch and Doug Hendrickson on America's number one podcast network. iHeart open your free iHeart app and search politician and start listening.


In the summer of 2020, in the small mountain town of Idlewild, California, five women disappeared in the span of just a few months. Eventually I found out what happened to the women. All except one, a woman named Lydia Abrams known as dear. Her friends and family ran through endless theories. Was she hurt hiking? Did she run away had she been kidnapped? I'm Lucy Sheriff. I've been reporting this story for four years. And, I've uncovered a tangled web of manipulation, estranged families and greed. Everyone it seems has a different version of events. Hear the story on where's Dear my new podcast from Pushkin Industries and iHeartPodcasts, listen on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts or wherever you listen to podcasts.


Yo, it's Big bank. Check out my podcast perspective with Bank on the Black Effect podcast network. Each and every Monday perspective with bank podcasts will feature individuals from different backgrounds all walks of life who come together to share their unique perspective and engaging enlightened conversation for what you think the biggest disconnect between men and women is. I think the biggest disconnect is, is now there is a role reversal. I feel like almost scientifically if, if there's not a, in my opinion, my perspective, a natural order of the man be in the head and the one following the relationship will almost always failed. Unlike my work as a music artist and executive, I unlock diverse thought provoking viewpoints and experiences on a wide range perspective that you never knew you needed. But don't women know off the rip before they hit 'em with the okay that this ain't even me once my feeling change. We for our supposed change at the same time. Yeah, at the same time. But You know what I'm saying. But you got, they just want a woman period. Every Monday, listen to Perspective Bank on Black Effect Podcast Network, iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts or wherever you get your podcasts.


What's good, it's Coleen Witt. And Eating While Broke is Back for season three. Brought to you by the Black Effect Podcast Network and iHeartRadio. We're serving up some real stories and life lessons from people like Van Latton. TMZ was starting a tour. Harvey came and took the tour by July. I'm on TV every day. I endear myself to the audience. He comes in, he goes, we're gonna give you a raise. Think maybe a year or two years after that I was a producer DC young flag. It wasn't really no way for us to make income off of Vine like that. It was more so notoriety. Once that popped off, it was like people was following it. And. I ain't even know how big it was. I ain't even know people was doing this on they spare time. I was don't do that kids, that's bad. It was, it was crazy that it had to be that real and that Harsh Bone Thugs and Harmony. Our mission was we was telling everybody in the hood, we finna go meet Eazy-E We about to come back and do a video. Of course we didn't Know, so we was lying like a mother. Little do we know we speak in reality and we going to come back with a bus and camera crew And many more. They're sharing the dishes that got them through their struggles and the wisdom they gained along the way. We're cooking up something special. So tune in every Thursday, listen to eating while Broke on the Black Effect podcast network, iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts or wherever you get your podcasts Presented by State Farm Like a good neighbor. State Farm is there.


I think the latter of both of them makes more sense Now. Also yesterday that which was trending is Charlemagne did an interview or had a conversation with Big Sean. This is his new interview series called Out of Context. But during this conversation he talked about possibly Big Sean marrying Janae Aiko and he broke down why he feels like they're not married as of yet. What's stopping y'all from getting married? Are y'all already did one of those secret industry Weddings? No, there has not been a secret industry marriage. It's a, it is a, it's a little personal. Just like any people who have dealt with love. We've had our ups and downs, And, I think it's still finding the right navigation through it all. To me, marriage symbolizes like the best relationship.


You know people be like, oh you gotta get married to me. I feel like having a relationship is first and foremost and like marriage is a byproduct of that And I feel like a lot of people get the idea of like, oh, you have to get married. To me, that's almost a fear-based way of thinking too. Because then people be getting divorced. The divorce rate's so high and I'm not like discounting anything. And I'm not saying that we aren't gonna get married, but what I'm saying is, is that there's a lot of work that needs to be done. Yeah. So he was trending yesterday on the reason why You know Big Sean and and Janine Aiko have not been engaged or not married as of yet. I mean listen, the, the, the ups and downs never cease, right? Like that's what a marriage is. That's what a relationship is. You two humans who are constantly growing and evolving.


So just You know. Find somebody that you can grow and evolve with and everybody moves to their own pace. Like my wife And I have been together for 26 years. You know we, we've been together since we was teenagers, but we didn't get married until 2014. So we've been married. We will be married 10 years this year. Okay. Drop on a coupon for us. So, so everyone moves at their own pace. I don't have a problem with the brother saying he needs to do more work on himself, but I'll just tell you this marriage is a constant work in progress. Okay? And and what he said, obviously they're not on the same page and certain things that they want get on that same page before they get married and that's not a problem. But you might, yeah, but you might, some days you may be on the same page, correct. Some days you may not. That's my whole point. Like You know, like you're two different individuals who come together to form this unit. So you hope that you're on the same page more than not.


But there's gonna be days that you aren't. And that's fine too. Like, like I said, marriage is a constant work in progress. Humans, we are always under construction. So I would just tell You, know anybody out there, put your hard hat on and find someone you wanna build with for the rest of your life. That's right. And lastly, Kalani, her baby father is accusing her of being in a religious and sexual cult. Now he's claiming that the leader of, excuse me. Say what? Yes, he's saying that he believes Kani is involved in a cult, a religious cult and sexual cult. He says the leader of so-called cult, which we don't have a name, has multiple sexual assault allegations and believes their daughter could be at risk of being a victim.


He said he is tired. He said he claimed that she lied about him being gay. He said he's not gay. He said he's not lied about him being a gay sperm donor to support her narrative of being a lesbian. And he said he's tired. He said for the last six years they've been calling me gay and I'm not gay. Okay. So that's the context of this revelation that she called him gay. Now by the way, what's a gay sperm donor? What does that mean exactly? Could somebody break that down for me? I guess I'm not the highest grade of weed in the dispensary. A gay sperm donor. Is this a sperm donor who's gay? Yes. So what does the gay have to do with it? Well, why can't you just be a sperm donor? Why you gotta be a gay sperm donor? What he's saying is then go into a, tell me what he was saying and I'll say allegedly is, allegedly, he was saying that they were besties and she used his sperm to get pregnant.


But he's saying that's not true. He told, she told allegedly she told people. Oh, so gave, he gave the gays, he gave hold on. He gave the gay sperm to sm He gave the sperm to two lesbians. Correct. Okay. Because he, I don't make him a gay sperm. Don't. He donated some sperm to some gays, but Yeah, but I guess she was saying that he was gay and he's saying he's not gay and that they didn't, I just like the story for no reason. Explain to me because I really can't understand. Come on. Oh my goodness. All right. Well he's just mad because he said he gave up his sperm and that he is not gay. And he said the only reason that he didn't come out is because the narrative of them being a lesbian. He didn't want to ruin.


So he, how did they, that came out and that's what made it gay. Oh my goodness. I don't know how they got the sperm. They're saying that maybe they had some sexual relations, but I guess did a man, Dr. Milham, is that why he feels gay? You know what? I'm just trying to figure out how does the gay happen here? Okay, I am a little confused. Oh man. Nobody wanna help young out help on out man. No, no. Oh my gosh man, that is just with the mess man. The man just said he's not gay. He don't wanna be gay. Stop calling him gay. The last six years he's been gay forever and he don't wanna be gay no more. I ain't worried about the gay. I'm just trying to figure out how the gay and the sperm don come together. But I'll figure it out later. I don't want talk.


It is enough. It's enough. Y'all take nothing serious man. We giving that donkey to man. Boy. After the hour we need Rashaan. Aju, okay? To come to the front of the congregation. We like to have a word with him. Police. I know what race he is. I don't know what race he is. I can tell you he's not African but we'll talk about it. All right, we'll get to it Next. Breakfast Local morning. You are chicken out The Breakfast Club. Your Execution on the donkey of the day is something to go. He gave me Donkey of the Day. And. I deserve. The people Need to know. Well you need to tell them I am because you have the Voice. Tell them. Tell tell them It's time for Donkey of the Day. It's a re but you're so good at it.


You trying to be a fake ass Charlamagne there only one charlamagne above Charlamagne Damn Charlamagne Who give you giving Dusty today to now? Well sexy Red Donkey today for Tuesday August 6th. It is Tuesday, August 6th, right? Lemme make sure yes, goes to a 30 5-year-old man named Rashan Shale. No, Rashan Shawa Aju. I don't know if I pronounce this man's name right, but let's get to the story. Rashaan is likely headed for trial according to LA County. Superior Court records because he was arrested on October 18th. What was Rashaan arrested for? Well, he was arrested because he was accused of trying to steal a hash brown at gunpoint from a McDonald's. I repeat. He was accused of trying to steal a hash brown at gunpoint from a McDonald's, not even with a real gun.


Okay, A replica pistol. See y'all think I be lying but you can look this up. The victim reported that Rashaan arrived at the third window in the drive through line and demanded a third hash brown after ordering two. Okay, big back behavior. The employee of the mc, the employee of the McDonald's, let the suspect know that he only paid for two and the suspect Rashan told the McDonald's employee, don't you with me while using the employee's name from his name tag. So let's just paint the picture. If the guy's name that worked at McDonald's was Calvin Rashan kept saying, don't you with me Calvin. Well clearly he thought Calvin was still laughing with him. So he Rashan or Rashon went to his vehicle, pulled out a firearm, the fake gun, a prosthetic pistol, If you will a silicone scrap A GMO gat.


He pointed this impossible piece, this beyond biscuit at the employee and said these hash browns ain't dying for you. He didn't really say that, but in my mind that's how he was bringing it. Okay? But he did point the firearm at the victim's chest and the McDonald's employee said he gave up the third hash brown because he was in fear of his life. You think? And can you believe Rashaan had a wife, investigators identified the SUV that he was driving and it was registered in his wife's name, right? They served a search warrant on their home and the victim positively identified Rashaan out of a lineup and deputies found a black Glock 19 style compressed air fired pistol during their search of the Canyon County home.


This man had a house, the SUV and a wife and he robbing people for hash browns. Now he's facing two to five years in prison. The judge denied a motion by Rashad's counsel. They wanted a mental health diversion for him citing the aggravating and mitigation factors. I don't even know what that means, but I do believe Rashaan is dealing with some type of mental health issues. 'cause you don't flip out like that over no damn hash brown. A hash brown and you already had two. Okay? Robbing a McDonald's for a hash brown is like sticking up a Starbucks for a free wifi code. Okay? It's like robbing a seven 11 for a free Slurpee refill. If, you are gonna commit a crime, at least steal something that doesn't cost less than your bus fair home.


And you ain't even need bus fair because you're at an UV. Okay? Who the hell wants to spend two to five years in prison? Because they committed grand theft breakfast. All right, nobody in prison gonna take you serious. Your cell ask you what you in for and you say stealing hash browns, then your cell turns to you and says your ass brown. Okay? That's what things can get tricky. What? All right Robin McDonald's for a hash brown. How hungry do you have to be the risk? Five to 10 years for a dollar menu item. Okay, now there is a part of me that respects the basicness of it all though. Okay? Rashaan walked into a McDonald's with a GMO ga and what did he demand? Not the hotcakes, not a sausage biscuit. Okay? By the way, McDonald's is 2024. Can we get chicken sausage biscuits, Turkey sausage biscuits please.


No pork on my for, but he, he didn't want either. Rashaan didn't want any of that. He wanted a hash brown. You gotta respect the simplicity. Forget what's in the cash register. He wanted that fried potato. Okay? Who knew you could turn big back breakfast cravings into a felony? Now I have the president of the Fat Lives Matter committee. We don't have the wobble in there. Dude. I like whenever he walks in. And, I want the wobble play. Wob wobble, big Mac, baby Wobble, W Wob, wobble, You know anything concerning food? Big Mac wants to weigh in because You know he can break the scale. Mack the floor is yours. I hate short people man. I hate short people all the time. But I, I had to speak on this one because as the president I knew you was gonna shame this man.


And that's because you always looking at it from the the skinny committee. Talk to me. You're not looking at it from the other side of it. Okay, first off, do You know how much hash browns are these days? How much? $3 and 49 cents for one hash brown one. Don't believe that changes now. Huh? Dang. So he didn't rob McDonald's for a hash brown. He paid for three because hash browns used to be a dollar 3 49. Look, look. Do your research. You see that? See? Yes. Jesus Christ. Y'all. Y'all not part of it. I get the emails all the time, every time they change it. Dang. So he ain't robbed that. I used to pay a dollar for it. So technically when he got his receipt saw $3 he said, oh wait a minute. I didn't pay for three hash browns.


I only got two. Let me pull up, let me get that other one. Well that wouldn't make no sense 'cause he bought two. So then that way that'd be like almost $7 until he saw his receipt said, oh, they charged me for three. I gotta go back around. Lemme get that third one. Well, technically If you see $7. That'd be, they would charge him for like seven or eight based off the the logic you used. Right. But he's probably was getting frustrated. 'cause You know the gas prices is high too. So he's like, I'm not gonna keep looping around. That's why he pulled the gun out. Mm. I'm more mad that he kept the gun for the cops to find him than he is about doing the hash brown thing. Please give Rashan Rashan. I ii the biggest. He, huh? Okay. Matter fact, give some sweet signs of the tones too Of the day.


You the doggy of the day. He Don't. No, no. Rashan And I don't. No, I'm taking the donkey back don't you? No, you, you do. You do God's work sir. You're still standing here like you in line at the cookout. Okay. Right while you still here, right? Your plate is full. I'll be mad 'cause you gotta sit at the kids table. Damn. You don't think McDonald's should get a little bit of that for hash Browns being three 19. Yes. And then You know they don't sell it all day like some of the other breakfast items. So he was probably like, damn, I only got like 30 minutes. Let me swing back around real quick. And then the, what'd you say Charles or Chuck? That everybody tried to be a hero.


Calvin. Calvin. Everybody tried to be a hero when they worked the fast food. Just give me the damn hash brown You know there's headlines about this. Like $3 for a single McDonald's hash brown. Yeah. That customers are fed up and pushing back. You're welcome. This was on case. This is from February, 2024. AFL's Crazy. Yeah. Wow. I can put y'all on the email chain if y'all want. Nah, I'm good. You sure? Yeah, I'm good. It's easy. No, I'm all right. Big back snacks@gmail.com. Alright, well thank you for that donkey today, sir. Mac is voting for whoever can lower the price of hash browns at McDonald's. McDonald's. Come on. That's why, that's why Michelle was doing all that healthy food. I said, wait a minute, Michelle Obama. You got it. You got it. Goodbye Mack. Goodbye. You want Tatu for Trump or Hash Brown for Harris?


Which one? Which one you want? Now when we come back, Edgar Langa will be joining us. Of course. He's fighting Canelo Alvarez on September 14th in Vegas. So we gonna kick it with Edgar Langa when we come back. So don't move us. The. Breakfast. Club. Good morning, The. Breakfast Club. Morning everybody. It's DJ Envy. Just hilarious. Charlamagne the guy. We are The Breakfast. Club. Yes indeed. Of course. We got act with us today 'cause we got a special guest in the building. Edgar Langa. Welcome brother. What's up my boy? How's everything man? How are you man? How real Good. How you feeling? Big fight coming up. Yes sir. September 14th against Canelo Alvarez. How you feeling about it? Amazing man. You know, I'm highly blessed, man to be in this position.


You know I'm not supposed to be here. You went through a lot of trials and tribulations, you feel me? And You know we got here man. We did You know all the hard work is paid off. Man. And. I started boxing at seven years old and 20 years later, man, You know I'm fighting the biggest fight of my life. Wow. Now you wanted this fight for a long time. You've been calling it out. You've been saying it. Yeah. So what, what finally got the deal done. You know, I've been, I've been talking about this for years, man. You know, even before we was about to turn pro with my coach You know, we seen Canelo rising and we was just like, yo, listen man. Like it's the fight that's gonna happen soon. Something big You know Puerto Rico is just Mexico and I feel like do my hard work keeping God first. It happen, it manifesting you feel me? Like just talking about it, putting out there in the universe. Are you nervous at all? You know?


'cause it's, it's like you said, you grew up watching him and, and watching boxing. He was one of the people that you like watching. You idol a lot. So it's kind of like, as a kid, it's like playing your LeBron or playing your your Jordan. Do do you get nervous for, for playing one of your, your idols fighting one of your idols at all? I wouldn't say nervous. I'm just excited, man. Like, I'm not gonna lie, I was like on two hours of sleep the day before yesterday. I was just going, bro. Mm. I was in the gym to the track, working my coach like, yo bro, you, you ain't take nothing. No you ain't because you, you up, bro. Like they was, they was trying to put me to sleep You. know what I'm saying? Like, yo, go, go take a nap. You know we only got two hours. We just, we just landed in New York at 10 in the, at 10 in the morning. I was like, well, I'm going man. Like, that's it. The fight's here, man.


The fight starts now. You know And I. I'm excited. There's opportunity to make history, man, You, know what I'm saying? And I'm from New York, Puerto Rican, You know I'm from the trenches and You know a lot of people's depending on me, You know what I'm saying? And through me, people that never made it to that, to that level, I win. They all gonna win. You know this weekend, You know, I, I just came from, from from LA, the Crawford fight. And during the fight, Ella Sheik put out an offer to Canelo for the bud fight. So in other words, they're looking past you, right? Yeah. He's already thinking about Terence Crawford fighting Canelo Res. How does that make you feel? I was upset looking at it. 'cause they just kept mentioning You, know what I'm saying? And I'm like, damn, they overlooking me. But You know it was bound to happen. You feel me? Like I feel like now all my life I've been overlooked You.


know what I'm saying? Even me, when I turned Pro You know all the promoters didn't wanna sign me, nobody wanted to sign me. They was like, nah, we don't want 'em. Why you think that is? I have no clue, bro. For real, for real. Like I went to the Olympic trials, I lost. So we, we were supposed to go to Puerto Rico, but I had a, I had an injury. We was just like, yo, we gonna turn pro. So when we wound up turning Pro, no promoters wanted me, but I stood 10 toes down. I told Mark, I told my dad You know. They was just like, yo, listen, they gonna want you soon. And when I went in the gym, 'cause nobody, nobody wanted to sign me, right? So I was like, okay, copy And, I more. I'm used to this You, know what I'm saying? I'm used to being the underdog. I'm used to being in this position. And what started happening, I started knocking people out in the first round. So that Knockout streak started that, that right there.


16 first round knockout streak, right? Yeah. So that right there was like the key start to everything. You feel me? Like, I was like, yo, these people out here is really ducking me. They, they, they don't see my worth. They don't see, okay, And, I started pointing people out. Boom, boom, boom, boom. Next thing You know, I got the city shaking. Our promoters just calling us. Did that help or hurt though? The reason I ask is when you knock everybody out in the first round, everybody expects that every fight. Yeah. So If, you don't, and you take somebody to the distance or you take somebody to the sixth round, they're like, Edgar fell off. He ain't the same. But you can't knock out everybody in the first round. Yeah. So did that help or hurt? It's always a gift, you feel me? 'cause I feel like God, You know God definitely blessed me with this power, you feel me? And this inner strength that I got is crazy. So, but then it You know.


I felt like it was a curse a little bit too. 'cause You know people now, all they expect is knockouts now. So they don't really look at, they don't wanna look at my boxing skills. They don't wanna look at me boxing and moving around and hitting. Don't get hit no more. You know. They like, ah, this dude's a bummed. You feel me? So I went five straight fights to distance. And yo people been like, trashing me bad You. know what I'm saying? On social media, And, I say it's a curse, right? 'cause You know you knocking people out and people get used to that. You feel me? People get used to the knockouts, knockouts, knockouts and boxing's not about that. You feel me? Like the first rounds was cool, don't get me wrong 'cause it blew me up quick You know what I'm saying? In two years, next thing You know, I got Lil Wayne on my phone. I I start, I'm, I'm going to Tracy Morgan's crib. You know I built a crazy relationship with him. And then You know Fat Joe been with me since before that.


So it's crazy. You know Khalid Plant said you are an unworthy challenger for Canelo. He said You got a weak chin, lack of experience and poor technical boxing skills. He said, you have no experience against genuine world class opposition. And you struggled against the marginal competition that your promoters have carefully selected for you to maintain your unbeaten record. What do you say to that? He's a hater. Hurry. See You know. It's the thing with him, right? And I told him when I seen him, when I seen him in Vegas, I said, yo, I got a lot of respect for you. 'cause you've been at that level You. know what I'm saying? Even though you lost, but you been at that level. Like you fought Canelo, you fought Benavidez, And, I gotta give you that respect. You got it. You got to that level. You feel me? But I feel like now he clout chasing you feel me? He's doing a lot of weird just to be relevant again.


You feel me? And a lot of people know, dude don't sell. You feel me? He don't sell unless he he, unless he's fighting a big, a big fighter. You feel me? I'm like, you a hater bro. 'cause when it was your time to shine, when it was your time to step in that ring with Klow and all these guys, I never bashed you. I never said nothing about you You. know what I'm saying? I let you have your moment, but you ain't take your opportunity. You feel me? You lost, you got knocked out. So how did that in Vegas, I saw you guys going back and forth on a clip that went viral and you say you was giving him respect. So how did it turn into you guys going back and forth? Because what, what did he say to you? What was his response? Yeah, because yo, bro, at the end of the day, I'm from, I'm from New York, bro. I'm from the trenches bro. You feel me? So it's different how you come, you going, if I'm giving you respect, you gonna respect me. You feel me? And, I, I gave him that respect, but he just kept going and going and going. Saying What though?


Yo Bro, what's up bro? You gonna gimme that fight? Yo? I'm like, nah, I'm focusing on September. I got Canelo. Oh, so he Was talking about wanting To fight you, but but forget about that If. you don't get Canelo. What's up? I'm like, nah, it's not, I'm not even worrying about that. Like I got a plan A we sticking with that. He just kept going and going. Oh yeah, but what happened with the spawning? He talking about spawning. I was like 17 years old. So you spa at 17? Yeah. And I'm like, but what happened in the sixth round? I you up And, I. I, I blew y'all in the sixth round with a body shot. You ran out the ring. Oh, he started, oh, oh, I'm all right. So that's when You know I got him on New York. So I just got So you were Years old when you were spawning with He was a pro already. Yeah, He was pro And. I just turned it up on him. You. know what I'm saying? Like If, you don't viral fight Joe. Call me like yo. Alright, we got more with Boxer Edgar Langa when we come back.


He's fighting Canelo Alvarez on September 14th in Vegas. We'll talk to him Some more's. The. Breakfast, Club. Good morning. Morning everybody. It's De j Envy. Just hilarious. Charlamagne the guy. We are The Breakfast Club. We also have ake our boxing analyst. We're still kicking it with Edgar Balanga. He's fighting Canelo Alvarez. September 14th in Vegas. Now Charlamagne is, is there any constructive criticism to take from something like Khali said? Like when you hear, when you hear the things that he listed? Do you so You know what, maybe I do need to improve on my boxing skills a little bit. Or maybe I do need to to move my head a little bit more. Like,


It started with a backpack at the 1996 Centennial Olympic Games. A backpack that contained a bomb. While the authorities focused on the wrong suspect, A serial bomber planned his next attacks, two abortion clinics and a lesbian bar. But this isn't his story. It's a human story. One that I've become entangled with. I saw as soon as I turned the corner, basically someone bleeding Out. The victims of these brutal attacks were left to pick up the pieces, forced to explore the gray areas between right and wrong life and death. Their once ordinary lives and mine changed forever. It Kind of gave me a feeling of, of pending doom. And all the while our country found itself facing down a long and ugly reckoning with a growing threat. Far right, homegrown religious terrorism. Listen to Flashpoint on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts.


This could be the craziest podcast pairing ever. The governor of California, Gavin Newsom and Super Bowl champ Marshawn Beast Mode Lynch our politician. What is Politicking even mean? There's bridging gaps with no politics Joined by their friend and agent Doug Hendrickson. It's gonna be a wild ride. We can change. The World podcast by podcast huge. Listen to politician with Gavin Newsom, Marshawn Lynch, and Doug Hendrickson on America's number one podcast network. iHeart open your free iHeart app and search politician and start listening.


In the summer of 2020, in the small mountain town of Idlewild, California, five women disappeared in the span of just a few months. Eventually I found out what happened to the women. All except one, a woman named Lydia Abrams known as dear. Her friends and family ran through endless theories where she hurt hiking. Did she run away had she been kidnapped? I'm Lucy Sheriff. I've been reporting this story for four years and I've uncovered a tangled web of manipulation, estranged families and greed. Everyone it seems has a different version of events. Hear the story on where's Dear my new podcast from Pushkin Industries and iHeartPodcasts, listen on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts or wherever you listen to podcasts.


Yo, it's Big bank. Check out my podcast perspective with Bank on the Black Effect podcast network. Each and every Monday perspective with Bank podcast will feature individuals from different backgrounds all walks of life who come together to share their unique perspective and engaging enlightened conversation. What you think the biggest disconnect between men and women is? I think the biggest disconnect is, is now there is a role reversal. I feel like almost scientifically if, if there's not a, in my opinion, my perspective, a natural order of the man being the head and the one following the relationship will almost always fail. I like my work as a music artist and executive. I unlock diverse thought provoking viewpoints and experiences on a wide range perspective that you never knew you needed. But don't women know off the rip before they hit 'em with the okay that this ain't even me once my feeling change. We for our feelings supposed to change at the same time. Yeah, at the same Time. But You know what I'm saying boys, you got, they just want a woman period. Every Monday, listen to Perspective Bank on Black Effect Podcast Network, iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts or wherever you get your podcasts.


What's good, it's Coleen Wit And Eating While Broke is Back for season three. Brought to you by the Black Effect Podcast network and iHeartRadio. We're serving up some real stories and life lessons from people like Van Latton. TMZ was starting a tour. Harvey came and took the tour by July. I'm on TV every day. I endear myself to the audience. He comes in, he goes, we're gonna give you a raise. I think maybe a year or two years after that I was a producer DC Young Fly. It wasn't really no way for us to make income off of Vine like that. It was more so notoriety. Once that popped off, it was like people was following it. And I ain't know how big it was. I ain't know people was doing this on they spare time. I was don't do that kids, that's bad. It was, it was crazy that it had to be that real and that harsh Phone Thugs and Harmony. Our mission was, we was telling everybody in the hood, we finna go meet Eazy-E We about to come back and do a video. Of course we didn't know. So we was lying like a mother. Little Do we know we speak in reality and we going to come back with a bus and camera crew And many more. They're sharing the dishes that got them through their struggles and the wisdom they gained along the way. We're cooking up something special. So tune in every Thursday, listen to eating while Broke on the Black Effect podcast network, iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts or wherever you get your podcasts Eating while Presented by State Farm Like. a good neighbor. State Farm. is there


You listen to any of that? Nah, I don't know. No. You talking So You know outside of plant you mentioned the social media. They've been attacking you saying you don't deserve the Canelo fight. You haven't done enough to, to earn that fight. What do you say to to those people that aren't giving you a shot and saying you don't deserve a fight. Even if quote unquote we would. We, I would've deserved a fight. They still would've been talking bro. I'm probably the top. I'm probably like between me, Al, Devin, Ryan and who else is out there that and me. It's five of us that everybody hate and boxing. You heard? And they've been like that for a while already. You feel me? And I'm gonna always be like this bro. Like it goal gonna be hate. Does it affect you though? Do you read that and be like, I gotta change this Or does it bother you at all?


Nah, I don't know. Before when it first started I used to, yo, I'm not gonna lie, I went through a little depression bro. I, 'cause I never received crazy backlash like that. You feel me? After that, right. When I did the Mike Tyson bite. Right, right on that gudo. Right. And and they suspended me and then it was just trashing me bro. For like eight months bro. Why was the people that, dunno what? Yeah. What got into you that night? Nah. So listen, look, first of all, the guy came in overweight like three pounds. Cool. He came in on, on purpose. He came in overweight. He did some here like came in overweight. He didn't wanna lose the weight. They was about to take like 50,000 from his, from his check. He said, yo, the day before the fight, yo, if they'll take 50,000 from me, the fight's off. So whatever. He came overweight. Obviously I made the weight. Well isn't there rules for that? Like If you do. We have to. But listen, his coach did an interview after I beat him and said that they, their tactic was to come in three pounds of weight so they don't gotta be weight drained so they could absorb my punches better.


You feel me? So he didn't get fight. He didn't, they didn't take the 50 grand from him. He kept it. Nah, no, no. Top rank had to pay me 'cause if not they would've, the fight would've been off was Puerto Rican Day weekend You. know what I'm saying? Tickets were sold. It was a sold out event. So they was like, nah, I don't know You. know what I'm saying? So for Those that don't know, the money goes to you. Yeah, a thousand percent. And so I got this dude on YouTube as a crazy fan of me. He broke the whole 10 rounds down. But how Dirty Angulo was fighting You, know what I'm saying? Like he split me open with a elbow. He was throwing shots like when he was throwing up. 'cause he was like You, know what I'm saying? Throwing, hitting me. All I felt was headbutts and elbows the first four rounds, you feel me? So that was already getting me like upset. And then I told the ref before the fight in the back, we was like, yo listen, this dude's a dirty fighter so you gotta watch it with Headbutts and with elbows.


Yeah. Yeah. But he wasn't You, know what I'm saying? He wasn't warn him man. Warn him and nothing. So it was just off. I don't know. I was just almost ah come over here. Were You thinking about Tyson when you did it? Yeah bro. Like whatever. Now Bud had a hit list, right? A a list of everybody that talked negative about him. So when he won he was able to check off the list. Charlamagne was one of them. Do you have that same type of list of everybody that talk smack and be like, when I win I'm going back to check be last person. Oh yeah, for sure. Man, I got a whole list bro. I probably got like a thousand people. Name a couple. Name a couple that we would know that. That's on That list. List. That's on that list. Yeah, it is more like bloggers and shit You. know what I'm saying? Like people I see on Twitter. What About fighters? Obviously Kayla Plant.


Yeah, Kayla plant ass Benavidez as his father. Morrell. That's about it. That's baby Morrell. Yeah, but as the, for the fighters? Yeah, them right there. That's the only one I really seen. Like oh and probably I seen like a little podcast. Nobody be worrying about him. No, but Terence Crawford, they me. He always be chatting. Steven Nelson. Steven Nelson. Yeah, him too. When is the last time you've been, this doubted going into a fight ever? Nah, this is the first time. Yeah. Is crazy. Nah, this is crazy. They saying first round, second round KO David taking bullshit. Yeah. Said yeah he not making bread. That's why he tight. Look, he just, he just fought at 1 75 and went the distance clown too.


That's what I'm saying. Everybody always want to talk, talk to You. know what You know You know what it is they've been chasing trying to chase this dude, you feel me? And me. I just had my feet up and it's to my back and the fight just came to me, you feel me? And these guys is doing extra like trying to You know provoke Carlo, trying to do a lot of things to get this fight. Got it. How much, how much has your son impacted your life since he was born? A lot. Man. Like that's my little twin right there. You. know what I'm saying? It happened so quick. Wait, wait. With my girl You know she got pregnant quick You, know what I'm saying? I seen her and we started vibing now and then three months, You know she came out pregnant. And I was, I was cool with it. Like And I was a guy that I wasn't really into relationship Three months after into the relationship.


Yeah, but it felt like three, four months protect herself at all times. No, no. That's say no, no, no. That's what the rough say. Take yourself at all times. Nah, but You know how when you find that one is like you feel like you already know. Absolutely. The grip and three, four months. It felt like we was together for like Four years. I know I ain't never found that one three months. But You know What I'm saying? It just felt normal. Like when she came pregnant, if it was another chick, I would've probably would've been like, I would've been going crazy like, nah yo man, nah, I don't know man, I'm not ready. But with her was like meant ready. Yeah, it was meant to be a hundred percent. So You gonna have some more? Yeah, I'm trying to go for the girl this year. Oh That To go for the girl. And how did that influence you when you going to the ring? Like do you, my son looks up to me You, know what I'm saying? He loves going to the gym with me.


You know he love, he does everything I do. You know. So now it's like I know I'm a role model for him. You feel me? So now I gotta change how I talk. I act how I carry myself even more in the ring. You know. I just look at him man. And, I know that You know this is the way I feed him You. know what I'm saying? This is the way I could provide a certain lifestyle for him and put him in the best schools and be able to afford it. I don't want him to be a boxer. I know he's gonna be a superstar. That's why I named him Chosen. I feel like You know he's gonna be some amazing in this world. And You know he needs a father like me. He needs that bread, he needs that bag behind him to put him in the right places, you feel me? And to and to take it to that level. So with that being said, You know just me 'cause of that You know. That's why I'm, I feel like I'm more focused than ever. If. you were to beat Canelo. I mean you, you'll be fighting for three straps that he has.


Yeah. Do you want to be undisputed like this legacy? Is legacy important to you? Like winning titles in different divisions? Oh, of course You know that's at the end of the day, that's why I've been boxing for 20 years, right? Like the money's gonna come. You know as long as I'm doing the right thing and I'm disciplined in the sport and I'm doing what I have to do in the sport, the money gonna come. Like sponsorship's gonna come endorsement, all that's gonna come. We just gotta focus on the main prize. And that's boxing You. know what I'm saying? And winning. As long as we doing that, everything gonna come You. know what I'm saying? And, and the legacy You, know what I'm saying? You focus on legacy. When you focus on legacy, you stamping your last name into the history books of boxing and You know with me, I got a big island You know it's small but it's big, right? And there's a lot of boxing fans out there. Probably 3 million people on the island and out 3 million, it's probably like 900,000 boxing fans.


You know. So I gotta go out there. And I, gotta put my name. I've been in the sport for 20 years, so I wanna go out there and put my name with the Grace You know when they mentioned Trinidad, when they mentioned Macho Camacho, fiddle Benitez, Miguel Cota, they gonna mention my last name. They gonna mention me. Alright, well the fight is September 14th at the T-Mobile Arena in Vegas. Good luck. Yes indeed, sir. Canelo Alvarez versus Edgar Langa. And we appreciate you for joining us, brother. Appreciate it man. Good luck. Edgar Langa, it's The. Breakfast. Club. Good morning The. Breakfast Club. Morning everybody. It's the DJ Envy. Jess. Hilarious Charlamagne the guy. We are The Breakfast. Club. Now Jess is out, she's on maternity leave and let's get get to the mess. News is real. Jessica Robin Moore just don't do no lying.


Don't She don't spare nobody Worldwide, just worldwide measure on The Breakfast Club. She's a cultureship. She Was able to get y'all to see something and understand something that nobody could get you to see. It's time to set it on. Now, vice President Kamala Harris is due to pick her vice president to pick at a rally in Philadelphia later today. People don't know. They believe it's between three people. Josh Shapiro, of course he's Pennsylvania Governor Tim Wal is Minnesota governor and they're saying Senator Mark Kelly from Arizona. I hope it's Governor Josh Shapiro and Governor Josh Shapiro's been here to The Breakfast Club.


He has, yeah, I think he'd be the best pick. That's a strong ticket. Harris Shapiro. I like, I like Governor Shapiro You know. He's like, when you, when he was here on The Breakfast Club, you, you hear him talk about a lot of different things. He's a strong advocate for workers' rights. He You know, led a lawsuit against opioid manufacturers. He led an investigation into clergy sexual abuse into Pennsylvania. His probation reform, his clean slate initiative. Like yeah, there's a lot of things in Pennsylvania that he's done that I like. So And I think it would be great, the fact that they actually rally in, in his town. I think that would be great if they, if they do pick Josh Shapiro and it just look fly. Who was it? Was it JFK that said politics is visual? They just, it just looks, they, they look fly together. They definitely do. You know. But, but, but more importantly, I like the the issues that he, that he stands for, but they say, they said it's between him and Governor Tim Walls in Minnesota.


And from what I saw, commentators like my guy Bakari seller Bakari Sellers dropping a C coupon for Bakari. I saw him on CNN last night and he was saying that Tim Walls does the least damage because there's been so many attacks on Governor Shapiro because of his stance on Israel and Gaza because he is Jewish. But I don't understand that logic because Governor Walls and Governor Josh Shapiro stance on Israel and Gaza are the same. Right? You know. So we'll see later today who she picks now also Harrison Bucker You know who Harrison Bucker is? No, he's the Kansas City Chief's kicker. Now he just, the reason I'm doing this story is because You know a lot of kids, You know they wanna be a quarterback or they want to be a running back or they wanna be wide receiver or a corner.


This gentleman just signed a, a new deal with a four year extension worth $25.6 million that includes 17.7 million guaranteed. And he kicks the ball 29 years old. So he just signed that with the chief. So he's gonna be making like 6.4, $6.5 million a year. Is he the highest paid kicker ever? Yeah, I don't know ever. But he's the one the highest kicker. The league. He the highest paid kicker Now. That's right. I need to see who's the highest paid kicker ever. If I just tell kids to go out here and be kickers behind him, I forget it. No, I'm serious man. Who's the highest paid NFL kicker? Well, behind Bucka is is Matt Gay? There's gay behind the buck.


So he's gay together there Gay bucks. They they gay bucks together. You can't make this up gay, but Oh, but oh his name is, but yes, Harrison Butcher. Yes. And okay behind him is Matt Gay and forget. I like that. I like that. Forget it. Gay. And, but we need you in the meeting immediately. Where's Gay and Butt at? Oh, shouldn't be but gay. What comes first? The butt of the game. See we play too much. But I didn't make this up. It's on the sheet. It just says right by right behind buck's. Forget it. All right, well lemme see what? Oh, he's the highest paid kick in NFL history.


Oh he is? Yeah. Okay, okay. Alright Now Nicki Minaj, what they call him? Harry Butt for short? Harry Butt. Oh my gosh. Alright, come on girl Up guys. Nope. All Nicki Minaj. It seems like she's calling out her sister You know her sister recently did an interview and she was talking about her getting into the industry. She was on the We in Miami podcast and this is what her sister had to say, her name was me. People used to say like, oh, if this person was your sister, why did she do this for you? Why did she do that for you? And it's like, I never needed her to help me get to my goal. I just needed her to see that I can do it and she can be proud of me without having to think that I needed to have an easy way to get to the top.


So what's Your current relationship with Nikki? We was never close. She was like always like busy. She be busy and stuff like that. I be doing my too, like even though people do think that like we are not cool, we're gonna argue. I'm not gonna lie. Me like my sister do be getting mad at me. Well Jasmine brand has just reported that Nicki Minaj responded. And this is what they're saying that Nicki's response to that interview is Why would a person speak on a person they love? Why would a person speak openly about a private person? Why would a person do that?


Who would you, who would you speak about in your interviews? If you if someone wanted to interview you yourself. Right. It's always a bad sign if or who has never been successful in your line of work is doing interviews with people in your line of work. I think y'all think talent, like you could catch it like a cold or, or maybe people could pass it through the genes. Even with blood relation, when God has given to me is mine, you have to go and get your own. You have to discover whatever it is that you're great at being a mooch and a clown. Don't run in my DNA Harsh truth, but she Right. Harsh truth. Nicki Mina's saying she right.


Just because I am successful and I'm doing well doesn't make make it seem like that you are, you still have to put in the work, the time and the energy and do your own due diligence. Yeah. Proximity to talent means nothing. Proximity to people with gifts means nothing. You have to find your own way. You have to find your own blessings and gifts. Well the, there was a time when Nikki's sister TA tagged us all and she said she wanted to come to Breakfast Club to tell our story. Yes she did. And I, remember all of us collectively said, well what does, what does she do? Correct. You know. Like we not gonna bring her up here to just, just because she discuss Nikki Nick's sister. Right? Yeah. That don't make any sense. Not at all. Not at all. So Nikki's, right. And lastly Chaw Rock. I know we haven't heard that name in a while.


She's facing up to eight years in prison on drug related charges. She's facing two charges. Failure to put a tax stamp on a controlled, dangerous substance and possession of CDS with intent to distribute. Now each charge carries a sentence of four years. The minimum sentence for each charge in Oklahoma is two years. She's currently detained in Oklahoma. She was taken from California and taken to Oklahoma where she's waiting on her tr date. And that is just as mess. Oh well just sin. Kamala Harris picks Minnesota Governor Tim Walls is running, mate. She did. That's what it just said five minutes ago. Mm. Wow. You know much about Tim Walls.


No, not really. He's old. He's old. Just looked at his pictures though. He looks like the cop off in the heat of the night. Or he looks like the guy from K ffc. No. Looks like fried chicken. Look Archie Bunker. No, he looks like Kentucky Fried Chicken. Dude. He looked like Colonel Sanders. Colonel Sanders a little bit. Archie Bunker. Yeah, he's pretty. Hold on. Matter of fact, the dude off the heat of the night might be Archie Bunker. Am I tripping? I don't know at is. I turned to the right producer that he just threw his thumb up at the same person. Oh wow. Yes. Yeah. He's the 41st governor of Minnesota since 2019. He's 60 years old. He looks a lot older than 60. But all right, we'll get, we'll get more details and fill you in. I'm sure they'll speak today. And we'll give you all that tomorrow.


Alright, up next. We got the People's Choice Mix. Get your request in right now. Now don't forget this weekend and I'm gonna be in Shreveport, Louisiana with 50 You. know he's doing that huge weekend out there and we're bringing the call show. So If, you are in the surrounding cities. Pull up on us. It's gonna be a great weekend. It's The, Breakfast, Club. Good morning. Let's go morning everybody. It's DJ Envy. Just hilarious. Charlamagne the guy. We are The Breakfast. Club. If you're just joining us, we told you a couple of minutes ago that Kamala Harris picks Tim Wal as her running mate. Yeah, I don't like the pick. He's the governor of Minnesota. Yeah, I don't like it. I really don't. Now Minnesota's a democratic state, correct? Yeah, because he is the governor. Yeah. So it's not a battle or it's not a battleground state. Is Minnesota a battleground state?


I don't, no. Minnesota's not a battleground state. But yeah, I just You know. I just, I like Governor Josh Shapiro. I like Shapiro too. You know. I I like a lot, I like a lot of the things Governor Josh Shapiro is doing in Pennsylvania. You know. Plus I just feel like there's energy, right? Like there's, there's a, there's a certain energy in a certain quality that candidates have. Like seeing, seeing another old white man up there is not what I wanna see. Nah, he's 60 a young years old. He looks a lot older though. He's 60 years old. Yes. Yes. And plus, I, I just really do like Governor Josh Perel, like I was talking about earlier. Like he You know governor Josh, he's a strong advocate for workers' rights. You know I love what he's doing in regards of probation reform, his clean slate initiative. There's like, there's a lot of things in Pennsylvania that I like that, that he, that he did Man You know.


It's gonna be interesting to sit back and watch You know if, if why they, why they have to explain why they didn't pick You. know Josh Shapiro. Because if it's because of Israel and Gaza You know Governor Walsh and Governor Shapiro have the same exact stance. Yeah. On, on, on Israel and Gaza. So now Dems gonna have to spend the next week explaining they not anti-Semitic and didn't, didn't bend the need of progressives. Yeah. So I don't know, but give us a little information on walls. He went to school in Nebraska. He served as an a army national guard then he was a teacher for a little bit before he jumped into politics. You know he's similar to Josh Shapiro where he's tried to expand voting rights and in, in Minnesota and, and, and was oversaw the state's response to COVID-19 and also the pr brutality against protests in the wake of the George Floyd's death.


So they, they pretty much stand on the same thing. But I'm with you. I just think he's a, a gentleman. I don't wanna see if them, I'm time to see of older white people up there that are really feel like, yeah, And I. Don't we need to get the younger generation in there? And I think, I don't think that we, that weird thing when he kept saying last week, he, he was like, they're weird. You know. They're just weird. That went viral. But I don't think they got no legs. You know, but You know. We'll see. Alright, well when we come back, we got the positive notice. The Breakfast Club. And imagine when they debate 39-year-old JD Van to against the seat You. know what I mean? It's like I don't like it. I don't like to pick whatever though. All right. We'll be back at The Breakfast Club. Good morning. DJ Envy. Jess. Hilarious Charlamagne the guy. We are The Breakfast. Club. Now Jess is on maternity leave.


She didn't have the baby yet, but she is out and we got salute to EYL. Earner, your leisure for joining us today. Rash and Troy coming through. That's right. Invest Fest is going to happen August 23rd through August 25th. So make sure you go check that out. Correct. And also salute to Edgar Balanga. He's gonna be fighting September 14th at the T-Mobile Arena in Vegas. He stopped through as well this morning. Yes, they fight all that September 14th against Canelo Alvarez. So salute to them. All right. Now when we come back, oh no. Aside for the positive note now. Yes. The positive note is simply this. The happiest people in The World are those who feel absolutely terrific about themselves. And this is just the natural outgrowth of accepting total responsibility for every part of your life.


Did you hear what I just said? I'm gonna repeat that. The happiest people in The World are those who feel absolutely terrific about themselves. And this is the natural outgrowth of accepting total responsibility for every part of your life. Have a great day. Breakfast Club Bitches. Do y'all finish or y'all done?


Back in 96, Atlanta was booming with excitement around hosting the Centennial Olympic games and then a deranged zealot willing to kill for a cause lit a fuse that would change my life. And so many others Forever rippling out for generations. Listen to Flashpoint on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts.


This could be the craziest podcast pairing ever. The governor of California, Gavin Newsom and Superbowl Champ, Marshawn Beast Mode Lynch our politician. What Does politician even mean? There's bridging gaps with no politics Joined by their friend and agent, Doug Hendrickson. It's gonna be a wild ride. We can change. The World podcast by podcast, Huge. Listen to politicking with Gavin Newsom, Marshawn Lynch, and Doug Hendrickson on America's number one podcast network. iHeart open your free iHeart app and search politician and start listening.


In 2020, in a small California mountain town, five women disappeared. I found out what happened to all of them except one, a woman known as Dear whose estate is worth millions of dollars. I'm Lucy Sheriff. Over the past four years, I've spoken with Deer's family and friends, and I've discovered that everyone has a different version of events. Hear the story on Where's Dear Listen on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you listen to podcasts,


Curious about queer sexuality, cruising and expanding your horizons. Hit play on the sex positive and deeply entertaining podcast, sniffy Cruising Confessions. Join hosts Gabe Gonzalez and Chris Patterson Rosso as they explore queer sex cruising relationships and culture in the new iHeartPodcasts Sniffy Cruising Confessions. Sniffy Cruising Confessions will broaden minds and help you pursue your true goals. You can listen to Sniffy Cruising Confessions sponsored by Gilead now on the iHeartRadio app, or wherever you get your podcasts. New episodes every Thursday.


For 10 years, I've been obsessed with one of the most bizarre and audacious cons in rock and roll history. We were all facing 20 years and all that good stuff. The lead singer tried to pull off an English accent and they went on the road as the zombies. These guys are not gonna get away with it. The zombies there too popular. Listen to the true story of the fake zombies on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts.