
I'm a good lawyer. And. I. Wanna win on August 22nd? I think a gt, she needs someone who is going to fight for her.


If we don't follow the right plan, we lose his series. Reasonable Dow returns on Hulu. She was defending herself against a monster starring Emma Yi Aldi, I'm the best lawyer you have ever worked with. And Morris Chestnut, I'm not gonna stop. I think I love it. Love it. Never underestimate the power of attorney. Always bet on Jacks reasonable doubt. New season premieres August 22nd streaming only on Hulu


Gear up for outdoor adventures with a 2024 Nissan Pathfinder. This mid-size SUV is designed for Epic Journeys, offering spacious seating for eight available panoramic moonroof, and an available intelligent four-wheel drive feature with seven drive modes. To take your off-road experience to new heights, discover the 2024 Nissan Pathfinder at Nissan usa.com. Intelligent all-Wheel Drive cannot prevent collisions or provide enhanced traction in all conditions. Always monitor traffic and weather conditions. Towing capacity varies by configuration. See Nissan Towing Guide in owner's manual for additional information. Always secure cargo.


Nothing will fit into your day better than a Fit Crunch Bar. Fit Crunch baked bars are chef inspired from Robert Irvine and made with six layers of deliciousness with 16 grams of protein and three grams of sugar. FitCrunch is a perfect snack, whether it's at school, midday at work, or when you're on the go. Visit fitcrunch.com and use promo code radio 15 for 15% off your fitcrunch.com. Order or find a retailer near you, check out fitcrunch.com today. That's fitcrunch.com promo code radio 15.


Most Deals are barely worth mentioning, but then there's at t's Best deal on the new Samsung Galaxy Z Flip six. You can get it on them when you trade in your eligible smartphone any year, any condition. It's a deal. So good, you'll be Shouting from the rooftops. So grab a ladder and learn how to get that new phone on. At t. At t connecting changes everything requires Trade-in of Galaxy, S note or Z Series Smartphone Limited Time offer 256 gigabytes for $0 additional fees. Terms and restrictions apply. See att.com/ Samsung or visit an at t store for details.


This is Tracy v Wilson from Stuff You Missed in History class.


The National Sales Event is on at your Toyota dealer. Making now the perfect time to get a great deal on a dependable new car. Like a legendary Camry built for performance and available with all-Wheel Drive. You can count on your new Camry to get anywhere you need to go. Or check out an affordable and reliable Corolla with a trim for every lifestyle. From the hip sedan to the sporty hatchback, there's a Corolla built just for you. Check out more national sales event deals when you visit. Buy a toyota.com Toyota, let's go places


You guys really are. Like the hip hop, early morning, late night. Talk to The Breakfast. Club is the most powerful, popular Urban radio show in America. Live from the black mothership in New York City. DJ Envy, Charlemagne De God and Jess. Hilarious. Thank y'all for being cultural leaders, man. I appreciate what y'all do for the culture collectively known as Breakfast Club. I'm always nervous when I do The, Breakfast Club because Sometimes you say Stuff and it's just gonna get you in Trouble. Everybody wait. Good morning. USA Yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo, yo yo, yo yo, yo yo, yo yo, yo yo, yo yo. That don't even make no sense to do, 'cause Envy's not here.


Good morning, Lauren. LaRosa. Good morning. LL Cool Bay. Happy Monday. How y'all feeling out there? I feel blessed Black and Holly favored. I go by the name of Charlamagne to God. Yes. En Enemy's not here. He's still in Shreveport, Louisiana. I should have been there. It looked so lit. It looked a lot, it looked like it was a lot going on. My husband Might have found me there. You might actually be right. 50 had his humor and Harmony weekend in Shreveport, Louisiana. Everybody. And they mother was there. NB was there all weekend doing car shows. But I guess, I think from what I heard correctly, I could be wrong. Only two flights out today or something like that. I mean, it, it's a, it's, I'm Where do they fly out of it? I'm assuming it's a small airport.


The Don't, don't gimme the Line. I don't know. But the flight attendant in me is telling me that, that maybe it's a smaller airport. So it's lesser flights. Sundays are normally lesser flights. You used To be a flight attendant Used to fly for Delta. Really? Yes, sir. I can see that. Yes. You give you Energy. Yeah. Yeah. I only took the job 'cause I was in la And, I was broke, and I'm like, I gotta get back and forth to these auditions. So I need something. How long were you a a stewards for? So I was on the line, which means in the air for about nine months. But you man, that training, we went through that for about eight weeks, A little over eight weeks. It was the hardest thing I've ever done in my life. So what benefits do you have now after doing that? Like, do you get to fly Delta free? You got like a, I got homies that I could call in the case of emergency if I need something that You know could throw a little buddy pass situation.


So you Don't have like a forever buddy pass just for like No, you don't. Well, I resigned, so No, you don't have a forever buddy pass. I resigned when I got the job at TMZ, but I do got homies I could call when I need something. But when you get on that, when you get on a flight and you tell people like, oh, I'm a, I identify myself when I get on a flight in case of emergency, I like You identify a Flight attendant. Yeah. Like, hey, I'm, no, I say I'm a former flight attendant. Oh, whatever, whatever. Just so they know like I'm on here. So If, you need something. I know how to help you evacuate the plane. Interesting. Yeah, I do that. I Wouldn't be giving that information up if I'm not getting free points. Getting more points or, well, You don't get points, but a lot of times the flight attendants will look out for you. Right. Got you. So if there's an open seat somewhere, they might help you out. Or like, they might give you a couple extra whatever they You. know what I mean?


But also too, it's just like a, it's like a love language. It's like, yo, I see you. I know what you're going through. I'm here. Makes sense. I'm in seat three C If, you need me. That Makes sense. Yeah, that makes sense. Just hilarious. Is still on maternity leave. Okay. Any update? No. Wow. At not as of when did I talk to Jess? I talked to Jess Saturday. I told Jess when she dropped. I'm taking her out. I'm getting her lit. Look, you're thinking about the wrong things. Can we have a nice healthy delivery course? She Got? No, she's gonna have that. I'm speaking that into existence. That true. But she needs it. She would listen getting up every morning at 4:00 AM at at the pregnancy where she eight, nine months pregnant. Yes. Yes. I don't think people give it to her. Give it to women enough doing that and give it to her enough. I agree. She, she's ready to smoke. She's ready to drink. She's ready to do all those things.


I got. I told her I got, when you drop, I got you. Let's have a healthy baby first. Yes. Now, today we are celebrating the 25th anniversary of Back That Ass Up. Okay. 'cause Juvenile and Manny Fresh will be here this morning. Okay. 25 years of back that ass up. And they're on tour. And we got Morgan Wood coming up next with front page news. So yeah, it's Monday, man, we are here. It's the world's most dangerous morning show. The Breakfast. Club, the world's most dangerous morning show. The Breakfast. Club. Charlemagne to God. Lauren LaRosa, DJ Envy is in Shreveport, still just hilarious, is on maternity leave. But we are here with you on this fine Monday. Just stretching out a little bit. It's top of front page News. Morgan.


Good morning. Good morning, y'all. Happy Monday. We've made it back to the ratchet weekend from the ratchet weekend. No, I'm just kidding. Okay. Us. It was Ratchet Morgan, you got just kidding me. Tell us More. Morgan. Okay. Flo Jones. I'm just saying You know who else was outside Vice President Kamala Harris and her running mate. Tim Walls over the weekend. They rallied in Arizona and Vegas. The Harris talked about immigration, the border, getting a ceasefire done and supporting the middle class. Let's hear from Harris Center of Rally in Arizona. General of a border. So I was Attorney General of a border state. I went after the transnational gangs, the drug cartels and human traffickers.


I prosecuted them in case after Case And, I won. I will always put the middle class and working families first because you see Coach Walls, And I know the middle class built the United States of America. I have been clear now is the time to get a ceasefire deal and get the hostage deal done. Now is the time. That's her most powerful messaging right there. She stick to that messaging about rebuilding the middle class. And You know, You know put Putting more money into the working class. That's the messaging folks want to hear.


I agree. People fighting for their lives right now, man. That's right. It's tough. Yeah. So she restated that her support for legislation to strengthen the border, of course. And she did mention that the You know the system. Immigration system is broken. Meanwhile, her running mate, Minnesota Governor Tim Walls had some words for president, former President Donald Trump. Let's hear from walls. Donald Trump weakens our country to strengthen his own hands. You've watched him mock our laws. You watched him sow chaos on division at every opportunity. And that's to say nothing of his record As President Donald Trump sees The World a little differently than we do, first and foremost, and be very clear about this.


He doesn't know the first thing about service. Now. Meanwhile, Donald Trump's running mate is defending the former president's comments that question Kamala Harris's racial identity. In a recent interview with CNN State of the Union, Ohio Senator JD Vance accused Terrace of being a chameleon. Let's hear more from JD Vance. I believe that Kamala Harris is whatever she says she is. But I believe importantly that President Trump is right. That she's a chameleon. She pretends to be one thing in front of one audience. She pretends to be something different in front of another audience. She's not running a political campaign. She's running a movie. She only speaks to voters behind a teleprompter.


Everything is scripted. She doesn't have her policy positions out there. Yeah. He went on to call her a fundamentally fake person. Of course, this comes after last month where Trump claimed that Harris turned black in that. Sit down with the NABJ now. Well, Couldn't we Did the same thing be said about JD Vance, though? There was a time when JD Vance was one of Trump's biggest haters when he said that You know Trump could be what? America's. Americas Hitler. America's Hitler. Yeah, Absolutely. Now he had MAGA Chameleon. That's what I'm saying. So couldn't the same thing be said about him? Chameleon recognize chameleon. I like that, Lord. Okay. Yes, it the same could be said, but we're gonna go ahead and switch gears. The former, there's more coming out in the the case of Sonya Massey, the former Illinois deputy who shot and killed Sonya Massey.


He will remain in jail as his trial plays out. Last month, Sean Grayson shot Massey in her home after she called for help, she called 9 1 1 and he's now facing first degree murder charges. On Friday, a judge denied Grayson's request to be released on bail to accommodate his medical needs, which include treatment for colorectal cancer. The same day, Sanon County Jack, sheriff Jack Campbell, he announced his res resignation claiming that the current political climate has made it nearly impossible for him to continue doing his job. So yes, I'll keep you guys posted on what's going on with that. In the next hour, of course, we're gonna recap.


We're gonna wrap up what's going on with the Olympics. I'll keep you posted with all of the medals. We came home and we really You know. Tore it up at the end. LA Up next 2028. Yes. Yes. 2028. Definitely gonna be here. So I'll keep you posted. Biden and Olympics in the next hour. All right. Thank you Morgan. We'll talk to you in a few. Now it's time to get it off your chest. 1 805 8 5 1 0 5 1. This is your time to tell us why you're mad. All you can tell us why you're blessed. Whatever is on your beautiful mind this morning. You can express it right here on The World most dangerous morning show. The Breakfast Club The Breakfast Club.


This is your time to get it off your chest. 805 8 5 1 0 5 1. We wanna hear from you on The. Breakfast. Club. Good morning. It's the world's most dangerous morning show. The Breakfast. Club is Get it off your chest. Who? This? Yes sir. It's Ja from Indy. Ja. What's up J? Listen, I got some disconnect. With DJ. Envy, man. Last week he told me be open-minded. My brother was coming home. Be flexible. I'm like, cool, I'm gonna be open. Next thing I know now he got his parole officer calling. He asking can he use my address as a backup? Oh yeah. You know it was a setup. You told me the right thing. Charlamagne DJ be pump fake. I Don't know why you'd be listen to the NBO with me. That's your Brother though. If he need an address, it's like you can't throw Him a address.


No, Lauren don't know the story. Tell him the, I Listened to the, I remember when he called, he said the brother like coming outta outta jail. Yes. Yes. Y'all not that close or something, huh? Because you Be locked up for a Little minute. And now I think And I was just thinking I'm gonna be flexible and all that. Now they like, can he use your backup address? You know what that means. If something happened and you pop up over here. Now these Europeans. Exactly. Europeans already looking at me crazy with the HOA. So Charlemagne gimme some feedback. What I need to do now, the Jay-Z beanie him. Huh? The the, the feedback is no is the complete sentence. You tell a probation officer, no, I am not gonna be responsible for this man in no any way, shape or form. And you tell him no, he cannot use your address. Gotcha. What I'm gonna tell my mama though. 'cause she gung ho about it. Tell, tell him get a PO Box If.


you get a PO Box Baby because you need a physical address out. What's coming Up next October, November, Thanksgiving. You definitely gonna be at Thanksgiving. Your momma might give you a cold plate. All Right. Well I'm here for, well, look, y'all help me already. I Appreciate that. What's, where's he gonna be living at though? He Gonna be staying with my mom, which is another separate conversation. So that's the address. I have four brothers. So that's the address you gotta tell Mom, mom, since you are taking the responsibility of having him and he's gonna be staying here, this is the address that he need to give his probation officer a parole officer. But don't they ask for a backup though, just in case they go there and they can't find him. That's where I'm at. I got four other brothers and it's, and I'm the backup. I'm like, they all got homes. Why can, Are you the responsible brother? The, are you the responsible kid? I don't like using that word because let's just say I handle my Stuff.


Listen, been there. I mean, I don't know. Dance is no my brother. Do what makes you feel comfortable. And if that no makes you feel comfortable, let that know fly. All right. I appreciate y'all. We locked in. Y'all have a good Week. Peace King. You too. Good morning. It's the world's most dangerous morning show. The. Breakfast. Club is Get it off your chest. Who this? This is Ty calling you from Cleveland, Ohio. What's up Ty? Talk to us. Yo. Yo. If, you going to give homage to the 25th anniversary of juveniles Back to ass. You got to acknowledge Day is the birthday to Sir. Mix a lot. Ooh. Today is got one day 36, 24, 36. If she, five three is the sentiment of a lot of brothers. And you can't prosecute 'em for being the inspiration of BBL.


So I say give credit or credit is due. Man, you're Absolutely right. You can't even get back that ass up without baby got back. Believe That man, you absolute. Where's your social consciousness? You was gonna skip over that brother. Man, I'm so sorry. You are absolutely right. Happy born day to the great sir. Mixa Lott. And it's all, we got it on the paper too. It's right here, sir. Mixa Lott and Yvette. Nicole Brown's born days of the day. You're absolutely right. A Sister Red be right thing mister. Alright, look out for the people. All my brother. Peace. Get it off your chest. 1 805 8 5 1 0 5 1. If there's something you want to tell us this morning, If, you wanna tell us why you're blessed? If. you wanna tell us why you're upset? Whatever your feelings are.


If my therapist says Feel your feels, you can express 'em right here on the world's most dangerous morning show. The. Breakfast. Club, The, Breakfast. Club. Ray. Ray. Ray. Yo. Charla, man. Envy. What up are we live? This is your time to get it off your chest. I got an indoor pool, a outdoor pool. We want to hear from you on The. Breakfast. Club. We can get on the phone right now here, tell you what it is. We live Good morning. It's the world's most dangerous morning show. The. Breakfast. Club. Who's this? Is this James? James? Is this Charla? Yes sir. How are you brother? I'm good brother. How are you? Blessed black and highly favored. What's happening? No much. Just wanted to get off my chest. Just found out my wife cheated on me with a Coworker.


No. Dang. See work husband Workwise. And I told you that ain't cool. You just assuming it's a work husband. It could be a work wife. I said or work wife You know i's I work wife. I'm inclusive. Oh, it's a work wife. You mad about that? Oh yeah. Damn. Tell me more. I don't know what you want to know. It just What happened? How did you find out? She told me she wanted to get a divorce. I didn't believe that reason that she was giving me. So I did some research. And I found all the You know text messages and stuff. So she's gay? Yeah, she Is. Nothing you can do about that brother You. know what I'm saying? You don't got what she want, unfortunately. How long y'all been together? We've been together for seven years. Married Three. How does that make you feel?


It kind of hurt a lot, but You know I'm working through it, but have a therapist appointment coming up. So That's the best thing. Brother, I'm glad that you're in some sort of therapy. And. I really don't know what to tell you other than You know it is what it is. I guess I don't, y'all got, Y'all got, you wanna say something funny but you trying to be sensitive. I don't Have nothing funny to say. I feel bad for The brother be tired this morning. That's why I couldn't, I Really don't have any, ain't funny. I don't find the boys funny. No, He, he's evil. Do you, do y'all have kids? We have a one, A 1-year-old daughter. No, man. Oh Gosh. A 1-year-old baby. So she ain't even thinking about the little girl. Well, I mean, no, I don't Know what she thinking. But You know No shade to you bro. But I mean, maybe she is and that is what makes her happy.


And the baby deserves a happy mom. Oh yeah. Definitely. How? And a happy father too. So I'm sorry, but whoa. Did you ever know she was gay? How long she been gay? I don't know. A couple months now, I guess. No, She a couple. She ing you. She was A couple weren't. You said you went and did your research right? I think you need to go. I don't know, If, you did it extensively, but it ain't a couple months if she leaving you after a 1-year-old baby and years of y'all been together for a couple months. Couple months is like, oh yeah. Experimenting drunk night. This is giving, yeah, Out Dancing together. Let's hope it doesn't work out for her and her new little girlfriend. Okay. I'm serious. Let's hope it don't work out like she want to get a divorce from you.


Let her go in and moving with that other woman and realize that You know living with another vagina ain't what It's what it's cracked up to be. Okay. Would you take her back? And she realize that, Oh nah, nah, that nah, that boat is still a long time ago. Not doing that. Damn. And And. I know. I know this person too. So it kind of like You know. Cuts a little deeper than You know. She's a stud ain't she? No, she's a grandma. That's a problem. Wait, hold on. No man. What you mean a grandma? Yeah. Explain The, this lady is 54. My wife is 33. Sugar mama. Took your girl. She about to get some old hair. She probably put roots on it. Where y'all live at? We live in New Hampshire.


Oh man. She might have put roots on or something. Listen, it is what it is. Yeah. I'm originally, I'm originally from Ghana, so You know if I could, I could put some roots on her, but I'm not gonna do that. It's not worth it. Well let's hope her it don't work out between her and grandma. And You know when she come back, you be there to tell her nope, that door is closed. Have a blessed day. Oh, I will. All right. My brother stay in therapy too, man. Will deal. Thank you. All right brother. Stay in therapy. You need to get his Bible Too. You cannot trust these old studs. I know Grandma old stun. He don't, he. I bet you if I see grandma right now, she look like grandpa. Is she wear tennis sunglasses? I'm telling glasses. Reading glasses for sure. I'm telling you man. Wow. Disgusting out there with A lineup That was, get it off your chest.


We do that every morning. 1 805 8 5 1 0 5 1. You could be prepared to call us tomorrow. Now we got just what the best coming up. Lauren LaRosa. What you got? Yes, we are gonna talk Aisha Curry. She had a run in with her children and Steph Curry's mom with the police over in Paris. And it just sad to watch. Okay. We talk about it when we come back. It's the world's most dangerous morning show. The Breakfast. Club The. Breakfast Club. Yes. It's the world's most dangerous morning show. The Breakfast. Club Charlamagne. The God DJ Envy. He's still in Shreveport. He'll be back today. 'cause 50 cent had his armor and human E, what is it? Was it Hu Humor and Harmony weekend? Yes. And Jess. Hilarious. She's still on maternity leave.


So we got Lauren LaRosa guest hosting. So it's time for Jessica to Mess. Yeah. Is real. Jessica, Robin Moore. Jess don't do no lying. She Don't nobody Worldwide. Worldwide. Mess on The. Breakfast Club. She's the coach. Lauren. Lauren Back. And. I got the mess. Talk. Talk to me. You You wanna say something? That's Nothing. I'm here. It's Monday. You was Looking like you had a question. I Always got questions. Okay. Okay. So we're gonna start with the first thing that was like big yesterday. So Aisha Curry and Sonia Curry.


Who's Steph Curry's mom. Were out in Paris. And from what the, from what you can tell from the video, they were trying to get back to like their car from wherever they were coming from. And they had a runin with police. And Draymond Green actually was involved too. So let's listen to the clip. Don't touch your babies. She'll not stop saying how damn. How about help us. How about help us? How about that? Look at look all the, they won't let us go back over there. Where we came from. They won't let the driver come here and they won't let us go back over there. He apologizes. If there's anything we do to make it better than you, let us get to our car president.


That's it. So even after him hitting the baby in the head, there's still nothing y'all can out here. Where were they at? And who was asking for help? So I don't know exactly where they were, but they were on the streets of Paris. I, and maybe they were leaving like an event from the Olympics or something and trying to get to their trucks. Like their cars. They have a translator guy with them in the beginning. Draymond Green is not even in the video. So he's not with them. And you hear that Sonya Curry, Steph Curry's mom. Like, because paparazzi is out there like Sonya, Sonya. Aye Aha. And they're calling them because they're trying to get video shots of them and she's like, stop calling our name. Come help us. Because the police are basically stopping them every time they try and get to the car. And Why though?


They just hating because the USA beat France in the finals. I mean, people in the comments were saying that, but okay. I think what I, from what I witnessed in the video, it was giving that I guess police officers and officials had blocked off certain streets so they weren't letting


The summer is heating up. So the next time you pop open a Coca-Cola or Coke Zero sugar. Prepare for ice cold drops from Coke Studio. New music from your favorite artists and their latest hits with drops from new jeans. Carol G and Peggy Goo Plus live performances at the biggest festivals of the year. Grab taste that moves you. Scan your Coke, a Coke zero sugar 12 ounce can and unlock magic music moments all year long. No purchase necessary. 13 plus and 50 US DC and Canada. 18 plus for select prizes ends October 31st. Rules, eligibility and prize availability@cokeul.com slash Studio usa. Promo Corp Wright 2024, the Coca-Cola company.


I'm a good lawyer. And I wanna win on August 22nd? I gt she needs someone who was going to fight for her. If we don't follow the right Plan, we lose His series. Reasonable Doud returns on Hulu. She was defending herself against a monster starring Emma Ysi. Corona Aldi, I'm the best lawyer you have ever worked with. And Morris Chestnut, I'm not gonna stop. I think I love it. Love it. Never underestimate the power of attorney. Always bet on Jacks reasonable doubt. New season premieres August 22nd streaming only on Hulu.


Hibernation season is over and it's time to get some sun outside. Gather your crew and hit the road in the spacious 2024 Nissan Pathfinder your gateway to larger than life adventures with spacious seating for eight and available panoramic moonroof. Everyone can enjoy the journey and soak in the scenery of the great Outdoors. Plus, with an available towing capacity of up to 6,000 pounds. An available intelligent four wheel drive feature with seven drive modes. You can take your favorite toys while adventuring on new terrains. Seize the thrill. And start exploring with the 2024 Nissan Pathfinder today. Head over to Nissan usa.com to learn more intelligent. All-Wheel Drive cannot prevent collisions or provide enhanced traction in all conditions. Always monitor traffic and weather conditions. Towing capacity varies by configuration. See Nissan Towing Guide and Owner's manual for additional information. Always secure cargo.


Nothing will fit into your day better than a Fit Crunch Bar. Fit Crunch baked bars are chef inspired from Robert Irvine and made with six layers of deliciousness with 16 grams of protein and three grams of sugar. Fit Crunch is the perfect snack, whether it's at school, midday at work, or when you're on the go. Visit fitcrunch.com and use promo code radio 15 for 15% off your fitcrunch.com. Order or find a retailer near you, check out fitcrunch.com today.


Here's a little secret. Most smartphone deals aren't that exciting, to be honest. They're barely worth mentioning. But then there's at t and their best deals. Those are quite exciting. They're the kind of deals that are really worth talking about. Like their deal on the new Samsung Galaxy Z Flip six with this amazing deal. You can trade in your eligible smartphone for a new Samsung gala, a CZ flip six any year, any condition deals so good, it'll have you shouting from the rooftop. So get yourself down to the street level and learn how to snag the new Samsung Sun Galaxy Z Flip six on at t and maybe grab a ladder on the way home at t connecting changes everything requires Trade-in of Galaxy S note or Z Series. Smartphone Limited Time offer. 256 gigabyte for $0 additional fees, terms and restrictions apply. See att.com/ Samsung or visit an at t store for details.


People walk to where they were trying to go, but she's like, our car is there. We came from there. So the translator is trying to calm it down. He's like, they apologize. They apologize, they apologize. But in the opening of the video, you hear Steph Curry's mom say, If, you don't touch a baby. You don't touch a baby. And she's talking to a certain police officer, where the hell was Steph through all of this? I'm not for, I'm not sure. And then eventually Draymond Green comes up and you hear Draymond Green in the video. Say, so wait. 'cause Aisha tells him what happens. And when you listen to Aisha, she says, they pushed me and then they didn't know that I had the baby. 'cause the baby is strapped to the front of Aisha car. So Draymond was ready to punch somebody right then and there. I'm sure He was. I mean, listen, he had to Remember he's in another country. He was giving the energy that should be should have been gave.


And people give him so much like You, know what I mean? They be, they be mad at Draymond for a lot, but he was like, yo, y'all hit this baby in the head and y'all can't even take them to their car. She's literally telling you where the car's at. Mm. So this video, as you can imagine, has been blowing up all over social because people always talk about how they feel. Like You know people over there in Paris are rude and they're turning into like a racist thing. It's, it's like a lot of commentary online around this. So, okay. But Aisha was visibly crying. She was really, she was upset. It progressed as the video went on, but she was upset. So up next, another like, kind of like a sad video. Why Are you making us sad on this Monday? Nothing. I don't know. I just thought about it. I'm like, wow, I took a shot to start my morning and now here I am. All this stuff. Which what you going through that you gotta drink alcohol trusting on a Monday.


Monday? I was tired, man. It was a long weekend. And then I knew how to deal with you. So What? I just don't blame me for your Alcoholism. I thought Envy wasn't gonna be here. And he, he's the brighter side of the day Because he's light skinned. Wow. Wow. I didn't even, yeah. Okay, we gonna go. Okay. So Black Sam sat down with Big Boy for a big boy's. Like he does like his own like sit down interviews on his YouTube channel. And You know Sam Nipsey Hu's older brother. He doesn't really talk to the media whatsoever. So this was one of the first times I've ever seen him actually talk about the day that Nipsey was shot. Sunday, regular Sunday. Man, we had a You know we had spots in the hood.


So one of the spots we sold, we had little weed spots. I think I was in it all night. And so my goal was to go to the house, And, I sleep a couple hours. So I'm at Granny House, sleep on the floor. This phone just going crazy, man. It woke me up. And I picked the phone up. Forget who called me, man. I just hear people screaming in the background and they like, man, You know bro got shot. So I just immediately just run out the house. And I get there and everybody's screaming. And I, just see bro. And I'm just up. But bro, still breathing. Finally, You know police came and ambulance came and they took him. And so I'm just praying You know. I, I had a lot, I had Faith that bro was going to be all right.


You know. I'm like, man, if anybody make it, bro gonna make it. For sure. Man. Yo Al always sending Black Sam and his family nothing but positive energy, love and light. I've never once heard Black Sam tell that story ever. No, no. I I mean I've heard him tell the story before. You know off air, but when you hear it, I've never heard him tell that story. And And, I don't feel the same way. Meaning like, it, you, you can just hear the trauma. He Couldn't get through it in his voice. Nah, he was actually, he was crying every, Every single time. Can you, can you imagine? Well, I, so my brother's alive, but I, my my brother was shot before. So when he was talking about, I was crying with him because I know what getting that phone call is like and rushing to it and And I.


I just, wow. Like I didn't know that. Like he was like, when he got there, Nipsey was still breathing. And I didn't know a lot of that stuff. So it was, Can you imagine the helplessness he felt in that moment? It's like, what can you do? I guess there's nothing you can do except for, And you, your older brother, man You know what I mean? And, and the whole interview was given I'm my brother's keeper You. know what I mean? And in that moment it was nothing he could do. Yes. But then they get into the conversation about does You know Sam and his family think that this was like a random attack or what? 'cause that was a big thing when Nipsey passed away as well too, From my understanding, no boy walked up with no shirt on first to check the scene. 'cause he know what's, he know what he know what's going on in that parking lot. Had a conversation, probably seen nobody was in the doorways checked hustle hat on shorts, checked everybody else left, they say came back with a red shirt on Tiptoed through the alley and went right and started shooting.


So to me that's premeditated number one. It's no red shirts in the hood. He came by no red shirt, no liquor store. Sell no red shirt. Number two, when it come through the alley with a red shirt, that's the throw off or the bloods did it. So for me, he felt he was supposed to, he he, he was supposed to do a job or somebody sent him or whatever. And he was nervous. He wanted to make sure he, he he, he wasn't getting into a shootout. That's, that's my, that's my thoughts on it, Man. It's been five years. And Nipsey the, the, the transition in Nipsey Hussle still hits different. It does. That's one of those ones I'll never truly, I'll never understand. I'll never, I'll never forget that. That was probably, that was the first celebrity. Like as a, as a journalist, that was the first celebrity death that I was like, I, I felt like no.


Like I just wanted to go and help him. The minute that I, I got a call about it, I'm like, no, no, no, this can't be true. Like, it just, and and and Big Boy talked about that too. Like You know, we see it from a media standpoint or just as friends of the family or whatever you are to Nipsey's family. But being His actual Friend Sam. Yes. And it's very obvious that he's still dealing with, he even talked about, of course when people come up and take picture and wanna take pictures with him 'cause he's not into all that stuff. It, it kind of like brings back all of the like trauma from everything because that's just not what he's into. But he understands that he respects and he loves affected people love Nipsey. But it is hard for him to, I, I'll just listening to him discuss how his faith was shattered. Yes. Like everything he believed in. Yes. God, he just didn't in that moment. Yep. And he said at one point he wanted to do drugs.


Yep. Like that's just, that's just all trauma man. So Yeah. Yeah. Sending healing energy to Black Sam and his family always, man. Yeah. You you, you done depressing us. I am. I had a lighter note story, but we gotta wrap it up. You know Lighter note story please. You know you hate the lighter. Huh? What? How nothing bright? I do actually though. Yeah. I know. Everything dark and evil with you. It's just, it's dark and evil or it doesn't fly black effect all black. What's wrong with black? Black is beautiful man. Oh I know. Okay glistening. Now we got front page news coming up next with Morgan Wood and after that juvenile and Manny Fresh will be here to talk 25 years. I back that ass up. Okay.


Lighter notes. Lauren lighter notes. I've been backing it up for like 32. It's The Breakfast Club your chicken out. The Breakfast Club. Guess it's The World most dangerous morning show. The Breakfast. Club Charlamagne to God. Lauren LaRosa is guest hosting this morning. 'cause Jess hilarious is on maternity leave. DJ Envy is in Shreveport, Louisiana. But we are here on this fine Monday morning and it's time for front page news. Morgan Woods. What's happening? Yes. That's wood with no s but You know. Oh I'm Sorry Morgan Wood. It's All good. Nar Morgan Wood. No, it sound too close to Morning wood, don't it? Hey Morgan Wood. But even Morgan Wood doesn't have a S so that still doesn't go to your point.


You right. I'm sorry Morgan Wood. You just, Okay. It's all good. Lennar. What's You know saying early rising. We love it either way, right? That's right. That's right. Oh no, I get what you did there. That's why you married it. Go go off girl. All right y'all. So President Biden is issuing a stark warning about a second Donald Trump presidency in his first televised interview. Since stepping down from the 2024 presidential race, Biden told CBS Sunday morning that Trump is a genuine danger to American security. He also talked about why he stepped down. Let's hear more from President Biden. Look, we're an inflection point in world history. We really are. The decisions we make in the last three, four years and the next three or four years are gonna determine what the next six decades look like.


If he wins this nomination, I mean, excuse me, this election. Watch what happens. It's a danger. He's a genuine danger to American security. But what happened was a number of my democratic colleagues in the house and Senate thought that I was gonna hurt them in the races. I thought it was important because although I it's a great honor being president, I think I'm an obligation to the country to do what I, the most important thing he can do. And that is we must, we must, we must defeat Trump. Yeah. So he cited the 2021 attack on the Capitol and also said that he's not confident that a peaceful transfer of power will happen if Harris is elected in November.


And now Trump of course, warned in March that if he lost the election, it would be a quote bloodbath for the us the auto industry and the country comments, Biden and Democrats have claimed were inciting political violence. Meanwhile, former President Trump's campaign says it was hacked over the weekend. Some of its internal communications were sent to Politico Politicos says it began receiving emails from an anonymous account that was, that had documents from inside Trump's organization. The campaign blamed foreign sources hostile to the United States and went on to cite that. A report by Microsoft on Friday said Iranian hackers sent phishing emails in June to a ranking member of a presidential campaign.


Well it's your fault that you clicked on 'em. Anyways, the emails consisted of internal communications from a senior Trump campaign official. Although it is unknown exactly what information was leaked or obtained. Nothing good. They didn't tell us when they gonna put us back in slavery. I'm not Going, we going out there. My edges do. I can't. No, it's too hot to be outside picking anything. My head just would not Don't take me back. So nothing was good. Oh my god. We don't know it was in the internal communications yet. We don't know yet. Okay. But I'm sure You know. Look You know. We going find out and and find out was a person. You know the American, the the Americans, the Olympics. That's what we did. The 2024 Paris Olympics are officially in the books former LSU Track star sha Carrie Richardson finally has her Olympic gold medal.


She was part of a relay that came in first over the weekend. Richardson was the favorite to win the 100 yard dash. She came in second. This is her first Olympics after she qualified for the Tokyo Olympics. But was disqualified due to trust testing positive for marijuana. Of course that was a amazing story of redemption for her. The US women's soccer team is leaving Paris with gold medals. America took down, Brazil won nil in the Olympic final. Mallory Swanson netted the only goal of the match in the 57th minute when it comes to US women's basketball. They also brought home a gold medal for the eighth straight Olympics. The US trailed by double digits early in the third quarter before storming back to defeat France.


67 to 66 Asia Wilson led the team with 21 points. Here's what she had to say about the win And what we needed to do. We kept going, we this bucket for bucket. I feel like that is great basketball. That is what people wanna see her. So we continue to do that. In the second half, And I initial started to fall into our hands. They made tough shots. But that's all a part of the game. That's all a part of the game. So that extended the women's winning streak to 61 games. Rather. On the men's side, the US basketball swept with the gold medals. LeBron James put up just the fourth triple double in Olympic history as the US men rallied to beat France and in their fifth great gold medal. Now with all the good You know there's some bad news. The US Olympic and Paralympic committee will appeal the decision to strip gymnast Jordan Childs of her bronze medal.


They reversed that decision over the weekend. On Sunday, the International Olympic Committee said it would reallocate the floor exercise bronze medal to romania's Anna Barbo sue after a ruling by the court of arbitration for sport, the ruling found that the US inquiries over child score came after the one minute deadline and reinstated her original score, which places her at fifth place. So now Anna Barb Bosu from Romania is the bronze medal winner for the floor routine. But I believe that US is going to appeal that decision. So the US overall won 40 gold medals and 126 overall Dropping on the clues bombs for South Carolina going Asia Wilson.


Okay. 8 0 3 all day metro. What's happening? And congratulations to everybody else too. Oh and everybody else, Congratulations. Everybody else supposed see y'all in 2028 in la right? It's gonna be crazy in la. Is LA big enough to hold the Olympics? I don't know, but I'm worried about the traffic. Like for the, remember the story about like Shakar and the other girls that had to like walk and like all that stuff because they like weren't weren't getting around something or whatever on time. Yeah, Yeah. The gates, they changed the rules for the gate stuff. They better give them like superwoman powers when they get to LA 'cause that traffic is gonna be crazy. They not like us. They not like us. There's gonna be mad people getting robbed in la Oh my god. In 28 people gonna be getting jacked for they gold medals.


Okay. No that's crazy. I saw it last night. I was watching that bro. I was watching something last night. I guess it was the wrap up for the Olympics and Dr. Dre and Snoop Dogg was performing. Oh, The classic Ceremony. Yeah, the handover ceremony. Okay. Oh That's what that was. That's when Tom Cruise flew in end of it, Tom Cruise flew in. Tom, he repelled into the You know he do his own stunts. He repelled into the closing ceremony. I didn't see that. I just saw the most popular rapper in The World and probably one of the most popular people that ever walked the face of the earth. Snoop Dogg performing. So I stopped to see what was going on and then Dr. Dre came out. And I was like, oh this is in LA for la. Yeah for 2028. If I see people on worldstar with medals from the Olympics in 2028, it's happen.


Like happen. Come get your chain. That's gonna be crazy. It's happening. Morgan Wood. Thank you. Yeah. So that's your prep page news on Morgan Wood. You can follow me on socials at Morgan Media and for more news coverage, make sure you're checking us out at the Black Information network@binews.com. Happy Monday y'all. Peace Morgan to you now You know we are celebrating 25 years of back That ass Up. Yes it is the 25th anniversary of Back That Ass Up. So we got Juvenile and Manny Fresh coming in here shortly. Okay. Because they're on tour too. They're on tour. It's like a back that ass up tour or something like that. That sounds so crazy. I love it. Yes, but they are, they are on tour. It's the world's most dangerous morning show. The Breakfast. Club The Breakfast Club.


Yep. It's the world's most dangerous morning show. The Breakfast Club Charlamagne, tha God You know, just Hilarious is on maternity leave. Envy is actually in the Oh wow. I ain't hear that. Yeah, she on maternity leave any moment. So Lauren Lar says guest hosting and we got, I feel like Legends is an understatement. I feel like icons is an understatement. Yes. Manny Fresh and Juvenile. 25 years of Back That ass Up. God. Yes sir. Lord have mercy. Yeah man. Bruh. I mean the way you even represented You know a lot of this started with You know you giving it acronyms and all of that and You know giving it this phrase as well, it's a Negro spiritual. Yes. Yes bro. A negro spiritual Bagdad ass up is a Negro spiritual to this day. Did y'all still think y'all would have people backing that ass up 25 years later?


Hell no. Nah, I Did. He might see I, I felt Yeah, You know you felt it, But You know man, man of the club dude, me You know personally as a mc, I didn't, I didn't, I didn't, I didn't see it. I was trying to enjoy myself with It, with The You know moment I Had. Yeah. I I I saw it like You know from the very beginning of You know we did that song three times over when we was making it. Yeah. Because You know every time he did a rap, You know I felt like it was beating up my beat. So I did something to, to compliment what he was doing. Wow. So when I did it again, he did a better rap. And I was just like You know what I'm saying? So by the third time we felt like, okay, this is it. This The World, the version we got now was was the third time. The third Wow. Yeah. You know what I'm saying?


Because every time we did it, it elevated You know and it and it got better and better. And when we finally was like this, the one I was like, oh yeah, this gonna be the one he Lied to y'all. He was was trying to beat, he was trying to kill me on Something. Nah, I was trying to beat him out. So we Got the N video, he was about to turn it down. I'm like, look bro, y'all gotta let me go one more time. Like one more time bro. So I changed it. 'cause at first I was doing a lot of Rapp And I changed it to the one word thing To the Yeah. And, and flipped it that way. Then man was like all, we got one now. So with the other versions, were you being too lyrical on it then? I was, it wasn't. Right. Y'all still have the other two versions? No. I thought You Yeah, you got rid of it. Yeah, I got rid of it. That Was the dude two I Like the same You know that was the day two, two inches over. Like we can't save This.


We need these tracks. Got you. So I was gonna ask y'all, do y'all remember the day y'all made it but y'all made it multiple times? Yeah, I remember though. I can remember, I can't remember the exact date, but I remember where we was. We was in Nashville. Okay. Yeah, because High End back that Ass Up was the last Two songs. I was kind of like beating on the desk. Same. He was rapping You. know what I'm saying? And I was like, oh we got one. Right. When did Wayne get on it? Oh, after we done it, he was just like Wayne was, Wayne was hanging around the studio making, making sure he got on. Yeah, he was making sure he got on it. Yeah. He was just like, oh, there's no way this going down without me getting on this song. And I mean I, I think he saw it as well because you, for him to hang around. Yeah. Nobody else there. He just hanging around in the back and then when it was complete just pop up like a leprechaun or some like, Hey Check this out, check this out.


So are we going to like, 'cause I know at Essence Festival, like there, there was like the whole thing there. But are, because this is the 25 years you guys are out here now, are we gonna get the full, you said that everybody was getting back together. Is that a thing? Is that happening? Well, as far as I'm concerned it's still happening. You know, as far as I'm concerned, it's still happening. But we all knows what You know obviously what what happening on the internet. So I'm trying to resolve that. So that gotta happen. You know. We gotta sit down and have a conversation about that first. What does that look like between y'all when you say resolve and have the conversation? Because, because You know y'all are brothers, y'all are family. Right. Imagine you being a big brother and your little brother's fussing and you, you wish you could stop it and You know it's, it's pretty much nothing you can do about it. But I got a relationship with all of them. Right. You know, it's one of them things that I'm trying to fix.


I'm gonna continue to try to fix. And until that day happens, I'm not giving up. I feel like once things get to the internet, it makes it more irreparable than it need. It probably will. It does it complicate that At a certain age? Honestly, You know, especially If, you just being introduced back to The World stay off the internet You. know what I'm saying? Until you actually get your feet planted You know what I'm saying? Stay off the internet because social media, especially for me, it is a tool. It's a Different Curse to sell something. It ain't, it ain't where I air out my business. You feel what I'm saying? Right. So it's, it is like juvie said, we gonna keep on campaigning to fix it. You know because the fans have spoken this is what they want. Yeah. This is a lot of people that grew up on this. And it's even more crazier when you don't even know what you arguing about You.


know what I'm saying? It's like what we fussing about. Like so it is weird, but yeah, we gonna keep on going. Me and Jewel, y'all already see we ain't turning Down Collar. We out there. When was the moment y'all realized back that Ass Up was a cultural anthem? Because those, that happens over time. So when did y'all realize like, boy this ain't never going Nowhere? I mean, I would say I'm, I would say probably at the 10 year Mark You know when, when I start realizing that, wow, I'm never gonna get a chance to take a break. People gonna keep on trying to book me for shows. Bar mitzvahs, weddings and stuff, stuff like that. That one in 10 years and, and yeah, 10 years in. I mean when the question he asked was kind of like asking me how long Yeah.


Like make 10 years in when I see I'm like, damn, this song ain't never dying. So Well I looked at it as from a DJ perspective, You know it was the song that pretty much as a dj, this your Go-to like this the one that Save You. I love You know what I'm saying? When it's like, if everything else going bad, play back that ass Up You know what I'm saying? And you could recuperate and when, when it's a song like that You know it's gonna be around for forever. Like You know. And it was always, it became the song that closed the club up close like down south. It would be that last song that they played. That's right. You know what I'm saying? And I'm like, oh yeah, this one going to be here for a while. I've never heard of a of a song getting a proclamation, man. Latoya Cantrell issued a proclamation declaring June 11th is back That Ass Up Day.


Yeah. So on that day People just walk around like doing some as Just, I don't know how they do it. I mean, but I I I think next year we gonna celebrate it to the fullest and we'll see. We'll see. Oh, y'all got something playing? Yeah, I got something playing. I'm, I plan on doing something in that same park, Shakespeare Park where we shot the video where we shot Slow motion and Back to Ass Up. Wow. I love so much bringing it back home to my area. That's my, that's my neighborhood. What Does Shakespeare Park mean To the city? It mean a lot to me. You know a a hell of a lot to the Magnolia project because that's our park. Right. You know a lot of all the projects in the city have a, a park That's


the summer is heating up. So the next time you pop open a Coca-Cola or Coke Zero sugar, prepare for ice cold drops from Coke Studio, new music from your favorite artists in their latest hits with drops from new jeans. Carol g and Peggy Goo plus live performances at the biggest festivals of the year. Grab taste that moves you scan your Coke, a Coke zero sugar 12 ounce can and unlock magic music moments all year long, no purchase necessary. 13 plus in 50 US, DC and Canada. 18 plus for select prizes ends October 31st. Rules, eligibility, and prize. availability@coqrl.com slash Studio USA. Promo copyright 2024, the Coca-Cola Company.


I'm a good lawyer. And I. Wanna win on August 22nd? I think a gt, she needs someone who is going to fight for her. We don't follow the Right plan. We lose The hit series. Reasonable Dow returns on Hulu. She was defending herself against a monster starring Emma Yai Aldi, I'm the best lawyer you have ever worked with. And Morris Chestnut, I'm not gonna stop. I think I love it. Loving. Never underestimate the power of attorney. Always bet on Jacks reasonable doubt. New season premieres August 22nd streaming only on Hulu


Hybrid Nation season is over and it's time to get some sun outside. Gather your crew and hit the road in the spacious 2024 Nissan Pathfinder your getaway to larger than life adventures with spacious seating for eight and available panoramic moonroof. Everyone can enjoy the journey and soak in the scenery of the great Outdoors. Plus, with an available toing capacity of up to 6,000 pounds. And an available intelligent four-wheel drive feature with seven drive modes, you can take your favorite choice while victory on new terrains. Seize the thrill and start exploring with the 2024 Nissan Pathfinder today. Head over to Nissan usa.com to learn more intelligent. All-wheel drive can prevent collisions or provide enhanced traction in all conditions. Always monitor traffic and weather conditions. Towing capacity varies by configuration. See Nissan Towing Guide and Owner's manual for additional information. Always secure cargo.


Nothing will fit into your day better than a Fit Crunch Bar. Fit Crunch baked bars are chef inspired from Robert Irvine and made with six layers of deliciousness with 16 grams of protein and three grams of sugar. FitCrunch is the perfect snack, whether it's at school, midday at work, or when you're on the go. Visit fitcrunch.com and use promo code radio 15 for 15% off your fitcrunch.com. Order or find a retailer near you, check out fit crunch.com today. That's fitcrunch.com promo code radio 15.


What's good? It's Coleen Witt. And Eating While Broke is back for season three. Brought to you by the Black Effect Podcast Network and iHeartRadio. We're serving up some real stories and life lessons from people like Van Laton. TMZ was starting a tour. Harvey came and took the tour by July. I'm on TV every day. I endear myself to the audience. He comes in, he goes, we're gonna give you a raise. I think maybe a year or two years after that, I was a producer DC young flag. It wasn't really no way for us to make income off of Vine like that. It was more so notoriety. Once that popped off, it was like people was following it. And, I ain't even know how big it was. I ain't even know people was doing this on they spare time. I was like, don't do that kids, that's bad. It was, it was crazy that it had to be that real and that harsh Boom. Thugs and harmony. Our mission was, we was telling everybody in the hood, we finna go meet Eazy-E We about to come back and do a video. Of course, we didn't know, so we was lying like a mother. Little Do we know we speak in reality and we going to come back with a bus and camera crew And many more. They're sharing the dishes that got them through their struggles and the wisdom they gained along the way. We're cooking up something special. So tune in every Thursday, listen to eating while Broke on the Black Effect Podcast network, iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts or wherever you get your podcasts Presented by State Farm Like a good neighbor. State Farm is there,


Right close to it. And I went to school right there. That's my school in front of it. Carter g Wilson. They mean everything to me, bro. So they, I mean you, I mean you view an icon anyway, but when you bring things back to your community like that. Yeah. To to to memorialize the community forever in videos. Oh Man. Oh yeah, man. And that's the, that's the cool part about it. You see, you see the outcome If, you look at both, both of those videos and you see how many people come out. That's all the time that it was like that. Even when Manny Fresh came to DJ block parties in the project. And it was like that when I threw block parties in the project. And it's still like that. Even when I go back with this event, it's gonna be crazy. So 400 Degrees is still your favorite song over back that ass Up to perform. Yeah, it is. I love Back That Ass Up.


But Manny Fresh will tell you that's more his song because he put all the hot parts on. I always tell people that, look, if Manny Fresh is on a song, wait till the breaks. Listen to where the breaks are. Listen to where hot at. So soon as he come in on a song, the crowd go to doing this on my brother. They'd be like, You know, but they waiting on him You. know what I'm saying? That's his song to me. 400 when I come out. I'm, I'm clowning. That's my, that's my thing. That's a Negro spiritual too though. Hello. Especially See Me, I eat sleep Talk 98 Mercedes on tv. I bought that Felony Charges a fuck that. Like that that that's one of them ones now. Yeah. Why did it take so long for the video? Like why did you never do Avis Video originally?


That's, that's a universal cash money question. Yeah, because it's a lot of songs on that album that I felt like that for. I We wasn't ready to to go on to the next album. Really. You know me and him, but it was more of You know. Like he said, the powers of Be was like, Hey, it's time to do another album of 5 million records. Listen, we was like, it's it's, it's a ton of Could We got Strike More for you to put more singles out on? Yeah, it was, it was a bunch of singles on there. You know. Run for it. I'm on Fire, I'm on Fire You. know what I'm saying? It was, it's it's, it's a bunch of 'em on there, bro, that we, that we kinda like Overlook. All right. We'll be back with more juvenile and Manny Fresh right here on The. Breakfast Club. Yes. It The World most dangerous Morning show. The Breakfast Club Charlamagne to God.


DJ Envy is not here today. Jess Alaris is still on maternity leave. We got Lauren LaRosa here. Lauren, When y'all sat down to like, put these projects together, like for that that time, in that time, were y'all thinking like, 'cause I know sometimes like you'll hear like old like Rockefeller stories and they're like, oh well we were thinking we wanna tell stories in the videos because we knew movies were next. Were you guys thinking that long out or were you just like, we wanna make good music because now you guys are soundtracks to commercials to all different people's celebrations of life. Like was it that big of an idea for you guys at the time? It was true to form like You know when we was making these records, it was, it was what we was living You know And I think that's why they, they resonated with people so well. Like, because it wasn't no gimmicks to 'em.


You know right now. It would be like somebody going, oh, that's a gimmick and you saying this or doing this to us. It was just like, nah, this is how I feel today and I'm gonna write it from a real perspective. You know. And then, and then with me with some of my songs, I didn't make all my songs about me. Like how was me being third person, like that person in your ear as you with that big body Benz? I like psyching you up motivating you. So I think with that, I made songs that people could You know. You will find something in the song that really, really relates to your life. You know. So I try to make songs that's not about me all the time. Even back at Ass Up. It Ain't About Me, it's about the women You know. So I think when, when you make songs like that, it tend to stick to people a little longer.


So You know, I'm, I'm just grateful that we got opportunities to make the kind of music we made. I mean, when he did You know She Get It from my Mama You know, it was just like, God damn Julie. Like that's, that's, that's touching like You know what I'm saying? Because I use that Mother Mother's Day. Like a real, it's the truth. It's the truth. I used it on Mother's Day You. know what I'm saying? Like for real. It's regular conversation. I hear people say that now. Like she hear it from my mom. Like you, if somebody tell my daughter she pretty, my wife will be like, she get it from her mom. Yeah. You know what I I'm saying? Yeah. And I think a lot of it might've been Barbershop Talk or whatever, but Juvie was great at picking up, dude, this is what the streets are saying right now. Right. And I'm gonna put it in a song. A lot of stuff used to really come from me just being in a project a lot and hearing where everybody You know, hearing, hearing stuff a lot.


Right. Got You. Yeah. I was gonna ask, man, do you have a favorite album or beat that you produced? No. Manny. No, no. Uhuh because you said, you said you just been making albums. You Yeah, I don't, I don't have a favorite You know album or beat that I've done yet because I really feel like I'm not finished You know what I'm saying? A a lot of people will say, oh, that was it. I I, the crazy thing is to me, my masterpiece might be something that only I like You know. And, and to me it is, it doesn't have to go to everybody. Right. It could just be like, this is my body of work that I love and I'll sit here and just jam it my damn stuff. But yeah, I don't, I don't feel like I'm done yet. Like, so Yeah, I don't have one yet.


It ain't over till it's over, man. Yeah. You know, I'm, I'm, I I I feel like I got my second win right now. So I'm, I'm back in the studio creating, I feel like I made a lot of music, but I don't know. I feel the same way with him. Like I've made some great songs, but I still think I have a little more to get out. And until I do that, I I I really want, I don't want to, When I look at Wayne, it feel like Wayne just starting to get his just due as a lyricist. Like people have them all time conversations. I And I don't even give And I feel And I got one conversation when you bring Wayne up the Goat. I think Wayne the greatest rapper of all time I been with him. That's my dude. I saw the whole process of him. I saw the the times we where he couldn't curse and we were stopping him from saying certain things.


Like, bro, you can't say that I, it sound good, but you just can't say that. People don't wanna hear that from you right now. You know and just seeing the whole development of Wayne and where he at right now, I just feel like he the greatest of all time. But then I feel like you should be in them all time. Hell yeah. Down, especially down South And I credit for that. You always, bro you always v me I love you for that absolute, you always throw my name Too nice in the mix. That's You know You know what I'm saying? It's, it's, it is like You know that's, that's like a barbershop fight. You know when somebody's telling me You know, they're like, oh bro, blah blah blah. And I'm like, but juvie, broh You. know what I'm saying? Why do you think, Why do you think that, that they don't throw you in those conversations? Is it because people are too busy having a good time to your music? I think it's partially 'cause I don't really care.


Like even when they ask me that, they always ask me who you think the greatest rapper is. I'm like, I don't care. I wish people stopped saying that. Let's say who make the best song. Forget who the greatest rapper is. 'cause I know some rappers that's real good. Let's check, let's go to the numbers. Pull up any one of your greatest rappers, your best rapper, whoever you like a lot. And we'll put 400 degrees against their best album. Let's check the sales. No double CDs. Don't pull a double CD trick on me either because that that's some bullshit, right? That they quick to see. Oh, he sold 10 million, he had two CDs in his packaging fam. So if I sell 5 million, he sold the same amount as me. Now let's go from there and then let the pe You know what I mean? Let the numbers decide. So you think she'd just be about songs? Yeah.


Not boss. Nah, not boss. Okay. Look man, some of these cats could rap their ass off and can't make a song 'cause to save their life. I know a lot of great rappers who cannot make a hit. That's true. A lot of it is we from a little small city of New Orleans You. know what I'm saying? And it's, it is weird. Like, like what you saying, I don't know why we get Overpassed so much or whatever with all of the numbers and all of the stuff that we've done, but it's to the point now. Yeah, I used to be modest about it now, but I be like, I'm bad as a mother. Yeah. I don't, I don't, I'm not being nice about it no more. Check The numbers man. Just check the Numbers. I mean, y'all, you talk about people that changed hip hop, that changed the course of culture Cash money.


Y'all did that. You did that with your production man. Juvie, Wayne bg. Y'all did that with the raps Turk. Like you can't discredit that. Yeah. Like that. Like, I don't know if that celebrated the way it should be. Yeah. I'm I'm with you. Right. You know what I'm saying? And I used to be like I said, cool about it or whatever, but now it's like, I'm like, You know what You know when I'm like, I mean disrespect. I am a bad mother fucker. Put me in them numbers. If you don't then You. know what I'm saying? I I ain't rocking with you. I'm like give me my my my due like and and and to still be relevant still You know be here. It's even what we wanna challenge anybody young to do. Like You know do show me where you gonna be around 10 more years. Show me where you gonna do something. They gonna drop it at a wedding reception and they still remember it and they and they gonna say like, oh that's the jam.


That's right. I not, not just that. Show me when somebody remix one of your songs, but your song that good when one of these cats 10 years later have that much respect for your song and love you that much to to where they wanna remake one of your songs. That's right. You guys are being Used as like CNN cultural references. Did you guys see that moment with Bacard? Yeah. Yeah, we saw it. Yeah. How when you saw that? It's like, matter of of fact, Oh Bacard. Yeah. He's one of my hosts in my show. I get to South Carolina Bacard, He's gonna host the show Fire. So y'all go get your tickets If. you wanna see him? See what would be there. If. you wanna see Baard get your ticket right. Ute bacard damn rap. Now I recently saw you say that Megan thee stallion wins for best dance performance.


The Baghdad ass up Boy, see how they did that? I I was given credit, right? Because she represents the whole hot, hot boy hot girl thing. Right? So I was given credit. I didn't know how it was going to be written. Right. I didn't even know it was going. That part was gonna be written, but I was just giving credit because the question was asked, who do I think represents right now back that ass up the most and dances dances the most to back. So I, that's the only person I'm really seeing. It's like a lot of other people out there. But that's the only person I'm really seeing. So that's why I said that. And then You know I gotta keep it southern. You Said something about making her too, right? Yeah. So you saw when she was getting all the slack for twerking when she performed with Kamala? Yeah. How y'all feel about that? Because I feel like we back that ass up. It ma you don't even feel like you're twerking. You just, you having such a good time.


You know whatever We from mind your I was just about to tell you my momma, I was just about hit that line Out on the stage. Politics Speak on me. I don't speak on other people, I just, I just don't do it. They like you person, not us. That's where negativity come from. I got products and things like that that I wanna sell And. I want everybody to support me. So I'm definitely never going to say nothing negative about nobody. I just don't do it. What you think it was a negative? Oh no platform. Not when I'm to myself. Yeah, you might hear some You, know what I'm saying? Catch me off, off that ju juice off the juvie juice. Hell, I got juvie juice, I got cognac. If I'm off that yak, that's when I'm really You. know what I'm saying? Get in When y'all got clear the record, how do y'all make that decision?


Like for example, when Abbott Elementary use the song when you get the call and they're like, look, they want to use it for back that ass up y'all. Yeah. Believe it or not, it's some that I've shot down like You know what I'm saying? Where I'm just like, nah, you butchering that like You know what I'm saying? We, we even kind of both have said it all. Money ain't good money. Right, right. You know what I'm saying? And we even want to give like this, this new generation the shot at it. But we don't want you to kill it like You know what I'm saying? And we always want it to be represented. Well, all right, now let's get to the reason why we even here it is the 25th anniversary of Back That Ass Up. That's what we are celebrating. So let's get into this Negro spiritual call. Back that ass up right here on The. Breakfast Club. Yes. It's the world's most dangerous morning show.


The Breakfast, Club Charlamagne to God. DJ Envy is not here today. Jess ais is still on maternity leave. We are celebrating 25 years of back That ass Up. We got Juvenile and Manny Fresh here. Juvie. You had a phenomenal tiny desk too, man. Thank you brother. Me and my brother together though, Manny. That almost didn't happen though. Yeah, you didn't know what it was. Yo, I remember the tweet. It's like one of the most funny ever bro. And we always laugh about it. Me and me and the guys from Tiny, we, we laugh all the time about it because I really didn't know. You can't, you can't knock a brother for not knowing. So when they Hit you with you, like it was like, drew want you to do a tiny dance. He like, what the, the tiny do. Yeah. I just like, well we was sitting in there, my guy was telling me you should do a tiny this and my daughter also.


I'm like, what the fuck is tiny there? I don't even know what y'all talking about. Like, dad, you really should do it. Then his idea was now you should post that. Just like that. Yeah. And they gonna come at you. So You know we kind like asked for it to, to go like that. But then when he start coming at me, I'm like, what? Wait, hold up bro. We gotta have a solution to this. So he said, all right, the next 10,000 retweets, we'll do a show and we'll do a short tiny, that's then I find out they don't pay for a flight together. I'm like, oh damn. So I got, so I had, so, so now I'm like, well fuck it. Then we going, we gonna do it. So I paid for everybody to get up there. I called man, I'm like, Mandy, look bro, I really, I think I really gonna need you to do this 'cause how I'm gonna do tiny That's and sing back that ass up live without him there absolutely sang any really, he on all the hits.


So Imma sing any of these songs while in present. Right. So it worked out, man. My dude came down and then I told trombone shorty about it and trombone said, man look, I'll come down and and play with you too. I, I ran the same by John Batis and he was the same way. Say like, I fly down and do a witcher, we just make it an all New Orleans set. And we bought some, some, some members of the field harmonic down too from our city. So it was just a great look. A New Orleans set. It was, it was a good look. That's what made this all amazing. The instrumentation. Yeah. That, that says a lot about you band because clearly you were influenced by like what they call 'em a New Orleans. The second line. Second line. Yeah. Yeah, yeah. I mean on every corner you got a band. You know, in my high school, a lot of the bands that's important.


People like even Kermit Ruffin or whatever, even Ball shorty, all of them went to the same, all of us went to the same school. Right. So instead of really having a band, we had like second line bands. We didn't have marching bands. So, and and we didn't even have band teachers. You know. So we kind of learn by ear and just what feels good. And I'm glad that's the way I kind of do music. 'cause I think if I actually really would've had training it would've sounded a whole lot different. And, and And I think even with the way I do it, it it, it goes across so much better because to me it is a feeling it ain't so much of Oh you don't know how to read music or you don't You know even to watch like trombone shorty. Those dudes do but but they play with feeling.


He do they play with feeling You know what? I too all. Yeah. They play with feeling. They all the best man I'm talking about they ain't close with, I mean them dudes can play all the instruments. Yeah. Mandy being modest though. 'cause Mandy play a lot of instruments his damn self. Drums, keyboards, all that. A little bit of everything. All self-talk. Yeah. Yeah. You said something earlier, Julie, about the gift and the curse of the internet. What is, what are the gifts and the curse for y'all? Well for me, my gift is I get an opportunity to use my platform and do things like I did the other day with La Russell. Right? Absolutely. Like oh, that amazing man Russell and the other, the other gift is I get, I get an opportunity to promote my product. So I got multiple products. I got my tour You know I got the 25 years back of SF tour on the road and just let everybody know what I'm meant to.


That's the, that's the good part. But the curse is when things that's going on, like what's going on with my bros. You know. That's the curse to me. I feel like when I don't like negativity, And I feel like it's bad. I really don't like to see artists beef with each other too. 'cause at the end of the day, man, we all trying to do the same thing. Feed our family. So I don't like to see that. Even though I know hip hop came from battling. I like to see that. But I don't just, I don't like to see the beef. What about you Manny? What's the Gibson person? I mean, it's probably, he, he, he's super, super close. I I see the internet as a tool to just promote what I'm doing and, and everything about what I'm doing. You know and the curse of it is the negativity. You know And I. Don't think too many people know how to close out a negative comment or, or, or or You know or somebody saying something.


If somebody followed you to talk about you, you already one. Right. That's right. You know what I'm saying? If you the winner. Like, it's like why even answer somebody who you, you really seek me out to tell me what you don't like about me. I'm like, you need a hug. You know. Yeah. You need Jesus. You need a hug. So I, I think that is the negative spot and he hitting the dead on like, I just think a lot of people think now that that is the way, like that's, that's the only way You know. I want real fans, real, real people that mess with me. I'd rather have a million real fans that mess with me than have 4 million people that You know. These are all just people that talk all the time. Yeah. And don't really care. Yeah. Don't like me.


'cause you hate somebody that you see as my enemy don't like me 'cause of that. Yeah. You know what I mean? That that's how I see it. Is it a curse Manny knowing that people say every black stud looks like you. Yeah it is. It's But guess what, I can even laugh at that. You heard me? No. You see how you see how great I am dude. No great. Y'all are great Right off my the, I don't even know how kids get cyber bullied You. know what I'm saying? I dunno how You know how to turn that off and And I and what I love about my parents or whatever I was taught a long time ago. Like Dude you are greatness.


You are God's favorite You. know what I'm saying? So it ain't really nothing. Nobody could tell me my confidence is through the roof like You. know what I'm saying? I And I feel like anybody who say that, especially If, you hide your page or some shit. You cowardly the internet as well. Coward gangsters go to hang out. That's right. That's big slot baby. Yeah man. The icons Living juvenile and Manny Fresh 25th anniversary of Back That Ass Up. Make sure you check them out on the back. That ass up to and it's always a pleasure seeing y'all brother man A pleasure. Thank you bro. Thank you for Champion for us too bro. Absolutely mean you go hard for us and I'm proud of you in everything. You fighting for the South. The fight goes on baby. Don't let him take you.


Don't let them know all of this take you take you. That's right. Juvenile and Manny Press is The Breakfast Club. Yes. It's The World of the most dangerous morning show. The Breakfast. Club Charlamagne to God. DJ Envy is still in Shreveport. I think he's on the way back now. Just hilarious. Is still on maternity leave. But Lauren LaRosa is here holding it down. Yeah. And it's time for Jess with the mess you need is real. H Jessica Robin Moore just don't do no lying. Don she don't nobody. Jess Worldwide mess on The. Breakfast Club Lauren.


So Adele and Rich Paul May be engaged. Okay. It's very much giving that they may be engaged. There was a video that came out over the weekend and Adele flashed a ring in this video. Let's take a listen. Like Will you marry me? I can't marry you 'cause I'm already getting married so I appreciate thank very much. Well that's very clear and concise. Right. So Ade was performing in Germany and while she was on stage, one of the fans in the audience asked for her hand in marriage and she said, I can't marry you, I'm already getting married. And she held up her hand other hand, look, I'm, you can tell I ain't got no ring on your Finger. You ain't even no finger. It's supposed to be On. Right. Okay.


Woo. Babe, come get me. I'm tired of being outside. So she held up her hand with a ring on it and it's a pear shaped beautiful diamond ring. Now she was spotted with this ring about a month ago. The Ring You know the blogs grabbed it. It's estimated at over $800,000. Chunky. Chunky. Very much so. Rich Paul got bread for real. And you'll remember they were spotted together back in 2021 at the NBA finals. And it's just been a thing since then. She always gushes over him, talks about how great of a person he is and how they met. I don't know. Rich Paul bought Adel to the hood. His hood. So So they get married. I Mean clearly it's something serious. You bring her to the hood in Cleveland. That's how I, 'cause ASAP did that with Rihanna too.


He took her to the seafood spot in Harlem. So they gotta take you back to the hood then You know it's real. Has Dr. Umar commented on this situation yet? I'm just wondering has he? I I have not seen, I didn't check in on the Dr. Umar tip this morning. You Know. Okay. I am totally against it. Oh, okay. Alright. Dr. Umar. Yo, y'all are annoying. Let them be happy. I ain't say nothing. I just, as you commented on it, Jacob You know If somebody, I already got A ring. You coming? Let me Put my ring on the other finger so I could just, that Ain't how that works. Why Not manifest the other way? Put your ring back where it belongs. Look my okay. And just write it down. Okay. Write it down repeatedly. Over and over. Somebody gonna come get me. Somebody gonna come get me.


Somebody gonna come get me A wedding ring. Vision board is crazy. So moving on, Tyrese,


The summer is heating up. So the next time you pop open a Coca-Cola or Coke Zero sugar. Prepare for ice cold drops from Coke Studio. New music from your favorite artists and their latest hits with drops from new jeans. Carol g and Peggy Goo Plus live performances at the biggest festivals of the year. Grab taste that moves you. Scan your Coke or Coke. Zero sugar 12 ounce can and unlock magic music moments all year long. No purchase necessary. 13 plus and 50 US DC and Canada. 18 plus for select prizes ends October 31st. Rules, eligibility and prize. availability@coqrl.com slash studio usa. Promo Corp Wright 2024, the Coca-Cola Company.


I'm a good lawyer. And I. Wanna win


On August 22nd? I think A gt, she needs someone who is going to fight for her. If we don't follow the right plan, we lose The Hit series. Reasonable Dow returns on Hulu. She was defending herself against a monster starring Emma Yai Aldi, I'm the best lawyer you have ever worked with. And Morris Chestnut, I'm not Gonna stop. I think I love it. Love it. Never underestimate the power of attorney. Always bet on Jacks reasonable doubt. New season premieres August 22nd streaming only on Hulu.


Hibernation season is over and it's time to get some sun outside. Gather your crew and hit the road in a spacious 2024 Nissan Pathfinder your gateway to larger than life adventures with spacious seating for eight and available panoramic moon moonroof. Everyone can enjoy the journey and soak in the scenery. You have the Great Outdoors Plus with an available towing capacity of up to 6,000 pounds. And an available intelligent four-wheel drive feature with seven drive modes. You can take your favorite toys while adventuring on new terrains. Seize the thrill. And start exploring with the 2024 Nissan Pathfinder today. Head over to Nissan usa.com to learn more intelligent All-Wheel Drive cannot prevent collisions or provide enhanced traction in all conditions. Always monitor traffic and weather conditions. Towing capacity varies by configuration. Seen Nissan Towing Guide and Owner's manual for additional information. Always secure cargo.


Nothing will fit into your day better than a Fit Crunch Bar. Fit Crunch baked bars are chef inspired from Robert Irvine and made with six layers of deliciousness with 16 grams of protein and three grams of sugar. Fit Crunch is the perfect snack. Whether it's at school, midday at work, or when you're on the go. Visit fitcrunch.com and use promo code radio 15 for 15% off your fitcrunch.com. Order or find a retailer near you, check out fitcrunch.com today.


What's good, it's Coleen Wit And Eating While Broke is back for season three. Brought to you by The Black Effect Podcast Network and iHeartRadio. We're serving up some real stories and life lessons from people like Van Latton. TMZ was starting a tour. Harvey came and took the tour by July. I'm on TV every day. I endear myself to the audience. He comes in, he goes, we're gonna give you a raise. Think maybe a year or two years after that I was a producer DC young flag. It wasn't really no way for us to make income off of Vine like that. It was more so notoriety. Once that popped off, it was like people was following it. And I ain't know how big it was. I ain't know people was doing this on they spare time. I was Don't do that kids. That's bad. It was, it was crazy that it had to be that real and that Harsh Bone thugs in harmony. Our mission was, we was telling everybody in the hood, we finna go meet Eazy-E We about to come back and do a video. Of course we didn't know. So we was Lying like a mother. Little Do we know we speaking reality and we going to come back with a bus and camera crew And many more. They're sharing the dishes that got them through their struggles and the wisdom they gained along the way. We're cooking up something special. So tune in every Thursday, listen to eating while Broke on the Black Effect Podcast network, iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts or wherever you get your podcasts Presented by State Farm Like a good neighbor. State Farm is there.


Tyrese had a performance recently At you still distraught that you ain't married. I'm not distraught that I'm not married 'cause I I know my husband is on the way. Okay. I'm distraught that the man I knew from Signs of Love making did what I'm about to tell y'all about. 'cause this is not the chocolate drop that I've been in love with for so long, man. Ooh, that hurt me. You felt that hurt. Oh Man. Okay. So Tyrese was performing the national anthem at the Cowboys versus Rams game at the SoFi Stadium in Inglewood, California. And he attempted to redo Marvin Gaye's national Anthem rendition that he performed in 83 at the NBA All-Star game at the Kia Forum in Inglewood. And That's what that was. Yeah. Okay. So we're gonna take a listen.


I know what you, We, we gonna take a listen to Tyrese first at the Cowboys rims game. I, I mean, I can't really hear it that well. Well, he didn't sound bad unless I'm, hold on. Okay, Let's take a listen to Marvin Gaye.


Okay. What's Your first of all Dropping a C bond from Marvin Gaye. First of all, who the hell out here comparing Tyrese to Marvin Gaye? That's the, that's the first problem. So y'all be getting mad because y'all be getting disappointed about expectations that y'all be setting for no damn reason. So who is out here comparing Tyree to Marvin Gaye? My mind never went there. I would never compare Tyrese to Marvin Gaye either. Okay. And, and let's just You know put it out there. He had the whole look. He recreated this look of Marvin Gaye's.


Some that is not Marvin Gaye that just looks gay. And also I thought Tyree was just trying something new. He was tired of being himself. Which I can totally understand. If I woke up Tyrese and decided to dress up in in cosplay as something else, I would totally understand why I'm doing that. Why? 'cause I don't wanna be me. Why not? Though? I wouldn't wanna be Tyrese. Tyrese has a couple of downs, but the ups, but Tyrese is still I met. That's sc be Woo. You could never That's the that's that's what, that's what you, that's the Tyree. I saw you mad. That's the Tyrese you have in your mind. Yeah, but fi and I'm holding on to it. But just five minutes ago and when these mics was off, you was saying I cannot believe this is the man that was on the bus singing. I didn't say on the bus. What'd you say? I said I can't believe that this is the signs of love making Tyree.


That I, that is him Know that is him. I didn't know what he was doing. I really had no idea that he was trying to be Marvin Gaye. I'm, is there a new Marvin Gaye movie coming out? Is he like shooting his shot or something? Nothing about that. Gave me Marvin Gaye. It gave me extra in Sanford the Sun. That's what it gave me. Nothing about gay. It was extra in good times. You loved The stuff all over that man. Nothing, Nothing about it gave me Marvin Gaye. I forgot y'all got history. That's my guy. What Nothing about that gave me Marvin Gaye. Yeah. Well okay. He said he only had a few bad notes. So He did say, now he didn't sound that I didn't, that's what they was calling him for because about how he sounded. Yeah. They basically said it was a failed recreation of the Marvin Gaye moment. Yeah. If that's what he was trying to do, that was an epic fail.


But I didn't, I didn't know that he was trying to be Marvin Gaye. I'm Just trying to figure out like what made him wake up and be like, You know what? Today we gonna Marvin Gaye twin. Where have you been? Like ain't No twin. Where have you been at? No, I'm really confused about that part of it. That that's what got me moving on. Wow, man. Mm. That is a moving on ti. So remember ti was arrested Mistaken identity? Yes it was. Same person, same name, but not actually TI. So TMZ caught up with him and asked him about the arrest and how he felt about it. Shout out to Jordan. Go ahead. You're considered Atlanta royalty. I mean, how did they not recognize you when they falsely arrested you? I mean that's just messed on.


They were just doing their job. You Weren't upset by it. I tried to get rid of emotion and deal with the facts at hand. So once you deal with the facts at hand, your emotion ain't involved. I mean how did tiny feel about it when she heard the news? I don't know man. I mean, sucks to say man. She probably was all too familiar with, at least this time man. It was a minor injury. Maximum lesson learned. It's all good. Yeah. Last question. I mean, you're sitting on a lot of verses. I mean you have a lot of battle tactics. I mean, I have to ask you, how do you think the presidential debate will play out between Kabbalah and Trump? I mean, who do you think is gonna win between these two? I had no interest in politics.


Drop on a month 10. Man, I have no interest in politics. I still don't understand how they mistake like, like she asked the first question, how do you mistake ti for anybody else in Atlanta? But I guess it's the name Clifford Harris. But even still, why? Why you treat 'em like that in Atlanta? I Don't remember this exact fact, but I'm like, they're not checking birth dates. So was the birth date the same as hotel? I don't remember that fact. I should remember the name being seen. I dunno. I don't know. What Did you just jump at? What happened in your phone? They said we have audio A doctor. Who am I talking about? Rich Paul. Oh my. Somebody tell Rich Paul LeBron's agent. I respect you brother, rich, intelligent brother. You done built the empire. I love to see the young brothers winning. I love to see black men winning in the white world. I love to see black men winning in the white world. But you cannot, cannot, cannot be victimized by the Snow bunny crisis.


One thing about Dr. Humma, he ain't going to never let me down. Where y'all get that from so fast. He already had talked about this. He had to have Pat talked about it because I didn't see a new video before. This is a Damn Dr. Humma damn Rich. Paul can't even be happy. He Can be happy. Yes he can. That man work hard. Listen, I just Let him enjoy. Tell Dr. Dr. Umma it ain't got nothing to do with Me. I ain't telling Dr. Umma or nothing. 'cause my blades is my braids are blonde. He ain't gonna get on me. I don't got no time. And I'm from Delaware. Dr. Omar, your school still don open yet, but Yo I didn't. I keep, I keep, every time I see a beach in Delaware, I'd be surprised We have beaches. We have a few of them. Actually I did not know that. Yes, Bethany Rehobeth Cap.


Listen. Whoa. Thank you for just with your mess Lauren. Of course we have donkey today coming up next and it's going to a man named Darryl James. He needs to come through the front of the congregation. We would like to have a word with him. And one of my favorite moments to talk about and teach about is the power of choices. We shall discuss this The, Breakfast Club, Black queens forever. Snow bunnies. Never. Your execution on the donkey of the day is something to hold you to read. Need they gave me Donkey of the day. And. I deserve to. People need to know. Well you need to tell them I am because you have the voice. Tell them. Tell tell about it. It's time for Donkey of the Day. It's a read, but you're so good at it. You trying to be a fake ass. Charlamagne Charlamagne Charlamagne.


Who you giving Dusty today too, man? Well, sexy red donkey today for Monday August 12th goes to a Michigan man named Darrell James. Now Darrell James was in court for a simple misdemeanor trespassing charge. Now I did some research and by research I mean I asked Chad, GPT And. I asked Chad GPTA simple question. How much time does a simple trespassing charge get you in Michigan? First thing Chad GPT told me was it's a misdemeanor. We knew this already. And you can get a fine. That can range from a hundred to $500 depending on the severity of the case. Okay, jail time. It says verbatim. While jail time is not common for simple trespassing, it is possible in some cases the maximum jail sentence for a trespassing misdemeanor in Michigan can be up to 30 days.


The third offense is probation. So instead of, or in addition to fines in jail time, the court might impose probation during which the person must comply with specific conditions set by the court. I'm telling you all of this so you can understand how ridiculous Darryl James is. Okay, see, Darryl went to court for the misdemeanor trespassing charge. Something he probably would've gotten a fine for. Like I told you, those fines range from a hundred to $500. But instead he ended up with almost a year and a half in jail. Would you like to know how this happened? Let's go to CBS Detroit for the report please. This court Hearing has gone viral after a trespassing suspect landed himself in jail. For nearly two otherwise unnecessary years.


Yeah, Kelly. So it was all over an angry outburst at a wash denial county Judge. Just everyone take a listen. It's trespassing. I can technically leave and you guys can issue a warrant. As long as I don't return you can kiss my This is You. know what? No, no. I'm gonna tell you what, you don't come in. You don't? Okay, that's contempt. That's 93. Keep going. That's another nine three. That's another 93. That's another 93. Damn. That's another 93. That's six 90 threes consecutive Was Darrell Gerald, who you heard swearing at Judge Cedric Simpson. And he was in court over a misdemeanor trespassing charge.


Just as the judge was about to adjourn, Gerald decided to give him a piece of his mind. That's right. So the total penalty, 558 days in jail. When Keeping it real goes wrong. Whoever controls his mouth protects his own life. Okay? Whoever has a big mouth come to ruin, all right comes to ruin in life. You have to know when to shut the F up. Okay? We make our lives so difficult for no reason by simply not knowing how to shut the F up. I know You know who told Darryl that he could. I don't know who told Darryl he could go in that courtroom and play with the judge like that. But you told him wrong. Okay? Do you understand that in this moment when you in the courtroom in front of the judge, that judge is literally determining your future.


Okay Darryl, you may not believe this, you may not even understand this, but let me be the first to tell you that judge did nothing to you. You mad at The World you upset about how your life is going. So you decided to project in that courtroom. I understand you being tired of the state. You may you you're in. Okay? You may need a change of scenery 'cause that's what he told the judge. F this state, I'm tired of this state. I'm ready to leave this state. All those things might be true. And You know, leaving the state may be the best thing for you. Changing your environment creates new, new opportunities. I'm not mad at none of that. But those have should have been all inside. Inside thoughts. Okay? Telling them people to kiss your ass will only lead to your ass being kissed in a jail cell.


Alright? You tell everybody in that court to kiss your ass and suck your D, all the judge going to do is say word. That's what you into. I'm not into that, but I can send you somewhere where there's a whole lot of that going on, right? Darryll told the judge F you repeatedly. The judge said, oh, it's mother f me. No, it's mother F you. And I'm gonna send you somewhere where it's a whole lot of F-ing you going on. Okay? There's absolutely zero reason to argue with a judge. Arguing with a judge is like arguing with your GPS. You're still going to end up where they want you to go. And in this case, Darryl Miller is going to prison for 558 days because he decided to Cape Atra.


Okay? Listen to your Uncle Charlotte. Kids life is about choices. All right? Some we regret, some were proud of. Some will haunt us forever. The moral of the story is we are what we chose to be. And Darryl chose to be a jackass. Some donkey today just sel themselves. Please give Darryl James the sweet sounds of the Hamiltons. Oh you The donkey of the day. You the of the day. I feel no, no pity for him whatsoever. You shoulda learned a long time ago.


He Earned every bid of them 558 days. Every single one. You don't okay with them people. Not at all. Now tell me thank you Laura. For what? Just say thank you for donkey today. No, But no, I need that to move on. I've been spent, come on, just say it. I dunno if I wanna thank you for anything. Oh My God, man. I just dunno how I feel about gratitude to you Say, I would say, say that was donkey of the day, Right? That was donkey today. Thank you for your service. That's Right. Now what we're gonna talk about next, right? You remember that guy who called in during donkey of day earlier, not donkey of today during Get your chest. Listen, listen, Rick Just wanted to get off my chest. Just found out my wife cheated on me with a coworker. No, See work husband workwise.


I told you that ain't cool. You just assuming it's a work husband. It could be a work Wife. I said or workwise. You know i's inclusive. I'm inclusive. Oh, it's a Work wife. You mad about that? Oh yeah. Damn. Tell me more. She told me she wanted to get a divorce. And I didn't believe that. A reason that she was giving me. So I did some research. And I found all the You know text messages and stuff. So she's gay? Yeah. How long y'all been together? We been together for seven years. Married three. Oh, toxic studs out here. Stealing people. Women. Why Did you say so? She's gay like that. Why did you said so she's gay. How many men have lost their women to another woman? And how did you handle it? That is the question this morning.


This is a safe space. Have you ever dealt with that? No. No I Haven't. You're married for a long time. But prior. Prior to That never Ain't. Oh, But there's some old rough ass tongue toxic studs out here. Out here. Just taking yo out here. Taking people's women. And we want to talk to the men that have been victimized by these studs. How many men have lost their women to another woman? And how did you handle it? This is a safe space. Let's discuss. It's The Breakfast. Club The. Breakfast Club. Daddy call man. It's topic time. Call 805 8 5 1 0 5 1 to join into the discussion with The Breakfast Club.


Yes. It's the world's most dangerous morning show. The Breakfast. Club Charlemagne. The God DJ Envy is on his way back from the humor and harmony weekend in Shreveport. Just hilarious is on maternity leave. LL Cool Bay, Lauren LaRosa, Delaware Finest is here holding it down. And we're having a conversation this morning. It's based off a call, a brother that called in during, get it off your chest. Can we hear this brother Red Just wanted to get off my chest. Just found out my wife cheated on me with a coworker. No, See work husband workwise. I told you that ain't cool. You just assuming it's a work husband. It could be a Work wife. I said or work wife. Wife. You know I'm inclusive work wife. I'm inclusive. Oh, It's a work wife. You mad about That? Oh yeah. Damn. Tell me more.


She Told me she wanted to get a divorce. And I didn't believe that reason that she was giving me. So I did some research. And I found all the You know text messages and stuff. So she's gay? Yeah. How long y'all been together? We've been together for seven years. Married Three. Poor man out here. Just lost his woman to a old toxic stud. Okay. These toxic studs out here stealing people, women. Lauren, that happened to you? Don't what? What has What? I'm just asking. Explain how, what are Actually, do You know anybody? What are you asking me? Do You have any male friends who've lost the women to other women Before? I do. Okay. I do have some male friends who've gone through this and they be so hurt. Like I don't know what it is because I also have homegirls who have found out, they're like You know the guys that they're dealing with are like bisexual.


Yeah. And some of them stick. Like I have a person who was like married to somebody and she stayed with them. They worked through it. The guys are, I thought you about to say stick beside him. Well, beside him I knew what you was getting at. Guys are a lot more insecure when it comes to a woman coming and taking your woman. I don't know what it is. 'cause it's like y'all be pushing that anyway. Y'all a threesome. Y'all want all that stuff. So it's like, who is y'all? Y'all be generalizing Now You know how I felt when you called me raggedy the other day. I did not call you. You kept calling me Raggedy. I did not call you Raggedy. He saying I can't set Standards. I said, some of y'all be raggedy. Y'all. I mean you. Who is y'all? Exactly. I don't know what it is. It's like, it's maybe, it's like the idea that like you got all of this, hopefully you got all of that and you doing all this sticking and poking.


And she, I think that's what it is. When you're a man and you lose your woman to another woman You know that there's clearly something that woman has that you just simply will never have. You understand what I'm saying? So it's like you are, if she, she don't have a penis. So whatever she's doing to that woman, that is something that you can't do. And I think that's what drives you Crazy about it. Oh yeah. I ain. Never grown up eat ice cream cones in it shows. Damn God damn. Let's go to the phones. Good morning. Yeah. Good morning. Yeah, good Morning. What's up my brother? This is a safe space. A toxic stud stole you woman. Yeah, I wanna say I thought it was my woman. I thought I was the main guy for at least two months and then I get a, maybe a text or a phone call from the stud letting me know that I was the side piece.


No man, the stud, the woman did. She came to you as a A stud. Okay. 'cause Like I'm, I'm your stud to man. I want to tell you something. What'd she say to you bro? She just let me know that I was the side piece and she had been with the girl for at least two to three years. I'm not Worried about, I mean, I'm not worried. I'm not mad though. Like, I mean side surfing turf. Like you want your situation on the plate and you should Side. Yeah, it was hard. It was hard for me to notice because the girl was with me every day for the, for like two months. So I guess maybe they was on the off, off time or whatever. But he called me and had me set up a time where we could all meet and they pulled up on me.


She pulled the stud, pulled up on me with the girl in the passenger seat? Yeah. No man. Was she in a pickup truck? Seen me or Subaru? Nah, it was actually one of those little small geo metro cars. It was a funny car. You know it was convertible. Damn. Probably had a scrap tuck ready for you to do something. Right. But the girl, soon, the girl see me, she start crying, man. I didn't even get to talk to her. They pulled off and that was the end of that. I gave her back to the stu. Hold on. So the stu so the stud rolled off into the sunset with your bay? Yeah. That's what happened in the convertible convert. Damn. Did they drop the top on you when they rolled off? It was already down. God damn. Thank you brother. This is a safe space.


I'm, I'm glad you decided to share your story, man. Good morning. Who is this man? This Jay man. This Johnny man down here, man in Georgia, man. Jay, have you ever lost your woman to another woman? And how did you handle it, sir? Yes. Yes. I was devastated a man. It happened a couple weeks ago. I'm crying by the still to the day man. I get in a girl car. I'm seeing like cigarette lighter with the connector on it and You, know what I'm saying? A a black T-shirt in the car. Fa like ba, who's on this field? And she like You. know what I'm saying? I'm thinking it's a dude because You know only dudes really Rock brought keys and black keys and had Oh no. Oh no.


Not in the land of Stu Bay. Huh? Not, not when it come to studs. R Ru. Tell me more. Yeah, you feel me? So I find, I find some Nike slides in the backseat one day. So I'm like, Hey, what, what, what's going on? And so we pulled up and the stud pulled up. And one day when we was together, You, know what I'm saying? And she came to the pesticide where I was, and at And I gonna pulled the door off the end just trying to get her nail up big. Berta Big. She was big too. Big Bert girl named Bert. I couldn't, I couldn't believe my eyes. Did she have on Black Air Force ones? Yeah. I knew how You know. You must, that must be your cousin or something. No, she just gives Black Force, air Force One energy.


Man. I swear, man. I, like I said the whole time I'm thinking there was a guy called You know a car smelling like You know cologne and stuff like that. So wh when I finally confronted her, so I was like, Hey man, what you got going on? Because I'm finding too much para that, that, that seemed like he, if he for dude or something. Dang. She like, ain't nothing going on my cousin, cousin. But it hurt me, man. I I'm still messed up to this day, man. Well, she didn't lie. She said it wasn't another guy. Right. I I I'm, but You know how women lie. Women are lie to you. That wasn't a lie. It wasn't another guy. I'm think it, yeah. I mean, but I just couldn't believe it. I mean, because You know I'm thinking about the, the stuff that I'm finding. It looked like it belonged to a dude. Were you shocked that it was a, like did she never told you like she had been into girls or like anything like that?


She Didn't never tell me none of that. I, I, I You know one time on my birthday I was going ask her like, if, if we could we do that, but I was just like, nah, I don't think Imagine birthday popped out the cake. That's right. You fool around big birthday, that big stud come down. She tried to put that goddamn scrapie. Hey, thank you for sharing your story, man. This is a safe space. Okay. Thank you brother. 1 805 8 5 1 0 5 1. How many men have lost their woman to another woman? And how did you handle it? This is a safe space. Okay. Feel free to call up here and vent about them. Toxic studs with them rough ass tongues like a cat. The, Breakfast, Club.


If y'all talking about it You know we talking about it. It's topic time. Call 805 8 5 1 0 5 1 to join into the discussion with The Breakfast Club. Yes. It's the world's most dangerous morning show. The Breakfast Club Charlamagne. The God DJ Envy is on his way back from the humor in Harmony Weekend in Shreveport. Just AIS is on maternity leave. But Lauren la is here LL Cool Bay. And we're talking about women. Well really men who have lost their women to other women. And how did they handle it? This is based off a call that we had and get off your chest because we hear the call. Red Just Wanted to get off my chest. Just found out my wife cheated on me with a coworker. No dang. See work husband workwise. I told you that ain't cool.


You just assuming it's a work husband. It could be a work wife. I said or workwise. You know. I'm I I'm inclusive. Oh, It's a work wife. Are you mad about that? Oh yeah. Damn. Tell me more. She told me she wanted to get a divorce. And I didn't believe that a reason that she was giving me. So I did some research. And I found all the You know text messages and stuff. So she's gay. Yeah. How long y'all been together? We've been together for seven years and married three. All I've been realizing this morning, Lauren, is that studs must be stopped. They must be stopped. I been knew how toxic they need love too though. They what? They need love too. Well go find love on their own. Why? They always wanna steal somebody's person. Huh? I mean, If. you If you can be stolen. You not somebody, that person's person. Nah, they Out here with all they little tricks.


You know what I'm saying? What Tricks They got them Little scrap ons that got all types of different settings. You know a Lot about like, like just their sexual, like You know how their tongues feel. Their strap. Rough as tongues. Rough ass tongues like cats. Okay, Tell us more. What have you experienced? Let's go to the studs. All right. You have, when? How many of us have them? Let's go to the phones. Hello. Hello. Good morning. Who is this? Good Morning is Keenan. What's up Kenan? How you doing? I'm blessed black and highly favored man. Have you ever lost your woman to another woman? And how did you handle it, sir? In a, in a sense I did. So about 10, 15 years ago I was with somebody I consider a high school sweetheart. After we broke up a third time, stopped talking to her.


Ended up finding out her father, passed away, talked to her again, tried to ask some questions. I end up getting basically blocked on all social media. So I never got true answer question. But after that I found out she had got married, married to a woman. So I reached out to her again. Still nothing. But to this day, I don't know what happened. But I know in 2016 her wife wrote a message on Facebook basically threatening me to stay away from her You know, even talk to woman over two years. So how did I handle it? I went to depression bro. I did. No man, I'm Was it a stud? That part, I don't know. I never seen a woman. I never really like anything. I just kind of, once they walked away, And I got through that whole Facebook. Same man.


I moved on with my life. Oh, Well I'm glad I It tough. I'm glad that you survived. Okay. And Yes, I agree. Would you have been depressed if she had left you for a man or were you more depressed because it was a woman? I think I was more depressed because it was a woman reason is I was not person side from high school all the way up until, let's say she lied about graduating college. So I had her back for over 10 years. So it hurt me more to find that out versus actually being that that person you can come talk to. She didn't do that to me. So it hurt more because to alcoholism. But I got past all that. Damn my brother sending you positive energy, love and light, man.


Good morning. Who's this? Hey, this is Ashley from Virginia P Ashley, you got taken. Yes. Either you got taken or you a stud that does the taken Look. I just wanted to tell y'all about my man that got taken by another man, honey. Okay. I love a good so You giving, you giving it to these what you call the studs, the bone tongue. What? Them little rough ass tongues like a cat. Little toxic studs with rough.


The summer is heating up. So the next time you pop open a Coca-Cola or Coke Zero sugar. Prepare for ice cold drops from Coke Studio. New music from your favorite artists and their latest hits with drops from new jeans. Carol g and Peggy Goo Plus live performances at the biggest festivals of the year. Grab taste that moves you. Scan your Coke, a Coke zero sugar 12 ounce can and unlock magic music moments all year long, no purchase necessary. 13 plus and 50 US DC and Canada. 18 plus for select prizes ends October 31st. Rules, eligibility and prize. availability@coql.com slash Studio USA. Promo copyright 2024, the Coca-Cola Company.


I'm a good lawyer. And I Wanna win on August 22nd? I think gt, she needs someone who is going to fight for her. If we Don't follow the right plan, we lose The hit series. Reasonable Dowed returns on Hulu. She was defending herself against a monster starring Emma Yai Aldi, I'm the best lawyer you have ever worked with. And Morris Chestnut, I'm not gonna stop. I think I love it. Love it. Never underestimate the power of attorney. Always bet on Jacks reasonable doubt. New season premieres August 22nd streaming only on Hulu.


Hibernation season is over and it's time to get some sun outside. Gather your crew and hit the road in the spacious 2024 and Nissan. Pathfinder your gateway to larger than life adventures with spacious seating for eight, an available panoramic moonroof. Everyone can enjoy the journey and soak in the scenery of the great Outdoors. Plus with an available towing capacity of up to 6,000 pounds. And an available intelligent four-wheel drive feature with seven drive modes. You can take your favorite toys while adventuring on new terrains. Seize the thrill and start exploring with the 2024 Nissan Pathfinder today. Head over to Nissan usa.com to learn more intelligent. All-Wheel Drive cannot prevent collisions or provide enhanced traction in all conditions. Always monitor traffic and weather conditions. Towing capacity varies by configuration. See Nissan Towing Guide in owner's manual for additional information. Always secure cargo.


Nothing will fit into your day better than a Fit Crunch Bar. Fit Crunch baked bars are chef inspired from Robert Irvine and made with six layers of deliciousness with 16 grams of protein and three grams of sugar. FitCrunch is the perfect snack, whether it's at school, midday at work, or when you're on the go. Visit fitcrunch.com and use promo code radio 15 for 15% off your Fit crunch.com. Order or find a retailer near you, check out fitcrunch.com today.


What's good, it's Coleen Wit and Eating While Broke is back for season three. Brought to you by the Black Effect Podcast Network and iHeartRadio. We're serving up some real stories and life lessons from people like Van Latton. TMZ was starting a tour. Harvey came and took the tour by July. I'm on TV every day. I endear myself to the audience. He comes in, he goes, we're gonna give you a raise. I think maybe a year or two years after that I was a producer DC Young Flight. It wasn't really no way for us to make income off of Vine like that. It was more so notoriety. Once that popped off, it was like people was following And. I ain't know how big it was. I ain't know people was doing this on they spare time. I was like, don't do that kids, that's bad. It was, it was crazy that it had to be that real and that Harsh Bone Thugs and Harmony. Our mission was we was telling everybody in the hood, we finna go meet Eazy-E We about to come back and do a video. Of course we didn't know, so we was lying like a mother. Little do we know we speak in reality and we going to come back with a bus and camera crew And many more. They're sharing the dishes that got them through their struggles and the wisdom they gained along the way. We're cooking up something special. So tune in every Thursday, listen to eating while broke on the Black Effect podcast network, iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts or wherever you get your podcasts Presented by State Farm Like a good neighbor. State Farm is there.


You gotta give it to these deep dogs out here. Taking women men too Deep throw dogs is crazy. Yes, I was in college, I was dating this dude about two or three months and he just came out to me and told me that he was on a DL and basically he was just using me as a pop. They call that a beard. You were a beard. So question, do you, you had no idea. I had my, like we only dated for two or three months. We never had sex or anything in Two or three months. What did he tell you? But my friends, we were, we were in suspicion, but I thought he was really nice.


Like he was really nice. He was for me and buy me things. And. I'm just like, well I wanna see. So Wait, but say Much. You never wondered why all his faults were silent. Not once I was thinking, I was thinking in my head, but then I didn't wanna, I, I guess I ignored the red flags. That's what I Mean. Gimme some more red flags. What Was he buying you that you ignored all them red flags? Well, I was only 22 so I thought like him taking me out all the time was, was spoiling me. And he would buy me like clothes and shoes. He would pay my phone bill like was 20 like, or like, I just thought that was really nice.


I bet you when you think about it, all the clothes he bought you was men clothes. He was dressing, he wanted, he wanted to dress you up like a little boy. Probably wanted you to wear finger waves and a snapback all the time. I just wanted say like the not taking dude taking two baby Damn. Didn't nobody take him from you. He was never yours and you knew it. Thank you for sharing your story, man. Good morning. Who's this? Hello? What's up my brother? How are you? I'm doing fine, I'm doing fine. I just wanna say I love y'all Charlamagne and MV got the best man. Thank you. Vy not here, but Lauren Osa is, man. The question we asking this morning, have you ever lost your woman to another woman? How did you handle it? Yes I did man.


I lost my woman to strong tongue tied acrobatic S stu. Man, Acrobatic is crazy. Not an Olympic, all of that. All of That man. Olympic study. Crazy. I come back, I tried Really? Tell us what happened, man. So it was, it was kind of weird though. Stu haw. So cola I did a little bit, man, I did a couple years. So I come home, I wanted to do a threesome. So I'm like, okay, yeah, let's do it baby. But then she said, I wanna do it differently. So I'm like, all right, what's trying to spice up? But she tell me she wanted to bring a stud. So I'm like, hold on, hold on. What? Not an aggressive girl or stud. Like You know it's a difference. She's like, yeah, stud. So I'm like, I'm not into a lot, but You know If.


you wanna do it? I'll watch. She was like, okay. She ended up doing it on her own and then she was gone. Charlamagne. I don't know what punk game she put on her, but it was over. Damn man. Wow. Well I'm glad that you decided to share your story here. This is a safe space. Are they still together now? I hope. I hope not. 'cause I need it back man. She was good to me. Damn. Wow. She was one of your best eaters is what it sounds like. Kind of So Though. That's what the stud said too. Have a good, have a good day my brother. This is sad man. I'm glad that we created this safe space this morning for all the men who have lost their women to other women specifically toxic ass studs. Okay, studs pull up with no makeup on. Looking like Bow Wow and Soulja Boy in the mid two thousands.


Baggy jeans, t-shirts, snapbacks and scrap ons taking everybody girl build a wall around studs. Okay, I know Pride month hard for all them Callers. Pride month is a relapse month. They Be like, man, Studs must be be stopped. Okay, there an epidemic that we don't talk about enough in our communities. Okay Lord, you think everybody should be able to love? Oh my God, let's get with Jessica. Mess is Real. Jessica, Robin Moore. Jess don't do no lie. Don't do lie. She don't spare nobody. Worldwide. Worldwide mess on The.


Breakfast Club, she's the coach. Lauren, Lauren la I'm back. And. I got the Mess. Talk, talk to me. So Neve from Catfish, My guy. Yes. Got in a really, really bad accident. So he posted about it on Instagram. He posted a swipe through and he has like photos of him actually in the hospital. He broke his neck actually in a few different places. So he shows you that as well too. But he basically tells a story in the caption and he says that on Sunday his son wanted to go fishing and he, they, so they decided to go and it was like a beautiful trip. And he was like, he finally understands what people, You know how, like when people have like a really bad life accident or experience, they always recap like, oh, the day before was like so amazing or whatever.


He said he finally understands that because that day with his family was just like, it was perfect. The day was perfect. The fishing trip was perfect, everything was good. Monday he was supposed to pick up his son from school. So he was on his bike, was supposed to pick up his son from school and never made it to his son's school. So I guess the school called his wife and was just like, Hey, who's coming to pick up your son? And that's how she got alerted about the accident. Wow. He had been hit. He was like by himself. He was like, I was lucky I was by myself because he was supposed to have picked up his son. He was unconscious, he was rushed to the er. When You say bike like a motorcycle or something? Yeah, yeah. Well it says his bike, I'm assuming it was like a motorcycle. So he was rushed to the er, he broke his neck.


But he had, it was stable fractures. He was not paralyzed. Although in the beginning they were not sure about his hands. They didn't know if he'd be able to use his hands for some time. But he is good now. He says that You know, he just is thanking everybody from the medical team that has been very remarkable from the EMS. Everybody in the emergency room. And he doesn't like, it's, it's hard to feel sorry for himself when he hears the doctor say that people in his position would've never walked again. Damn. Yeah man. Sending a, a need, positive energy, love and light. Yeah. It's interesting right? Whenever you hear about Broken Neck, you just automatically think the person died. Yeah. You Know. Yeah, because it's, I mean, or paralyzed.


It's, it's almost impossible sometimes to be in a very serious accident where you break your neck and you're not paralyzed or you actually make it. So, so yeah. And the pictures are pretty gruesome. He even put like an alert, like graphic warning before you swipe Through. Well thank you. 'cause I won't be swiping but definitely sending him, sending him healing energy. I'll text him to you. Don't swipe. No, no thank. So next Kirk Franklin sat down with Cam Newton and they had a pretty interesting conversation. It was very open. Kirk talked about You, know his upbringing, deciding to get into gospel music and just being a person of God and like all the judgment he gets and how he deals with it. Let's take a listen. Believe that marriage has been weaponized in western Christianity. Giving has been weaponized in Western Christianity.


Sexuality has been weaponized. For example, any woman listening to this can attest in our culture. Don't be no 30, 30 5-year-old single black woman and go to the family reunion. All the older women are gonna do nothing. They gonna look at you and wonder why are you not married? Where your man At, where your kids At? Like it's a prerequisite for identity. And I you that If, you don't have a man If, you don't have kids. That something about you is broken. Do you understand how dysfunctional these messages are? Yeah. And how we supersize these messages. And so what people do, they quickly get married thinking that they're fulfilling God's will for their lives. But they are. They are what? They are fulfilling man's dogma.


You can be single and have purpose. Damn. You hear that Lauren? You can be single and have purpose. I know I got listen, God got his hand on me and I'm single as a dollar Bill. But you don't want to be, I Mean don't send miss messages. Messages To the universe. No, what I was gonna Say, the universe right now what you want, you're speaking to millions of people. I am going to be happily married with there you go with an amazing family. But what, what Kirk Franklin was talking about was the fact that in his life people try to throw a lot of different things on him because he's a man of God. He's a gospel artist or whatever. When you're alea, when you're a leader or just when you're in the church at all, when you're a Christian or whatever, people have these ideas of how perfect your life should be. So people go get married, they rush to get married to whoever, Listen the church Just because they think that you have to be in order to, and he was saying that even in church, they tell you can't do certain things unless you're married.


The Church is one of the most judgmental places ever. And it's the place where people aren't supposed to judge. But I feel like they judge the most. A Hundred percent And. I wanna be married for sure. But I wanna be married happily. Not just because You know I was, I grew up in a family that goes to church. And. I do get asked questions that I just had the family reunion last week. Last Week they had the family reunion Last Saturday. You got hit with that question. Why you ain't got no kids Lauren? I think they're tired asking me. Honestly I'm, I think they're tired. My mom is my after the family reunion though, my mom did have a whole moment of her explaining why she's ready for her grandkids. Okay. Yeah. Just tell 'em you're a stud. You want me to tell my mom Just to get to the family Reunion?


Mom, I am not, she gonna hear this and be like, are you trying to tell me something? No, Those pressures are real from family though. You know what I'm saying? Like do you answer those questions honestly though? Like when somebody said to you why you don't have no kids, why you not married? Do you even dignify it with an answer or you just say mind your Business? No, I say, are you trying to watch my kids? Can you afford or you wanna afford my kids? I was gonna say something else, but my grandma had been told me Stop saying the third one. So what was the third One? Where's your husband? You know. You can't say that. You can't say that. The OGs Okay. Okay. You know what I mean? Okay. Because it's like, yeah, hear you. But like how did yours work Out? Men get those questions too, but in different ways. No they don't. Yeah. Men get like You know what, basically what are you doing with your life? Which is essentially you a bum.


I've Never heard. And, and and, and and and they don't go no farther if you're not doing nothing with your life. 'cause we know why you ain't got no, we know why. Ain't got no family or kids because you can barely afford to take care of yourself. No, but it, but And If, you don't have no family and kids and you a certain age and you a man. They, they be gay. They just assume you gay. Yeah. Assume you gay. I'm telling you, it's all out here. The pressures to be real. Yo. That's so crazy. That's true. It's true. I've never heard my bro, I'm, I've never heard anybody ask my brother like, why you not married? How old is he? He's about to be 30 in August. Oh, okay. Over in August end. He's gonna be 30 After 30. He Got a kid. He got a kid though. So, But no, it's like we And I. He got A kid. If he ain't had no kids and he wasn't married by the time he get to 30, the questions at the family reunion start to change.


Why are you kidding? Okay. Right. That was just with the mess. We got the people's choice mix coming up next. DJ Envy left the mix as he always does. He's gonna be talking on it even though he hasn't been here all morning. But that's just the way we've been doing things the last 15 years. It's The, Breakfast Club. Yep. It's The World most dangerous morning show. The Breakfast. Club Charlamagne. The God DJ Envy was stuck in Shreveport. He was there for 50 cents. Humor and Harmony weekend with where everybody seemed like they were this past weekend. Everybody Was there. So he'll be back today and he'll be back here on the show tomorrow. Just hilarious. Is still on maternity leave. Has not had the baby yet. As far as I know.


I'm gonna check in today. I think I, I spoke to her Saturday. I didn't speak to her yesterday, but as far as I know she didn't have the baby. Lauren. Yes. Thank you for being here. Thank you for having Me. You'll be well you, you're here for a while because you're here to do Justin's maternity leave. Yep. Do you have anything going on you wanna shout out? Brown girl Grinding of Course. Always. Okay. I love Brown girl grinding on Instagram at lauren la on Twitter. We're breaking news all day long. So even when I leave here, I'm keeping y'all updated with what's going on. How it's going on. Being Nosy, being everybody busy. First Of all, I'm not being nosy. I am educating the people on the things that they should be concerned with. That Is true too. Causing conversations You know. So brown girl grinding.com. Yeah. Brown girl grinding.com.


But our website right now is actively down. We will be back up by the end of the week. We are updating our site right now. Okay. And we do have our merch, but again, you gotta sign up for the emails 'cause we're dropping all new stuff. We giving baby a little facelift. Okay. Okay. Because she are doing big things now. Okay. Okay. And I wanna tell everybody too, man, You know. Last week Tropical Storm, Debbie hit the low country of South Carolina. So I had to push my annual back to school giveaway and fish fry to this week. So August 17th from 10:00 AM to 1:00 PM at the Berkeley High School student parking lot in Monks Corner, South Carolina. 4 0 6 West Main Street is my knife. Annual back to school drive in fish fry from 10:00 AM to 1:00 PM So we got the free backpacks, the free haircuts, free school supplies.


We gonna have jump castles out there, food trucks, all kind of stuff. And You know the fish is free. So the fish and the fish and the shrimps, all of that's free shrimp. So shrimp 10:00 AM to 1:00 PM Shrimp. You said what? Fried Shrimp too. Fried shrimp too Fried fish and shrimp. My daddy fries it. Fried fish and shrimp for everybody. So yes, this Saturday 10:00 AM to 1:00 PM My ninth annual back to school drive and fish fry. Okay, see y'all this Saturday in Monks Corner, South Carolina. When we come back we got the positive note. It's the world's most dangerous morning show to Breakfast Club. Yep. It's the world's most dangerous morning show to Breakfast Club Charlamagne. The God Lauren LaRosa is here. Guest hosting because Jess hilarious is on maternity leave. Hasn't had the baby yet, but she's on maternity leave.


Envy is on his way back from Shreveport. He was at at 50 cents Humor and Harmony event all weekend. And Lauren is just in here hungry as hell. Always like she just was in here for no reason. Talking about fried catfish, white bread, hot sauce, Fried shrimp and french fries. It's, it's nine something in the morning I be eating. I honestly too like And I. I don't know. I feel like I haven't found my like vibe in New York. Like Sound like somebody else might be going on maternity leave soon. That's what I hear. Don't play With me. I took a shot this morning. I'll take another one. 'cause you jinxed me. Not right now because you, You can take all, Not right now, You can take all the shots you want. Nope. Geez. That don't mean that ain't nothing going on in there. Oh that's God. You just made me nervous All now you fool around little baby have fetal alcohol syndrome.


Then what? You better go get tested first. Okay. I Eat like that. I always eat like that. Damn. No, you craving that kind of food this time of morning. You ain't say nothing about no grits, so you ain't even think about breakfast. You mentioned fried fish When You was promoting your, come on. We ain't gonna do this. Knock on wood. Is it wood in here? Knock on your head. I almost dig it too. It's The wood that got you in trouble now. Okay. You right. You see what I'm saying? Somebody go get Laura the test right now. No. Can you stop saying that? Listen, the positive note is simply this. He that cannot forgive others breaks the bridge over, which he must pass himself for.


Every man has the need to be forgiven at some point in life. Okay, you have a blessed day Breakfast Club Bitches. Do y'all finish or y'all done?


Nothing Will fit into your day better than a Fit Crunch Bar. Fit Crunch Baked bars are chef inspired from Robert Irvine and made with six layers of deliciousness with 16 grams of protein and three grams of sugar. Fit Crunch is the perfect snack, whether it's at school, midday at work, or when you're on the go. Visit fit crunch.com and use promo code radio 15 for 15% off your fitcrunch.com order or find a retailer near you, check out fitcrunch.com today. That's fitcrunch.com promo code radio 15.


What's good? It's Coleen Witt. And Eating While Broke is back for season three. Brought to you by the Black Effect Podcast Network and iHeartRadio. We're serving up some real stories and life lessons from people like Van Latton, DC Young Fly Phone, thugs and Harmony and many more. They're sharing the dishes that got them through their struggles and the wisdom they gained along the way. We're cooking up something special. So tune in every Thursday, listen to Eating while Broke on the Black Effect podcast network, iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts Presented by State Farm Like, a good neighbor, State Farm is there.


For 10 years, I've been obsessed with one of the most bizarre and audacious cons in rock and roll history. This time We were all facing 20 years and all that good stuff. The lead singer tried to pull off an English accent and they went on the road as the zombies. These guys are not gonna get away with it. The zombies are too popular. Listen to the true story of the fake zombies on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts. There's something different about the conversations we have late at night. They often spin off in strange and wonderful directions. So what if those laid back conversations were with some of the biggest musicians in The World Midnight Chances has already welcomed Tame Imp Parlor, Charlie XCX, mark Ronson, VIN Staples, and many more. Join me Stuart Stubbs and me Greg Cochrane as we talk to our favorite musicians about the things they don't normally talk about. Listen to the new series of Midnight Chats on the iHeartRadio app. apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your favorite shows From iHeart podcasts comes. Does this murder make me look gay? 9 1 1. What's your emergency? Avand is Dead. Featuring the star studded talents of Michael Urie, Jonathan Freeman, Frankie Grande, Cheyenne Jackson, Robin De Jesus, and Kate McKinnon as Angela LANs Ferry. Lick Em. Lick those toes. Listen to, does this murder make me look gay? As part of the Outspoken Network on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts.