
Meetings, deadlines, emails, millions of notifications. Don't you wish you could escape the chaos? Fortunately, that's where the all new Nissan Murano comes in. And with available features like the relaxing, massaging seats, and the beautiful skyline views that bring in natural light, it's like cruising in your own personal oasis. And if you need to set a vibe, 64 colors of personalized lighting and a Bose premium sound system, have you covered? Hands down. The all new Nissan Murano is your stress-free getaway, because sometimes the greatest rush isn't rushing at all. Drive the all new Nissan Murano today. Panoramic moon roof, ambient lighting, Bose, and massaging leather pointed seats or optional features.


I Wanna take a moment to give a shout out to our sponsor. Stand Up to All Hate. This one is important to me because, you know, we joke, we debate, we go at each other, but hate. That's not it. If you see it, stand up to it because there's no reason to hate use. Your voice is one of the most powerful tools in this fight. So join us at The Breakfast Club and stand up to it. If you see hate, speak up and call it out. You can learn more by following at what's up with hate on Instagram. And TikTok


at


t has a new guarantee because most things in life are not guaranteed. In a world where nothing is guaranteed, at and t is bringing something new to the table At t is introducing a guarantee. With connectivity, you depend on deals you want in service, you deserve, or they make it right. Learn more at att.com/guarantee. At&t connecting changes everything, terms and conditions apply. Visit att.com/guarantee for details.


The best moments happen when you're with your people laughing, vibing, just enjoying life. Coke is making those moments even sweeter. Share a Coke is back and it's all about sharing with the whole crew. It doesn't matter if it's your bestie or bro, there's a can with their name on it. So grab one for the squad and make some memories. But hurry, because these Coca-Cola Limited edition bottles and cans won't be here forever. Don't miss your chance to share a Coke with all your favorite people.


Good morning. USA. Yo. Yo, yo yo, yo, yo, yo, yo, yo, yo, yo, yo, yo, yo, yo, yo, yo, yo, yo, yo, yo, yo, yo, yo, yo, yo, yo yo. Just hilarious. Good morning, Charlemagne. The Guy. Peace to the Planet is Friday. Good morning. How y'all feel out there? I feel blessed Black and highly favored. Happy to be here another day to serve our beautiful listeners. What's happening? What's up, Jess? How you feeling, Jess? I feel good. I'm so happy that it's Friday. I can go see Sinners today. Y I'ma see sinners this weekend. Yes. Yes. About time. I know. I'm excited. So I'm gonna have a whole mouthful to talk about on Monday. 'cause I keep hearing this good. My mother called me yesterday. I'm like, ma, why? Why you go see Sinners? But before me, she was like, and she started telling me, I'm like, don't, don't, don't.


Because she was like, you know, I don't be in the vampire. I'm like, ma, I don't, don't Say nothing. Miss Robin probably went there to pray. 'cause she heard the movie called Sentence. So she was like, you know what, I know what y'all need. That's why I Said, your deacon ass went up there. You wanna go see a movie called Sinners? She said she did, man. She said it was good. So I, I gotta go see it. I'm gonna go see it tonight, man. Yeah. I'm gonna, man, I'm gonna go see it with you too. Make sure you go see it in IMAX, though. I know you showed me. Yeah, it was shot with IMAX camera. So the, the Ryan Kler wants you to see it in imax. It's a, I never saw an IMAX movie, so I don't know what the difference is, but it it, it is an amazing experience to watch it in imax. Wow. Yeah. I'm gonna see Sentence And I gotta go see the Minecraft movie. Oh, Oh my. Oh, that's fantastic. I gotta see that too. That's What's up. Yeah, I saw that a few weeks ago with the kids. That was great too.


There was like a TikTok, something trending on TikTok where the kids would just f up the theater. Yeah, they would, they would throw popcorn and that was like a big thing. Oh yeah. So they were trying to ban some of the theaters from having it, but I'm gonna go see the Minecraft and send us this week. Yeah, Minecraft was great. Also, man, tomorrow is the third annual Black Effect podcast festival in Atlanta, Georgia. So if you haven't got your tickets yet, you know, you know, you know you need to go get your tickets. The, the meet and greets and VIPs, all that stuff is sold out, but it's still a few general admission tickets left. So go to black effect.com/podcast Festival and we'll see you tomorrow. In Atlanta. Yes. Oh yo. And it's also a movie that y'all gotta watch. Is it just dropped on Tuby? It's called Hurt People. Hurt People. You gotta watch that. You you want it? It's so good. No, no, no.


I'm not actually Alvin Gray. My friends are. No, no, no, it's not. This one is not Everything is not by Alvin Gray on Tuby. But yeah. Go. Y'all need to watch The Hurt People Hurt People. It's really good. Alright, Who's in it? A couple people from Detroit. A couple, Couple people from Detroit. What I've dealt with Detroit. Crystal, The Doll. That's my girl. So Crystal, the Doll, she's the main star of it. And a couple other people, you know, I'm gonna get their names and let y'all know. But it's a really good movie and, and it should, it it should be up for like a Emmy or something. Crystal. The Doll. How come we don't give, why we don't talk about the women all being, being named Dolls. Like how we talk about all the guys being named Baby. We Did. But she's not an artist though. She's An actress. She's not artist. We did remember Cash Doll The End. You wasn't here when Cast Doll was up here talking about everybody's name, a doll and all that stuff.


Yeah, we did all Well also, I ain't gonna front. I'm tired. There was a lot of sports going on. Yeah, we'll get on the front page news. Yeah, we'll talk about the NFL draft. We'll talk about the playoffs. And now we gotta give you some updates in the New Jersey. Wildfire. Trump signed some more executive orders. There's a lot going on. We'll get to that next. And Coco Jones will be joining us. Hey, her new album, why Not More is Out Today. Yes it is. And Also Ke Glock will be joining us. His album comes out next week. It's called Glockaveli. So we've been talking about those artists this morning. So let's get the show cracking. It's The Breakfast Club. Good morning. Front page News is next morning everybody. It's DJ Envy. Jess. Hilarious. Charlemagne the guy. We are The Breakfast Club. Let's get in some front page news.


Start off with sports. All right. NBA playoffs. The Knick beat. The Pistons last night. One 18 to one 16. They lead the series two one Clippers destroyed the Nuggets. One 17 to 83. They lead that series two to one. And OKC beat the Grizzlies. 1 14 1 0 8. They lead the series three. Nothing. Now, last night, the NFL draft number one, the pick from University of Miami, cam Ward went to the Tennessee Titans, Travis Hunter, he went to the Jacksonville Jaguars. That was a trade from Cleveland. Browns dropping, Dropping a clues box from Travis Hunter. He'll be down there in Val. That's right. Yeah. Lil Duval was happy about that one. Man, I wonder, Travis Hunter gonna come to Duvall all day. Well, maybe his mom shouted out.


Little Duvall. I don't know if you've seen it. I kept, I didn't see that. I kept, I kept, I saw that, but I Emini here. I saw people saying that, but I didn't, I Didn't see it. No. I actually seen it. She was like, yes, we, we coming to Duvall, my roots, our roots from Florida. And she was like, yeah. And tell Little Duval we'll be on the, on the boat with him. Emini here, the plane. That little will be on that little plane with him. Let's Go Travis. Do not get on that little ass plane with Duval. Okay. The Jacksonville Jaguars have big, big, big jets. You don't need to get on that. Okay. That was a dope shout at. And then the New York Giants picked Abdul Carter. He was from Penn State. Big Brother. He said he actually wants to wear Lawrence Taylor's 56 number. So we'll See if they're alive. Why is Lawrence Taylor's Jersey retired? It is retired, but you can ask a family or ask the player if he's still alive.


Can they still wear the jersey? No. Neighbors did that. Neighbors did that last year wearing the number one for the New York Giants. So you can't ask. Okay. You can't ask. Now Shado Sanders was not selected in the first round of the NFL draft. They thought he would be probably the first or second quarterback picking. They knew he wasn't gonna be the first 'cause they knew Cam Ward was going number one, but they thought he was probably gonna be the second quarterback. But the Giants actually took Jackson Dart. He's from old Mississippi. I'm not sure why. I think Shado has a, a stronger arm than that. That young man. I think Shado is quicker than that young man. But people have been saying that Shado not showing up for the combine. They've been saying his attitude was a problem. I don't know why, but I think Shado should have went the second quarterback taking, in my opinion, The attitude thing is just saying to me, they're just scared of that man's confidence.


They're scared of that man's high self-esteem. Okay, but that was instilled in him from his mother and father from day one, right? So yes, he's gonna walk into the room with his head held high and he knows who he is. If that scares you, then you probably not the right fit For him. That's right. So we'll see where he goes in the second round. What's up Mimi? What's up y'all? Let's get into this front page news. So new details this morning in that massive New Jersey wildfire that's burned more than 15, 15,000 acres. Now police say they have arrested a suspect. Joseph k Cling. A 19-year-old from Waretown is now facing aggravated arson charges. Investigators say the wildfire, which began Tuesday morning in Ocean County, was sparked by a bonfire that clinging allegedly set using wooden pallets.


He's also accused of leaving the area before the fire was fully out. Now, authorities say they use GPS tracking technology to trace the fire's origin, which led them to cling and his arrest. Now he remains in custody at the Ocean County Jail and could face up to 10 years in prison if convicted crews are working to protect nearby homes and structures. But it continues to threaten at least four structures, and it's still only about 50% contained. The fire is expected to keep burning for several more days, although there is rain in the forecast, and it could help slow it down. Meanwhile, the smoke from the fire has triggered air quality alerts in New York City, long Island and the lower Hudson Valley.


Yeah, it's, it's, it is very sad. I asked yesterday, I asked Bria yesterday because I wasn't, it's, it's been a wet last couple of months. It hasn't been dry. So it was like, I was like, well, where, how would this fire start? But now it makes sense. So I hope that they get those fires contained this weekend. Now what else we got? Absolutely. A federal judge appointed by President Trump has ordered the administration to bring back a Venezuelan man who was deported after being granted asylum making him the second migrant. A court order has re has ordered, returned in recent weeks. The man identified only as Christian and court documents was deported to El Salvador in March. As part of that mass removal of over 250 individuals, a Trump administration claimed were gang members.


He was sent to the country's sea, got mega prison. His attorneys argue that his deportation was violated. It was a violation of a court settlement that protected him from removal. He came to the United States in 2022 as an unaccompanied minor. Now, this ruling by a federal judge could set up another legal battle between Trump and the courts over immigration enforcement. Christian's case. The judge ordered the Trump administration to make a good faith request to El Salvador for his release and not to deport any more migrants covered under the same settlement. The administration argues that Christian's deportation was legal under the Alien's Enemy Act, a wartime law from 1798. They say Christian was labeled a an alien enemy, therefore making him ineligible for asylum.


Damn, that alien enemies act is getting people up outta here. Boy, It really is just snatching people up. And, and so would you have a baby for $5,000? That's the idea. The Trump administration is floating as the US birth rate keeps falling. President Trump says he's open to the idea of giving moms a $5,000 baby bonus for every child they have. This would happen after the baby's born as part of a larger push from his team and outside groups who encourage more Americans to get married and have children. Trump himself is leaning into the message calling for more babies and referring to himself as a fertilization President Bonnet. Everyone is sold on the view.


Whoopi Goldberg had some strong words about the proposal. Let's hear what she had to say. But let me talk about some of the things that the administration has slashed, which is why I'm so not only insulted by that amount of money because $5,000, yes, it sounds like a lot of money, but if you can't pay your rent, if you can't pay for your afterschool programs for your kids, everything this administration seems to be doing is telling people not to have children. Why not make sure that kids that we already have have a shot at good schooling? If you want people to have children, you have to not scare them by cutting all these programs that they, She's absolutely right.


Yeah. Can I put my tin tin foil? She's absolutely. I wanna put my tin foil pooty mask on for a second. You know, there was always these conversations about by 2040 white people wouldn't be the majority anymore. And like they've been really afraid of the browning of America. So when you talk about, you know, Roe v Wade being overturned and all of these things like that, like there was always these conspiracies about they're doing that because they want to increase the amount of white people in this country. I think this is all part of that. Mm. They giving you, you're incentivizing people to have babies, but who exactly are you incentivizing? Yeah. To have more babies. You Know, And I don't wanna say 5,000 is, is is not a lot of money, but 5,000 is not a lot of money when a lot of money.


No, not when you, when it's having a baby. 'cause if you think about it, daycare is two, $300 a week. Right? Yeah. You still gotta talk about food, you still gotta talk about education later on. You still gotta talk about clothes. You still gotta talk about maintaining and having that kid before education. Later on. You got formula, you got all this stuff. Pampers, you need to buy wipes. So that $5,000 will go so fast. So when it comes to raising a baby, you need more than $5,000. No. Yeah. And that 5,000 is taxed at that. So it's not even 5,000 and it's taxed. You're absolutely right. But don't you think for one second, these people wouldn't take somebody baby gravy for $5,000. Oh, you Damn right. He always about to go crazy. He always go crazy for free. What are we talking about? There's people out there with no money right now. They like, that's a come up.


They're like, where I gotta go have this baby? Hmm. And if That's because Hey, because nobody said you gotta keep it. Yo, shut up. Yo, shut up. They just want you to have it. I'm serious. Nobody said you gotta Keep it. Oh my. That's a good point. That's have a baby give it up. Oh, give. Oh, That's what I'm saying. Oh, they about to go crazy crazy this summer. Have 20 kids to just give them up 5,000. You right. You talking about raising it. They say no, we've giving you 5,000 to have it. You right. Well we gonna have to open up some orphanages together, y'all, because Yeah. Y'all see, y'all don't what y'all think that impossible meat is Impossible Meat. Not real meat. What you talking about? Oh, plants. Plant meat. All right.


What the hell you talking about? Hey, y'all know your chill. Well Trump owes me 30,000 there. I Emini here. My 30,000. I got six kids. I started early. Get it off your chest. Thank you Mimi. We'll see you next hour. Yep. Get it off your chest. 805 8 5 1 0 5 1. If you need to vent, hit us up right now. It's The Breakfast Club. Good morning. The Breakfast Club. This Is your time to get it off your chest. Whether you're mad or blessed, 805 8 5 1 0 5 1. We want to hear from you on The Breakfast Club. Hello. Who's this? Yo Sha man. Good morning. Good brother. Alala, peace Primo. Primo Charlamagne man. Peace. Good sister from Bour.


Good morning. And the good sister Lauren. I don't know if she's there. Yes, She here. Yep. She in the back. This Dj, bi, south Central PA Man. By way of Brooklyn. Y'all already know man is a familiar voice. Get with me. Let's go. What's happening? King Is real this Friday. It could happen. It's happening. I just want to thank y'all man. 'cause I called her before And I had got my likes up on TikTok but actually opened up, opened up some doors for me. Not only to go live, but tonight's my first night DJing. Hold on, I'm sorry. I got the crazy echo going on. Today's your first night DJing your first club ever? Nah, my first night going, my first night DJing in one of the biggest clubs in the city. The village nightclub in Lancaster, PA is one of the, it's a historic place.


It actually shut down and they opened it back up in tonight's college night. Graduation night for f and m College and all that. So it's good. It it is a, it is a huge thing for me, you know what I'm saying? Graduation. Thank you. I appreciate it man. I really appreciate it. I just wanted to give y'all thanks man. And, and just, I called up not too long ago on just clean my mess And I, you probably remember me, I was the one that said, you know my baby, my on my ex-wife slash baby mama was doing some side business and she was keeping my kids from me. Yes. And I didn't know if I wanted to turn it in and all that. Right. Yes. I was. I just want you to be proud of me man. Let you know I didn't, you know what, Emini here, I didn't get, I didn't get dirty on her. I didn't get slimy. You, you know I'm Oh, That's what's up Man. You, you ain't call the guys on him. Nah, I ain't do that man. We was from Brooklyn, you know what I'm saying? That's, you know what Emini here, we don't do that. You know what I'm saying?


You about it this time made us look bad already. Right? That's Right. That's right. Did everything get better though? No, she still won't let me see my kids. But Emini, here it is one day at a time with me. I'm not gonna be, you know what I'm saying, have resentment about it as much as let it disturb my day. You know what I'm saying? But it definitely plays a big major part in, you know, just my anxiety and, and stuff like that down in the dumps. But it's Friday man. So let's, let's, let's let, let's feel good. You know what I'm saying? Can I give a quick shout out? Please Go ahead bro. Alright, look man, I want give a quick shout out to all my, my, my brother DJs in the, in the area. DJ Chat, midnight, Reese, dj, Nick Wan, DJ Mainline, DJ Flocko, DJ Caribbean, Harrisburg, DJ Logic DJ forensic.


And then I want to give a shout out to my baby girl, my wife man. Shout man. She's going to school for BSN. She's gonna be a nurse soon. We gotta go to Chicago. We gotta go to, and then she's gonna be going to Hopkins. I think it's Hopkins Hospital in Bemo. She's gonna have to be out there to do her schooling or whatever. Okay. For her nursing Residency. Okay. I feel like, I feel like all, I feel like all your DJ friends wanted to pursue other careers. Like D, DJ arithmetic, DJ biology. Who else did you like? Like they all had other aspirations clearly. Well good luck tonight Brother. And then real quick, real quick. My kids man, I wanna shout out Jia, osha, Brooklyn no more. Zola Sapphire and Omar. Pat Po man. Seven kids man. Damn.


Omar. Papo is two niggas or just one? Omar Pat is, that's his middle name. You know what I'm saying? Oh okay. I got two. I got two sons And I already knew that one of my kids, well my boys was gonna be born that their names had to start with O 'cause O is Cipher O's Infinity in the Supreme mathematics, you know what I'm saying? Oh. And he going rap. No, no, no, no, no, no, no. He just gonna be a faithful man. Man. He's gonna be a faithful man like Pa. That's right because Paus in my top five, he's, he's, he's in my top five best rappers of all time, including E 40 and a couple other people. Man. It's dj, bipolar man. I go east coast, west coast. I go all, you know what Emini here I do it, play it all man. All bro. From Madonna One the ice spicy bipolar. I'm be honest with you, we've talked to you two for too long too, too Lord man, have a it off your chest.


Appreciate you though. We appreciate you so much. We appreciate you appreciating us. Hello. Who's this? Yes sir. It's J from Indy. Ja from nd. What's up brother? I got my son with me today man. I know. I've called in about him before man. And I'm just trying to let him know he can't beat me and everything so I'm just calling in 'cause he's in the car to let him know I'm gonna wear his ass out in his race this summer. A foot race. Damn. A foot race. Ja. How old are you j? I'll be 44 and he got something to say. I'm 20. But keep in mind I saw me race, he really hurt him. He been in surgery. I got my knee fixed. I got my knee fixed. Ja, you better chill out. Ja. My knee right now is swollen. Trying to play kickball on Easter.


Leave 'em young boys alone. Ja. All right, well I'm gonna let y'all know how it goes man. Because it's Coming. You know how it's gonna go. You gonna have to fix the oven. Yeah, call us from the ER on Monday. Alright chop. Yeah, be good. Have a good weekend. Get it off your chest. 805 8 5 1 0 5 1. If you need to vent, hit us up now. It's The Breakfast Club. Good morning. The Breakfast Club. It's a new day. This Is your time to get it off your chest wake. Wake Up. Whether you're mad or Blessed, it's time to get up and get something. Call up Now. Eight five eight five one oh five one. We wanna hear from you on The Breakfast Club. Hello. Who's this? Hello? Hey, good morning.


Who's this? Hi, This is Bobby. Hey Bobby. Get it off your chest. Hi dj. Andy it's really great to talk to you. Hi Charlemagne. Is Jess there? Yes, Yes. Bobby, good Morning. Hi Jess. It's great to talk to all of you. I've been trying to call in a couple days to talk about the student loan situation. Yes ma'am. I've been in default with my student loans before. I'm about to be in default again. I, I'm in default just waiting for, you know, the things to start back up again. It's really messed up how the default process works.


You do the program to get out of default and then it starts back up again with these huge payments that you can't make and you go back into default again. But what I really wanted to say was DJ Envy, you pointed out that if you're married and you file your income tax return, your spouses were anything they're getting back gets taken to. But actually when I got married there is a form that you can fill out called an injured spouse form. Hmm. And that stops them. It like separates the income.


It allows you to like still file married, filing jointly and, but then it separates the income and figures out like what they would be getting back as their part of the income so that they still get back their refund and Okay. Just your part of the refund is taken for your student loan. So I just wanted to call in and like, say that Emini here, this was like 10 years ago, back in 2014 that I filled out that form. So unless things have changed since then, but back then there was an injured spouse form that you could fill out And I just wanted to make sure that people need to look into that.


Thank you. I didn't, you know what? I didn't even have the option to fill out that form. I just was doing my taxes And I thought my money was coming and all of a sudden it just didn't. But I wish I'd known about that form. But I've been outta college a little bit, just a little bit longer than I'm probably you, but Okay. Thank you for that information Mama. Well Probably yes, actually I've been outta college since 2000. Okay. Say Interview was interview was 40 years old in 2000. No I was not. But, but, but thank you for that information Honey. I also wanted to say I'm from Pittsburgh and I'm really excited to see you Jess. Hilarious. Coming there in June. Oh my god, girl. Hey, I trying to get a group of friends to get a VIP booth so I can come see you.


That is what's up Pay right now. But I'm trying to get it. I wanna come see you so bad. Aw, I you will totally be able to. What, what show is it again? You said In Pittsburgh? Oh, Pittsburgh At the improv. Okay. Alright. Look, I give, I give you some tickets. I give you like three tickets if you gimme a name and be put on hold so They can Yeah, we put you on hold. All right. Gimme a name. I got you. Hold. You don't, okay, You better hurry up 'cause I'm looking at it right now. It says limited seats available. You'll be there June 13th, June 14th, and June 15th at the Pittsburgh Improv. Yes. Yes. But Jess says she got her. So even if it's limited seats, even if the girl gotta sit on the stage, Jess says she got her. Nah, you The World on your seat.


All Right. Maybe not the stage and video. Alright. Maybe not the stage. Alright. Maybe not the stage. All right. Hello, who's this? This is Chandler from Columbus. How y'all doing this morning? Good morning. Good morning. What's up? Chilling. What Up? Well, one for starters is my birthday. You know, turn up time happy Turn up time. Happy happy Birthday by Morning Day. Appreciate it. Appreciate it. Second off, y'all better put respect on that Ole miss quarterback Jackson Dart. That boy is good. And he did good against Georgia and Bama, but it's a blessing in disguise 'cause he gotta sit behind Jameson, Winston and Russell Wilson. So Sador might get picked up by Cleveland and he should be able to start again. Start in Cleveland. So it's a blessing in disguise too. Yeah.


Yeah. I, I see Josh Emini here. He's, he's been a, a, a great quarterback for Ole Miss. I know he beat Eli's record with passing. I just like Shado. I like the, the fact that he, he's a Russian quarterback, but like you said, he wouldn't have started. He would've, he would've been behind Russ. He would've been behind Jameson. But if he, if the Browns do pick him, he'll be a starter. So we'll see what happens. Yes sir. Yes sir. I appreciate y'all. Y'all have a good weekend. You too now. You too. All right. Get it off your chest. 805 8 5 1 0 5 1. We got the latest with Lauren coming up. You gonna break down all the Shado Sanders stuff? And we Do when we are, 'cause I don't know who the NFL Sean Hum Moore. Him Shado Sanders or Dion Sanders. But they, they playing with him a little bit. Mm. A lot of it. But, you know, you know what's crazy though? If, if, if you look at a lot of people's draft boards, they did have Shado going in the, the second round.


Like Mel Kuer was one of the main people that was pushing Shado as one of the top picks. But a lot of other scouts had him as a, a second round pick. Yeah. But you know, earlier in the season they had him going like top five. Yeah. But that was only like a, a couple people doing that. Like a lot of people at the end of the season because I think they said he'd been sacked 94 times the last couple of seasons. So they, they had a lot of questions about him. So you know, him dropping to the second round is surprising but it's not that that surprising. Who did your cowboys pick by the way? I forgot the brother name. I was watching it last night too. He was very happy And I felt so sad for Him. Damn. We Booker Booker was Todd Booker. Yes. I felt so sad for him. I'm like, this brother is so happy for no reason. Aw.


Well I'm gonna let y'all get all in all into it. Alright. Press latest. We'll get into that. Next. It's The Breakfast Club. Good morning. The Breakfast Club. Morning everybody. It's DJ Envy. Jess, Hilarious. Charlamagne the guy. We are The Breakfast Club. Let's get to the latest with Lauren. Lauren becoming a straight, she gets them from somebody that knows Somebody. Well she gets into Details. I'm the home girl that knows a little bit about everything and She be having the latest on this. The latest with Lauren la. Sometimes she have facts, sometimes she have details, sometimes she have a little bit of everything. Well it's the latest On The Breakfast Club. Talk. Talk to me. So last night the NFL draft went down in Shado Sanders, big 12 offensive player of the year.


The son of Hall of Fame quarterback, I'm sorry, cornerback and Colorado Coach Dion Sanders did not get picked.


The first two months of 2025 have been quite a year. Work deadlines, group chats, you can't escape. And your weird cousin's latest overshare. It's a lot. But here's the good news. You don't have to bring that stress into your car. The all new Nissan Murano is your piece on wheels. Thanks to its available features. Imagine sliding into the relaxing, massaging seats that feel like they were made to melt your tensions. Taking the skyline views that let sunlight pour in and watch as your day brightens. I have a special playlist that always gets me right. And with the Bolds premium sound system, you too can vibe like you're at your own private concert. Plus with the 64 color personalized lighting option, you can set the mood any way you want. Be it romantic chill or in straight up do not disturb mode. Let the Nissan Murano be your oasis in the chaotic world because sometimes the greatest rush isn't rushing at all. Drive the all new Nissan Murano today. Panoramic moonroof, ambient lighting, bows and massaging. Leather appointed Seats are optional features.


Some of the best memories aren't just about where you are, it's about who you're with. Your crew, your day ones. The folks who always got your back. The ones who turn the most random moments into inside jokes you'll be laughing about for years. And now Sherry Coke is making those moments even sweeter this time. It's not just about sharing a Coke with one person. Nah, it's about sharing with the whole squad. Because what's better than drinking an ice cold Coke sharing one with the people you love most. Whether you're kicking it at the cookout, vibing at the game, pre-gaming before a night out, or just hanging out and catching up. There's a Coke with your name or better yet your nickname on it from friend bro bestie or girl to classic names like Sarah Riley and David. These cans and bottles are all about your people. But it's bigger than just having a name on a can. It's about uplifting your friends and celebrating real connections. It's about appreciating the moments that matter, the road trips, the late night talks, the big wins, even the Ls we take together. It's about the little things, the inside jokes, the group chats, the remember that time when moments that turn into the best stories because Coke is here for all of it. To make sure you enjoy those moments with the people who matter most. Because sharing a Coke isn't just about what's in the bottle. Nah, it's about the last, the love and the connections that keep us together. So go on, grab a coke for everybody, raise it up and turn a regular day into a memory. But don't wait too long because these limited edition cans, bottles won't be around forever. So next time you're with your people, don't miss your chance to share a Coke because the best moments are meant to be shared.


At t has a new guarantee because most things in life are not guaranteed. Like actually getting the rental call you requested or your wedding turning out just like you dreamed it would. And someone making another pot of coffee in the break room after drinking the last drop of the last one. Yeah, don't get me started. Not guaranteed. In The World where nothing is guaranteed at and t is bringing something new to the table at t is introducing a guarantee. With connectivity, you depend on deals you want and service you deserve or they make it right. So if you wanna know more about the at and t guarantee, head to att.com/guarantee. At&t connecting changes everything, terms and conditions apply. Visit att.com/guarantee for details


Before we get back to it. I wanna take a second for our sponsor. Stand up to all the hate. Now. You know, we joke, we debate, we even push buttons sometimes, but spreading the hate, that's never the right move. There's a difference between keeping it real and just being reckless. Let's do better respect each other and leave the hate out of it. There's no reason to hate, even in my household, I have six kids And I don't let my children use the word hate. There's no reason to hate on anybody. It's always better to uplift, empower, and make sure that we support. So join us at The Breakfast Club and standing up to all hate. If you see someone getting hate, speak up and call it out. Your voice is one of the most powerful tools there is in this fight. And you can learn more by following at what's up with hate or show your support by posting the blue square emoji and using the hashtag Staying Up To All Hate on Instagram and TikTok


In the first round. Now there were a lot of other congratulations that went down that we will get to, but the biggest conversation right now is the fact that Shado was not picked for any team. A lot of people expected him to be picked. I don't even follow football that closely and I've heard so many conversations about whether he would or would not have got picked up yesterday. So it was, it was an upset and people are arguing back and forth that it is because of his confidence. It is because of his race mixed with his confidence and the fact that he's Deion Sanders son. And there's a point that people are feel like PE that it's trying to be proven here. You know, I, I saw people saying that on social media and it might be some truth to that, but you know, if you've been paying attention in recent weeks people were saying his stock was dropping.


But a lot of people were saying his stock, you know, should have never been that high. Like a lot of the mock draft boards I saw, except for probably Mel Kuper had him going in the second round. And I, And I think Shado is a good quarterback. I enjoy watching him, but I'm not an NFL Scout. Right. And I think a lot of us who aren't NFL Scouts, we love the story of Shado being Dion's son going to an HBCU, then going to Colorado and having success. So it's kind of like the Oscars we root for a movie that we like and we saw, but we didn't see the rest of the movies to see if they were better. Right? So we, so we just shocked what we know didn't win. Well, not Only that, like you said, he, he didn't go to the combine where people would actually see his time. See he tried out for particular teams, but also what a lot of people don't understand when it comes to football, when they draft, they draft for positions they need.


Right. They automatically think it's like basketball where they just take the best player. But if you are a team, you might not need a quarterback, you might need an offensive lineman, you might need a wide receiver, you might need a corner. So they usually pick for the, for what they need. He was supposed to be the, the second or third quarterback picked and the first one went to of course the Tennessee Titans, which was Cam Ward. The next one went to the Giants, which was Jackson Har. And he would be the third one they're saying in the second round. But you know, every, they, they were having that conversation a long time ago. I'm telling you in, in recent weeks, if you were listening to like a lot of the things that were coming out from NFL Scouts, they were questioning whether he had the physical capability, whether he was athletic enough, they was questioning his arm. They were, yeah. They Questioned his arm, his athleticism Could, could he beat tight coverages in the NFL?


Was he an athletic enough to escape pro pass rushers? 'cause he got sacked 94 times over the last couple of years. So that they were questions. Yeah, no, absolutely. Well Shado actually spoke out yesterday during his, you know how they have like their their set up when they're watching? Yeah. The draft parties to everybody in attendance. Let's take a listen to what he said. We all didn't expect this of course, but I feel like with God, anything possible, everything possible, I don't feel like this happened. You know, for no reason. All this is is of course fuel to the fire. And in no circumstance we all know this shouldn't have happened. But we, we understand we on the bigger and better things, tomorrow's the day we're gonna be happy regardless.


Doesn't there? Yeah. He wasn't at the official NFL draft. Yeah. He he had his own. He was at his cri he his own Own thing. Yeah. And I saw a lot of people in, 'cause Deon Sanders posted this as well. I saw a lot of people like the rock in the comments saying that, you know, he handled it very well. That's the way you respond to something like this. Absolutely. You know, one step, one small step, there'll be many more and and the second round of the draft goes down tonight. Yeah. So you know, people are gonna be looking out. And I know Coach Sanders actually tweeted out, he said before the draft, he said, watch God show out tonight. The same guy that has taken us from faith to faith high school to high school, college to college. Glory will continue to take us where we need to be and where he wants us to go. We've already won.


But that was prior to the, the draft. And then after I saw him getting back at some people that have some comments as well, I think, I think Shado gonna be fine because of his confidence and because of his faith and because he's tough and you know, there's a lot of people who saw him have success at Jackson State who probably thought he couldn't, you know, be good at, at Colorado and he was good at Colorado. I think, I think he's gonna be gonna be fine. Yeah. I think it'll be fine. The Celebrity of him, because I know in boxing in a different sport, but I feel like his celebrity and like his persona doesn't that lean into something too? Like wouldn't it be like a team would want to bring that on first? Yeah, He would definitely put asses in the seats. He'd definitely sell a lot of jerseys. But we'll see what happens in the second round. Second round in football is still great. Like people look, oh no it's, they, they pick 32 kids, 32 people I should say.


It's still great to be in the second Round. And congratulations to Travis Hunter who got drafted to the Jacksonville Jaguars VO first round in Jacksonville. What? Jacksonville Jaguars. Oh, okay. What now you used to tell, you said Jaguars. I know people's how always say Jaguars? Jaguars. You say it. Jaguar. Jaguar Jaguars. Oh My god. Jaguars. Jesus Christ. I don't know how I to say it y'all. I don. Is that GW You Said Jaguar. Jaguar what? Ja Wire. I'm glad he wrapping me up because I don't know how else to say it. I've been saying like this for 33 years. So You saying it like that's quagmires brother. Quamy Jaguar. Jaguar. No Uhuh Like the call. No, what you say? The call I say Jaguar. That's, you Know how to spell it.


Jesus Christ. J-A-G-G-U-A-R. Yes. Y'all. His dad was in attendance. He was able to to watch him. Yeah, That's right. That was dope. That was like a whole thing because his dad had not been able to see a bunch of things because he was locked up. He was incarcerated. Yeah. Yeah. That was a big thing for him in the Jaguars. You gotta, you you gotta stop. That's, I don. I don't know what else y'all want me to do. Pronounce the word correct. That's all we want you to do. Do Jack White. Oh boy. All right. Well that was the latest with Lauren. Now when we come back we got front page news and then Coco Jones will be joining us her new album. Why Not More is out today. Hey, so don't go anywhere as The Breakfast Club. Good morning You are checking out The Breakfast Club.


Morning everybody. It's DJJ and the just hilarious Charlamagne. The guy We are The Breakfast Club. Let's get in some front page news now. NBA playoffs. The Clippers beat the Nuggets last night. 1 17 83. They lead the series two one. The Knicks beat the Pistons. 1 18 1 16 we lead the series two one and the grizzly loss to the thunder. OKC leads that series three nothing. What up Mimi? What Up y'all? All right, so federal prosecutors say they will seek the death penalty against Luigi Manni if he's convicted of killing United Healthcare. CEO. Brian Thompson. A moved ordered by the Trump administration as part of his push to reinstate the capital punishment.


Now the announcement came just hours before Manni was scheduled for an arraignment in federal court. He faces for a four count indictment, including a charge of murder with a firearm which qualifies as a death eligible offense. Mangione is expected to plead not guilty in a formal notice. To the court prosecutor said the decision was based on the impact of Thompson's death on his family, his colleagues, and the broader community. They also alleged that man Gianni carried out the killing as a political statement aiming to incite resistance against the healthcare industry. Now during one of man Gianni's first court appearances, his attorney Karen Friedman, Agni Aglo, I think that's how you say her name.


She feared this exact retaliation from the Trump administration. Here's what she had to say at the time. The second thing I wanna make a record of Your Honor is I'm very concerned about my client's right to a fair trial in this case. He's being prejudiced by some statements that are being made by government officials. Now she's referring to Attorney General Pam Bondy, who at the beginning of this case said that she intended to seek the death penalty. Defense lawyers called the decision barbaric and accuse Trump administration of using this case as a political stunt. In addition to the federal charges, he's also facing state charges in Pennsylvania, including carrying a fake ID and carrying a gun without a license.


And in other front page news, the Trump administration has started selling new Trump 2028 hats. I've seen that. That's wild Inserts on his website. Yeah. Sparking renewed speculation about whether the Trump is actively eyeing a third run for the White House, even though the Constitution prohibits it. The red Trump 2028 hats, they go for $50 while matching t-shirts with the slogan rewrite. The rules are listed at $36. The merch drop has already been raising eyebrows and fueling debate. And a comment to NBC News press Secretary Caroline Levitt, she shrugged off the concerns though calling it a cool hat and predicting that it would be really popular.


Now to be clear, the 22nd amendment of the US Constitution clearly states that no one can be elected more than twice. Trump was elected in 2016 and again in 2014, which would make him ineligible for a 2028 run under the current law. Anybody who supports that, you know, you're not a patriot. Anybody who supports that, that that is like so un-American like you just wiping your ass with, with the Constitution. And the fact that people are having that conversation like it's normal. Like I know smart people who are saying things like, well if he runs in 2028 then Barack Obama can run in 2028 your idiots. Because if Donald Trump runs in 2028, the fight is absolutely fixed. Whatever election will that will happen will be all for show just like they do in Russia.


Absolutely. Absolutely. So, okay, quick switching gears a little bit. Just quick question. When do you start to panic about your phone battery? Like what percentage makes you start looking for a charger? Honestly, none. 'cause I hate being on the phone Really? But in the house, I ain't gonna lie. If I'm in the house, yeah. I don't be having my phone on me like that. And I know that's probably hard to believe, but if I'm outside like 30, I don't really like to let it get, get too low. Yeah. When I'm out To me is that 10% when it hits that 10%? Oh man. Why are you letting your phone with six children out here? I know you letting your phone get down to 10%. I Know. Hmm. What about you Charlemagne? What's your, what's your number When it get in the red, when, when I get that notification that says, what is it, low power mode, That's 20%.


90. That's 20 90%. Yep. Yeah. So it'll be red but then you hit it, then it get yellow a little bit. Yeah. That's why I'd be like, oh shucks. Oh shucks. Yeah. Well according to a new survey, 38% of Americans 30 0 38 is the official number for most Americans. And that's when most people start to feel the stress of their phone dying. The younger you are, the more battery stress you have. So Gen Zs, they start to worry at about 44% Millennials at about 43%. Gen X and boomers, they start to panic between 34 and 38%. But the real debate envy is not just when you panic, but it's how you monitor. So do you, are you that little battery icon, do you need to see the percentage next to it or you just look at the, is the icon just good for you?


No, I look at the battery and then I click it to see how, what, what, what my percentage is like. And the reason I really worry is because everything's on phone. Yeah. I start, I don't have a key in my car, it's from my phone. Yep. To get in the crib is the phone, the lights, the phone, the ac, everything is the phone. Yeah. So once that dies it's done. That's why it dies so quick though. 'cause you got all them apps. Yep. Yeah. Yep. You gotta close those apps. So it turns out there's 61% of people who say they gotta have that, that percentage on their screen. The survey was conducted by Talker research and it found that 34% of people say they're comfortable letting their battery drop. 20% say they need to find a charger if it gets below 10%. I think who said that?


Was that you Charlotte, that said if it gets below 10% Yep. You need a charger. Yeah, I'm So you are with most Americans who feel like that's when they, they head for getting a charger. So that's me too. I need a charger when my phone gets under 10%. And That's why probably one of the biggest fights in my house. Like everybody takes a charger, like you put a charger somewhere and then your kid will take a charger and your wife will take a charge and the charge is not there. Or they take the charge out your car. That's probably the biggest fight in my household. Absolutely. Alright y'all, well that's your front page news. I'm Mimi Brown, follow me on social at Mimi Brown tv. And for more news coverage, follow the Black Information Network or download the free iHeartRadio app and visit BN news.com for more.


Thank you Mimi. Thank you. Thank y'all. Now Charlamagne, what you doing for the Don? You doing something different today? Well Listen, you know, today is Friday. And one thing I love that The Breakfast Club does when I'm not here is have people call in and people give folks the credit they deserve for being stupid. People give folks the Donkey of the Day. So if you out there listening to me right now and you want to give somebody the biggest hee-haw, I don't care who it is because Donkey of the Day does not discriminate. Call us right now. +1 800-585-1051. And we gonna let the people give out donkey today. Today. Hey. Okay, so we'll open up the phone lines right now. You can start calling up 805 8 5 1 0 5 1. Whoever you want to give donkey today to Charlamagne is saying you can do whatever you need to.


So call us up right now and when we come back on b singing and actress Coco Jones will be joining us. It's The Breakfast Club. Good morning. The Breakfast Club Morning everybody. It's DJ Envy. Jess. Hilarious. Charlemagne the guy. We are The Breakfast Club. Lauren LaRosa is here and we got a special guest in the building. Yes indeed. Coco Jones. Welcome. Hi y'all. How You feeling? I'm good. Nice to got a new album. This your debut album. My First album. Album. Why not more? I'm gonna tell you right now, Def Jam Don't Care About You. Oh Jesus. Jesus. And I gonna tell you why. Jesus Christ. I'm gonna tell you why they sent your album this morning And I said, no, we should cancel the interview because it's not fair to you as an artist.


And it's not fair to us as, as as hosts. And because you know, you're, you're sitting here now and then you know, people will be in your face talking to you about everything except for your music. And people will wonder why why are they always just focused on the mess? Why are they talking about everything but her music? It's because your label didn't send it until this morning. We're doing a show who got time to listen to the, to the album. I hear you. So yes. That's, that's the reason why that was the hold up. So I don't know what the label told you, but that was the reason I was like, you know what, let's cancel the interview. Dang. So you still wanna do it? Yeah, we Doing it now, but I just like the Lauren did a crash listening to the album. Well baby, that's why I was rushing for these papers. Okay. Because I am a fan And I do feel like you deserve your moment. But it, it went down how he said it went down. Yeah. So we're here.


Yeah. I didn't get a chance to listen to it. And everybody was like, I ain't listen to it. I'm not gonna do her like that. And he didn't say cancel, he said reschedule. Oh yeah, Reschedule. Just say cancel you. He was like, we should reschedule it because that's not fair to either party. It's Not, you don't think I don I don't think it's fair to you at all. Emini Here. I hear what you're saying. I definitely feel like I would want y'all to hear it if y'all would want to ask me questions about it. I also know though, like there's only, I only got the, right now, you know, I'm going on tour right after I drop this album. So I do wanna still talk about it And I can still, I can share what I know. True. And y'all can listen to it when you, when you get to listen to it. Okay. And I want Label, but also I love my label. They, they, they do have my name. Well, lemme say feel Do better by you speak you my team.


They need to do better by you. I'm not gonna Let you Just say that They didn't talking this morning. Okay. This Is a radio station. I gotta say that. You're an artist. I love my label. They be, they be doing right by me, but she only doing what I would do if somebody talk about one of y'all. I'd be like, what? Like, don't do that. Step out for y'all now. Same. Sit same while we're here. Hi. Hey Y'all. How you feeling? I'm Feeling good. Yes, I'm feeling good. I'm happy To be here. Debut album. Yeah. But like, you've been the, I feel like your music has been so big, but this is your technical like first album. Yeah, it is my first album ever. Which is weird though, because I feel like on one side I feel like, like deja vu in a way. But on the other side I'm like, okay, technically I have never put out an album.


So I I I've been, it's like weird to say that. Yeah. Like an album. I've been used to saying ep, which is different. What is the difference? What do you think the difference is between an EP and an actual album? I think honestly the weight that they hold Emini here. An EP is like a feeler. It's a little safer. It is a little like less serious. And then an album is like, you know, it's a chapter. You really respect it as a, as an entire project. And then there's like a way more serious like rollout and there's way more intentions behind it. I feel like with my ep there were no expectations. And now with my album, I have so many expectations, me, myself, and then of course like The World. And that's why the label should send it to people, especially radio stations before they do interviews.


Lauren, you say what you said before Coco walked in. You keep that said better. Keep that fame energy. No, No. I have, first of all, I said it all in love. So it's going be said yes, but I, I want, I'm making sure Jess has the album research that we have because I do wanna talk about it because what I feel like happens with you is you have these big moments like ICU, and when those things drop, it's everything. Coco Jones. And we as fans feel like you are such a prize to RB and what you do, you deserve that consistently. But then when things like today happen, like if I didn't push, we wouldn't be doing this. And you deserve that moment. Yeah. It's unfair to you. And I think that that's sometimes why as a fan, we feel like your music like suffers. Like we have to like search for more than just like the cliquey stuff. You know? Like even in listening to the music, I was happy we got to listen to it even though I only got five songs because I could even feel in your music, this is different because to me it's like you're more into yourself.


There's a lot more like sexual conversation of you're a woman, you're here. And I know that that's what you want people to see you as because you've worked so hard. I don't think sometimes that the way that things appear to us as fans, that that they're set up. You get that and, And I, I don't think it's fair to you. That's what I said before you came in here. I could Definitely understand that perspective. I feel like also though, like there's just so much out every freaking day, you know? So in general it's like who has the real formula to put everyone's eyes on that one thing all the time? If so, then everyone would copy that and then that would be a wash. You know what I'm saying? True. So I'm like, there really is no formula. I, I can understand that, but I'm like, I don't even know what to tell people to do. The people that I'm seeing, they're doing what they supposed to do.


'cause I'm looking at you right there. I'm seeing you doing the things, you know, and I'm doing everything that I'm told to do. So it's like, it's how, there's no real formula for that. You know? It's how you look at it. And I love the way that you look at it because like it's a lot that you have to offer. You are an actress, you're an artist. And speaking of how we look at things, taste the visual, what made you step out and be like that? I've never seen you. Yeah, like that. Now you're always sexy. Always. You know what, Emini here. Yeah. But you've never ever popped out like that. The visual for taste. Yeah. What made you say I'm a I'm gonna just give him a lot more sexy than I've ever before. She was giving before. Yeah. Yeah. She was very much giving baby. I'm trying to tell you the time it's now I that knew what I'm saying. Never even knew that she could dance like that. Thank you.


Honestly Pink Pink. What was it? Clock it. Clock in the wrong. So I'm crying. What ignited that Coco Jones fire? What was that? Well first of all, Emini here, the song itself is sexy. But I think for me, I want people to already know like, hey, she does multiple different sides of her. Like of course I can do like the belting and I'm in my feelings and I'm going there and it's vocals and it's all of that. But like, I don't wanna do a whole show of that, you know? That's just not how I authentically feel right now. Emini here, I'm 27, I, I have other sides to me, the way I talk with my girls, the way I talk when I'm mad, like I wanna be able to show those different sides too.


So I feel like when do I do that? It would have to be now, you know what I'm saying? To like get people warmed up to different versions of me. And honestly, when I made taste, my album was already done. It was supposed to be out in October and then it just wasn't flowing right. So we, you know, pushed it back. And so I kind of had no, I guess expectations that I put on myself. Yeah. And I was kind of like, I did my bar so like I'm just gonna have fun. And then that led to taste, which to me it was just so fun and it was freeing and it was scary. So I just, I just wanted to do, it Was scary saying so, so, oh, what was it? Def Jam you had the album since October. Def Jam didn't send it to us this morning. You know why? Tell him where is the grace in the room? Where is it?


Where is it? Listen, I just want the best for Coco Jones. Thank you. You said that they're doing good things for you. Yeah, I'm just simply saying why not more. Okay. Well you ate that part. That's all I'm saying ate that part because that's all I'm saying the album. But anyway, so a version of it was done in October, but a lot of it changed. A lot of it changed. Like me Emini here taste happened because there was no, you know, there was no expectation and it was scary because I was gonna get mixed reactions. I knew that like some people were gonna be like, you're this girl, you're the sing girl, don't dance, don't do that. Don't be sexy. You know what I'm saying? And then other people were gonna live for it. So I kind of just had to be okay with that because I feel like what am I supposed to do? You know? Yeah. It's my life too and I'm still a developing artist. These are the things I want do and try and maybe one day I'll look back Emini here, I probably will look back at some of the things that I did and be like, but like gimme the time.


You don't crazy though. You keep it Emini here not to be like funny. You keep it tasteful when you do. Absolutely. Even taste was tasteful. Yeah, thank you. And it was the nods to Britney Spears. Well actually though that was a, that was, it was cut down and down and down. I really did. I gonna say I really did try a lot of things because I wanted to see what they look like on myself. Because also like, I don't know how I feel doing something until I try it. So either I could live with like the regret and the fear of like, I didn't, I don't even wanna push it like that. Or I could try things and luckily I have a team who's like, try it, you know, they'll, they'll help me facilitate figuring out who I am all the way. And so I did do way more than that's in that video.


Oh, so that's, it just wasn't sitting right. Is that why? So to the timeline, he talking about October to when we getting it now. And that's why things have been like changing and that's why we got the stuff late is 'cause everything was changing. No, the songs changed from October. Some of them changed, some of them changed from October to now the album coming out. But Taste the video, I was just saying like, oh yeah, the visual, the edits of it. Like they, it got chopped and screwed a lot because I wasn't feeling some of the ways that I looked, I wasn't feeling it for myself. Like it didn't feel like me, you know? Some of it felt like me trying to do something versus some of it felt like me being me And I just kept what was like a green light in my spirit. You know? All We have more with Coco Jones when we come back. It's The Breakfast Club.


Good morning. Morning everybody. It's DJ Envy, Jess, Hilarious Charlemagne guy. We are The Breakfast Club. Lauren the roasts here as well. We're still kicking it with Coco Jones. And that was Taste Jess. Now is cocoa in taste, is that like happy in a relationship? Cocoa or like, oh I'm, I'm getting, I'm getting done right? Cocoa, I think, you know what I'm saying? Or is that just, just a side of you that we have not seen that you just, you know what I'm saying? Yeah, I think it's just, I'm grown and you know, me and my girls, we talk like this like when we, yeah, when we're flirty, like when we're sensual, like we grown, you know what I'm saying? Like music is all of the things. It's in love, it's late night, it is anger, it's all of these emotions. So I wanted to, in this album, I wanted to try to show all the different sides of me and really just learn, like learn for myself.


How did that, how did that make me feel? How did that video make me feel? How did the responses, being on tour and seeing what people like and what they don't like. It all kind of is like lights up in my brain. Like, okay, now I know that like I feel like it highlights things and then I'm like, oh, that's what I like. Oh that's what I should be doing more of. You know what I'm saying? Like Yeah. So first of all, when you talk about relationships, you're glowing instantly. We had taste where you, somebody's leaving a legacy on your lips when they kiss you, then you got A-E-O-M-G sample. It's Just, it's the American Eagle. It Was just something to say. Yeah, it's just like, it's like, it sounds when you, you're feeling good when you're in the midst of all of the things.


You got that one girl, you got the song where I, here we go. Is that the song where you talking about you trying to get over somebody, but you don't leave you alone because you, but you laid up with your new boo. You've been talking about being happy in these interviews and the people are saying that it's Donovan Mitchell. Is is this your bay? Is that what's happening? I'm happy. And that's all I gotta say about it. Period. Emini here. You people already know music. Do y'all know Music? Okay. So it is, and the music gives happy. So I'm happy for you. Donovan Mitchell, the basketball player. Yes. No, the the sell houses Before. I didn't know, I didn't know that A I'm crying, but no, I talk about as much as I feel like I wanna talk about because I'm this, that I'm not the type to be giving out all of my details. That's just not my truth. I, I give as much as I can And I give my everything when it comes to this music.


So I'm like, yeah, I'm happy and yeah, y'all know what it is. Can I ask a button news line from here we go because I'm old. I don't know what this mean. Why it's gotta be your way. I wanted to be mine. What you think this is foreplay must be out your mind. Like I was basically saying when you're playing with somebody's emotions, when you in and outta their life, like do you feel like that's funny or hot or like, are you into that? Like what's wrong with you? Oh, You know what I'm saying? Okay, okay, okay. Okay. So, okay, so you, because you used the word foreplay, but you're talking about, I get what you're saying, like Are you thinking you flirting with me when you playing with my life when you're playing in my face? Like are do you think I like that Got because in the song she's like, yo, I'm happy over here. I like where I'm at. But you just, you pop up in my likes you showing up places. Like you think that this is like this is it like that? No. Leave me alone.


But he's not leaving her alone. And those guys be kind of low key, having a little hold even though they shouldn't. What guys like the guy. So if you're moved on and you're trying to for you? No, just in general. Oh Even why is she Like everybody has had that person that you know not can always slide back. He's a Leader. Trust me. Not Lauren. He's a Actor. It's okay, you're right. I don't have that because I'm disconnected from anything toxic and I'm moving into my glory and my happiness. Mm Wow. I love that. AKA I'm single. Nobody wants me. What? That is so foul. Everybody beautiful. Everybody I know. I know they be in your phone but you just be blocking the things that Aren't giving. They he won. Oh, It's the one. Oh oh, you trying to get Now was one.


Pivot. Pivot. Yeah. So so That was one. Where are we Going with this? Wow. When did it turn the warning? Anyway, I got Question. Yes, thank you. Because I read the words Why, why not more? What, what did you, did you come up with that title? Okay, so it's one of the songs that is on the album. It is actually featuring YD Marley and it's really dope. It's like a island vibe. And I really love that title because I felt like that's what I kept asking myself, why would I hold back? You know, why wouldn't I do the things that I feel like I really wanna do? And I feel like all the answers were rooted in fear. Like, oh they might not like it or it might not work. And I'm like, I would rather just try things and be able to like learn from them. Yeah. Than, than not try and wonder what would've happened if, you know, so that kind of led to why not more being the album name but also I feel like it was a little less serious.


Like it was between why not more or like self-titled Coco whatever. But I'm like, I don't even know if I fully know Coco yet myself. So I don't know if that's my true is true is true is truth to name my album that I feel like why not more resonated with me more. 'cause I'm just, I ask myself a lot of questions. I ask my team a lot of questions. I'm very curious and I'm still like trying to figure it out. Mm. I love that. 'cause it feels like, you know, you give your all to everything you do. Yeah. So when you give your all but Def Jam doesn't, how does that make you feel? Why are you still on that? You know what, What? Why I'm just asking. I just was asking you Want something from the store? This is crazy. It is crazy. Oh my God. I'm like, here, here's what I really feel. I really feel like it takes a lot of effort and time to, to make an artist work and and for a developing artist.


And I feel like what I really want people to do is to look at me with the perspective of like, I'm not trying to do like the trending here today And I, and I'm gone type thing. I'm trying to make things that are timeless but that takes time and that takes effort. And I feel like I have a team that does a lot for me. Yeah. And have and has effort for me. Like I wouldn't be up here saying that if that wasn't my truth. You know what I'm saying? Well they dropped the ball this morning. That's all I'm saying. And, and at, at a, at a crucial time like this, they shouldn't be doing that. That's all I'm saying. So when would you have prepared to listen to it? A week ago then you were on the schedule a week ago. We should have been had the album. We should have marinated with the album for a while to really be able to have a conversation. I like, I think albums are different than movies. I, I don't like to watch movies before I have conversations with people about their movies. 'cause you don't wanna spoil it but I think albums are different.


Okay, Well I got five singles out. Did you listen to them? I listened to it. They Been out. You listened to the the one you let me hear this morning Taste and it was another one. What was the one you lemme hear this morning? Here I go. Here we go. Taste You need to hear that. A-E-O-M-G. So he knows I ain't hear ae OMG American Eagle mg. Is that like commercial? He like that too though. You think so? Yeah, he said American Eagle. Oh my god. I get What does that mean for real though? What's the Acronym? A-E-O-M-G. So basically it's just like a freaky song and it's like legs on the Legs on the ceiling got me like A-E-O-M-G. Like it's just something to say. It's just fun. I Know what the OMG is. Yeah, but what is the ae? It's Just like, it was like, you know how when you say your vowels a aei IOU it was like ae G it Like she, it's just yeah.


Dang. Yeah. Yeah. We was just having fun. Right. I Ain't doing it right. I ain't never been nobody screaming no vows. Uhuh. Look at that fan yellow fan out. I can't do that. I came with that. But no, I'm really excited And you can listen to the album and then I'm curious to hear your thoughts next time I see you. Absolutely. I Love how you defend your team. I love how you speak up for your team And I love the fact that your mom has been like by your side through all this. Is she your manager? No, my mom's not my manager. She, she was for the, the time when there was nobody, you know. But yeah, no I feel like now my mom is more like my wise counsel, you know what I'm saying? Love that. Yeah. Naasha. She was definitely wise. Was She? Make sure to tell her. Make sure to tell her. Make sure to tell Def Jam Emini here. Def make sure to tell your mom about Def Jam.


She's gonna watch this. She gonna watch this. She probably gonna be your dm. Definitely. Yeah. She coming. She gonna say thank you. Okay. What were your earliest memories of wanting to be who you are now? Was that your dream or did somebody instill that dream in you? It was definitely me. Okay. Like even when I had look at little kid videos of me, like I would be like not even fully forming sentences, but I would be singing them and they'd be like, sing and I'd be like, yes, I, I would love to sing. So it was, it was always me. I didn't think that like it could be a tangible job though. Like I knew sports was a real job 'cause my dad played in the NFL so I was like okay, this is a real job. This can actually be something you do. But I didn't know music could be something you really do. I saw it on TV and And I, I thought, you know, yeah those people are doing that. But it wasn't until like my mom introduced me to the opportunities that I was like, you can try to do this yourself.


Like it's something I could do. And then I was hooked. There was no stopping me.


The first two years of 2025 have been quite a year. Work deadlines, group chats, you can't escape and your world cousin's latest overshare. It's a lot. But here's the good news. You don't have to bring that stress into your car. The all new Nissan Mura is your piece on wheels thanks to its available features. Imagine sliding into the relaxing misogyny seats that feel like they were made to melt your tensions. Take you in the skyline views that let the sunlight pour in and watch as your day brightens. I have a special playlist that always gets me right And with the bowls premium sound system, you too can vibe like your at your own private concert. Plus with a 64 colored personalized light option, you can set the mood any way you want. Be it romantic chill or in a straight up do not disturb mode. Let the Nissan Murano be your oass in a chaotic world because sometimes the greatest rush isn't rushing at all. Drive an all new Nissan Ronald today. Panoramic moonroof, ambient lighting, bows and massaging. Leather appointed seats are optional Features.


Some of the best memories aren't just about where you are, it's about who you're with, your crew, your day ones. The folks who always got your back. The ones who turn the most random moments into inside jokes you'll be laughing about for ears. And now share a Coke is making those moments even sweeter This time it's not just about sharing a Coke with one person. Nah, it's about sharing with the whole squad. Because what's better than drinking an ice cold Coke sharing one with the people you love most. Whether you're kicking it at a cookout, vibing at game night, pre-gaming before a night out or just hanging and catching up. There's a coke with your name on it or better yet your nickname on it from friend bro bestie and girl. It's to classic names like Sarah Riley and David. These cans and bottles are for your people, but it's bigger than just having a name on a can. It's about uplifting friends and celebrating real connections. It's about appreciating the moments that matter, the road trips, the late night talks, the big wins and even the Ls we take together. It's about the little things, the inside jokes, the group chats, the remember that time when moments that turn into the best stories because Coke is here for all of it. To make sure you enjoy those moments with people who matter most. Because sharing a Coke isn't just about what's in the bottle. No, it's about the laughs, the love, the connections that keep us together. So go on, grab a Coke and raise it up and turn a regular day into a memory. But don't wait too long because these limited cans and bottles won't be around forever. Next time you're with your people, don't miss your chance to share a Coke because the best moments are meant to be shared.


Before we get back to it, I wanna take a second for our sponsor. Stand up to all the hate now you know, we joke, we debate, we even push buttons sometimes, but spreading the hate, that's never the right move. There's a difference between keeping it real and just being reckless. Let's do better respect each other and leave the hate out of it. There's no reason to hate. Even in my household. I have six kids And I don't let my children use the word hate. There's no reason to hate on anybody. It's always better to uplift, empower, and make sure that we support. So join us at The Breakfast Club and standing up to all hate. If you see someone getting hate, speak up and call it out. Your voice is one of the most powerful tools there is in this fight. And you can learn more by following at what's up with hate or show your support by posting the blue square emoji and using the hashtag Stand Up to All Hate on Instagram. And TikTok


At t has a new guarantee because most things in life are not guaranteed. Like actually getting the rental car you've requested or your wedding turning out just like you dreamed it would. And someone making another pot of coffee in the break room after drinking the last drop of the last one. Yeah, don't get me started. Not guaranteed. In a world where nothing is guaranteed at and t is bringing something new to the table. At and t is introducing a guarantee. With connectivity you depend on deals you want and service you deserve or they make it right. So if you wanna know more about the at t guarantee, head to att.com/guarantee. At t connecting changes, everything, terms and conditions apply. Visit att.com/guarantee for details.


Then you also had options 'cause you got in the acting as well. Yeah, yeah. So which bug do you think you know in, I guess infected you the most? Music. Definitely music. Yeah. Okay. I respect acting 'cause it's definitely outside of my comfort zone and it's stories that are like outside of me and you do it. Well thank you. Thank you. But I think music is like, it's just like home to me. It just feels safe. So that was your first love of an acting. Yeah, absolutely. Absolutely. Are you looking forward to more film though? Oh yes. I literally went to South Africa this year to do a film And I really think it's gonna be dope. Ideally I would love to be able to do both every year. I think that that's really cool when, when artists can do that. So I wanna try to keep that up. All Right. We have more with Coco Jones when we come back.


It's The Breakfast Club. Good morning. Morning everybody. It It's DJ Envy, Jess Hilarious, Charlamagne new guy. We are The Breakfast Club. Lauren La Roast is here as well. We're still kicking it with r and b. Singing and actress Coco Jones, her new album. Why Not More is Out Now. Jess, Did you see that viral video of you? And the reason why I asked that you see it 'cause a lot of people don't be seeing stuff for themselves. Like just 'cause it hits blogs don't mean you, you see it. But this is why I was so shocked when, when I saw a taste because it was a video a couple weeks ago that I saw that went viral and it was you rehearsing. Yeah but you was looking like, I ain't doing all that. So because they was like gyrating on each other, I guess your choreographer or whoever was displaying what they wanted you to do and you were looking at it like Uhuh your face was like, I'm not I doing it.


No, I was so scared. It was okay. So he was throwing her up in the air. Yes. And I'm tall but I don't like heights that I can't, that ain't my choice, you know? Right. So that's why I was looking scared as hell. But I was proud of myself. I told, I told the choreographer at Lee, I said, do what you would do, not what you think I can do. And let me see what happens after that. I got you. If it's too hard, I'm gonna tell you girl. And some of it was just too hard. But I was proud of myself for like trying it. I was literally in a hoop. I had an airless come and like teach me how to be in the hoop. And for one part of the video I really was proud of myself. I went outside my comfort zone And I was living for it. Yeah. You talked about earlier, the moment you said when people weren't checking for you it, it was like when you in between your Disney and like your next song and stuff of that nature.


And I watched an interview where you were saying that you were like almost embarrassed to go out and get a job at certain points and things of that nature. How do you d because people were virally saying things about where you've been and stuff. How do you deal with those moments when you're viral but it's like for stuff that you don't care to be viral for now that you know yourself a bit, but you're still figuring yourself out. I'm like, the internet isn't real. I'm like, what is this place? It's not even like for real, what's real is the people that I tangibly talk to who know me. You know? So I'm like, this is so not real. So if something is going viral Emini here, I might get a little so drop like y because I'm like used to people talking about my music only. And so anything else is getting it is like, it's still new to me that people care about what I got going on personally.


I'm like, y'all care about that? Okay, how Can we talk about your music? That's not your fault though. Let's talk about Def Jam. Continue Anyway. I really don't take it seriously because I feel like people's attention span is so short. It'll be important today. Gone tomorrow. Yeah. Yeah. If you don't talk about it. That's why I had to ask you, did you see the video I'm talking about? Because I know a lot of people it be be so far removed from social media and the internet. It's not a real place. It is a whole bunch of people who Just say and and just because they feel like they can have a voice now it's like all cool. So, And I feel like even when people are like talking, I'm like, they're still talking. I'm like go stream. Got a record. If you're upset something go stream it. The algorithm doesn't know the difference.


I Know that's right. I'm not mad, I'm not blocking nobody. If you wanna talk, keep, keep it on. I need them to know that you're active on this page. Go ahead. I'm Excited. You probably can't wait to write a song about this him getting on your nerves all day today. Oh yeah, please Don. I go write a song about, I'm here for Coco. Coco was born in South Carolina. She was raised in Tennessee. But you know, period. She got that South Carolina in her. So I just want her to always be getting done right. All no people at all times. Sting you though. That's it. You feel that? You feel people sting you. I know when Sting. Oh yeah. Yes girl. What? Yes. Yes. I thought you said Sting. No Sting. You like when something hap 'cause I, I don't, I don't think it's the Disney stuff. 'cause sometimes they do that with certain child actors and child stars. But I think it's just because we feel that you really care about your work. Yeah. So when anything else happens, like when the ss a, the Shannon Sharp question about S's Dbl L and the SSA commented.


Yeah, The World was, they was, it was a stand thing. It was like co this was not for Coco. And then SSA came out and said, now why would that be a Coco Jones question? I love ssa. I was like, I I I was really caught off guard by that. But yeah, no, I do feel the energy. And I, and people tell me all the time, like when I see them and they're like, like, we're so proud of you. Like we are root of you. I'm like, thank you. I'm like, thank you. I I don't really know how to feel because for such a long time I was like, you, you in your brain are like, ain't nobody, nobody cares. Nobody cares. Really. And then to see, trust me it was giving Desert island. It's Because you had highs and lows. Yeah, that's what I was talking about earlier. Because when you, when you, when the low hit, you were out the way, you weren't doing much anything and then you had to come on the internet. Damn Lord. But When she's, that's real. She's talked about this publicly.


That's why. Yeah. I literally Obsessed. Yeah. She had to go online And I did a whole video about this. Yes girl. Okay. People who know No, no Because she do that to people. I ain't tell you what she said to s that was Strange. It was not shade that that was real. It it because I'm locked into your journey And I, I appreciated your journey because you talked about, yo this is what's really happening right now. Even though I don't wanna tell y'all. And that's why I think we like lock in with you because we can identify the ups and downs and it real. Yeah. And you gotta fight to come back. And when you come back, it's always good music Facts. And I do appreciate that. I really, really do. I do feel the love And I, I wanna like give something good in return for the people who care, you know, and support me. I'm trying, I wanna give something good. So I'm glad that like y'all know that I really, really care about my stuff.


Yeah. For real. I'm, I'm trying to make stuff that last. But yeah, I, I love what I do And I would, I would do it all again. Even though it was so uncomfortable at that point for this payoff and for also to inspire the next girl. Like take it easy on yourself. Have some grace. It don't mean it's you. Sometimes they just don't know. You know? What Point did you get to, to that point where you was like, yo bro, I'm doing everything I can do. Mm. I feel like that's always kind of where I was at. I couldn't stop doing like what I loved. 'cause it's, it was still so important to me. But I think when I told, when I did that video about everything that happened, I was like, this might be the last thing I ever do. So I'm just keep it real. I'm gonna just keep it real. I don't know what's gonna go after this.


But yeah, I feel like that was always my truth. Like I'm, I'm giving it everything I got so I can live with that. It's just life in life you got, if you really believe in God, you gotta respect the process realm, period. Real. Like there's, I don't even believe in so-called good or bad. I just believe everything is part of one long process. Yeah. Whatever I'm going through, this is what God want me to go through. I completely agree with that. I, And I think there's a certain amount of faith too that like if you know it's on the way, how would you move? That's right. And so sometimes I would post that cover, Ooh, delete the app because I knew the engagement was so low. But if I, if it was on the way, how would I move? I would still do this. I would still put my voice out there. I would still write songs. I would still do videos, I would still do it. You know, I would still go to auditions if I knew it was on the way. Me and my best friend would talk about this all the time.


'cause we were both going through it at the same time. We actually met on Set Me and my best friend we met on a Disney channel show when we were like 14. So we lit. Who's your best friend? Jalen. Her name's Jalen Baron. Oh, she's an amazing actress. Check her out period. She's on a lot of shows and she does her big one. Oh that's, I know that's very best friend. I would never do my best friend like that 'cause she a clown. But that's the game she on. I'm crying, it's, sorry, I'm crying. Are we getting a, are we getting a season four of Bella? Or you can't talk about that? I can talk about it. Okay. We, we do, we're doing the season four actually while I'm on tour, I'll be filming some of it. I'm gonna come back to do my episodes, but it'll be the fourth and final season.


But I think it's good that we know it'll be the final season so we can do everything with like the intention of like, okay, let's put a bow on it. Yeah. And I'm really excited. I think we've done something great that we, you know, it's a blessing to keep people's attention. Yes ma'am. For more than a one season. More than one episode. So I'm proud of what we've done And I hope it inspires more black TV shows, you know, that represent us and show networks like this is profitable. Yeah. So keep it up. I'm happy for us. Are you happy? Yeah. Okay. That's all that matters. I am happy. Okay. Coco Jones. Why now? More is available everywhere you get your music. Now do you want people to buy it? Screaming? I don't even know how to, I Want people to buy it. Okay. I'm sorry. But if you go to, if you need to buy that, because look the, the album equivalent units, you know what I'm saying?


You know what I'm, oh yeah, buy that album. Just buy it. I love a stream. But go ahead and stream if you're gonna stream it. But if you wanna do anything, buy it. Buy me the album y'all. Period. All much continued success Coco. Thank You. I appreciate y'all. Absolutely. And get the tickets for that tour my baby about go on tour. May 6th. Thank you. Period. Thank you. Wanna get to the website? You Can go on the real Coco Jones dot com and get my ticket. All right. It's Coco Jones. It's The Breakfast Club. Yes. It's the world's most dangerous morning show. The Breakfast Club Charlemagne, the guy Jess, Hilarious. DJ Envy. Lauren LaRosa. And it's time for the latest Lauren becoming a street face. She gets them from somebody That knows somebody some, well she gets Into details.


I'm the home girl that knows a Little bit about everything and She'd be having the latest on Lord the latest with Lauren la. Sometimes she have facts, sometimes she have details, sometimes she have a little bit of everything. Well it's the Latest On The Breakfast Club. No, I was thinking about something. Nevermind. No, Jess thought that Mike Jones the rapper was Coco Jones. Daddy. No I didn't. Did you that? No I didn't. Did you think that for real? No. He told me that I thought was Eddie Jones. And I was like, what? Oh right. Who's Eddie Jones? He was like, no, no, Mike Jones. I'm like Mike Jones. What's her father? You stupid. You a stole tried it. Yo. Well completely Left turn.


I'm sorry. What you got Lauren? I thought that was pretty funny. Shannon Sharp has finally stepped away from ESPN And I say finally because the people, I was very say, why you say finally? 'cause the people have been trying to figure out what was going to happen. So when I say finally I more so mean like now we have an answer to what's about to happen with him and ES, espn. So he came out with a statement yesterday. Shannon Sharp posted this statement saying his statement is, is found here. He says, this is the truth. The relationship is in question was a hundred percent consensual. At this juncture, I'm electing to step aside temporarily from my ESPN duties. I'll be devoting this time to my family and responding to dealing with these allegations that are false and disruptives that are disruptive, that are set against me.


I plan to return to ESPN at the start of the NFL preseason. I sincerely appreciate the overwhelming and ongoing support I have received from my family, friends, fans and colleagues. Shannon Sharp. Mm. So there it is. He decided to step away. I think if, you know, it's a lot of attention thrown the network sway. And you, You know what I find interesting about that whole statement situation? What ESPN hasn't released one yet. Okay. Shannon's plan may not be ESPN's plan, but we shall soon see. Mm. Oh E ESPN ain't say Nothing. Nope. ESP n Hasn't said anything yet. And that's been another thing. The only thing that close to what ESPN is saying was what we were told from Stephen A. Smith from one of the presidents at e espn. Yeah. I'll be i'll, I'll be honest. I don't, I don't like things like this.


Right. And I'm gonna tell you why. Right. I understand it's a lot of noise. There's a lot of people talking. But that's what the opposition wants. That's what they want. Yeah. They want you to be embarrassed. They want you to start losing money. They want you to start doing that so they feel like they, that you will settle out and you'll be forced to settle out. Now if, if he really didn't do it and this was part of his kinky thing and it was what it was and he didn't do it and he's innocent and the fact that he has to step away now, possibly losing his job if he has bills and not having bills. 'cause now he has no work. I don't like that if he didn't do it. Because that's what they want him to do. Yeah. They want him to be embarrassed. They want him to feel a a way. 'cause what's gonna happen? He gonna be like, you know what f all this, lemme just settle out on the side. That's what they're forcing him to do.


Really? Yeah. Yeah. I'm I'm sure Disney still has moral clauses though. Like, you know, regardless, regardless of, you know, anything. I don't know if what he, if anything he did was criminal, but there's still moral clauses. But when you talk about moral clauses, right, I can do what I, and I'm not, I don't know what happened. We don't know. But from, from the outside, I can do what I want do in my bedroom. Yes. Right. What, what I, what I do in my bedroom is my business. But once somebody, And I didn't put it out, I didn't film it and put it out. If somebody secretly tap me and put it out, I just think that's wrong. You can't do that. It's not black and white like that though. What time out? I think you're missing something. There's a audio phone call of him saying that he was going to choke her. Now, whether or not that was role playing or not, it's perceived as a video.


It's a, of a Shannon Sharp saying he's gonna choke this 19-year-old girl, however old she's right. So that is enough to say, Hey, you know what, you need to sit down for a while. But is it, if it's a tape secret call and it is role playing, let's Just say, And I don't know, we don't know if it's role playing, but, but we don't know. He's saying it's role playing. She's saying it's not right and then he, but if, if it is and it's secretly taped, and this is my secret business, what if I, if I'm into bd, what is it? BDSM, what is it called? Bsm. Yeah. But all that has to come out though and be like, they have to know that for a fact. They don't know right now. So why they don't Know. So you fired your brother so you really guilty into, and you gotta prove Yourself innocent. He's not fired. He's not fired as of now. As of now. He's just taking a step and he stepped down. What I think He, I understand. I don't like that. What I think happens, because what normally happens, and this is just me, this is not anything I've been told.


But normally, you know, they'll come to you and say, Hey, we probably are gonna lean toward you taking a step back. If you wanna take the narrative and you Just say you step back going, that's what he seems like. Which allows him to, you know what Emini here, it doesn't turn the conversation additionally negative. Makes it's already Negative. Makes it, makes it feel you're guilty. And then you gotta prove yourself innocent instead opposed to innocent to proving yourself. Well It's a lot of noise. Yeah. I I think I think you Oh, I'm sorry, go ahead. And Then I, he could have been reading a porn hub headline. Shut up. Shut up. Like that's, I'm just saying like, you know, 'cause I be watching those little categories all the time and it's like, you wouldn't be time. He couldn't absolutely watching it. Oh, for sure. But it's like, I, I've seen that headline before. Black man chokes, you know, young white girl and you know, I, I've seen that.


Well, whatever he was doing, he gotta sit down until ESPN can find that same video. Maybe send him the link. I'm saying. And, and, and there's just a lot of things Shannon has against him right now, including the audio of him saying, you know, he was going, he he'll choke her out, including his lawyer saying they were gonna settle for $10 million. So I totally understand him saying, you know what, I'm gonna take a step back. Once again. He luck. He lucky. ES ESPN ain't said nothing yet. Yeah. You Know what I'm saying? You, you pointing, I understand what you're saying. Envy. But it's not on ES esp N Shannon said he needed to take. Yeah, No, no, I get it. But I just, I I just feel like that's, you basically are saying that that man is guilty in proof his innocence. That's Shannon. I know Shannon took a step back. Ain't nobody saying nothing to Shannon.


I know. It's just Shannon took a step back. Just The audio is just crazy. 'cause even she, if you listen closely, she had like the seductive, retarded voice on, you know what I'm saying? Where she's like, Shannon Seductive voice. You know, it's, it's like, you know, 'cause she do sound a little behind, but she still like, sound like she trying to be sultry With it. You know, like seductive. That is the worst part of I get what? Just saying. Because I'm like, Yeah, you're trying to figure it out, Shannon, how you so green to fall for? Yes. That's what I'm saying. I don't think he think he's six Years old. He been famous for a long time and he's been doing this for a long time. I don't know about, and then he Hasn't, he clearly hasn't been doing it for a long time because these are rookie mistakes. You first of all, 56 years old, talking to a 19-year-old is ridiculous.


Or 54 talking to a 19-year-old and then letting that 20 something year old talk to you like that on text messages and on phone. And you sitting there talking back And recorded on video. That's how you know it's been going on for a while. They, so he felt like he was in the trusted, you know, I can trust you by now. We've been, you've been rocking with me for a while. You know what I'm Saying? There was a story that came out yesterday from sources close to Shannon Sharp that said that they, you know, these sources are saying that they, they had engaged in that those sexual acts over a hundred times. The relationship started around like 2022 or 2023. So it's been a couple years. But wherever that trust was broken, baby is it broke. Because right now he having an answer to some things and ESPN or him taking a step back, it's a lot of noise right now. And that, and by the way, this is the main thing, and I've been saying this all week, discipline instability.


Clearly he lacks it. You cannot be 54 years old hollering at a 19-year-old. That was his first mistake. So he made a poor choice. That's why he's in this situation. Nobody calls this on Shannon Sharp except for Shannon Sharp. No, I I I totally agree with you. Right. He he's not like, is is ethically immor just seems crazy. He's not a victim here. It seems crazy. But but if he had consensual sex with this girl, it's legal. That's, and he is a victim. If, if he had consensual sex and they playing this to get some money, yes, he is a victim. If that's the case, I don't know what the case is because we hearing both sides. Yes. He made, he made a choice Of as a 54-year-old girl, But he could have had consensual sex with this year old, this woman.


He could have had consensual sex if he had consensual sex. And they are, if they are lying, then he is a Victim. I think you're missing my point. Consensual even for what? Consensual It's still stupid. It is stupid. I'm not, I'm not saying it's not stupid. It's morally and ethically wrong. Yes. But if, if they're lying on him, but legally he's a victim. It is stupid. It's dumb is the dumbest thing I've heard of a 54-year-old man talking to a 19-year-old. Exactly. But if he had consensual sex and they're lying and that was roleplay Destiny's not a matter of Chance. Yes. Don't you feel like you watching parents argue? Yes. You just gotta sit here and tell like that. Oh, when y'all release the text message from Char, Listen, if Shannon was my homie, that's what I'd be telling them.


You put yourself in this situation. We all always That's stupid. You Is stupid An Idiot. Well, we, You Right. Please don't release any text envy for Me and Charlotte. Yes. We all love working together. That's crazy. Right. Well, really quick as we wrap up, I just wanna send some prayers to Gilbert Arenas and Laura Govin, their son, Elijah Arenas was involved in a very serious car accident in LA and he is right now in a medically induced coma because of some smoke inhalation, inhalation because the cyber truck he was in caught on fire. And I, I received a, a statement from the family. They're just asking for prayers and some privacy right now. So Sure, sure. Just wanted to send some prayers their way. Absolutely. Definitely sending prayers up. And I, And I wanna say something too, man, before I know everybody about to do this People's choice mix, please make sure you are wearing deodorant and please make sure you got the right deodorant on.


The temperature is really changing in a lot of places. It is getting warm. Don't get caught out there smelling musty because I got caught yesterday And I haven't, You Were smelling musty yesterday. Mustang. I haven't, I haven't smelled musty in years And I was shocked And I know I, I know I had deodorant on so, but you had black, so what happened? You know, goddamn black, so I used to use black, so, but I had a crew neck on and when I took that crew neck off, I was like, what is that? That ain't Onions. Hell no it ain't. You walking around giving everybody, giving everybody the tight Hugs and stops and talks to everybody. You just are spreading that must off over the city. And I, I don I don't know what happened but I'm just telling you, you right now, Damn. Don't, don't get caught out there. Make sure you win deodorant and make sure you got the right deodorant on and the temperature is changing.


You know what, Emini here, It's definitely gonna stink at that festival my brother. You Gonna hit the Black Effect Festival hugging you from afar? Be smelling out there my brother. Stop buying that deodorant from them Grand Rising Kings. That's what Lauren, Lauren, you should hush because there's been a lot of talk behind your back that I won't speak on right now. Wow. Speak on it. Speak on It baby. Because I'm in here smelling great every morning. So they probably asking you what I'm wearing. Don't play with me. I just wanna let y'all No, Jess yesterday was like envy. You smell real clean. Yes. Every wash with the soap, yo shower smell. She said you smell like soap but you smell so clean. Yes. I'm like, is it a, a shower here at our heart? I like just got out the shower. All right. We got donkey today.


Up next. Showman you doing it different this morning? Oh yes, I am actually. I want people to call in man and give people the the credit they deserve for being stupid. We'll talk about it when we come back. All right. It's The Breakfast Club. Good morning. You are checking out The Breakfast Club. It's Your time to nominate a donkey of your own. Remember how that's, it's how they choose. Call in now. (800) 585-1051. Today, Friday, April 25th will not be delivered by me. It will be delivered by you to people. See, one thing I like that y'all do when I'm not here on Breakfast Club is have people call in and give folks to credit they deserve for being stupid.


Folks is always hitting me, giving me suggestions. Well guess what? The floor is yours on this fine Friday. You can call in and give whoever you want Donkey of the Day. So who's, who's on the phone? Brandon, who do you wanna give donkey to? I don wanna give a donkey today to my boss man, so, so no, you Gotta put a name on it. Listen, listen. You know this is Donkey today. You gotta put a name on it. You can't Just say the boss. The only time I don't say a name is when I don't have a name. What's his name? Alright, Just go to my boss Cory out here in Georgia. We was cool. What, what's the last name? If you going get fired, get fired, Brandon. Pretty smart. Smart.


Be Smart. Yo. Sorry. Yo, we was cool a couple weeks ago. Like what happened? We was doing good and like, okay, so she's in a relationship with a girl, right? Aint you coming for the game? We were Was full, we was cool at work and then all of a sudden it's like three weeks. Three weeks. It has been bad. Like, and so I'm going through my messages And I see a message request from her, from her wife going, Hey, hey, what you doing? And I, and then all of a sudden messages unavailable for this person. So your wife is reaching out to me mad and and now you taking that on me at work. Oh. Oh, so she not really gay for real? Yeah, she bisexual. Yeah. Oh, then I'm just existing.


Well you might as well do it now 'cause you about to get fired. Definitely. Damn. Oh well I might not even, I might not even so well Damn dang. Where you work at Over. I need some some restaurant over here. Nah, I figured it's something you don't care about. Goodbye, Brad. Hey, shout out Charlemagne. Shout out jazz. Shout out DJ. Here be I love y'all man. Every morning. Every morning y'all. You too king brother. About to get fired. Messing around with Charlamagne. Hell yeah. Yo. Good morning. Who's this? Hey, Good morning. It's aj. Aj who you want to give donkey today to? Well, I gotta get donkey today to The Breakfast Club, bro. Okay. What we do, we not above that. Tell us Y'all. And yeah, y'all don't really know too much when y'all spreading this bad information. Y'all keep saying Trump can't get a third term, but he can.


It's only, you can't get a Third term. It's your term consecutive. Man, shut up. That's all. Hey, that's all. You know what? Shut your dumb ass up. I was ready to tell him. Dumb damn bro. How dumb are you? Because that's not true. You how you on call and say we spread misinformation, but then you call spread misinformation. This is stupid as man. Good morning. Who's this? This Is Tiffany. Tiffany, how are you Man? I'm great. How are y'all? Who do you want to get a donkey today to? I wanna get a donkey today. Dude, that called the other day. I can't even put my finger on what he was talking about, but he wanted to argue you up and down. He's like Sag, you said this on Reakfast Club. You say this. I'm brilliant idiot. And not that's Every day.


I know, but I just really want to commend you for not going down on this man. For not going off on this man. But like he was obviously a fan. I was like, sir, just shut up. Yeah, please Just say that you're a fan and move on. It is all good. I appreciate it. I appreciate it all. Thank You mama. Yeah, thank you. Thank you. You almost went down on him Shaw man, shut up. Hey, that's, yeah, she was talking to me like I was Kanye cousin for a second. We did. Good morning. Who's this? This Is Shante. Good morning, uncle Charla Breakfast club. Morning. Good morning. Who you want to give donkey today to All white people. Jesus Christ.


All. Why you casting such a wide net Emini here?


The first two months of 2025 have been quite a year. Work deadlines, group chats, you can't escape. And your weird cousin's latest overshare. It's a lot. But here's the good news. You don't have to bring that stress into your car. The all new Nissan Murano is your piece on wheels, thanks to its available features. Imagine sliding into the relaxing, massaging seats that feel like they were made to melt your tensions. Take in the Skyland views that let sunlight pour in and watches your day. Brightens. Hmm. I have a special playlist that always gets me right. And with the Bose premium sound system, you two can vibe like it your own private insert. Plus with the 64 color personalized lighting option, you can set the mood any way you want. Be it romantic, chill, or straight up on do not disturb mode. Let the Nissan Murano be your oasis in a chaotic world because sometimes the greatest rush isn't rushing at all. Drive the all new Nissan Murano today. Panoramic, moonroof, ambient lighting, bows and massaging. Leather appointed seats are optional features.


Some of the best memories aren't just about where you are, it's about who you're with. Your crew, your day ones. The folks who always got your back, the ones who turn the most random moments into inside jokes you'll be laughing about for years. And now share a Coke is making those moments even so sweeter this time. It's not just about sharing a Coke with one person. Nah, it's about sharing with the whole squad. Because what's better than drinking an ice cold Coke sharing one with the people you love most. Whether you're kicking it at a cookout, vibing at game night, pre-gaming before a night out, or just hanging and catching up. There's a Coke with your name on it, or better yet, your nickname on it from Friend bro Bestie and Girl. It's a classic name like Sarah Riley and David. These cans and bottles are for your people, but it's bigger than just having a name on a can. It's about uplifting friends and celebrating real connections. It's about appreciating the moments that matter, the road trips, the late night talks, the big wins, and even the Ls we take together. It's about the little things, the inside jokes, the group chats, the remember that time when moments that turn into the best stories because Coke is here for all of it. To make sure you enjoy those moments with people who matter most. Because sharing a Coke isn't just about what's in the bottle. No, it's about the laughs, the love, the connections that keep us together. So go on, grab a Coke and raise it up and turn a regular day into a memory. But don't wait too long because these limited cans and bottles won't be around forever. Next time you're with your people, don't miss your chance to share a Coke, because the best moments are meant to be shared.


Before we get back to it, I wanna take a second for our sponsor. Stand up to all the hate. Now. You know, we joke, we debate, we even push buttons sometimes, but spreading the hate, that's never the right move. There's a difference between keeping it real and just being reckless. Let's do better respect each other and leave the hate out of it. There's no reason to hate, even in my household. I have six kids And I don't let my children use the word hate. There's no reason to hate on anybody. It's always better to uplift, empower, and make sure that we support. So join us at The Breakfast Club and standing up to all hate. If you see someone getting hate, speak up and call it out. Your voice is one of the most powerful tools there is in this fight. And you can learn more by following at what's up with hate or show your support by posting the Blue square emoji and using the hashtag. Staying Up To All Hate on Instagram and TikTok.


Support for Eating While Broke is brought to you by Chamberlain University. Let's talk about that thing you keep saying you'll do the new career, the next step. There's a difference between not knowing what's next and knowing exactly what you want, but being afraid to go after it. If you're in the second group, maybe it's time to stop waiting. Chamberlain University has been preparing healthcare professionals for over 130 years as the nation's largest nursing school. Chamberlain offers flexible programs built around your life. They have faculty who genuinely care and a community ready to lift you up. Whether you're just starting out switching careers or advancing your education, Chamberlain helps you move forward with confidence. Trust me, I know how tough it is to find a career that really feels fulfilling, but you owe it to yourself to keep on searching until you find that perfect fit. Because here's what Chamberlain wants you to know. You've got this and we've got you. Start today@chamberlain.edu. Chamberlain University belong to something greater certified to operate by Chev.


So the the white supremacy premise is based on white people's ideology that Adam and Eve were white people and our own DNA based on the Human Genome Project. Char, And I know you at the computer, the Google it. I know what that is, Right? Based on our own DNA it. You know, the original race was, was African. I ain't doing this this morning. That's all You got. Yeah. Doing this morning. Also, you know, Africans growing this planet for about 150,000 years. Uncle Charlotte, I'm gonna see you this weekend at the Black Podcast.


Okay. I was at the festival. Yeah. So I'm hoping to kind of skip the line a little bit, you know? Oh yeah. You gotta have a conversation, so, absolutely. Huh? I said now get there early, mama. Oh yeah, I'm gonna, I got the meet and greet tickets, so I do wanna do my Whole podcast. Yeah. Long Break down all of my research and all of that, you know? That's Right. It was definitely, well, We gonna have to, we gonna have to keep the line moving, but can we can chat for a little bit, make sure. Nah Man. Go to the back of the line. So Char, you go to Back to You the last, once you have as much information as possible, you can have that conversation and have everything documented so you can show 'em. Now that's black privilege. Oh Yeah. I wrote a book. I wrote a book. So I'll definitely have my book. And then I also want you to sign your book to Uncle Charla.


I got you. Done deal. You Should, how long is your book? 'cause you should read parts of him so he really gets into it. 'cause you just, you never know. 'cause he's, he owns his own publishing company. So it could be your way in, mama. Oh, that would be awesome. Emini Here. I'm gonna give him a copy of it. So, and it's all based on research and all that. So I'll definitely have all my ducks in a row whenever I see you. Can I dm you my, I need you to know something. There's going to be white people at the Black Effect Podcast Festival too. I just want you to know that. Give them dunk. I'm Everywhere. Just to be so for real. Both my parents is mixed to white, so I'm completely unbiased, you know? Yeah. So How you Unbiased? You call up and you Say, I wanna give donkey the day to all white people.


Even my baby fathers like damn. Including my people. I know that's right. All Shante. You have a good one. Have a good day. All right. All right. That was that, that I think that's enough. Charla. Listen, that's they, they gave everybody the credit they wanted to deserve. They gave everybody the credit they deserve for being stupid. And I do want to say to the person who called, we called a dumb ass. He was a dumb ass. Okay. Right? Yeah. But I just want him to know what the 22nd Amendment says. The 22nd Amendment limits limits a president, the two elected terms, a total of eight years. And you know what it says, no person shall be elected to the office of the president more than twice. Simple and plain. So I don't know what the hell he was talking Goofy.


Y'all just, just goofy. That's it. Have a great day. Alright, Now when we come back, Keylock will be joining us. His new album, Glockaveli is out May 2nd. We'll talk to him next. It's The Breakfast Club. Good morning. The Breakfast Club. Morning Everybody. It's DJ Envy. Just hilarious. Charlamagne the guy. We are The Breakfast Club. We got a special guest in the building. Key Glock. Ladies and gentlemen. What's Up? Yo. Yo. How you doing my brother? How you feeling? Shit, I'm shit. New album. Glockaveli May 2nd. Somebody said that this was one of the most anticipated albums of Spring 2025. I Think Pitchforks said that Pitch, Pitchfork Pitch.


Yeah, for sure. I think of the year though. Like Elli Is it? Is it a playoff? Of course. PS Machiavelli It, it come from Machiavelli for sure, but it is not, I didn't like all the way Copy P style. You mean the actual Machiavelli, right? You studying that? Nah, I didn't study. Okay. Pac. Pac did like a lot of people don't even know about the Prince Michael be, but I know about it 'cause I know about Pac. I read about Pac. Yeah. You have a personal connection to the Dear Mama song 'cause your mom was in jail and okay, so we hear about that in Glockaveli or no? Nah. You ain't heard About that. Okay, so it ain't really Okay. Yeah. Nah, not this song. What can we expect different? I ain't gonna lie. It's like it's more mature. Mm.


Like I made more mature music this time on this album than just fun wine music. Yeah. Yeah. So we got some mature features. Nah, I ain't got that though. We ain't got that yet. Not yet. So what do you mean more mature? What? What are you talking about? You talking about more about your life, more what's going on? Less the Clubs. Yeah. I'm just, I'm just, it is just like everything is brought to the light more now. It's, everything is bolder. Yeah. Now You got a crazy couple of years. Are you, are you bleeding that into the music of everything, your feelings and all that that your fans Yeah, for sure. On this tape? Yeah. It's gonna be a lot of that. It's gonna be a lot of that. Was it difficult to do because you don't talk that much, so you don't really express your feelings? We know, we know your music, we know your cars, we know your jewelry, your sneakers.


We don't know Key Glock unless he, you know, fill the same Well the only reason why I made songs like this on this tape is because I took a break last year And I was just taking care of everything like far in my personal life and at home. And like I couldn't do that by being on the road and in the studio the whole year all the time. So I had to take a pause like on music, get myself together. So while I was getting myself together, everything was just, just hitting harder. So yeah. So You took, was it because you was a, a new father or because what? Your daughter's what three now, right? Yeah, She's three. She just turned three. So you was taking the time to be a father. What you was It was there, it was taking time to be a father, being a, a great son, you know what I'm saying?


A loyal friend. Just, just, just everything. Yeah. I had to just tighten up basically. But you did that break when your record was at its peak, like well let's go Was was really, you kind of took a break 'cause it it, yeah, let's go though. I feel like it was just, it just kept going. It never stopped. You sitting On some paper too. If you could take a year break, bro. I'm doing take a two year break. Sure. That's what's up. I, so you said you this, this is more mature. So obviously you're, you did some, a little bit of deep diving 'cause on a song Grinch, you say I've been running wild since the JIT 14 turned into the Grinch. What happened in your life around 14 that influenced that?


I just thought I was grown. I just, that's when I really was like full blown in the streets. Like I thought I was grown already. I was 14 but I thought I was like 24. Yeah. Yeah. I always wanted to ask. Right. And God rested dead when you put a back to do's cause God Bless the dead, God bless the dead. Was that real or was that y'all just doing it 'cause you broke his windows? I'm like, nah, cousins and no cousins family. No family owe me five minutes after It was real. But it is like when we had, when you having fun like with money, it is like, and money, just some materials. Like we don't idolize this, we don't too much cur for this. Like we know how to make it, we know it's gonna come back. So Bro, you took a baseball bat and broke his window.


That ain't, that ain't, that wasn't nothing bro. Trust me. It might look like it was. So I know you got a lot of cars too, but I know how much Windshields caused the windows caused. Exactly. You Looking at every Instagram like, I'm gonna get my bat one day and go journey And go to work. Nah, he ain't gave no reason to. Nah. That's the, y'all just laugh about. Yeah, we really do. It's a lot of stuff that just go on that don't even be on camera. Like we, it just, it just tough love me and all my homeboy. Yeah, We had Ryan Kugel up here last week. You know, he's the guy that just wrote and produced Sinners Movie, creed, black Panther And both of us. I don like I, for the last at least month I've been on Do so heavy. I've just been listening to Mad DOL music and he was on the same wave And I was just like, what is going on energetically that just people on DOL now Bro just had a good spirit bro.


And it's like when you got a good spirit like that, no matter where you at, no matter if you here or or not, here it is like your spirit is going, you gonna live on through people. You Feel like people credit Dolph and PRE for what they've done for artists and, and definitely for, for the Sound of Memphis doing cautious with, with with Dolph and, and and the family and PRE you get an a different experience 'cause you see the inside workings on how they move and, and how they're So as a unit, do you feel like people don't get to see that as much? They know, but it's like they don't see it as much. But I ain't gonna lie, the the, the way the type of person do was he made sure every year, like far as Thanksgiving or back to school, if he wasn't doing it, I was doing it.


If I wasn't doing it, another artist was doing it. So it was like, it was all the same thing. Yeah. And I saw you signed with Republic Records, right? Yeah. Did you, did you think about DOL when you did that? He was like, okay, what would, what would bro do right now? Like, would he want me to sign the Republic? Would he want me to stay independent? And I remember you also said you didn't wanna sign until you accomplished a lot independently, right? Right. So what, what were the things that made you solidify, you know what now's the time to sign the Republic. I ain't gonna lie, don't nobody even know this. I'm gonna drop a bum on y'all. The week before do passed in Memphis, him, daddy and a couple of more of our circle just had, you know, just, just regular talk. Just had a round table talk. And so crazy do says like, if anything go left, like if anything happened to me, take Glock to, you know what I'm saying?


To Republic? To Republic? Not not no. To the major. To the ma. Yeah, because wow, there was always me and him in talks anyway. Like I never wanted to be the biggest independent artist. This this was his thing. Like it was his still, I never wanted to take that away, but we always knew how much money we could make with the major. So that's why I really kind of did it. Oh, So you already, in your mind, you already had this blessing, you already knew What it was? Yeah. Yeah. It was gonna happen anyway. It just wasn't rushed or forced. Like it wasn't even needed now. It just was okay. I know bro wanted me to do this. Like he didn't, he didn't say it for no reason and it, it wasn't no coincidence. He said it like a week before. You know what I'm saying? Wow. What's something that Dolf told you that didn't hit at the time, but it makes all the sense in The World now, Man, we can't rush and put this music out.


I never understood that shit. Like my first two, three years in the game. He Was strategic with. Yeah. I never understood at first because I was recording so much, I, as soon as I recorded it, put it out. But I didn't, I didn't understand the industry at the time like I do now. Yeah. Now they said you got a lot of records with him before. Before he passes. Is there a plan to do a please Man, I need some, I need some used the plan for All that. It's in route. I'm just let y'all know it is in route, it's in rap full project For album. It's en route. It's en route H How do you know when Really It ain't, it ain't up to me. You asked me. I drop a tape every month. That's how music got, that's how much music I got. But you just gotta, you just gotta be strategic with stuff. All we got more with Key Glock when we come back.


It's The Breakfast Club. Good morning. Morning everybody. It's DEJ Envy, Jess, Hilarious Charlamagne the guy. We are The Breakfast Club. We're still kicking it with Key Glock. His new album Glockaveli is out May 2nd Charlamagne. How, how do you protect DOLs legacy in the decisions you make now? Musically and personally Ain't gonna lie. We, we think the same way. Like before I even do certain stuff, I, I'll say to myself, I ask myself what would bro do? Or I just go with my gut. 'cause nine times out 10 it's, it's God let me know. So I ain't gonna go against it. So I be straight. The fact that you have a three yearold daughter, how does that impact the music for you?


Of course you talking now and you know, you breaking things down. So I know she daddy's girl. How does that impact your music? It don't affect my music too much because like my, my lifestyle is going to always be my lifestyle And I don't want her to just know her daddy is all the way, like Glock basically. Yeah. She, she know I'm an artist or whatever, but she don't, she don't know what I'm rapping about right now. You get what I'm saying? So it's just all fun of her. She don't even know I'm a celebrity. She's just, I'm dead as, so yeah. When you, when you moving around, do you, you feel, you see everything that's going on, especially in Memphis and, and anywhere really. LA and, and Atlanta. Do you feel safe being an artist? I ain't gonna lie bro.


Ain't no ain't nowhere safe. Like you gotta, you gotta be on on point wherever you go. Even if you in Denver, Colorado, like you can't let your guard down nowhere. You feel like Memphis is a place where they don't like to see their own? Ah, yeah, we, we crabs in the bucket for sure until you get to a certain extent. That's Interesting you said that. 'cause I always see people give you props for having a great ear for beats that fit into like that Memphis trap sound. Yeah. So how, how do you maintain that being that you're not there no more? It, It, it is really in me, bro. I ain't gonna lie. This I got years of, of music in me, like for my grandma uncles. It's just like all type of music, all type of sounds just just stuck with me. That's why I got like a, just a, a good effort.


Yeah. I like to single the Grinch. Right. Was there a period where you were feeling like that? Like you was feeling like, I guess just bitter and disgruntled and angry And I was an angry kid, bro. I was an angry kid only because like, my, my pops wasn't in my life. Like I knew him, but he wasn't being a father. And my mom, she was already incarcerated away from me. So I was raised by my grandma and my great-grandma. So there like only so much they can teach me, you know what I'm saying? So Did do, did you ever resent your mom for that? Like get mad at her? Yeah, of course. 'cause I was young. I was like, I don I ain't even, I don't even know what she did at the time thing. I was like, nah. I was like, it's it's your fault that you not with me.


Like I just, I was just basically just growing up and maturing, but I was still like pissed off a kid, you know what I'm saying? So I'm like, I'm having football games I got at school, I'm seeing mamas and daddies pulling up, you know what I'm saying? And supporting like, I'm one of the star players, but like, it's cool how my grandma pulling up, but it's like I wanted that, that feeling of my mother to see the like, you know what I'm saying? So Where are y'all relationship today? Best friend Backbone. I see y'all good now? Yep. Yeah, for Sure. So you forgive her, you understood? Yeah, of course, of course. I was just, I was just young bro. I didn't, I didn't understand, I didn't understand. How long did that take to, to forgive her, to understand when you had your first kid or? I was like, I was like 13 or 14.


Like I didn't know about no state and feds and stuff at that young of that age, bro. Like, I just knew I had to go visit her every week or every other week at this building with Barb Wire everywhere. My grandma taking me and we got go through medical Texas And I remember yesterday. Yeah. Yeah. Did they tell you that you was actually visiting her in jail? Did they say something like, oh, she's just Away? No, I wasn't like, we're gonna see your mama. Yeah. I ain't say nothing about No, but you Barb wise And I really didn't really say I didn't know, I know I wasn't stuck next Your mind like why you rather be here than with me at home? Yeah, it is like once I got older it start registering. It's like something ain't right. You know what I'm saying? Did she ever have a conversation with you? Like, this is what I did to be taken away from you?


Yeah. How old were you? 13, 14. Okay. If you don't Mind mind, basically when I could start understanding more, more, yeah. If you don't mind me asking, what did she get locked up For? You saying set it off? Yes, it was, it was some like that. Okay. Or two of her friends and our cousin been getting To the money. They they robbed the bank Money. They, they, they did some robbing. That's hard. Yeah. You ever thought about that before? No. You should make a movie about it. I'm the same word. They already did. Not from the Memphis perspective though. Yeah. Yeah. Nah, for real though. Hmm? She writing a book though. She writing a book right now. Did you ever Feel that same type of anger? When, when was tragically taken from us?


Man, I'm still mad, but I'm, I'm good though. I ain't gonna lie. I never, I never get over. I'm good. I learn how to accept it though. How does It feel every time it, it pops back up in the news. It feels like it gives you a chance to kind of release a Little. I hate, I hate seeing it. I ain't gonna lie. I just hate seeing it. Yeah. That's all I try my best to. Just to to stay off of the Y'all was actually family though. Y'all was cousins, right? Yeah. Match. Yeah, for sure. Yeah. So you, it, it would be hard for you to even have that kind of relationship with somebody else anyway. Kinda, kinda, yeah. Kinda. Did it bring you any sort of relief to see that, you know, when his killers were sentenced? I don't even wanna speak on it. Okay. Yeah. Yeah. I don I got gonna do.


I totally get it. Do you, do you put a lot of that in the music? What? Just the frustration, the anger. Like I probably did on one or two songs, but it was probably like one line. I ain't just go all the way in on it. Yeah. Because y'all just don't know this. Ride me somewhere else, bro. Yeah. Yeah. Have you tried to grieve properly though? Have you given yourself a chance to, is that, is that part of the year taking off the year too? I ain't gonna lie. I'm, I'm, I'm gonna grieve for life. Like I done accept it that I already know that, but it is not finna like, deteriorate me or make me, you know what I'm saying, do some, do something that I'm gonna regret. Right, right. Basically. Yeah. Should we be expecting any visuals? You know, your visuals go crazy, like on the movie Tips cinematically we going to expect any Actually just wait, I'm just waiting on this, this final to come through.


But yeah, I'm playing on dropping one. The Grinch? Yeah. Oh, okay. Did you ever think about doing short films, just like movies, anything like that? Yeah, I think I'm going like have to write my own, do my own because I ain't finna wait on nobody come come reach out. Yeah. Dolph had, he was doing Mo he was about to do a movie and yo, this is the craziest thing, going back to what you said about him creating opportunities for people. He had literally hit me up and asked me to be in a movie that he was about to make Or whatever. Yeah, man. And I, I really, really would've loved to, to do that. That's something that you, that you really been thinking about doing. Nah, for real. Getting into that. Yeah. So she wants you To continue on that relationship.


That's not I know how to talk. Got you. Let's, Let's get into a record what you want here down To play The Grinch. Hell yeah. Key Glock. Ladies and gentlemen, let's get to the Grinch. The album comes out May 2nd Glock and he Going on tour in May. Yeah. Starting May 21st. That's right. He's in Oklahoma City. Houston, Austin, Dallas, Birmingham, Charlotte, Atlanta, Nashville, Baltimore and New York. Baltimore. To make sure you pick up the album, pick up tickets and it's The Breakfast Club. It's Keylock Morning everybody. It's DJJ Envy. Just hilarious. Charlemagne the guy. We are The Breakfast Club and it's time for pass the a Dj.


Dj. What's up Nyla? What's up guys? Nyla Simone. Big Nyla. Yes. What's popping now? Certified Viber. Certified Viber. I like that. What's happen? I think I gotta use that as like a, a tribal name for The crew. Come on with this hair. I Like to her, I like to her raised, Say to Harris, I like the her giving, it's giving fly stud I love. No it's not. Why See See he don't even know what it is but he know it ain't right. Right. There you Go. But okay, so today I'm gonna start off with a record that's not necessarily new but I heard it in a coffee shop and it's from an artist that I really am a fan of.


Her name is Leia. She's actually from Staten Island and it's called, ain't Sat about it, but like the vibe is just super dope. Who that again? Yeah, Leia. She hard. That's hard. I That since she signed the Warner Brothers. Oh really? Yeah, It says she signed the Warner Bro. Warner Records. How you spell that? Nyla. LAYA. That's Leia A. It popped right up. I ain't said about it. Perfect. I like that. Yes. Okay. That's hard. Shout out to Layla Leia. Leia Lay shout out. That's the mess. Her name up. It just, It's early. It's early but okay. Yes, definitely makes you guys tune into Leia and shout out to Aura. Who produced it? One of my favorite or And you, You said you heard it in a A coffee. Coffee Shot in a coffee shop. Oh, that's dope. Yeah. Yeah, it came out last year.


But I actually had her a headline, a certified vibe. That's why I'm like, dang how I didn't know this but this was just a single, it wasn't on the project. I hate when I hear good records like that and they're not everywhere man. Why isn't that everywhere? Yeah, It will be after today. So makes you guys stream that next time we get into J's new record, you know he's been promoing for his new album and this song is called Work. That's For the mature twerk. I like that. Not that like that. Yeah, I like that. Definitely. Are you still on Dreamville? Nobody is on Dreamville. Really? Well When Earth King came in here, they told y'all that they're both managed by Barry. Okay. Neither one of them are on Dream. So JID Irv King. Damn. So there's no Dreamville? No. So there's no Just Dream now. No Bill, I don't, I don't know the details but I know for sure they are not on Dream Milk.


Wow. Yes. It's dope though. Yes, But okay, you like that? Yeah, I'm excited for the album. Yes. Jit always delivers. And then, okay, the last one is gonna be from Kai Cash. He's dropping his debut album. He just signed with Generation now and this project is produced by Don Cannon. So you already know it's gonna be phenomenal but the record I'm gonna shout out is called Handsome Hustler three For three. What's his name? Name I that as a drop. Three for three. Kai Cash. Kai Cash. I love the fact that they picked him up from he from Brooklyn too. He, so I love the fact that picked up somebody at Brooklyn Ice so SL to Don Cannon And I Yes. Drama in them.


Yes, Yes. I'm kidding now I'm feeling this. I gotta Hear more. Amazing. What do you mean you gotta hear more? I Hear more. I didn't. I didn't. I didn't. It's not whack. I just didn't, I gotta hear more ripping on any beat. Yeah, That's an sorry. It, it didn't grab me when I first It was not whack though. It's just like I just need to hear more. I Beat, I like the music. Like the instrumental is dope too. Lovely. Okay, good. Jess said I'm 3 53 so I'm not even gonna pay you No mind. Yes, music is subjective. Okay. Okay, well if you guys like what y'all heard, make sure you guys tune into the certified playlist. All you gotta do is click the link bio or go to certified vibe.com. It's available. Make sure you guys follow me on Instagram at Nyla Simone. That's NY.


L-A-S-Y-M-O-N-E-E-E. And make sure you guys subscribe to my podcast. We need to talk. I just dropped the interview with w Khalifa, which was super dope since I'm a huge blog fan, a blog era fan. I got to ask like fan questions from like my childhood and to getting into today's project. But his new Project is dope. It Is. It's so good. It's, Yeah, I like It. I think he did a good job recreating that feeling. But this weekend I'll be at the Black Effect Podcast Festival, so make sure you guys pull up on me there too. That's what's up. Yeah, I'll be in Atlanta. What You doing at this festival? I'll be a part of Jay Valentine and Tanks podcast RB Money. Hey, be prepared to sing. Okay, Go get your tickets. Black effect.com/podcast festival.


All right, when we come back, we got the mix. You throwback on the Friday, it's The Breakfast Club. Good morning, You are checking out The Breakfast Club. Morning everybody. It's D EJ Envy, Jess. Hilarious Charlemagne Ne guy. We are The Breakfast Club. Now Alute to Coco Jones for joining us this morning. Big Coco, what's the name around that? Why not Vincent? Not More. Why not more? Why not more and salute the key Glock. Glockaveli two will be out next, next Friday, right? Glockaveli not Glockaveli two. Just Glockaveli comes on May 2nd. Oh, May 2nd. Okay. I thought that was Glockaveli two. Why I thought that was No, because that the first one was glaucoma. Glaucoma, yeah. So salute the key Glock and and Coco Jones for joining us. All right. Yes. I just wanna salute Louis V.


Salute to Louis V. I'm gonna be in Atlanta. Me and the wife will be promoting our, our book, real Life Real Family. So we hitting up the Atlanta market then I know we going to Shy Town, going to la so we still touching those markets. So I can't wait to see you guys out there. So what's what that salute to Louis V. And I know Charlamagne gonna be out in Atlanta tomorrow. Man, salute to my guy Louis v. Louis V is providing the soundtrack at the third annual Black Effect Podcast Festival. Salute to our 96.1 family in Atlanta. And we'll see you tomorrow in Atlanta. Man, if you didn't get your tickets, that's not my fault. You've had several weeks to go out there and get your tickets, but Sarah Jakes Robinson is gonna be on that podcast stage tomorrow doing her woman of all podcast live. Cam Newton will be doing this funky Friday podcast Live the Good Moms Bad Choices podcast, the Trap Nerd podcast.


Carrie champion with Naked tanking j Valentine with the RB Money podcast and is hosted by Decisions, decisions, Mandy and Weezy. So we'll see you tomorrow in Atlanta at the third annual Black Effect podcast Festival. Man. Hey, and not only will your girl Jess, Hilarious be in Detroit for the pre Mother's Day comedy show, but I will be in Atlantic City, New Jersey, May 17th, that's on a Saturday at S Resort Atlantic City. Make sure you get your tickets at Jess Hilarious official.com. The show starts at eight, doors open at seven May 17th. Again, I will be in Atlantic City, New Jersey right down the street. So get y'all tickets. Alright, well you got a positive note, Charlemagne. I do, man.


The positive note is simple. It's okay to grow so much that nobody knows who you are anymore. Okay? Don't look to the approval of others for your mental stability. If you're rejected, move on. Don't shrink yourself to fit the person you've outgrown. Live in your purpose. Be your highest self. Have a blessed weekend. We'll see you tomorrow in Atlanta at the third annual Black Effect Podcast Festival. I like that. Yo Breakfast cup, bitches. Do y'all finish or y'all Done?


The best moments happen when you're with your people laughing, vibing, just enjoying life. Coke is making those moments even sweeter. A Coke is back and it's all about sharing with the whole crew. It doesn't matter if it's your bestie or bro, there's a can with their name on it. So grab one for the squad and make some memories. But hurry, because these Coca-Cola limited edition bottles and cans won't be here forever. Don't miss your chance to share a Coke with your favorite people.


Meetings, deadlines, emails. Don't you wish you could escape the chaos? That's where the all new Nissan Murano comes in with available features like the relaxing misogyny seats to ease stress and the beautiful skyline views that bring in natural light. It's like cruising in your personal oasis. And if you need to set a vibe, 64 colors of personalized lighting and a bows premium sound system. Have you covered? Hands down, the all new Nissan Murano is your stress-free getaway. Sometimes the greatest rush isn't rushing at all. Drive the all new Nissan Murano today. Panoramic, moonroof, ambient lighting, bows and massaging. Leather appointed seats are optional features.


Check out Pluto TV's, the Black Collective, a free and curated collection of black entertainment, including movies, shows and music, all featuring black talent, both on camera and behind the scenes. Watch classic movies like Boomerang Norman and paid in full binge series. Like Tyler Perry's Sisters in Power and Scream, the latest RB and hip hop music videos all for free on practically any device that's tons of your favorite entertainment that you can watch on your tv, tablet of phone, all for free. The Black Collective on Pluto tv. Scream Now, pay Neville.


Taking control of your career is empowering. Just don't tell my boss I said that. Building a career, is it just about a job job. It's about creating a path that impacts our community and future generations. Whether you're starting out or making big moves, State Farm is here to support you with resources to help protect what you're working hard to achieve. They've got your back every step of the way because like a good neighbor State Farm is there. Find out more at State Farm dot com.