
Taking control of your career is empowering. Just don't tell my boss I said that. Just kidding. I am the boss. This is Carlos Miller from the 85 South Show. And building a career isn't just about a job. It's about creating a path that impacts our community and future generations. Whether you're starting out or even making big moves, state Farm is here to support you with resources to help protect what you're working hard to achieve. They've got your back every step of the way because Like a good neighbor. State. Farm is there. Find out more@statefarm.com.


This is Coke Zero sugar. Could I be the best Coke ever? Try and taste with your ears here. Those bubbles, imagine them tingling on your top busy deliciousness. Listen to that cascading liquid. A mouthwatering waterfall, irresistibly, tasty, zero sugar, crisp, refreshing, and ice. Gold is Coke. Zero sugar. The best Coke ever. Try and decide.


You could sit there and listen to ads. Or you could take a moment to have a Diet Coke break. First, grab a chill diet Coke. 'cause if you want it to be perfect, it needs to be crispy. Next, get a big cup of ice. 'cause everyone knows Diet Coke is best served swimming in ice, then sip it slowly. Feel that burn and enjoy your break for as long as possible. When you need a break, don't forget to grab an ice cold Diet Coke and take a Diet Coke break.


You are ready for a comeback. And with Purdue Global, you can do more than take classes. You can take charge of your story, of your career, of your life. Earn a degree you can be proud of, and get an education employer's respect. It's time, your time, not just to go back to school, but to come back and move forward with Purdue Global Purdue's Online University for working adults. Start your comeback@purdueglobal.edu.


What's it like to get the new iPhone 16 Pro with at and t? Next up, anytime. It's like when you first light up the grill and think of all the mouth mouthwatering possibilities. Learn how to get the new iPhone 16 Pro with Apple Intelligence on at t and the latest iPhone every year with at t. Next up, anytime at t connecting changes everything. Apple Intelligence coming Fall 2024 with Sirn device language set to us English. Some features and languages will be coming over the next year. $0 offer may not be available on future iPhones. Next up, anytime Feature may be discontinued at any time. Subject To change additional fees, terms and restrictions, apply to att.com/iphone. For details,


Good Morning. USA Yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo, yo yo. Good morning, Lauren Osa. Good morning, Charlamagne. The Guys Peace to The Planet is Friday. Yes. Listen, man, Just hilarious is out on maternity leave. DJ Envy called in Sick today. So it's just me and LL Cool Bay this morning on this fine Friday. I feel blessed black and highly favored. Happy to be here to serve our listeners for another day. How you feel ll Cool Bay. I feel blessed as well. Happy to be here. Glad it's Friday finally. 'cause every day feels like Friday. You You Know you on video right now. I just wanted to make sure. Don't do that to me.


No, I'm just making sure this morning was eight. 'cause I'm what? You're putting It together. No, I'm, I'm getting my life together that you see me, Right? That's right. That's right. It's like, it's like the Mr. Mr. Potato heading. Got no accessories yet. But you putting them all. Fuck. Don't do that. Don't, don't. Because if we wanna talk about who in here look like Mr. Potato Head? There's three of us in, in here. Two of us eliminated. It looks like you Okay. Okay. You're right. All right. Yes. So late morning, late start this morning. But I'm here on time. Wow. I'm Prepared. What did you do last Night? And I didn't do anything last night. IPI packed. I'm flying to Virginia today. I'm going to North Carolina. I'm sorry. North Carolina. I'm gonna northfolk State University's homecoming. It's Alumni Fest. It's their homecoming weekend. And I'm hosting Alumni Fest. I packed, I fell asleep. I forgot to set my alarm. When is homecoming season over?


I, for me, this is the last one. Okay. This is the final tour stop on the Brown Girl Grinding Alumni Homecoming tour for the HBCU. So shout out to Norfolk State University. Wrapping it up for me. Do you have, do you have enough in you to get through today? I do. And the Night I do. I'm not tired. I just woke up late. Okay. So You know, but I got my lashes done last night, so thank God for that. Because I wanna, you, you, I know you can see the lashes on my face. You what happened? I know you. Yeah. You better squint potato head. Listen, we got a great show for you today. The Good Brothers Earth Gang will be here this morning. They got a new album, perfect Fantasy. It comes out on October 29th. So that he'll, they'll be here to discuss that.


And John Hol Bryant, who is the host of the Money and Wealth podcast, Arthur You know just a great businessman. He will be here along with Alex Rodriguez. So Alex Rodriguez. Yes. You know Hall of fame baseball player. Alex Rodriguez and John o' Bryant. They'll be here this morning as well to build with us here on The Breakfast Club. Okay. Okay. What we starting off with Red? I, I I came up. Oh, that's Gorilla Drop on a cruise bomb. I'm here. Okay. After energy, I'm on this morning, gorilla. Let Cook salute to the young lady. Dang. What's the young lady that was dressed up like Wednesday at Comic-Con? The real I remember her name when I come back. Yes. That made the real It's The Breakfast Club. Don't say what y'all say. I don't care what y'all say. Gloria. Glorious albums Flawless salute.


Lorena Parker. That's her name. Lorena Parker. She was dressed like Wednesday Adams at Comic-Con. And she was killing into that record. Let her Cook. That's the theme. You letting me cook today? You gonna mind your business? It depends. Oh, You know because every now and then I'm gonna put my finger in. I always trying to be in the kitchen and taste And I. Gotta taste it. I gotta see if the recipe, if it's, if it's, if it's going where it's supposed to go, I'll let You cook. I need that, that boiling pot of fa So I bet you said my kitchen. Damn. Let her cook. It's the world's most dangerous morning show to Breakfast Club Charlamagne to God. Lord LaRosa, DJ Envy is out sick, just hilarious is on maternity leave. But it's time for front page news, Morgan. Oh my gosh. What I walk into. Let me cook. Let me in the kitchen too. Okay. Nope. Come in.


You ain't even bring no groceries. See? See Here we go again. It's Friday. And why Don? She don't need 'em. Oh, okay. Thank you Lauren. I'm on the wait. So the countdown is on with election day Tuesday, November 5th, now 11 days away. And on top of the front page news is you making sure you exercise your right to vote. With that said, the race is close. Vice President Kamala Harris held a star study rally in Georgia on Thursday evening. Before the event, she spoke with reporters about restoring women's reproductive rights and signing a bipartisan board order bill into law to hear those comments from VP Harris. I intend to be a president for all Americans. And that includes paying attention. Yes to a fundamental freedom that has been taken away because of Donald Trump.


The freedom of a woman to make decisions about her own body. I will tell you that my highest priority is to put the resources into ensuring that our border is secure. Which is why I've been very clear. I'm gonna bring back up as president, that bipartisan board of security bill and make sure that it is brought to my desk so I can sign it into law. So during the rally, Harris reiterated to voters that she intends to get things done for the American people while she believes former President Trump will be focused on other matters. Let's hear those comments during the rally from VP Harris. It's either Donald Trump in there, stewing, stewing over his enemies list, or me working for you.


Checking off my to-do list. I said that. I said that so long ago. Donald Trump will be in there looking for revenge. Not only that, he's gonna be in there, You know pardoning himself, trying to get outta all his legal trouble. But once he does that, he's definitely can do that. I'm sure. Oh my God, there's nothing that he can't do. The Law is some magical stuff when you ain't Black, ain't it? No. No, man, I'm telling you, Donald, Donald Trump different. Like Donald Trump has even defied the laws as a white privilege. I've never seen anything like, ever like Donald Trump White. He out white man is the biggest white man. I'm not even joking. He's the greatest white man that ever looked. He is the Frankenstein monster of white supremacy. I never seen anything like that. Okay, Great Follow up. 'cause You know you be daddy, they grab that and another ad would Be running.


It's nothing I can do about it at this point. Oh Look, you said another ad would be running. And speaking of, what did you, what did you just say? A pardoning. He was actually saying that he would consider a pardoning hunter Biden if he's reelected. Which is like, that is so petty. Right. Okay. So anyways, during that rally, vice President Harris, she was proceeded by Barack Obama, Bruce Springsteen, Tyler Perry, and Samuel L. Jackson, who all took the stage to endorse her. Let's hear from Samuel Ed to L Jackson. Mother. Mother. We got 12 days to choose which way our country is gonna go from here, which way our future is going to go from here. And that's why I'm so proud to support our next president of the United States.


Calo. I don't even look at Samuel L. Jackson as a a celebrity. I look at him as a elder. That's a elder. A elder spokesman. Yeah. That's a grown ass man. You know, talking to us about what we should be doing. I I, I will listen to a elder E especially when he put a mother Effa on the back of it. Okay, let's get it to the other side of the aisle. Former president Donald Trump. He was on the campaign trail in Arizona, which is a battleground state. And he talked about firing VP Harris by voting. And he also addressed concerns about the border. Let's hear those comments from Trump's rally in Arizona. With your vote this November, we are going to fire Kamala Harris. We're gonna fire, get the hell.


We're gonna fire Kamala. We're going to get her outta here. We will stop all illegal immigration once and for all and at once, we will stop it immediately. We will be a free and proud nation once again. It's just amazing to me how we just go back to business as usual with Donald Trump every single time. Like all of the stuff we heard him say this week, You know you had a, a, a, the, the former joint chief of staff say I that Trump said I need the kind of generals that Hitler had. And we just back acting like he's a normal candidate. It's unbelievable. It's unreal. Well, Trump told the crowds America could face World War III if Harris is elected president.


He told the crowd he would end immigration and electrical vehicle mandates on day one. He also emphasized the need for America to be energy independent and said his administration will increase fracking. He ended by encouraging the crowd to get out and vote, saying he needs this election to be too big to rig. So yeah, there you have it on both sides of the aisle. What's going on with your presidential candidates? That's your front page news for 6:00 AM Stick around. There's more happening at 7:00 AM We'll get into what's going on with the Menendez brothers. Oh my Gosh. That's right. Thank you, Morgan. Now it's time for Get it off your chest. That's the part of the show where if you got something on your chest that you want to vent about, you can call up and do that.


If you wanna call up here and tell us why you are blessed black and highly favored like myself, I'm blessed white and highly favored. I'm blessed. And whatever you are in favor, you could do that too. People say blessed white and highly favored if they feel like it. I don't Think that's against the church. 1 805 8 5 1 0 5 1 is the world's most dangerous morning show. The, Breakfast. Club. The. Breakfast. Club. Ray. Ray. Ray. Yo. Charlamagne Envy. What up are we live? This is your time to get it off your chest. I got an indoor pool, a outdoor Pool. We want to hear from you on The. Breakfast. Club. We Can get on the phone right now. Here, tell you what, it's We live. Get it off your chest. Who's this? Good morning. This is Ashley. Can you hear me? Yes, we can hear you.


Ashley. Good morning. Good morning. Good morning y'all. So I wanted to get off my chest. I live in upstate New York and my sister moved to Florida like nine years ago and she's getting married on Saturday. And I wasn't able to make the wedding, but I wanted to see if y'all could give her a shout out. You said your sister is getting married? Yes. Actual mom, actual blood, biological sister. My Blood sister. And you wasn't ab able to make the wedding. I needed to know the reason. Must be the reason. Of course. So my, my kids are, I didn't have somebody to bring with me so my kids wouldn't, I couldn't bring them to the reception. Her nieces and nephews? Yes.


Wow. I never heard that before. I Never, is it like a, does she say like no kids allowed or is it like a head count thing or something? No, No. My, my youngest son is, he's special needs And. I needed another person to bring me to. Got you. Okay. Got you. Did she have you in the wedding at all? No. I wasn't gonna be a part of the wedding. Oh, she don't really like you. Yes, she do. Don't, don't, don't, don't answer him sis like you. It's your sister. Ma'am. Charlamagne don't do me like that. 'cause I love you for a long time. I love you too, ma'am. I'm just asking a question. How are you? But what, what, what do you wanna do? You wanna shout her out? What do you wanna send her edible arrangement? What are we gonna do? I actually wanted y'all to shout her out. Okay. What's her name?


Her name is Natasha. Peace. Natasha, congratulations on your upcoming nuptials. I wish you a long, long, prosperous marriage. And if you want to DM me and tell me why you really didn't want your sister at the wedding, feel free to do that too, because I know there's always two sides to Story. Well, congratulations. Don't let the devil bring you down. That's crazy. I know. I was thinking the same thing as soon as you throw the story. That's crazy. But thank you ma'am. I hope she, I hope that Hey, Charlamagne, thank you. I love you guys too. We love you too. Have a great day. Get it off your chest. Who's this? Good morning. This Is Michelle from Hey Michelle, South Carolina 8, 4, 3. What's happening home?


Hey Charlamagne, I was just wanting to say that I was so upset by the recent comment that my son made about you. What'd he say? He said, I don't, I don't care for Charlemagne because he's voting for Trump. I am not voting for no damn Trump. Who said that? Where'd he get that from? Well, Well, lemme explain now. He said he heard something I guess that was put out there. And I was like, no, that's misinformation. I am not voting for Donald Trump. I am voting for Vice President Kamala Harris. I have been supporting Kamala Harris. Right? And I explained that to him. He does. He even, I I had, I had God bless. I had me and the vice president, we've been in Somerville, South Carolina together when she unveiled her mental health plan, me and the vice president have been at South Carolina State's home coming together.


That was back in 2020. Like I rock with the vice President. Why they be throwing that red hat on you like that? I have no idea That head's shiny. They trying d your life. But tell him he ain't gotta worry about that. Tell him I'm voting for the vice president. Truth. You have a good Day. You too. Where do people get this kind of information from? Like, where did they come to these conclusions at How many times have I given Donald Trump donkey today? How many times have I called Donald Trump a fascist before it was even a thing to call him a fascist? What are we talking about here? 1 805 8 5 1 0 5 1. If you wanna get something off your chest, if you wanna vent, if you wanna tell us why you're blessed, call us right now. It's the world's most dangerous morning show. The, Breakfast, Club The Breakfast Club. This is your time to get it off your chest.


Whether you're mad or blessed, I Hate the way that you walk, the way that you talk. I hate the way that you dress. Everything with me is best. Call up next (800) 585-1051. Not just me. I'm with the coach of feeling. Get it off your chest. Who's this? Good morning Lord. Have mercy. You are a morning person. You done had your Starbucks this morning? No, no, No, no, no. First of all, I ha I I call all the time. This is the first time in 15 years that I ever got through. So I'm just excited. Okay. The first time in 15. All right. In 15 years that I Listen, talk to y'all. Okay. We been Around long. Everybody come back, get y'all in the back door.


Letting only other people get the backdoor number. And all us small people can't, can't get on. I don't Appreciate that. Nobody has the backdoor number. I don't even know that You know what's so crazy. I, I've been working there 15 years. I don't even know the back line number. I got the back line number. You do? Alright. Alright. Alright. That's what Y'all say. What's your name? Welcome. My name is Crystal, the Bronx. Hey Crystal from the Bronx. So a couple of things could get off my chest. My birthday is next week Wednesday. Okay. So this is an early birthday gift to me from y'all. Okay. Happy born day. Happy early born day. Thank you. Charlemagne. I met you at the Mental Wealth Expo. I told you that. I didn't realize you were this short in person. Yes. I'm five foot six. That looked thick. I thought that's what you was about to say.


Didn't it sound like that? It sound you was about to go there. Anything else ma'am? Yes. But I'm so glad I got to meet you and it was a really great event. Thank You for coming. I Want people to stop. Thank no, thank you for having it. Thank you for having it. And, I wanted to say that I need for the black man to step up and stop complaining about what Kamala are not gonna do. I don't know why they hate their mother so much. Get out and vote for, for the right person. Okay. I I this is not a game. I agree. It's not a game. I agree that there, there's only one person to vote for, but we have to stop putting that false narrative on black men. And the reason I say that is because black men are always the second largest voting block for Democrats.


Always. There, there, there's never been a time that hasn't been the case. Even in 2016 when Hillary Clinton ran, 85% of black men voted for her. So I don't know why we are letting people put this narrative out there that black men not gonna show up. Meanwhile, 52% of white women You know voted for Trump in 2016. 55% of white women in 2020. And ain't nobody calling them them white women out. Why you ain't calling Karen and Becky out? She don't care if I Well, I'll go. I I called Carrie and Becky out. I went to the rally in dc And I called them all out. Yes ma'am. On they ps. But the problem is that we also have a lot of black rappers that are out here talking about they support Trump and not Kamala. So that's a problem for me. I get it. 'cause they influence the generations that we have.


So it's not just a a black man thing, but I just feel like there's a lot of misogyny in our community and we need to work that out. They need to deal with their trauma and deal with their mamas and then come back and vote the right way. There is a lot of blacker there. There's black conservatives out there. But I I think that, that the number is gonna be is, is very overstated. I just can't see it. And I could be proven wrong in a couple of weeks, but I just don't see You know. I just don't see it. But thank you for calling. Get it off your chats. Who's this? Yo, What's good Charlamagne? What's up my brother? What's up Lauren? Hey, good morning. I got up. I wanna say, can we drop a clue for, for Red for not playing Friday for the first song this morning Friday. But we could have played Gorilla Friday. It's, it's a, it's a perfect day for Friday.


No, listen, we're tired of that song. We do not wanna hear that song no more. We don't wanna hear Kendrick Lamar no more. That's it. Thomas on a new Have you heard Gorilla's album? Glorious? Not Yet. But you gotta listen. I think it's a classic. I'm gonna be honest with you. All right. And I got one more thing to get off my track. Yes Sir. I wanna know how much Kamala Harris team is paying you to talk about her every single day. Nothing but You know. 'cause I if you, if you, if you've been paying attention, I've been supporting her since 2018. She first came on The Breakfast Club in 2018 when she was a senator when she ran for president. Yeah. But The problem is, every time somebody call up and say something, you kind of bash them.


I'm gonna tell you this. I'm a, I'm a Democrat, but I voting for Trump this year. Not because I know, basically get this country back in shape. And the good thing is we only gonna vote, we only gonna deal with him for four years. Al Harris. We're gonna have to deal well for eight years. And we're not trying to do that. I'm not even here to argue with you because you have fought it. How? I didn't hang up on him, by the way, that wasn't me. That was red. Okay. At He done Shout at you out. I had nothing to do with that. Okay. Get it off your chest. 1 805 8 5 1 0 5 1. Thank you for calling during Get it off your chest, Lauren. Yes sir. We got justice with the mess coming up.


Yes, we do. Actually, yesterday Little Dirk was arrested yesterday, little Dirk was arrested in Florida on Murder for Hire charges in connection. A whole bigger plot involving Kwando Rondo's family member. It's, it's a lot. We gonna get into it. Damn. All right. We'll talk about it when we come back. Mr. The Breakfast Club The Breakfast Club. Yes. Mr. World's most dangerous morning show. The Breakfast Club Charlamagne. The God Lauren LaRosa. DJ Envy is out sick today. Jess hilarious is on maternity leave. So it's just us. Now we about to talk about Lil Dirk News is real hilarious. Jessica Robin Moore. Just don't do no lying.


Don't nobody Worldwide, just worldwide mess on The Breakfast Club. She's the Lauren. Lauren And. I got the mess. Talk To me Man. So this is breaking news. This started breaking late yesterday. So first, well, little Dirk has been arrested and charged with Murder for hire. Now I wanna back it up a bit. So previous to Little Dirk being arrested, there were five other men that were arrested late Friday, Thursday evening. And these five men were five men that are reportedly connected to OTF, which is Little Dirk's like, I don't know what we call it.


That's his label. That's that's his group. That's his, that's his entourage, that's his crew. So these are OTF members and they were indicted by the feds in California. Now these five men that were indicting indicted are facing charges of conspiracy to commit murder for hire, committing murder for hire, resulting in death, as well as the use of carry and discharge of firearms and a machine gun and furtherance of a crime of violence resulting in death. Now the death that is being referred to here by this, these five men is the cousin of rapper Kondo Rondo. Now, if you guys remember some years back, king Von, who was also like a brother, very close to little Dirk, was killed in an incident in Atlanta. He was shot and killed after there was like a fight that broke out.


The, the person in the people involved in that were connected to Kondo Rondo. And there's been just this huge back and forth between the two directly, indirectly since that happened. So what the feds are alleging is that following all of that, this retaliation, there was a retaliation that was planned allegedly by the OTF members to get back at Kwando Rondo to kill him. And they were hired to do so allegedly, but that went wrong. And instead they killed Kwando Rondo's cousin in LA on accident. Now forwarding it to little Dirk. So when this news broke, of course everybody like is like, wait, where? So what's gonna happen?


The World Is constantly changing. It's up to you to decide how to respond. Choose to be bold. Try something new. Choose to reinvent yourself. That's what Nissan did with the all new totally re-imagined kicks the dynamic new exterior styling immediately announces that Nissan isn't messing around the interior. A completely redesigned cabin with premium features like wireless apple car play. And a panoramic moonroof makes driving a kicks immersive and exciting. And with new performance and safety features like intelligent all-wheel drive, the kicks is both more fun and safer to drive than ever before. It's the dawning of a brand new era for the Nissan kicks. Only one question remains. Is it a new era for you as well? Drive the all new reimagine Nissan kicks today Available feature. Bose is a registered trademark of the Bose Corporation. Nissan Safety Shield technologies can't prevent all collisions or worn in all situations. See owners manual for important safety information.


Hey fam, this is Carlos Miller from the 85 South Show. If you're like me, you are always thinking about how to level up your career. Maybe you're fresh outta college, just starting in your field or even looking to switch things up and find your true calling. Whatever stage you're in, remember that this is your time to grow, to learn, and to build something that lasts. State Farm understands that early career development is key to long-term success. They've been a steady presence in our community and they know having the right support early can make all the difference. State Farm is there to help you make smart moves and to help you get the coverage you need. We all know that the journey to success is a marathon, not a sprint. It's all about staying focused, staying grounded, and making sure you're protected every step of the way. Let's build our careers with confidence knowing that State Farm is there to support us just like they've always been because Like a good neighbor. State Farm is there. Find out more@statefarm.com.


What does it feel like to get the new iPhone 16 pro with at and t? Next up, anytime. It's like when you first pick up those tongs and you are now the one running the grill, it's indescribable like something you've never felt before. All the mouthwatering anticipation of new possibilities, whether that's making a perfect cheeseburger or treating your family to a grilled baked potato, which You know will forever change the way they look at potatoes with at t. Next up, anytime you can feel this way again and again, learn how to get the new iPhone 16 Pro with Apple Intelligence on at and t and the latest iPhone every year with at t. Next up, anytime at t connecting changes, everything. Apple Intelligence coming fall 2024 with Sirn device language set to us English. Some features and languages will be coming over the next year. $0 offer may not be available on feature iPhones. Next up, anytime Feature may be discontinued at any time, subject to change additional fees, terms and restrictions, apply to att.com/iphone For details.


I get it. The cost of rent, groceries and utilities is too high. So here's what we're gonna do about it. We will lower housing costs by building more homes and crack down on landlords charging too much. We will lower your food and grocery bills by going after price gougers for keeping the cost of everyday goods too high. I'm Kamala Harris And I, approve this message because you work hard for your paycheck, you should get to keep more of it as president. I'll make that my top priority.


The summer is heating up. So the next time you pop open a Coca-Cola or Coke Zero sugar. Prepare for ice cold drops from Coke Studio, new music from your favorite artists and their latest hits with drops from new jeans. Carol G and Peggy Goo Plus live performances at the biggest festivals of the year. Grab taste that moves you. Scan your Coke or Coke, zero sugar 12 ounce can and unlock magic music moments all year long, no purchase necessary. 13 plus in 50 US DC and Canada. 18 plus for select prizes ends October 31st. Rules, eligibility and prize. availability@coqrl.com slash Studio USA. Promo copyright 2024, the Coca-Cola Company


With Dirk. Right? So then a few hours later it was confirmed via the Broward County Jail website. And as of 6:55 AM today, this is Friday, October 25th, little Dirk is still in custody in the Broward County Jail per their jail online system. We have the license, the records here. So What's the charge? The charge. He is listed as he's being charged with Murder for Hire. He is being held. The description says he's being held for US Marshals. And whenever you are listed as being held for US Marshals as an inmate, that means that you being extradited, yes you are being extradited, you are a federal prisoner, but you're just being locked up by a local agency who is working with the feds to ensure that you get to where you need to go.


So they're gonna, I'm I'm sure gonna take 'em to California where the other five men are being indicted at that this time there's no bond to amount of course because it's being extradited. And there is a mugshot that was released as well too. So, And that's not the, it's not the Feds, right? He said it's the, So Broward County Jail is not the feds, but when you are in custody of or being held for you as marshals, that means that you are a federal prisoner. This is a federal situation that he will be involved in. Now there is no more details on the actual murder for hire charges. A lot of us reporters and just people are kind of piecing things together because his crew members get the murder for Hire indictment and then he gets a locked up in Florida local agency murder for hire.


So putting two and two together. But I'm pretty sure by the time I would say latest 9:00 AM we'll hear more. I have reached out to two attorneys that were listed for Dirk. I reached out to reps for him yesterday who immediately told me no comment. So I knew something was going down. This was before he even popped up in the jail system. So I was just kind of looking out to see what would happen. So was he Part of one of the five initially or was It No, the five are are separate from Dirk, like altogether. But this is just like, you never wanna see something like this happening. Right. But I think it's very unfortunate. Very unfortunate. But You know also, I think the timing is insane because Dirk just tweeted not too long ago, maybe a month ago, about everybody getting a second chance at life because his background was completely wiped. He said everybody should get second chances at life.


It's about what you do with it. My background wipe clean of all cases. I'm not a felon anymore. Who would've thought I wanna thank everyone who helped push my vision forward, thank you. From the bottom of my heart. And since then, he's actually been doing a lot of community stuff recently for his birthday, his birthday is October, I believe it's October 19th for the 18th. He held a huge prayer, visual, a day of Unity in Chicago right before his big concert that he normally does. I think it's called like Dirk and Friends in Chicago, which was like, there were tons of people there. It was all over the place. So the timing of all is just, this is just like, whoa. Yeah, it's unfortunate. I pray it's not true. I don't have an opinion until I You know, get more information. But if it's true, that would be incredibly sad. Yeah, for sure. I mean, I, I don't think anybody can really have an opinion until this is You.


know what I mean? Gotta see what happens. But as we've seen in like the indictment of Young Thug, these things take time. So it's like now he's gonna be there away from his family, his kids, all of that until all of this is sorted out. So we will keep you guys updated again. I mentioned that I did reach out to some, some people on Dirk's side just trying to figure out. I'll also reach out to, 'cause I was confused about where he was als also at, I thought it was gonna be in Chicago or California. And. I was reaching out there and he's in Florida. So we'll keep you guys updated and let You know, You know what, what else is going to be happening because man never wanna see it. But this is what's, yeah. Now I have a question for you though. If, if all of this, 'cause I was thinking about this too. When they do these big indictments, they try and connect you any way possible.


The smallest to the largest. And they're alleging that they use OTF money to arrange flights and all these different things to acquire weapons to do all of this. If they cannot directly connect Dirk and he is let go free, even if Thug is let go free and all this stuff he's looking at and Georgia right now, how does this impact them career wise? Like, because we normally, when people throw charges at you and things like this, it sticks even if you're not proven guilty, right? How does this impact them Or does it, is it what you mean? I I have no idea. I'm not, I don't, I don't do those type of things. I have no idea what you mean break mouth, I mean just as a per, so what I'm asking is, is like, okay, for instance, and not that had nothing to do with murder, but just looking at like a, and I'm asking specifically black men, right? Just looking at like a Jonathan Majors. Okay. Right.


Jonathan Majors. Oh, For Dirk, it won't, I mean for somebody like Dirk, I don't think this will have any effect on him. 'cause he's a rapper And, and You know what I, And, I was thinking about how crazy that is, right? He's A rapper. I mean he's like, I mean what just it's rappers make their money off shows and, and record sales and consumers still support. But also a big thing is, and They have no reason not to support him. He's innocent until proven Guilty. I know, but I'm saying Right. Even though he's innocent until proven guilty. If he walks away from this clean, hey they brought him in, but they can't link him to anything. Yeah. That's What I would hope because I, 'cause this could be a situation where those guys got picked up and decided to implicate little dirt for whatever reason. Right. But I mean, I don't know if that's the case, but that could be the, the the case.


But remember the other day we were talking about the ex CEO of Abercrombie and Fitch. We actually mentioned that earlier this morning, Morgan did, who's out On, on $10 million bond. And the story has gone away just like I told y'all it would. Right? 24, 48 hours ago. And I. And, and what I think is so crazy is when you look at like a, again, the charges are different, but like a Jonathan Majors, I don't think his career will ever, the trajectory will always be different because of You know his case that he went through, right. But when you look at like a little Dirk, if, if little Dirk walks away from this clean, and even if not, and he, hopefully he does, but even if not, and then he returns, he's gonna be ggl like, almost like glorified in a different way because he's a rapper. And the different, like, just the different imagery and, and brand stuff that people throw on these rappers and artists. It's just crazy how all of that works and goes And I don't know.


I'm saying about you Talking about the double standard that exists within the media. A hundred percent media, How they can demonize and villainize people when they choose to A hundred. I I swear on the ride in I'm like, man, that's crazy. It's like, But we Don't, he'll be, he'll be glorified by some, victimized by others. But once again, we don't, we don't know anything. Yeah. We shouldn't even have an opinion. 'cause You know it's, we don't, we don't, we don't have any that much information. We don't Yeah. But just some thoughts I had this morning when I was You know looking into all this writing and like, man, I get it. Yeah. But we'll You know again, we'll keep you guys locked. So You know, stay right here for all of the news and the updates. 'cause we will have them. That's Right. Front page news is up next and we got Alex Rodriguez and John Hope Bryant joining us next, now, next this hour. So don't go anywhere. It's the world's most dangerous morning show to Breakfast Club The Breakfast Club.


Your mornings will never be the same. Yes, it's the world's most dangerous morning show to Breakfast Club Charlemagne tha God. Lauren Osa, just hilarious is out on maternity leave and DJ Envy called in sick today. So it's just us two. But we got Morgan Woods on the line for front page news. Morgan, what's happening? What's happening? What's happening is election day is 11 days away. And at the top of the front page news, it's you making sure you exercise your right to vote. With that said, let's get into some other news. Nothing too political. The Menez brothers, Eric and Lyle may be re-sentenced for their murder case. Of course, these brothers are accused or have been convicted of killing their parents at their Beverly Hills mansion in 1989.


Other request was made by the Los Angeles District Attorney George Gascon. Let's hear more from him in regards to the case. The reason why I'm here today and why I came in front of all of you about 10 days ago is because there was a more recent documentary about the case that again brought a tremendous amount of public attention. I have to tell you that after a very careful review of all the arguments that were made for people on both sides of this equation, I came to a place where I believe that under the law re resentencing is appropriate. We're gonna recommend to the court that the life without the possibility of parole be removed and that they would be sentenced for murder.


So The brothers claim sexual and physical abuse from their father as the reason they killed their parents at their Beverly Hills mansion in 1989. A re-sentencing could pave the way for the release of brothers Eric and Lyle. But first it has to be approved by a judge. They would be immediately eligible for parole because they were sentenced when they were under 26. Now George Gascon, again, the LADA says he came to the decision after examining new evidence that backs their abuse claim. He says they do meet the CRI criteria to be released from prison having been rehabilitated and they can safely be released into the community. They are not a threat to the community or at least not deemed a threat to the community.


What do you guys think about this? You know all because of a recent, I wanna say the Netflix documentary. Oh, so that's what it was like. I mean I I yeah, I didn't know what was going on. It was A spiral and things. I think it was like law changing, right? I think it was the, the Netflix doc and like true crime stuff on them has been out for some time. I know Kim Kardashian has been speaking out a lot about it. Like people have been like involved a lot. But I think the law changing stuff has a lot to do with it too. So it was Kim Called Kardashian and the documentary. Yeah. But So, but the, the, the build that was passed, that was in 2015. So it's been some time, like it's, it's been some time, time. I don't really know everything that kind of like led to the big turnaround this time. But it's been a a like a of thing Supposedly the the sexual and physical abuse claims, which, which may look at them in a light as a victim as opposed to them actually being You Know.


That's true though. I mean that, I mean yeah, that's true. I mean I haven't really been paying that much attention to the story, but I mean if, if, if that is the case, yeah. Eventually somebody gonna snap if they've been constantly getting sexually abused their whole life. Right? Right. I would think yes, absolutely. Well, let's switch gears a little bit. The three men convicted of killing, let's say his name, ah, Maud Arbery. The audacity of these guys are asking for a new trial. Father and son, Travis and Gregory McMichael and their name neighbor William Roddy Bryan are back in the Georgia courthouse for a hearing on their request. The McMichael chased Arbery, a 25-year-old black man in their pickup truck on February of 2020 before shooting and killing him. Now Brian recorded cell phone video of the shooting.


Now the convicted murderers attorneys are making arguments about a tainted jury and ineffective counsel in an effort to get a new trial. Thoughts on that? I know like the law is supposed to be fair to everybody and all that stuff or whatever, but I feel like certain people shouldn't even be able to do stuff like this. It's like a slap in the face. Like some stuff is just like laid out very plain. And like when you said his name, I remember watching the video of of him and I'm just a person in the media. So imagine his mom having to just rethink this because somebody thinks that they should be allowed to walk free after doing that to somebody. I don't think that that's fair at all. And I hope that whatever they're claiming is gets overlooked is not true. Something And bringing things home to New York in a more positive fashion.


Of course the New York Liberty now holds the keys to the city following their historic WNBA championship win. Thousands of ecstatic fans, many decked out in liberty, seafoam Green Galled for a rally yesterday at city Hall where the championship trophy was on display. And New York City mayor Eric Adams spoke. Let's hear from him. Congratulations to Liberty. I'm going to be so proud giving out the key to the city to go with this amazing trophy. Keep doing the great thing you're doing. Let's win it again next year. Thank you very much. I like that kind of energy. New York governor Kathy Hoko also spoke at the celebration about the power of the woman. Let's hear from Governor Hoko And not just the thousands of little girls who now can see themselves as possibly rising up to this great position or knowing that there's nothing they can't do because the women have won.


Now let's not sit here and act like any woman can do what they do now. Okay? You gotta be a certain height first of all. Okay? Oh, alright. Let's be clear. Alright. Arm Park guard's able to be short A little bit shorter. Yeah, not that short. I don't think so. You still Gotta, you guys have those handles though. You know you need the kids Listening this morning. That's Uncle Charlotte with all the inspiration And hope. I'm just letting You know, like You know the average height of A-W-N-B-A player is six feet. So let's start there. Okay, Why don't we, why I was gonna say you wanna start there? Why don't we go ahead and wrap things up with MVP, John Quel Jones. She's also spoke about the moment. Let's hear more from John Quel before we wrap. Everybody is sacrificed. Everybody is really poured into the team to make sure that we will end up being successful and now we have the ultimate prize.


We have something that can never be taken away from us. And that's what it's all about. John Quel Jones is six six. This. Wanna throw that out there? Okay. You know sometimes we just say things You know And I. Understand why we say 'em because they sound inspirational. But we still have to be realistic. Okay? Yeah, I Hear that. I just wanna throw that out there And shout out to Ellie who definitely held it down all season for the New York Liberty, the mascot, the elephant. She is just absolutely too adorable. And at that ceremony yesterday, she did actually have the mayor hold her purse. I said that yesterday. I was like she was, she'd definitely be going off. But Now all girls can aspire to be Ellie. Now, okay, hold up. Not all girls. I'm just saying all guys too.


Everybody can be Ellie. You can be Ellie. Go Ahead Ellie. All right, so that's your front page news. I'm Morgan Wood. Happy Friday. Y'all follow me on social at Morgan Media. M-O-R-G-Y-N-M-E-D-I-A. And for more news coverage, make sure you are following at Black Information Network. Download the free iHeartRadio App and visit us@bnnews.com. Happy Friday. Thank you. Morgan and You know I forgot to do the sports squads at the top of front page news, but the Los Angeles Rams beat the Minnesota Vikings last night, 30 to 20. And tonight is Game one of The World series with the New York Yankees taking on the Los Angeles Dodgers at 8 0 8 PM Eastern. And we have a New York Yankee legend pulling up to The Breakfast Club right now. His name is Alex Rodriguez.


He'll be here with my man John O'Brien, who is the host of the Money and Wealth podcast on the Black Effect iHeart Radio podcast network. We'll talk to them both when we come back. It's The Breakfast Club The. Breakfast Club. Morning everybody. It's DJ Envy. Just hilarious. Charlamagne, the guy We are The Breakfast. Club Jess as on maternity leave. So Lauren LaRosa is filling in and we got some special guests joining us back in the building. Yes indeed. We got the brother John Hope Bryant, he's back. Welcome back. Honored to be here. And also Arod. Alex Rodriguez. Welcome. Great to be here. A Lot, lot of money, lot of intelligence between y'all two. How did this happen? This connection? Well, whatever you try to make smart, sexy You know it attracts You know like, like attracts like You.


know on mindset. You know this is, all of us are up from nothing. By the way, all of this story is the same thing. That you can go from the bottom to the top legally, ethically, honestly. Pay your taxes. Do your stuff go from from cash to check to writing the check. So Alex's story and mine are very similar. Like we had very strong mothers who were great influences. Our lives we're both extremely nosy. Quincy Jones, how'd you get so smart? I'm just nosy as hell. I wanna know everything about everything. And when he got his first check in baseball, he wouldn't ask magic. Like, okay, how do I turn this from a check to some wealth? And so we started talking to the folks on the, the front row at the games with business people. And he would trade his influence for lunch.


Mm. I'll go to lunch with you. I just need to ask you a bunch of questions. That's what Matthew used to do. And it was just brilliant because he gained a business acumen from that got a basically NBA while he's playing the baseball. Used that to then buy some real estate and then buy some more. I think you worked the first piece of real estate yourself, didn't you? Yeah, A duplex. Duplex for 250,000. So we did a financial literacy episode on Money and Wealth, which You know something about is it's on the Black Effect network. That's right. Make sure you subscribe to that. Yeah. It's actually episodes out this week. We did this, this episode together on financial literacy. 'cause we both believe it's a civil rights issue of this generation. You know better. You do better. And we're talking about black and brown wealth. How do you, how do you, how does black and brown create some green at scale?


It's a conversation that many folks don't have. Most athletes go broke. 70% Wow. Of all NBA and NFL players bankrupt within five years of retirement and divorced. So this brother just defying all the odds. He's cool. He's a, he's a humble dude. He wanted to meet you guys. He's been up here Before. Hey Rob been up here before. Oh yeah, yeah, yeah. But he he wanted to get into it. He wanted to, he wanted I love the show. Yeah. He wanted to get into it. Go to another level. And so it's a, it's a, it's a beautiful family. Re re reunion. Well, Let's, let's jump right into it. So You know what gave you the mindset to say, I want to learn more about investing and making sure that I have wealth after retirement. Was it the fact that you've seen so many athletes go broke? Was it the fact that you said, I'm never going back to where I was or what was it that said, I want to be different from 70% of those other athletes?


I, I would say I saw my mother work at General Motors for about 12 years. She would have the early shift at three o'clock in the morning to two come home nap for two hours and then go serve tables at nights at midnight. And I saw this for years and years and years. And I think my life changed. One day we were at Publix, which is a supermarket down in Miami. I was about 12 years old and the bill's about $75. And I see her grab some of her tip money and she's got like $56 or whatever, And I see that she, she's missing like 20, 25 bucks and she goes into another pocket in her purse and grabs what I call funny money. And I said, mom, what is that funny money? It's like red. I've never seen money like that. Don only monopoly. And she kind of with shame in her face, looked down and she goes, son, the government's helping us out a little bit this month.


And it, it changed my life. I mean, I can feel it today. And I know so many families out there have felt this. And that's kind of where my ambitious grew. Is that what we used to call food stamps? Yeah, Yeah, yeah. Food stamps. Food stamps. Remember they were paper food Stamps. But I never seen it because it wasn't green. Right. And I think she would hide it from me. We were probably in food stamps for years. She just never You know, disclosed that with me. And then like John said, I met with one of my heroes and mentors and great friend now Magic Johnson about 30 years ago. And he was going out to dinner with Cookie and it was near LA Rodeo Drive, I think Mastro or something. And it was supposed to be a 30 minute meeting. We met for three hours. He called Cookie and said, I'm not coming home. And years later I said, magic, why'd you gimme like three hours? And I left with nine notes of paper that I still have today.


He said, 'cause you're one of the few athletes that came in all business on time. That's right. No phone. And you were taking notes. That's right. So you were engaged. So I engaged with you. So that's my message to the next generation. It's just like, the reason why I played baseball for so long is the fundamentals, whether it's Jordan or Tiger or LeBron or Magic or Bird, whoever is fundamental in sports, that makes you great. The same thing as in business. You gotta know the rules of engagement. And our young folks, while they're getting better, there's a lot of room for growth to understand the way that money works and the relationship with money in financial literacy. So from day one, did you blow any money? Like, like when you first got your first big check, did you blow any of it? I was fortunate that I played for almost 25 years. So I would say from age 20 to 30, I made a bunch of mistakes.


And then what I realized, like sports, when we won the championship with the Yankees in oh nine, we, we had a squad and we were as solid as anyone. And in business the same thing. You gotta create an incredible team that are way smarter than you, that have complimentary set of skills. But at the end of the day, you're the quarterback of that team. So then I put my lesson behind me and, and it's been pretty good ever since. What Was the dumbest thing you bought when you, when you first became and made all that money in, in, in Major league baseball? Well, I'm from Miami. So boat, a band and a Rolex. If you're from Miami, you need a Rolex. That's the Gold standard. Rolex not dumb, You resell that. So by the way, me, him and Don Peoples who's been on the show a few weeks ago, the three black men I know, black and brown, same thing.


We're all, we're all same family who have a couple hundred million dollars in a loan facility for real estate on a as You know this, a non-recourse basis, which means there's no personal guarantees. That's credibility. And that's where we need to go. Like you make money during the day, you build wealth in your sleep. And too many of us hooked have hooked on that. I wanna get that dollar, I wanna get that cash. We get that book and we get that bag. It's useless. It's, it's it, it's called literally cash flow. And if you're outflow exceeds your inflows and your overhead will be your downfall. And if, and if you don't understand financial literacy, somebody's gonna separate you from your wallet. And this, there's just more zeros attached to it the first year. Every athlete spends everything together. Yeah, right. It's just every You know. It's just, it's natural You know, growing up in Queens, there was nobody around me making money.


Right. We were all the same. We didn't know anything about financial literacy. Right. My son goes to University of Miami


The World is constantly changing. It's up to you to decide how to respond. Choose to be bold to try something new. Choose to reinvent yourself. That's what Nissan did with the all new total Reimagined kicks. The dynamic new exterior style immediately announces that Nissan isn't messing around the interior. A completely redesigned cabin with premium features like wireless. Apple CarPlay and panoramic moonroof make driving and kicks immersive and exciting. And with new performance and safety features like intelligent all-Wheel Drive, the kicks is both more fun and safer to drive than ever before. It is the donning of a brand new era for the Nissan kicks on. One question remains. Is it a new era for you as well? Drive the all new Reimagined Nissan kicks today Available feature. Bose is a registered trademark of the Bose Corporation. Nissan Safety Shield technologies can't prevent all collisions or worn in all situations. See owner's manual for important safety information.


Hey fam, this is Carlos Miller from the 85 South Show. If you're like me, you are always thinking about how to level up your career. Maybe you're fresh outta college, just starting in your field, or even looking to switch things up and find your true calling. Whatever stage you're in, remember that this is your time to grow, to learn, and to build something that lasts. State Farm understands that early career development is the key to long-term success. They've been a steady presence in our community, and they know having the right support early can make all the difference. State Farm is there to help you make smart moves and to help you get the coverage you need. We all know that the journey to success is a marathon, not a sprint. It's all about staying focused, staying grounded, and making sure you're protected every step of the way. Let's build our careers with confidence, knowing that State Farm is there to support us just like they've always been. Because Like a good neighbor. State Farm is there. Find out more@statefarm.com.


I get it. The cost of rent, groceries and utilities is too high. So here's what we're gonna do about it. We will lower housing costs by building more homes and crack down on landlords who are charging too much. We will lower your food and grocery bills by going after price Gougers who are keeping the cost of everyday goods too high. I'm Kamala Harris And I. Approve this message because you work hard for your paycheck. You should get to keep more of it as president. I'll make that my top priority.


The summer is heating up. So the next time you pop open a Coca-Cola or Coke Zero sugar. Prepare for ice cold drops from Coke Studio. New music from your favorite artists and their latest hits with drops from new jeans. Carol G and Peggy Goo Plus live performances at the biggest festivals of the year. Grab taste that moves you. Scan your Coke a Coke Zero sugar 12 ounce can and unlock magic music moments all year long, no purchase necessary. 13 plus and 50 US DC and Canada. 18 plus for select prizes ends October 31st. Rules, eligibility, and prize. availability@cokeqrl.com slash Studio USA. Promo copyright 2024. The Coca-Cola Company


Fall is in the air. And that cooler weather calls for an update in your skincare. Moisturizing is key to keeping wrinkles at bay. That's why we need a skincare routine that's easy, fast, and gives us results. Plus, what of your products had thousands of five star reviews were natural and affordable? Well say hello to Dime Beauty. Dime Beauty is clean high-End skincare that is affordable and it really works. Not sure where to start. I highly recommend the work system. It's everything you need in one powerful package. Take out the guesswork with a proven routine that includes a gentle, yet effective cleanser, a super skin toner, two incredible serums, and two luxurious moisturizers. See what everyone is raving about. From serum sets to the always sold out retinol alternative TBT cream, you'll find your perfect skincare Match. Dime has over 2 million happy customers and their product reviews are literally five stars. Love your skin again. Go to dime beauty co.com and unlock your discount. That's dime beauty co.com. That's dime beauty co.com.


And He calls me yesterday, him and his friend's about to buy a restaurant, which is crazy to 'cause at 20 years old. I wasn't thinking about that at all. But it's the mindset and the people that he's around. So for people listening and they might not have somebody around him that is knowledgeable in business, they might not have somebody around him that knows where to put money or what to invest in or how to do it. What do you tell those and people to say, okay, I don't have a magic to speak to You. know what I mean? I don't have arod to say, let me sit down with you. I don't have a a, a John to say, this is what I have and what I do. So what do you tell those Individuals? Let take that first because I know this one includes John. The power of proximity to greatness or proximity to intelligence is so powerful in baseball. I want it to be around cow ripkin, Keith Hernandez, doc, good and strawberry because they had sets of skills that I needed And, I wanted.


And great athletes can copy and paste better than anyone in baseball skills in baseball. Now, you go over now to business and it's the same exact drill. I want to be around John Hope because every time I'm around him, I get better. He inspires me, he gives me more hope. He gives me no pun intended. He gives my my self-esteem rises. Our community black and brown. The number one issue is self-esteem issue. And they don't want engage doubt about it. They don't wanna engage in a business conversation 'cause they don't wanna be embarrassed. That's right. We're some of the most prideful people in The World. But we pay our rent on time. We're hardworking people. We have tremendous heart and grit, but we don't wanna be embarrassed. That's why Shark Tank works so well. You get an education while getting entertainment and, and the America gets an MBA from Shark Tank. That's why people say, when I walk around, oh, there's the Shark Tank guy.


I love Shark Tank. Watching Shark Tank is amazing, right? They learn so early. So, so, so your job as an American citizen, as a youngster, right? Man, boy, whatever you are, is to be around proximity of greatness. So if you find a great mentor from age 20 to 30, forget about the money, 20 to 30. Go work for John. Go do an internship at a Rock Corp. Go work for magic. Paid nothing, pay whatever you got, get a roommate. But 20 to 30 is your extended education. And then once you get into the thirties, you open up that, that black book, how we say your, your relationships, right? 'cause when you're 85, right, you look back, your net worth is gonna resemble your network. Amen. Right? So start, I had a mentor say, if you don't have a breakfast, lunch, and dinner every single day to talk about money, you're falling behind.


'cause your competition's doing it. That's right. All don't go anywhere. When we come back, we got more conversation with Alex Rodriguez and John Hol Bryant. It's the world's most dangerous morning show. The Breakfast Club. It's the world's most dangerous morning show. The Breakfast Club. We got Alex Rodriguez and John Hol Bryant here this morning with us. Now Alex, who got you into the, the, the franchise game? Which one, rod? Well, the rumor now is that You know y'all got the cash ready, the buy Minnesota Timberwolves. Oh yeah. Full ownership. So There's, by the way, there's some things that he can't talk about today. Yeah. It's a legal situation. He'll, he'll answer the question he can answer. By the way, I loved, by the way, there was like, which franchise he owned so much. That was a flex. I heard that. I caught that. My fault. He's like, Which one? But there's some things he he he won't be able to talk about today.


Yeah. Just high level. I mean, just kind of my passion for sports. I think if you talk to most athletes and you do a secret poll, probably 90% or more will tell you, I would love to own part of a team someday. Who doesn't wanna convert from player to owner. Right. That that's the, the American way. We took a long run at the Mets and we came in second to Steve Cohen, thank God. 'cause he's doing a phenomenal job. And we we're having a great time with the Tim Bulls and the Lynx Lynx almost won a championship a couple days ago. Came up a little short. We're very proud of our, of our young women. Look, this is the, the, the ultimate dream to be in, in room with Adam Silver and 30 other owners. It's pretty spectacular. And I. Look at that and talk about imposter syndrome. You're seeing Mark Cuban. You're seeing Jim Dolan, Tony Wrestl wrestler. You've seen Tony Wrestler. You've seen guys like Mark Laie, people that I've looked up and admired and studied my whole kind of adult life.


And now you're in the room with 'em as colleagues. It's really an incredible feat. Yeah, I've been dreaming about it probably for a long time and finally made the move. I Just gotta ask the sport question since we on sports. How about them Damn Yankees. Oh man. Oh H how, how does it feel to see what it's taken so long to get back to, and what do you think about the Yankees now? It seems like baseball's more exciting now. I'm watching the games more. The games are a lot faster. It's fast pacing. So what is your, what is your, your thoughts on baseball now? Yeah. I'm so excited. This is, baseball has needed this moment for at least a decade. I'm so tired of people saying baseball's born and old. And look, we went through a little bit of slow Time. It was, it was born, but they got Boring. But give commissioner Rob Manford and Tony Clark, the head of the union of, of the players, and they came up with the clock, right.


And made it a lot better Pace made the bigger bases. Now they look like Domino's Pizza. Right, right, right. Big base is a game that's driven by markets and superstars and tradition and history. And this World Series here has it all. This is two franchises that have the two richest franchises and revenue and Star Power Global. Yankee may be the number one franchise in The. World Dodgers may be top five. And I'm talking about all of sports. Sure. Football, soccer, name, you name it. Oh no. Cowboy number one baby. Yeah. Yeah. Number one. Yeah. Cowboy fan of mine. Okay. But the Yankees are in that top five. Right? And when you look at the Yankees conglomerate, it's well worth over 10 billion. When you look at the Dodgers, well worth over 10 billion. Okay. I would say there's Tani and Judgers, two biggest stars you can have. You're gonna have probably 15 million people watching Japan.


Another 15 or 20 watching here. The fan bases is interesting. When you go to Dodger Stadium, there's three type of fan bases. You have the corporate financial institutions in Hollywood. You have the Mexicans that You know last Fernando Valenzuela, who died. He was a big pioneer in that movement. And then the other third is now Japanese. They, they're printing money like is no one's business because Tani and obviously the success they've had with Mark Walters, Todd Boley have an incredible ownership, just Traded this Ball for four and a half million dollars. That's right. 4.6. But they've had one championship in 37 years. The Yankees have one championship in 24 years. So both franchise are gonna be starving Tickets. I told Sean today are going for $40,000 behind home plate. One ticket. Wow. That's crazy. So if you want two, that's 80 grand.


80 grand. A beer's probably 4,000. So it, it's, it's gonna be the most watched World Series since the Cubs in. And you won. You won. You won. Right. The last one was oh nine. So we haven't been there in 15 years. So bring your glory days back to the Bronx. My question, I don't, I don't know much about the players. It's not about the players. My question is about is back to the family stuff you were talking about. My first thought was, so that moment with your mom changed your, like, thoughts on money and building money and family. How do you keep, now you got all these franchises and all this stuff. How do you keep, like, you take care of a lot of people, but when, how do you set your boundaries where it's like, no, because you gotta keep the money to make the money, but you also grew up watching so many people not have, like, what's that battle like for you?


How do you be like, no, I can't do that. That makes no sense. Got it, got it. For my discipline. So first of all, I, I'm almost 50 now, so I've had a lot of learning experience. I would say when I was in my twenties and thirties, I was a lot more challenging, right? But now, when you're running businesses, you can give people opportunities where they can win. So as an example, my sister does all my personal real estate. So if I'm buying a house for You know a dollar, she's making You know 3% on that or 6% on that. Okay. And my brother does. But they gotta be, They gotta be Competent. Now. They know they So it's not a giveaway for No, no. They know my, I don't play that game. There. You gotta be by the book. There's no nepotism. That's it. I'm a very tough boss. I would say that. But here are the rules. Rules of engagement. If you play by 'em, you are gonna get first bid.


And if you perform, I'm gonna come back to you over and over again. If you don't perform, I, I have no problem quickly pivoting. And it's not personal. It's business. That's right. Now, when my mom calls surrender, that's mom, get Whatever. Now for, for parents listening right now, when is a good time to start getting their kids involved in financial Literacy? When you start breathing. So When you start spending money, I mean, you're spending money 24 hours a day. When you sleep, you're spending money. The government by the alarm clock. You, you did that. The government's not paying for your light bill, right? So check this out. We have a kids' account in Atlanta, public Schools Operation Hope, by the way, everybody can go get financial coaching scholarship from the compass of The. Breakfast Club call Operation Hope.


We'll give you a thousand dollars free scholarship. Just because you mentioned Breakfast Club to get coaching accounts and get your credit score right? So we have with Mayor Andre Dickens in Atlanta, we have a kids' account in kindergarten, 50 bucks in the kids' account. Now, you may say, what's the big deal of that? If you have a, a bank account at kindergarten, you're 50% more likely to go to college. If you have $50 in that account in kindergarten, you're 75% more likely to graduate from college. Because now you're connecting education with aspiration. The kid, the light's on the kids' head. Now you're talking about stocks and bonds and investment. And, I mean, and don't, and don't put, don't create an investment account. Don't get aro me or you DJing v go in and talking about cars. You know, talking about, because really it's technology these days, right?


Talk about. But through that it's investment. Now. Now the, now these kids, you, you hooked them, right? So it's about role modeling. It's about the language of money at the earliest age. Because this is the aspiration generation. We, we can literally build the next generation of America. We have to, by the way. 'cause we're gonna be a majority of minorities. Literally. We don't do that as country's done. But, but we can do that at kindergarten. You know. The biggest thing that my son, he who's nine, the thing that I love is my son watches Shark Tank. So he's nine. So he doesn't know you for baseball. He knows you from Shark Tank. Wow. That's Deep. And I pre and like I, I was talking on the phone, we was talking to business to somebody and he started asking me questions that I know that he got from someplace else.


I said this the other day, he was asking me, so Dad, how much equity do you get in that deal? I'm like, where the fuck you getting that from? Whoa. And then he was like, well what about, he was like, well, whoa. I said, well, where did you hear about equity? And he's telling me Shark Tank. And he was like, yeah, I wanna know what royalty fees are and this and other, and, and now And I was like, I just want to play baseball. But You know. It was just, it was great that they have these type of shows on there. And I know. You gotta go. I know you got a question. Yeah, I do have a question. So y'all are talking about your families and your kids. And these two always talk about how when they locked into their marriages, everything like flourish for them. You talk about your baby girls a lot. Last time you were here, you were talking engagement with J-Lo. I know you're right now dating Jacqueline. Is engagement marriage, is that a conversation for you right now? Like how does that, where does that fit in all of this business in the portfolios?


Well, I'm very lucky to have an incredible person in my life. Jack's a Canadian. She's a right outside of Detroit, which is very beneficial because my daughter goes to school in Michigan. So I get two for the price of one did. I'm already cutting a good deal. So she's 20 minutes from Detroit. She's a former nurse. She's transitioned her nursing to an incredible business called Jack Fit, where she helps out You know thousands of women online get a better life. I personally lost 30 pounds because of her. I haven't really thought about that. This is really the, the best place I've been in my life. I'm very fortunate, grateful to be where I am. I'm helping out tons of people involved, like you said with the Tims and the links, and doing my Fox deal with the Yankees and the Dodgers.


I'm open to anything. But right now, I'll let You know if there's some big announcement coming, I would maybe I'll come back. I would think it would be difficult for you to trust anybody in a real, like You. know what I mean? Romantically. Just because you are arod so the celebrity. But then the money, like, It's hard. It's hard for sure. But You know you take your time, you try to surround yourself with people that are better than you. And, but it's no question. It's, it's, it's difficult. All right. We come back, we got more with Alex Rodriguez and John Hope Bryant. It's the world's most dangerous morning show. The Breakfast Club. Yes. It's the world's most dangerous morning show. The Breakfast Club. We're here with Alex Rodriguez and John Hope Bryant. Now Ivy, you got a question I was gonna ask for somebody listening, maybe possibly thinking about buying their first property, their first investment property, or even their first house, or even refinancing their home.


The average person listening to this, please listen to me as fast as you can buy a home. The number one way you build wealth in America is home ownership. The average African American, we have 41, 42, 40 3% of us own a home compared to 75% of our white counterparts. That 30% delta, that difference is massive home ownership. And, and, and prices are not going down. When I start buying those 700 homes from the Promise Homes company, And I ran it up to $150 million of, of assets under management of that particular portfolio. I bought for 88,000. I sold 'em at 350,000. No one moved the house. There was no genius to it. It's a magic of of compounding. They're not growing any more land. A lot. Most of the places where we live are inner cities.


What's an inner city in France? It's called Paris. What's an inner city in Britain? It's called the uk. Like we have centrally located real estate and we're walking away from it to rent to some from somebody we don't know to spend money. We don't have to impress people. We don't know to talk about stuff that don't matter. Like knock it off. Buy the worst house in the best block. The hood. DA hyphen, HOD, the hood adjacent. Buy it near transportation. Economic economy, economic activity, activity and a vibrant environment. Buy it, rehab it, live in it. Use equity a couple years later and buy, I know You know what I'm talking about here at DJ NV. Buy the second home three years later. You do that three times over five to six years. This is my mother's story. Worked in an hourly job. You're a millionaire and you can get the down payment through the earned income tax credit, right?


You can go to Operation Hope to, we can help you get qualified for EITC. If you're making $38,000 and have three children, the government owes you about $7,000 cash. So you just gave everybody listening to this who makes $38,000 a check and it's retroactive for three years. If you've never filed, that's almost $20,000. There's your down payment right there, right? So we can, and get your credit score up, get your debt down, get your savings up, get into that house. 'cause it costs just as much to rent as it does to pay a mortgage payment. You're right. Interest rates are 2% are not coming back. That's fine. 4%, 5% is just fine. That's still very, very low. But prices are not coming down. People. Oh, I'm gonna wait. No, no, no, don't wait. It's gonna get worse. It's gonna get more expensive. Buy right now.


Yeah. Can I wanna ask a question? 'cause I think sometimes we have these conversations and we have these conversations from our perspectives, right? Well, y'all in a different tax bracket, but I'm just saying everybody here for the most part has money. What about people who have no money? People from all communities who have $0? How do the poor even get to the middle class? I got you there. I I mean he's the master, but I'm just gonna give you like really simple, right? Money's the easiest part to get And I know this sounds crazy to to, to the folks listening, right? Money. There's over a trillion dollars sitting on the sidelines looking for great deals. So if you don't have money, can you find deal flow? Can you hustle? If you find me an asset that costs $10 million and you bring it me, you bring it to me for eight, you basically own $2 million of of that a hundred percent.


So if you bring me a $10 million deal, right? And, I can buy it for eight. You say, Hey, gimme a million dollars on that. I'll give you, because I'm still getting a million dollar discount. I'm paying nine for a $10 million asset. So I'm getting a discount. So looking for opportunities, understanding where the train is going and you as an entrepreneur says, how do I get in the way? So when that train goes by, I can jump on and and jump in that bandwagon, right? It's creating opportunities. If you find deals, you got money. Is That possible for everyday people to Yes. Yeah. Absolutely. Yes. Okay. Absolutely. Yes. Yes. You know you can buy a, you can open a fractional stock account and put in $25 to buy some stock. Now you, you've spend that on Starbucks. You can, you can do frac, you can do 10 bucks. You can do five bucks a fractional stock on any stock that you want. So there's no excuse.


If you wanna get in this game, operation Hope will help you. Again, if you listening to Breakfast Club, we'll give you a scholarship for coaching counseling. We're gonna get your credit score up. The average credit score for black people, by the way, is six 20. Latinos are a little above that notch more. But you're locked. That means half of us are locked outta the free enterprise system. You can't get a decent home loan at anything below 700. Can't get a decent auto loan below at six 50. You can't get a, a business loan at all unless you're 700 better because it is risky credit. So we think the issue is racism or discrimination. It might be, but it also might be that you don't understand. There's a game, there's a box, a credit box, and you are not in it. But you have to have discipline. You have to live below your means. You have to understand this game.


You've got to be financially literate and everybody can be a winner at this game. I'd love to come back at some point. We need to talk about a whole nother, this whole thing. Our relationship capital, which you talked about a little bit, like behind all of us, is a backer. That's right. A partner that we're not talking about Magic has it? I know who they are. I love talking about Tony Wrestler and Michael Getty. Right? They backed me $80 million. And I paid them back plus 7%. Right? It's important 'cause our community feel like capitalists, you said, talk about making smart, sexy, they feel like that's a bad thing. A lot of people, not everybody, but a lot of people in our community feel like capitalism is a horrible thing. Having people back you is a horrible thing as well too. Yeah. So people say, let's go for and step further. Oh, I hate rich people. No, you don't.


You hate rich people till you become rich. What you hate is a game system to your point. Right? What you hate is a system that is rigged so that you don't think you can succeed. The money's not evil. It's the love of money that's evil. It's the greed ambassador Andrew Young says that men and women fail for three reasons, arrogance, pride, and greed. What, what, what did Malcolm X say? We've been bamboozled. We've been tricked. We've been fooled. We've been hoodwinked. We've been hoodwinked on this topic. Black people. We have never had an economic infrastructure in the history of our, of, of, of us being here. That's our problem. Government's not gonna save you. Even if you wanna distribute money like a socialist, you gotta collect it like a capitalist. What's the entertainment business?


The business of entertainment, the sports business. It's the business of sports. What we don't understand is the business, I'm gonna give everybody here, free game. There are about a hundred trillion dollars about to co hit the market in the next 10 years. All these baby boomers are retiring at the same time. They're gonna give their cash and their stock to their kids. They're gonna give their house to their family. Kids don't want the business. Those businesses have cash flow. Clientless real estate a brand. Alex 80 you a minute ago. Bring me an asset for 10 million that I can get for 8 million. And you have the upside between eight and 10. So if you come to me and say, I have a startup idea. Give me a a million dollars. I'm like, get outta here. Right? You come to me and say, I've got a business that's got a million dollars of cash flow.


That's got a, a valuation of $10 million. Will you finance that? The, the acquisition in this example says $10 million of revenue. Will you submit a a a $9 million acquisition? The answer to that is absolutely yes. Non-recourse, meaning no personal guarantee, wall Street does it all dance called private equity. So you got literally trillions of dollars worth of businesses that are about to hit the market. And people listening to this can go become capitalists right now with an existing cash flow business, existing assets, existing employees, and not no risk, but low risk because it's already successful. So we need to stop being self-employment projects because 96% of all black businesses don't have an employee.


I don't know what the Latino numbers are, but, but you, but again, you build wealth and your sleep is compounding. This is a huge opportunity. So All of us here walk into opportunities every single day, but it's tanning taking your eyeballs and your brain and your ears to think about opportunities when you hear 'em. So you hear opportunities all the time. You know, poor guy and a rich guy go through a bad neighborhood. The poor guy goes, God, what a terrible neighborhood. I would never want to live here. The rich guy goes, let's try to see if we can buy all this up on a cheap 'cause in 10 years you're gonna be different. You go to a barbershop and you hear through a terrible divorce and you hear this gossip all the time, and you guys are here, man, what a terrible situation. I have to sell their house. I have to sell their car. If you're an entrepreneur in the ear, you hear, oh, that might be an opportunity.


Well, maybe I can not to take advantage of anyone, but if you have to sell your house quickly, maybe I can provide a quick buy and sell for you off market. This is not personal. And there goes that $7 million deal for 10, right? So it's about a rewiring of the brain and looking at opportunities and not looking at problems. 'cause problems is really opportunities. Well, ladies and gentlemen, thank you for joining us so much. John Hope Bryant, Alex Rodriguez, And the Hope Global Forum is happening December 9th to the 11th in Atlanta, Georgia. Man, that's right. I'll, I'll be there. Alright, Well it's The Breakfast Club. Good Morning. Yeah, it's The World goes dangerous morning show. The Breakfast Club Charlamagne the guard. Lauren LaRosa. Jess Larry is on maternity leave. DJ Envy called in sick. But it's time with the mess. It's time for the mess. Your music Is real.


Whether hilarious. Jessica, Robin Moore just don't do no lying. Don't do, She Don't spare. Nobody don't Worldwide just worldwide mess on The, Breakfast Club, the coaches. Lauren, Lauren, la I'm back. And, I got the mess. Talk To me You know one thing, Charla, I've learned about you. What? You are a equal opportunist person of all. Like everything you give. What do you mean you give the HE double hockey sticks equal equally across the yard? Everybody, white people, black people. Hell across the yard. Okay. Yeah. I didn't wanna say the word, but yes, You say hell, you going there.


What'd you say? Now? Excuse me. That's why you can't compliment these. I try to compliment you. I try to big you up. Well, thank you. I appreciate that. What Happened though? No, no, no, no, no. Because when you meet me and hell, I'm gonna make sure they know. He told me I was coming here. It's his fault that I'm met. We don't have to go there. We can do things now. Let's Go. Let's go where you were yesterday. Let's go.


The. World is constantly changing. It's up to you to decide how to respond. Choose to be bold. Try something new. Choose to reinvent yourself. That's what Nissan did with the all new totally reimagined kicks. The dynamic new exterior styling immediately announces that Nissan isn't messing around the interior. A completely redesigned cabin with premium features like wireless, apple car play, and a panoramic moonroof makes driving and kicks immersive and exciting. And with new performance and safety features like intelligent All Wheel Drive, the kicks is both more fun and safer to drive than ever before. It's the dawning of a brand new era for the Nissan Kicks. Only one question remains. Is it a new era for you as well? Drive the all new reimagine Nissan kicks today Available feature. Bose is a registered trademark of the Bose Corporation. Nissan Safety Shield technologies can't prevent all collisions or worn in all situations. See owner's manual for important safety information.


Hey fam, this is Carlos Miller from the 85 South Show. If you're like me, you are always thinking about how to level up your career. Maybe you're fresh outta college, just starting in your field, or even looking to switch things up and find your true calling. Whatever stage you're in, remember that this is your time to grow, to learn, and to build something that lasts. State Farm understands that early career development is key to long-term success. They've been a steady presence in our community, and they know having the right support early can make all the difference. State Farm is there to help you make smart moves and to help you get the coverage you need. We all know that the journey to success is a marathon, not a sprint. It's all about staying focused, staying grounded, and making sure you're protected every step of the way. Let's build our careers with confidence, knowing that State Farm is there to support us just like they've always been. Because Like a good neighbor. State Farm is there. Find out more@statefarm.com.


I get it. The cost of rent, groceries and utilities is too high. So here's what we're gonna do about it. We will lower housing costs by building more homes and crack down on landlords. We're charging too much. We will lower your food and grocery bills by going after price Gougers who are keeping the cost of everyday goods too high. I'm Kamala Harris. And I, approve this message because you work hard for your paycheck. You should get to keep more of it as president. I'll make that my top priority.


The summer is heating up. So the next time you pop open a Coca-Cola or Coke Zero sugar. Prepare for ice cold drops from Coke Studio. New music from your favorite artists and their latest hits with drops from new jeans. Carol G and Peggy Goo Plus live performances at the biggest festivals of the year. Grab taste that moves you. Scan your Coke or Coke, zero sugar 12 ounce can and unlock magic music moments all year long, no purchase necessary. 13 plus and 50 US DC in Canada. 18 plus for select prizes ends October 31st. Rules, eligibility and prize. availability@coqrl.com slash Studio usa. Promo Corp Wright 2024, the Coca-Cola Company


Fall is in the air. And that cooler weather calls for an update in your skincare. Moisturizing is key to keeping wrinkles at bay. That's why we need a skincare routine that's easy, fast, and gives us results. Plus, what if your products had thousands of five star reviews where natural and affordable, well say hello to Dime Beauty. Dime Beauty is clean high-End skincare that is affordable and it really works. Not sure where to start. I highly recommend the work system. It's everything you need in one powerful package. Take out the guesswork with a proven routine that includes a gentle, yet effective cleanser, a super skin toner, two incredible serums, and two luxurious moisturizers. See what everyone is raving about. From serum sets to the always sold out retinol alternative TBT cream, you'll find your perfect skincare match. Dime has over 2 million happy customers and their product reviews are literally five stars. Love your skin again. Go to dime beauty co.com and unlock your discount. That's dime beauty co.com. That's dime beauty co.com.


CNN, real quick. Okay. Before, yeah. Okay. Anyway, last night you were on Anderson 360 with Anderson Cooper. Yes. Me, me and my good sister Angela. Yeah. You and Ms. Angela Rye. And you guys were having a conversation about just speaking the truth and what's happening right now with the, the election and VP Kamala Harrison. Anderson Cooper has actually been under fire in the last like, what, like 24 hours for the way that he handled the town hall with VP Kamala Harris. A lot of people feeling like just his energy and his tone to her was very different in comparisons to how he's been in interviews with Donald Trump and other people. I thought he did his job though. I didn't, I didn't have a problem with how he did this Though. Worth noting though. So I wanna listen to first Angela Rye. 'cause Angela Rye opens in the early in the conversation, Angela discusses being able to have truthful conversations and lay facts out there.


And kind of how she was received when she was at CNN. And she was doing that early on. Take a listen. There's been more heat from the media on her answer and less attention paid to what his former White House chief of staff said, John Kelly, that he is in fact a fascist. When you look at one party rule, religious nationalism, ethnic nationalism, that is what Donald Trump is striving for. And if we're honest, that is what the Republican Party writ large has been building toward for a long time. Donald Trump, as Harry Reid once said, is merely the Republican party's Frankenstein in 2016. I remember being on air with you and saying that Donald Trump was racist and there was immediate blowback.


How could you say he's racist? What facts do you have? There is a laundry list of facts to support the fact that this man traffics in racism and he is a fascist And I. Think the most important thing that we all can do as American citizens that the media can do is ensure that we are calling a thing a thing. Very True. Yeah. Now, when that happened, 'cause a, a big part of the conversation was the double standard, and that was the conversation that was sparked from the town hall. It's been happening with Kamala, but that was a, a big highlight of the conversation that people were having around Anderson Cooper and how some people felt he ended the town hall, which is what you and Angela Ry were getting at when you guys were having that conversation. So, well, for The record that wasn't personal to Anderson Cooper Anderson is a good guy.


I'm I just talk about cable news in general. Yes. And we have those clips. So let's take a a listen to you. When you began to talk about fascism, Phil Trump's going on is gonna tape a thing with Joe Rogan. Do you think she should, should Do that? I think that she should keep calling Donald Trump a fascist And I think that Americans need to keep looking at the rhetoric of Donald Trump. Because I don't know why we're even thinking about electing somebody who's talking about putting people in camps. I don't know why we're talking or why we want to elect somebody who's talking about mass deportation. I don't know why we're having this conversation, which about somebody who wants to terminate the constitution to overthrow the results of an election. Aren't we supposed to be a patriotic country? Whenever somebody like Colin Kaepernick takes a knee in this country, everybody talks about, oh, that's so unpatriotic. But a guy, a guy can say he wants to terminate the constitution to overthrow the results of an election and nobody cares.


Instruction. Even, Even even me bringing it up now, you, you brought it back to Kamala and Joe Rogan Anderson. Yeah. Who gives a damn Now I think that like, first of all, let me just say that the moment I, I got on Twitter, I'm like, whoa, I didn't even know you were gonna CNN yesterday. It was just everywhere. So yesterday at first it hit trending across the US on X at 10, it jumped up to six. This morning you were trending. And then now it's back at nine. I think the reason why this is cutting through so much is because it was straight talk. Like you calling it out and saying that it was BS is how I think a lot of people felt. And even if you don't agree, like I saw Fox News pick it up this morning as well. Even if you don't agree, I think people do appreciate straight talk and, and and straight to the point conversations and getting to what people think is happening without dancing around it.


Yeah. It's not a new conversation for me. I've been having this convo, You know, but nobody listening to me because I got a list. You know all of those news networks Reached no baby. We be listening. It's just like, what are you saying? Say cease and desist. Well, I'm spitting on this mic right now. Pause. But all of those news networks make choices on what they're going to discuss and what they're gonna center as topics of discussion. It's a choice to not center You know Donald Trump leading an attempted co this country. It's a choice to not center his 88 criminal charges. 34 of them he's been convicted of. It's a choice to not center his rhetoric about jailing political opponents, jailing journalists terminating the constitution, overthrow the results of an election, talking about putting people in detention camps, talking about putting the military on American citizens. His own joint chief of staff said this week, Trump once said he needed the kind of generals Hitlers had, Hitler had.


So if Kamala Harris or any Democratic candidate said or did those things, they would be at the least not qualified to run, but more than that they'd probably be in prison. So, so I'm just saying that's just, that's just, it's just a choice. And it's not just Trump and Kamala. It was Trump and Hillary. It was Trump and Biden. They're the double standard for Trump and everybody else. Period. Nobody treats Trump like a threat. Not the DOJ, not the media. Nobody. And it's just, it's strange. Now let's take a listen to the rest of the conversation. I don't think y'all have enough conversations about it. I feel like I heard more on this network about is Kamala Harris black than I do about You know Donald Trump being a fascist? Am Am I wrong, Angela? Honestly, that's bullshit. I'm sorry. Ooh, I like That.


That's understand. No, no, I'm, I'm not, I'm not, I'm a huge fan of yours. Okay. But to say that we're sitting around ta discussing is Kamala Harris Black, like I, oh, I've seen that. I've seen around our table discussions a lot. That's bullshit. Anderson, for you to say that y'all don't have those conversations. I've never asked somebody is, oh, I'm not saying you Network You know. I don't think any anchor on this network has been going around saying, I is she black? Look, I'm sure we have had You know nutty people or, or people who have strongly held beliefs who I may disagree with. Yeah. Who somewhere on some panel have said something. Yeah. But I do believe it's important to get people different viewpoints as long as they're willing to have a legitimate conversation. Now, I wanna make a point before you go in, right?


So the, I told you guys how well this was trending on X and normally what happens is things trend on X and they hit You, know the Instagram blogs and then the dot coms pick 'em up simultaneously. I, right now am seeing two articles on this that happened last night. One from Fox News and Fox News headline actually includes the word fascist. Fascist, I'm sorry. And then the independent, the independent headline does not at all include that. It just says that Anderson Cooper has a blunt response after being criticized for CNN Trump coverage. And I. I, I was like, wow. I was surprised that more people didn't pick it up and use the actual word fascist. And You know, like all that stuff is so like, it, it, everything else is sight. That right there will up it.


I don't, I don't see it. I don't see it. Not even from CNN. Well, only thing I would say is that You know we just all have to stop asking answers and start making statements. Like when I say ask answers, it's like You know when you make, when you ask answers like You know, is Donald Trump a fascist? Or is Kamala Harris a DEI higher stop asking answers. Like You know the answers to these questions. Yes, he is a fascist and no, she's not a DEI hire. So let stop asking answers and start making statements on these networks. What's that Was a lot for you asking answers and making, see what I'm Making statements saying? Nobody takes me serious because I got list exactly what I'm talking about. Exactly what I'm talking, what I'm saying. Could you, could you ask me who I'm giving Don? Could you me, who I'm giving that was just to mess with Lauren la Can you ask me who I'm giving donkey today too?


Who are you giving donkey today to? We need Mel Gibson to come to the front of the congregation. We would like to have a word with him. Okay? Mm. Okay. Bring them. It's The Breakfast Club The Breakfast Club. Your mornings will never be the same. Your Execution on the donkey of the day is something to go To read. He gave me Donkey of the Day. And I deserve to. People need to know. Well, you need to tell them I am because you have the voice. Tell them. Tell tell. It's time for Donkey of the Day. It's a read, but you're so good at you trying to be a fake ass Charlamagne it only one Charlamagne char Damn Charlamagne. Who you giving Dusty today to now D here today for Friday, October 25th goes to Mel Mel Gibson.


Okay, listen, this presidential election season, we got 11 days left, I believe, until election day, according to the internet and others, I am getting paid by Kamala Harris's campaign to talk about her every day. So let me earn my check. Okay. Can I Hold something? I don't have it. Soon as I get this invisible money, I'll give you some look. I think most people have their mind made up by now. Some voting Democrats, some voting Republicans, some voting third party, some not voting at all. I don't care who you vote for. I don't care what you choose to do, as long as you are making an informed dec decision. Okay? A caller called up here earlier and said that I sometimes get mad when people tell me they voting for Trump. I don't get mad when folks say they're voting for Trump. Trump. I get mad when people tell me dumb ass reasons.


They are voting for Trump. And Mel Gibson was caught on TMZ cameras giving his reasons for why he's choosing to vote for Trump. And let's listen to what he said. I don't think it's going to surprise anyone. Why vote for, I'm gonna guess Trump. Trump. Is that a bad guess? I think it's a pretty good guess what, what do you think The, World will be like in a second, a second term with with president? With the president Trump's second term. People are, I I, I know what it'll be like if we let her in. Yeah. Oh really? And that ain't good? Yeah. Well listen, miserable track record. I was calling track record. No, no policies to speak. Speak in the border, right? And she's got the IQ of a fence post.


See, it makes me laugh when I hear people say things like, the Vice President has a miserable, appalling track record. No policies. Okay? Especially if the person you're supporting is Donald J. Trump. I don't even have time to really run down his resume. You know, I don't really have time to break down his concepts of a plan. I would break down his plan, but he don't really have any. But I'll give you a few, I'll give you a few things. On his resume, in no particular order, he's been impeached twice. He led an attempt to court his country. He said he wanted to terminate the Constitution to overthrow the results of an election. He downplayed the severity of COVID-19. Not to mention in 2018, he dismantled the National Security Council's Global Health Security Office. Those are the people who respond to things like pandemics. He's talking about jailing his political opponents. He's talking about jailing journalists.


The guy appointed three far right. Judges who overturned Roe v. Wade Roe v. Wade. I was born in 1,978. So that means women currently have less reproductive rights now than they did when I was born. Okay? Less constitutional rights now than they did when I was born. And, I haven't even bought up the 88 criminal charges, 34, which, which he's been convicted of. Now I'm, I'm just scratching the surface of things that are on this man's resume. It is long. Okay? So if you're gonna say Kamala Harris has an appalling miserable track record, but you're choosing to support Trump, that just doesn't make sense to me. My personal opinion. And for all you folks who keep talking about the economy will be better, that is just another false narrative that we, the American people left, bought, bought into.


Because it's not true. The economy dug better under Democrat presidents. I just found this out maybe two months ago. Why? Because I looked it up You know why I looked it up? Because I wanted to see how much better the economy does under Republicans since this is what I've always been told, only to find out it's not true. Google it. Okay? Look it up. The economy does better under Democrats if you don't feel it right now. I understand, but we still recovering from a global pandemic. Remember that. But this inflation y'all keep saying is high. It's not. It's currently at 2.4%. The problem is inflation is low, but the cost of everything else is high. But that's a whole nother conversation. Okay? Tune into John Hope, Bryant's Money and Wealth podcast for more of that kind of talk.


But back to Mel Gibson. The other part of what Mel Gibson said that irritates me is when he said, vice President Kamala Harris has fence post level iq. So you're saying you think she's dumb, okay, but then you voting for Donald Trump. I'm gonna just sit back and let you hear a bunch of dumb things that have come out of Donald Trump's mouth. Mm, listen. Ready? Yep. The camera's rolling. The kidney has a very special place in the heart. It's an incredible thing. Nobody knew that healthcare could be so complicated. Everybody is Right. And then I see the disinfectant where it knocks it out in a minute.


One minute. And is there a way we can do something like that by injection inside or almost a cleaning? 'cause you see it gets on the lungs and it does a tremendous number of the lungs. So it'd be interesting to check that so that you're gonna have to use medical doctors with, but it sounds, it sounds interesting to me. If you have a windmill anywhere near your house, congratulations. Your house just went down 75% in value. And they say the noise causes cancer. You told me that one. Okay. China has total respect for Donald Trump and for Donald Trump's very, very large brain. It's tremendously big and tremendously wet.


I'm very highly educated. I know words. I have the best words, but there's no better words than stupid. In Springfield. They're eating the dogs, the people that came in, they're eating the cats. They're eating the pets. That's just a little bit, that's literally, I told my producer to find a bunch of dumb things. Donald Trump said he found that in about five minutes you can just literally Google dumb things. Donald Trump said, I'm about to say they probably got TikTok messages. I'm saying so. So if Kamala had the IQ of a fence post, then what level does Donald Trump have? I'm seriously asking a rock. But listen, rocks might be smarter, okay? Vote for whoever you wanna vote for. Just be informed about it. And if you dislike a candidate and you have your reasons, I'm fine with that too.


As long as they make sense. Nothing Mel Gibson said makes sense. Okay. Most of your arguments in regards to supporting Trump make no sense. You have to ignore so much to justify your reasoning. I used to believe the economy argument, but it's just not true. He ruined the economy when he was in office, even before Covid and his economic plans, the tariffs that he's talking about now, that would hurt you as workers in businesses tremendously. But whatever. All I'm simply saying is vote for who you want to vote for. Just make sure it's an informed vote because this man's was, this man's reasoning for who he wants to vote for was not. Please give Mel Gibson the biggest he. Huh? Morning Everybody.


It's DJ Envy Jess, hilarious Charlamagne guy. We are The Breakfast, Club Jess on maternity leave. So Lauren LaRosa is filling in. We also got our niece Nyla with us today, Big Nyla. And we got some special guests in the building. We got earth gang. Ladies and gentlemen, welcome. Yo. Yo. What up man? What's up? What's up? I listen to y'all every morning, bro. I can't hold it bro. I become one of YI become one of y'all core bro. P one listener. We need though, right? Oh my God. They back with they Fifth Studio album. Perfect fantasy. Yes. Yeah, perfect fantasy. Yeah. What is the perfect fantasy, man? It's whatever you make, it's whatever you make it, bro. It's what it is. This life is a video game and how you play it is the, is the fantasy. That's what we doing with this project though. You know, we, we decided to put it together how we want it to and kind of like make it our own world.


You know, throw all the rules out and just do what we like. Do what our fan base and our core fan base like I never felt like Irv gang had rules though. So like, that's interesting to hear y'all say. I felt like y'all always moved to the B Dion. We kind of, we kind of did, but I can't lie You know what I'm saying? We had a, we had a period of time where we was trying to like You know, figure out what was working for others, I guess You, know what I'm saying? It's like what, you gotta do this, you gotta do that. But like chasing the wave, chasing, not necessarily chasing a sound wave or even necessarily a trend. It's just you get signed to a label and you like, okay cool. I want to be as successful as the rest of you on this label. When we was already kind of headed that direction, serving our core. So it's like, nah, let's just do we love we, we started Irv Gang basically as like a music fan club when we was kids You. Know what I'm saying? We was literally just from the piracy generation, stealing music, swap music.


And this album is kind of a tribute to that era. It's a tribute to all the came up being fans of We got gorillas on it, we got Neptunes on it, we got You. know what I'm saying? People that we, little Dragon, little Dragon You. know what I'm saying? This is all people that we fans of that like built our friendship and we wanted to pay tribute to that was that pressures of the label telling you guys to look around or it like people, it's kind like you can't even blame nobody else, bro. As a, as a business owner, you always going to like go over your yearly reports and see what's working, what's not working. And sometimes you put that before what you want to create. And as a human being, sometimes you gonna look left and right and compare and that's just, you gotta outgrow and and let this go. But I mean on Dreamville is like Cole's clearly the most successful, right? Then it's like, yeah, it, our UX has had some really, really real success.


You know JJ So I mean, but y'alls also different I'm like, why? Other than the success part, what would y'all compare? Well, it's not, it wasn't really even comparing with Dreamville. I'm talking about Interscope bro. I'm talking about we signed the Interscope because Dreamville is kind of like, Hey everybody, do what you want. Everybody's about big fun party. But like we was on Endoscope, And, I was You. know there's other rappers on this. You seen show up different places. Y'all got the same parties. This showed up in this and you showed up in that. And it's like, well why ain't show up in that? It's something, it's a feeling that you gotta process. Let go and then realize what, what brought you here in the first place. I like that honesty was your own core. Before We get into the new project, I definitely wanna touch on ghetto gods the record power. 'cause I feel like it was a little prophetic in like a weird way, the way the year panned out.


But the gain, The, World lose your soul. S Skull and Bones. Puffy comb like So tell me why he called us about that line. No, wait, this is prior. That's what he telling you about this this's the time timeframe. When you say the call, so this is like 20, 22, right after that song dropped, I don't know, Diddy from Adam didn't think, look, gotta say that, right? I ain't say I've never been to party, never been to his house. I didn't know, I didn't know I was You. know what I'm saying? We get a call one day from Mysterious number. I'm at the crib, I'm on the Xbox, we get a call from, from Mysterious number. Then I guess they called management and he called us and he was like, yo, the next time that number called, let's just pick up, see what's going on. FaceTime open to FaceTime, it's Diddy. He wanna talk about how clean and pure his soul is. And I'm like, Hey bro, I don't know you.


I don't care. I have nothing to gain from this conversation. And he was like, Hey man, I heard what y'all said on that song. I just wanna let You know I'm on a love wave right now, man. I'm clean. I'm be, everything's good, everything's pure. I'm like, bro, that line came to me from from a lightning bolt from heaven, bro. I didn't know. Yeah, I didn't think of that. I wasn't trying to insult. I didn't even know he was going to hear. Say Again? Gain The. World. Lose your soul. Skull and bones. Puffy combs. Damn. From an artist's interpretation. What did that line mean when you wrote it? I was, I was just saying like, You know what I'm saying? Just kind of playing with people's fear of like the Illuminati and like that, like I, I like throwing little hints of like, who Spooky. And it's like, I don't know what Didi actually been through. I had no idea that this was gonna happen. And, I definitely ain't know. I don't know even Feel like what You look like I'm lying.


I had no, bro, we had, we had no clue, bro. Bro, I be in College Park, bro. When I go back home, I see be in the, I know I love, I love s verse, but it is like what he's talking about too. Why aint nobody looking at me like a bad, like I think that line is mad weird. But no, it, no not listen phone because I ain't even heard. I mean I think Cilo was kind of talking about like just how every, like, if you not use useful, you are useless in the, in the industry in some type of way. You know what I'm saying? He was just like, but you gotta be able to find the right spaces for you to be valuable rather than like trying to like sell yourself to everybody walking in, in the rooms and be like, yo, y'all don't wanna use me for this. Y'all don't use me for that. 'cause that's when you get into positions where taking advantage of, let's talk Pharrell. How was working with Pharrell and how Did you Pretty amazing.


It was like something I would've, he's another one that's left. He goes outside the box. Yeah, we, that was also also during the pandemic. So he had us get You know Covid tested before pulling up to the crib. We went down to Miami, down to Miami. Walk in. It's, it's the, the the, what is it? The boat out there, the, the water out there and stuff. He got, he got a, a health station. We taking big B12 shots and stuff. Like while we recording we got IVs in just getting healthy, but also we drinking tequila at the same time. Real te gotta go tequila. Oh, he had a drink that he was, that he was claiming his at at during that time. I don't know if it was tequila. You gotta be careful with that guys. I knew soon You said it. I said, oh, he just said his stuff up. I did, but You know it.


I heard you say re though. I I heard you say earlier that you wanted that vintage sound. And I. Listen that song like, it, it sound like old Neptune. Mm Yeah. I mean the initial process was was with You. know what I'm saying? We, we grew up listening to the Neptunes You. know what I'm saying? We grew up burning their CDs and instilling them and and trading them with the other homies You. know what I'm saying? Like Grinding Beat is a classic like


The. World is constantly changing. It's up to you to decide how to respond. Choose to be bold. Try something new. Choose to reinvent yourself. That's what Nissan did with the all new totally re-imagined kicks the dynamic new exterior styling immediately announces that Nissan isn't messing around the interior. A completely redesigned cabin with premium features like wireless apple car play and a panoramic moonroof makes driving at kicks immersive and exciting. And with new performance and safety features like intelligent all-wheel drive the kicks is both more fun and safer to drive than ever before. It's the dawning of a brand new era for the Nissan kicks. Only one question remains. Is it a new era for you as well? Drive the all new reimagine Nissan kicks today Available feature. Bose is a registered trademark of the Bose Corporation. Nissan Safety Shield technologies can't prevent all collisions or wor in all situations. See owners manual for important safety information.


Hey fam, this is Carlos Miller from the 85 South Show. If you're like me, you're always thinking about how to level up your career. Maybe you're fresh outta college, just starting in your field or even looking to switch things up and find your true calling. Whatever stage you're in, remember that this is your time to grow, to learn, and to build something that lasts. State Farm understands that early career development is key to long-term success. They've been a steady presence in our community and they know having the right support early can make all the difference. State Farm is there to help you make smart moves and to help you get the coverage you need. We all know that the journey to success is a marathon, not a sprint. It's all about staying focused, staying grounded, and making sure you're protected every step of the way. Let's build our careers with confidence knowing that State Farm is there to support us just like they've always been because Like a good neighbor. State Farm is there. Find out more@statefarm.com.


I get it. The cost of rent, groceries and utilities is too high. So here's what we're gonna do about it. We will lower housing costs by building more homes and crack down on landlords who are charging too much. We will lower your food and grocery bills by going after price Gougers who are keeping the cost of everyday goods too high. I'm Kamala Harris And I approve this message because you work hard for your paycheck. You should get to keep more of it as president. I'll make that my top priority.


The summer is heating up. So the next time you pop open a Coca-Cola or Coke Zero sugar. Prepare for ice cold drops from Coke Studio. New music from your favorite artists and their latest hits with drops from new jeans. Carol g and Peggy Goo Plus live performances at the biggest festivals of the year. Grab taste that moves you. Scan your Coke a Coke zero sugar 12 ounce can and unlock magic music moments all year long, no purchase necessary. 13 plus in 50 US DC and Canada. 18 plus for select prizes ends October 31st. Rules, eligibility and prize availability@cokeqrl.com slash Studio USA promo copyright 2024, the Coca-Cola Company


Fall is in the air. And that cooler weather calls for an update in your skincare. Moisturizing is key to keeping wrinkles at bay. That's why we need a skincare routine that's easy, fast, and gives us results. Plus, what if your products had thousands of five star reviews were natural and affordable? Well say hello to Dime Beauty. Dime Beauty is clean high-End skincare that is affordable and it really works. Not sure where to start. I highly recommend the work system. It's everything you need in one powerful package. Take out the guesswork with a proven routine that includes a gentle yet effective cleanser, a super skin toner, two incredible serums and two luxurious moisturizers. See what everyone is raving about. From serum sets to the always sold out retinol alternative TBT cream, you'll find your perfect skincare match. Dime has over 2 million happy customers and their product reviews are literally five stars. Love your skin again. Go to dime beauty co.com and unlock your discount. That's dine beauty co.com. That's dime beauty co.com.


I have Some niggas nightmares, grinding You know what I'm, you name it, it bro, like they came out. We wanted, we wanted to be in that kind of bag with 'em You. know what I'm saying? Do the folk count. Do the stuff that, like, like I said, even we working with the gorillas, like it was all like outside of Atlanta or from Southwest side of Atlanta. Dreamed of being around. So it was, it was a dream come true. I will say Pharrell started a bunch of songs with us and then he did some like cat in the hat, just like put a hat on and walked out onto the, he got on, he got on the boat and left and just left mid session. What bro? Like be like, I I'll be right back. No, he was like out, I'm out. Enjoy this and just like walked away. That ain't what y'all was doing. We finished the records, we got back work, we got boat, stop on, get back to work.


Had a boat pull up to his back door and left. And that was like, yeah, this, did he come back? Never saw him again. I know the records. Y'all do. We did five or six. Yeah. When he on You got it though. Yeah. He, he on You got it. He just left y'all hooks and all that. Well he, they, they did the beat and the hook for you got him and then he did a couple, he bounced around on a couple of 'em for a little while and then he left a bunch of beats and then he just left. All don't go anywhere. We got more with Earth Gang. Coming up next. It's The World most dangerous morning show. The Breakfast Club. Yes. It's The World most dangerous morning show. The Breakfast. Club. And right now in the building we have Irv King, not Envy. How was, how was j Cole as a a label owner? Right? And and the reason I ask is he owns a label but he's also an artist, right? And I. Think maybe about a couple years ago, maybe about four or five years ago, Cole would call me and he would ask me about the mixtape era.


Right? Yeah. Because he was like, I got these artists, And I wanna break back into that mix tape era. How did that happen? Like he's, he's, he's somebody that dives into everything. Like he reminds me of somebody that always wants to research. 'cause he wants to know everything that goes around. So how is he as a label owner when it comes to his Artist? I mean, I think for the, the coolest thing is like, he's not like a label owner. He don't, he don't ever act like a label owner or a boss or nothing. That's why we wanted to do business with him because it was equal You. know what I'm saying? Like, no, shout out to Twitter because love saying, Hey Yoko, y'all boss Boss ain't, that's been boss Boss. He not my boss. You know what I'm saying? So it's like we, we got into it 'cause it was, it was an equal partnership. And then secondly, he approaches it from an artist standpoint.


He may, it's it's always make the most honest music to you and then put it out and it'll You know what I'm saying? It'll connect. I mean that's, that's who he is. That's what he's done. That set him, sets him apart from a lot of people. And it's like, that's still the blueprint for everybody that he works with You know what I'm saying? So it's never like, you ain't got no hit yet. You know what I'm saying? It's never like that. It's, it's just, are you doing the honest, the most honest music for you? And it's like, all right, well then put that out, see what it do. Do it again. Do it again. What, what's it like at Dreamville nowadays? Because I, I've always felt like y'all don't really really move like a unit. Like I know like Yeah, everybody kinda do their own thing, bro. I ain't gonna hold you bro. Is there like a group chat there? There are times where I would like, she said that group chat. No, for real. Like I would love to know. It's like, it's some group chat, but I I was, I was, I ain't gonna hold you.


There's times where I always let, like I would see Yo Gotti come up here and like, damn, why Cole ain't doing the Yo Gotti come up here, but anybody, he he so he just come up here with 'em. That does a lot though. Yeah, it does. It does. It does. When he comes up here with all his artists, like you don't see him, you be outside. But I believe it And I. So salute to them. I respect that. But at the same time, You know what I'm saying? Move how they move. And. I. I think the honesty and the truth, like he said behind Dreamville is kind of what keeps us all united. Like You know, like smiling in your face. All the relationships. We were just with Boss and he last week club, Check in on Art Ari Lenox at all. Yeah. Ari, my dog. Okay. Ari, my dog love art to death. That's Why she said she was leaving social media.


She should, Should a lot people. Most of y'all should. We all should. If we all did, it would hurt them so bad. The people that own that. Like we don't have that type of unity. But yeah. Ari, bro, when we, when we first was signed the re I mean signed the Ari signed the Dreamville Cole had us REG all in the house on some like making the band. So we built like a real like who went for cheesecake you said? Like, like yeah we didn't, we didn't have to make the band, but we just built like a, a sibling type relationship with RM during that time You. know what I'm saying? I'm always checking Ari And I. Hope she do You. know what I'm saying? I hope she actually off social. Ari Ari is fine. I don't know why people try to be like, how Ari doing it been so bad? Two years for a long time. I think it's because for me as a fan watching her, first of all, I feel like she doesn't get a lot of her just do.


That's number one. Secondly, I feel like pe when she, anything she does, people always like attach to it and sometimes it's not the most positive and it's so not warranted. 'cause she minds her business. Exactly. So, but sometimes that gets to people. Yeah. And she seems very strong minded, but it can get to people. So You know. Nah, I, I I that's compassionate. So I will appreciate them questions. I do wanna go back to something y'all talk about with Dreamville. What's the point of doing revenge of the Dream compilation then? Because I feel like that's the moment where Cole should be like, all right, we gonna make these radio runs, we gonna do these shows together. Like that's should be the, that's the time you got. You're putting everybody in this compilation album. Now let's go push the whole label. The fans will listen either way. If that does happen. Yeah. About to say because we Be wanting it. I would love to talk to Cole about that.


Yeah. Yeah, I would too. Now, now Cole wasn't on the album. Did y'all want Cole on the album or did y'all do that specifically? I ain't aint even think about bro. So I didn't even think about it, bro. Like we just making music, bro. Like I ain't got time to be shit. That's my mans You. know what I'm saying? So it's not like we trying to do This is dream. Don't be trying to hit him up for a play. Yeah, I don't think so. But let's get into it Joint enough album what y'all want. Hear. Let, let's play that Love you more. Let's do that. Do you? No, that what you wanna hear, that you wanna hear? We, I wanna Chad off. You got it? I heard it was a Neptunes record. He did. It was, it was, it was a Neptunes record when we first got there. Chad was in the, was in the building. The the reason the song sounded, oh They was together when y'all was there.


This Was before they was beefing 2022. We was all there together. Wait a minute. So when Pharrell got on the boat, did Chad get on it with him? He did Not. He stayed with us. The beef started. Chad. Chad, Chad stayed and played, but no, Chad played like hella instruments You know what I'm saying? Like Pharrell is like a great idea guy. He puts a lot of drums down. A lot of soundscapes. But Chad gonna play the intricacies. So Chad stayed to do the intricate, we thought that's what their dynamic was. Pharrell gets on boats, Chad You, know what I'm saying? Stay and play the guitar. And You think that Separat it was cooking up the whole time. Y'all just didn't know. Probably. So he took Chad off the record. Yeah. Just took And y'all like, and just Walked off and went on the boat. Well, he didn't shut up. Not in that order. The song, the song.


We had the song for years with both of 'em on it. And then really within the, the last couple months of, of clearing everything, it became featuring Pharrell. And that, that took, that took a couple steps to get to that process too. 'cause it was produced by Pharrell then, but his voice on it, so I guess he changed to featuring For real. Wow. Then he dropped the Lego movie and then he, he stood on that. It was like, okay, well because Sweet Chip right now I think Chad is actually suing Pharrell. So he probably didn't want it to be featuring Neptunes. Yeah. Or Nerd or whatever. Y'all ask questions when stuff like that change, you just be like, well, okay, That's not my b Yeah. I'm not same fan. Ask no que if I can ask directly, I'm gonna ask. But like, I'm not finna ask your people to ask your people like, no, nah, if I sit down in front of you and talk about something. Yeah. If we chilling and talking, we drinking Pharrell's tequila would be 12 shots.


Yeah. I'm gonna ask you. That's pretty, that's pretty vulnerable. But like, so Did they take the, the the instruments off too? That, that I'm, I'm pretty sure they interpolated them differently. I'm pretty sure they wasn't the same. It wasn't the same. Yeah, because the version of the song that I play on my phone, I love, I'm gonna leave that there. This Version was, was changed up a little bit for the clearances. Yeah. And then also the whole time them was like working together but not really talking even in the same room. So I was like, Like's a hell of a room. All right. Well they have it. It's Earth gang. It's The Breakfast Club. Good morning. Yeah. It's The world's most dangerous morning show. The Breakfast. Club Charlemagne. tha God. Lauren LaRosa Jess Hilarious. Is on maternity leave. DJ Envy called in sick. But it's time for pass to s Go dj.


Go dj, DJ Spin Big Nyla. What's up? What's up? Happy Friday. Hey, what's Happening? Good morning. Happy Friday. How you Feeling? I feel tell the truth. I I hate how you do that. I could never have, I could never have real comics with you before we go live. No, but y just tell the truth. You say you feel something, you say you feel it in The air. I just feel something in the air. I I don't know what it is. Your spidey senses is tingling. It's just weird. I don't know. Okay. I'm feeling things. Okay, that's good. Feel your feels. It is what it is. But all right. Let's get into the music. Summer Walker is back. Okay. Now she's been previewing this record for a minute and it gives like that nineties r and b vibe.


So I'm excited that it's finally out Part of a woman. Isn't this project called Finally Over It? Summer Walk is a really great artist. Her music connects, but it still feels like there's some type of disconnect. I don't know what it is. Disconnect and What from disconnected from that? No, just, just some type of disconnect. You think that she talks enough? Oh, You mean like just her brand wise? Her as a person? No, I don't think That. I think people love her music People. And it's so crazy because when she does talk and even when she does the crazy shenanigan, people love her. Some People like her. That's I'm Saying remember she was back outside when she was heartbroken. She was on top of the car with Santana and Sexy Ana, sexy Red. We were living for that. When she sat down with Isha. I Think she has like heavy anxiety. So she doesn't like doing Interviews. I think if she talked more, I could understand what you were saying. Yeah, Just show, just show herself more.


Because I get sent that goddamn meme every, every other day. What meme? She You know what the meme I'm talking about. Which way? I don't wanna do it. 'cause it'll be on camera. Now do it. No, all we can edit It. You know what I'm talking. Bring it up real quick. If it was any one of us and we had showed you the meme, you would've out us. We should be doing the basket weave. Acting like she Oh, You. know what I'm saying? You. know what I mean? I Thought about the Pilgrim dressing. Don't we sitting that all the time when we like we Should be because Of like me clowning somebody that we know D Ride and You. know what I mean? Like that Me, me and Wao and Rob, we sitting at each other. Oh, I already know who y'all talking about. All right. Yes. That person definitely gets it often. Lord have mercy. All right, I'm gonna keep things moving.


Tyler the creator drop. No, now he didn't drop it today on Friday. He actually did it on a Tuesday I believe. Which is like against industry standards. Same with Earth gang. They dropped their project on Tuesday as well. By the way, that used to be the old industry standard as as the UNC in the room born in 1,978. That was the day albums used to come out. Every Tuesday Must be annoying. 'cause when we interviewed them, I said that too. You did say that. That Is true. Thank you. 'cause our generation be knowing. Right Ny We do be knowing. To make sure I tap into our interview with Earth gang, it just dropped two but go ahead. Ooh. Acting in the rear view rather double back than regret hearing. Pure tough. Oh, tough. I gotta give, I gotta give, I gotta, I gotta sit down and, and like really absorb Tyler the Creator's album.


Yeah. Tyler, don't miss I was getting my lashes done yesterday. No you weren't. Yes I did. That's and the girl who was doing my lashes, her daughter was 11 and she was talking about like just music. She listened to And. I was like, oh, well who are your favorite artists? You know. You be wanting to know. And she was like, I love Tyler, the creator. And then Northwest was just talking about Tyler the creator as well too. So many generations of people. 'cause I thought we loved him. I didn't know it was so Why, so why Tyler? Not in that top discussion. He should be Ty Tyler top three of his generation is not close. I Think because he Generation, not like blog era class. He's kind of like, he's been around Since he had the roach crawling on him. How long ago was that? I feel like Tyler, that was a while ago. Tyler is the new Pharrell. Pll ain't never been the dope AST Tyler lyrics. Yo Irell ain't never been nowhere near as dope as Tyler Lyric.


I'm Glad you said. I don't really think he tried Pharrell. He couldn't. If he tried, he, there's a, he's a great songwriter, but he can't spit like Tyler. I think this the, like the artsy, they're both artsy. But even with that, I think Tyler is just in his own vibe of like Stuff, I'm just talking music. I'm just talking bars. Tyler be barring up. Yeah, he be barring people up, bro. I mean I feel like, like Tyler was able to watch people like Pharrell, people like Kanye and then pick things that you want. So I think that's why he does three different beat changes on a record. That's why he's into fashion. But like, you had to see it be done before. So that's why I'm like, I see him as a Pharrell or I, I see the influences there because then even outside of that, he's had successful groups like the internet and when I First moved to LA one and Yeah, so his, he's just able to do everything and does it Well He one of them ones.


Yeah. Agreed. No, no. Tyler slander here. Definitely looking forward to the project. And then last but not least, this is new artist named Black Sam. He had a cool record called Gila Leather. What is Gila Leather? What does that mean? I have no idea. Let me look. I'm looking it up now. A body warmer. A sleeveless jacket. That's like a s sleeveless leather jacket. I, When I look it up, the record is the only thing that came up. What's the name again? Black Sam. Okay. Salute to you Black Sam. Yes. Yes. Okay. So that's, that's all I got for today. Make sure you guys follow me on the gram at Nyla simone. N-Y-L-A-S-Y-M-O-N-E-E-E Go on my website. You can find the playlist, you can find all the podcast episodes on. We need to talk all the artists we've had on there.


And you can also find the events for Certified Vibe You know Tap in. Okay, we got the People's Choice Mix coming up next, which I think is so stupid because Envy's not here. Like I think NLA should actually DJ at nine o'clock. I Think I Should too. It is just stupid. He ain't been here all. Well he ain't been here. All the show. And then nine o'clock you gonna start hearing him talk. What? Since that make anybody It's The World More dangerous Morning show. The Breakfast, Club The Breakfast Club. Your mornings will never be the same. How is the world's most dangerous morning show? The Breakfast. Club Charlamagne God. Lauren LaRosa Jess Hilarious is on maternity leave. DJ Envy called in sick today. We almost up outta here. What you got this weekend, Lauren? Where you at? You already drinking right? Want y'all to know right now?


Alcoholic OSA is already sipping something. I Hate how you throw things on black women sipping LaRosa. The way that this tea cup is set up, you need to mind your business honestly. Tequila Cup. Okay, say that again. Tequila. Oh, I thought I know that one. Her, you Right now today. Tequila. Is that the in that cup? What is that Tequila cup? Why you Think it so hard? Right? I Hurt God. No. My Heart. No. He know Kela in there. I'm at Norfolk Virginia this, I'm in Norfolk Virginia this weekend. It is Norfolk State University's homecoming. This is the final stop on a brown girl grinding HBCU Alumni Homecoming tour. She'd be asleep by five o'clock.


Y'all, First of all, first of all, I, I, I, I get to the venue around that time. It's Alumni Fest. We having a great time. Norfolk State University. I'm excited to come and end the tour with you guys and have a great time and happy birthday to my best friend Carmen. It is his birthday today. Enjoy your birthday. I will see you this weekend and congratulations on everything. New baby, new fiance. It's your birthday. We celebrating. So Luther Carmen, you just want an excuse to drink Tomorrow I will be at the Ivory on park at 2:00 PM having a conversation called Money Talks, wealth Building Panel and exclusive conversation with me. I'll be talking about my new book. Get Honest to Die Line. 'cause I damn sure ain't got no money to talk about. But I will be there at 2:00 PM tomorrow at the ivory on the park, okay.


In Brooklyn. All right, when we come back, we got the positive note. It's the world's most dangerous morning show. The Breakfast. Club. Yep. It's the world's most dangerous morning show. The Breakfast. Club Charlemagne, tha God. Lauren LaRosa, just hilarious is on maternity leave. Envy is out sick today. We are outta here, but I'm gonna leave you on this positive note. It comes from Gandhi. Okay. Maha Ma Gandhi. He once said, as human beings, our greatness lies Not so much in being able to remake The World as in being able to remake ourselves. Have a Blessed Day Breakfast Club Bitches. Y'all finished or y'all done?


Ryan Seacrest here. When you have a busy schedule, it's important to maximize your downtime. One of the best ways to do that is by going to chumba casino.com. Chumba Casino has all your favorite social casino games like Fin slots, bingo and solitaire that you can play for free for a chance to redeem some serious prizes. So hop on to chumba casino.com now and live the chumba Life. Sponsored by Chumba Casino. No purchase necessary. VGW Group Void where prohibited by law 18 plus terms and conditions apply.


High Fives Casino High five Casino is a social casino with real prizes and Big Vegas hits at high five. casino.com. The hottest games right from Vegas and all winnings. Go straight to your bank account, hundreds of exclusive games, free daily rewards, and come back to get free coins every four hours. Only at high five. casino.com. High Five Casino is a social casino. No purchase necessary void. Were prohibited. Play responsibly terms and condition supply. See website for details at high, the number five casino.com. High five Casino.


One in three women and one in four men experienced domestic abuse in their lifetime and nearly half of survivors delay leaving because they can't bring their pets with them. Purina started the Purple Leash project to help eliminate one of the many barriers domestic abuse survivors face. A lack of pet friendly domestic violence shelters. Through the Purple Leash project. Purina is helping to create more pet friendly domestic violence shelters across the country. So abuse survivors and their pets can escape and heal together. Visit purina.com/purple to get involved.


How crispy are the new deli mix? Crispy quesadillas? Let's see. I'm gonna pop one in the microwave. Yeah. Deli me crispy. Quesadillas are crispy. Even from a microwave. I can already smell it. Heads up. If you hate loud crunching, you might wanna mute. Mm. So crispy. Like barely hear myself. Think crispy. These should come with a warning. Mm. If this crispiness is making you hungry, get to your closest grocery store for Deli Max Crispy quesadillas in the frozen aisle.


The AI upscaling on the new Samsung Neo QLED and OLED TVs brings old content like from the seventies, eighties, nineties, and beyond into the future. So no matter how far back your shows are from Dilla Groovy Baby and Colors in contrast, popping day of night with GLA Free Ole and the Neo QLED AK processors are awesome sauce. They make every detail look sweet. It's time to bring your TV watching into the future Welcome to new A of Samsung AI tv. Discover more@samsung.com. Upscale every moment upscaling utilizes AI based algorithms. Viewing experience may vary according to types of content and format.