
The podium is back with fresh angles and deep dives into Olympic and Paralympic stories You know, and those you'll be hard pressed to forget. I Did something in 88 that hasn't been beaten. Oh gosh. The US Olympic Trials Is the hardest and most competitive meet in The World. We are Athletes. We're going out there smashing into each other full force. Listen to the podium on the iHeart app or your favorite podcast platform, weekly and every day during the games to hear the Olympics like you've never quite heard them before.


Curious about queer sexuality, cruising and expanding your horizons Hip play on the sex positive and deeply entertaining podcast, sniffy Cruising Confessions. Join hosts Gabe Gonzalez and Chris Patterson Rosso as they explore queer sex cruising relationships and culture in the new iHeartPodcasts S Sniffy Cruising Confessions. S Sniffy Cruising Confessions will broaden minds and help you pursue your true goals. You can listen to S Sniffy Cruising Confessions, sponsored by Gilead now on the iHeartRadio app, or wherever you get your podcasts. New episodes every Thursday.


Welcome to the Cino Show. I'm your host, Cino McFarland. I'm an addiction specialist. I'm a coach. I'm a translator, and I'm God's middle man. My job is to crack hearts and let the light in and help everyone shift the narrative. I wanna help you wake up And I, wanna help you get free. Most importantly, I don't want you to feel alone. Listen to the Cino Show every Wednesday on iHeart radio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts.


Guess what Will, what's that? Mango? I've been trying to write a promo for our podcast, Part-Time Genius. But even though we've done over 250 episodes, we don't really talk about murders or cults. I mean, we did just cover the Illuminati of cheese. So I feel like that makes us pretty edgy. We also solve mysteries like how Chinese is your Chinese food, and how do dollar stores make money? And then of course, can you game a dog show? So what you're saying is everyone should be listening. Listen to Part-Time Genius on the iHeartRadio app, or wherever you get your podcasts.


For 10 years, I've been obsessed with one of the most bizarre and audacious cons in rock and roll history. We were all facing 20 years and all that good stuff. The lead singer tried to pull off an English accent and they went on the road as the zombies. These guys are not gonna get away with it. The zombies are Too popular. Listen to the true story of the fake Zombies on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts.


Shut Every single day. Breakfast Club. God Damnit, The, Breakfast Club. Put that ad up on The, Breakfast Club. You can't say Breakfast Club without these breakfast clubs. You are like this rare Air. You got platforms and partners all over the place because your demand is so high. People wanna be in business with the breakfast, but I don't think White people know how Popular you guys are. DJ Envy just hilarious. Charlemagne to God. Yeah, you guys really are like the hip hop, early morning, late night talk show. Y'all know what y'all talking about. Good morning.


USA Yo Yo. Yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo, yo, yo, yo, yo, yo, yo, yo, yo, yo yo, yo yo, yo yo, yo yo, yo Yo, Jess. Hilarious. Is on maternity leave. Charlamagne. What's up? Pizza of the Planet is Thursday. How y'all feeling out now? Yes. How you feeling, Brother? I feel blessed Black and highly favored, man. I, I did the Daily Show last night, dropping on close bonds for the Daily Show, You know, that's, that's my home away from home, away from home, away from home, because I got a few homes. Okay. Well, congratulations. Do you get, you still get nervous when you do that, that show? I get nervous when I do Breakfast Club. I think that, I think you get nervous anytime you're doing something that means something to you.


I think that there's healthy anxiety like You know. Gotcha. Of course, we have the irrational anxiety where You know you just think that the sky is falling for no damn reason. But then I think that there's healthy anxiety too. Anytime you're doing something that means something to you, you should feel a little something in your stomach. Absolutely. Absolutely. Your beard is stupid again today. Shut Up. It's the same bed as yesterday. No, it's not. I wanna, yes, It is a little light on the other side. It was, it was darker on one side. Now was, it's the same, even tone on both sides, but it just looked stupid. All right. We gonna fix it. But anyway, salute to 50 cent. I'm out in Shreveport, Louisiana. He's doing his Human in Harmony weekend. Okay. And drop a bomb for 50.


'cause I got here yesterday and it took me about nine hours to get here. 'cause flights were delayed because of the weather yesterday. But we still made it. It's, it's no direct flights from many different places. I think you gotta either go from Atlanta or Dallas. Everywhere else is connecting. So we connected. But when I landed in the city, it was just so amazing to see how he transformed this whole city to a weekend. I'm talking about is Shreveport Big enough for what they got going on, Bro, we about to find out. Mm. We about to find out. So You know when I landed, of course, you get in the Uber to get to the hotel, and everybody's excited. I mean, he's changed. He's, he's, for the weekend alone, he's bought like exclusive restaurants here, Lagos and Sayles, which are big restaurants in New York.


He's brought that here. He's brought so many different vibes. He, he built an actual sphere. So if You know, like this sphere, like Vegas, he actually built one here for the weekend. So everything could be indoor because the weather's like 105, 108 degrees this weekend. So he did it. So everything will be nice and cool. I mean, he really put a lot into this weekend, and it's coming outta his own pocket. 'cause he just wants to show people what Shreveport is about. So it's not about him making money. He just wants to invite everybody to Shreveport, Louisiana. So that is pretty dope. So, salute to 50 cent. I'm, I'm really proud of what he's done. He spent a hell of a lot of money getting everything together, and it's coming out amazing. So hopefully this weekend is, is really, really dope. A lot of creatives there this weekend, right?


A lot of comedians. I know my guy Andrew Sholtz is there this weekend. A lot of actors, a lot of writers, a lot of musical artists. Yeah. So what, so what I want you to do, envy, is find somebody who can draw and tell 'em to fix your beard, okay? Throw away whatever sharpie you've been using. Please find someone who can draw, because it's a lot of comedians there this weekend. And when they see you with that paint on your face, okay? It's gonna be a lot of jokes. That's all I'm telling you. I'm staying away from the comedy show. That's how I'm nigga gonna let You know that right now. I just Don't understand why y'all put ink on y'all face. You gotta have hair. You supposed to put the dye on top of some hair. You wanna know what happened. You, you really wanna know, please. This is you just sitting There looking suspicious. All I'm looking suspicious. So I usually don't cut my bed this low. I cut it this low because I knew I was gonna be gone for so many days, right?


'cause I'm, I'm You know you don't have a barber down here. I'm gonna be gone for five days. I don't have a barber down here. So I cut my bed extra low. And then I, I'm not a, I'm ashamed. I used my just for men. I ran outta just for men. So it was only to able to do one side And. I didn't realize it until I already put It on. See what I'm saying? Y'all be having UNC in here Look, feeling like he's stupid. I know. I ain't stupid. I got eyes. All right. I'm the only person in here acknowledging how ridiculous he look. Everybody just looking at me like I'm just talking outta my ass. So I said, I, I'm gonna fix it when I get here. So today, this morning, when I get up, I'm gonna fix it. Don't worry about it. Don't worry about me in my, in my, I Can't help it. Fuckers. Look at you all morning. All right? Don't Worry about MyPhone. Don't look at me. Turn the camera off. Don't look at me. Call Shreveport Police. They're a suspicious looking man. Suspicious looking man. Running around here.


He got his covid mask. Oh my gosh. You don't have his covid mask on. You got it around his chin. I hate you all. But listen, You know who's joining us today. An icon living a legend. That's right. Her name is Mc Light, dropping the clues, bombs for Mc Light. Dammit. Yes. She's releasing her ninth Studio album 1 0 1. It comes out in September. But we'll be here just to talk about the, the, the amazing career that Mc Light has had. Still sure Has. That's right. Yes. Yeah. We'll talk to her in a little bit. Then we got front page news with Morgan Wood. A lot going on yesterday. We'll break it all down. So don't go anywhere. It's The Breakfast Club. Good morning. Good morning everybody. It's DJ Envy. Just hilarious. Charlemagne the guy. We are The Breakfast Club. Now let's get in some front page news.


Good morning, Morgan. Good morning. Y'all get a mo. So yeah, let's get it to this front page. News. Vice President Kabbala Harris and her new running mate are on the campaign trail, speaking from Eau Claire, Wisconsin Harris called out former President Donald Trump. Let's hear more from VP Harris at her rally in Wisconsin. So this is a fight to make real the promise of America for every person in our nation. And also, I'll tell you, And I promise you our campaign's gonna reach out to everyone from red states, from blue states, from the heartland to the coast. This campaign is not just about us versus Donald Trump.


It's about two very different visions for our nation. Donald Trump handpicked three members of the United States Supreme Court, the court of Thurgood and RBG, because he intended for them to overturn Roe v Wade. And as he intended, they did. So yeah, later on in the gate, Harris also joined Tim Balls for another rally in Detroit, me at the Detroit Metro Airport. Now, she told supporters there, there is a lot on the line in the November election and added that when we fight, we will win. She seemingly also has to fight against some protestors in the crowd.


Let's hear more from Harris in Detroit. He intends to cut Social Security and Medicare. He intends to surrender our fight against the climate crisis. And he intends to end the Affordable Care Act. You know what If, you want Donald Trump to win, then say that. Otherwise I'm speaking. I like the way she handled that. I mean, that's, yep. That's honestly how she'd be snapping at me. But You know the, that's the real vice president Kamala Harris right there. And that's what we need to see. I also like seeing her go off script, because You know she's been saying the same thing at all these rallies and repetition is good, but because there's so much light on her, it just sounds like You know she's repeating herself over and over.


So it's good to see her go off script and You know, get at, get at, get at those individuals. Who was that? Was that people protesting against Israel Biden? Yes, Absolutely. Yes, it was. Okay. In fact, those were pro-Palestinian protestors. In fact, Detroit is home to a large number of Muslims and Arab Americans, many whom voted uncommitted in Michigan's democratic primary last February in protest over Biden's position on the God of War. So just to give you some background context as to why people were protesting at her rally. Now, meanwhile, former President Trump weighed in on the Democratic ticket speaking to Fox and friends. Trump said, Harris' choice of Governor Walls as her running mate is great for his campaign. Let's hear from the former president. He's a very, very liberal man, and he is a shocking pick.


And I'm, I'm thrilled. I could not be more thrilled. This is, there's never been a ticket like this. This is a ticket that would want this country go to go communist immediately, if not sooner. We want no security, we want no anything. He's very heavy, inter transgender. Anything transgender he thinks is great. You wouldn't feel very comfortable if you're in Israel right now with this team. This is the worst team ever assembled for a Jewish person or for Israel. Yeah. So he doubled down on the belief that Harris didn't pick Pennsylvania governor Josh Shapiro as a running mate because he's Jewish. And they were afraid that that would offend some people. So those were Trump's Thoughts. I'm telling you, you gotta watch Fox News, man.


I've been watching Fox News the last two days. I mean, I watch all the news networks, but they are so hilarious. Like, I mean, they, they, they say that they're anti, the Democrats are antisemitic, anti-Jewish. Tim Walls is a far left lunatic who wants open borders? Who wants the chemically rait your kids? Let men play women's sports and put tampons in men's bathrooms. They call 'em tampon. Timmy Tampon Tim. Oh my gosh. You know what else. You should watch what You know. What else? The, the NFL. It's back today. Pre-Season one kicks off today with, with the New England. Are there tampons in the men's locker rooms, though? That's what I need to know. Maybe It depends what state they're playing, Right? Exactly. Envy. So, yes, we preseason, week one kicks off today with the New England Patriots hosting the Carolina Panthers and the New York Giants hosting the Detroit Lions.


Just to note guys, the Giants and the, and the, the Lions actually have been having joint practices. The two teams were both fine. $200,000 by the NFL for fighting during those joint practices. Sources say more than a dozen scuffles took place over the two day joint practice. So the NFL reminded all teams in a memo that that is unprofessional conduct and it will not be tolerated. Both games start at 7:00 PM Eastern tonight. Preseason one continues with three games on Friday, nine games on Saturday and two on Sunday. So, yeah, Well the preseason doesn't officially start until August 11th when the Mighty, mighty Dallas Cowboys play at 4:30 PM against the Los Angeles Rams.


Okay, You know because You know what we doing this year. D You know what them Dallas Cowboys doing this year. They not doing nothing. We going to the super Next. He's delirious, Right? We going to the Super Bowl, baby? Yeah, I, I'll talk to y'all in a bit. We gotta get this. Thank you So much. Get it off your chest. 805 8 5 1 0 5 1 If. you need to vent. Phone lines are wide open again. 805 8 5 1 0 5 1. Get it off your chest. It's The Breakfast Club. Good morning The. Breakfast Club. This is your time to get it off your chest. Keep calling 805 8 5 1 0 5 1. We wanna hear from you on The. Breakfast. Club.


Hello? Who's this? What's up, envy? Hey, what's up Trav? Nah, telling what's going on Miss? Hilarious. She's on maternity leave. She on Maternity leave. Oh, she on? Oh no. I didn't know. I didn't know she went out. Did she went on maternity. Maternity leave. Okay, well, Jessica listening, I hope everything goes rail for you, girl. Nah, I hope you have a beautiful, perfect healthy baby. Oh, anyway. What's up Shar? Peace sis. What's happening? I just wanted to call and say thank you to Envy and thank you to you Charlemagne, for allowing beauty to come up there and meet you guys. She was so excited. She had a wonderful birthday. Literally because you guys helped her have a wonderful birthday. So thank you guys so much. Luther Blind Beauty, blind Beauty is Travs friend. What's her real name?


Yes. Her name is Dina. Dina? Yes. And Dina. She's blind visually impaired. That's Right. Yes. Visually impaired. And she's, she's a talented You know, visually impaired. Yeah. Piece of work, man. And yeah, she's A songwriter. Dropped a song. Yeah, she's a songwriter. She is a artist. Me and her dropped a song called Outside HOES. I can say the word on the radio. I'm outside Hope. Come on now. Sean You know about that. I Heard it. I heard it a couple of time. Oh, well I need, you gotta please go stream my Project Jukebox down one Hip hop r and b edition. It is a songwriting demo for me.


But me and Beauty also have a popping song there. Honestly, I Don't know. I don't know. I don't, I'm be honest with you, Trav. I don't know why y'all not selling more records. And I don't, I'm not talking about y'all as artists. Like You know you're a songwriter. She's a songwriter. Y'all actually write a lot of dope records. And I. I And I tried You Know Crazy. I tried to give that record away. I've been trying to give one record away that, that's like the most least one that I like, that I have like quite a few in the stuff. And that's the one I didn't, don't really care about. But yeah, it's hard. It, it's gonna happen for you brother. I believe in you. I appreciate it. Appreciate it. All right y'all and Oh well. And You know in this, this industry You know all you gotta do is a little d to get on and You know you like you do that for fun now. So Charlamagne.


Bye y'all. You Should follow us. Get it off your chest. 805 8 5 1 0 5 1. If. you need to vent. Hit us up now. It's The Breakfast. Club. Good morning, The. Breakfast Club. Ready? This is your time to get it off your chest. Whether you're mad or blessed, I hate the way that you walk, the way that you talk. I hate the way that you dress. Everything with me is best. Call up next (800) 585-1051. Not Just me. I'm with the culture feeling. Hello? Who's this? Y'all hear me? I Can hear. Yeah, we can hear you. What's happening, brother? Oh, good morning. How y'all doing? Jess up though. No, she on maternity leave, man. Oh, okay. The baby was healthy. I Know.


No, the baby ain't been born yet, baby. He's Not here yet. Oh, okay. Okay. But let me let, lemme get to it. Charla, man, you say your words of affirmation every day. Every day. Yes sir. It make you feel good, don't it? Yes sir. Good way to start today. I woke up this morning, And I read. I read outta my, I got two daily affirmation books. I have The Daily Stoic by Ryan Holiday. And. I have the Human Nature, the laws, the Human Nature Affirmation book from Robert Green. Yes, Sir. Yes, sir. That's good stuff. So what I'm trying to do, I'm trying to get my wife to get my words of affirmation tatted on her. That way I can see it every morning before I go to work. And You know it'd be a good way to start my day. But she don't wanna get the tattoos.


I'm trying to get some, I'm trying to help y'all help me to convince her to get the tattoo. I'm not doing that. 'cause I, I, I'm gonna encourage you to go by the Daily loss 366 meditations on Power Seduction, mastery Strategy, and Human Nature by Robert Green. That's what I read every morning. And go get the Daily Stalk by Ryan Holiday. There's no need for you to talk. Well, Listen, listen though. Check it out though. This, that's what I wanna do. I'm telling my wife when I wake up and I'm back there, You know I wanna read it. You know And I wanna say to myself, nothing can stop me. I'm all in. But Have, have a good day, sir. Thank you. Thank you for bringing back that oldie but goodie. Okay.


He, he took 60 seconds to set that Up. That was a oldie but goodie You know, back in the day, we, I did a, we did this thing on the radio called Now that's what I call gay volume 69. And we remixed a bunch of hits and that was one of our hits. Nothing can stop me. I'm all in you. But We are so dumb and so Childish when we were young. No we weren't. No we weren't. Hello. Who's This? Hey, this toy every day. How you guys doing today, man? What's Up brother? Get it off your chest, Man. I'm just calling to be your public defender from this point on, man. From this point on, when anybody calls the radio station talking about how biased you guys are about politics, tell him to reach toy every day. 'cause we literally, you guys literally just yesterday talked about inflation and then the guy's going say that you guys don't talk about inflation.


One guy going call say you guys are too much for Trump and Bias. The other person call to say you about Harris. It's like they clearly don't listen to The, Breakfast, Club. They gotta be getting snippets from the internet. Absolutely. That is a hundred percent And. I mean. People can take any snippet they want and paint a whole narrative around it, throw it out on social media and then it catches wildfire. And now you got a bunch of people labeling you something that you not. But guess what? It don't matter. You just gotta continue to speak truth to power the best way You know how's true. That's true. But If, you guys ever born? Just tell 'em to hit a toy every day. I'm a I'm a driver man. And, I. Want my partner on the, on the steering wheel? I got nothing but time on my hands. Yes Sir, brother. Thank you brother. Alright. Hello. Who's This? Hey Jane.


Rob. What's up Brother? Get it off your chest. What's going on man? Charlotte Envy. I know she ain't there right now, but just what's her peace and blessings on her Peace King. Her new beginnings don't like man, but no man, I like to get off my chest, bro. Like Fox News, man, I I watching them, man. They, I can't explain how dumb and ignorant they sound, man, with this rhetoric that they're pushing with, with everything. Talking about Kamala and her new vp, new VP carrier, Tim Walls, like just saying everything about the, like he's lying about this and lying about that. Like they're trying to just find any type of dirt that they can pick up. But it's hilarious. It makes no sense, but its, it makes No sense.


But it's hilarious though. You gotta watch it from an entertainment perspective. I You know. It is funny bro. It is, it is funny. But like, I, I don't know why. I think just because it's so asinine. It's like you guys have everybody, the whole entire world has seen and heard were witnessing Donald Trump do all of the ignorant things that he's doing. And it's like, they're not saying it's like everything that there's, that he's done, they're going, they're not even mentioning, but they wanna try to shine bad light on the stuff that really makes no sense. That's not even bad. Like I think they said something about walls having a DUI you, I think you mentioned about that. Yeah. The other day, it was like 30 years ago. Yeah. He we're not talking about Trump grabbing him by the vagina. I Mean you talking about, you talking about DUI from 30 years ago, but Trump got fresh charges.


Now I'm gonna tell you, I was watching Fox tonight and it was so funny they was going in the commercial because You know I be flipping back and forth between CNN M-S-N-B-C and Fox. And so they was about to go in the commercial and Jesse Water goes, how is di how is Kamala Harris going? Pay back her sugar daddies. We'll find out when we come back. I was like, oh, I can't turn now. Nah, I can't turn, I can't turn now. I gotta watch this. It, it's stupid man. But no bro, like I, I don't know. All I wanna know is y'all already get these vaginas in November because according to them, You know all men that vote for Democrats. We, we finna get vaginas in November. I'm ready. I had one since 2016. And I started. Oh my man. I started transitioning into 2016.


Lemme Hey man. Y'all stay blessed man. I love y'all. All right brother. Peace. Did Vy just say I, let me see. I don't wanna talk to mv. Hey, did I wanna get something off my chest? Eddie, did you check the camera and see who stole out of our office? Oh, did we find out? Okay. I need to know who stole outta our office. Somebody sent me a backpack and it had a bunch of stuff in there like air pods and everything. That was some, it was some gifts somebody had sent to me and somebody just straight up stole it and they didn't know that we got a camera right outside the office. So I need to know if we saw the security footage. I want people fired. You been Sitting there for three days. Nobody found out who did It. I don't know. I I'm just following up now. I want people fired. Alright. And if it was your friend, you, your friend just got you fired.


Okay. I'm letting You know that's how I'm coming with it. Pause. Alright. Wow. Alright, well get it off your chest. 805 8 5 1 0 5 1. Oh engineer's still looking at tapes. Just got the word. Oh, y'all going to jail? Oh Boy. Okay. When we come back, we got Jess with the mess. Charlamagne, can you spell tomorrow? T-O-M-M-O-R-R-O-W. That's not it. And we'll tell you who else couldn't spell it. We'll do it when we come back About how you spell tomorrow. Good morning The. Breakfast Club. Morning everybody. It's DJNV. Just hilarious. Charlemagne the guy We are The breakfast,


The podium is back with fresh angles in deep dives into Olympic and Paralympic stories You know and those you'll be hard pressed to forget. I did something in 88 that hasn't been beaten. Oh gosh. The US Olympic trials is the hardest and most competitive meet in The World. We are athletes. We're going out there smashing into each other full force. Listen to the podium on the iHeart app or your favorite podcast platform. Weekly and every day during the games to hear the Olympics like you've never quite heard them before.


In a world where TikTok didn't exist yet, the comedy of a Mexicano cross borders the heart of America and his catch rates are part of our culture. But Sonoro er Heart's Cultura podcast that will present I'm za from television debut.


Listen to as part of Michael ura podcast network in the iHeartRadio, apple Podcasts, or Wherever you stream podcasts. Wanna know how to leverage culture to build a successful business? And Butters is the podcast for you. I'm your host, Brandon Butler, founder and CEO of butter a TL. Over my career I've built and helped run multiple seven figure businesses that leverage culture and build successful brands. Now I wanna share what I've learned with you and on omics we go deep with today's most influential entrepreneurs, innovators, and business leaders to peel back the layers on how they use culture as a driving force in their business.


On every episode we get the inside scoop on how these leaders tap into culture to build something amazing. From exclusive interviews to business breakdowns, we'll explore the journey of turning passion for culture into business. Whether you're just getting started or an established business owner, butter nos will give you what you need to take your game to the next level. This is butter. Not listen to omics on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts.


If someone asked you to name a queer icon, who would you say, Brittany, Christina. That's not who we were thinking about. Try again. Shirley Bossi, Tina And again, Madonna. Cindy, Whitney, Houston, Mariah Carey. No, there's still someone you are missing. Bruce Springsteen. Bruce Springsteen. Bruce Springsteen in particular. Leather twink. Bruce Springsteen. Just very hand on hip sass. Bruce, This is because the bus belongs to us A serious journalistic quest to get Bruce Springsteen recognized as the queer icon. We know that he is. There's so much camp potential with Him. On my dating profile, I had something about being a fan of Nebraska era Bruce Springsteen. It's like You squint and everyone can be a bch. Listen to because the boss belongs to us on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts or wherever you get your podcasts.


Welcome to cri. I'm Maria Tramar And, I'm Holly Fry. Together we invite you into the dark corridors of history and true crime For each season we explore a new theme from Poisoners to stalkers, art thieves to snake oil salesman. We uncover the secrets of history's most interesting figures such as Walter Minks, the man who built his own submarine hoping to escape with his blackmail payout under Lake Michigan. It sounds made up, but it's 100% true. We'll explore the crimes as well as societal forces at play from unfair sentencing to jaw dissolving health risks. And tune in at the end of each episode as we indulge in cocktails and mocktails inspired by each story. Listen to Crimin on the iHeartRadio app. apple Podcasts or wherever you get your podcasts


Club. Jess hilarious is on maternity leave. She didn't have the baby yet, but she's out. She's resting and, and hopefully little baby Will be. She ain't resting. She trying to get that baby out. She walking. You know, hitting my wife asking when she should take the cast oil. This. Oh she, oh she on that cast castle or Now? Oh well no she's not on it but I don't think she took none yet. Was she about to get on there? Maybe. I Don't know. I'm call it it that. Well let's get to just with the mess. News is real. Jessica Robin Moore just don't do no lying. She don't nobody bro. Why? Just Worldwide Method on The. Breakfast Club. She's a cultureship. She was able to get y'all to see something and understand something that nobody could get you to see.


It's time to set it on. Now. If, you don't know. Two chains and his son Halo have a podcast together. It's called me and Halo. And recently they were doing an interview with TI and his son King and Halo asked King if You know how to spell tomorrow. Now I just asked Charlemagne how to spell tomorrow and Charlemagne got it Wrong. What did I get wrong? I said T-O-M-O-R-R-O-W. What did I get wrong? You said TOMM. That's exactly what you said. Oh, I added to M. Yeah, you sure did. Tomorrow. Two tomorrow. So it's two M's. No it's two R's one M. Yes. That's all you gotta remember. T-O-M-O-R-R-O-W. What King say? Well one halo ass king. This is what he said. How do you spell tomorrow?


Yeah. Oh, okay. T-O-T-O-R. No damn. T-O-M-T-O-M-O-R-R. Oh no that is it. No it is. It's it's both. No, no it's spelled T-O-M-O-R-R-O-W. I Ain't gonna lie. I had a W the reason I gave it to King, I ain't had a W. Good boy. My text messages, the last thing I'm spelling right is tomorrow. I ain't gonna even lie. I put whatever just as long as you, I put Tom wrote, Life is not a spelling bee.


Okay. And You know if it wasn't for autocorrect, some of y'all would be spelling just like that. No, I spell just like that. I actually put the number two and then I put M-O-R-R-O tomorrow. Yeah. You don't realize how bad you can't spell. I mean like we, I write every day, right? Because of my profession. But most people don't write every day. No. So you be shocked how many words somebody be like, spell such and such and you be, you'll say it and it come out wrong. Well not only that, when I text now, a lot of times I, I talk into the phone. And, I don't actually write things down. I talk into the phone, Hey, da da da da da Keep, I ain't got that kind of energy. I'm not gonna lie. You gotta call me. I just started using audio messages like, 'cause I feel like if I gotta, if I'm gonna do that, I might as well just call you.


Nah, I don't do audio messages. But if I'm, if I'm typing something, I could be like, yo, Charla manne, I'll see you in a few And, I I. Just write it. Especially when I'm driving and it just, Well I want you to know every time you say that, a few turns to boo. So you didn't send me that. So that's now that explains why Charlamagne. I see my boo. What Yo shit up man. I'm like why? What's that got to do with anything. Now Nelly was arrested yesterday at about 4:45 AM and a St. Louis Casino Global Rap superstar in St. Louis. Native Cornell. Nelly Haynes Jr. Was arrested early Wednesday by Missouri State Highway Patrol in Maryland Heights. According to Missouri State Highway Patrol, Nelly was taken into custody around 4:45 AM at Hollywood Casino in Maryland Heights.


The report says while verifying his identity at the casino, an outstanding warrant from Maryland Heights police department was found leading to his arrest without incident. After arresting him on the outstanding warrant for driving without insurance. Missouri State Highway Patrol said after searching him, they found four ecstasy pills. He was released from jail shortly after his arrest. Missouri State Highway Patrol stated formal charges for felony possession of a controlled substance will be submitted to the St. Louis County prosecuting attorney's office. I don't like seeing people arrested for traffic offenses, man. Like driving without insurance or suspended license or not paying a ticket. Those should be like fees not arrest. I've always thought that my whole life. I don't think that that's that.


That's stuff you should be arrested for. Well I agree. Well, Nelly's attorney Rosenblum Schwartz is saying Ka and what he's saying, what actually happened that Nelly was actually in the casino and Nelly won. He won big. And then when you win big, you gotta go collect your money when you go collect your money. Nelly said he's won. You know big jackpots a bunch of times. They never check his id. They never run to see if he has warrants. They ran to say if he had a warrant this time because he felt like the cop was really trying to make a movie which he did warrant, why Would they have to check Nelly's ID in St. Louis? Exactly. And That's what they're saying. It's Nothing. That's what they were saying. They were saying Nelly travels so much internationally and they always check for warrants and this has never popped up.


So when they found out that he had no a proof of insurance, didn't have him proof of insurance, they cuffed him and paraded him through the casino and they allegedly found the ecstasy pills. They're not saying if that's true or I thought his lawyer said they that that wasn't true either. He didn't, he didn't get arrested for possession of ecstasy. I thought I Read that. No, he get arrested for possess possession of ecstasy. He got arrested for proof of no insurance. That's what he got arrested for. And they're saying that allegedly they found these ecstasy pills in his pocket but they believe that this case will be thrown out and they won't have a problem. Or any other incidents from here. Yeah. I don't like to hear about You. know old heads with young man drugs. I'd be so concerned. Just stick to the THC. Anything else gonna kill you when you over the age of 45? Okay. Yeah. And don't smoke it if it's not.


If You know the smoke isn't good for your cardiovascular health, do edibles please, please stay with me. All that stuff. But his lawyer say had no ecstasy though. So where'd that come from? They didn't say if he had it or had or not. They just said allegedly. That's all they said. They didn't say if he had it or not. Mm. Now and also I just wanna say like what you absolutely positively said yes we have to change those rules because If, you have a traffic infraction. There's no way you should have to go to jail for that. That makes no sense, no sense at all. That answer One time. Yeah, I, yeah, I never, I never liked that. I never thought that you should be arrested for driving offenses. You should. You can be fined crazy. I just never thought that was a reason to put people in handcuffs. And there's been times You know you get pulled over, they think you got a ticket that you done paid.


They cuff you up, sit you in the back of the car, then find out that the ticket is paid. Then they take the cuffs off you like I don't like all that. Yeah, I got, I actually got arrested in Harlem. This is when I first moved to New Jersey. And I didn't know when you moved to New Jersey you have to hand in your license plates. 'cause I'm from the school where You know your dad has license plates. The license plates are all in the garage. So I never handed in my license plates when I moved to New Jersey. And I didn't know that's an infraction that will get you arrested. And they arrested me. And. I got locked up for That. It's the worst. Yeah, it was stupid. Alright, well that is just with the mess. Now when we come back, we got front page news. Morgan would be joining us and then the og, the legend, the icon Mc LTE will be joining us. So don't go anywhere. It's The Breakfast Club.


Good morning. Morning everybody. It's DJ Envy. Just hilarious. Charlamagne the guy. We are The Breakfast. Club. Let's getting some front page news. What's up Morgan? Good Morning. Yes. So President Biden, he's weighing in on the ticket. In fact, he doesn't have faith that a peaceful transfer of power will happen if former President Trump loses the election. Biden made the mark stop in an interview with CBS news set to air in full on CBS Sunday morning. Let's hear more from President Biden. Trump Loses. I'm not confident at all. He means what he says. We don't take him seriously. He means it all the stuff about if we lose, there'll be a bloodbath. Look what they're trying to do Now in the local election districts where people count the votes or elected, they're putting people in place in states that they're gonna count the votes.


Right? You can't love your country only when you win. I've been saying this for weeks. Y'all don't listen to me 'cause I got a list. You will have Trump's cronies all around the country who will refuse to certify the results of the election. You have a Supreme Court that Trump handpicked three far right judges on. And in light of all the Supreme Court's recent rulings, what do you think they're gonna do if Trump loses in November and then Trump challenges the results of the election? What do you think the Supreme Court is going to do? Overturn it. Like you said, no, but seriously you have been saying things and don't be so down on yourself 'cause you're saying stuff and then stuff is happening. So keep talking. The President did refer to the comments that Trump made back in March while talking about economic policy saying that in the following months that he would accept the results of the election if it was fair, legal and a good election.


So Yeah. And, and when he just told all those folks, You know, vote for me this one last time, you'll never have to vote again. I'm telling you, fixed it. The GOP has it fixed to where either when they lose elections, the elections are rigged, the elections weren't fair or they win. That's it. Those are, those are the two options for them. All right, well, switching gears in other news, more details are surfacing surrounding the Sonya Massey case, the black woman who was shot and killed by a former sheriff's deputy in her home in Illinois. Now Illinois Governor JB Pritzker says he is disappointed with the answers. Sanga County Sheriff Jack Campbell has given for why the deputy who shot and killed Sonya Massey was even hired.


The governor doesn't understand how the sheriff ended up hiring former Sima County Sheriff's Deputy Sean Grayson. Without knowing his background, let's hear more from Governor Pritzker. The way in which this deputy sheriff was hired. The background should have been, the background should have been taken into account. The way he was hired is an enormous question mark. Yeah. So records show that the Mont County Sheriff's Office was the sixth Illinois police department that Grayson had worked for in less than four years. In an interview last week that with a BC news, Campbell's called Grayson's Career Path a plus and noted that he didn't have any use of force complaints against him prior to being hired. Now Grayson faces three counts of first degree murder in the shooting of Sonya Massey.


And of course, switching gears to team USA and team USA news, the United States continue to collect hardware at the 2024 Paris Olympics and track and field. Quincy Hall won his first career Olympic medal after taking gold in the men's 400 meter final. Kenneth Brooks won silver in the 300 meters steeplechase and Katy Moon captured silver in the women's pole vault final. Now, US women's basketball beat Nigeria 88 to 74 in the quarter quarterfinals of the Olympics extending their winning streak to 59 games. A Wilson led all scores with 20 points and 11 rebounds for a double double. And team USA will take on Australia in the semifinals on Friday and the US women's soccer will play for gold.


After defeating, Germany won n in the semifinals of the women's soccer tournament. The match went in extra time with Sophia Smith breaking the scoreless tie in the 95th minute, the US will now battle Brazil. Good luck on that for the gold medal on Saturday. Did you guys know that Dennis Rodman's daughter Trinity Rodman is on that team? I had no Idea. She's busy. Absolutely. That's so cool, right? She plays soccer. So of course team USA claimed 94 medals total, which includes games best 27 medals with just four days left in the Olympics.


So keep in mind that If, you download the free iHeartRadio app. It features hourly updates and highlights of NBC's coverage of the 2024 Paris Olympics. That's your front page news.


You guys got any questions? Alright. No, you covered a lot, Morgan. Thank you very much. Thank you. So If, you want some more? You can hit me on social at Morgan Media and of course, more news coverage at the Black information network. BIN news.com. Talk to you to y'all again, The og the legend Mc LTE will be joining us. We gonna kick it with Mc L when we come back. So don't move, it's The. Breakfast. Club. Good morning The. Breakfast Club. Morning everybody. It's DJ Envy. Jess. Hilarious. Charlemagne the guy. We are The Breakfast. Club. We got a special guest in the building. Yes, indeed. An icon. A legend hip hop man. Royalty man. Ladies and gentlemen, we have Mc L. Welcome. Thank you.


How are you feeling This morning? Thank you very much. I Feel good. I feel energized. How do you feel when you hear that icon? You know Legend. It's all true. Pioneer is another one you should add. How do you feel? It feels good, I guess. Yeah. I feel like I'm still doing work. You know And I. Think there's also a whole host of people that really don't understand why other people say that. Well, one of the reasons is you are the first female rapper to release a full solo album with light as a rock back in 88. Did you even understand the gravity of that? Did you even know what that meant back then? Absolutely not. Hmm. Yeah. No. I went in, as a matter of fact, I can look at it now and see that it was an audition, but when they asked me to come to Staten Island to meet with the record label, I just was going.


I had my little rhyme book. I, I asked my mom could I go, I think it was on a school night. And so I met the guy that really I grew up in hip hop with. As a matter of fact, I write my rhymes the same way that he taught me how to write my rhymes. Wow. And so I got on the ferry, I went all the way over there and You know I had my rhyme book. I pulled it out. I said my rhyme milk was like, say something to this. Okay, now say something to that. And it You know. And literally that's how I crammed to understand you and paper Thin and Light as a rock. And all of that was born. But no, I just felt like I was, I was just doing what I love You know like you're one of the reasons that men are so toxic You know between the hardcore era hip hop and you saying that you wanna rough ladies want a roughneck, right?


Oh yeah. That's terrible. That's how we Gotta be. I'm So sorry. Wow. He said I'm so sorry. I'm so sorry. When I perform now I'm like, where all the rough, okay, where's all the reform Roughneck? Yeah, I'm sorry about that. You know, one of my favorite versions from you was on self destruction, but even back then, you always had socially redeeming messages in your, in your music. Why did you feel the need to address social and political issues back then? Well, I attended an African school as a kid called Wale. And, excuse me, there were certain values that we just learned. And I felt like I needed to use my voice for something important. And because my mom worked at North General Hospital in Harlem, and when I would go see her, I would get on the elevator.


She was on the seventh floor, but I think on the third or fourth floor was the rehabilitation center. So sometimes getting into the elevator, I would see like heroin addicts that had decay, veins and holes. And I. I just was like, what a rough life. I need to say something to my peers in hopes of them never going this route. And then aside from that, I saw Ford, Apache, the Bronx, really early in life. And I was like, oh my God, they put her on drugs. They made her a drug addict. So no, you don't need to be anywhere around that. So I think that's where it stems from. You think, you think artists now have a cultural responsibility to use their voice for, for adv advocacy and just to spread messages?


I, I would think so. But that's not the story that most of us tell. I do think that there is room for everyone. And I always have to use what it is that I know. Heavy D wasn't that. But we still loved him. He promoted love, which I think is one of the most important, important aspects of life Will was never that. But we love him still. He made us feel good and feel confident and and strong. So I think it's room for it all, but I do think it shouldn't be ignored. Do You think that's missing in hip hop now? Like the self-destruction type of records, people coming together for good 'cause you don't really see that anymore. Yeah. Like I don't think you can get a self-destruction type of record now. I I think we could if someone who is, I think if Kendrick said we gonna do it, it would happen.


Absolutely. You gotta give the power to those who have it at this moment. And if they decided that that's what they wanted to do, I'm sure it would happen. Who Put Self-destruction together? A RS one, Ks one and he called everybody and said, let's do it. And everybody obliged. Absolutely. You haven't put out an album in 10 years, but you got a new album coming out called 1 0 1. Yeah. Why you getting back into this crazy Game? LL Challenged Me. He did. Yeah. We, we did a Leading Women Define is one of those annual events De Lee does. And so I did a fireside chat with him and in the midst of it, You know, he says, I'm putting out new music. I was like, oh, that's great. He said, when you putting out music, And I was like, well, I, I don't know.


It was like, stop being scared. I was like scared. And once he said that And I was like, okay, I gotta get to it. And I had been working on music, but I had been working on music so long at that point it was just like, okay, I guess I'm just working on music with no real plans to do anything with it. And then finally I said, now's the time. In 2014, I did a really great record called Legend. Legend. Yeah. And the guy, the executive producer was not such a good guy and he took advantage of the producers that were on the record. And I just was like, I don't want to get into that hell. And so I'd rather give it away than get into the game of the promotion and marketing and involving these guys who really weren't being taken care of in the right way.


And so that kind of fell by the wayside. And I think that took a little bit of steam outta me as well. But this this new one. I really enjoyed making it. You got a song, king King with Queen Latifah, where you're uplifting and honoring good men. Is that your way of atoning for roughneck and kind of right your wrongs? Sure thing. Yeah. You know what's so crazy is I get so emotional when I see the winning team, that moment of vulnerability when they've won and they're showing one another. You know the, the respect and the love and the honor, and you can see all of the turmoil that they've gone through for the whole season.


But also, I see a lot of young guys who have found the woman that they wanna be with, but perhaps they're not with other guys who have made that step into what it really takes to enter into manhood. And so it's like, nah, she ain't the one or You know. You've gotta, you've gotta be able to decide who is good for you. And so I just wanted to You know, uplift those who have made those decisions in hopes of the younger on the way to being King can say, oh, that's a good thing. Creating and creating the spotlight for the role model so that they can become what it is that others will look at and say, I can be that.


I wasn't being back in the studio with Queen Latifah just spending that time with her. It was great. You know, we spend, we spend a bit of time together preparing for her shows. So we've done maybe about four shows with her this year. And when I say we, I mean myself and Yo-Yo and Monie love Monie love tours with her all the time. But when she calls in the pack, we all come in and we get to spend a couple of days together. But this, it was so funny, I was in the studio. I told her, I'm gonna be in the studio from two to two. She shows up at midnight, she's like, yo, where you at? Okay, I am here. And she shows up and I'm like, I play it for her. And I'm like, okay. And she goes, okay. And she goes into the studio.


And so my promise to her is do this. And I don't want nothing else from you Ever again in life. Well, no. With this song. With this song. Okay. Right. All right. We Got more with Mc l when we come back, it's The, Breakfast Club. Good morning. Morning Everybody. It's DJ NB. Just hilarious. Charlemagne. God, we are The Breakfast Club. We're still kicking with Mc L. Legend. Thank you. I Feel like the eighties artists had a tough time. And I feel like we don't celebrate those artists enough, right? Well, we talk about lights and the the people You mean. I don't consider you a eighties artist though. Well, I, I started in 88, started in the, I got, I got one off in the 88, but Even the early nineties.


Yeah. But most of my success is in the nineties. But what I can say is, so did Will


The podium is back with fresh angles and deep dives into Olympic and Paralympic stories You know. And those, you'll be hard pressed to forget. I Did something in 88 that hasn't been beaten. Oh Gosh. The US Olympic trials is the hardest and most competitive meet in The World. We Are athletes. We're going out there smashing into each other full force. Listen to the podium on the iHeart app or your favorite podcast platform. Weekly and every day during the games to hear the Olympics like you've never quite heard them before.


From the writer of Amazon Prime's Red, white, and Royal Blue comes a hilarious and demented new audio mystery. Does this murder make me look gay? Mustand dead? Then it's probable that whoever killed Vandy is in this very room. Lock her up. Lock her up. You killed your daddy. You don't get anything. Fizzy 9 1 1. What's your emergency? I'm in the Monroe Estate. And I just caught a murderer. Yes. I'll Hold featuring the star studded talents of Michael Yuri, Jonathan Freeman, Douglas Sills, Cheyenne Jackson, Robin De Jesus, Frankie Grande, Sean, Patrick Doyle, Brad, Oscar, Nathan, Lee Graham, Seth Rodsky, Leah Aria, Leia, Solana, and Kate McKinnon as Angela LANs Ferry. Lic Lick those toes. Listen to, does this murder make me look gay? As part of the Outspoken Network on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts,


I wanna know how to leverage culture to build a successful business. And Butter Nos is the podcast for you. I'm your host, Brandon Butler, founder and CEO of butter, a TL. Over my career, I've built and helped run multiple seven figure businesses that leverage culture and built successful brands. Now I wanna share what I've learned with you and on Butter Nos. We go deep with today's most influential entrepreneurs, innovators, and business leaders to peel back the layers on how they use culture as a driving force in their business. On every episode, we get the inside scoop on how these leaders tap into culture to build something amazing. From exclusive interviews to business breakdowns, we'll explore the journey of turning passion for culture into business. Whether you're just getting started or an established business owner, butter Nos will give you what you need to take your game to the next level. This is Butter nos. Listen to Omics on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts.


In a world where TikTok didn't exist yet, the comedy of across borders, the Heart of America, Latinos, and his catch phrase are part of our culture. But Sonoro e iHeart's, Marco Doura, podcast Network present. I'm Philippe Spar from his television debut. Listen to NATO as part of Michael ura podcast Network in LA iHeartRadio, apple Podcasts, or wherever you stream podcasts.


Back in 1969, this was the hottest song around It's tough, the Season so hot that some guys from Michigan tried to steal it. High, high of the season for love Season. My name is Daniel Ralston For 10 years, I've been obsessed with one of the most bizarre and audacious cons in rock and roll history. A group would have a hit record and quickly they would hire a bunch of guys to go out and be the group. People were being cheated on several levels. After years of searching, we bring you the true story of the fake zombies. I was like, blown away. These guys are not gonna get away with it. Listen to the true story of the fake zombies on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts.


So to ll Nas was shortly after he came in 92 said, I wasn't too, but even Ll I don't, I don't feel like ll gets the love and, and, and respect that he should for what he has done. Like If, you really think about it. I feel like he does. When people talk about top Fives, Ll should be in that conversation and a lot of times he's not, which is crazy to me. You think about what LL did and what he trends send to what he is, I feel like he doesn't necessarily get the love that he should get. Big Daddy came the same way, right? I guess I'm in the circle that gives the love. So, and And. I, I see the respect. And now with his new brand and the new platform that he has, I think You know For me, success is tied to how many others can you help, right?


Who are you lifting up? Who are you reaching back Absolutely. To pull up. And he's definitely been able to do that and put a lot, a lot of people to work who haven't been to work in some time. And you got another song on your album called Change Your Ways. Yeah. How important is Self-Reflection and accountability? Oh my goodness. It's everything. It's, it's your whole experience. And You know, I've learned so many things throughout the years about me still learning about me. What it is. People will tell you what you like before you even know what you like. And so for me, I think the move to LA actually allowed me to claim my independence and my independent thought.


And so, yeah, self-reflection. And you have to quiet, you have to have things quiet enough to even be able to really understand what it is that you can do to be better or how it is that what you just said Mm, wasn't okay. This life of an entertainer, everyone is always telling you how good you are, how right you are taking whatever case in point. I remember being told at an early age, you shouldn't work with women because they're too emotional. Well, what I found out was, for me, I don't have to be emotional at all working with guys. This is the what I taught myself.


As a matter of fact, I could say whatever to you, do that, please get that done. Yeah. But You know no emotion at all. Not really understanding that it affects men when you talk to them like that as well. But more importantly, I wasn't ready to be responsible in my tone and how it is that I communicated what it was that I wanted. Mm. And with women, you ain't getting away with that. You ain't just saying something any old kind of way. It's like, excuse me, can you say that in a way that I can have it? And so it just made me more responsible for how it is that I communicate. Because to me, it's not being mean. It's just straight to the point.


Right. This is what I'm looking to have done. But when you're on the receiving end of that, you go, oh, okay, wait a second. I I could put a little bit more heart into that, A little bit more love into that. And so yeah, self-reflection Is great. Always wanted to know when, when you were out and Foxy and Kim and Trina and Kaya came out, what was your thoughts at that time? 'cause that's when hip hop changed a lot and people were Yeah, were going at them so heavy. What were your, what were your thoughts? I remember we were on tour. And I got on the bus and someone had music playing and it was something ep And I was like, what is this?


I said, you gotta turn this off. I was at a club in Los Angeles, And I heard the guy say something, something. I went over to the dj, And I said, can you turn this song? And he said, okay, how different of a world that I would even ask a DJ to turn that and he would turn it off. Now, that would never happen from the east side going anywhere. None of the male rappers called women. None of them. Not KRS One, not Will, not ll not anyone that I had ever heard on the East Coast refer to a woman as that. So it was completely out of the stratosphere for me.


Even seeing Biggie and Puffy in a jacuzzi with women, I was like, oh my goodness, what's happening here? So things were changing very quickly. I didn't really know how to feel about it, except this is crazy. What do we do now? You feel like it was systemically done, but I I I, I asked that about rap and television because as you said, the rappers weren't talking like that. Then all of a sudden it was just an abrupt change. Right? Yeah. Same thing with tv. We had all of these positive images of black people and then it was just abrupt change reality tv. Do you think that it was systemically done Just now? When you said that, I thought of it really starting on the West Coast.


I think it was maybe nwa I got, I would really like to note who used it first in a record. I think it was different culturally and what was happening in New York wasn't necessarily happening in the south and wasn't happening on the West Coast. And, I think once we began to merge all of these cultures together is when it became okay to call someone a dog. I remember being in the airport and somebody from somewhere else said something to my dancer and was like, what up dog? And my dancer was like, dog, who the hell you calling dog? But it wasn't a bad thing. It meant you, my dude. You might You know with the way that we reference perhaps someone that we have affection for or in that case.


So I just think it's different culturally, systemic. I'm not sure I have entertained this conversation before, like, what is the brink? Is it the door that has now opened to, you can say anything I, that actually happened with the sitcom You know. I had them tell me, You know we can curse in this. You can say whatever you want. Because they kept looking at the scripts and they didn't see anything. And I said, no, this, this is how I want it. I remember sitcoms where you didn't need that And. I wanted it to be wholesome. I wanted, but they kept saying, this is streaming. You can say whatever you want. Thanks for letting me know. We're gonna keep it right here. So yeah, I think the doors opened and it was just whatever, however, do it.


Did the label ever ask you to change at All? Sound more like this or do this more or way less close are way less close? Exactly. Get sexy. Never, Because we were too early. They didn't know what to tell us to do. And it worked. You know. And it wasn't until a whole new thing came in, which it had to You know growth is is what happens. But I do remember doing a photo shoot, And I, I must have been about 21 And. I was ready to think I was a little sexy. He was something tight on. And Sylvia saw the photo shoot and she called me and she said, what is this? I was like, oh, well I'm, I'm growing up. She said, no, you're not. You are gonna stay as young as possible for as long as possible.


Put your jeans on and get out in the street and take a photo and show your youth. And that was the cover of Act like You know. So we did a whole new shoot. And I, thank her for that. Did it bother you watching all of your personal stuff play out so much on social media or just online like, oh, M mc lights got a divorce and this act? Right. I don't know that it bothered me so much. I just love having the opportunity to get 'em told. So at that point you've said whatever you wanna say, I get to say whatever I wanna say, which was You know really difficult back in the day to be able to give your opinion very straightforward. We had no platform that we could technically use.


And so yeah, say what you want and then I'll say what I want. All right. We got more with Mc l when we come back. Don't move. It's The. Breakfast Club. Good morning. Morning everybody. It's EJ MD Jess Charlamagne, the guy. We are The Breakfast Club. We're still kicking with Mc Light. Charlemagne. How, how challenging have it been for you, if at all, to constantly have people assume you were gay? Because I remember when they announced you were divorced, everybody was like, oh, I thought you right. And in the news You know, You know. To me it is just when I said people will say that you like something before you even know what you like You know.


And my biggest thing with the younger generation is don't be so prepared to put yourself in a box. You're learning You know life is what it is. Coming outta teens into your twenties, you're seeing things I had to learn much later on in life. Everything you think doesn't need to happen, it can be a thought and stay there. Everything that you see other people do doesn't have to be the life for you. You know, growing up as a an only child, things are impressionable. It's like, oh, okay. That must be the, okay, wait a minute, hold on. Okay, we not doing that. No. Okay. And so for me to be able to choose my life for myself is extremely important.


So did it bother me? Perhaps in the beginning, but then it just became, oh, okay, well that's how you wanna feel. That's great. And that's not saying that those types of things didn't happen in my life, but that's not all of who I am. Oh, so the rumors did stem from somewhere, but that Yeah. Okay. Right. You experimented basically. Gotcha. You gotcha. Yeah. When you're young, especially in this business, it's like, okay, you, you think it, okay, let's make that happen. Oh, now you about to open up the Illuminati conspiracy theories. Well, Well the sad part about it is many people get stuck there. They're stuck with what it is that other people want them to be or are comfortable with them being.


You can't possibly look like that and want to do that, or you can't possibly look like that and want to be with a man or find men attractive. Or me getting married, first off, I'm way more traditional than anybody would ever assume. So me getting married was because I believe in the sanctity of marriage of partnership. It not working was devastating for me. But it also called to action. Me being responsible for the way that I speak, for the way that I behave and being accountable for someone else's feelings. And so now they say, you call in who it is that you are.


I'm a much better person. So who I have called in is a reflection of that And. I love him. And so are we in a hurry to get married? No, he's been married in divorce or I've been married in divorce. So being married isn't exactly the thing that we're all jumping in to, to be in once you've experienced it. But it is something that we're working towards and he's so totally different from a roughneck. I would hope so. Yes. When my family You know met him, it's like, oh my God. And he's really ray of sunshine and so different from any type that I've ever been with.


And so I had to learn that. That's okay. He's from Philly, so he's got the swag. Does it necessarily show No, but You know what, I love everything that's happening on the inside and he feels the same way about me. So many men would be like, oh, well I've heard this and You know, I'm not sure. And but he can get past all of that and see who I am and just love me for who, who I am. Which Is the most important You know. I was gonna ask too, like when y'all, because it feel like all of y'all were so blessed to find your tribe early. Like it feel like you and Queen of Teeth and Jada, all y'all found each other very, very early. When somebody like Jada is writing a book, does she call you and say, okay, like I'm going to share these stories.


Yep. I'm gonna talk about this, I'm gonna talk about that. So I want you to know that this is out there. Okay. That's what sisterhood is. Alright. Right. And that's why we're friends because had a book came out, And I was in it and she had said nothing. I'd be like, okay, what? What's up? Oh, I didn't get a chance. No, we don't, we don't have those, those discrepancies where for some reason something happens in the other one. If, if her name comes up in an interview, yo, check this out. I was at the such and such and this came up and this is what I said. I don't want it to come to you any other kind of way. We take care. And in these types of friendships, you gotta take care because there are so many areas where people are careless that if we're gonna depend on one another in a true friendship, you gotta take care of it.


Because in the book she addresses rumors of y'all being together, And. I'm like, well what if people don't know that? And now, oh, and now and now when light or somebody does an interview, they gonna ask that question. Well, I think the point is it never was. It never was. Right. So she can bring that up. It did not be an issue at all. And for her, I guess it was important, maybe people addressed her with that more than they did with me because I I've never been approached with is that You know. So yeah, I'm happy for her that she was able to get all of what it was that she was feeling out in the book and and also celebrate our friendship because it is true that we have a sisterhood.


If it only feels right that it would be reflected and spoken about in the book, and if that were removed it would sort of be like, really don't, don't we have a friendship? Not that I needed to be in the book, but when you're evaluating truth and what is, I would expect that it would be There. Oh yeah, you were. And the book she speaks so highly of you. Like you were one of her pillars in her life. Yeah. Yeah. And what is Sunny Girl Inc. That is the management and production firm that we have. Got you. Dr. Lynn Richardson. And I. Matter of fact, sunny Girl was just a loan out company in the beginning. And it wasn't until she came on as COO and asked me what did I want to do. And I said, I wanna make this a full fledged management company.


And she said, okay. And so we've worked at it and it's one of my proudest moments to be involved with the career of others. Let off the Album, let's play something off the album. What you wanna hear? K. King King. King. King. Alright. Your Queen Latifah new album. We appreciate you. We love you. You thank We value you and we appreciate you Mc Light. You are an icon. You are one of the reasons that we even sitting in this studio because of Right. The foundation that people like you laid. Thank you fellas. Appreciate. Thank you. Appreciate a new album. One one comes out in September. Yes. And make sure you go pick it up. And thank you again. Thank you. It's The Breakfast Club. It's Mc Light. Y'all knock you off Square. Hey. Okay.


Mc light salute to mc like the icon. The legend. Appreciate her always. That's right. That record features Queen Latifah. It's called King King. King King. That's right. Yes. Off her new album. Be in September. Yes, we are The Breakfast. Club Jess Solaris is on maternity leave. So we're holding it down. So let's get to Jess with the Mess Is Real. Jessica Robin Moore. Jess don't do no lying. Don't she don't spare nobody Worldwide. Jess worldwide Niece On The Breakfast Club. She's a cultureship. She was able to get y'all To see something and understand something that nobody could Get you to See. It's time to shut it door.


Now this looks crazy. You need to, you need some better light bro. 'cause you in front of the sun and your, your your waffle colored skin and the way your Beijing is hitting that light is scaring us. Isn't that scaring you? Right. I didn't even know who that was on the screen. Just now. I got a light-skinned friend look like Michael Jackson. You hear me? The sun's coming on man. The sun's Coming out. The sun's coming out. That sun's coming. Lemme wipe The camera. The sun. I meant the light. I just turned the lights On. Maybe God does turn the sun on. You know. Okay. Alright. Where we got a little better? Alright, well anyway, let's start off with p and b. Rock You know his murderers were found guilty yesterday. Now the murderers were a father and son duo that were trying to get his jewelry.


Allegedly A man has been convicted in the shooting death of rapper p and B Rock. Freddie Lee Tron was found guilty of felony murder, robbery, and conspiracy at a Compton Superior Court this afternoon. The incident happened at a Roscoe's Chicken and Waffles in South LA back in 2022. The rapper whose real name is Rakim Allen was dining there when investigators allege Cron sent in his teenage son to rob and kill him. Prosecutors argued the 41-year-old father was the one who orchestrated the deadly robbery and was his son's getaway. Driver's co-Defendant Tremont Jones was also found guilty of robbery and conspiracy.


Sentencing is set for August 27th. Horrible man. Like, like what type of father sends their child their blood, their seed on a dummy mission like that. Like we supposed to be out here passing along generational blessings, not encouraging our kids to keep generational curses going like, like whatever the white man do to them or, or well him the father. Whatever the white man do to the father. He earned it Hard to have empathy for people like that. I feel bad for the son because he was just raised around young man. Never stood a chance. No, he never stood a chance In life. What happened to his son at that point? Like you say his father raised him. His father did the wrong thing. That's how he was brought up. So now what happens in this situation? Well, he going to prison too. But You know the young man never stood a chance in life. You know if his daddy was moving like that.


So I don't know man. Well, Kodak Black, he visited some Florida teens, some youth football team and he decided to talk to the kids. And this is what he had to tell them. If they no drugs, they too good. Y'all don't like it. Go crazy. Discipline and all that good. Go to school, play football. Gotta have your education home man. This is what you learn. Had brotherhood and that You know what team mean. Team means together. Everyone achieve all that good feel me? So we ain't no one ain't one. Y'all out. How raw y'all live? Ain't no one bigger than the team. Oh yeah. Y'all city, y'all brick city Man.


Drop on a clue bomb for Kodak Black. Okay? Very simple and plain. That message was very clear and concise. Don't do drugs 'cause they are good and you will get addicted. Okay? Unity and group operation is a must and you need to get an education. That's right. All right. He said, he said say no to drugs. They're too good. Y'all gonna go crazy on him. So he ain't not wrong stealing From drugs. He Right. Try on a cool monster for Kodak Black. Okay, Kodak black out here talking, playing sounding like 10 walls. You hear me? Okay? Right KB for vp. What's up Now? One of the producers just hit me and said on in the PB rock story, the sun isn't charged. Oh he is not. That's what they're saying.


Yeah. I thought he was charged, but they're saying the son not. Yeah, I thought they charged both of them. They said Freddie Tron was found guilty of felony murder, two counts of robbery and one count of conspiracy. Now moving on Taylor Swift, she had to cancel her, show her overseas. And that's because of they believed that somebody was planning a terrorist attack. Taylor Swift scrapping all three nights if her eras to were starting tomorrow in Vienna after Austrian police say they thwarted an ISIS inspired terror plot targeting her concert. Swiss team sang in a statement with confirmation from government officials of a planned terrorist attack at Ernst Topple Stadium. We have no choice but to cancel the three scheduled shows for everyone's safety.


The decision come,


the podium Is back with fresh angles and deep dives into Olympic and Paralympic stories You know and those you'll be hard pressed to forget. I did something in 88 that hasn't been beaten. Oh Gosh. The US Olympic trials is the hardest and most competitive meet in The World. We Are athletes. We're going out there smashing into each other full force. Listen to the podium on the iHeart app or your favorite podcast platform. Weekly and every day during the games to hear the Olympics like you've never quite heard them before.


Welcome to cri, I'm Maria Tramer And, I'm Holly Fry. Together we invite you into the dark corridors of history and true crime For each season. We explore a new theme from Poisoners to stalkers, art thieves to snake oil salesman. We uncover the secrets of history's most interesting figures such as Walter Minks, the man who built his own submarine, hoping to escape with his blackmail payout under Lake Michigan. It sounds made up, but it's 100% true. We'll explore the crimes as well as societal forces at play from unfair sentencing to jaw dissolving health risks. And tune in at the end of each episode as we indulge in cocktails and mocktails inspired by each story. Listen to Crimin on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts.


Back in 1969, this was the hottest song around The season. So hot that some guys from Michigan tried to steal it. High, high, high of the season. My name is Daniel Ralston. For 10 years I've been obsessed with one of the most bizarre and audacious cons. In rock and roll history. A group would have a hit record and quickly they would hire a bunch of guys to go out and be the group. People were being cheated on several levels. After years of searching, we bring you the true story of the fake zombies. I was like blown away. These guys are not gonna get away with it. Listen to the true story of the fake zombies on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcast, or wherever you get your podcasts.


Welcome, welcome Welcome to another exciting episode of the Trap Nerds podcast. This is not an episode is a promo You know what it is. Promo time. We in this piece, Trap Nerd, trap nerds real like he never hurt. Join the Trap Nerds podcast every Monday and listen to us discuss all things inside and out of blurred culture. Culture. The World put Tarantino squashes his beef with Marvel and be like, I God this, see, I mean to push shots a road. We'll see, I'll be down. Make You know. Gonna be racing with the best movie and TV reviews from a blurb perspective. I, I think if Bold Male hadn't got fired, Kevin Fi would be in trouble right now. Preach. We giving you Reliable gaming news and real genuine game reviews. I I'll stand for Lightning. Why up does she have three games? Because she a bad dude, I hate you so much. Right? Listen to the Trap Nurse podcast or the Black Effect podcast network, iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts or wherever you get your podcasts


From the writer of Amazon Prime's Red, white and Royal Blue comes a hilarious and demented new audio mystery. Does this murder make me look gay? Pastor Vandy is dead. Then it's probable that whoever killed Vandy is in this very room. Lock her up. Lock her up. You killed your daddy. You don't get anything. Fizzy 9 1 1. What's your emergency? I'm in the Monroe Estate. And I just caught a murderer. Yes. I'll Hold featuring the star studded talents of Michael Urie. Jonathan Freeman, Douglas Sills, Cheyenne Jackson, Robin De Jesus, Frankie Grande, Sean, Patrick Doyle, Brad Oscar, Nathan, Lee Graham, Seth Rusky, Leah Aria, leis Langa and Kate McKinnon as Angela LANs Ferry. Lick them, lick those toes. Listen to, does this murder make me look gay As part of the outspoken network on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts or wherever you get your podcasts


coming. Just hours after officials announced the arrest of two suspects, they say made detailed plans for an attack after being radicalized online. One of the men, a 19-year-old allegedly pledged allegiance to the Islamic State about a month ago. Authorities say the bomb squad removed chemicals from his home an hour south of Vienna that they're now testing for possible explosives. Hey. Yeah, they, she was expecting 65 day, 65,000 people sold out show inside and about 15,000 outside just waiting to hear her. Just trying to hear her. So they were expecting like 80,000 each night. So they canceled it just to make sure her fans and everybody else, I have no problem with that. You can't take no chances with all of those people.


You gotta take every threat as a credible threat. 'cause you just never, never know. Because imagine If, you don't take that threat serious. And then you have the concert and then some BS happens. Yeah, I mean that's sad. You know people, a lot of people are gonna be upset and people are gonna be mad because a lot of people flew in to see her. They paid for hotels, they paid for Flights. Rather be mad than dead. That's true. But it's hard to say that to somebody. No, it's not teenager. No, it's, I'd rather be mad than dead. I mean, you an adult, but Tell a teenager you rather be mad dead Teenagers ain't gonna care. They, they paid their hard earned money. They were so excited to see Taylor Swift You know how, how It is. I, I'm pretty sure If, you give a teenager the would you rather be mad or dead? Okay.


And if they pick, if they pick dead, then they don't understand what death is all. Not at All. Not at all. And that, that, that the 19-year-old in the PNB rock situation, he was charged with murder. But a judge has found that he's not currently competent to stay in trial. Mm. Because he was 17 when he got arrested. So I guess he was, he was 17 in the juvenile system. Yes. But the judge said he's not competent enough to stay in trial. But he was charged with murder. He was charged. Right. Alright, well that is just with the mess now. Sha man, who he giving your donkey to Man? Four after the hour, man, I promise you Florida, I do not go looking for these stories. They find me. Okay. But we need a man named Anthony James Jr. To come to the front of the congregation. We would like to have a word with him. Alright, we'll get to that next.


And also after that, as see in e If, you need relationship advice or any type of advice you can call us up right now. Phone lines are wide open. (800) 585-1051 as C and E. Again, the number is 805 8 5 1 0 5 1 is The. Breakfast Club. Good morning. You are checking out The, Breakfast Club. It's crazy. People in America. I really got Bronx trouble. It's time for day. We in the bro. The craziest people in America come from the Bronx and all he laughed. Why does the Sunshine State consistently produce such strange news?


If I catch all as he said a w my junior out, y'all gonna suck. It's just one. Be many wacky news stories out of Florida on The Breakfast Club. Get you all in traffic home. W my junior out to y'all gonna suck it, right Donkey today for Thursday, August safe goes to an Orlando Florida man named Anthony James Jr. Salute to everyone who listens to us on 1 0 4 5 to beat in Orlando, drop on a cruise bomb from 1 0 4 5 to beat. I love Orlando. I've been in Orlando so much my whole life. My mom's a sister. My aunt lives in Orlando. My my daughter is a competitive cheerleader. So they have all star worlds in Orlando every year. I've spent a lot of time in Orlando.


Okay, love that place. But what does your Uncle Sharla always say about the great state of Florida? The craziest people in America come from the Bronx in all of Florida. And I promise you today is no exception. Okay. And listen, Florida, I don't wake up looking for Florida stories. They find me and this man Anthony James Jr. Was arrested for speeding. But of course he's not getting donkey today for just speeding. Oh, no, no, no, no, no. The show started during the traffic stop. Let's go to Fox 35. Orlando for the report please. A speeding driver stopped on I 95 in Flagler County. And to the deputy surprise, he passes out three times during that traffic stop. Take a look.


Deputies say they could smell marijuana inside that car. And Anthony James Jr. Appeared to be nervous. Deputies say he confessed there was marijuana in the vehicle. But that wasn't all deputies actually found oxycodone pills and a gun once arrested. He said he felt sick and couldn't stay standing up. You think he was taken to the hospital where doctors discovered that he was suffering from some type of severe medical condition. He will be treated there and then face multiple charges. First of all, we don't condone driving under the influence. This man could have killed himself and others just because he was high outta his damn mind. So it's a blessing that this man turned the traffic stop into a rest stop.


Okay, marijuana, oxycodone, pills and a pistol. Marijuana, oxycodone and a pistol. That's what they give you in Florida when you graduate elementary school. Now, if he was smoking in gun and oxycodone pills, no wonder he couldn't stay awake. He was speeding because if he slowed down a little bit, he might fall asleep. What I don't understand is If, you feel the need for speed, you might as well do some speed. Okay? Coming down from speed takes days from what I heard. Okay? In fact, it causes poor sleep and exhaustion. So this young man was clearly on the wrong drugs. Okay? You just got arrested for speeding and now you at a traffic stop passing out, not once, not twice, but three times during the stop.


You out here risking lives. Anthony James Jr. Speeding on the highway and your response is to take a nap during the traffic stop. FYI News outlets in Florida. He wasn't taking a nap. This man was passing out okay? He was gone to the moon. All right? That man was high and had no idea what was even happening to him. All right? When he got pulled over, you probably couldn't even hear the officers over the sounds of the highway. The white noise of the highway was probably just too soothing for him. All right? Did you ever hear those stories of people being so high and drunk they pass out anywhere? Are you one of those people who can sleep any damn way? Anthony James Jr. Is exhibit A. Okay. Police probably thought he was auditioning for a damn NyQuil commercial or something.


All right. I think this man knew he was going to jail. He said f it. Let me get a a few quick naps so when I get in this cell, I can have enough energy to fight for my butt if I need to. Now Anthony did say he felt sick. Okay? He was taken to the hospital where doctors discovered he was suffering from some severe medical complication. And I'm not the highest grade of weed in the dispensary, but I bet you the complication with some type of overdose, right? I bet you the complication came from the drugs that this man was ingesting. I don't know how much oxycodone he took, but it was probably too much. And Anthony will receive treatment before he faces multiple charges. And that's all I got for Florida.


Please give Anthony James Jr the sweet sound to the Hamiltons. Oh, now you are the of the day. You're the Of the day. Heehaw envy corny dads who do radio joke. Okay, you ready? Okay, go. Yep. What do you think His favorite song that we play every hour on the hour is Snooze. I wanna do my joke, but you heard the answer, but I put it in the group chat, man.


What? I didn't see my group. What was It? Oh good. No, no, don't look, don't Look. Okay. When 50 cent, when 50 cent gets Hungry, what does he do When 50 cent get this got to do with the donkey today? No, I just, oh, Come on. All what the okay, hold When 50 cent gets hungry, what does he do? Hold on. When 50 cent gets hungry, I don't know. 58. You're laughing. I'm somebody out. There's laughing. Somebody out there is laughing. Get laughing. This guy's on Oxycodone this morning. Now I'm on oxycodone. This guy's, this guy's on marijuana and oxycodone, y'all. All right, well thank you for that dog here today. Yes indeed.


Now when we come back as c and e 805 8 5 1 0 5, 1 as c and e, you having relationship problems, relationship issues, ask us, we'll try to help you out. I don't got nothing for you this morning, but we talk about it. Why we still here? Huh? Mr. The? Breakfast. Club. Good morning. I said that. Yeah, I know. The, Breakfast, Club that time again. Ask Charlamagne and DJ Envy anything. Pick it up. Pick it up. Pick it up. Rule it's time to ask c and e. Morning everybody. It's DEJ Envy, Jess, hilarious. Charlamagne the guy. We are The Breakfast Club. Usually we do ask Jess or Jess fix my mess right now, but she is out.


So it's as CNEI 805 8 5 1 0 5 1. Hello. Who's this? Hey, good afternoon. Good morning. Good morning. My name is anonymous. You're on the radio sir. Fuck you guys. So I know, man, but I, I can't, this story's too embarrassing, Charlotte. I can't tell it. Okay, Go ahead. What, what happened? All right, brother. So basically my girlfriend cheated on me with a white guy named Africa. Damn. And I know the producer said the same thing. Yeah, He's very embarrassing. So, But now let me get this straight because I Have to one, We could, we could barely hear you. So let let, we can hear this Man. Fine. You just wanted to repeat himself to embarrass himself for no damn reason.


No, but you ain't know the guy is black and his wife is white. His girl is white. Yeah. So repeat it one more time. I am a black man. My girlfriend who is white cheated on me with a white guy named Africa. I am, we have a one year son and this happened a week ago and we haven't been communicating since. She's been blowing up my phone. But I just, I really just don't know how to handle this kind of situation. We've been together since I was in high school. And You know this kind of just breaks my heart. And, I, I just don't know what to do. Why did they call this white guy Africa? That's his literal name. Africa. Oh, it's his name. I thought that was his nickname. Woo. That gave me a sigh of relief because that was his nickname. That mean he got one of them big chaka Zulu man Dingo penises for, and that's, that's red for a white man.


And that's probably why they call him Africa. You not helping him out, bro. What do you need from us? My brother? He wants help, man. I need some advice. What do you do when your spouse cheats on you? Have you ever cheated on your spouse? How End the situation? Have you ever cheated on your spouse? So she cheated On me. I know, but have you ever cheated on her? No. No, no, no. Tell the truth. I need, I need honesty here. I'm like a doctor. I can't help you If. you don't tell me what's wrong. Have you ever cheated on her? So tell the truth. I have never cheated on her. No, sir. Oh, okay. I mean, do you love her? I love her family. Ever since this happened, I, I, I don't know if I love her because when somebody breaks your heart like this, it's, you don't really know what to feel. Those are the questions you need to ask yourself. I mean, I can't sit here and tell you to leave. That's like silly You.


know what I mean? Y'all got a whole family together. So you'd have to ask yourself, do you love her If you love her and you still want to be with her and she still want to be with you? Then maybe y'all can work things out. Is she showing any remorse? Has she apologized? That's so crazy. She's apologized. She's been blowing up my phone. Textes, I I just haven't been able to reply because it's like every time I open the phone I click on your name. And I go to type something. It's just Okay. Just no words come out. You just Gotta, let me ask you a question. Don't take this the wrong way. What's your penis eyes sir? Man, shut up man. See, now you would tell me to be serious and then you gonna ask this man something like that. Shut up man. You know why he want to know. 'cause If you get a divorce. He interested. That's why that because usually, okay, usually It's a rumor or that they usually say white women like black guys 'cause they have bigger penises.


But in this case, maybe your penis size is small and you're not fulfilling her bro. Don't Answer white young Man. Lemme tell you something, envy, we've been together since size school. I'm 26 right now. So You know they're not gonna be together if they're not satisfied for the past. I I'll tell you that. Oh, you 26 years old, you that you young. So y'all young. Yeah, 26 we're young. I I I'll tell you this man, If, you love her and you want to be with her You know, give her the same grace that you would want If you was in this situation, but y'all gonna have to have a real conversation about it You know what I mean? You gonna have to really You know. Maybe go to some counseling and talk this through and try to figure out how, how something like this happens. And, I don't want you to think that it's anything that you're doing wrong. Don't listen to envy. It don't got nothing to do with your penis eyes.


You know, maybe, maybe she's not getting what she wants from you emotionally. I don't know. But that's something that y'all gotta figure out. You, you, you don't want to divorce it, do you? No, no. I, Man, I wanna keep the family together. You know I grew up without a father. And, I. I don't want my son to grow without a, without a father too. Y'all gotta talk. This is what you need to do. You need to answer the phone. Like Charlamagne said, And I was joking before. But you need to answer the phone like Charlamagne said. And y'all need to have a conversation where everything is put on the table. Whether it's a flirt, it's a kiss, whatever that's gonna make you comfortable and, and, and help you try to get over this. That's what you need to do. I advise maybe going to therapy, maybe having somebody in between. Y'all gotta have a media conversation so somebody can understand because If, you might get too emotional and start yelling and start arguing and not listening to what she's saying.


And she might not listen to what you have to say. So I would say definitely answer that phone call. Try to set up a time where y'all could actually speak with somebody there and put everything on the table. And then after everything's on the table, then you could decide If you want to go on from there. But as Charlamagne said, y'all need to have a conversation and really, really open it up. And that therapist is gonna be so confused. Okay? Very confused. Wow. Wow. I mean it's just because you're Charlamagne dj Huh? You're welcome. I really appreciate you guys. Thank you for the advice. I'm gonna pick up that phone, but before you let me go envy Charla. Get honest with Die Lion brother. I need it. You want the book? I got you brother. Hey, send my man a copy of Get honest, get honest a Die Line. I talk about Africa a lot in the book too, so don't be triggered You.


know what I mean? I go to, I go to, I go to different parts of Africa, okay? Every year for the last few years. Okay, hold on. All right. Damn, that's gonna be crazy. You sitting in the therapists office and You know those questions that you be wanting to ask your girl when she cheat. You can't ask 'em in front of the therapist. Therapist can be so confused. How big is Africa? Did you suck Africa? Okay. Alright, see I wasn't taking it soon. Look at you as c and e 805 8 5 1 0 5 1. If. you got relationship questions at any type of question. Call us up now. It's The, Breakfast, Club going on. Ask Charlamagne and DJ Envy anything. Pick It up. Pick it up. Pick it up. Rule it's time to ask C and e. Morning everybody.


It's DJ Envy. Just hilarious. Charlamagne the guy. We are The, Breakfast, Club. It's in the middle of as C in the E. Let's go to the phone lines. Hello, who's this? Hey, this is James. Hey man. What's your question? For Charlamagne and myself? I I guess further I would like to send to you all And I wanna put some positive energy out and the baby, hopefully she comes out of it. Well, and What we, we, we, we received that on behalf of, of our good sister Jess. Hilarious. Yes. So my wife's man, she gives the attitude from anything. I mean anything. Like, I brought home bought Cookie when I was at work, come home and told her how good it she got bad because I ain't bring her one.


So you ate a, you ate a cookie and told her how good it was and she got mad 'cause you ain't bringing her one. Exactly. I I'm, I I feel her. What? No, nah. I'm gonna tell you exactly why I feel her. Because as a father, right, and a husband, when you out and about and you taste something that's good or something that may be good, you gotta bring enough home for the family. I did that last night. Last night when I was doing the daily show, somebody was like, yo, I'm going to Magnolia Bakery to get some banana pudding. So I gotta get enough to bring home for the family. 'cause I don't even eat, I don't even eat sweetss like that. So I, But I was at work. It was my It was what It was lunch break. It don't matter. He Said it was his lunch break. It Was lunch break. It don't matter how many times.


If you If. you ever been into The, Breakfast, Club and you brought food up here? I always bring food on for my wife and my kids. 'cause like Charlemagne said, if I tell my wife it's good And I don't bring it it home. It's gonna be an argument. That's right. So I'm gonna bring it home. And same, same with her. If you something and she knows I'm gonna like it. I'm gonna bring, she gonna bring it home. My, my neighbor comes upstairs, comes down the, Hold on. Now I can't understand that. I just, you said, you say, you said your lady drive a Mustang. Hello. Go to the next call. I can't understand him. Moral of the story is bring food home for your family. Okay. That's right. This I wanna about how good something was If you ain't got it for me to, I can't taste nothing. Darius, How old are you Darius? Hey Darius. 29. Okay, talk to Me Dar, what's your question for seeing E Darius?


All Right, so this is not really relationship vice me and my wife not having relationship problems. It's more like advice from you guys. You about to have our first daughter. Just trying to see if I can get some advice from you guys. 'cause I know you guys are both girl dads Love. Congrats First and foremost. Yeah, congrats. And first of all, yeah, congrats. And second man, you about to be so blessed. It's gonna be so many blessings that rain down on you. Little girls are definitely blessings. And I'll give you the advice my mama gave me. All you can do is love them bro. Ain't no manual. Ain't no rule book. Ain't no one size fits all. Everybody experience gonna be different. But just lead with love and raise your babies outta love and not fear. That's my advice. And. I would also And I would also tell you enjoy it.


Time goes so fast. You'll snap your fingers, close your eyes, you'll look up and your baby will be three. Then she'll be six, then she'll be seven. Enjoy every moment of it. Enjoy changing the Pampers. Enjoy burping that baby. Enjoy feeding that baby. Find her first pair of sneakers. Her first. Enjoy it all. 'cause once they get older you, you gonna miss it all. So enjoy every moment and like Charlamagne said, just continually love, love, show up and you'll be a perfect dad, brother. Okay? I appreciate that man. Hey, last thing, did you guys look down there man in the hospital? Hell yeah. You, you gonna have a whole, you gonna have a whole new experience for that vagina. And that's right. I mean a whole new appreciation for that vagina.


And you gonna realize there ain't nothing you can really do to that vagina. 'cause your penis ain't nine pounds, six ounces. I got you. Okay. All all right. I appreciate y'all man. Yes Sir. Love. Im big fan. Thank you. There is nothing more amazing than watching a woman give birth. When you watch a woman give birth, you realize who really is the the strongest amongst us out here. I'm trying to tell you now. Alright, Well as CNE 805 8 5 1 0 5 1, when we come back we'll tell you what celebrity they say allegedly was hooked on laughing gas. We'll talk about it as we come back as The Breakfast Club. Good morning The. Breakfast Club.


Morning everybody. It's DJ Envy. Jess. Hilarious Charlamagne the guy We are The Breakfast. Club. Jess is out, she's on maternity leave. She did not have the baby as of yet, but we holding it down for her. So let's get to Jess with the mess. News is real. Gloria, Jessica, Robin Moore just don't do no lying. Don't Lie. She don't nobody Worldwide on The. Breakfast Club. She's a cultureship. She was able to get y'all to see something and understand something that nobody could get you to see. It's time to set it on. Now, yesterday Candace Owen shared an unreleased interview with Kanye West.


Now this interview is from 2022. Why she released it now, I have no idea. But during the conversation he spoke spoke about some of the anti-Semitic tweets that he put out. And this was the reason why he said he put these tweets out. Did You know the word alcohol? This was the Spirit Kool-Aid. Yes, absolutely. You knew that? Yes, I believe that it is. It kills it literally. Yeah. Kills your spirit and allows demons to come in and take over. Or that 100% believe that I definitely was drinking when I put up the the def con tree You. know who, who's alcohol? I had to inside me, but I don't know here. See it turns us gray and literally the demons just come in.


Yeah, no I honestly, I was fascinated when I learned that, the history of that. And it's literally because If you drink, you become a different person. It's literally like a spirit has taken over you. That's why they call 'em spirits. Yeah. What else? Also, I was telling you about Kanye West and who's addicted to laughing gas now allegedly. Kanye's ex-chief of staff, Milo is alleging that Kanye is addicted to laughing gas. He claims Kanye's dentist abused his position and kept giving him laughing gas. Allegedly, Kanye spent more than $50,000 per month and he would supply enormous quantities of this gas. Now If, you don't know what it does. You know. You usually take it when you get to dentist, it makes it, you don't feel as much pain.


Now laughing gas can always cause feelings of euphoria, but prolonged use has side effects such as erratic behavior, mood swings, paranoia, and violence, which people are saying are allegedly consistent with Kanye's behavior. Now they're saying that Kanye, this could be part of the reasons why Kanye is acting the way that he is. And he's, he wants these allegations and charges to go against Kanye's dentist. So You know his license could be suspended. And this happens to nobody again. What what's sad man is that You know brothers like Kanye, they deal with mental health issues. They deal with substance abuse issues and they never get the help they, they truly need. 'cause they be having so many enablers around them.


And You know, I I people online will say things like, they always want to say somebody is crazy and on drugs when they speak out about certain things. No, that person really is on drugs You. know what I mean? That person is really dealing with substance abuse issues. That person is really dealing with mental health issues. And, I don't care how much money you make. I don't care how famous you get, you cannot run from your self. Your demons will always catch up with you. Which is why I'm always You know, pushing folks to, to go do some type of healing. Go to therapy, do something because If, you don't deal with your trauma. Your trauma will ultimately deal with you better believe that. Now yesterday, which was also trending was Michael Jordan's son Marcus. People believed that he might have been putting some, some white candy up his nose.


He was out What you call white candy? Cocaine? Yeah. Huh. I believe allegedly that he was putting some white substance in his nose. We, I mean, people don't know what it is. They just see caught a picture of him doing. Shut up man. What the hell you peeing? People don't know what it is. What else could it be? What else could it be envy? I I, I don't know. Come on man. I don't, I don't shoot. Take part in those beha those activities. You see a black man putting booger sugar in his nose surrounded by white women. That's a goddamn party. That's a goddamn party. Ain't a party I want to be at, but it's a party nonetheless. Right. So people with trending scene, he needs help. He needs to leave them white girls alone.


Jordan, come get your daddy. Both of 'em. Both of em need to be the both of white girls alone. Okay. The cocaine and the ones with the blonde hair. You stupid man. We all have mercy. Maybe you were shooting a movie I's gonna say he could, Could maybe it was seen. Maybe It's not funny man. Salute the Marcus man. All right. Oh man. Lil Dall put on Instagram. Little Dall posted. Little Dall said Lil D. See this What y'all don't understand about Lil Dall. He just be up early in the morning high and he be talking out loud. But he do it through I Instagram thought so he why y'all tripping off Michael Jordan's son doing coke? He's Michael Jordan's Sutton.


That's what he's supposed to be doing. Coing Fing Bs. Oh man. And can he say keep y'all po asses, keep y'all po asses outta rich people business jealous of this man living best life. That's what's wrong with you. That's whats wrong. Nobody take nothing serious. We sure don't take nothing serious. We sure don't. You hear me? But why y'all all in the man business taking pictures when that man is just enjoying his vacation? 'cause he Michael Jordan's son and he know that all right, if he was just some random, nobody would care but you Michael Jordan's son and they see you out here living, living your version of the best life best.


Yeah. He living His Best life surrounded by white girl, sniffing white girl. Hey man, somebody putting that on video. Mm y'all. And lastly a drink. I hope that Coke was fentanyl free. Where was he at? In France. Oh man. So he might have had that pure, pure no, that's, that's that, that ain't no GMO cocaine there. That's, that's that organic. Hmm. Well lastly Drake, you remember the song two Good featuring Rihanna? Well, during his a hundred gigs released, which he released a couple of days ago where he just put out a whole bunch of everything, folders, music and everything, there's a 10 minute conversation he has with his mom and he talks about that song and who he's talking about in that song.


I, I get heavy on a couple joys, but This is more about me and Serena. So I, I I gathered, I gathered that, but I wanted to make a song. But you don't want it to. Well it's funny because when I make songs about women, I also make songs for them so I know what kind of song to make. If I'm gonna talk about them, I'll at least do them the justice of making them a song that they like. Yeah. Okay. So I know, I know Serena very well. And I know that she'll hear it loud and clear, but she'll also not hate me for it because it's lighthearted and she has seen someone else. I don't know mom. Yeah. So that was Drake talking about too good. And he got the inspiration and made it for Serena Williams.


And that is just with the mess. Why you looking like that man? Looking like what? What my man, he, he, you had a relationship with him and made a song. He said all the girls that he dates, he, he makes songs or he does stuff for him. That's the vibe. Okay. I'm minding my business. Why do you as a beige person feel the need to come to his defense and start explaining things that ain't nobody ask you about? I'm just riding for my be Brothers. Okay. God bless. I ain't say nothing. You more anything else you want to tell us? Sound like you wearing a wire. You know ain't wearing a wire. What? Like you just over here volunteering information. I ain't say nothing. I'm over be in minding my business. I See the way you look. Oh the insecurity in light-skinned men. Ever since Kendrick Le Ball busted Drake ass is crazy. That's why a lot of times you don't even have to say nothing when they bring up Drake.


Just sit there in silence. All of the beige men in the room be like, what's wrong? Why you good. Why you sitting there looking like that? I ain't doing nothing. I'm just sitting there minding my business. Okay. Your man took a l that don't got nothing to do with me. Y'all don't have to be so sensitive and walk around and wear his L for him, okay? Y'all be fighting for Drake's life more than him. Okay? You. know what? I'm gonna call OVO Eli for our Drake therapy session today. Drake, he asked me he a 69 In God. That's right. What's wrong with y'all? See what's Wrong with you? We was sitting there minding our business. I ain't say nothing, alright, right? Did I say anything red? I was just sitting there cooling drink. I'm actually drinking water. Alright, well people's choice mixes up next. It's The, Breakfast, Club. Good morning. Morning everybody. It's the EJ Envy.


Jess, Larry Charlemagne, the guy we are The, Breakfast. Club, And, I. Wanna salute to my bro 50 cent. Again, I'm in Shreveport, Louisiana, where he's doing his humor in Harmony weekend where he's just bringing people to the city. That's all he's doing. He's spending a a lot of money all on his own, no promoter. He's doing it himself and he's just bringing people to the city to show people what Shave Port has. So he's doing comedy shows, he's doing basketball games, he's doing concerts, he's doing brunches. Double XL is doing the, the freshman cover concert here as well. I'm doing a couple of car shows here just for the city to come out and see what he wants to bring to the city. So I wanna salute to 50 cent. It's amazing to see everything that he has going on through the city, the flyers, the billboards, and all the stuff that he's acquired and purchase.


So I just wanna say salute to him. And if you're heading out there, join me at a call show with Saturday and Sunday. Two day call show 12 to five. We're gonna have all types of celebrity cars stuff for the kids. I know Fifth is gonna be there both Saturday and Sunday. I don't know what time he's coming through, but he got so much going on. I ran into him last night. He was walking around the city. So If, you haven't got your tickets, you haven't pulled up. Pull up to the Drive at Dreams Call Show in Shreveport, Louisiana. If, you can, if not You know next week. We are in New York, New Jersey, August 17th. So I can't wait to see you guys. Yes, and please man, You know there's a lot of different creatives out there, a lot of different artists out there. Please find somebody to draw your beard in properly this weekend, okay?


Because it looks ridiculous right now. To put that ink on, just bare skin is silly. Grow a little bit of your hair You. know what I mean? I don't know why you just don't let you gray show, but grow a little bit of your hair and didn't let them put the dye on it. Just putting dye on bad skin is stupid. I was talking positivity. I was talking about I'm being, this is Positive Harm. The weekend. And I was just telling him. Talk about that. Why you always gotta go There. This is positive. You gonna put a little bit of money in somebody's pocket, You. know what I'm saying? Oh goodness. Right? And then promote the person. 'cause You know the way you look right now, the way you look right now. Whatever artist can fix that needs a million shoutouts. Shut up. And then if, if there is a barber in Shreveport, I'm looking for a part Brand in Shreveport, no If, you. If they're the artist in Shreveport, shut up man.


If, you have an extra paint brush and some extra ink. Shut up. Please, please, please come connect my man's dots. Oh my goodness, man. When we come back positive notice, The Breakfast. Club. Good morning. Morning everybody. It's DJ Envy. Jess. Hilarious. Charlamagne the guy. We are The Breakfast. Club. Now Jess hilarious is out on maternity leave, so she, she didn't have the baby yet, but she's Out. Yeah, she hasn't had the baby. I, I think I, I spoke to her yesterday and she was in, she, she's, she's definitely You know going through it. But the ba I think the due date is what? The 17th. The 17th, yep. Yeah. So she just waiting for the baby to get here. That's all. Alright, well you got a positive note. I do. The positive note is simply a reminder man. You owe yourself the love that you so freely give to other people.


It's just a gentle reminder to let You know that you deserve the same kindness and love you give out to The World, right? Start with loving yourself first. The love oneself is, is just to give the same love you give to others. That's it. Self love. Always remember that your first and LA your first, last and best love is self love. So the love that you give others, please remember to give it to yourself. Have a blessed day. Breakfast Club Bitches. Do y'all finish or y'all done.