
Gear up for outdoor adventures with the 2024 Nissan Pathfinder. This mid-size SUV is designed for epic journeys. Offer a spacious seating for eight available panoramic moonroof and an available intelligent four-wheel drive feature with seven drive modes. Take your off-road experience to new heights. Discover the 2024 Nissan Pathfinder at Nissan usa.com. Intelligent all-wheel drive cannot prevent collisions or provide enhanced traction in all conditions. Always monitor traffic and weather conditions to one capacity, varies by configuration. See Nissan to one guide and orange manual for additional information. Always secure cargo.


You Could sit there and listen to ads or you could take a moment to have a Diet Coke break. First, grab a chilled diet Coke 'cause If. you want it to be perfect. It needs to be crispy. Next, get a big cup of ice. 'cause everyone knows Diet Coke is best served swimming and ice. Then sip it slowly. Feel that burn and enjoy your break for as long as possible. When you need a break, don't forget to grab an ice cold Diet Coke and take a Diet Coke break.


Are you ready to move your career forward? Make your comeback with Purdue Global and get college credit for your work, school, life, or military experiences. With these credits you may have already completed up to 75% of your undergraduate degree. You've worked hard to get where you are. It's time to get the recognition you deserve and earn a degree you'll be proud of. One that employers will trust and respect when you take the next step in your life and career. Make it count with Purdue Global, Purdue's Online University for working adults. Start your comeback@purdueglobal.edu.


I'm Kerry Champion and this is season four of Naked Sports. Up. First, I explore the making of a rivalry. Kaitlyn Clark versus Angel Reese. People are talking about women's basketball is just because of one single game. Clark and Reese have changed the way we consume women's basketball. And on this new season, we'll cover all things sports and culture. Listen to Naked Sports on the Black Effect Podcast network, iHeartRadio apps, or wherever you get your podcasts. The Black Effect Podcast Network is sponsored by Diet Coke.


I'm Jess Cato, executive producer of the hit Netflix documentary series, dancing for the Devil, the seven M TikTok Cult And. I'm Lea Gray, former member of seven M Films and Shekinah Church. And we're the host of the new podcast. Forgive Me for I have Followed Together. We'll be diving even deeper into the unbelievable stories behind seven M Films and Shekinah Church. Listen to forgive me for I have followed on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts.


I listen to the show every single day. Breakfast Club, The, Breakfast, Club with that up on The. Breakfast Club. You can't say Breakfast Club without The, Breakfast, Club. You're like this Rare Air. You got platforms and partners all over the place because your demand is so high. People want to be in business with breakfast, but I don't think white people know how popular You guys are. DJ Envy just hilarious. Charlemagne to God. Yeah, you guys really are like the hip hop, early morning, late night talk show. Y'all know what Y'all talking about. Good morning.


USA. Yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo Yo, yo yo. Jess hilarious. Is on maternity leave. What's up Lauren LaRosa. Good morning Envy. How are you, Charlemagne? It's late. And guess what day it is? Guess what day it is? Home Day. That's right. It's Wednesday. It's middle of the week. What is that smelling here? It's a burning candle. That candy that you The mattress. Yeah. It, it smells horrible. But how you feeling? I feel great. Energized, well rested. I know you getting used to these early Get up and get your life together. Morning. What up Charlamagne? Yo, Good morning. Hey, LL Cool babe. Oh God. What? What?


Today All I said was, Hey, ll cool, but Whenever you're excited my, it's like you because you get excited by all the wrong stuff. So I just always need to know What I don't know why I trigger you. All I said was good. You, you don't know why. Good morning, Gal, gals, gals, gals, gals, gal. Morning should not trigger you. Girls, girls, girls, girls, girls. I was asking how you feeling? That's that what we started. Feel amazing. I feel great. Good. You feel great? Good. Yes. My mom will be here today. Okay. We doing some doctor check-in. She comes up here to do like her three month cancer scans. Okay. And we doing like You know all that stuff so that it is been going well. So that's always a good thing. Okay. Alright. How are you Lauren? I just asked her that. I know. I'm just doing it again. How are you Lauren? I Thought you said you don't know how you trigger me.


Stay with me Lauren. Eva Marcel will be joining us this morning. The beautiful. That's right. She has a, the gorgeous, a new movie on Lifetime. It's called Buried Alive. Buried Alive and Survived. That hits September 21st. Lifetime. Got the illest names for movies though. And they be so on Point. If. you call Buried Alive and Survived. What's the movie about? Somebody who got got a Alive and Survived Survived. Yeah. So we'll be talking with Eva. Marcel And. I'm sure there's a lot of Diddy stuff going on. There was so much going on in court yesterday. That Lifetime movie coming soon too. A thousand K Wises. A thousand K. A thousand K Ys is insane. A thousand k Wises is nuts. I feel like that would hit Tubby before that would hit lifetime. You think Somebody making that right now? Yeah, right now. Wow. Could I just ask one question? Nope.


Could you imagine the person that had to go get the ky, they getting a conspiracy charge. I'm letting You know right now. Whoever you are that went out there and bought that baby oil and lubricant in bulk from Costco, you getting a conspiracy charge. Yo. So I was saying that yesterday. Where do you get that much at one time? Because you can't get a thousand in in Bo. It comes probably like how many cases did they have to carry? I have no idea. But You know what that, that's the thing. I really do want to know what else is Diddy have in his house in bulk? Because maybe we, maybe it just reads funny because of all the other allegations around. Because does have a big House. Maybe he got like fat Else. He got in bulk. Stop it in bottles in bulk. You know butter in bulk. If he said a hundred, that's still a lot.


But a thousand bottles, I need to know what else he got in bulk. That's enough to make. Make sure that everybody And why these oil? They have no condoms in bulk. Now If, you had a thousand lubricants and a thousand baby oils and a thousand condoms. Now it's a real freak off it real freak. Where was the condoms in bulk? Y'all? They didn't mention them. That's what I'm saying. But may there's no dry buts in Diddy house with all that oil. Like think about all the point I want no dry buts in the house. No, no dry buts in the house. But it say not a dry eye in the stinker. Not a dry eye. Not a dry, but in the house. Oh Jesus. All right, well let's get the show cracking front page. When we come back, it's gonna be one of those mornings. It's The, Breakfast, Club Morning. Listen, all that Twitter typing. Did you see me?


And ain't dude, dude ain't do nothing Crop top with some bikers short showing off my moose knuckle. That's how you feel by 2024. Morning everybody hot bar 2024. We The Breakfast Club telling you right now. Lauren Osa filling in for Jess. Let's get in some front page news. Good morning, Morgan. Yes. Turt that with my A. Okay. Okay, Let's So former president Donald Trump. Yeah. He made his first appearance since what authorities are calling a second assassination attempt on his life during a town hall event in Michigan, moderated by Arkansas governor and his former White House press secretary, Sarah Huckabee Sanders Trump talked about lowering energy bills and what jobs in Michigan would look like if he wasn't elected.


Let's hear more from Trump in Michigan. It's my ambition to get your energy bill within 12 months down 50% if I can do that. You've done a hell of a job. 5 0 5, not 1550. If a tragedy happens and we don't win, there will be zero car jobs, manufacturing jobs, it'll all be outta here. And that includes South Carolina. That includes other places that are competitors of yours. Yeah. So Trump went on to say his presidency was consequential and he talked about the response from Secret Service regarding that attempt on his life. Let's hear more from that. Only consequential presidents get shot at.


But what can you do? You have to do, you have to do what you have to do, right? You have to. We have to be brave. And he saw the barrel of the gun coming out from a bush. Can you believe it? This guy was all set. He was all set to do his number. Bob said it's a dangerous business running for president. And he had a nice conversation with President Biden and received a very, very nice phone call from Vice President Harris on Sunday following the event. What were you gonna say Sha? Well, two things. You know that, that talk, he was talking, that's what people want to hear. Like how you gonna make my bills less? But he didn't say how. He just said he was gonna do it. He said he was cutting car insurance. He said he was cutting all that stuff. Sure. But people don't care. They just wanna hear it. You know how you gonna make my bills less? How you gonna put money in my pocket talking about jobs? They wanna act around and find out.


But I will say the one all presidential elections are consequential, like all elections, period, are consequential. There has never been a president that hasn't been consequential. You don't have to get shot at You know to be a consequential president. That's not how that works. Well, speaking of getting shot at Republican senators are demanding more resource resources for the Secret Service following that attempt on his life. On Tuesday, a group of eight senators, including Alabama's, Tommy Tuberville, and Kansas Republican Senator Roger Marshall, they sent a letter to the acting director of the Secret Service demanding increased protection for Trump. Let's hear those comments from them. What you going to take 66 days ago was the first assassination attempt.


What have we learned? Zero. And we don't need some 10,000 word report. We just need to know what happened and how do we fix it. We're Asking him to give Trump the same protection as a setting President And, I call on all the media, especially the legacy media and big, big tech to turn down the rhetoric. Stop attacking, stop censoring and report the truth. So what's the truth? Does the president deserve? They're asking. Okay, so the senators are asking the Secret service director Ronald Road, to respond to their requests in questions by September 27th. They want Trump and his family to have the same security details deserve.


He deserves. He deserves it. Detail. He deserves it as the sitting president. Do you think that's the Case? Yes. Yeah. They try to kill him twice. Yes. He absolutely positively deserves it. They're, they're trying to take him out and he should have, he's a former president, whether you like him or not, he should have enough security where he feels safe and they shouldn't be able to get that close with those long guns to, to pop 'em. Yes. He should have the same security as president. Yeah. Maybe the Secret Service needs to stop being a secret. Like, like maybe they should start being a public service. Like people need to know they're around. Like they should be surrounded. Absolutely. You know. Sometimes you see these You know rappers or these athletes walk in and you can, and you can feel it when they walk in. You know it as soon as they walk in, they got 20 big, dusty, dirty looking security guards. That's what, that's what Donald Trump need.


Yeah. No, he needs, he needs, he needs like, like sitting presidents. Why isn't That automatic already? Because like our politicians, it's different now in our times. Like people are very upset openly about stuff now. Yeah. Like why wasn't it automatic that it picked Well, How president, because like look at Barack Obama. There hasn't been what that many you attempts. Has there been that many attempts? What? Yes, Barack Obama had. So there was so many attempts on his life after, I don't know about after, but You know this would be after. But Yeah. But, but a lot of the stuff you don't hear about, like even If, you Google, like You know the, the people who attempted to do things to President Obama. It was a bunch, but you just, babe, that's when he was a sitting president. This is when he's, when he's not president. Don't, I don't know. I don't know. I don't know about that's, that's the question I don't know about after. But You know. Yes. They need, they like You know how you see some people and he be like, damn, they moving like the president.


Yeah, shoot. The president ain't even moving like the president. That's right. Alright. All right, well we'll talk more on the other side. Vice President Kamala Harris. She sat down with NABJ, the National Association of Black Journalists. And we'll hear about that in the next hour. Alright, Everybody else get it off your chest. 805 8 5 1 0 5 1 If. you need to vent. Phone on to wide open again. 805 8 5 1 0 5 1. Get it off your chest. It's The Breakfast Club. Good morning The. Breakfast Club. This is your time to get it off Your chest. Chief Cole. 8 5 8 5 1 0 5 1. We wanna hear from you on The. Breakfast. Club. Hello. Who's this? Good morning y'all.


This is Laha from Columbus. What's up? What's up Laha from Columbus First. Who up there? Is it you Charlamagne and Lauren? Yes ma'am. But I'm saying who all there, like who all over there? Yeah, it's, it's the same people. Hey, who You looking for? What we doing? Hey, I, first of all my boo in there getting me some Ram Bull, so I don't know what's going on. I had a thought though. Let me tell y'all this. So You know the whole Diddy stuff, right? We heard about it. Yep. I, I I personally want to create a safe space for y'all right now. Be honest. Did he play any y'all jingle there? No, he ain't never played with no booties over here. Nope. No booties over here. I never even been been to a Diddy party so I've never been To party the camera spin all three of us to just see the reactions real quick. No, that never happened. I'm just wanted to make sure.


'cause if I find out if I end up on Instagram or something and I'm, it's some news and they talk about Izzy. What's Casey and Leonardo? Okay. And y'all was out here at the Diddy Party's going stupid. I'm calling up here every day and I'm gonna write a letter. You know what's crazy though. It's funny though. 'cause You know, he, we, we was on remote for how long? Eight years, something like that. Yeah. Long as everybody had this misconception. Diddy is dead. Boss did he Diddy ain't did. He's never been our boss. And I mean that was said numerous times. But for, for whatever reason people believe that no, it was a partnership. But nah, Diddy was never our boss. And like I said, I don't believe, I never been on Diddy party. I don't believe because you guys are amazing entrepreneurs and all of that. I just don't want nobody playing with your dingo berry. Okay. Only one person.


I been to a Diddy party to a Couple did parties. I You still work Lauren? I have. I been, I I mean I can't hide. I bet it's pictures. It's everything. I used to work with the team that was doing Ciroc, but I ain't, I've never You ever made any store runs? Lauren? Never. Did you go to the basement? Lauren Did. When they found the baby I was around. It was all good vibes and Club love. I Never seen You know. Wasn't no baby or in bulk, Lauren? Nope. I didn't Even, I sure it was the Dodge It in and maybe the, the Diddy at No, I I haven't, no, I really wanted to know where you got it from in bulk though. Because I be using the Vaseline gel like on my body. Love the way it feels. And you, they run out so fast at the store.


So I'm trying to figure out what his plug was. And I don't like you keep saying that Diddy would play with all Dingleberries. First of all, my buddy's clean man. Okay. There would be no dingleberries if somebody was running up in my butt. Alright, That incident whatcha talking about? I'm just, I don't how Much he doing ain't find no dingleberries back here. But that's all you mad about. She said Dingleberry you mad about the Dingleberry part. Not the part that she said she didn't playing with the Dingleberry part. He ain't mad about the diler part. It's crazy to You just out here assuming that our butts would be dirty. I don't like that. See your, it's too early to be thinking about Dirty Booty. You don't call bitch talking About Dingleberry. It's too much. Isha. Go home, get some Sia I'll call you tomorrow. Don't worry about it.


I'll Call y'all tomorrow. See if y'all story changed. Get it off. Her boyfriend was in the store getting her a Red Bull. You don't need no more energy. Yeah, get it off your Dingleberries. All right. Get it off your chest. 805 8 5 1 0 5 1. If. you need to vent. Hit us up now. It's The. Breakfast. Club. Good morning. The. Breakfast. Club. Ray. Ray. Ray. Yo, Charla, man. Envy. What up are we live? This is your time to get it off your chest. I Got an indoor pool, a outdoor Pool. We wanna hear from you on The. Breakfast. Club. We can Get on the phone right now here and tell you what it's, we live. Hello? Who's this? Hi, this is Rick. Ma'am, I'm calling because I wanna get set off my chair. Go ahead Rick. Well, I I ain't gonna hold you man, Charlotte to lay off.


Need to what? You need to lay off of Lauren. Oh, I heard that. Even though you, you always attacking Lauren. She's doing a great job. Thank you. You need to fall back man. Leave her alone man. Why You use words like attack? Lauren? You think I attack you? I like the, I don't, I don't, I let the people speak. I don't know. Oh, shut up. And. I. Don't know. Hello? Who's this? This is Ray. Ray. What's up? Get it off your chest Ray. Man, I was calling about Trump yesterday talking about the auto industry and he's right. I live here, Detroit and all these auto industries is down to one shift. Now they land people off temporary layoff and full-time layoff.


And it is ridiculous here. Why you think, why you think it's, it is getting so bad in the industry? Is it the fact that they're pushing these electric cars? Is it the fact that interest rates are high, people are not buying cars? What do you think the reason is? Yeah, Both. Both. Both. Yeah. I mean, I, I see them forcing electric cars on people. And, I don't see people being too receptive of the electric cars and the interest rates are high. A lot of people are not purchasing cars right now. But I mean, do you think And they, and they and, and they shipping jobs, they shipping it to Mexico to Canada and overseas. Mm. That's the reason why he say he put the tax at the border. So if he taxed at the border, it gonna bring Johns back. You can't sell him. You know. So that's only the big thing I like about Trump is that right there.


You know it's interrupting man. But when people say things like that, You know I just tend to go do a little bit of research. And I ain't, I'm not saying that I'm absolutely correct, but everything I read is that Donald Trump's legacy for auto workers is, is is terrible. Like You know, they, they, he, he's got a track record of trickle down tax cuts, closed factories and jobs outsourced to China. So I, Nah, when he, when he got in the office 2016, two plant opened up in Detroit after he got in office for his tack on borders. So he is doing a good job for the auto industry. But if he don't get elected, I think the auto industry gonna go down.


But he promised to bring manufacturing jobs back to America. But a bunch of factories closed and, and jobs were outsourced to China. I don't know. I mean that's just what I've read. I'm not saying I'm correct, I'm just telling you what I've read. I'm not saying my information could be wrong. I don't know. And regardless, suit to all the auto industry workers, especially out in Michigan, man, you guys do an amazing job and hard job. And I hope that they keep opening them factories. 'cause I know what it, I I know what it is When I hear all those people from, from Michigan and Detroit calling and saying that they're losing their jobs because that's what they're, that's what's, that's the, the, the job business is so big in Detroit when it comes to the auto industry. So I wanna see them brothers working. That's what we know. We know we, we know Detroit. 'cause of the auto, auto industry. Get it off your chest.


805 8 5 1 0 5 1. Now we got just with the mess with Laura LaRosa coming up. We Do. We gotta some updates. We gotta get back into the Diddy stuff. Into the Diddy stuff. We need to get back into 'em. Huh? A thousand bottles of lubricant. There's been enough people inside. Oh God. Slippery slope over. That's a slippery slope. There you go. Discuss what we Come back for. Accident. Envy. You had the slippery slopes. Oh, all right. Remember what you called me yesterday? It's The Breakfast, Club. Good morning The. Breakfast Club. Morning. Everybody's DJ envy Jess. Hilarious Charlamagne the guy. We are The Breakfast. Club. Let's get to just with the mess with Laura LaRosa Music is real hilarious. Jessica Robin Moore just don't do no lie.


She don't spell nobody world. Why? Just worldwide mess on The. Breakfast Club the coach Lauren, Lauren Osa, I'm back. And I got the men Talk to me. So yesterday was a day in all of the Diddy news. So the the, there's like multiple things that happened yesterday that led up to the fact that Diddy was not giving given a bail. So he was actually, he stayed the night in jail and today they're going to be trying to appeal that so that he can come home until all the court stuff happens. But let's take a step back. So yesterday when we left off here, we were waiting for the indictment to be unsealed. That means we were waiting for the documents to be available so that we could know why all of this is happening.


What did the police find? What is being charged with, who's gonna be involved, what is gonna be charged with all of that stuff. So the indictment was sealed and in that indictment, the charges went from everything. I'm gonna get the exact charges one second. But they went from everything from sex trafficking, coercion. There was like violent violence, racketeering. And a lot of this was basically framing Diddy as this person who runs this huge organization. And when, when they talk about, they called it an enterprise. And when they talk about it as Criminal Enterprise, criminal enterprise, when they talk about it as an enterprise, they put together all of his businesses. So like Combs Global, bad boy, all of the businesses he's he ran, they said that with those businesses he used the people who worked for him, him is Diddy used the people who worked for him.


So assistance, security guards, even down to like You know the cleaning staff in his home chefs, anybody that was around him. Basically to be able to manipulate women to participate in highly orchestrated performances with male commercial sex workers. That's how page one gets into all of this stuff. And after the indictment was said, we, there was also a press conference where the prosecutor's office broke down some of this. So we have audio where I wanna take a listen to it right now where they talk about the criminal enterprise that they're trying to You know frame Diddy with running. Let's take a listen. Jacob Jamey and Business Insider. Thank you. Given that he's the sole defendants in this case and that you allege he's part of a conspiracy that involves members of his companies, do you anticipate a superseding indictment at that bring allegations against other members of his companies or other co-conspirators as well?


I, again, I can't take anything off the table. Anything is possible. Our investigation is very active and ongoing. And I think a lot of you who cover this office know that when we say such things that developments are certainly foreseeable, but I cannot predict them sitting here today. Now when he talks about superseding indictment, that basically means that at any time, if they find out like they need to bring in more witnesses, that there's new evidence or whatever, they're going to be like rearrange the indictment filing. So all that stuff can be included. Well What evidence do they have thus far, Lauren? So the evidence that they have thus far, they have, they found ak, the AK 40, AK 40 sevens in his home. These AK 40 sevens had scratched off serial numbers.


Oh, stupid. They found a thousand bottles of baby oil and lubricants. I'm telling you right now, that's a lot. Lube, whoever bought the lube in the baby oil is getting a conspiracy charge. If, you ever went to Costco and bought that KY in bulk for Diddy, you are going to jail. Whoever bought the Johnson and Johnson for Diddy Johnson is going to jail. Jesus. Now look and, and that, so that's on page seven. For anybody that's following this through the documents, stay with me. Right? So on page seven, that's when they introduced this as a freak off in the press conference. Not a dry booty in the house. Not all, Not a dry boot. Go ahead. His his supply.


I'm Carrie Champion and this is season four of Naked Sports where we live at the intersection of sports and culture up. First I explore the making of a rivalry. Kaitlyn Clark versus Angel Reese. I Know I'll go down to history. People are talking about women's basketball is just because of one single game. Every great player needs a foil. I ain't really hear the noise. I just come here to play basketball Rekindle day. And that's what I focus On. From college to the pros, Clark and Reese have changed the way we consume women's sports. Angel Reese is a joy to watch. She is unapologetically black. I love her. What exactly ignited this fire? Why has it been so good for the game? And can the fanfare surrounding these two supernovas be sustained? This game is only going to get better 'cause the talent is getting better. This new season will cover all things sports and culture. Listen to Naked Sports on the Black Effect podcast network, iHeartRadio app, apple Podcast, or wherever you get your podcast. The Black Effect Podcast Network is sponsored by Diet Coke.


Hey, I'm Gianna PTE And. I'm JMA Jackson Gadsden. We're the host of Let's Talk Offline, a new podcast from LinkedIn News and iHeart podcasts. When you're just starting out in your career, you have a lot of questions like, how do I speak up when I'm feeling overwhelmed? Or can I negotiate a higher salary if this is my first real job, girl? Yes. Each week we answer your unfiltered work questions. Think Of us as your work besties you can turn to for advice. And if we don't know the answer, we bring in experts who do like resume specialists. Morgan Sanner. The Only difference between the person who doesn't get the job and the person who gets the job is usually who applies. Yeah, I think a lot about that quote. What is it like you miss a hundred percent of the shots you never take? Yeah, Rejection is scary, but it's better than you rejecting yourself. Together we'll share what it really takes to thrive in the early years of your career Without sacrificing your sanity or sleep. Listen to Let's Talk Offline on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts or wherever you get your podcast.


Hey everybody, this is Matt Rogers and Bow and Yang. We've got some exciting news for you. You know we're always bringing you the best guest, right? Well this week we're taking it to the next level. The one, the only Catherine Hahn is joining us on Lost Culture. That That's right. The queen of comedy herself. Get ready for a conversation that as hilarious as it is insightful, tune in for all the laughs, the stories and of course the culture. I Feel some central Bernhard in you. Oh my God, I would love it. I have to watch loss. Oh, you have to. No, I know I'm so behind Katherine Kins sing. Oh, I'm really good at karaoke. What's song And song? Camera Song? Yeah, what's your song? Oh, I love a ballad. I felt Bjork's music. And I. I just was like, who is this person? I gotta hawk this. Slalom Luie. Not hawk the slalom. I've, I absolutely love it. It was somehow Shakespearean when you said it. It was somehow gorgeous. Yee must suck ya Harlem. Listen, I lost COAs on Will Ferrell's big Money Players network on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcast, or wherever you get your podcasts.


I am Jess Cato, executive producer of the hit Netflix documentary series, dancing for the Devil, the seven M TikTok Cult. And I'm Cle Gray, former member of seven M films and Shekinah Church. And we're the host of the new podcast. Forgive Me for I have Followed together. We'll be diving even deeper into the unbelievable stories behind seven M films and LA based Shekinah Church. An alleged cult that has impacted members for over two decades. Jessica And I will delve into the hidden truths between high control groups and interview dancers, church members and others whose lives and careers have been impacted just like mine. Through Powerful in-depth interviews with former members and new chilling firsthand accounts, the series will illuminate untold and extremely necessary perspectives. Forgive me for I have followed will be more than an exploration. It's a vital revelation aimed at ensuring these types of abuses never happen again. Listen to forgive me for I have followed on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts.


We are just days away from our 2024 iHeartRadio music Festival presented by Capital One. The biggest headliners in live music will be taking over T-Mobile Arena, Las Vegas plus Some special surprises and moments. You are not going to want to miss Stream Only on Hulu, The iHeartRadio Music Festival and Listen on iHeartRadio, the Most anticipated live music events of the year This Friday and Saturday starting at 10:30 PM Eastern, seven 30 Pacific High of, of oils is insane.


Right? More than a man at the gas station. So on page seven, they talk about this as a freak off. And they list this stuff as freak off supplies. So in addition to the baby oil in the lubricant, they also mentioned that they found different narcotics and that the people that they're saying are involved in all of this would be in charge of cleaning up the freak offs. So they would not even, So semen and ky, imagine that Job. It's a, it's a prep and it's a post. So in, in the prep, they would come and set up the rooms, allegedly these are the people that work for the combs and the, this whole enterprise, right? They would put lighting up, they would, I guess like change sheets. They would do whatever they needed to to get it ready, lay out stuff. And then on the back end they would change sheets again on the back end. They, they would, because sometimes they're also accusing Diddy of like they, they're being violence during these freak offs.


Sometimes he would get upset when people didn't wanna do what he wanted to do. So they would have to clean up the hotel rooms, like if things were damaged or whatever. So that when the hotel staff came in, they had no idea what was going on. Let's take a listen to blood And brown things everywhere. The freak off conversation smell of the room. Mm. Ew I told him myself in early September, you are gonna be arrested soon and you're gonna be charged with racketeering and you're gonna be charged with sex trafficking. So come to New York. And in fact we offered that he would turn himself in. So, so my, my defense is, is very well established. I, I interviewed myself. The different men who You know were, were being brought into Mr. Combs and this person's intimate situation.


There's not the slightest inkling, according to the interviews that I've done of anything that's coercive, non-consensual, nobody was too drunk, nobody was too high. These were adults in a relation, this is a 10 year relationship and it was adults and consensual and everybody who was there wanted to be there. Now, well The feds say otherwise that they got tapes, right? Yes. So the federal agents are basically claiming that these people on the other side are saying that is not true. We were given drugs, we were there. There's videos that were taken that we didn't know were even being taken that were used as collateral against us to make us do things we didn't wanna do. And that because of how powerful Diddy is, people were just scared to not be involved once you got to a certain point in things or if something went the way you didn't want it to, to speak out about it.


Like, but, but all That has to be proven though. All all that has to be Proven. Yes. I mean that's why they're in court. Yes. Everything has to be proven. Well, it sounds like they got a lot of evidence and, and You know, I was thinking about this yesterday after having a conversation with somebody, If you was videotaping people without their will. Were you also using their, those videotapes as blackmail? Because that could be part of the record. That's That's what yeah, that's what they're alleging. They're alleging that it was being used as that's what they were said As collateral. Like you said, it has to be proven. But like even with the, with the bail, the fact that they haven't given a bail, which is confusing To me. Yes. So let's get to the bail and we actually are gonna probably have to pick this up in the next hour. Yeah. But the bail package, so when it came time for the actual arraignment, which is where he sits down and says, Hey, I wanna go home. I don't wanna stay here.


Diddy's package that he offered, it was pretty impressive, honestly. Like most people don't come to the court having all this. So of course he, he offered a $50 million bill package. So $48 million of that, he was putting up his house on Star Island. And for the record, he said that he paid off $18 million on this home in preparation for court. 'cause he wanted to be able to surrender to prosecutors. He was gonna put up $2 million from his mom's home in Miami. He was willing to let limit his travel only to New York for the case, New Jersey and Florida. He would wear a GPS monitor to let You know, the prosecutors know where he is at all times. He would park his jet in the jet he is trying to sell right now because he wants to be able to offer up more collateral.


And he had, he was willing to surrender. No, they've already done it. They surrendered the passports of his kids, his mom and himself. Right. So he did all this because he wanted to go home and they were like, no, you are the judge agreed with the prosecutors said because of the violence that you saw in the Cassie video, they brought up Cassie video, Cassie's video a lot. But he's not being charged for the Cassie thing, right? No, but yeah, so so we're gonna talk more about that because technically Cassie is the only, according to Diddy's attorney is the only victim listed in the indictment. But the way that they're trying to charge him for that is more about like trafficking and different things. So that's why you'll hear Diddy's attorney keep saying she was there because she wanted to be, she wasn't trafficked.


He even talked about that on CNN. Do we have that audio? We I know we have it. I'm just throwing. Sure. It's not, he's not charged with hitting, kicking and dragging. He's charged with sex trafficking and he didn't traffick anybody. But he's Charged with a conspiracy here where he was using physical abuse, emotional abuse, financial pressure as prosecutors allege to keep these women in his fold. Maybe the, maybe just Cassie Ventura, but keeping these women in the fold. Cassie Ventura lived by herself. She had her own house, she had a family, she had a career and he was seeing another woman at the time. He wasn't around a lot. She could have done whatever she wanted to do. All of these allegations of oh, oh, I I was forced.


I was coerced. I had to stay are nonsense. And it's gonna be proven to be. So I don't know about all that. I don't know what You know the lawyer is talking about, but I will say this If, you put all of that, that, that stuff up for bail. You trying to prove that you weren't a slippery, you wouldn't be a slippery suspect You know what I'm saying? You, you, you surrender your passports and your family passports. 'cause you wanna prove you that you're not going to slip out of the country. Well And go ahead. But that's, that's, that's a very slippery slope. But I would say that why that a slippery slope. Y'all listen, this is what we gonna do. We gonna 'cause because I don't, I I wanna make sure that we give this the conversation it deserves because we haven't even gotten into the, the amount of times they leaned into Cassie and the difference between a victim and a witness and this indictment. And I want people to understand that f Is definitely a victim. Yes. But people, A hundred percent yes. There are a lot of people arguing that they don't think the prosecutors have much on Z because they didn't, they only mentioned one victim and a Buttu witness.


A lot of people saying that. So I wanna make sure we get to that. So we, We must've heard two different cases. Look, We go look, it's a conversation Breaking down. And they've been saying that, that You know, even with the bail, like you look at Harvey Weinstein, he got a bail for what he did. You look at people that have done manslaughter got bails before. So the fact that Puff has given up $50 million given up his family's passports saying that I will only be here, I'll wear a GPS system. And, and the fact that they still don't want to give him a bail, we Gonna talk about it. We, we gonna talk. No, because I have some audios we need to play too. 'cause his attorney is also arguing this. So in the next hour, I'm gonna make sure we bring this back so we can talk about it. But You know, we do know that the feds know more than us, right? A hundred percent. I think they're holding out on their hand. I I definitely think they're not putting all their cards on the table. Exactly.


But we gonna get into it. So we'll be back. Alright, We'll we'll get back. Well we have front page news when we come back. So don't go anywhere as The Breakfast Club. Good morning, wake up. Wake up. You're locked into The. Breakfast, Club. Good morning everybody. It's Djj envy. Jess, hilarious Charlamagne the guy. We are The Breakfast Club. Laura LaRosa filling in for Jess. And let's get back to some front page news. Good morning, Morgan. Good morning. Good morning. So vice President Kamala Harris. She says, far too many Palestinians have been killed during the Israel Hamas war. She made those comments during a discussion hosted by the National Association of Black Journalists in Philadelphia. Harris says she supports Israel's right to defend itself, but how it defends itself also matters. And she stressed that a ceasefire deal is needed. Let's hear more from Harris at the N-A-B-J-I Support Israel's ability to defend itself.


And I support the need for Palestinians to have dignity, self-determination and security. The thing that is gonna unlock everything else in that region is getting this deal done. So also during that conversation, one of the NABJ panelists and a colleague of mine, Jaron Gainor, he asked Harris about vying for the black man's vote after polling showed some young black men are considering voting for former President Trump. Here's what she had to say about that. Black men are like any other voting group, you gotta earn their vote. So I'm working to earn the vote, not assuming I'm going to have it because I am black, but because the policies and the perspectives I have understands what we must do to recognize the needs of all communities.


And I intend to be a president for all people, specifically as it relates to what we need to do. To your point around economic opportunity. Yes, I started way before I was at the top of the ticket and what I called an economic opportunity tour focused on black men. She sound tired. She sound like she got a cold. Yeah, she sound tired. But I, I'll tell you one, she's right You. know what I'm saying? You know you gotta earn everybody's vote, especially black men. And, and if you've been paying attention, she has a long track record of doing just that. Like there's a lot of things You know, I think brothers would be into if they actually paid attention to, to You know the policies she's presenting, like when she talks about You know her opportunity economy, rebuilding the middle class or giving everyone the opportunity to own a small business, giving everyone the opportunity to own a home.


Those are things that we care about. By, by the way. It's really just that simple for everybody. Folks want to know how you gonna put more money in they pocket and how you gonna keep them safe. I don't care if you're a black man, black woman, white man, white woman, whatever race you are, sexuality. That's what you care about. It's definitely giving what have you done for me lately? Type energy for sure. Switching gears, but staying on topic of the black man. Former officer Emmett Martin took the stand in the trial of the beating death of Tyree Nichols. Former metro police officers, Arius Bean, Demetrius Hailey, and Justin Smith are on trial and have all pleaded not guilty in the case. Martin was called to the stand late yesterday afternoon after hours of cross-examination of second Lieutenant Lawrence Wright, who trained the officers at the academy.


Martin did not have his body camera on during the assault of Nichols in January of 2023. The former officer recounted events of the night leading up to and during the assault, and he admitted his part in the excessive use of force. Now, Martin also agreed that many tactics used that night are against Memphis police policy. Martin and former officer Desmond Mills, all, they both accepted plea deals and agreed to testify against their fellow officers who are currently on trial. So I'll keep you updated as to what goes on in that case. And in other news, meta plans to force teens into protected Instagram accounts. This is in response to ramped up pressure on meta to do more to protect adolescents mental health and wellbeing.


So Instagram will implement new settings in the next 60 days for all teen accounts in the us, Canada, UK, and Australia, which will automatically make those accounts private and restrict what kind of content they can see. CEO Mark Zuckerberg has been accused in various lawsuits of failing to protect teen users from predators and online bullying that tend to result in suicides. So what do you guys think about that? Should the kids have protected Instagram accounts or should it just be open free for all? And what do you think? I'm all for protected. Yeah. I think they should be protected. Yeah, I think about that with my niece all the time. Especially I just learned about, there was like a group of, this is like very local, but my cousin works for the u the the office that deals with trafficking in Delaware.


And we were talking yesterday and she was telling me how like they, they've been, there's a lot of kids that are getting trafficked and younger people getting trafficked from social media. And, I mean my niece is on TikTok. She does like the dances and stuff. I just thought about that. Like how do you stop that? 'cause I, I'm not there. You can't, I'm not on it with her Every day. Even if it's protect, the kids are so smart. They know what age they have to put in to actually be able to go and think. Kids are not stupid. But like you said, as a parent, you, you should be watching over your kids' social media at all all times. Like my daughters do tiktoks and You know people be like, oh, your kid's on social media. But there's a a group of kids that just do dances with each other. My kids dance You know six days out the week. So they're into that. But I just gotta monitor their social media. My wife monitors their social media, their big system monitors their social media and we continue to, yeah, I'm all for protecting, but I'm also for disconnecting You know.


I feel like everything should be in moderation and, and And I think that we, we treat, we treat all of these social media sites like, like we're just overindulging in junk food and literally like the same way you do everything else in moderation, your alcohol consumption, unless you Lauren your alcohol consumption. I hate it You know your junk food, just bad food. Like all of that stuff like that, like social media should be the same way. But I do wanna salute Project Liberty. Project Liberty is founded by my guy Frank McCort. And what they're doing, they're, they're just, Frank has just dedicated his whole life to building solutions that help people take back control of their digital lives and, and, and making social media You know a safer space. He's actually one of the people that's in that's looking to buy TikTok.


So check out project liberty.io, go to go see what they're doing. Okay. Yeah, absolutely like this though. And to your point, Charlamagne, I mean you talk about mental health all the time, whether it's detaching from the social media sites or online bullying. A lot of kids have You know, been impacted by the online, the presence of being online, whether it You know, be on social media, whether it feel it's a, it's a case of FOMO or You know, just various things. So it has definitely impacted their mental health. I like To see, and also Morgan, maybe it's about what they, how what they're consuming. Because that's the other thing about Project Liberty. What, what Frank is trying to do. He's trying to actually have, if If you go to the website, you'll see they got a people's bid for TikTok.


Yeah. And so he's built, he's building like a coalition to purchase TikTok and, and re and re-architect the platform to put people in control of their digital identities and data. Like he's literally trying to make it a safe space in a educational space. You know for people. This particular account will also restrict what kind of content the children see. So to your point, maybe this is just the, the start of the right steps going in the right direction. Anyways, so, so that's your front page news. I'm Morgan Wood, make sure you follow me on socials at Morgan Media. M-O-R-G-Y and M-E-D-I-A. And for more news coverage, follow at Black Information Network. And check us out@bnnews.com. Thank you Morgan. Thank you Morgan. All.


When we come back, Eva, Marcel will be joining us. She has a new flick on Lifetime called Buried Alive and Survive at premiere September 21st. And we're gonna kick it with Eva when we come back. It's The Breakfast. Club. Good morning The Breakfast Club. Morning everybody. It's DJ Envy. Jess. Hilarious. Charlemagne the guy. We are The Breakfast Club. Lauren LaRosa filling in for Jess, who's on maternity leave and we got a special guest in the building. Eva. Eva. Marcel, welcome back. Thank you. Good morning. How you feeling gentlemen and beautiful lady. Hello. How you feeling? Blessed. Highly favored. There you go. You go. Blessed black and highly favored. Well, I'm always black Baby. There you go. Always black. This new movie, buried Alive and Survived.


First of all, the title is Wild. And the thing I love about Lifetime is their titles be right on the money. Yeah. So this is based on a true story. Yes. This is part of the Lifetime ripped from the headlines series. So it's a based on a true story. And it followed the series that they did about the missing black girls, which I personally thought was really dope. Shedding light on black stories that you don't hear, you hear your Lacy Petersons, you hear all these other stories all these years. But our stories you don't hear as much. And so Lifetime has taken the charge to really shine light on melanated stories. And so I play a character, Alicia, who is very demure, very mindful, but no, she's a young lady who went through a tumultuous pass with her ex like crazy ex-boyfriend.


But she was in love with him, love of her life from high school, played by Tyler Lepley, super charming. And then he goes to jail for 15 years. He was domestically violent while we were together. And so he goes to jail. We have a son. And so all I'm trying to do is like keep my son safe and then he gets outta jail early. How early He did? Eight of 15. Mm Got you. But for a prison overcrowding, I come home one day, he's sitting in my living room playing video games with my son. Mm. Wow. Terrifying. Were you Familiar with this story before you did the Film? It's grits groceries. I feel like they offered me this role because they know that this was my life. Really? You a type cat? Yeah, They Were like she been, No, when I read the description, the first thing I thought of was all the stuff that I know that you went Through through Your daughter's dad.


So was That my daughter's dad is Michael, you mean donor? I'm sorry, with the Yes, the donor. Sorry, with I'm not familiar with any of this. Okay. So forgive me for laughing. It's Okay. Okay. Yeah, no, he, I think he meant just like, are you familiar with the real life story? Oh, but I, I went with it though. That was, that's we stop. No, that was my que like when I read it, I'm like, man, like was that hard for you home? Yeah. Because you went through a lot publicly with your own situation of You know, protecting your kid and trying to get away and all that stuff. So how was that mentally for you? What that thing hit home like? Nobody's business And for me, I like going into characters like I, that I don't know, like on my TV show I play like this madam who's like the head of a cartel and I'm pimping these guys.


I don't do that in real life. But this I've done in real life. Right. So this was very different. It was a cathartic moment for me. I think mental health is very important. And when I deal with my therapist, for some reason I'm dealing with my divorce. I'm not talking about this, this was 10 years ago. Right? So for the film it let me tap into something that I realized that I hadn't all the way dealt with and, but I survived. Did you Think about not doing it? Like did you think about like, this might be too much or it's too close to home. Like maybe I shouldn't take this part? I accept what God allows. I am at a surrender point in my life. I don't think that anything happens on accident. I believe in timing. I believe that God knew that it was time for me to deal with it. How Difficult was it to tape during this Shout out to Talia Lepley.


'cause he helped me. He was such a gentleman and so much fun. We made it light. But I can say it was a bit, a bit difficult. There were those days where it was just heavy, heavy drama. But then we would go to lunch at like Chili's and we were shooting out in the boondocks. And I have like bruises all over my face. His clothes are all cut up and ripped and we're walking in like I and Tina like, yeah, so can I get a cheeseburger and a margarita? People thought we were absolutely crazy. Like absolutely crazy. I'm sure. So, so When you say you didn't deal with it, you just, you just suppressed it. I got my daughter And I moved on in life. I didn't think I had time to dwell in the hurt of things. Yeah. And the effect of things I had to plant new seeds so that I can work on my new harvest for my daughter.


Do You like, do you ever, because I know in this movie your character has a, a kid in the middle of this and then she has to have conversations. Did this make you think about having conversations with Marley at all Or? Absolutely. It reminds me of the conversations that you have to have. Like there's that time of innocence that gets taken away from a child. Yeah. But as a parent, you don't want that to happen. Like you wanna hold on that innocence as long as you can. You don't want them to know black and white. You don't want them to understand like discrimination. So the last thing I wanted her to do was try to, as a 10-year-old girl, process these adult choices. Right. That I, I mean to be quite frank, I don't even think he could process what he did, let alone her understand it.


Right. Yeah. So it's not a conversation you wanna have, but it's a conversation you have to have. I had the conversation with my daughter. Oh wow. Okay. Which was difficult. But shout out to Mike Sterling. He helped me. It was beautiful. And so when I, in the film, when I had to have the conversation, it hit home yet again. Because I remember having to explain like, your dad is not what you think he is. Yeah. You know. What Was your mental and emotional health like after the film was done? I know those conversations with the therapist changed. You know it's so crazy because I had to apologize. I was just saying earlier, I had to apologize to a friend of mine. I feel like I was not myself for a, a smooth month or month and a half afterward. To know me is, no, I'm bold, I'm proud.


I'm not necessarily loud, but I live unapologetically. Yeah. But I went back into like the meek tiptoe around like, I don't wanna get it wrong. And my friend was like, yo Are you? Is everything okay? And I realized like, oh my gosh, I'm still Alicia. I'm not even right now. I am still that woman that is trying to make sure everything's okay. Everything's good. All the doors are locked. My guns are You. know loaded. Ready?


I'm Carrie Champion and This is season four of Naked Sports where we live at the intersection of sports and culture up. First, I explore the making of a rivalry. Caitlyn Clark versus Angel Reese. I Know I'll go down to history. People are talking about women's basketball just because of one single game. Every Great player needs a foil. I Ain't really hear them boys. I just here to play basketball. Rekindle day. And that's what I focus on. From College to the pros, Clark and Reese have changed the way we consume women's sports. Angel Reese is a joy to watch. She's unapologetically black. I love her. What exactly ignited this fire? Why has it been so good for the game? And can the fanfare surrounding these two supernovas be sustained? This game is only going to get better 'cause the talent is getting better. This new season will cover all things sports and culture. Listen to Naked Sports on the Black Effect Podcast network, iHeartRadio app, apple Podcast, or wherever you get your podcast. The Black Effect Podcast Network is sponsored by Diet Coke.


Hey, I'm Gianna pti. And I'm Jamay Jackson Gadsden. We're the host of Let's Talk Offline, a new podcast from LinkedIn News and iHeart podcasts. When you're just starting out in your career, you have a lot of questions like, how do I speak up when I'm feeling overwhelmed? Or can I negotiate a higher salary if this is my first real job, girl? Yes. Each week we answer your unfiltered work questions. Think of us as your work besties you can turn to for advice. And if we don't know the answer, we bring in experts who do like resume specialists. Morgan Sanner. The Only difference between the person who doesn't get the job and the person who gets the job is usually who applies. Yeah, I think a lot about that quote. What is it like? You miss a hundred percent of the shots you never take. Yeah. Rejection is scary, but it's better than you rejecting yourself. Together we'll share what it really takes to thrive in the early years of your career Without sacrificing your sanity or sleep. Listen to Let's Talk Offline on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts.


Hey everybody, this is Matt Rogers and Bow and Yang. We've got some exciting news for you. You know we're always bringing you the best guest, right? Well, this week we're taking it to the next level. The one, the only Catherine Hahn is joining us on Lost Cultures. That's, that's right. The Queen of Comedy herself. Get ready for a conversation that says hilarious as it is insightful. Tune in for all the laughs, the stories, and of course the culture. I feel Some Sandra Bernhard in you. Oh my God, I would love it. I have to watch Lost. Oh, you have to. No, I know. I'm so behind Katherine Kins sing. Oh, I'm really good at karaoke. And what Song cameras. Yeah. What's your song? Oh, I love a ballad. I felt Bjork's music. And I. I just was like, who is this person? I gotta hawk this. Slalom Luie. Not hawk this slalom. I've, I absolutely love it. It was somehow Shakespearean when you said it. It was somehow gorgeous. Yee Must Fuck ya. Harlem. Listen to Las COIs on Will Ferrell's Big Money Players Network on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts.


I'm Jess Cato, executive producer of the hit Netflix documentary series, dancing for the Devil, the seven M TikTok Cult. And I'm Clea Gray, former member of seven M Films and Shekinah Church. And we're the host of the new podcast. Forgive Me for I have Followed Together. We'll be diving even deeper into the unbelievable stories behind seven M films and LA based Shekinah Church. An alleged cult that has impacted members for over two decades. Jessica And I will delve into the hidden truths between high control groups and interview dancers, church members, and others whose lives and careers have been impacted just like mine. Through Powerful in-depth interviews with former members and new chilling firsthand accounts, the series will illuminate untold and extremely necessary perspectives. Forgive me, for I have Followed will be more than an exploration. It's a vital revelation aimed at ensuring these types of abuses never happen again. Listen To forgive me for I have followed on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts.


We are just days away from our 2024 iHeartRadio Music Festival presented by Capital One. The biggest headliners in live music will be taking over T-Mobile Arena, Las Vegas, plus Some special surprises at Moments. You are not going to want to miss Stream Only on Hulu, The iHeartRadio Music Festival And listen on iHeartRadio. The Most anticipated live music events of the year This Friday and Saturday starting at 10:30 PM Eastern, seven 30 Pacific.


Go like sis, you're good. Go to church on Sunday. So yeah, it took me a minute to get out of it because it, it was real. I love a golf fearing, gun toting woman. I know, I know. You mentioned Mike Sterling And I know that there have been conversations about the divorce and some of the things that you were going through and you talked about the weight loss. Where are you guys at now? Like is that a good Oh, so much better You know anybody that's been a part of the Divorce Club knows that it's a, it's a process. My parents have been married for 42 years. His parents 52 years. All my aunts and uncles married. I'm the only person, my bro, my brothers are married. I'm the only person in my family divorce. So the door ever open to, to maybe you trying to ruin on Mars. Me, I'm just asking The door Open watch.


Buried Alive. It comes out on September 21st on Lifetime Live is five. Alright. Why would, why would your son in the movie Malcolm just randomly let some man and he never met though, Because it's his daddy that That's all it takes. That's the password. So imagine longing your whole life to know your father. Mm. And I never told him that his father was a bad guy. I just said that his dad went away. He had to go away. He chose to leave. And so now he's like 14 years old and he, and I'm o I'm an overprotective helicopter mom. Like, answer your phone. Where are you at? Let me know. Turn your, what you been through because of what I've went through. And he doesn't understand it. So he just like, mom chill. Like, I promise if my dad was here, he wouldn't be doing all this.


I'm like, eh, little do You know if your dad was here, life would be very different. Right. But yeah, he just, he, it's a kid who wants to know his dad. Imagine going up without a mom and then finding out that's your mom. You just wanna know her. Right. All the other stuff we'll figure out later. So it was just the innocence of a boy, wanting to know the man that he would become You know. Are You dad overprotective in real life? You even tried to put a tracker in your son sneakers in the movie? Are you that overprotective? I am protective in real life, but I'm blessed to have an amazing father figure for my kids. Right. So when it comes to the co-parenting part, and then Mike is in legal too, so I'm like, whoof flying in town. Do need to call the mayor with the Governor You know.


So we have a few connections, but we are, yeah, I'm very protective. All we Got more with Eva. Marcel, when we come back. Don't move. It's The. Breakfast. Club. Good morning. Morning everybody. It's DEJ Envy. Jess. Hilarious. Charlemagne the guy. We are The. Breakfast. Club. Lauren LaRosa's filling in for Jess. We're still kicking it with Eva. Marcel, her new Lifetime movie, buried Alive and Survive comes out on September 21st. Lauren, I wasn't working with Tyler 'cause I know You know he's a dad now. Yeah. But he plays this like horrible Father You know, but like, that's not what he gives in real life. No. Who, so what were you guys conversations around him channeling like horrible, abusive dad. Tyler was, shout out to Tyler. He's so dope. He's so dope. I had worked with him behind the scenes. I'm starting to direct.


So I worked with him on another project. So I was a little familiar with him, which was nice because You know the man about to choke you out in the movie in the next 10 minutes you might wanna know him a little bit. Right. So I had the privilege of knowing him just a little bit. But he was so charming, so charismatic and very respectful because the subject matter was so heavy. He's like, is this too hard? I'm like, no, go there. Right, right. Because If, you don't yank me. I'm gonna yank you. Like I'm strong. If I'm trying to get out, I'm getting away. Right. So yank me, let's do this. So I ain't no little boy now. He Is not. I, I definitely have some bruises after I, I yanked a little bit too much and then I yanked Back when I told him.


Yeah, now I was, okay, bring that down 50%. But yeah, Tyler, he, he was amazing. And being a father, the way in which he dealt with our son in the film, I thought was beautiful. You can tell that he's a dad. There is a softness to him, but then there is that I just got outta jail and I'm gonna get mine. And his ability to kind of flip back and forth was, was really dope. Did you talk to the Well, in the movie? In the movie, her name is Alicia. I don't if that's her name in real life, did you speak to her at all? No, I didn't speak to the person that has happened to. Okay. But this story is not, is actually a story of something that's happened in Seattle. One has happened in China. Like this is ripped from the headlines of a real life story.


Wow. Oof. So they were like in real life, buried alive and in real life climbed herself up. People are insane. And that's why I love Lifetime for doing this. Yeah. Because it lets You know that things can go beyond your wildest dreams and your wildest imagination. And to be a mom, to be a sister. Just like when it comes to safety and who you're with. And everybody doesn't have it all there. Right. So make sure you're safe. Make sure You know what's going on. And If, you even have an inkling those red flags, which is Alicia's downfall, which to me are a lot of women and men's downfall when it comes to dating. You fall in love before you really get to know the person you fall in. Like, and then you fall in love and infatuation and then the real person presents themselves.


What Is it the idea of having a man? Like what is it that makes it Be a mixture? I was gonna say grace. It's A, it's a, It's a, it's a cacophony. It's all of those things. I think it's timing. If. you think about it's 8 billion plus people in this world. The fact that you And, I were able to meet at this time for whatever reason. For me, the romantic in me, I feel like it's smic. I feel like there's a reason that we've met for some reason, whatever it is. And so if there's a physical attraction, people can lie. But as a woman, You know in the first 30 to 60 seconds, if You know If You what If a lie you smash class, You Can, you don't even have that conversation.


That was, that was very girl math. We Felt it. But They were, yeah. Be knowing because he be giving Charlene sometimes. So he be knowing. Oh, Charlamagne Lane Char. You did ask about the, you did. So what, okay, first of all say that was some context because outta context, that'll look crazy online. You did ask about It'll, but these Diddy days got y'all acting crazy in here. Also assume that every woman is having sex with the people that they're dating. Like, right, That's True. That's one thing that I've learned now being divorced, is that I guess like we date, we go and have food. So like three dates is sex time. Like who said that? But that's why it sucks for women's. The spotlight like, like If you, regardless of, you could be seen with Tyler and whoever else.


And whoever. And they'll say you dating all of 'em. Oh, all. Yeah. My best friend, that's why he doesn't wanna be on camera. And he's Like, get tired of This. Gay is two left shoes and Gay is two left, two left shoes gay. I got a gay Best, I two left. Okay. It's gay Straight as birthday. My brother. Yeah. You can't say gay is two left shoes. That's all you saying. Ain't nothing. Right. Straight as spaghetti. Jesus boiled spaghetti. There we go. Boil Spa. Where Spaghetti You know what evil. I'm just saying I'm country And. I ain't never heard none of these country spoiled. Spaghetti Boiled spaghetti is not straight no more. You Bought a spaghetti that wiggle. Yes. You see what I'm saying?


Yes. I got you. I heard you. I like total. I'm, you'll hear me say that one. I'm telling you that right there. Put it in your Instagram bio. Yes. So how is your dating life? Shut up. Non-existent. Non It. You would think it would be easy. The dms, my friend L'Oreal taught me how to look in the dms. Those are terrifying because it's like they're very front. Somebody's husband and their son are both in the dms and then their pastor Jesus. And then they're women and then they're, it's like everybody just calmed down. Would You date in the industry? You can only date in the industry. That is terrifying. I I do not want to date in the industry unless she said like she goes outta the country. Right. And then you may not because they're gonna end up being interviewed by Charlemagne and they'll be like, so what's popping with you and E?


What's up with you and evil? Exactly. Nah. So listen, would you date the bus driver? I Wouldn't If you on the bus company. Oh man. Well what if he's a good man? He's A Oh yes, for me, he's a good man. Hard for me. I'm not about the money. Okay. I'm not about the coin. What I'm about is you seeing me? Mm. I don't feel like I have been seen in a long time. Wow. What do you mean being seen? Like, because you get married for a while. Yes. But see the person, not the the clothes or the job or the title. I had someone the other day tell me You know my job is is who I am. I'm like, whoa bro. That's sad. That's sad. That's sad because your job can change any day and then, then who are you?


You know what I'm saying? Right. I feel like I have so many titles and multihyphenate, thank God so blessed, so much gratitude. But with that, it's still a little girl inside of here from south central Los Angeles that wanna a gr walk to They not like us You. know what I'm saying? Yeah. Like they're still that girl. And who wants to tap into like the person inside of me, not the aesthetics facade around me. You know what I mean? The smoke and mirrors, the titles. That's what Dr. Wayne w Dye used to say. He used to say, the stuff you own is not you. No. What you do your job You know your occupation. That's not who you Are. It's not. Yeah. But in today's society, especially with these young men and women doing so well professionally, it becomes them allegedly You.


know what I mean? 28 to 30 5-year-old black men, black women out here. We are millionaires. We're figuring out how to get to the bag, own our own companies. You know, leverage business deals with other companies, not like it used to be. And so with that, I think comes a lot of ego. All Right, we got more with Eva. Marcel when we come back. So don't move. It's The. Breakfast. Club. Good morning. Morning everybody. It's Djj Envy. Jess. Hilarious. Charlamagne the guy. We are The, Breakfast. Club. Lauren LaRosa's filling in for Jess. We're still kicking it with Eva. Marcel, her new movie Buried Alive and Survive premieres this weekend on Lifetime. Now we were just talking about you getting back into the dating world. I think the sad thing is, I think if somebody is trying to date you, I think they probably will first show up with their check, right?


They wanna show that they can afford you, which is totally the opposite of what you're looking For, of what I want. So they show me the money. So then you don't want that. So then it's like the male ego ends up getting frustrated because it's like, what can I do for you? And I. Think you got kids, you don't, you don't need a husband and you don't mean to pay me to pay your mortgage. You have multiple cars. You go, you have a job. And then from there you're trying to figure out, like that causes Conversation. A lot of my, I have a lot of girlfriends who are at that point, they're like, what am I doing wrong when it's like, you're not doing anything but being yourself. That's What I asked my therapist. But, but see, but I hate, that was my question. A lot of us get there because at that point you do feel like, man, I'm gonna never find somebody. What am I doing wrong? And. I. Don't think that people should, I don't feel like that. I don't think that people should feel that way. I think you need to track what you want.


Somebody that's strong enough to handle all that will come and we'll figure it out. Well baby God, better get to get to build them because I've found some very strong ones. But they, I I still intimidate them. It happened. How do you intimidate them? What, what's, what's wrong if If you find some strong men that seem like they're powerful, they have the intellect. What's the problem? Well, for One, I'm not finding anything. I will be found. I am not. You just Said you found them. I, I saw, I I i see She means I come across across That's approaches her. I come across. But there's, there's still still insecurities there. There's still that You know when I'm not there, what's going on? I don't know. Maybe you do your eye twinkle like that for that person. Like it's just, it's always, it is a thing. So it's non-existent. I go to church on Sundays when I'm in town. Besides from that, I'm out of the country or traveling or with my kids when I have them or working.


That's my life. See It like insecurities is the, is the biggest thing, right? Because you are a star. So whoever you're dating sees you with other people. It feels like they would have to feel away, right? There's Always the thing. And it's not a thing. They're not grown. Right? But they are grown. But it's just like, oh, they're not Grown. If they have those type insecurities or they don't trust them or, or they haven't done the work. That's why I know so many women who will not date a guy who has not gone to therapy. Even when you look at this movie, this dude clearly had some unhealed trauma that he didn't deal with before he went in and he damn sure didn't deal with it while he was in. No. So he just came home projecting on everybody. But no, he actually, when you watch the movie Buried Alive and Survived, he actually did do some therapy. And you'll see that it's about application. To me, life is about three things.


That's true. It's about living, it's about learning and it's about applying. So you live, you learn from whatever it is you did bad. And then you apply whatever that lesson is. And so you can know what to do. You just gotta do what you're supposed to do. Right? You know you're supposed to floss your teeth twice a day, three times a day. But do you, that's the question You know what I mean? So I think a lot of times we just You know we take the easy way out. And because we're grown, we use the fact that like, I'm grown, I can do whatever I wanna do versus being disciplined and doing what you're supposed to do and need to do. So what do you want people to take from this movie? Like they Watch you? I want people to take from this movie, men and women that are going through any sense of struggle, that feel like they are at the bottom of the mountain or trapped in their box of whatever it is in their career, in their relationships, specifically domestic violence.


But whatever it is you think that you can't get out of that is a lie from the pit of hell. Fear is real, but it is nothing but a thought. It is in your mind. It is not a, it is not a real thing. So If, you can fight through your fear. I will tell you to climb out of your box. Do what you have to If. you have no fingernails. After you scrape through it, it doesn't matter. Climb up, keep clawing. You have to close your eyes 'cause that dirt is getting in there. It doesn't matter. You have to cry your way up, climb out of your box. By the time you look up, you will be at the top of your mountain. That is what I want you to know. Were you in a box for real dead ass? They put you in an actual coffin. I was in actual shipping crate nailed shut.


What? Oh God. It was, What did you name it? Shut. But because he was burying me a lot of killing me. And they couldn't done magnets. No. It was real. Like the, I know I'm an actor, And I know it's not real. But there's something about that moment being in there and imagining because it is ripped from the headline. Right? So it's imagining this real woman being put in a box by a man that she has loved for all these years. And not only that, but I have a 14-year-old son out here to take care of And I as a young king in this world that has nobody but me. Right? I can't stay in this box. But yes, I was completely nailed into a box and terrify my boy Rob had to say, all right, cut, cut, cut. Let her out, let her out, let her breathe.


He was scared for me. Wow. One more question I got because I'm a fan of you on Housewives. I know you're not on the show. Oh Lord. Would you ever So never again. Never ever again. All the Queens men, baby. All the queens. Okay. Got you. Yeah. Season four is gonna drop after Buried Alive. Okay. Yes. So no Housewives questions? You can ask Housewives questions. I don't mind. I I just wanted to know your thoughts on the Kenya suspension and all that, or what Firing. Oh, Ken Moore. That's my girl. That is my girl. I have a baby GRS in my sun room because of her. Her daughter is my niece Brookie. I love her. I don't know honestly enough about the situation to speak on it. Yeah. What I do know is that the show is no holds bars. Yeah. So And I don't know when Bars started getting held.


That's why I wanted to ask you, because I feel like during your season it was like that, that you were a part of the last Good Seasons before they got rid of some people. And then I, I thought that this was gonna bring all of that back. And now they're like, oh no, you can't be on the show anymore because you're doing what we know the show to be. So, I don't know. I don't even know what really happened though. Right. I don't has has it aired yet? No, it has not. Did that air, I don't even, no, it didn't. It hasn't air yet. Don't think so. No it hasn't. It Just became Chatter. It was So big. It felt like the show should have happened right after that. It was so dope is Moore has a new hair salon in Atlanta. She's out there helping trusses and helping people grow their hair. Her haircare line is doing amazing and she came up here and spoke about it. Yeah. That's my girl. Yeah. So I don't really know what happened with the situation.


I think Housewives lost a real one without Kenya. Yeah, because Kenya is one to definitely speak her mind. She is very pro-Black. She's an amazing, amazing mom. I feel like that's one thing that they do not shed enough light on. She's a crazy dope mom. Like I tell her to bring her daughter to my house and then she comes and she stays. I'm like, no, you go. No. She's like one of those mom, like, we we here Together. No. Right. And she's like, no, I'm just gonna chill. Like she's like, she's, she's such a beautiful woman. You know. But as a black woman, You know strength is a requirement, especially a black woman in America. So she wears her armor all day, every day. And she does what the show called for. Right. And so I don't know what happened, but I know that she will always land on her feet.


I know that she, God has her and has a story written for her. So I wish her the best. And if I didn't have locks, And, I'll go get my hair done by her. Go ahead. What Do you think Housewives need to do to rebrand? 'cause You know Kand left. Kenya's not there anymore. What do you think the Housewives franchisees? Candy's not there. Is she Now what do you think they need to do to rebrand? They bring candy back, candy Burst Tucker. That's the, That's the whole new cast. Or you think just bring the original crew back? You Know what, it doesn't matter. Black influencers, everything. That's right. So as long as you bring black entrepreneurs and inspiring creatives on the show, I think you'll see some magic. I saw Nene just made her like first return back to just the network in general. I love that for her.


Do you, so being, being in that like wheelhouse of NBC and all that stuff. NC Uni. Yeah. Like do you think that, does that mean that there's a chance for her to get back close or get on Housewives or do you think that that's like completely done as well too? Like, 'cause we were so excited when we saw it. I Don't even know. Does that mean I have no clue? She even, she even wants to do it. Got you. But I'm excited about her new show. I did see a clip on Instagram. She had like blonde hair. My homegirl pair beat her face. She looked pretty. I love it. Thank you. What Eva? Marcel, we appreciate you for joining us this morning and check out Buried Alive and Survive Premiers Saturday at eight seven Central or Lifetime. And thank you so much For having me. It Eva. Marcel is The. Breakfast. Club. Good morning. Thank you. Oh, you ate me to the Diddy party.


Lauren. Wow. Morning everybody. We all The Breakfast. Club. Let's get to just with the mess with Ma LaRosa. Your music is real. Jessica Robin Moore. Just don't do no lines. Don't do, she don't spare. Nobody bro. Jess worldwide mess on The. Breakfast Club. She's a coach with Lauren. Lauren LaRosa. I'm back. And. I got the mess. Talk, talk to me. Okay, so picking up where we left off last hour in the mess, Diddy. So I said to you guys that there have been a lot of conversations, and this is not just people online, I've, I was actually watching news reports, recaps of yesterday's arraignment with Diddy where panels were having discussion if, if, if people think that the prosecutor's office have enough to really land this case when it comes to Diddy.


Now to be clear, Diddy was charged with three counts of racketeering, conspiracy, sex, trafficking by force fraud or coercion and transportation to engage in prostitution. If he is convicted, Diddy can face a minimum sentence of 15 years and a statutory maximum of life in prison. So it can get really crazy for him. Now his attorney, mark Agne Philio, he did an interview last night on CNN, basically really arguing that he doesn't believe that the prosecution has enough victims, has enough evidence on his client where his client should feel like I shouldn't be, I shouldn't be fighting back right now. So I wanna make it also clear too that in the press conference, the prosecutor who was Damien Williams for the feds says that they spoke to 50 witnesses from those 50 WI 50 wi witnesses in their warrants that they have for various cloud accounts.


They retrieved 90 cell phones, 30 other devices including surveillance systems. And they have now sent out a total of 300 grand jury subpoenas, which can lean into the racketeering. But I want you guys to take a listen to Diddy's attorney Mark Aglio on CNN last night, breaking down the victim witness count. They say there's multiple victims here today. And what I heard described was they said they have 50 witnesses or victims. Yeah, I think it's 49 witnesses and one victim. I think. I think If, you broke it down. And. I say that.


I'm Carrie Champion and this is season four of Naked Sports where we live at the intersection of sports and culture up. First I explore the making of a rivalry. Kaitlyn Clark versus Angel Reese. I Know I'll go down to history. People are talking about women's basketball just because of one single game. Every great player needs a foil. I Ain't really hear them noise. I just come here to play basketball. Rekindle that. And that's what I focus On. From college to the pros, Clark and Reese have changed the way we consume women's sports. Angel Reese is a joy to watch. She's unapologetically black. I love her. What exactly ignited this fire? Why has it been so good for the game? And can the fanfare surrounding these two supernovas be sustained? This game is only going to get better 'cause the talent is getting better. This new season will cover all things sports and culture. Listen to Naked Sports on the Black Effect podcast network, iHeartRadio app, apple Podcast, or wherever you get your podcast.


The Black Effect Podcast Network is sponsored by Diet Coke.


Hey, I'm Gianna PTI And. I'm Jamay Jackson Gadsden. We're the hosts of Let's Talk Offline, a new podcast from LinkedIn News and iHeartPodcasts, When you're just starting out in your career, you have a lot of questions like, how do I speak up when I'm feeling overwhelmed? Or can I negotiate a higher salary if this is my first real job, girl? Yes. Each week we answer your unfiltered work questions. Think of us as your work besties you can turn to for advice. And if we don't know the answer, we bring in experts who do like resume specialists. Morgan Sanner. The Only difference between the person who doesn't get the job and the person who gets the job is usually who applies. Yeah, I think a lot about that quote. What is it like you miss a hundred percent of the shots you never take. Yeah, Rejection is scary, but it's better than you rejecting yourself. Together we'll share what it really takes to thrive in the early years of your career Without sacrificing your sanity or sleep. Listen to, let's talk Offline on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts.


Hey everybody, this is Matt Rogers. Hey bow and yang. We've got some exciting news for you You know we're always bringing you the best guest, right? Well this week we're taking it to the next level. The one, the only Catherine Hahn is joining us on Lost Cultures. That's that's right. The queen of comedy herself. Get ready for a conversation that says hilarious as it is insightful. Tune in for all the laughs, the stories and of course the culture. I Feel some central Bernhard in you. Oh my God, I would love it. I have to watch loss. Oh, you have to. No, I know. I'm so behind Catherine Kins ing. Oh, I'm really good at karaoke. What's Song and the song Cameras. Yeah. What's your song? Oh, I love a ballad. I felt Bjork's music. And I. I just was like, who is this person? I gotta hawk this slalom movie. Not hawk this slalom. I I absolutely love it. It was somehow Shakespearean when you said it. It was somehow gorgeous. Yee Must fuck ya. Harlem. Listen Iasis on Will Ferrell's big money players network on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts.


We are just days away from our 2024 iHeartRadio music Festival presented by Capital One. The biggest headliners in live music will be taking over T-Mobile Arena Las Vegas, plus Some special surprises and moments. You are not going to want to miss Stream only On Hulu, the IHeartRadio Music Festival and Listen on iHeartRadio. The Most anticipated live music event of the year This Friday and Saturday starting at 10:30 PM Eastern, seven 30 Pacific.


I'm Jess Cato, executive producer of the hit Netflix documentary series Dancing for the Devil, the seven M TikTok Cult. And I'm Clia Gray, former member of seven M films and Shekinah Church. And we're the host of the new podcast. Forgive me for I have followed together. We'll be diving even deeper into the unbelievable stories behind seven M films and LA based Shekinah Church. An alleged cult that has impacted members for over two decades. Jessica And I will delve into the hidden truths between high control groups and interview dancers, church members and others whose lives and careers have been impacted just like mine. Through Powerful in-depth interviews with former members and new chilling firsthand accounts. The series will illuminate untold and extremely necessary perspectives. Forgive me for I have followed will be more than an exploration. It's a vital revelation aimed at ensuring these types of abuses never happen again. Listen To forgive me for I have followed on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts or wherever you get your podcasts.


'cause count two, which is the sex trafficking count, has victim number one and there is no victim number two anywhere in the indictment. So you're saying that there are not other women because what they were essentially arguing here is that he coerced and forced women into sex acts by using physical force, financial pressure, emotional abuse and narcotics for what they described as these freak off sessions. They saying that he self described them as that. Yeah, there's, there's, there's one victim in the, in the indictment. That's that the charging document. One victim does count, right? No, No, no, of course. But I'm just saying it's not 50. I mean, what, what they did, it's a little too cute is it's 50 witnesses or victims. Well it's, it's one victim. That's all that's in the indictment. Why do they keep playing with the feds? Like they using words like, oh, that's cute.


Like they, they must want the feds to start leaking videos or something. I So on the break, when we were preparing for this next segment, I specifically wanted that clip And I wanted to make sure we heard him say too cute or cute, right? Because I think when you talk about like victims and different things in, in the, the circumstance that we're talking about with Diddy, it is a very slippery slope to call anything cute because there's, there's a woman, even if it's one that is, and and we've seen on camera be physically abused. But I agree with you. But you have to remember that the slopes are slippery because they found a thousand bottles of Ky in Baby a thousand plus, a thousand Plus. They're very important. But they're painting the picture as Diddy to be a villain. And his lawyer's job is to paint the, try to paint the picture the opposite way.


Exactly. Because at the end of the day, if it does go to trial, they're painting this picture as Diddy a villain. Diddy's a monster. Diddy. Yes. Somebody that uses a lot of lube. Yes. And You know they're painting that type of picture. So they're trying, he his lawyer's job is to try to paint the picture the other way. Exactly. And say the feds are, and that's You know lying or, or exaggerating or this, that and the other. It wasn't that much Lube. And that's exactly why he, It wasn't a thousand plus, it was just 99 9, 909, 909 bottle he gave to the Number, the other lube. Now he said The violence has happened before, But what he did do is his, his attorney is, is basically like really sticking to like the facts Sticking That's funny. Whoa. To law. I mean, and he's an attorney. That's what he should do. But he made it really clear that You know what Diddy is being charged with is not the hitting, kicking or dragon that we saw in that video.


And then he also clarifies something too, because in the arraignment where they told Diddy he was not gonna get any bail, they talked a lot about the fact that Diddy bribed people at the hotel with the money so that this video wouldn't come out. And I thought that that was interesting because, but here's the Thing. What does Cassie's video have to do with any of this? So Let's, let's take a listen to this audio and then we can talk about that. Take a listen to the hotel staff, the bribing with the money. Did he pay off the hotel staff? N not that I know of. I know that's an allegation. I I don't know that that, that that is true. What I was concerned about when I heard about this allegation is whether there was an allegation that there was some sort of law enforcement investigation pending. 'cause then that would be a crime. But there was none. And so this is not a crime To me to your point.


Yeah. To Me the the bringing up the Cassie video is a distraction and a deflection on his part because he's trying to keep people focused off what he's actually charged for. Correct. We know he's not charged for the Cassie video. A lot of people don't, but A lot of people don't. And because that was so big, his attorney has to keep coming and drilling in the whoa. Coming and drilling. His Attorney has to, he gotta talk to the facts. Yeah. That's why need thousand bottle. He gotta he gotta talk to the facts. Now, speaking of keeping people in, in his fold on CNN, they do bring up the fact that Diddy is also being, there's claims out there that he uses as power and influence to make people do certain things. And one of the the things that came up in court in the arraignment was the fact that Kalani k Kalani, I think I'm saying her name correct.


I don't think it's Kani Harper. It's Harper. Okay, well, Ms. Harper, sorry if I said the first name wrong. Ms. Harper. Yeah. And I have the pronunciation here. Still said it wrong. She came out after Dawn Richards filed that lawsuit on September 10th and said, I, this may be Dawn's truth, but I have, I'm not, I'm not attesting for that truth. And it was brought up the 54 times that Diddy allegedly called Ms. Harper after Dawn filed on September 10th and only stopped on September four, 14th when she released this statement. And, and She was the other girl in dirty money. Correct. So people understand. Yes. The other girl, girl in dirty money, Ms. Harper, the other girl in dirty Money, you're Not getting no bail. If you call a potential witness 54 times And no bail was cool. But when it comes to the actual trial, which is about to happen, Diddy's attorney did a really good job on CNN of making it clear that he's not even for sure if, if Dawn is gonna be listed as a victim or a witness in this actual trial.


So when people are saying, well they have the, that's something that they have, we don't know if they even have that. We know that they have it. We don't know how it's gonna be used. Now I wanna You know, move it forward and say that Diddy is going to be appealing the decision to not receive bail today. And he's actually going to be appealing that decision. Him and his attorney with Judge Carter. Judge Carter. 'cause I reached out to Diddy's attorney And I said, well what's the difference? Why appeal the next day? And he said, judge Carter's a judge that will be presiding over the full trial itself. Different judge. Right. So they think that it's, it, there will be a difference in that. Do you think he's gonna get a bail? Do I Yeah, I'm just asking in general. I do. I don't think that Didi is gonna Get a bail. I think Diddy should get a bail. And I ain't asking what you think should think. I said, do you think he's going to get one? I I think he is. Well the fact that he's putting up $50 million, the fact that he's putting up his, his family's passports, his mom's crib.


The fact that he said he'll wear a GPS monitoring system, he'll only be in Miami and New York. The fact that If, you look at his, his family, his his daughter, his two daughters don't, don't have a three kids. They staying with a family don't friend right now. Mom staying with a family's friend. Yeah. But he has to do all of that because the feds think he's a slippery suspect. Right, right. It Will listen all that baby on your, but so yeah, I do wanna, I think he should get one if he, when you look at people like Harvey Weinstein that got one and you look at some of these other people, OJ Simpson that got one. Yeah. Bill Cosby got one, then you should be able to get a bail. Don't not, I don't know my name mentioned nowhere near any of those people, all Criminal over ever. Period. If I, if he does get, if he does not get a bail though, I don't know if they're gonna move him, but right now he's been housed at MBC Brooklyn and some of the people that have been there, r Kelly Fedwa, Michael Cohen.


Now You don't want your name, but those people leave. Yeah. Nope. And I also too wanted to make it clear because people are wondering right now, because on CNN last night they, they, they mentioned Diddy's demeanor in court. They said that he was kind of like shocked and his attorney didn't really react to that. So I asked, well what is his demeanor right now? When I spoke to Diddy's attorney, it ain't Damil, it ain't very Damil. He said that Diddy is, he's not shaken. He's ready to fight until his name is cleared and that is what he's gonna do. So that's what we'll see happen today in the appeal. And we'll be right back here updating you guys when it happens. If it doesn't happen before the show is over, you guys can catch all the updates on Brown Girl Grinding and Instagram and Lauren la on Twitter and Instagram and yeah, And I tune in, And I into the young brother Christian Combs, Diddy son.


This is why he don't talk taunt the feds. Remember when he put out that little jingle, that little record when he said the Fed, what You call his, this record or Jingle? Wait with that little record when he said the Fed should have searched the other house, clearly they didn't. What they, I forgot what, what the line was. I just don't remember him saying the Fed should have searched the, they should have searched the other house, the house next door or something like that. Well they Found this is what they found in the houses that they did search. These are the AKs. Exactly. So, and and wrapping this Exactly. So in, in rapping this, What Is the more of this story? It is like clearly, clearly do not, no disc songs, no new beats. Clearly they didn't have to search the other house. Okay. That that young man shouldn't be allowed near a recording booth anymore after this life is not a joke. I don't know why y'all be playing. Alright, well that is just with the mess with Laura LaRosa, char man who you giving your donkey to for after the hour.


It's come to my attention that there are a lot of things being bought and stolen in bulk in Miami. So we will discuss four after the hour. Okay? There's the two Miami men named Carlos and Naval don't need to come to the front of the congregation. We like to have a word with them. They had the baby. That's lube. No, but they might need to be investigated all we'll get to that next head. Holmes Enterprises. It's The. Breakfast, Club. Good morning, wake up. Wake up. You're locked into The, Breakfast, Club. Make sure you tell em to watch out for Florida. Man, the craziest people in America come from the Bronx and all of four. Yes you are a donkey. A Florida man attacked an ATM for a very strange reason.


It gave him too much money. Florida man is arrested after deputies say he rigged the door to his home in an attempt to electrocute his pregnant wife. Police arrested an Orlando man for attacking a flamingo. But The, Breakfast Club bitchy donkey other day with Shalam Hane the God, I don't know why y'all keep letting him get y'all like this You know donkey of the day for Wednesday, September 18th goes the two Miami men named Carlos m Garcia Aji, AJ Aji. It can't be legit. His name ain't a legit. Would it be Aji you too old to be Aji and Valdo j Garcia Vento. Okay, 40 and 41 years old. Now listen, what does your uncle Sharla always say about the great state of Florida? Say it with me. The craziest people in America come from the Bronx and all of Florida and today is no exception.


Now today's story has me thinking about this Diddy situation because If, you haven't heard, one of the pieces of evidence law enforcement is using against Diddy is the 1000 bottles of lubricant and baby oil they found in his home that they say were used in these alleged freak offs. Diddy was having, okay, now when I heard about the 1000 bottles of lube and baby oil, I said to myself, there wasn't a dry booty in the house. Okay, not one single solitary set of dry cheeks. Then I thought to myself, well what else did Diddy have in bulk in the house? Some people go to Costco and just buy things in bulk. Maybe that was just a bulk purchase. And I know, we was all wondering where does a man buy 1000 bottles of lubricant and baby oil? Well, we may have our answer because these two Miami men, Carlos, and Valdo were suspects in a theft ring and they steal from major retailers like Publix, Walmart, CBS, Walgreens, and Winn-Dixie.


And they got busted with thousands of dollars worth of stolen merchandise. Okay? $5,000 to be exact, including, but not limited to razor blades, fishing gear, cosmetics, and 400 sticks of deodorant. I repeat 400 sticks of deodorant. Okay? That's the one that's getting me 400 sticks of deodorant. They got caught because police had a description of their vehicle, a brown G-M-C-S-U-V, they had just hit a Walmart. So when a deputy saw them run a red light, why would you run a red light when You know you got all these stolen items in your, your your vehicle. They ran a red light, they conducted a traffic stop and then these two floor to fools took the cops on a short chase.


Okay? Deputies reviewed Walmart security footage and that's when they saw one of the guys stealing a pack of Gillette razor blades. And when they searched the vehicle, they found six large trash bags full of suspected stolen items, including the 400 sticks of deodorant. I have so many thoughts about this situation. Number one, if I was law enforcement, my first question would be, do You know Sean Combs? And have you ever sold him any astroglide in bulk? My second question is, I understand these men committed a crime, but are they really doing a service? See people be musty, man. Some of y'all underarms be out here smelling like weed the whole out pack.


So, so many people amongst us be making right guard, go left. You make speed stick slow down. Sure, not really. I don't know what it is. Maybe at my old age, my nose is a lot more sensitive than it used to be. Or maybe everyone is trying to go natural when they shouldn't be. So when you got folks walking around smelling like funions, I'm not mad at these brothers for having 400 sticks of deodorant on deck. Okay? They have a heat advisory today in Miami. Okay? I feel like these two brothers is fed up. Do You know how many, how mu do You know how musty people must be for them to say we have to go steal as much ax as possible. They just as fed up as the first person to invent deodorant. Do You know how fed up with the smell of armpit one must be to go home and start inventing things to prevent said smell.


Deodorant was introduced in the late 18 hundreds. That means people was musty at the last supplement all through the 14 hundreds, 15 hundreds, 1,617 hundreds. Most of the 18 hundreds folks was stinking until someone invented this thing that killed older causing bacteria called mum. That was the name of it. Mum, look it up. I have no idea what that means, but in my brain it registers as musty, underarm mammal. So there is a part of me that wants to applaud these men for stealing all this deodorant for people. But on the flip side, they made it hard for folks who know they need deodorant but can't find none in Miami because they done stole it all. Same way, you probably couldn't find no lubricant or baby oil wherever Diddy was at because he had it all at his house.


Now that I think about it, that's a bottom trap. Imagine being a bottom going in the store to find the lube. You need to have a good night and they tell you they don't have any because someone from Combs Enterprises bought it all. Now you are forced to attend a Diddy party just to get what you need, which is a simple bottle of lube life. Next thing You know, you're slipping, you're falling got D in your butt. What these men have been charged with multiple felonies, yo grand theft, all for $5,000 in items. They're gonna spend more than that on bond and lawyer fees. So please give Carlos m Garcia a jet and valdo Jay Garcia Bento the biggest. He haw.


Alright, you a wild boy man. Thank you for that donkey today. How you thought about that slip and falling in the back last night. I did you come up with that? I don't even remember what I just said. Mm, that was based off experience, Just black out and go. Now let's open up the phone lines (800) 585-1051. Let's talk about this. 6, 6, 6 dating rule. All right? Now what the hell is that? That sounds evil. No devilish. Well, this new dating rule that a lot of women are, are going by and this rule is Charlemagne. Out of this, the 6, 6, 6 rule refers to women, this is just Satan. I just want y'all to know that, by the way. All right, well listen, this is 6, 6, 6 rule refers to men, women looking for men who are six feet tall, have a six pack abs and make over six figures.


Yeah, that's why God ain't got nothing to do with that equation. The 6, 6, 6. So we're asking y'all gonna miss all y'all blessings with that stupid ass satanic equation. Now that came from the, the New York Post. So we're asking 805 8 5 1 0 5 1. All your part preferences. Tell me you a three six girl Lauren making it hard to find love. Tell me you a three six girl right now, are you a six? Six, six? Because I got some holy beads in my bag right now just for you. Animal like this. Palo Santo and his beads are anal That I do like taller guys, but I'm not in the cl like If. you, you gotta be, don't look at my, that Scared me. God damn. I thought you was in the Illuminati. She missing a nail. And so, so far her nails all got, got The way he looked.


My nail, I was scared to death because four, her nails are long and red and then it's just one nasty plane. One, wow, you been biting on? No, it fell off yesterday when I was cleaning. I'm getting my nails under Mar. Shout out. Tell in New York. I don't wanna, she's pulling up on me, but I don't hear nothing about no man. You looking for when you got missing nails like that? I've been getting double before me before he find me. You gotta be the chain you looking for. Let's talk about it when we come back. 805 8 5 1 0 5 1. Nope. First of All, discuss is one manicured. I do the Russian under my, my sets. Don't play with me. 6, 6, 6, 6 ladies. Is this the thing that you're looking for? Relationship Satan equation six foot tall, six pack and make at least six figures. This is why God ain't blessing your life right now. That that why? Why you missing all your blessings? 'cause y'all factoring in these Satan equations into your relationships.


This is disgusting. Sounds Like a short angry man to me. Let's talk when we come back. It's The, Breakfast, Club. Good morning The. Breakfast Club. Morning everybody. It's DJ EJ nv, just hilarious. Charlamagne, the guy we are The, Breakfast, Club. Laura LaRosa, filling in for a Gs. Now if you're just joining us, we're talking about this 6, 6, 6 rule that the New York Post had a discussion about, did an article on. And they're saying that the 6, 6, 6 rule refers to men who are six feet tall, have a six pack and make over six figures. Now women claim to be using this rule to find men, but is this actually hurting them? Yes. And lemme start please. 'cause I want to tell all of you women out there, calm down girl. This is just a satanic equation.


Calm down girl. This is why you keep missing your blessings because you're telling the universe you looking for 6, 6, 6. So you looking for the devil? How about stay up the whatever God has playing for you. 'cause God playing works. Your little 6 6, 6 Satanic one doesn't. I will say what's wrong with him. I I, can I speak to the woman in the room? Yeah. I will say I, I'm not with the ideology stuff and like the, yeah, so the 6, 6, 6, that does scare me a bit. But with women wanting guys of a certain height, certain body type, certain You know, job caliber. I don't think there's nothing wrong with that. If you're okay with, you might miss out on some other people. That could be cool. I do have certain things that I, I do like guys to be taller, but it's because I'm tall, right? And then when I put on heels, I'm tall as heck.


Can I say the other words? Yes. You can say hell, I'm tall as hell. So it looks weird in photos and like it just, I just feel weird sitting next to somebody. And, I'm hovering over you. So I always thought it was stupid when a woman says, I'm not gonna talk to a guy because of his height. I always thought that was stupid because I feel like even though Charlemagne's a short man, I do feel like sometimes you could be blocking your blessing. If, you have a connection with somebody, the height should not matter. That is true. Because it's your connection. Because somebody is a, a a like in Charlemagne, since six inches too short or whatever it may be. If a connection is there, a connection is there. That is true. That that's What should And I met? If I met, I told you yesterday, I'm like, I wouldn't, I'm not, I wouldn't be like, no, you too short. I would at least be like, well, mm, let me see. You would have to be fired short for me to do it. Only because I think it's my subconscious of like, I know I'm so tall, I just don't like though, yo, she's so tall.


Like, and then I'm standing next to you. You so little. Like that Takes confidence. It shouldn't matter. Nah, Six man, am my man Taller than me. Six. What if that six foot man, Lauren only dates a woman with all 10 fingernails? You. know what I'm saying? What if, what if, what If? By the time he meet me, I'm gonna have em. You ain't got 'em now. So what if he met you right now? Right now? Oh my God. And you only got And judge me on my nine nail. You got Nine nails on my nine nails. You got nine nails. One of them fell Off. That be fair? That wouldn't be fair. Well, let's, what's the background? I was cleaning my home. I'm domesticated. That's why this nail is off. Let's go to the phone lines. Hello. Who's this? Hey, this is anonymous. I'm calling from Jersey. Good morning. Morning. You're on. Good morning Charlotte. Good morning Laura. Thank you. Morning, you're on the radio. All you have to do is change your name. You don't have to say you're anonymous. That's all right. I miss Anonymous. Pick a name. Pick a name. You always wanted to be, what would be your S stripper name?


Diamond. Oh, not diamond. Cinnamon. Cinnamon. Okay. Good morning. Cinnamon. That's worst. Tell us your thoughts. The 6, 6, 6 rule. Well, I was just saying that the other six, from what I know, doesn't stand for the six pack. It stands for the six inch package. If I could say that on the radio. You Care. Okay. Six inch penis. Wow. You know. So you don't care about the, you care about the, So it's six feet, but, well, I, well Girls be front end when they say That. The six figure, I can kind of work with that because I make six figures. But yeah, the guy I'm with, he's six three, well over six inches. And he's working on his way to the six figure salary. So I'm good. Charlamagne jealous right now.


Missing When they say that. Don't be, Don't be Charla. Look one outta look. Two out three ain't bad. Two outta three ain't bad ma'am. Because I Know You know I'm not jealous because I measured my penis a long time ago. I I am seven inches. Three four. Okay. Goodbye. Eight. Eight in the song. Goodbye. Cinnamon eight. When is warm out? The average size of a penis is 5.6. 5.1 inches. When erect, what this stuff? So I'm above average. Well, okay. I know your, I know your cookies on your computer. Hate to see you coming 'cause that is Mad like looking up. Lure mad looking up. That is true. Average size. But women say that about men's sizes. I don't think that that's true because If, you really love a guy. You be you, you let him try and figure it out a little bit.


Even if he's not the biggest like figure what out where, how to make stuff go even though it's not the most well endowed. Slippery killing me. What? 805 8 5 1 0 5 1. If, you just joining us. We're talking about the New York Post. They recently did a article on the 6 6 6 rule and the 6 6 6 rule is women are looking for guys that are at least six foot.


I'm Carrie Champion and this is season four of Naked Sports where we live at the intersection of sports and culture up. First, I explore the making of a rivalry. Kaitlyn Clark versus Angel Reese. I Know I'll go down to history. People are talking about women's basketball just because of one single game. Every great player needs a foil. I Ain't really hear them boys. I just come here to play basketball every single day and that's what I focus On. From college to the pros, Clark and Reese have changed the way we consume women's sports. Angel Reese is a joy to watch. She's unapologetically black. I love her. What exactly ignited this fire? Why has it been so good for the game? And can the fanfare surrounding these two supernovas be sustained? This game is only going to get better 'cause the talent is getting better. This new season will cover all things sports and culture. Listen to Naked Sports on the Black Effect Podcast network, iHeartRadio app, apple Podcast, or wherever you get your podcast.


The Black Effect Podcast Network is sponsored by Diet Coke.


Hey, I'm Gianna Enti And. I'm Jamay Jackson Gadsden. We're the host of Let's Talk Offline, a new podcast from LinkedIn News and iHeart podcasts. When you're just starting out in your career, you have a lot of questions like, how do I speak up when I'm feeling overwhelmed? Or can I negotiate a higher salary if this is my first real job, girl? Yes. Each week we answer your unfiltered work questions. Think Of us as your work besties you can turn to for advice. And if we don't know the answer, we bring in experts who do like resume specialists. Morgan Sanner. The Only difference between the person who doesn't get the job and the person who gets the job is usually who applies. Yeah, I think a lot about that quote. What is it like? You miss a hundred percent of the shots you never take. Yeah, rejection is scary, but it's better than you rejecting yourself. Together we'll share what it really takes to thrive in the early years of your career Without sacrificing your sanity or sleep. Listen to Let's Talk Offline on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts.


Hey everybody, this is Matt Rogers and Bowen Yang. We've got some exciting news for you. You know we're always bringing you the best guest, right? Well this week we're taking it to the next level. The one, the only Catherine Hahn is joining us on Lost Culture. That's that's right. The queen of comedy herself. Get ready for a conversation that as hilarious as it is insightful, tune in for all the laughs, the stories, and of course the culture. I Feel some central Bernhard in you. Oh my God, I would love it. I have to watch loss. Oh, you have to. No, I know. I'm so behind Katherine Kins sing. Oh, I'm really good at karaoke. And what's song And song? Yeah, what's your song? Oh, I love a ballad. I felt Bjork's music. And I. I just was like, who is this person? I gotta hawk this. Slalom Luie. Not hawk this slalom. I've, I absolutely love it. It was somehow Shakespearean when you said it. It was somehow gorgeous. Yee must suck ya Harlem. Listen to Lost Cistus on Will Ferrell's big Money Players Network on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcast, or wherever you get your podcasts.


I'm Jess Cato, executive producer of the hit Netflix documentary series Dancing for the Devil, the seven M TikTok Cult And. I'm Cle Gray, former member of seven M films and Shekinah Church And we're the host of the new podcast. Forgive Me for I have Followed Together. We'll be diving even deeper into the unbelievable stories behind seven M films and LA based Shekinah Church. An alleged cult that has impacted members for over two decades. Jessica And I will delve into the hidden truths between high control groups and interview dancers, church members and others whose lives and careers have been impacted just like mine. Through Powerful in-depth interviews with former members and new chilling firsthand accounts, the series will illuminate untold and extremely necessary perspectives. Forgive me, for I have Followed will be more than an exploration. It's a vital revelation aimed at ensuring these types of abuses never happen again. Listen to forgive me for I have followed on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts.


We are just days away from our 2024 iHeartRadio music Festival presented by Capital One. The biggest headliners in live music will be taking over T-Mobile Arena, Las Vegas, plus Some special surprises and moments. You are not going to want to miss Stream Only on Hulu, The iHeartRadio Music Festival and Listen on iHeartRadio, the Most anticipated live music event of the year. This Friday and Saturday starting at 10:30 PM Eastern, seven 30 Pacific Tall. Have a six pack and make over six figures. Ladies, is this what you're looking for as well? Call us up right now. It's The, Breakfast, Club.


Good morning everybody. It's Djj Envy. Jess. Hilarious. Charlemagne the guy. We are The Breakfast Club. Lauren LaRosa filling in for Jess. Now if you're just joining us, we're talking about the New York Post. They did an article on the 6, 6, 6 rule right now the 6 6 6 rule is a rule that refers to women that are looking for men that are six feet tall. Have a six pack and make over six figures. Now ladies, is this what you are looking for? Let's go to the phone lines. Hello, who's this? Hi, good morning, this is Nisha. Hey Nisha. Good morning. Talk to us. What do you think about the 6, 6, 6 rule? I think that two out of three ain't bad. Like you just pick your two. Right, Two outta three. Okay, that's you looking for. Why are there no God-fearing women calling up here saying that they don't want no 6, 6, 6.


You do realize that's Satan's equation. I'm God-fearing sitting right in front of you. And. I just said You ain't nothing but the devil. Hello? Who's this? I woke up in. Hello? Hey, this is Kisha from Hampton. Hey, 7, 5, 7. What's going on mama? Hey, so what's the 6, 6, 6 rule? Six feet. Six figures. And what's the other one? Six pack. Six pack. I would say I think that's a little bit unrealistic and some women may be blocking their blessings with that. I mean 'cause If, you look at it, the average person doesn't make six figures. You know or six feet. So I mean they may be blocking their, but especially If, you don't bring You know the same things to the table. Six figures, then that's right.


Maybe that's not a good idea to go with that standard. Okay. But yeah, shout out to my five five King This why you gonna be blessed, mama? Thank you for shouting out all the five, five Kings, short kings. We out here. Damn. But just why you gonna always be blessed? 'cause you understand that God's plan works and yours doesn't. All of these women calling up here talking about they want this 6, 6, 6 rule, they ain't nothing but the devil. That's why. And you said it. That's why they missing they blessings. You So silly. Thank you Mama. Trick Kings be out here being angry. Hello, Who's this? Hi, this is Tiffany. Hey, what's up Tiffany? Where you calling from? Hell, I'm calling from Peekskill, New York. Okay. And I'm at work. Okay. All right. Now we're talking about the 6, 6, 6 rule. What? What's your thoughts on it?


All right, so my thoughts is on it first, Solem may, I did agree with you about the satanic meaning, but about the 6, 6, 6. However, 6, 6, 6 has a angel meaning too. Like it creates balance. And what else it said, I thought that was something we focusing on what truly matters in life. However, I just feel like whoever created the 6, 6, 6 rule about a man being six feet tall, having six abs and six figures is just a bit much. I think it's a bit of a stretch because I know y'all help us ain't even out here with men who's making four figures. So let's be real. But at the end of the day, If, you could have like at least six inches don't have six kids and got at least a 6 cents. We good in my book? Ma'am? Can I, can I, I have my angel numbers right here.


Can I tell you what 6, 6, 6 means in the angel numbers? Huh? Yes. It means your thoughts. Your thoughts need some refocusing. This is a reminder that you are a spiritual being, having a human experience reconnect with your spiritual reality. That's what 6, 6, 6 means, means you charla. Well, well thank you. Here you go. Charlemagne. Listen, I said I did okay, but listen, it's a num numerology thing with the 6, 6, 6 stuff. So it's not always six handed. 'cause all I wanted to say, however, back to the topic with the 6, 6, 6 stuff is a little bit dumb to me. If, you ask. Thank you mama. Hear that Lauren dumb. Now I Said I'm not like living by that whole Thing. Salute to t Neely t Neely. He, he's a brother. He's a little hurt.


I could tell right now. He said it's not right. You can't control your penis size or your height size, but you can control how much you make in his life. So it's actually one out of three realistic. He, he's a brother. And sometimes like You know the little shrimp guy community. They, they get good at knowing what to do with it, even though it's not a lot of it there. So You know, I think women should be open and itty Bitty shrimp. What is wrong with you? Now? Somebody says this is why black men run to white women. They don't shame penis size. That's a Damn one. I'm a black woman in here. Not shaming. Y'all just want reasons to run to wherever. Like please Us alone. Yeah, If. you want a white woman? Say you want a white woman.


Don't blame that on nobody. Okay? So positive vibe said what happened to doing things naturally? Just let things flow on its own. Who cares about the whole 6, 6, 6 idea? And. I Agree. I agree with that. Yep. I keep telling y'all God's plan works. Yours doesn't If. you You know what I've learned in his last year of dating. What? First of all, you ain't been on no dating, you ain't learned a thing. What did You know what I'm saying? Ain't learned a damn thing. You ain't been in no classroom. Let me know when y'all done. We done You, y'all finish y'all. What did you learn? Are Y'all finish or y'all Done? What did you learn? Because I, I felt like I was on a something prolific and y'all just like Ain ve You know what I learned from dating this shit. What you learn, you single whack what you learn, tell us. It's gotta flow. You can't force stuff.


You just gotta If. you meet a person and it's working, let it go where it's gonna go. If it doesn't work, it just doesn't work. It's okay. And it could be you And, and it could be and it and you think It's you, it probably is. I don't think that it's me. I don't. But it could be for other people. Aw, Nah. In some situations it, it could have been me. And in those situations you are And my dms, all people say it is Lauren. Lauren is the problem. It's You. And like I told you and they didn't tell you I'm a great problem to have. So nope, I'm not trying to have nothing. But we have just with the mess with Lord If, you Delaware dudes, that'd be, I'll give you some the numbers. Some great prospects. What'd You say? We have Lauren Laro. Je je the best with Laura Osa coming up.


What we talking about? We do Rich Homie Kwan funeral Sad took place yesterday. So in DC Young Fly spoke and a lot of people are talking about him speaking. He, I love it when he speaks, even though it was super sad situation. But he, he spoke life into his family. Rich homie Quan's family. So we are going to take a listen to that and just talk about the funeral a bit. All Right, we'll get into that next. So don't move, it's The. Breakfast. Club. Good morning The. Breakfast Club. Morning everybody. It's DJ nv, just hilarious. Charlamagne the guy. We are The Breakfast. Club. Let's get to just with the mess with Lauren. LaRosa is real. Jessica Robin Moore just don't do no lying. Don't she don't spare nobody worldwide.


Jess worldwide mess on The. Breakfast Club. She's the coaches with Lauren. Lauren LaRosa. I'm back. Okay, And, I got the mess. Talk, talk to me. So yesterday in Atlanta at World Changers Church International Rich homie Kwans celebration of life went down, which included a a a, a huge amount of fans. His his family. It was a free celebration. They did open it up to the fans because they said You know, without the fans, he would've been nothing. And it, it was sold out. There were three viewings that were sold out. But during the celebration his family spoke, his dad got up and spoke about how Kwa was not just his son, it was his best friend as well too.


But DC Young Fly who was really close friends, which with Rich homie Quan got up and spoke directly to the family. But to everybody listening, let's take a listen to DC Pastor. Ain't gonna be long. I see it on your face. You like what I'm here for? First off, we wanna say God is the greatest. All right mother. Y'all gave us a icon. Y'all gave us a legend. You know we all on borrowed time. So the things that he accomplished while he was here, we wanna let y'all know that we're gonna continue on his legacy. It's not why is this happening? Not why is this happening to me? No, we have to ask God what is the purpose? What is the lesson?


Just read the book of Job. He took everything from Job. He kept snatching everything from job and job. Like every Christian that You know everybody like You know I put so much good into The World, why so much bad coming to me? Why he doing this to me? God looked at him and say, who you talking to? Why not you? This is the time for you to praise my name. This is the time for you to tell the other people through the Mr. Pain. I'm the one that's giving you the strength. Boo DC talk that talk to absolutely drop on the close bombs for DC and talking that talk. I like that And I watched the Fool like The Fool watch this in full of DC And he talked to Rich Quan's mom just about just her spirit and her demeanor right now.


And how some people basically say to her like, how are you? I guess so up in spirits or just she's from what it seemed like, it's like she's doing okay despite the situation. And he was saying that like, don't allow people to get in your head because it, that's nothing but basically God. Like, and and that's, that's your, you're supposed to be an example of like what God can do in the Mr. Turmoil. So yeah, I Watched that yesterday too. You know, it's interesting because I guess it's hard to, to feel this and grasp this when somebody passes away. 'cause You know we like, we like to say things don't happen to us. They, they happen for us. Yeah. It's just hard to feel like that when somebody you love passes away. But yeah, DC is right. There is a lesson to be learned here. And He, he, he's going through that currently personally with You know the loss of his girlfriend and the mother of his kids. So You know, I thought the message was, it was great Salute to DC I see Killer Mike spoke as well, Right?


Yes, there were, there was a lot of people there. Of course, rightfully so. It's Rich Homie Qua, but there was a lot of people there. So rest in peace to him and I I'm sure the family support is appreciative of all his support. They also received letters from Vice President Kamala Harris well too. Oh wow. Yeah. So did He get to the, the key to the city or did he get his day yesterday? He got a day yesterday as well too. So it was just like a big day of like, let's honor him and celebration of the fans are there, the family is there, celebration of his life. Ain't Joe Biden don't know who no Rich homie Quan is. You don't Think he want, you don't think Joe Biden hit that? Oh, he he can't even move that fast Walk through. If Joe Quan, if Joe Biden hitting Quan, it's 'cause something wrong with his hip. He not meaning to do it.


He just trying to walk fast. So it look like he Doing it. It's not the thought that counts though in a situation like this. Yes, Yes it is. I guess now hopefully he's actually the one who thought about it. Becausecause, I can't even think of him doing. He didn't think thought about much the while. Not at all. Yeah, You still got on Trump set Up next Cardi B. So Cardi B and Offset are currently being sued. They're being sued by the owner of the home that Cardi B shot the, like what video in this is a home in Beverly Hills. And the homeowner is basically saying that because off offset Cardi and team, and they're putting offset this because Offset directed the video because their team knew that they would have to pay a lot of money for the house because this is, I guess like a popular house.


Like Justin Bieber had shot there before Logan Paul has shot there before they reached out to this homeowner, allegedly, according to the homeowner, and said, oh, we just wanna do like a quick little TikTok video. But then it developed into way more than that. And based on the information that the homeowner provided in the suit, they said that they let them use the property which was previously rented out by these stars for basically free foregoing their usual short-term rental fee. The owner says that had he had known the truth that this was gonna be a real music video, he would've not have ra waived the rental cost. Now the, the home is featured in the, like what music video as I mentioned, it's been uploaded on YouTube.


It's over 27 million views in six months. And I'm sure that the homeowner's gonna use this to say they made money off of this. So I should have been profiting as well too. The homeowners asking for damages in the excess of $35,000. Now car you Made, you made the deal. You can't come back on the deal now and say, oh you made money. No, this is the deal that you made. Well, Cardi B came out in her own defense and she had a lot to say, let's take a listen. She was on Twitter spaces The day that I shot that, like what video we was trying to look for a house. I said hit up his realtor. It was like You know they got a house, the 10,000, we couldn't even go inside the house without putting down the payment.


So we paid them mother as $10,000, right? We were shooting in there all day. It was like Retta. As soon as 6:00 AM hit, the owners were like, oh, overtime, overtime, overtime. Damn hungry. Like is that we kept telling them like, yo, we gonna pay like y'all can see in March. We ended up paying them. Why is it that after the music video came out, y'all wanna act like it was, it was for a TikTok. How, how you gonna say it was from but greedy, hungry ass mother ugly ass house and now y'all trying to finesse we paid you the under your ass for just gimme my money, go and get a Gimme. I hope it's one person. Just gimme my money. I hope it's one person. Cardi never pays a publicist.


She don't need one. All narratives will be cleared up by Bardy herself. She's a walking press release, dropping a cruise bond for Cardi B. Can you do a Wendy story real Quick? Yes, I can please. So Wendy Williams is also in, in the lawsuit conversation. She, Wendy Williams, it's not, it's her guardian. Wendy Williams Guardian is suing Annie Networks and Annie Networks and Lifetime and the producer, his name is Mark Ford. The, the executive producer of that last Wendy Williams doc that we got where it's like, where is Wendy Williams? Yeah. So basically what's happening is her guardian is saying that all of these people made millions of dollars and Wendy Williams only made $82,000 off of this documentary.


In the complaint, they're saying that they, that these people profitably profited immensely from the, their exp exploit exploitation of Wendy. And this is money. The the profits that she didn't receive is money that she could have used towards her medical care, the supervision of her life, and just different things that she has going on right now. So they're going back and saying, y'all need to run us somewhere money because it's not fair. But they negotiated it again. They negotiated it and her whole family's part of that doc. So it's not like they could say, well this team did it or that team did it. Yeah. The whole family was part of that documentary. The the reason I wanted Lauren to report that story because I thought about Wendy so much yesterday. Everybody did. The whole world Did. And that's what that's what I'm saying. That story came out and then some old picture of me and Wendy started going by. I seen that picture. Yeah. And then everybody was talking about her And I was like, damn man.


I worked with Wendy for a few years and a lot of things that we've seen over the past You know several years I heard all of these stories about all these people on air and off air. The off air ones was even better. And it just had me thinking, well what did Wendy lie about? Because there was so many things she told me about people that have come to pass. She tell you about the thousand bottles. She really was a one-on-one. Okay. Because she would get actual information and there is so many things she didn't report. I watched her say You know, like things would come through and she'd be like, I don't believe that. I don't believe that. I don't believe that. But the things she did believe and reported, boy those things have come true. They even were created. I mean, I could write a list right Now. Some, some of the blogs were even creating, I forget which blog I saw this on.


What Will Wendy Williams has said yesterday when, when all the Diddy stuff was happening and they had the what is happening here right now? I feel like I'm gonna be indicted. I Calm loud ass gas. Allegedly. All right. The people next anywhere. That's what Wendy would. Allegedly. Allegedly. It's The. Breakfast Club. Good morning clap is, Thank You The. Breakfast Club. Your mornings will never be the same. Morning everybody, we are The Breakfast Club. Now we gotta salute to evil. Marcel for joining us this morning. Salute to Evil man. Make sure you stuck check out her show Buried Alive, what is it called? Yeah, buried Alive and Survived Premier September 21st at 8:00 PM on Lifetime this weekend.


I also want to salute the New Orleans. Shout out to everybody who listens to us on Q 93 in New Orleans. I'm gonna be in New Orleans Friday. I'm gonna be at Xavier University for their Nola Love event at 10:00 AM at the Convocation Center. So I'll be there first and then later on that night, 7:30 PM I'll be at Baldwin books in conversation with Cherise Gibson of WW LT v New Orleans. So go to Baldwin and company books.com, Baldwin and co books.com to get tickets. And I wanna tell everybody, don't forget about my fourth annual Mental Wealth expo, which is happening October 12th here at the Marriott Marquee in Times Square. You. know it is a free event open to all ages.


We bring some of the best psychiatrists like You know Dr. Rita Walker, Dr. Alfi, Breland Noble. Dr. Bryant will be there. You see Dr. Bryant going viral for her interviews with Cam Newton and Nick Cannon. My man Jay Barnett's going to be there. Elliot, Connie, Jason Wilson. Just a lot of great people. Angela Rye. Tyrese is gonna be there. Tyrese is actually gonna be there in conversation with Jason Wilson having a great conversation just about men being vulnerable. So it's just a great day of mental health, healing and education. October 12th, Marriott Marquee Times Square. It is a free event open for all ages. Go to mental health expo.com for more details. All right, when we come back, we got the positive notice. The Breakfast. Club. Good morning. Morning everybody. It D EJ Envy, Jess, hilarious Charlamagne, the guy we are.


The Breakfast, Club Law LaRosa. Filling in for just now. I know Diddy goes back to court today to see if he can get a bail. What time does that happen? Do You know Lauren? He does. I know it's this afternoon. I don't need know the exact time yet, but I know it's this afternoon though. So, And right now he's currently staying in M-D-C-M-D-C in Brooklyn. Yeah. Yep. He's still, yep, he's there. And what, what we'll do is is If, you guys are or you not, if please go on, follow Brown Girl Grinding on Instagram. Lauren la Rosa on Instagram and Twitter. Yesterday what I was doing is I was keeping people updated as we found out information. And then You know I put everything together, then we bring it back here on the show the following morning. So If, you wanna stay tuned and locked all day long with me to figure out like what's about to happen with Diddy. That's where you'll do it. And I appreciate y'all. People are like sending me tips to news@browngirlgrinding.com video clips that they think that we should be talking about in here.


Keep doing it. I, I appreciate that a lot. Alright, Well Charlamagne, you got a positive note? I do man. The positive note is simple. Sometimes people throw away something good for something better, only to find out later that good was actually good enough and better never even came close. You have a great day Breakfast Club Bitches. Do Y'all finish or y'all done?


This episode is brought to you by FX iss, the old man. The hit show returns starring Jeff Bridges and John Lithgow, the former CIA agent sets off on his most important mission to date to recover his daughter. After she's kidnapped the stakes get higher and more secrets are uncovered. FX is the old man all new Thursdays on FX Stream. On Hulu.


I'm Kerry Champion and this is season four of Naked Sports. Up. First, I explore the making of a rivalry. Kaitlyn Clark versus Angel Reese. People are talking about women's basketball just because of one single game. Clark and Reese have changed the way we consume women's basketball. And on this new season, we'll cover all things sports and culture. Listen to Naked Sports on the Black Effect Podcast network, iHeartRadio apps, or wherever you get your podcasts.


The Black Effect Podcast Network is sponsored by Diet Coke.


Hey, I'm Gianna Denti And. I'm Jma Jackson Gadsden. We're the host of Let's Talk Offline From LinkedIn News and iHeartPodcasts. There's a lot to figure out when you're just starting your career. That's where we come in. Think Of us as your work besties you can turn to for advice. And if we don't know the answer, we bring in people who do like negotiation expert Maury to Harry, poor If. you start thinking about negotiations as just a conversation. Then I think it sort of eases us a little bit. Listen to, let's talk offline on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts.


I'm Jess Cato, executive producer of the hit Netflix documentary series, dancing for the Devil, the seven M TikTok Cult. And I'm Lea Gray, former member of seven M Films and Shekinah Church. And we're the host of the new podcast for Give Me For I Have Followed Together. We'll be diving even deeper into the unbelievable stories behind seven M Films and Shekinah Church. Listen to forgive me for I have followed on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts.


I'm Carrie Champion and this is season four of Naked Sports. Up. First, I explore the making of a rivalry, Kaitlyn Clark versus Angel Reese. Every great player needs A foil. I know I'll go down to history. People are talking about women's basketball just because of one single game. Clark and Reese have changed the way we consume women's sports. Listen to the making of a rivalry. Kaitlyn Clark versus Angel Reese on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcast, or wherever you get your podcasts Presented by Capital One founding partner of iHeart Women's Sports.