
Taking control of your career is empowering. Just don't tell my boss I said that. Just kidding. I am the boss.


This is Carlos Miller from the 85 South Show. And building a career isn't just about a job. It's about creating a path that impacts our community and future generations. Whether you're starting out or even making big moves, state Farm is here to support you with resources to help protect what you're working hard to achieve. They've got your back every step of the way because Like a good neighbor. State. Farm is there. Find out more@statefarm.com.


Life is an act of constant reinvention that's true for you and for cause. Nissan Reimagined the all new kicks around you. The Bowles Personal Plus sound system with speakers in the headrest keeps you in the groove while the Nissan Safety Shield 360 Technologies keep you safe. If Nissan reinvented the kicks, you can reinvent yourself. Drive the all new Reimagined Nissan Kicks today. Available Features compatible device service and consumer activation of Nissan Connect Services. Package required Use only when safe and legal subject to third party service availability. For more information, see Nissan usa.com/connect/legal Apple CarPlay is a trademark of Apple Link Intelligent All-Wheel Drive cannot prevent collisions or provide enhanced traction in all conditions. Always monitor traffic and weather conditions.


You could sit there and listen to ads, or you could take a moment to have a Diet Coke break. First, grab a chill diet Coke. 'cause if you want it to be perfect, it needs to be crispy. Next, get a big cup of ice. 'cause everyone knows Diet Coke is best served swimming and ice. Then sip it slowly. Feel that burn and enjoy your break for as long as possible. When you need a break, don't forget to grab an ice cold Diet Coke and take a Diet Coke break.


This is Coke Zero. Sugar. Could I be the best Coke ever? Try and taste with your ears. Hear those bubbles. Imagine them tingling on your top busy deliciousness. Listen to that cascading liquid. A mouthwatering waterfall. Irresistibly tasty, zero sugar, crisp, refreshing, and ice. Gold is Coke Zero. Sugar the best Coke ever. Try and decide.


Hey, it's me Tyler. Both open Airbus or Stylish. The color. It looks almost like a earring. I feel like it could go with anything. The music I'm making right now feels like a holiday. I wanna look like it too. Eh, check out boz.com for more.


Good morning. USA. Yo. Yo. Yo. Yo yo. Yo. Yo. Yo. Yo. Yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo, yo yo, yo yo. Lauren LaRosa filling in for Jess. What up Lauren? Good morning y'all. Charlemagne the guy. Peace to the planet. It's Thursday. Good morning. How y'all feel out now? It's like 80 degrees outside again. It's nice. It's beautiful. Yes. This is crazy. Y'all keep saying it's beautiful, but y'all keep forgetting that it's November 7th. I know. In New Jersey. This ain't Miami. I know this ain't Texas. It's crazy. Okay. All right. This ain't, this ain't no way that's supposed to be warm this time of year. Yes. It's not. But I just pray it stays like this For my birthday. Yeah. And then after that we can figure out the climate stuff. Yeah. The climate change is absolutely positively real.


Yes. Okay. And if you don't believe it's real by nine And, I, don't know what to tell you. don Don't think it's gonna be like that for the, for two weeks now, because your birthday's in two weeks. I don't think it's gonna stay 80 in two weeks. Well, can be You right. Y'all was so hopeful yesterday. About every, let's stay hopeful about the weather For my birthday. You know. Yesterday I got, I went to sleep last night at six 30. I Was asleep before that. Oh, I went to sleep at six 30 and woke up at at four this morning. I got back at around like two. It felt so good. I was Knocked Out. I ain't get that much sleep in a long time. So I feel refreshed. How you feeling? Shout man. I feel blessed Black and highly favored man. You know God is good. That's why I keep trying to tell y'all God is the best author and the best finisher You. know what I mean? And that's just how I live my life. Always. Always. Alright. Amen. And I'm happy to be here to serve our listeners for another day.


That's right. You know another day to serve our beautiful listeners. Man, what we getting into? Absolutely. When we come back, we got front page news. Of course, Kamala Harris spoke at Howard University yesterday, so I'm sure we'll break that down and a whole lot more. So don't go anywhere. Let's get the show cracking. It's The. Breakfast. Club. Good morning. Morning everybody. It's DJ nv Jess, hilarious. Charlemagne, the guy. We are The, Breakfast. Club. Lauren LaRosa, filling in for Jess. And let's get in some front page news quickly in some quick sports tonight. Thursday night football, the Bengals take on the Ravens at eight 15. Good morning, Morgan. Good morning. And. I. Love to see it. Ravens block. Let's go. You Know.


Are you such a hater? Yo, good morning, envy. Good morning and good Morning. Hey Charlaine. What morning Morgan. How are you? All right, y'all. So Kamala Harris is conceding the presidential race to Donald Trump, speaking from her alma mater, Howard University in Washington DC The Vice President said her heart is full of gratitude for her supporters. Now, Harris said she called President elect elect Trump yesterday to congratulate him. And she is looking forward to a peaceful transfer of power. Let's hear more from VP Harris. We have been intentional about building community and building coalitions, bringing people together from every walk of life and background, united by love of country with enthusiasm and joy in our fight for America's future.


And we did it with the knowledge that we all have so much more in common than what separates us. Now, I know folks are feeling and experiencing a range of emotions right now. I get it. But we must accept the results of this election. Earlier today, I spoke with President-elect Trump and congratulated him on his victory. I also told him that we will help him and his team with their transition. While I concede this election, I do not concede the fight that fueled this campaign.


Can't hear Morgan. Oh, There you go. Yeah, no. Yeah, outside. Yesterday on the campus at Howard University, there were a lot of tears as she delivered that speech. She said, the light of America's promise will burn bright as long as we never give up. She, of course, thanked Governor Tim Walls for his work on the campaign trail. But nothing, Nothing. He was out there crying too. Alright, Thanks for Nothing, Tim. Wal You know You know your grandma. Be like, God, bless his soul. Thanks for nothing. Tim Walls told y'all that from the beginning. All right. Never was sold on him. Thanks for nothing. Jesus. You go back out there. Morgan, did you go back out there? No. Yeah. I, I was, yeah. I was out there yesterday and it was, and it was Very stom. Yeah. Very somber. Very somber mood.


Yeah. It was very, the, it, it was a, a, a, a feeling of defeat. Anyway. Gotcha. So, yeah. Well, I mean, it was, it's not a feeling. Funny. I'll say the vice president, the vice president did nothing wrong. Drop one of cruise bombs for Kamala Harris. Okay. That a hundred day campaign was historic And inspiring. Polling wise, president Biden had them in the hole, and Kamala Harris gave them a fighting chance going into election day poll. Said they was neck and neck on election day. That's, that's all you can ask for. Yeah. I always say what You know. Do you think that she would run again? Do you think that she would try this again and that next time have a, a full campaign and have enough time? And I don't can start You know don Don't so early. I, I personally don't know, but probably not.


I don't think that there's too many democratic strategists who would, who would want her to run again. Why not? What, how does that work? That 'cause of the, because of the way she lost. That's But you just said she didn't have enough time. I Didn't say she didn't have enough time. I said for what she did, it was a historic campaign. Well, a lot of people believe she didn't have enough time. I Think the Biden administration, because of their approval rating, You know, especially Biden, the fact she didn't distance herself from Biden enough far enough. And the fact that his appro, his approval rating was under 40. I don't, I mean, I personally don't think they would run her again in four years. don don't know. Who knows? Like you said yesterday, this is the time for the Dems to just lock in and figure out who's up next then, whether it be her or not. But of course, Tim Wal, he took the social media to release a statement thanking, saying their campaign was the honor and privilege of his life.


He wrote, while the outcome is not what we wanted, I'm grateful to the millions of Americans who stood up for the greatest ideals, decency, compassion, and love of our neighbor. Also, president Biden, he's praising Harris, following her concession speech. Excuse me. Biden released a statement saying what America saw today was Kamala Harris. The Kamala Harris I know and deeply admire. He said that she led a historic campaign that was guided by a strong moral compass and a clear vision for a nation that is more free, more just, and full of more opportunities. Now, Biden is scheduled to speak today at 11 eastern from the White House. His remarks will come, of course, two days after Trump defeated Harris.


So we will I was gonna say, I, Go ahead. I hope she holds her head high. She has nothing to be ashamed of You, know what I'm saying? Like she had, she had a hundred day, a hundred plus day campaign. don don't even remember how many, how many days exactly. 1, 7, 1 0 7 Or something like that. Yeah. And she brought together Republicans. She brought together progressives. But at the end of the day, it just wasn't enough. You know, she lost You know. Now onward, the 47th president of the United States of America is Donald J. Trump. So You know. Let, let's, let's hope for the best. I love what she said when she said, the light of America's promise shines bright. Yeah. They said, they also said yesterday, I was watching the news that they said a lot of people sat this one out. A lot of people just didn't go to poll. Oh yeah. I think Joe Biden had like over 80 plus million votes in 2020. I think the VP of that Like what, 60, 64.


65 million. 65 million. Yeah. 65 million, Like 15 million people decided to sit on the couch. And then we said from the beginning, I Said 67 million. 57 million. What? 13 million people who didn't show up. So I always said that this election was gonna come down to the Republicans, lose the crooks, the Democrats, who are the cows. 'cause they don't fight hard enough about nothing. And the couch, which is voter apathy. And it seemed like the couch won. Won. Yeah. I think Politics are so interesting because after all this, and they have to figure out a way to work together. Like all those, all those things they throw back and Forth where they gotta put things to to, to the side and, and, and do what's best for the country now. And So do we as the American people. We The. People. That's what I was saying yesterday. Like You know, regardless of all the divid division and You know things that were said back and forth.


At the end of the day, we still have to find a way to be civil with one another. That's right. As human beings on this planet, regardless of who you decided to vote for, we are still American people at the end of the day. And guess what? We rely on each other to keep each other safe. That's Right. That's the secret. Oh Man, Solem ain't for president. Let's go. Oh God. Please don't do that. Keep for president. Let's get it. They deep diving on everybody. You ever even breathe toward that? Oh, don don't even care. They know I'm trash. Right. Exactly. And see, that's why he would make a good one. Exactly What He trash. Exactly. He trashed. I'm trash. I'm gonna work in progress. Well, the fact That he doesn't care what the people, well, I don know. Anyways, both all. Alright, Stick Around at seven. I we'll, we'll get caught up with some local news in regards to what New York governor Kathy Hoel had to say about Trump's win.


Alright, everybody else get it off your chest. 805 8 5 1 0 5 1 If you need to vent. Phone lines are wide open. It's The Breakfast. Club. Good morning, The Breakfast Club. This is your time to get it off your chest. Keep calling. 805 8 5 1 0 5 1. We want to hear from you on The. Breakfast Club. Hello. Who's this? This is DeAngelo from Detroit. Man. What's going On? What up, what up do, what's going on? DeAngelo? Get it off your chest, brother. Man, I just want to say, bro, that we not a monolith You. know what I'm saying? Black people take by theyselves And, I. Feel like it's not a blame on this Democratic Party. What happened? I feel like at the end of the day, why we lost.


I feel like it's the Democratic party's the reason why we lost man. They promised us. They promised us the promise. Us we never get nothing in return man. And it's a new day and a new age. And. I feel like You. know what I'm saying? As black people, we should now demand everything we want before that. We give a apart to give up our votes. Man, we've been sitting around too long and just giving, getting the cru. But now we need everything we ask for, for them, for us to vote for 'em. Man. And maybe, maybe it's a good, a good thing that Trump did win because we could see if he really piggybacked off Obama economy because he could bring us out of this economy and we could see what the Republicans do. So at the end of the day, if he do bring out that economy, we can look at it, be like, maybe we can to switch parties out or maybe do something different.


That's how I feel. Well, the reality of this situation is anybody who voted for You know Donald Trump. You know you. You have to push him to do what, what he promised that he was going to do. That's just the truth. And I. And everybody has to stop saying that You know And I understand. I'm about to say, everybody has to stop saying that the economy's not good. 'cause the economy is solid right now. But the problem is, if it doesn't trickle down to the least of us, it don't matter. Like we can say the economy's good. We can say the stock market is booming. We can talk about all these jobs that were created, but the majority of people that's at the bottom ain't feeling that. It, it don't, it don't really matter. Hello? Who's this? Yeah. You know. Hello? Who's this? Yeah, this is Jack.


What's up Jack? Jack Loud figure. Thank you. Good morning. Good morning everybody. What's up Jack? Get it off your chest, brother. Yeah, I was You know. I was just wondering how a lot of people say they Christ and they believe in God and Christ. How can you to get behind people that policy that are trying to carry to the word of God? Oh God. Talk to me brother. Talk to me. Tell me more. You know what He talking about. I, I mean, because my family, I, I get into it all the time. I I hear you back there, Laura LaRosa like, oh God. But how's God going to feel when we see him? Because we all going to court. That's the only reason why judges is in the land. So everybody will know that we gonna be judged. So if you, if you on God's side, be on God's side, and if, if you on the other side, be on the other side, You.


know what I'm saying? You, you, you, you married. Right? Are you married? What? Wait, first of all, what, what are you talking to? What Are you, what, what you Referring to? What that is? Not on God's side in the policies. Be specific before I respond. 'cause don don't wanna respond to Ron All. So the Democrats ka Harris and all of them, they promote Camilla. That's marriage. A man could be a woman and a woman could be a man. And all these other different things that they putting in play. And it's gaslighting the people. God said this in the word of God. He said, your leaders caused you to stray from the established moral code. And those that are letter them are destroyed. So what they doing right now is leading us down the path of destruction. Because the science of life is the word of God.


Based on that things come forth. So people don't believe that what we do morally has a big effect on what happens in The. World. But it's the only thing that governs society. Yeah. But You know that there's, there's, there's a lot of sins that are listed in the Bible. You've, you've never, like And I don't, I don't rule. I don't, I don't look at anybody's lifestyle and say, this is wrong. That's wrong. You're not judging 'em. Yeah. don don't judge anybody. Right. But I feel like when people say that, it's like you got some stuff that people would be upset about too. You go Ask if you had sex before marriage. Well, Lauren, Lauren, Lauren, you'll be too deep with this. My brother. I haven't seen too many moral politicians. You know they cheat on their wives. They have multiple baby mamas. They sleep with porn stars. So I don't think morality is something that I look for when I go to cast my vote.


And I think that we really need to start treating this like, like, like business more than anything. Yeah. And the thing about it is The World is God's fitness. And what he said goes, try, you feel me, And I understand what y'all saying, that people be in the pulpit, all this stuff. Everybody out here really doing what we supposed to be doing, but we supposed to try You. know what I mean? And when you just really, totally blatantly just disrespect and disregard what God's saying, they make him angry Once. He ain't playing no games with nobody. You right brother. So, once again, God is the best author in finisher and You know. I once again, I haven't seen too many moral politicians ever in my life. And 'cause I, they, they all fall short just like we all do.


Why? We can't live and let live though ever. Like, I, I don't like that when people use the Bible stuff. Well get it off your chest. 805 8 5 1 0 5 1. If you need to vent, hit us up now. It's The, Breakfast. Club. Good morning. The. Breakfast. Club. Ray. Ray. Ray. Yo Sha man. Envy. What up are we live? This Is your time to get it off your chest. I got an indoor pool, a outdoor Pool. We want to hear from you on The. Breakfast. Club. We Can get on the phone right now. Here, tell you what, it's we lie. Hello. Who's this? Hey, this is Chris from East New York. Chris, good morning. Get it off your chest. Good morning man. First before I say anything I want to say, give a big shout out to my wife.


We've been married 90 days. Been together for like 13 years. That's what it is. I'm sure she's left. I'm sure she's listening on her way to work. Abby, this is for you. I know you like those horns. Oh, There you go. I ain't hear it. Yeah, you're a truck driver. Thats what it is. He loves, he loves, he loves when men below. Yo, shut Up man. Yo, shut up man. Y'all. But I want to say good morning to all of y'all. Char Charlotte, you funny as hell man. You got me rolling every morning. I think y'all a great team. Thank you Ken. What I was trying to get to man, was that You know, I'm just hoping for a better tomorrow. The election. It, it ain't go as planned. Of course we voted Democrat. I think that it's time for change.


I think that we gotta You know, put a female in office to see what what happens. And, and especially Kaela. I think that she's really strong. Kamala. Kamala. That's why I think 15 million people didn't show up. 'cause y'all went to the voting booth and didn't see them. Other names. Y'all be saying they was looking For Camil Cam, Camilla, they looking behind Camille. Yeah. Where's Camille I don, see on this thing, Where's Kaela? I don. Who is this? K per, Who is this? Camille? Yeah. Yeah. I think that that You know it, it kind of sucks right now. And I think that we headed for disaster. I think Trump, like you said, Charla has a hit list. And I think that You know before he leaves the office, he's gonna cause a lot of destruction. Well, Let's hope not like that. That's what I said.


That's what I, that's what I said yesterday on the radio. All of the things that Trump has said leading up to You know him, becoming President-elect. I hope he doesn't do any of those things. Okay, let, let's yeah, let, let, let's hope for the best, let's hope that he does the things that we want to happen. Like You know the economy is solid. Now he says he wanna make it better. Let's hope that he makes it better. Let's hope that he secures the border. Like those are the things that I'm hoping for. I'm, I'm, I'm being optimistic. Alright, Well get it off your chest. 805 8 5 1 0 5 1. We got just with the mess coming up. What we talking about? We do. And the celebs are responding to Kamala and You know her conceding and her speech. And Cardi B had something to say was pretty funny as well too. So we going kick it off with that.


Alright, we'll get into that. Next. It's The. Breakfast Club. Good morning The. Breakfast Club. Morning everybody. It's DJ Envy. Just hilarious. Charlemagne the guy. We are The Breakfast. Club. Let's get to just with the mess with Lauren LaRosa News is real. Just Robin Moore. Just don't do no lying. Don't do, she don't. Nobody Worldwide match On The. Breakfast Club. She's the coach Shoes. Lauren. Lauren And. I Got the mess. Talk, talk to me. So yesterday Kamala came out, we talked about this at the top of the show and spoke to the people after You know losing the election.


And she conceded and there were a lot of responses online. I seen people on TikTok crying and there, there was a lot of conversation yesterday around You know what's about to happen. But there were also a lot of celebrities who spoke out about it. Jay Leno was on a talk show and he, he was on the talk on CBS and he said that he, he thought that this was a great day for democracy. Not because of supporting one candidate or not supporting another candidate, but just because there was no cheating. I agree. LeBron actually posted as well. He posted a, a picture with him and his daughter and he said, heavy on my heart and mind. This a am my princess. I promise to protect you with everything I have in me and more.


We don't need their help with a bunch of hearts. And he's referring to I You know he got a little Baby Girl and things about to get very real for the women. That Is one of the biggest things that You know really does break your heart. Like when I look at my 9-year-old and my 6-year-old and how enthused they were about Vice President Kamala Harris. Yes. Like You know. They'll see me watching CNN, S-N-B-C-A Fox and they'll come running and be asking me all types of questions. And You know. They were upset that she lost yesterday. But even just watching You know women, the last 48 hours women that I know, very upset, very sad. Some breaking down in tears. 'cause You know. It just reminds them that You know, they always say you gotta work twice as hard to get half as much or you gotta be twice as good to get half as much in these type of situations.


You could look at Hillary, Hillary, Hillary. You could look at the vice President. President Yep. Say they were 10 times as be 10 times better to get nothing. Mm. Yeah. Hillary won a popular vote. Yeah, absolutely. Well, I was talking about that on the way in from the parking lot this morning. I was talking to one of the women that works in the building and she was saying that as a woman, she was just, she didn't really know how to feel And. I was saying, I felt the same way yesterday when we were getting ready for the show. And it was the first time ever, honestly, in my whole life, And, I've been voting since I was able to, that I really felt the election. And I'm like, maybe it's 'cause I'm getting older and I'm more like aware. But I was just like, dang. Okay. But also Bernie Sanders spoke out yesterday as well too. And a lot of people were on X arguing about what he had posted.


Bernie Sanders spoke out and he said that it should be as, no, it should be, it should come to no great surprise that a Democratic party, which has abandoned working class people would find that the working class people have abandoned them. Why? The Democratic leadership defends the status quo. The American people are angry and want change and they're right. People were upset about that. He's not wrong. He didn't say anything wrong. Democrats need to stop neglecting their base and they need to stop neglecting working class people. Like when you, when you have, you could talk about the economy being good all you want, but when people aren't feeling it in their pockets, everyday working class people aren't feeling it in their pockets. They gonna feel a way. I hear you. I think that You know the people that were upset, especially the, the like the black women.


I,


Hey fam, this is Carlos Miller from the 85 South Show. If you're like me, you are always thinking about how to level up your career. Maybe you're fresh outta college, just starting in your field or even looking to switch things up and find your true calling. Whatever stage you're in, remember that this is your time to grow, to learn, and to build something that lasts. State Farm understands that early career development is key to long-term success. They've been a steady presence in our community and they know having the right support early can make all the difference. State Farm is there to help you make smart moves and to help you get the coverage you need. We all know that the journey to success is a marathon, not a sprint. It's all about staying focused, staying grounded, and making sure you're protected every step of the way. Let's build our careers with confidence, knowing that State Farm is there to support us just like they've always been. Because Like a good neighbor. State Farm is there. Find out more@statefarm.com.


The World is constantly changing. It's up to you to decide how to respond. Choose to be bold to try something new. Choose to reinvent yourself. That's what Nissan did with the all new totally reimagined kicks. The dynamic new exterior styling immediately announces that Nissan isn't messing around the interior. A completely redesigned cabin with premium features like wireless Apple call play and a panoramic moonroof make driving a kicks immersive and exciting. And with new performance and safety features like intelligent all-Wheel Drive, the Kicks is both fun and safer to drive than ever before. It is the dawning of a brand new era for the Nissan Kicks. Only one question remains. Is it a new era for you as well? Drive the all new Reimagined Nissan kicks today. Available Features compatible device service and consumer activation of Nissan Connect services. Package required use only when safe and legal subject to third party service availability For more information, see Nissan usa.com/connect/legal Apple CarPlay is a trademark of Apple Link. Intelligent all-Wheel Drive cannot prevent collisions or provide enhanced traction in all conditions. Always monitor traffic and weather conditions.


Coming soon to Prime video You can Call me Detective Alex Cross Based on characters created by James Patterson. Detective Cross, you've been doing this a long time and you're the best. And created by Ben Watkins. Multiple victims I've connected to. This Comes a thrilling new series. He's a serial killer. I don't kill for, for this killer. Thinks he's the smartest guy in the room. So lot of sickos out. There's a lot of speakers out there. He actually believes he's an artist. You're gonna be part of a masterpiece. This is the product of an unbelievable obsession. Aldis Hodge is DC's finest. Alex Cross. If we don't find him soon, we may never have another chance. Again. 30 years knowing Cross. I learned to dress his gut against inside his head. The clock's ticking. He was hitting my house. He messed with my kids. He's gotta be getting close. Do, you think you can stop him? I know I can cause I. know him better than he knows himself. Cross a new original series only on Prime Video November 14th.


What does it feel like to get the new iPhone 16 pro with at and t? Next up. Anytime. It's like when you first pick up those tongs and you're now the one running the grill, it's indescribable like something you've never felt before. All the mouthwatering anticipation of new possibilities, whether it's making a perfect cheeseburger or treating your family to a grill baked potato, which You know will forever change the way you look at potatoes with at t. Next up, anytime you can feel this way again and again. Learn how to get the new iPhone 16 pro with Apple intelligence on at t and the latest iPhone everywhere with at t's. Next up, anytime at t connecting changes everything. Apple Intelligence coming fall 2024 with Siri and device language to set us English. Some features and languages will be coming over the next year. $0 offer may be not available on future iPhones. Next up, anytime Feature may be discontinued at any time. Subject to change additional fees, terms and restrictions apply. See att.com/iphone four details.


O


Welcome to The. World of B'S Ultra open earbuds. The perfect gift for the music lover in your life. They're designed to give you complete openness to your surroundings while providing rich private sound. I wanna hear what that sounds like. Picture this. A walk on a sunny winter day. You can hear the satisfying crunch of snow beneath your feet and your favorite holiday song playing. That's the magic we're talking about. Hear life and music at the same time. B'S ultra open earbuds. Own the gift game and check out bose.com/iheart to shop now.


So our respondent, it was like they felt like Kamala was doing everything that she could to speak to those people. It was kind of like danged if you do danged, if you don't, that's how, that was. A lot of the sentiment I felt. Well he he didn't say Ka a little. He said Democrats, And, I think that's that's the problem. Like she's having to deal with a lot of the parties Bs. Yeah. Historically the party has been on to BS and she's having to deal with that. This is, this is not her, it's not her Fault. And like you said, a lot of people don't understand that You know. People are saying, yeah, the stock market's doing great, they this, that and the other. But I Ain't got stocks. don don't care. A Lot of people are not invested in the stock market stock. They don't care about the stock market. They don't care about what's going on in Wall Street. Stocks are up. They care about paying for groceries. They care about paying their mortgage, their rent. They care about paying their their car. No paying Table Issues.


Yes. Right. And that's, and that's, that's if you can afford a dinner table. And even I I will say too, yesterday when I was watching the arguments on accident on Instagram and all of that, I'm like, I don't even think people understand how much of a luxury it is to have time to sit on these platforms and argue. Because a lot of people don't even take the time to do that. Because in real life they just trying to figure things out. They don't Even realize they don't got no job. They don't even realize they don't have no job Yo to not know you don't have a job. But just they Don't, don't even realize it. That's why they don't understand why everybody else upset. Yeah. They Don't, they don't even realize they don't have no job. So you listen to the people who are actively out there, You know, trying to find work. And if you can't and they're feeling a way about it, even though unemployment is after the lowest, it's been in a long time.


Well, speaking about the everyday people, I feel like Cardi B always talks right to the people and how we feeling. She posted a video yesterday. And I was like, okay, sis heard you, let's take a listen to Cardi. Listen, I'm gonna let You know this right now. Okay. So You know trumpets like y'all won. I know you're happy. Whatever. The ain't nobody acting like better losers. However, y'all need to leave me the alone because I got one more cigarette in me before I start letting you ass up. I And that's where to the United States of Mother America. Yeah. Yeah. Cardi. Don't let these people stress you out. Okay. You Know she gonna be on Twitter arguing. I Believe him. She gonna, yeah. She gonna be on Don't play with body. She gonna like that one cigarette.


Smoke it down to the brim and be on there arguing. It's no need to argue with folks. It's no need to fight with people. Donald J. Trump won. Okay. The American people spoke. He's the president of the United States of America. Let's hope for the best onward On one You know. Yeah. Onward. Like what else? What else we supposed to do? It's the holidays man. We can get back to all this after the inauguration. Okay. I think we all should enjoy the next 74 days because the new, the new normal begins after inauguration day. So I think that y'all should enjoy the next 74 Days. Yeah. They just cut down the tree that they're gonna put up in Rockefeller Center. They cut that out. It was in New England. They just cut the tree down. So now we start getting into the holiday stuff. Thanksgiving's around the corner. Yeah. Well, I mean, what else, what you Mean? They cut the tree down. Rockefeller don't got their own tree.


No, they get a tree every year. They Bring in a new tree every year. Why wouldn year? Why wouldn't they just plant, plant a tree and grow it after all these years? They could have had their own big Ass tree. It's a whole thing when they like wrapped It and light it down. They go to these tree farms and they find the, the, the perfect tree. They cut it down. This one's coming from New England. Then they're driving it 145 miles to Rockefeller Center. Then they light it with 50,000 lights and all. That's like a big thing that, That's why the earth don't like y'all no more. That's why the earth rebellion right now. That's why it's 90 degrees in November right there. 'cause it's stuff like that. But It's tradition. How long you been living in New York? Do You know that don don't That they could have built a tree a long time ago. Built a tree. Could tree The. World Could build a tree. They could have, they could have planted a tree a long time ago and grew a tree. Like why you gotta cut down a tree every year? I have a fake tree at this point. No, I'm fake tree and Rockefeller Center, bro.


I'm tired of people cutting down trees. You know just because of, for capitalistic reasons. You don't get real trees. You wonder why people got so many respiratory issues and all of that type of stuff. Right now it's Because of Christmas trees. It's because people be cutting down trees for capitalistic reasons. Christmas Trees. I was about say it my mom. We've been cutting down trees forever. They're Not, they. They'll cut down a whole forest. Put a Starbucks out. You Do don. Don't use a real tree. I Use a fake tree. I mean now we, because we're older. But when we was kids, it was a tradition of ago we Watched tree. Nah, we always had a fake tree. Tree. We had a fake tree. We used that tree for like 15 years. I had a rabbit named Eddie. He used to eat all the stuff under the tree. Which it felt good. It was huge Because The Rockefeller tree big, right? Yeah. What I'm it's did not know. They, I did not know. They bought a new one in every year. So you protesting. You're not gonna go see it. I don Wanna know what they do with it afterwards.


Do they use they throw it out other thing throw. That's the problem. I'm sure recycle it. I'm sure they recycle it. Wood. I'm sure Paul. I would hope so. I'm sure. I Didn't know you were such an environmentalist. I think that we should care about the earth. Did I say that word right? Like we, we are one with the earth. You do know that, right? Like we give the earth gives back to us like we all went with the earth. So when you wonder why the Earth's rebelling and all y'all got all these respiratory issues and things like that's because it silliness like this. All the litter. All right guys. Whoa. Oh, all right. Well that was just with the mess. Now when we come back, we got front page news and also we gonna open up the phone lines as well. 805. 8 5 1 0 5 1. I know yesterday if you were looking online, you see a lot of people that were pissed off, right? You know if you voted for somebody that somebody else didn't vote for.


People were saying if you voted for Trump, I'm not talking to you anymore. I'm blocking you. I'm unfollowing You don't call me anymore. You're a piece of ish. So let's discuss that. 805 8 5 1 0 5 1. Do you feel that way? Oh Lord. If a family member, a friend, a partner doesn't, didn't vote the same way that you voted for, are you not effing with them anymore? Are you not speaking to them anymore? Grow Up. Let's discuss. Grow up everybody. It's The. Breakfast, Club. Morning The. Breakfast Club your mornings zone. Never be the same. Morning everybody. It's DJ Envy Jess. Hilarious Charlamagne ne guy. We are The, Breakfast Club. Lauren LaRosa. Filling in for Jess. Let's get back in some front page news. Now, quickly, in sports tonight are Morgans Ravens are taking on the Bengals at eight 15.


So we'll see what happens tonight. What's up Morgan? What's Up? Morgan was a commander fan. She both, No, I was born a Commander's fan. And. I. She said she had 14. I'm now a Ravens fan. Don't get it twisted. Okay, okay. Okay. Because you mad over there. 'cause you You know your so-called America's team is trash. Anyways, back to New York with it. Hey y'all. Hey, come on. New York. Governor Kathy Hoel and Attorney General Leticia James Bowing to protect the rights of New Yorkers. Now that Donald Trump is headed back to the White House, while congratulating Trump, Hoel said that she'll work with him on efforts that benefit New York like funding of major infrastructure like the NTA. Those include L-G-B-T-Q, gun Safety and Women's Rights of which she's vowing to protect under a strengthened partnership with the ag.


Now, Hoel also applauded the passage of Proposition one, which secures abortion rights in the state constitution. Let's hear more from New York. Governor Kathy Hoel. This is the birthplace of the Women's Rights Movement, the Environmental Justice Movement, the L-G-B-T-Q Rights Movement, and the American Labor Movement. If you try to harm New Yorkers or roll back their rights, I will fight you every step of the way. This amendment firmly establishes that reproductive freedom. It is an important value worth fighting for and worth protecting. Meanwhile, attorney General Leticia James, she's reminding us that her office took nearly 100 legal actions against Trump before, including over, before including Overtax caps and the Affordable Care Act.


And they're ready for round two. Let's hear from AG Leticia James. Because as the Attorney General of this great state is my job to protect and defend the rights of New Yorkers and the rule of law. And I will not shrink from that responsibility. So as you can see, we know their playbook. We know Project 2025 before it was even published. I respect Letitia James. She You know. She she, she's just a solid person. But those charges won't stand. She says she's ready for round two. But that fight will be stopped. It it, it just is what it is. The man powerful. Now the man is literally the most powerful man in, in, in America. Probably The World at this point. Yeah, he's got the Senate, he's got this, the Supreme Court.


It's not gonna happen. He's president now. Sorry, Letitia. And that and that's not her charges. All the charges, every charge. I taught that yesterday. He was talking about Jack Smith already talking about dropping the charges. 'cause Trump said he firing Jack Smith. So, so And I know that. I know it's a difference between federal and state, but none of those stuff is gonna stand. But what about, what about him being sentenced on the 25th? I think it is. He not even going, he not even gonna show up. And ain't nobody gonna say nothing about it. Ain't nobody gonna say it's, it'll be a couple of mentions on the news and ain't nobody going flinch on it. That's just the reality situation Tom serve. He not gonna get nothing. Oh man. To Charlemagne's point, the DOJ is moving to wind down his Trump's criminal charges before he takes office.


So yeah, he, he, he, right. Charlotte, CTG, you, you, you right about that one. Just the truth. Moving on. New York officials are trying to diffuse possible political dissension following Trump's victory. New York City mayor Eric Adams said his administration is prepared to cooperate with the incoming president's administration on several issues, especially the city's budget. Ironically, he's promising women's healthcare and abortions remain protected in New York City. And he's vowing to protect New York's immigrant communities, especially those who have a desire to work. He said the NYPD is also prepared to prepare for, excuse me, political demonstrations. As long as they remain peaceful adding, they will not tolerate criminal activity.


Let's hear more from Mayor Adams. The votes have been counted and America has elected a new president, president, incoming President Donald Trump. As Americans, we respect the will of the power of the people and committed to the peaceful transfer of power. And we will work with the new administration in Congress to develop a realistic and compassionate national strategy strategy for our immigration system. There will be zero tolerance for actions that crossed the line and to crimes such as violence, vandalism, blocking traffic or disorderly behavior. Yeah. He's also saying that New York remains a sanctuary city and he in intends to continue to protect immigrant communities.


So You know the whole mass deportation thing. If you're in New York, You know, hold your, hold your elected officials accountable for it. You know, Day one, mass deportation, everybody having all of these conversations, everybody talking real tough. Ain't none of that going to go down. You know, after Donald Trump is sworn in in January, it's going to be mass deportations and You know nine times outta 10 Trump and his Ry. He's gonna be like, well, if y'all don't like it, y'all get on the plane with him. Yeah, Don don't think he gonna be able To get on the boat with him. However, they gonna send him back. He start The next day, the day he starts, he's He's going. He said day one, his press secretary said yesterday, day one was talking about it on CNN Day one. Cut it out, y'all.


Which day? Day one. That's right. Got the Presidents. Alright, to wrap things up, the race four control of the House of Representatives is still undecided. Republicans are expressing confidence. They'll take control once all the votes are counted. The GOP needs a dozen more seats to keep control. The Democrats need about 30 to flip it. But political analysts say that seems unlikely. If the GOP keeps control, it would give Republicans control of both houses of Congress. That's the Senate and the House of Representatives and the White House following Donald Trump's victory. So y'all, they in there. They in there and they got it. All right. God bless us. Y proud. Alright, you said, God bless us. That's your front page news of working with Follow me on social at Morgan Media and for more news coverage, follow at Black Information Network.


Download the free iHeartRadio App and visit us@bnnews.com. Go Ravens. All right, thank you, Morgan. Now when we come back, 805 8 5 1 0 5 1. If you online, you've been seeing a lot of people posting, Hey, if you voted for this person, don't follow me anymore. I'm unfollowing you. You're not my friend anymore. We can't speak, we can't even communicate anymore. So we're asking, do you feel that way? 805 8 5 1 0 5 1. Let's discuss when we come back. All right, if somebody didn't vote the way that you voted, are you still cool with them? Can you be friends with somebody that voted for somebody on the other side? Let's discuss this. The The. Breakfast Club. Good morning, The. Breakfast Club. Daddy call my phone, man.


It's topic time. Call 805 8 5 1 0 5 1 to join into the discussion with The Breakfast Club. Morning everybody. It's t EJ Envy Jess, hilarious Charlamagne guy. We are The Breakfast Club. Lauren LaRosa filling in for Jess. If you're just joining us, we're opening up the phone lines (800) 585-1051. Now, yesterday after election, you're seen a lot of people upset. A lot of people are mad. All right? People have been posting that they're gonna unfollow people at voted for the other party. They're not gonna speak to them anymore. They don't want nothing to do with people that voted for Trump. That's most of it. And people are pissed off about it. So we're asking 805 8 5 1 0 5 1.


What are your thoughts? Let's start with you, Lauren. What do you think? I'm gonna be Upset. I'm gonna point fingers when things go wrong because y'all voted for who y'all voted for. But to unfollow and do all that, I just feel like I got better things that I could be doing. Like I just, I saw one of like some of my friends yesterday that was posting Trump stuff and it's been happening all elections. Just like, okay, y'all over there heard y'all, but I'm not gonna like not talk to you. Yeah. I think it's crazy to not speak to somebody or to cut 'em off or unfollow. That means that person wasn't your friend and not somebody that you speak to. I mean, you could, you could align differently, but it's also the reason why they voted for Trump. Yes. Yep. That, yep. That's, that's it of the feeling. So I mean, I'm, I'm sure I got people, but You know what, what too, and this, this is a crazy thing. I don't really like to talk politics with, with my friends.


I, I, I really don't. I talk with my family. I feel like we can get around it. I can, I just, I just don't You know. But because it's like, what are your alignments? Like if you're voting for Trump and you're knowing he's a this and You know he's a that, then that's the major problem. But You know, I I can't do that. I mean, I think it's kind of childish. Personally. Charlamagne, what do you think? Yeah, I I I'm not falling out with my friends for who they choose to vote for. I have friends who are Republicans, democrats, independents, You know they voted their interests and people are not one issue voters. I wouldn't want people falling out with me because of who I choose to vote for. Like, just because you voted for Trump doesn't mean you are a racist or big or are hate women. And, and, and the people I know who voted for Trump, most of them voted for Trump because of the issues like the economy and immigration.


And guess what? I voted for the bp. But guess what some people would say to me, you voted for the bp so you voted for genocide. So it's like You know every nobody is a one issue voter. We all have different reasons why we chose to vote for, for different people. And I think everybody just needs to grow up because at the end of the day, whoever you voted for, whether it was Donald Trump who won, or Kamala Harris who won that person is the president of the United States of America. And whether we like it or not, they represent us all. Yeah, That's right. And And You know one more thing. You know what's so crazy. What's that? Politicians don't fall out with each other. No. So at, at the end of the day, Democrats and Republicans still gotta go to DC Yes. And work with each other. Yes. So why are We The People who represent them and put them in office?


Why are we fighting amongst each other? Just because we have different politic out there all the time. They don't even know These people. When Nancy Max was here, I was mentioning that, like they do all that and then they get along eventually behind the scenes. That Too, they gotta work for the people. Hello? Who's this? Hello. How you doing? My name is Christian. Hey Christian. Good morning. What's your thoughts, Christian? Hey, what's up Mv? What's up Charlamagne? Peace King. So A lot of people have unfollowed me. lra, how you doing? I'm doing good. A Lot of people have unfollowed me. Yes, for what I simply said yesterday that I didn't think it was right. What Kamala did. Like she ran off and You know, I know things happened, didn't go their way. But just starting with that, like I looked at her like really?


Like you could have talked to the people that was there. Oh, you mean that something? Well, well hold, lemme ask a Question mean at, at Howard University. She didn't speak the night of, But are you a Trump? Are you you? Yes sir. You're a Trump supporter. I pushed the whole Trump agenda for people to vote for Trump. It's because every time I listen to Kamala, I I don. I don't care why you voted Trump, but I don't care. I just, what I was gonna talk about is the fact that Trump has never given a concession speech. So don't be a hypocrite. Like when, when, when, when 2020, when Trump lost, he never gave a concession speech. He he never, he actually, he actually never Lost and asked the same questions. All I needed to know, what was her agenda? What was she gonna do? And it was, she was deferring from the questions all the time.


That's not true. And nobody, and by the way, Donald Trump does what he calls the weave. Weave the weave. He said that you ask him a question. By the way, don don't, don don't care. Like what? We talking about this now I don't care, but I I won't say that a lot of people were upset that she didn't speak the night of Howard. People were pissed off about that. They, Trump Has never given a concession speech ever. You Know She don't got the same standards. I don put, put the same standards on Her, but say all the numbers weren't accurately in as of yet. So I understand why she didn't speak that night. They weren't accurately in it until about two. They wasn't accurately. They Said they was still Counting. They said they was still counting. They said they was too counting. You Knew you. I made a video when we got back to the hotel. I knew. I'm like, it ain't looking Good. And another thing, Charlamagne, I don't think me and you ever need to go to another presidential election.


That's not true. That You know how many media outlets was there with Hillary when Hillary lost? Here's the problem. You know why You know why Kala. We You know why Kamala didn't give a concession speech. Why? 'cause she didn't have one. Won't y'all use y'all heads? She had it at Howard University. She thought she was going to win. She didn't have a concession speech Ready. Why Wouldn't you make both though? As Kennedy? Why would you? What you mean? Hell no, I'm not making it. I'm not preparing to lose. When you do your vision board, do you put I want man and a divorce. I want a man and I'm gonna be single Forever. And I want a man and a side? No. Exactly. No. All right then. So, so for her, she had her speech ready to win and that was it. She didn't have a concession speech.


805 85 1 0 5. What's on your vision board? Do you have like nevermind. Oh, I Don. I have a vision board for like love. I have a list for love. Like weeks. No, I have like Oprah and like nice the houses I want. Okay. Alright. And y'all are thinking too superficial. Okay. 805 8 5 1 0 5 1. Why Would I have a wig on my vision? Blank Elections. That's what we're talking about. Yo, do you don't, do you unfollow not speak to somebody that voted for Trump. Let's discuss. It's The. Breakfast Club. Good morning. If y'all talking about it You know we talking about it. It's topic time.


Call 805 8 5 1 0 5 1 to join into the discussion with The Breakfast Club. Morning everybody. It's DJ Envy. Jess, hilarious. Charlamagne the guy. We are The Breakfast Club. We're opening up the phone lines (800) 585-1051. Now, yesterday on Twitter, on x, on social media, we seen people upset of course, but they were also upset about if you voted for Trump. I'm never speaking to you again. If you voted for Trump, I'm unfollowing you. If I'm, if you voted Trump, we can't be friends, we can't do anything together because you are, whatever I voted for doesn't align with what you voted for. We seen that a lot online. So we're open up the phone lines and asking what you think Lauren says, Nah, like, I'm not doing all that unless you are harmful.


To me, that's different. Like if you over there and you harmful and you lied about it, well that Shouldn't be your friend if, if that's not your friend, if you figure somebody's harmful, right? Sometimes You don't know until politics come in and y'all gotta have certain conversations and You know what I mean? But like then I might got an arms length you a little bit. But other than that, I'm, I'm, I'm That I, I think it's ridiculous. I completely disagree. People aren't one issue. Voters, I told you all yesterday, You know I got friends that are Republicans, Democrats, independents people vote their interest. They're not one issue. Voters. And just because you voted for Trump You know it doesn't mean you're racist. Doesn't mean you're a bigot, doesn't mean that you hate women. You know people vote for issues like the economy. They vote for things like You know immigration. And like I I said earlier, I voted for the vp.


People will say to me, oh, well, you support genocide then. I, I don't, I don don't think that I I don. No, I don't support that genocide. Don't, don't do that to me. Right. So it is like, I just think it's ridiculous to disagree with people just because they choose Just 'cause of who they choose to vote for. Yeah. Vote for. 'cause at the end of the day, we're all Americans. I agree. And whoever won, which was Donald Trump, that person is not a president of the United States of America. So we have to figure out how collectively together, We, The, People, move this thing forward. Yeah. I agree with you. I'm not gonna fight you or hate you because of who you voted for. You voted for somebody I didn't voted for, or I voted for somebody you didn't voted for. Does that mean I gotta hate you now? I can't speak to you, my kid.


Hey fam, this is Carlos Miller from the 85 South Show. If you're like me, you're always thinking about how to level up your career. Maybe you're fresh outta college, just starting in your field, or even looking to switch things up and find your true calling. Whatever stage you're in, remember that this is your time to grow, to learn, and to build something that lasts. State Farm understands that early career development is key to long-term success. They've been a steady presence in our community, and they know having the right support early can make all the difference. State Farm is there to help you make smart moves and to help you get the coverage you need. We all know that the journey to success is a marathon, not a sprint. It's all about staying focused, staying grounded, and making sure you're protected every step of the way. Let's build our careers with confidence, knowing that State Farm is there to support us just like they've always been. Because Like a good neighbor. State Farm is there. Find out more@statefarm.com.


The World is constantly changing. It's up to you to decide how to respond. Choose to be bold to try something new. Choose to reinvent yourself. That's what Nissan did with the all new totally reimagined kicks. The dynamic new exterior styling immediately announces that Nissan isn't messing around the interior. A completely redesigned cabin with premium features like wireless Apple call play and a panoramic moonroof make driving a kicks immersive and exciting. And with new performance and safety features like intelligent all-Wheel Drive, the Kicks is both fun and safer to drive than ever before. It is the dawning of a brand new era for the Nissan Kicks. Only one question remains. Is it a new era for you as well? Drive the all new Reimagined Nissan kicks today. Available Features compatible device service and consumer activation of Nissan Connect Services. Package required Use only when safe and legal subject to third party service availability for more information, see Nissan usa.com/connect/legal Apple CarPlay is a trademark of Apple Link Intelligent all-Wheel Drive cannot prevent collisions or provide enhanced traction in all conditions. Always monitor traffic and weather conditions.


Coming soon to Prime video You Can Call me Detective Alex Cross Based on characters created by James Patterson. Detective Cross, you've been doing this a long time and you're the best And created by Ben Watkins. Multiple victims I've connected to. This Comes a thrilling new series. He's a serial killer. I don't kill for afoot. Ms. Kler thinks he's the smartest guy in the room. I want stick out there. He actually believes he's an artist. You're gonna be part of a masterpiece. This is the product of an unbelievable obsession. Aldis Hodge is DC's funnest. Alex Cross. If we don't find him soon, we may never have another chance again. 30 years knowing Cross. I learned to trust his gut against inside's hand. The clock ticking. He was hitting my house. He messed with my kids. He's gotta be getting close. Do, you think you can stop him? I know I can 'cause I know him better than he knows himself. Cross a new original series only on Prime Video November 14th.


What does it feel like to get the new iPhone 16 Pro with at and t? Next up, anytime. It's like when you first pick up those tongs and you're now the one running the grill, it's indescribable like something you've never felt before. All the moth watering anticipation of new possibilities, whether that's making the perfect cheeseburger or treating your family to a grilled baked potato, which You know will forever change the way they look at potatoes with at t. Next up, anytime you can feel this way again and again, learn how to get the new iPhone 16 pro with Apple intelligence on at t and the latest iPhone every year with at and t. Next up, anytime at and t connecting changes everything. Apple Intelligence coming Fall 2024 with Siri and device language set to us English. Some features and languages will be coming over the next year. $0 offer may not be available on future iPhones. Next up, anytime Feature may be discontinued at any time, subject To change additional fees, terms and restrictions, apply c att.com/iphone for details.


Welcome to The World of Bose ultra open earbuds, the perfect gift for the music lover in your life. They're designed to give you complete openness to your surroundings while providing rich private sound. Wanna hear what that sounds like? Picture this. A walk on a sunny winter day. You can hear the satisfying crunch of snow beneath your feet and your favorite holiday song playing. That's the magic we're talking about. Hear life and music at the same time. Hey, come on in Bose ultra open earbuds, own the gift game and check out bose.com/iheart to shop now.


Kids can't play with your kids. No, that doesn't mean that at all. I I look at it differently than most people. But let's go to the phone lines. Hello. Who's this? Jim Brown. Hey, Jim. What, what's your thoughts? What, what we've been discussing on Morning, Man, I'm just, you brought up the fact about how they so many of us stayed at home that didn't vote. I believe that they look at 45. I call Trump 45. They, I believe they look at Trump like he's a superhero that they aspire to be. I mean, what man allows another man to talk about his wife without saying anything. What man talks about another man's penis without a pause and then at work? Me, Me. So you should be president then.


Me. Well, I gotta pause for he said, how a man talk about another man's penis without a pause. I'm saying po It's fine to talk about another man's penis, but you have to pause. You Gotta say pause. You don't always pause wrong with people, man. But That, but that's what I'm saying. And then he, he goes on, He said, but that's what I'm saying. The sexual act on the microphone, the gestures. What man does that? But our people, they hate, they fight to be like that. Most of us got felonies. Most of they look at Donald Trump. He can do anything. Get away with anything. Why? Well, I think, I mean, listen, I understand what you're saying, but I, I think that people just, people just, they, they look at him and they think he just playing. They think he just, and he probably, he is just playing, I guess.


Right? But people don't care. Like I saw something, I saw something in the times that was like 7% of people who vote care about the values of the candidate. Right? 7% Don't care about the morals. Right. They don't, they care. They care about policies or what? That's it. Putting money in their pockets. Hello? Who's this? Hey, my name is Eva. I'm from Brooklyn. Eva from Brooklyn. What's your thoughts, Eva? So basically, I, I don't, I would never stop being friends with my friends because of their political views. However, I get it. I understand why people feel that way. Because to me it's like a loving your master syndrome. What, like, if a person is, is showing you who they are, they showing you they don't like you, they don't like black people, they don't like Hispanics yet, you still go vote for them because you're focused on economics.


You know. You don't care about the fact that they're gonna take the same rights that you have growing up. Your kids won't have that. You don't care about women's rights. I feel like they're not looking at the bigger issues. They're just focused on I'm broke. Yeah. I'll tell you this though. You're not you, you, you, you're not wrong. But then people will come at you. 'cause I'm sure you, you voted for the vp. I voted for the vp. vp. People were coming to me saying, if you vote for Kamala Harris, you support genocide. You know, back in 2020 when you voted for Biden. Now when you voted for Hillary Clinton, you support mass incarceration. You know this. The same guy that did the 94 crime bill, which You know put a lot of black, black and brown people in prison. So You know what I'm saying? Like it can work both ways. All time. Some people look at it only one way.


It depends on who you voting for, is the way that you look at it. Like Charlamagne said, you can look at it on either side. And, I, don't think I And I know don don't support none of those things. I'm just voting my interest Right. At all. Yeah. But I feel like a lot of people who say that don't even do their research on, on, on the VP at all. Like they, they literally go off of what other people are saying. It's like the blind lead in the blind. They, they go off of what other people saying and they, and they automatically say it's facts. They don't do research on what she has done You know what I mean? All right. So I understand why a person would be like, we can't be friends, but I wouldn't necessarily do It. Yeah. I can't. I'm not gonna do that. Politics is sticky, man. Thank you Eva. I'm not doing that. Because, because I know those politicians aren't doing that. Those politicians, after the election is over.


Like, what, what happened? Kamala Harris called Donald Trump, right? Congratulated him. Correct. Conceded the election. P President Biden, he didn't Stay up with his transition and all That. Yes. Yeah. President Biden called Donald Trump congratulated him. Yep. Told him we're here to offer help. They gonna be in dc all of them. The, the, the congress people, the senators, they all gonna be building and kicking it, having coffee, sniffing cocaine together like sniffing Cocaine You. know what I'm saying? That's my point. So by the way, some of them sleeping together. Yes. But then get in, get in, get on the Senate floor and go toe to toe. So it's like, yo, cut it out. Why are we the housewives? Why are we the American people doing that with each other? But they're not even doing that with themselves. A great show. The Housewives of the Senate or the Housewives, or the Hill Congress, housewives, wives hill.


Wait, what's that first conversation like when Kamala and Trump get in there and they gotta like start the transition conversations? Like, do you gotta hash it out about all the, because he be he been Dragging her. No idea. Yeah. I don't think Trump. Well, they drag each other. Yeah, they drag each other. Her drags is not like they drag Each other. They they drag each other. Hers ain't as as hurtful in my opinion. Victoria. Hey, Good morning. Good morning. What's your thoughts, Victoria? Good Morning. First off, I'm so happy I got through. Listen to you guys every morning. Thank you very much. That 4:00 AM wake up call. Thank you. Regarding the thoughts on cutting family members off. I actually had a situation with my nephew this morning. I had posted 20, 25 Trump's project.


And it's everything word for word what he said. First off, I voted for Kamala. I love her. I'm so sad. I feel what Lauren says. I felt this election hard more than ever. It really hit me. And for my nephew to tell me that You know spreading false lies. I'm like, it's not false lies. He said it himself. And so I thought about it for a minute. I was like, Hmm, should I cut him off? 22-year-old don't know nothing. Should I really nephew my nephew out, man? Like, Can I, I ain't cutting my niece off. How close is y'all? Is your brother kid or your sister kid? My, I'm confused. He's 22. I'm 31 years old. So I thought about it for a minute. I was like, Hmm.


But I'm like, nah, that's very immature. People are always gonna have differences. But I'm just like, I'm not spreading false information. But how you come, that's what came outta the Rat mouth. Girl Thanksgiving in two weeks. You gonna cut him off and then see him at your, at your mom house At Thanksgiving? We don't even know. We don't even know. Like I said, he's 22 years old. That's crazy. 22 years old. Don't even show up to Thanksgivings anymore. Slu everybody who got their memes and Facebook posts ready for Thanksgiving dinner so they can recite those facts so they can drop those facts on people at that dinner table when they get to arguing. And then it's not gonna be a fact. It's gonna be The space game. Gonna be crazy this Year. But what's the moral of the story, Guys? The moral of the story is everybody grow up at the end of the day. But Donald J. Trump is the president of the United States of America.


And, I would say the same thing. If the person who I voted for, vice president Kamala Harris was the president of the United States of America. We, The, People have to keep going. We have to keep it moving Onward You. know what I mean? Like we, we, we we're in a position where all of us have to deal with each other regardless. We don't have the luxury of saying f each other in America. But I will say this, if I voted for Donald Trump, my parents wouldn't come over for Christmas and Thanksgiving. I'm just telling you that right now. My mama take my mom and papa take it seriously. I feel like there's an age. My mom, And I feel like there's An age too. My mom and dad ain't pulling up. Oh. Like, 'cause my grandma. Yeah. Oh. I think when you get to a certain age, they stand on things a little bit different. Yeah. It's a little different than, okay. So How do the Arab Americans in the Muslims look at us in this country? Then all of the people who are are pro-Palestine, they think they look at us. Who, they look at us who voted for the vice, for the vice president and say, Hey, y'all voted for an administration that is helping to fund what they call a genocide.


They Think we're a joke. They think that we don't under That's my point. So we it's nothing we can do about that. He just saying, My mom and daddy wouldn't put up now. Yeah, My mom, my mom and daddy put a line in the sand left. Yo. It is what it is. Why Eli? One of our producers gonna text me in the middle of this topic, right? And say, Lauren, I'm gonna get you this topic. Click. I said this one. Why? Because normally I asked for him. I said, why? Because Envy mentioned my wig. And then our other producer, Nick gonna say, yeah, because wig content does well. Wig content. Not Farrah becoming a star. That's crazy. What's her name? Farrah. Like Farrah Faucet. Because of the way they be. Girl You know Farrah. Don't play with Farrah. Oh, a white woman. Farrah. Here you go. You Couldn't find a, a black woman to name your way after the Diana Ross. Let's talk about it. Diana Ross.


What? Said, said herself. You said what? You said my G Oh my God. Wow. Wow. Why? What? Wow. What? Wow, what Happened? All right, we got just with the mess coming up. What we talking about? This only time I thought you talking about fired from Destiny Child. But now it just, wow. You said Far Faucet. That's crazy. You didn't think that when I said that with these curs. You thought I did no shade. But I don't think anyone just instantly thinks that Wow. Disrespect another black woman. You fired crazy In the second hour. Just with the mess. 'cause y'all are y'all messy? Honestly, not me. But we gonna talk about Hallie Bailey and DDG. They, she came out yesterday and was upset at him going At another black woman. Huh? I'm not going at her. We just gonna talk about what happened. We, we gonna get to it. It's The. Breakfast Club. Good morning. You can't wait to Ooh.


Morning everybody. It's DJ Envy. Just hilarious. Charlamagne the guy. We are The Breakfast. Club. Let's get to just with the mess with L OSA News is real hilarious. Just Robin Moore. Just don't do no lying. Don't do no lying. She don't spell nobody, Bro. Jess worldwide mess on The. Breakfast Club the coach shoes. Lauren. Lauren LaRosa. I'm back. And. I got the mess. Talk, Talk to me. So remember Kodak was on that live stream with, and it made people freak out like, yo, he needs some help because he had popped something. What you Mean remember that was just yesterday. It's been a lot that happened.


Jesus. Correct. Feels like a whole year we'd been in DC That was earlier this week, Right? Yes. That was earlier this week. So Kodak Black actually responded to people's claims and he actually did com in my opinion. He confirmed that the pill he popped was a perk. Let's take a listen. Y'all be on all type of shit. Y'all be on Strong's acid, all type of stupid. But I take me one perk. Y'all be so buttered y don't wanna like a, anyway, everybody else would be coming like one that time then got no motion. They broke. They hurt. They, they so on. Or they trying to come in into life some kind of way. Like look, any type of relationship. Oh yeah, I can come in that way. Oh, I think you need help. If, if a mother needed help, y'all wouldn't think, y'all don't think got knew.


And. I need help. Aint nobody understand. Perfect. Everybody got, everybody got a bike. Some kind of, we everybody got some kind of ice. Even if it ain't drug only, you got some kind of bike. I rock with yak. But I, I think what people are concerned about is because of they seen him in that state multiple times. It's not the fact you did that one perk. Yep. On Kai and not streams. That they see you a lot in that state. And I also think the comfortability of him to do it on a live stream is like, Okay. I mean cut it out. That was a lot. One of his hardest lines. Even though it's You know it is hard. It is a hard line. Yeah. I know the Burk was fake, but I still ate Summer. Come on. You sing that in the song. You love that. Yeah, I play on the radio all day.


But as soon as he do it on the screen, nah, he went too Far. Call me a what is a hypocrite. But I didn't wanna see him pop that on that stream. I didn't. But basically 'cause some of it too, there's more video. He's, he's talking about You know everybody has their issues. Everybody has their thing. And he says he feels like a lot of people are using this as a way to just get close to him. Like, y'all trying to get close to me. Tell me what help I need just because I'm lit. And, I got motion. People don't be having no motion. Y'all just use this as a way yin. Well I just hope he's he, even though he did take that Percocet, I, I hope he's taking it because he has a pain. 'cause it's a pain killer. And. I wanna take this white pump and just go over there? And. I. That why it's a pain killer. Envy. What? I ain't never heard you be this beige right now.


Yes You have. I be, no, I'll be feeling bad. I'd be feeling bad for people. And, I Would And I be praying sometimes that they take things for the right reasons. That's just my, that's the good side of me. You reached A new level of white toast today. I want you to know that. Okay. White toast. Yes. Lemme tell Something. No butter. 'cause what just happened, You know. That's not why he taking that Pill. He, I'm praying. I hope people are taking there is Right there to the right there on this planet who does more stupid things and have no idea they're doing stupid things than Kodak, than DJ Envy. Oh, that man, I'm tell you so about envy. I mean this sincerely that man heart is so pure. Yeah. So leave him alone. But he has, he don't even know. He's, he don't even know what he said was stupid. Just, I don't, I Hey, go ahead. Continue on. Alright. Well, You know I just prayed for people.


That's all He heard Kodak say butt hurt. And he was like, well, that's what I take when my butt hurt. I take perks. That's What he said. That's what that no, that's what, that's what he be trying to defend. No, Not you wrong. I taking Perks butt. My alarm went off and it was time for his midnight medicine or something. Like, I'm confused. Not the Monday, Tuesday when my butt, I take perks all the time. That's what be trying to say. My butt Don't hurt. Oh, he said Og. og. There you go. That's what I'm talking about. Drop one a close bomb for being a og. Don't you drop, don't even hurt no more. Don't you drop a ball. You caught it late. Yeah. I was like, why is I thought he was saluting you because like you Caught it late. Don't worry about it. That, sorry. Just as pure as me there.


All right. So in other news, Halle Bailey and DDG, there's like, I would say there's confrontation between them, but it's really not even between them. It's really between Halle and the internet. So DDG went on a live stream with Kai, Kai, And I stir up all the topics in the news this month with his monthly screen cry. Yes. He's been streaming straight for a month. And he had DDG and LNLE Choppa later join him. But when DDG first came on, DDG came on with his son Halo. Let's take a listen. Ha. Hi. How you doing I don? I don't wanna make him, I don't wanna make him cry, bro. Nah, he, he cool. He look just like you, bro. You look like me, right? Yes. And, I keep telling people, I'm not gonna lie.


He look just like Darl, bro. It is Halo himself. Live in the flesh. Not Halo. You don't know this, but I'm your uncle. You feel what I'm saying? You know when you were born and stuff like that. I got to see You know your dad. Reveal, reveal, reveal you and stuff. So it's a pleasure to meet you Alo. How it feel being a dad though? I ain't gonna lie. It still feel kind of fake, bro. You got a son, bro? Yeah, you gotta have one. What you think, what? You think I should you, when do you think I should have a son? How old are you? 22 I'd say about like next year. Ooh man. I'm starting late anyway. So once this happened then tweets from what? You already over there?


Yep. Keep, keep staying that piece. Like my power To late. Stay in that peaceful stay baby. My Santo cooling. Alright, let's, let's bring it on back. Vibing. He might have popped something. He might have popped something this morning. G. Tell me on. Okay. His daily medicine might have been a little bit more than what we thought. All right. So anyway, when all that started, why he do It like that? Because you let Lauren do her news, please. Okay. So look, first it's the OG power bottom salute. Like you were bigging him up for being able to take something that you was given and now you over there like this envy you. No. 'cause you was with him earlier by my week. He Look a little kinky today. But go ahead Man. What is wrong with y'all? You look kinky. I'm the one that's doing something this morning. Can we go Back to talk about the baby in the kids? I told you that you stopped baby.


And the kids baby and the kids. Okay. So Halle, I mean, I'm sorry. DDG was on the stream with Kai. And. I. And Halle got upset because he was, the baby was there. So she tweeted and basically said that she did not authorize this to happen. She said, Hey everyone, just so You know I'm out of town. I don, proof of my baby being on a stream tonight. I wasn't told or notified. I'm extremely upset to have my baby in front of millions of people. I'm his mother and protector and saddened that I wasn't notified, especially when I'm outta town. She then said, as a woman experiencing severe postpartum, there are boundaries that I wish to be respected. Nobody knows what someone is going through until they snap. And then she deleted her Twitter because the people begin to drag her. Why?


Because people feel like number one, you, you guys put the, the baby halo was on the internet all the time. You showed me A TikTok this Morning, right? Yeah. She posts him on TikTok, DDG streams with him all the time. He's, it's, it's not like this baby is not on the internet. He literally has so many memes because he makes these funny facial expressions. We talked to Chloe about that when, when she was here, number two, the I'm his protector. People took that as that's his father. We've seen him be nothing but a great father. Why? Like, what was he doing that didn't make him a protector as well too? Maybe they discussed that. I mean, I I don, I don't know. I'm just saying maybe as a couple, and there are a couple that You know they're young, they like to be online. Maybe they have conversations about when they're gonna put him on I.


don know I, don I don Dunno. That's What I said that earlier. But then when she showed me her, they do it all the time. TikTok and her social media. I mean, she has posts where its 12 million people that have Watching. Well, no, I'm saying maybe, maybe. She says, Hey, I'm about to put him on TikTok today. He says, Hey, I'm gonna have him on the scream today. I don't know, maybe he didn't tell her that he was gonna do it and that's probably why she got upset. I don't know. Yeah. I mean, And that is a huge scream, right? That's Kai not, yeah. So, but so she probably getting text messages and calls like, oh, I see your baby on Scream. And she was like, yo, why you ain't telling me you was going Kai. DDDD G's streams and online content goes crazy as well. So it's not like this like Kai though. He, I mean Kai is Kai. That's what I'm saying. No, but DDG is, he's, he's big in the You. know what I mean? He does his thing as well too. There's still Millions and millions of people You saying? Yeah. Still millions. And my whole thing is first of all, all the postpartum, severe postpartum, I don't know what that is.


Like I've never experienced that. I'm not there yet in life. So don don't know And, I don't wanna speak Ill of how she feels, because I think her saying that maybe there's something that comes into play when it comes from the postpartum with how she's feeling. Don't wanna discredit that. But at the same time when I saw it, I'm like, that's unfair to him. That's his kid too. Right? Well, we don't know all the details. We never do. Well, let's, let's, Let's discuss. A lot of people have been talking. I mean, you said it's been trending on Twitter yesterday and social media. So we'll open up the phone lines. We'll go to Breakfast Club Court this morning. 805 8 5 1 0 5 1. DDG is the father. Does he need approval to show his son on stream? Especially when he streamed with his son before, especially when we've seen millions and millions of views on TikTok.


I think I seen one with 12 million. Does This happen on co This is a funny question, right? Because we're seeing does he need approval? Who we asking that to? Is Holly. Is Holly Holly calling up here because she's the only person that can give approval? Nah, it's Just the time. I think it just, you wanna know do people, I mean, I get what? Okay, to your point. I get what you're saying. I'm saying right, but it's all the listening is calling up. Yes, she need approval. No, no. Well, she need approval. Well, should A father get approval? When? When it, when these, from the mother. From the mother when these types of things happen. So 805 E 5 1 0 5 1. We'll go to Breakfast Club Court now. Donkey Today. Who you giving your donkey to Before, after the hour? Man, let's talk about people selling their babies on Facebook. What we'll discuss Facebook Marketplace. That's right. That's as bad as Craiglist. We gonna talk about it.


There Are agencies for adoption. Why would you do That? We gonna Talk about it. Same place you got your wig from. We'll talk about it next. The. Breakfast Club. You Mad? My Breakfast Club? Your morning mornings will never be the same. Your Execution on the donkey of the day is something to go. We to read. They gave me Donkey of the Day. And I deserve the You need to know. Well, you need to tell them I am because you have the Voice. Tell them. Tell Tell Daddy It's time for Donkey of the Day. It's a Read, but you're so good At it. You trying to be a fake ass Charlamagne there only one Charlamagne Damn Charlamagne. Who you giving Dusty today to now? Yes. Donkey. Today for Thursday, November 7th goes to a 21-year-old woman named Juniper Bryson.


And she's been charged with the sale or purchase of a child. And she's currently being held on a $30,000 bond because she tried to sell her child on Facebook. Let's go to ABC 13, eyewitness News for the report, please. She led us on to believe that we were chosen. Wendy Williams and her husband were one of many families, according to court records, hopeful to be the parents of this beautiful baby boy. Born on September 24th. The only difference between Williams and the other families is she was in the delivery room with 21-year-old Juniper. Bryson Williams didn't know Bryson, neither did the other prospective parents. They just responded to Facebook posts asking for someone to adopt Bryson's baby. Bryson chose Williams, she believes because she was local and Bryson went into labor early.


She stayed at the hospital for three days with Bryson and the newborn who tested positive for drugs according to court records. No. But then William says she started getting messages on Facebook from people saying Bryson was trying to sell the baby. After finding out what she did, Williams contacted CPS and police were called investigators, obtained conversations with at least seven people on social media where they say Bryson was asking for money in exchange for the baby, including this one where she says, I'd ask for a minimum of 150 bucks upfront. That's It. 150. I gotta get a discount after the baby test positive for drugs. Okay, little methyl, little crack, baby. I'm not paying 150. Yeah, a hundred dollars.


That's it. Nothing more, nothing less. Now look, she's 21 years old. And, I have a theory that after the year 2000, they really just started making any old kind of human. Okay? I think God sold the company, the company that makes humans. God sold it. Let 'em keep the name, the designs, but the ingredients don't hit the same. Now, don't get me wrong, I'm not gonna sit here and act like the humans I grew up with was much better. Okay? I grew up in an era where some humans with had babies and then throw the babies in a dumpster, okay? Tupac wrote a whole song about it. Brenda's got a baby and that was based on a true story. So I'm not going to sit here and act holier now, but this is exactly why women should be able to have abortions if they want one. Okay? Texas has some of the strictest abortion laws in the country. Abortion is completely banned except for limited circumstances. So this 21-year-old girl has to carry the term.


She reaches out to a family connection asking if they know any families looking to adopt. Imagine looking for a plug for adoption. That's what she did. She was looking for a plug for adoption. She Huh? An adoption booster. Exactly. And she didn't even go about the process of doing the adoption, right? So she ended up putting her baby on Facebook. Marketplace. You can buy furniture, home decor, rugs, and newborn babies all on Facebook marketplace. Now, I asked Lauren LaRosa earlier if there was any newborn babies on Facebook marketplace. I just asked you to look. Yeah, I don't know. Maybe this is normal and we don't know about it. I ain't seen nothing. I also checked Sheen. Okay? Or a baby, baby. Come get this baby. I checked Temu for baby daddy. I ain't see none of them available.


Okay? Okay. Now what's interesting to me about this situation is Juniper posted in a Facebook group aimed at connecting birth mothers with prospective adoptive parents. So You know she indicated that she was located in Houston, but willing to travel if an arrangement could be made. This poor girl really thought that. This is how this works. Okay? I just get in a Facebook group with mothers looking to be adoptive parents. And I sell this seven pound, four ounce bundle of joy to the highest bidder. She was literally at the hospital waiting for the highest bidder. You had to pay extra for the placenta, but she would sell you the newborn below market rate. Now, authorities were notified after social media users raised concerns about the legitimacy of the adoption.


I've never claimed to be the highest grade of weed in the dispensary, but unless something has changed drastically in The World, no adoptions happen on Facebook. You just heard Lauren say you can't go on Facebook Marketplace, okay? To buy a baby. They don't have no babies for sale and you don't get paid for adopting a child. And it's illegal to receive payment for putting a child up for adoption. So there's nothing left to see here. Folks, please give Juniper, Juniper, Bryson of Houston, Texas the biggest hee-haw. Now just You know, hypothetically, if you were to buy a newborn, where would you want it from? Tmu or Sheen? Hmm? I'd probably go Sheen.


Sheen, right? Yeah, Yeah, yeah. I feel like I know more people who've ordered off of Sheen, so my baby will be Legit. Yeah. And then You know with Temu, if they show you the picture of the baby, the baby ain't gonna look the way it look. Mm. When you get It. Yeah. I feel like Sheen, you can like You know how you wait until you post photos of your baby to all the like it the all the, the features and all that coming. How they be waiting with Sheen. I think they would show you all that. Like you would get the before, the after you get to know who the dad is, all that. Yeah. You don't want a little oo face baby little tmu face baby. And be where you ordering from? Forever. Forever. What? 21. Where you get your wigs from? That's how I get 'em from, Oh, it's from Atri. Savage Artistry, You know custom unit. Custom made unit. Don't never order a baby from there.


That's store. I'm glad you shot them all the way out. Hey, don't ever order a baby from there, okay? No, She don't make baby, she make beautiful units. Jesus get busy. I don know. That's right. The girls from Delaware get busy with the hands. All right, well thank you for that donkey today. Now when we come back, breakfast club court 805 8 5 1 0 5 1. Now you told us a story about DDG, right? What Happened? Yeah. So DDG took his baby on the live stream with Kaisa Na and his son's mom. Holly Bailey got upset. She was like, I didn't approve this. I'm not happy with this. So let's open up the phone lines. (800) 585-1051. Let's go to Breakfast Club Court. DDG is the father. Does he need approval to show his son on a stream?


Prove from the mother, approval from The mom? Especially, especially because the baby has been with him before streaming. She's been on social, the baby's been on social media numerous times, correct? Yeah. Does this only happen with co-parent relationships though? Like would this be even a concern in y'all household as married people? Anytime that I do anything with my kids that goes to social media or in public, my wife knows we have a conversation beforehand. Every single time. Every single time. Yeah. Y'all don't just like establish one main rule? Nah, We, we do it both times. Whether she does it or I do it, we have a A conversation. Envy. I mean, Charlamagne You Know you don't Well, oh yeah. You Don't even ask what to say. We don't. Let's discuss when we Comes back. Likehonestly, you don't have a life outside of this trolling my wig. So don don't play that game. That's the only thing we know on social I, don.


Not nobody who does it, but you ain't gonna see mine on no social media. Let's Discuss when we come back. It's the breakfast local. Good morning, The. Breakfast Club. You said he calling my phone, man. It's topic time. Call 8 5 8 5 1 5 1 to join into the discussion with The Breakfast Club Morning everybody. It's DJ nv. Hey fam, this is Carlos Miller from the 85 South Show. If you're like me, you're always thinking about how to level up your career. Maybe you're fresh outta college, just starting in your field or even looking to switch things up and find your true calling. Whatever stage you're in, remember that this is your time to grow, to learn, and to build something that lasts.


State Farm understands that early career development is key to long-term success. They've been a steady presence in our community and they know having the right support early can make all the difference. State Farm is there to help you make smart moves and to help you get the coverage you need. We all know that the journey to success is a marathon, not a sprint. It's all about staying focused, staying grounded, and making sure you're protected every step of the way. Let's build our careers with confidence, knowing that State Farm is there to support us just like they've always been. Because Like a good neighbor. State Farm is there. Find out more@statefarm.com. The World is constantly changing. It's up to you to decide how to respond. Choose to be bold to try something new.


Choose to reinvent yourself. That's what Nissan did with the all new totally reimagined kicks. The dynamic new exterior styling immediately announces that Nissan isn't messing around the interior. A completely redesigned cabin with premium features like wireless Apple call play and a panoramic moonroof make driving a kicks immersive and exciting. And with new performance and safety features like intelligent all-Wheel Drive, the Kicks is both fun and safer to drive than ever before. It is the dawning of a brand new era for the Nissan Nissan kicks only one question remains. Is it a new error for you as well? Drive the all new Reimagined Nissan kicks today. Available Features compatible device service and consumer activation of Nissan Connect services. Package required Use only when safe and legal subject to third party service availability For more information, see Nissan usa.com/connect/legal Apple car plays a trademark of Apple Link Intelligent all-Wheel Drive cannot prevent collisions or provide enhanced traction in all conditions.


Always monitor traffic and weather conditions. Coming soon to Prime video You Can Call me Detective Alex Cross Based on characters created by James Patterson. Detective Cross, you've been doing this a long time and you're the best And created by Ben Watkins. Multiple victims I've connected to. This Comes a thrilling new series. He's a serial killer. I don't kill for Foot. Ms. Ke thinks he iss the smartest guy in the room. So lot stick out there. He actually believes he's an artist. You're gonna be part of a masterpiece. This is the product of an unbelievable obsession. Als Hoge is DC's finest. Alex Cross. If we don't find him soon, we may never have another chance again.


30 years knowing Cross. I learned to trust his gut against side's Hand. The clock ticking. He was hitting my house. He messed with my kids. He's gotta be getting close. Do, you think you can stop him? I know I can cause I. know him better than he knows himself Himself. Cross a new original series only on Prime Video. November 14th Welcome to The World of Bose Ultra open earbuds. The perfect gift for the music lover in your life. They're designed to give you complete openness to your surroundings while providing rich private sound. Wanna hear what that sounds like? Picture this.


A walk on a sunny winter day. You can hear the satisfying crunch of snow beneath your feet and your favorite holiday song playing. That's the magic we're talking about. Hear life and music at the same time. Hey, come on in. Bose ultra open earbuds. Own the gift game and check out bose.com/iheart to shop now.


How crispy are the new deli X crispy quesadillas? Let's see. I'm gonna pop one in the microwave. Yeah. Deli x crispy quesadillas are crispy even from a microwave. I can already smell it. Heads up. If you hate loud crunching, you might wanna mute. Mm So crispy. Like barely hear myself. Think crispy. These should come with a warning. Mm. If this crispiness is making you hungry, get to your closest grocery store for Deli me crispy quesadillas in the frozen aisle. Jess, Hilarious. Charlemagne tha God. We are The Breakfast. Club Law LaRosa filling in for Jess. You just joining us. We were talking about DDG and Jess with the mess. What did we say? Ms. Lauren LaRosa. We were saying that Halle Bailey was really upset at DDG because she said that she didn't approve for Halo, which is their son, to be on the live stream with him when he live stream with Kyat.


So we were asking 805 8 5 1 0 5 1. Let's go to Breakfast Club Court. We were asking DDG is the father. Does he need approval from the mom to show his son on a stream? That is the question. And that's what we are asking. Let's go to the phone lines. We got mellow on the line. Mellow. Good morning. Yo, what's The? World? Y'all know the vibes. How y'all feeling? What's mellow? Melo life is amazing. It is what it should be. What's your thoughts? Melo. You doing ll Cool babe? I'm doing good. We friends today? Oh yeah. Nah, we always friends. Oh, okay. You know what I mean? I'm just looking out for your emphasis. Oh God. Okay. Alright. So listen here. I'm a public defender for for Hailey right now. You. know what I mean? Respectfully, like what we not about to do. You are. Nobody's about to sling to her. It's not about to happen. I'm not letting it happen.


Now granted, she shouldn't have have approached that situation on social media. Maybe you should have had a conversation with him. One-on-one like, yo, that made me uncomfortable. You know what I'm going through with the postpartum You. know what I mean? How You know that's what she should have done. You feel me? I agree. You know what I mean? And on top of that, DDG is a good father. Every time we see him, he present. There's a lot of people out there. They only father his Tom, you feel me? So respectfully like, let that man be a good daddy for his child. Okay, thank You. I I do agree with Melo. A lot of these conversations, the pub, the general public does not need to be privy to. We got Candace on the line. Candace, good morning. Good Morning. How are you guys? What's going on? Candace, what's your thoughts? My thoughts is this is the stupidest discussion ever.


'cause the fact of it is, I'm just saying because at the end of the day, if they both have posted this little boy and she posts him and she's got a million something views or however many views she got and he got the same whatever, why does he need permission from her to post anybody? To post his own son? Okay. It'd be different if he was on like social media and he got him You know with a gun or something. Or You know in a dangerous type situation, if he is just doing an interview and the little boy is in his, his dad's rap and Chloe has posted this little boy a million and thousand times. Hailey, why is that a Problem? Hailey? Hailey. But yeah, I agree with you Hailey Haley. Yep. And I mean it's literally no different from how You know how sometimes where females that get mad when the dude have they kid around another You know another girl and whatever.


And she pissed because he didn't discuss it with her. Do do a fe if that female gonna run every dude does she mess with through the, through her baby daddy. Okay, well let me ask you, it's the same thing. You, you, you not wrong, queen, but let me ask you a question. You and your man, y'all watching the Netflix show together or any show on any screaming service? Y'all watching it together, but then you find out he watched one episode without you. Ooh. He got you feeling a little way. Yes. Yes. Actually You know what I'm, it's funny that you brought that up because my, it was my, it's my husband actually. And we were watching old episodes. He got me hooked to the Sopranos. I had never seen The Sopranos before and he started watching You know he was watching it and he would watch more episodes.


Yeah, I felt in some kind of way, but then I would like, I'm, I'm not gonna get bad, but I did feel a certain kind of way. But then only thing I would do is when he go to work, I just start rewinding and You. know what I mean? There you go. And watch the episodes that he watched. Yeah. So maybe You know. I mean, it's nothing to be arguing about. 'cause at the end of the day, if what You know what I mean? If that little boy is both they kids, he's not doing anything to endanger that little boy. She need to stop. She's extra for no reason. Okay, Thank you Mama. Hello. Who's this? This Is Shanice. Hey Shanice. Good morning. Talk to us. What's your thoughts? Okay, so I feel like Halle has a right to say that she doesn't want her baby to be on the internet without her permission. Why?


Because as a mother you never know what she's going through. Like she said, she's going through her postpartum. So as that's her opinion, then he should respect that just as her mother, Even though the baby was posted numerous times on, on both their social medias. Yeah, we don't know what the real extent, she never goes on social media speaking her business. DD G's always speaking her business. So if she's on the internet now saying that she doesn't agree, then she doesn't agree again. Okay. Thank you Mama. And I said earlier, like, I don't wanna take anything away from what she may be experiencing postpartum wise because she said severe and she You know. She did talk about it, but we don't know. Like she said it, but it's like don don't know what that means. Like how does, how did that come into play with the conversation of was he allowed to take his child to the stream or not?


Right. Well we'll take some more calls when we come back. 805 8 5 1 0 5 1. We're in Breakfast Club Court. It's The. Breakfast, Club. Good morning. If y'all talking about it You know we talking about it. It's topic time. Call 805 8 5 1 0 5 1 to join into the discussion with The Breakfast. Club. Morning everybody. It's DJ JNV. Just hilarious. Charlamagne the guy. We are The Breakfast. Club. Lauren la Rosa. Filling in for just now. If you're just joining us during, just with the mess. Lauren reported about DDG. Yes, I did. We were talking about DDG on Kai Son's livestream and he brought Baby Halo and it was so cute.


But then Holly Bailey, who is You know Halo's mom. We all know Holly. She said, no, I didn't approve that And I don't like that. And I. She said she's been been with severe postpartum and she just didn okayed and it wasn't cool with her. So we're asking 805 8 5 1 0 5 when we're in Breakfast Club Court. What are your thoughts? Hello. Who's this? This is Sharonda. Hey Sharonda. Good morning. Talk to us. What's your thoughts? Good morning, Sam. My thought is this, people always, I don't think she was trying to tell him what to do, but I think she was saying to try to get ahead of the internet before people start. I Oh, why he got that baby on his shelf and it backside. I get what she's saying.


I didn't necessarily see that, but maybe that I just, because I thought it was cute. I might have just missed that response, but Right. I can get what she, I, I, I can feel what she's saying though, but because people react to everything they do with their baby, the photos, all that. Hello, who's this? Hi, this is Ebonee from Detroit, Michigan. Hey Ebonee. Good morning. What's your thoughts? Good morning. My thoughts is that Halle is right. She's totally correct. And that's coming from an individual that also went through postpartum after having my daughter. It's not a good feeling to, I guess not know where your child is before they're going there. So for her to not be comfortable, even though she, she herself has put her child online and the father has had the child online as well.


I don't think the online is necessarily the issue. I think the location of where they are streaming online may be more of the issue in the fact that she didn't know prior to. Okay. Well thank you Mama. Hello. Who's this? Hi, my name is Alexis. Hey Alexis. Good morning. What's your thoughts? So, I'm really in favor of Hailey's because I don't feel like anyone's taking account that she's saying she wasn't notified. She wasn't saying nobody asked her permission. Okay. But I feel like saying, saying not I wasn't notified is the same thing as saying like, You know it gotta be cleared over here too. Like I need to know what's going on. We wouldn't think that that's like kind of the same thing, even though it's not those exact words.


No, no. I feel like she just needed to know what was going on. She didn't need to say yes or no to give permission because the baby's been seen by The. World by now, like y'all said. But to not know what's going on with your kid and then seeing his face everywhere, all of a sudden it can be shocking. And postpartum isn't just depression. It could be like extreme anxiety too. She said, so like as a mother, I can relate to how she's feeling. Like just wanting to know what's going on with the baby. Okay. Did You know she did use the, the words I don't approve as well. Right. But what's the moral of the story? Do we, do we have a a, a moral at all or a Winner Moral of the story? Ain't none of us. Halle ain't none of us. DDG. So they make decisions for their own child.


Just that simple. All right, well we got just with the mess coming up, what we talking about. Yeah, we do Ply dropped a, a major lawsuit. He's suing Mag Thee Stallion Gorilla, a bunch of people for a copyright infringement. So we gonna get into the details of that. All right, we'll get into that. Next is The. Breakfast. Club. Good morning The. Breakfast Club. Morning everybody. It's DJ Envy. Jess, hilarious Charlamagne guy. We are The Breakfast. Club. Let's get to just with the Mess with Lauren LaRosa News is real. Jessica Robin Moore just don't do no lying. She don't nobody. Why Jess Worldwide mess On The.


Breakfast Club. She's the coaches. Lauren, Lauren Osa. I back And. I got the mess. Talk to me. Okay. Well Implies just filed a lawsuit fo apply for ClubCorp music Playing. I mean, me in court, I just was going with it. I thought maybe 'cause we was going, he knew we was going to lawsuits You. know what I mean? Okay. Okay. Well, ply filed a lawsuit against Meg De Stallion, gorilla Cardi B and Soja Boy. Now the reason why he filed this lawsuit, he is claiming that they used without any You know permissions in advance and all the stuff that they have to do when you sample songs. Gotta clear it. Yeah, yeah. That all the clearances that they used music from like, or basically referenced his track, me and my grooms and some of their songs.


So for Meg De Stallion and Illa Cardi, and so I'm sorry for Mag De Stallion, Gloria and Cardi, he sang that they took his music and used it in the wannabe remix for Soulja Boy. He's saying that Soja took his music and used it in Pretty Boy Swag. Now I wonder if that's a sound that people can use though. Like, because they're using it as a hi hat. That's, I wonder, explain to us normal people what that means. That what you're saying There's, there's universal sounds that you can use. Most of the time it's preloaded on some of these beat machines, some of these keyboards that people use. So I wonder if that's a preloaded sound that people can use. Okay. And they're using it as a Hi hat You know when you listen to a record he hits. Yeah, It's, it's use. It's how you use the 8 0 8 the drums now, right? No. Similar. Okay. Its, it's a different sound.


But yeah. Okay. So I I don Dunno the answer to that question, but that's basically what it is gonna have to be determined in court. Now, when all this dropped, the lawsuit was everywhere. A producer for me, thee Stallion that some people may know. His name is Lil J. Lil J made the beat. He came out and he said, actually my Dougie came out in 2006. Me and my go came in 2008 and Big E, the producer of my Dougie is credit credited on Wannabe. He also says, for the record, pretty Boy Swag is a remake of my Dougie as well. Soulja Boy is on my Dougie remix. Me and my goons are literally not even a single for that plys album. Now, I did my own research a bit and what I found was that Lil Wills my Dougie with the song he's referenced in was released in what?


From what I saw in 2007. I was according to the billboard chart. And then Ply is song or the album. The Real Is, which is where wanna be. I'm sorry, me. The album, the Real is, which is where me and my goons is at, came out December 16th, 2008. So to this Producer's Point, plys song would've come after the original song that they're saying that they used. Now let's take a listen to, But they got clearance from my Duckie. Right? They they got the legal clearance from from It. That's what he's saying. He's saying that, that there was clearances and that they, according to this producer, that they also credited the person who made the little will my Dougie beat. So If the producer said he actually sampled it from there and he can, I'm sure he has the, the You know his, his beat. He would've to be able to back it up. Yeah, he could back it up. I'm sure he has the files. And if he could prove that he, and he just did it recently. So it's not like it's a old track.


Yeah, I'm sure this is open And shut case. It's plys allowed to sue black women. What you mean? I'm all not, not now. Not right now. I'm all about business. Is business never personal. But yes, I agree with Lauren. Not right now. Ply. Not After you just went on that whole Run. Not a couple days after Kamala election. One day, one day today. Plys, you just gave them sisters a virtual hug. You can't sue them after giving them a virtual hug. Now Sue the brothers, come back and sue the ladies in the spring. Actually though, you should just let them have that You know that's a nice constellation prize. Especially for Gloria and Meg. Thee Stallion. They was out there on the campaign trail with the vice president now. Right? Cardi was on there too. But, but she he suing Cardi too. Yes, yes. No. Yes.


Ly yes. Cardi called it straight 'cause she hopped on the remix. She jumped on the remix. She said we could lay our head On his shoulder to, He said We could put and gorilla and so no, He said we could put our heads on his shoulders. You Know what he Didly ply gave y'all that virtual hug. And then he said, lay your hand head on my shoulder. And then he whispered in your ear. By the way, I'm suing. That's the last thing they want right now is a lawsuit applies. Now you should let Gorilla and Meg Thee Stallion and, and Cardi Cardi have that. Okay. All right. They was out there. They was out there on the trail. They was performing. They was out there speaking for the, for the, for the vice president. Now, The timing is not a good look. And I will say this, Guys, I know you in the car right now about to go live doing something.


You should think about this and think about like You know what? Let them young ladies have that lawsuit. Now you can sue the guys, but you should let them young ladies have that lawsuit. Your sisters and Kamala Harris. You need to let them relax. Okay? Let them mad. Them ladies was out there on that trail for Kamala. That's gonna be the last thing they need right now is a lawsuit after this l that we just all took. When I see that Today, it's gonna be a hard one to prove. It's gonna be a hard one to prove. 'cause if Little did, little Juah producer, if he made that beat and he's saying, I sampled this and we clear that it's gonna be open and shut. Case Envy outside of all of that, we supposed to be his sisters in Kamala Harris. What Happened? That's right, Lauren. Now you, there you go. Gave some time. There you go. When I saw the Lawsuit, I said there What the, I thought it was a joke. There you go. See you out here. Just speaking on the lawsuit.


No, let's talk about it. Lauren. How did the black woman, how do you feel seeing applied to this? When I saw the headline, I thought it was a joke. I said, no, he didn't. Not Mr. Speak for the black woman. Don't double standard Kamala. Not right now, bro. Business is business. I get it. But right now, bro Should have waited. You should have waited a week. No, wait till the spring suit the guy, Sue Soldier. Now. And if you want, if you wanted to handle business with the ladies later, do that. But I think that you should let the ladies have that simply because those women, individual Gloria and Meg Thee Stallion and Cardi B, they was out there on the trail for the Vice p And. I also, when complies, if you decide to get in the car with that hat today, I wanna know, did you try to have conversations with these women before you went public? Not when public before you filed a lawsuit that anyone knows could be pulled and be public because it, it just, it's, the timing was crazy. You hurt.


I'm not hurt, but I did feel like, okay, I hear you. I, you're you one of them ones that get online and talk about the relationship and be cheating on your wife at home. I don't, whoa, whoa. I ain't go that far down. Damn. That's how I felt. That's how I felt. Whoa, Whoa, whoa. Y'all know them People I'm talking about on Instagram that be giving you all that advice and they really not good people in real life. Like I, I felt like that And I don't wanna feel like that about Ply. I I have no issue with them, but I did not like the timing of this at all. Jesus. Okay, I'm sorry I didn't anything else to say. We gonna move on. You got time for another one? Okay. All right. Now King comes. Speaking of more lawsuits, I'm, that's how I felt. I don, if anybody else feels that way too, you don't gotta join in. I felt that way. Alright, Plys about to go live from the car in 30 minutes. The hat you want more like five minutes ahead Now.


King Comb hopped online You know that they've been like documenting kind of how their family has been upholding since Diddy is in prison. He hopped online and let us know that he's gonna be taking over his dad's social media. Let's take a listen Up Ys King Kong. And right now I'm taking over my pops Instagram. We gonna be posting videos by spreading You know good energy and taking y'all down memory lane and all the positive things he did. So stay tuned and watch this. Let's go. We love you Pops. Happy birthday. I see what he trying to do. I You know, I Guess with all the negative, the negative stuff going out and all the negative stories. You're trying to put some Yeah, its his positive stuff out There. It's his dad and all that. I get it. I commend him For You know that's their father. They're gonna stand by their dad.


But that memory lane walk gonna be interrupted by that Cassie video every single time. People are not gonna let that live. They're not like, they're not, even if you hear the records, I've heard the songs after all of this and the first thing you think of is, dang You. Right? Yeah. So I mean, we'll, we'll be watching, I'll be watching the Post I I wonder if he's doing that for his Diddy's birthday or is he probably trying to like, make his image look more positive for when he goes to court and stuff? It's probably the Image. You know, especially it's gonna be a jury day. I both, yeah, you wanna put as much positive things out there as you can. I'm sure. How does this impact the business though? Does this like help them like You know what Business the business is over what business Business? What's the business? Yeah. What business you talking about? So like if there's, if if he's doing this and it's making a song stream more and all that, that doesn't positively impact, impact them.


I don't, don don't think, I don't think the business is gonna change. Okay. All right. Well we have He Should do Missing You Over. Oh, it's too early. Too early. Too early. What he should do missing you. It pops in jail. He should missing Not right now. Probably give it some time, right? Yeah. That's like, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah. Wow. Whoa. Yeah. Give some time. But that would've been dope for the birthday dude. Missing you over talk about it pops, But he's not doing things over. He's just reposting some of those videos you said he should do Over. I know I'm talking about Yeah, because you talking about making more money. Yeah. If that's what you're trying to do, don don't know. He trying to uplift the vibrations. Got you. Love, love, love. To your point is, yeah, they gonna post that video every time. Yeah. Alright, well that was just with the mess with Laura LaRosa. Now when we come back, we got the People's Choice Mix.


It's The, Breakfast, Club. Good morning, The, Breakfast Club. Your mornings will never be the same Morning. Everybody is DJ Envy, just hilarious. Charlemagne the guy. We are The Breakfast, Club. I, I just wanna say I finally got a good night's sleep last night. I went to bed like 5 30, 6 o'clock. Woke up at four. I felt, I feel great facts. I feel great. I got my usual. I was very, very tired. I hadn't slept, I hadn't slept a lot after the election. I think I might've been up. I I think I only went to sleep a hour the night of the election. Yeah. I went there an hour and then had to You know come back from DC and stuff and You know, do radio, then do my brilliant podcast. I really didn't get no sleep either, but I got a little bit of sleep last night. But I do wanna salute everybody. I'm gonna see in Nashville, Tennessee on Saturday.


You know this Saturday we have our Thrill of Possibility Summit, which is in Asheville, Tennessee, sponsored by Nissan You know the Black Effect and iHeartRadio. We do that and literally it is an event where we bring in, bring in 50 HBCU students and we just have a weekend of panels and different events for them to attend HBCU students that are in the steam field. So why you ain't taking me I don not put you down to be the panelist. You don't think I'm in a steam field? I'm sitting here with you. Yeah. don don't know. I thought I I did put I did put you down as a panelist. I don't know. I, I, I, I, I, I don't know. I have to ask Dolly about that. But yes, we'll see y'all this Saturday at the Thrill of Possibility Summit in Nashville, Tennessee. All Right. And when we come back, we got the positive notice.


The, Breakfast. Club. Good morning. Morning everybody. It's DJ Envy. Jess, hilarious Charlamagne the guy. We are The, Breakfast Club. Laura LaRosa filling in for Jess and we'll see you guys tomorrow. Charlamagne, you got a positive note? Yes. My positive note is very, very simple. But I just want all of y'all out there to know, man, at the wealthiest thing that you can have right now in 2024 is a peace of mind. I'm telling you, don't let nobody disturb your peace. And you gotta find different ways to keep your peace nowadays. So just understand the wealthiest thing to have right now is a peace of mind. Y'all have a great day Breakfast Club bitches. You don't finish or y'all done.


Did You know that parents rank financial literacy as the number one most difficult life skill to teach? Meet Greenlight, the debit card and money app for families with Greenlight, you can send money to kids instantly set up chores, automate allowance, and keep an eye on your kids spending with real time notifications. Kids learn to earn, save and spend wisely. And parents can rest easy knowing their kids are learning about money with guardrails in place. Sign up for Greenlight today at greenlight.com/iheart.


You could sit there and listen to Ads or you could take a moment to have a Diet Coke break. First, grab a chilled diet Coke. 'cause if you want it to be perfect, it needs to be crispy. Next, get a big cup of ice. 'cause everyone knows Diet Coke is best served swimming and ice. Then sip it slowly. Feel that burn and enjoy your break for as long as possible. When you need a break, don't forget to grab an ice cold Diet Coke and take a Diet Coke. Break


The AI upscaling on the new Samsung. Neo QLED and Ole TVs brings old content like from the seventies, eighties, nineties, and beyond into the future. So no matter how far back your shows are from, they'll look groovy baby and colors. In contrast, popping day or night with GLA free Ola and the Neo QLED AK processors are awesome sauce. They make every detail look sweet. It's time to bring your TV watching into the future. Welcome to new era of Samsung AI tv. Discover more@samsung.com. Upscale every moment upscaling utilizes AI based algorithms viewing experience may vary according to types of content and format.


Did You know there's no Tom at TOMS? Our name reflects our commitment to creating better tomorrows this season. Embrace cozy comfort with TOMS from Chic boots and everyday sneakers to wedges in our iconic Alpr goddess Slip-ons. Our cloud bound insoles deliver exceptional cushioning, perfect for morning meetings, yoga sessions, farmer's markets, and quiet moments at home. When you buy TOMS, you help make a difference in the lives of others. Together we've positively impacted over 100 million people to date and we're only getting started. Shop Fall Footwear Essentials now at TOMS dot com.


Good sleep should come naturally. And with a new natural hybrid mattress, it can a collaboration between Lisa and West Elm. The natural hybrid is expertly crafted from natural latex, natural wool, and certified safe foams to elevate your sleep sanctuary in support a greener tomorrow breathable organic cotton and moisture wicking JOA wool consistently provide cool and comfortable slumber. Every purchase helps fuel Lisa's work with shelters and those in need. Visit lisa.com to learn more. That's LEES a.com.