
This is LaVar Arrington from Two Pros and a Cup of Joe. The Toyota Tundra and Tacoma are designed to out less and outlive, backed by Toyota's legendary reputation for reliability. So get in a tundra with the available I Force Max Hybrid engine, delivering exceptional torque and towing capacity. Or check out a Tacoma with available off-road features like crawl control. It can take you beyond the trails. Toyota trucks are built to last year after year, mile after mile. So don't wait. Get yours today. Visit buy a toyota.com for deals and more. Toyota, let's go places.


American Public University understands the challenges of balancing education with a busy ever changing life. Whether you're part of a military family managing PCs moves, or a working professional juggling career and family, A PU offers the flexibility you need to succeed. Deliver online APUS programs make it possible to learn wherever life takes you. And courses are offered in eight and 16 week formats with monthly start dates so you can begin when it's convenient and progress at a pace that's comfortable for you. A PU is committed to making education affordable for everyone. For active duty, military and their families, the preferred military rate is just 250 per credit hour. Veterans and their families can benefit from the Veteran Grant, which provides 10% off undergrad and master's levels tuition. And for everyone else, the Opportunity Grant offers the same 10% tuition savings, making higher education within reach for all. Visit apu.apu.edu/military to learn more American public university education that moves with you.


Divorce can leave you feeling isolated like you're stuck on an island with no direction, but you don't have to go through it alone. At Hello Divorce, we guide you step by step, offering everything from legal advice to financial planning so you can find your way back to solid ground. Start your divorce journey with the support you need@hellodivorce.com because you deserve a better path forward.


This is John Cameron Mitchell and my new fiction podcast series, cancellation Island Stars Holly Hunter. As Karen, a wellness influencer who launches a rehab for the recently canceled in the future, we will all be canceled for 15 minutes. But don't worry, we'll take you from broke to woke or your money back. Cancellation Island's revolutionary rehab therapies like bad touch football, anti-racism, spin class, and mandatory ayahuasca Ceremonies are designed to force the cancel to confront their worst impulses. But everything starts to fall apart when people start disappearing. Karen, We have you brought us Cancellation Island, where a second chance might just be your last listen to Cancellation Island on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts.


Good morning. USA Yo Yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo, yo yo. Good morning. How you feeling? Just hilarious. Good Morning. I'm feeling good, y man. How are you? I am blessed black and highly favored. Happy to be here another day to serve our beautiful listeners. Yes. I don't even know what the hell I was supposed to say just now. I know when one person out here throws the whole rhythm off. I know. Just say each other name. It's Monday. It's Monday. Yes. There you go. How was your weekend, Jess? It was good. I was out in Cincinnati. Shout out to Jay Slay. She re curled my hair. Shout out to the lash tech Eugenia at lashing out. Look, Those are Curls Ohio. Yeah. These are curls. They little curls, but they're curls.


They little swoops. Oh, okay, Okay. Because it's kind of like a pixie, I don't even know what the hell you talking about. Exactly. Okay. So don't ask about nobody hair you. Right. You're Right. Gosh. Absolutely. So, yeah, you know what I just noticed though? All So you, you, you wear a lot of bone docs merge. Yes, I do. Did you know that the show was based in Baltimore, Maryland with law Maryland? I ain't never heard that ever in my life. Well, it is true. Ain't don't nobody on SAT true. No, they don't. Don't duh, don't nobody on that talk like that. 'cause they didn't hire none of the voices, the actors to be Emini here. They're not from Baltimore. You sure about this? But the show takes place in Woodlawn, Maryland. Yes. I thought it was just a, a fictional place called Woodcrest. Was it Woodlawn? Woodlawn, Maryland. They probably had to name it. Woodcrest. Yeah. Because you know Woodlawn would probably Ain't nothing about the Boondocks.


Seem like Baltimore are. You gotta Look it Up. I'm not saying you lying. I'm just saying I don't believe it But I just, I noticed it Because you wear a lot of Boondock merch. I Do. That's one of my favorite shows. Yeah. And, and Aaron mcgruder is the homie. So you know, we do a lot Emini here. That's my, that's my friend. But we do a lot of creative stuff together as well. He was the executive producer on my, my last TV show. Confirm that fact. That didn't work on Comedy Central. Huh? Damn. It happens sometimes the try and the fail. I'd rather, you know, I'd rather get the opportunity. Good on guys interview. What's happening brother? Hey, what's going on? Oh, you got the fresh hairline in. You went back to the doctor. Oh my God. You got the tattoo. What happened? Don't it look fresher today? Yeah. It don't look like a tattooed hairline. It do.


Well It look like you touch it. No I don't. But it look like you got like the thing refurbished or something. Don't y'all gotta get it refurbished every couple years? No, Just call a haircut. I got a haircut sir. Alright. Whatever. But you know how my wife looks at me when I get a haircut? That's how you just looked at me. No. Yes. That is not. I hope that Noel Yes it is. He gay. He said whoa. I'm kidding. Okay. Alright. Did you do the homework? You said he was gonna be here and all that? No, he did not be. Man will be joining us this morning. The king of Do hall. He'll be here this morning. Nice. And also NLA Chopper will be joining us this morning. Oh, Okay. Beanie Man ain't been in America in what, 10 years? 13 thir, God dang. 13 years. He wasn't able to get his, I guess his working card or whatever they call his working permit.


So he wasn't here for 13 years. So Beaty Man's gonna be joining us this morning And I, I wanna salute to everybody out in Detroit. What up though? I didn't know Mike Epson had his own club in Detroit. He does? Yes. Whole comedy club. Right? The Comedy Club. Yeah. One Mike Comedy, one Mike huge too. Yes. So it's not even like a small, it's a huge, we had had a huge party holds like we had about a thousand people in there, 2000 people in there this weekend. Or Drop on the clue Bobs with Mike s Mike Gson, one of them sneaky hustlers boy. You know what I'm saying? Because he don't really like brag about everything that he doing. But then when you see his portfolio, you be like, damn, The name of the club is one Mike. And I was like, damn, he really owns it. Salute to Mike Epson. And I was in the, the BCIC tournament out in Charlotte, North Carolina.


So nice salute to West Bellamy who put that on. And everybody else that went to West that did that tournament, I'm not sure how the tournament was. 'cause I didn't go to the game like he said, damn. Oh, you Right beat that. Definitely said that's the problem That nobody goes to the game. Nobody goes to the games. Yeah, I didn't make it to the game, but the parties were popping. So shout to everybody in Charlotte, North Carolina. The boondocks was based on a family who moved from the west side of Chicago to a white suburb of Baltimore, Maryland. I don't called wood press, I Don't be lying, but it, it's wood lawn. But they had to change it I guess for wood, you know, production purposes. I know it. I know things about my city, yo. And They ain't had no two, no few, no nothing. Nope. Damn. They sure didn't. But it's all right. It's all good. Alright, well let's get the show cracking. Get it off your chest.


(800) 585-1051. Call us up right now. It's The Breakfast Club. Good morning. I'm tall. I'm tall. Hey, whatcha doing man? I'm Calling You. This is your time to get it off your chest. Whether you're mad or blessed. 8 5 8 5 1 0 5 1. We want to hear from you on The Breakfast Club. Hello? Who's this? Hey guys, it's son, the Haitian therapist. What's up son? Get it off your chest. You got to stop saying that DJ MV is Dominican. Thank You son. Well you gotta stop being Dominican. How you want me to stop saying that somebody is something? They are No Dominican would give as much shoutouts to Haitians ever. Dang. So that's the one. You do have to throw y'all off.


You know, you know Dominican's favorite line is I know black. I know black. And as many times as Envy says he is black, can't be Dominican. Dominicans and Haitians still got that little petty thing going on. They, they Haitian. Oh, you Already know they do. Haitians Ain't nothing but dark-skinned Dominicans and Dominican ain't nothing light-skinned. Haitians. That's very true. It's very true. And Jess, I need more just with the mess on your Instagram, please. Yes ma'am. I got you. Yes, it gets me through my workday. I got You. Well, my work nights since I work nights. What about Jess with the mess on the radio? Do you think we can have that? Yes, Please, please. Very spin. I need that, Jess. It's, it's very raw. I don't know. We'll get fined a lot.


Do It until we can't. Okay. That's true. That's true. Alright. I am supportive of that. Well, thank you. Well, thank you Sandra. No problem. Have A good one. Hello. Who's this? Yeah. Hello. Good morning, sir. Oh, Peace and blessing. Dj. What's going on man? I didn't know you picked up the phone, Man. What's up brother? How you feeling Sean Stone? What's up? I'm Good, man. Hey, hey Jess. How you doing this morning? I'm good. Good morning, Sean. That's good man. Jess, I, I was, I was so happy to hear that you clear up that narrative. I don't like the fact that a lot of people be trying to pick on you online. Just, I'll be standing up for you, Jess. I appreciate that. Sean, thank you for your voice. Yeah, sure. For sure. Yeah, definitely. And, and you just made a mistake a while ago.


You, you said that beat him on is the king of downtown. That's he's of self cl No, no, no. He is not the king of dance house anymore. Five cartel is the king of dance house. Okay. Not bean man. Beman used to be the king of dance house, but he's not anymore. Once five cartel is there. Sean, I just want you to know that you've never sounded this Jamaican ever when you called your radio station. But now that Beanie man here this morning, you got your Patois on extra hard. Well, well, shout me. I'm Jamaica. And you know what Emini here. So I'm gonna always represent Jamaica. So I wanna say, Can I ask another question, York? Because Can I ask you a question after you? No, I wanna ask a Jamaican question. Go ahead. What, what made who de throwing beanie? So was Beanie Beanie Beanie is the king, right?


No, the one Bobs the be thrown Beanie Man is vibes cartel. The one that just came out of jail after Doing. But why can't, why can't it be more than one king? Like why can't it be more than one kingdom? Beanie Man is the one that's saying that it can't be more than one king. Oh, I saying more than one king. But because Beanie Man is saying he's the king of dance house, he's not the king of dance hall anymore. The kids, the kids now are saying wife's cartel is the king of dance house. You know what Emini here. So we have to listen to the culture. We have to listen to the people. When the people are saying wife's cartel is the king of dance house. Gotcha. But Beman is the one that's acting selfish, acting like they cannot be more than one king. You know what Emini here, But we'll talk to Beanie about that when he comes up here in a, in a hour or So, Shami, can I ask you that question?


Yes sir. Ya always say you here to serve the listeners, right? Yes, sir. And envy, I want you to know these people that's on YouTube are the listeners that listen to the show. So a lot of time when they trying to give their own point of view, they're not boxed. Bro, you know what Emini here, one of the biggest thing that we asked was why was Tesla and Figaro let go? And none of you guys even give a clarification on why she was let go. So stop saying, you're here to serve the listeners to that man. Because when we ask question, you don't wanna answer our question. Ain't nobody ever asked me that, but salute the test. You can listen to, you could listen to Tesla's podcast, the Straight Shot No Chaser podcast. Not go down on the Black Effect iHeart Radio podcast network.


You're funny. Alright, Lita, y'all, I just told him to. Where to go. Check for Tesla. Get it Off your chest. 805 8 5 1 0 5 1. If you need to vent, hit us up now. It's The Breakfast Club. Good morning. The Breakfast Club. It's a new Day. This is your time to get it off your chest. Wake up whether you're mad or blessed, it's Time to get up and Get something. Call Up now. (800) 585-1051. We want to hear from you on The Breakfast Club. Hello. Who's this? Hey, good morning, this is James calling from North Carolina. What's up James? What part of North Carolina? Hey, I'm right now. I I'm residing in Lumberton.


Okay. Get it off your chest, brother. Yeah, I, I had seen this news report like a little over a week ago saying that people are being apprehended coming across the Canadian and Mexican borders smuggling eggs. Have y'all, have y'all heard This? I haven't heard that one. Yeah, I, so I did the same thing when I found out about it. I laughed. My ha on my behind off, man. But Where'd you see the news report at? Hey it, I saw it on this show called Have I Got News for You with Amber Ruffin and Roy Wood Jr. Now I am looking, I'm looking, I pulled up this. You, Hey, I watched, I don't, I haven't watched that show yet, but I, I've seen the commercials for it. But I am looking at this, this news report from USA today and it says Texas Customs Officer scramble playing stop at least 90 from smuggling eggs into the US Yo, I'm saying that, how do you, I don't know if they're locking these people up, but if you get locked up for smuggling eggs, Emini here, you mad to being in a cell?


Like Yeah, they caught me with a couple dozen, man, You gotta go with a hustle at, you know what I'm saying? If people need looking for cheaper eggs, you gotta supply the folks. Yeah, man, y'all have a good day, Bro. Yeah, this is true. I'm looking at Wall Street Journal article. Eggs are so expensive. Hold on. The headline said, Hey, eggs are so expensive. People are smuggling them in from Mexico. The contraband is yet another sign of how far consumers will go to battle soaring prices. Wow. This is March 15th, 2025. I missed this one. Hello, who's this? Hello? Hey, what's your name, bro? Hey, good morning. DJ Envy. Met Guy. This is Kayla the artist. What's up Kayla? I don Dunno if you guys remember me.


No, say what up to Jess. Jeff here too Kilo. He said it's, Hey, good morning Jess. Good morning. Good morning. Hey, I'm OJ from Congo, Africa. I don't know if Sha may be playing with me sometime couple years back. Congo. I'm Calling, I'm calling to promote my music. I got a few albums coming out this Friday. It's called From Congo to The World. And I wanted to sing for y'all just a little bit so you guys can hear me. Oh no. Make name if you don't mind. Do we have to go ahead brother. Go First. I would say my name is Klo, the artist. So KELO space, THE, space artist. Klo the artist. And here we go. I consider myself feel lucky, man.


Would you mind if I take my time and admire you? Oh, have you left that all you Oh, natural beauty. I'm minding my business, but as girl, I'm the life. Yes sir. Put knee on me, bro. I got some fire going on. So To you. Do sound good? Yeah. Thank you. Thank you. Y'all don't mind. If you don't mind, please take me out. Out. You, you won't regret. I got some fire, alphabet, any type of anything you need. I got it. Yes sir. All Thank you. Thank you Kilo.


Thank you. Blessing. Blessing. All right. Get it off your Chest some more. It's always funny when a person voice go down low so fast. People just be ready. Boy. What clown aint on the floor? 805 8 5 1 0 5 1. If you need to vent, you can hit us up. Now we got the latest with Lauren coming up. Yes we do. So heavyweight boxing champion George Foreman has passed away at the eighth of 76. So we're gonna take some time to show him some love this morning. All Right, we'll get to that next Sister Breakfast Club. Good morning. The Breakfast Club Morning everybody. It's D ej. Somebody just walking in your house and turning your TV off for no damn reason.


But they got a remote control standing outside. They keep turning your TV off. You don't wife no Cool TVs do that. Like you can ride around and just like turn people TVs off it. It works for every tv. The what? The Roku remote works for every Roku tv. Something about me wants to try that. You Should. Exactly. Nobody did that for Instagram. Just right around neighborhood. Sure I've seen it. I've seen it on TikTok. People do it. Oh, okay. Alright, well let's get to the latest with Lauren. Lauren becoming a street face Off Man. She gets them from somebody that Knows somebody some, well she gets the details. I'm the home girl that knows a little bit about everything and She be having the latest on you. The latest with Lauren la Sometimes she have facts, sometimes she have details, sometimes she have a little bit of everything.


What's The latest On The Breakfast Club? Talk. Talk to me. I wanna take some time to send a rest in peace to George Foreman. Two time heavyweight champion and Hall of Fame Boxer who passed away over the weekend at age 76. His family released a statement via his Instagram that says Our hearts are broken with profound sorrow. We announced the passing over beloved George Edward Foreman Sr. Who peacefully departed on March 24, 20 first, surrounded by loved ones, a devote preacher, husband, loving father, and a proud grand and great-grandfather. He lived a, he lived a life marked by unwavering faith, humility, and purpose. Mm. They mentioned that he was a humanitarian and Olympian, a two time heavyweight champion of The World.


He was deeply respected of force for good, a man of discipline, conviction, and a protector of his legacy fighting tirelessly to preserve his good name for his family. They say we are grateful for the outpouring of love and prayers and ask for privacy and honor of the extraordinary life of a man that we are blessed to call our own at this time. And he made one of the greatest business moves of all time just by simply deciding that he was going to endorse the foreman girl. That's Right. Simple as That. Yes. You didn't, you didn't grow up black if you didn't have a George Foreman girl in house. Did you have one? Yes I did. Yes. Yep. And didn't he name all his sons George? Yes. Yes. All his sons are name George. I wonder how like he calls them, like how he would Call them by numbers. Yeah, I Was about to say had to be. Or they got like family nicknames like Boo Boo. No, they got family nicknames.


I've seen it like one G, one G two G 3G 4G five. Nah, they got like nicknames. But they all, George, George Junior, George two George, three George And I think one daughter's George Georgetta. Yeah, someone Georgetta. Did the Foreman Grill get get replaced by the air fryer? Yes. They said the George Foreman Grill walked so the air fryer could run or however that goes. I, the George Foreman Grill was way easier to use in the air fryer. I, my mom Still has it. Air fryer takes too long for me. And I actually believe Jada Kiss when he said he cooked crack on the Foreman Grill. You believe him? Do you remember that? I believe him to this day. And you know, George Foreman passed it, you know, net worths mean nothing. But they said that he was worth, for about $300 million, he was able to leave for his family. At one point they said George was making $8 million a month from the Foreman Grill?


Yes. Just in royalties. That's insane. You know, that's supposed to be Hulk Hogan's. Really? But they, the foreman Grill the grill. Yeah. I, I don, I can't remember the story, but they, they got both offered two different things and the Hawk chose one thing and Foreman chose the other. Mm. Hulk chose like a meat meatball making machine. But then there's another story. Hawk Hogans said he just missed a phone call. Wow. Yeah. What a phone call a miss. Yes. Right. Well, yes, wanted to take some time to send his family love and prayers. Now other, we're still over in Texas with this news. This first hour, this morning sauce, Waka friend of the room rapper was shot in Memphis on Saturday afternoon. Now when the news first came down, there was a report of two people shot, but we did not know the identity of the two people.


One person was listed in critical, critical condition. The other person, it was reported that that person had passed away on the scene. And then it was later identified that SAS Waka was the person that was in critical condition. And then he was stable and then released from the hospital over the weekend. He was shot in his leg. And then his artist a so p was actually the person that was confirmed as deceased. Now we do have, because people were trying to figure out what happened. We do have police audio. I received a press conference where police in Memphis talk about what they believe happened on the scene. Let's take a listen From what they've learned in the investigation. This appears to be a targeted shooting incident. The victims were outside by a vehicle. The suspect vehicle pulled up, multiple people got out of that vehicle, fired shots without engaging in any conversation.


They got back into the white vehicle and fled. Mm. That was broad daylight, Right? Yes, it was broad daylight. So this happened during the day. They were outside of a hotel near the FedEx Forum in, in Memphis. Now I Isn't that a good Area? Yes. The police, it went along in this press conference to say this is a safe area. We are here. This is targeted, basically like this normally doesn't happen in this areas. What the police were trying to convey in their press conference. Hmm. Very sad. I I heard, I don't know if his, his alleged man had just spoke out and said what happened? Was that true There? So that there, that is out there. I have not confirmed who the person is, but there is audio right now circulating of someone talking about the fact that just giving more information about it being targeted and according to this report, basically they did not, they they did and didn't do certain things to SA Waka because they realized who they were shooting at the time that it happened.


Like they stood over him and noticed it was him. And then decided to, you know, not, I guess continue the job. This sounds so crazy to even be talking about the fact that this is something that is just being hap said online. But yeah, Allegedly the murderer Yeah. Went well. Stepped over Sauce Walker was about to shoot Sauce Walker, allegedly they realized it was him, realized it was him, and decided not to have said this is not about you. And it ran off. Yes. But that has not been confirmed by authorities yet. But that is something out there by a person that people are pointing to as a manager on the team. Well, everybody who listens to us on K 97 in Memphis, I encourage you to snitch. Okay? I encourage you to tell because anybody that'll do something like that in broad daylight in an area like that will do that to anybody. And that could be you or somebody you love. So don't be afraid. That's crazy. If you see something, say something or if you know something, call somebody.


Yeah. Police are asking for people to cooperate. They say in the press conference, we know that people know things. Please talk to us. We're trying to figure out what happened. What's the reward? If their reward, I don't remember a number of reward Being, they gotta start doing stuff like this. If police gotta put the right money up, you know, people be risking they lives telling these stories, telling people, Well, well I, we do have audio. So Sauce Waka, I was told on Saturday that Sauce Waka had was okay, he had been released from the hospital after being questioned by Memphis Police. And then late Saturday, early Sunday, video of sauces Waka from outside of the hospital. He's home or in a house talking in a Trap house it looks Like in somewhere. Talking about what happened.


Let's take a listen to sauces. Waka, I'm glad you're okay. RFP say so. P man RP say so. P Man, salsa Lake, Sal Lamb. Hi. In the name of my brother, love y'all. I have no hard feeling. Love. Stand up. You gonna stand up. Can you stand up? Hey man, my daddy on the phone. No ho. Hey daddy, how many times your house got shot up? Tell him 45. 45 shots out. 15 years old, nothing new. And that's crazy because you lost, you lost your artist, your homeboy died. So it's like, yeah, None of that is nothing to be proud about my brother. So crazy. You know what Emini here, like all I hear is a generational trauma. Daddy, how many times your house got shot up and then you just got shot at?


No, none of that is nothing to be proud about At all. Sadie was dodging bullets his whole life. That's that's crazy. Yeah. Well I don't, I don't know. Yeah. Yeah. Rest in peace and, and condolences to that man's family, man. Alright, well that is the latest with Lauren. Thank you. And that was all Houston by the way, I think. I think George Foreman is Houston and Sauce Walker suit to everybody who listens us on 93.7 to beat in Houston. That's right. All right. When we come back, we got front page news with Morgan and then Beanie Man will be joining us. Don't go anywhere. It's The Breakfast Club. Good morning, You are checking out The Breakfast Club. Morning Everybody. It's DJ NV Jess. Hilarious. Charlamagne the guy. We are The Breakfast Club. Let's getting some front page news.


What's up Morgan? Good morning everybody. How y'all doing? Happy Monday morning. Peace Morgan. All right, let's get into it. First on the front page is Unfortunate News. Unfortunately, former Utah, Congresswoman Mia Love is dead at 49. Love is a daughter of Haitian immigrants. She made history in 2014 as the first black Republican woman elected to Congress. She died at her home on Sunday following a battle with brain cancer. Her daughter recently announced that the treatment was not going well for her. So just prayers for those families, you know, and condolences absolutely witching gears. Remember last week when President Trump signed an executive order to dismantle the Department of Education? Well, he's elaborating on what departments will pick up services following the closure.


Now, speaking from the Oval Office, Trump said the small business administration will handle those student loans. Y'all, that small business administration gonna handle those loans. Hmm. And Health and Human Services will take care of special needs and nutritional programs. Now, education Secretary Linda McMahon also weighed in speaking to c Nnn State of the Union saying federal funding will continue for essential education programs. Now let's take a listen to those comments from President Trump and Education SEC Secretary Linda McMahon. I don't think it's even risky a little bit. I think it's gonna be amazing. The outward facing programs that are gonna be affecting students are, there's not gonna be any defunding.


This is Rob Parker from the Odd Couple with Rob Parker and Kelvin Washington. The Toyota Tundra and Tacoma are designed to outlast and outlive. Combining raw power with precision engineering, all backed by Toyota's legendary reputation for reliability. Climb inside a tundra and experience the uncompromising strength with its available Eye Force Max Engine. The Tundra delivers exceptional power, torque and towing capacity. Plus the spacious and high tech cabin keeps you connected on the run. Or check out the Tacoma Agile, dependable, and unstoppable. The Tacoma's designed for those who go beyond the trails. Stay ahead of the pack with available off-road features like crawl control or break out your tunes with the available portable JBL Speaker Toyota trucks are built to last year after year, mile after mile. So outlast every adventure and outlive the moment. Buy a Tundra or a Tacoma today visit buy a toyota.com. Toyota's official website for deals. Or stop by your local Toyota dealer to find out more. Toyota, let's go places.


American Public University understands the challenges of balancing education with a busy ever changing life. Whether you're part of a military family managing PCS moves or a working professional juggling career in family, A PU offers the flexibility you need to succeed. Deliver online a's programs. Make it possible to learn wherever life takes you. And courses are offered in eight and 16 week formats with monthly start dates so you can begin when it's convenient and progress at a pace that's comfortable for you. A PU is committed to making education affordable for everyone. For active duty, military and their families, the preferred military rate is just 250 per credit hour. Veterans and their families can benefit from the Veteran grant, which provides 10% off undergrad and master's levels tuition. And for everyone else, the Opportunity Grant offers the same 10% tuition savings, making higher education within reach for all. Visit ap.aps.edu/military to learn more American public University education that moves with you.


The World is constantly changing. It's up to you to decide how to respond. Choose to be bold to try something new. Choose to reinvent yourself. That's what Nissan did with the all new totally reimagined kicks the dynamic new exterior styling and immediately announces that Nissan isn't messing around the interior. A completely redesigned cabin with premium features like wireless Apple call play and a panoramic moonroof make driving a kicks immersive and exciting. And with new performance and safety features like Intelligent All-Wheel Drive, the kicks is both fun and safer to drive than ever before. It is the dawning of a brand new era for the Nissan Kicks. Only one question remains. Is it a new era for you as well? Drive the all new Reimagined Nissan Kicks today. Available features compatible device service and consumer activation of Nissan Connect Services. Package required use only when safe and legal subject to third party service availability for more information. See Nissan usa.com/connect/legal. Apple CarPlay is a trademark of AppleLink Intelligent all-wheel drive cannot prevent collisions or provide enhanced traction in all conditions. Always monitor traffic and weather conditions.


Divorce can leave you feeling isolated like you're stuck on an island with no direction. But you don't have to go through it alone. At Hello Divorce, we guide you step-by-step offering everything from legal advice to financial planning so you can find your way back to solid ground. Start your divorce journey with the support you need@hellodivorce.com because you deserve a better path forward


For those programs. And so we wanna make sure that that funding continues in the departments where it needs to be. But at the same time, give states the opportunities to be innovative and creative with their teaching. So this is a part of the Trump administration's larger goal of strengthening state control over education. Meanwhile, the SBA also recently announced its cutting about 43% of its workforce to quote, focus on ending social policy agendas of the prior administration eliminating non-essential roles and returning to pre pandemic staffing levels. Here's a fun fact. 25% of the SBA workforce is black. So yeah, in other news, CTG, you've been calling for newer and fresher leadership in the Democratic Party.


While Senate minority leader Chuck Schumer, he says he's not stepping down. Okay? And in fact, he's standing 10 toes on and defending why he voted in favor of the Republican funding bill, or as he puts it, voting against a government shutdown. He made the comments on NBC's meet the press. Let's hear from Chuck Schumer. Look, I'm not stepping down and let me Just say this, Kristen, I knew when I cast my vote against the c against the government shutdown that it would be that there'd be a lot of controversy. The CR was certainly bad, you know, the continuing resolution. But a shutdown would be 15 or 20 times worse under a shutdown.


The executive branch has sole power to determine what is essential. Once again, if you keep telling me that a bill is terrible, you keep telling me that a bill was bad, but you signed it anyway without negotiating anything to me, that's just not a good situation. That's just not a good deal. I understand Democrats don't have much power, but you can negotiate something and if he did negotiate something, something he needs to let people know. Or on the flip side, if he actually did like the bill, but he's just saying it's terrible to save face, you know, with his base, that's whack too. I would rather him say, you know what, there's a lot of things in the bill I did like and, and And I I I voted for it. He's saying the shutdown would've been way worse, 10 times worse. Explain That to people then.


That that's essentially what he said in the audio. So Schumer's vote, of course, like you mentioned, has drawn criticism from some of his own party who say, Schumer should be opposing Trump's agenda at every turn. He went on to say the US is in a constitutional crisis following the ongoing fight between Trump and the courts regarding deportation flights. So any extra thoughts on that before I get into the next story? I don't, I don't think that you should, you know, push back against the agenda just because you don't like a person. That's what it just seemed like that she just said, she just basically said anything that Trump does, you gotta push up. Well That's what if people feel like that 'cause that's what they did to President Obama. Correct. You know what Emini here, but I think that's Benefits to people. You gotta go with benefits to people. Exactly. 'cause this is a bipartisan government. You have Republicans and Democrats and you need Republicans and Democrats to get things done.


So I I don't think, I don't agree with the logic of just pushing back because you don't agree, you know, because you don't like a person or because you don't like a party or because he's Republican. But I'm still saying negotiate bro. Like I get something for yourself before you just lay down and say, I'm gonna do it just because the alternative is worse. Right. Got you. So speaking of which, the deportation flights US Attorney General Pam Bondy says, the Supreme Court will get involved in the ongoing court battle over the Trump administration's deportation flights. Bondy told Fox News Sunday Morning futures, the federal judge who ordered the deportation flight stopped is overstepping his authority. Let's hear more from Pam Bondi, A federal judge trying to control our entire foreign policy and he cannot do it.


He's trying to ask us about national security information, which he is absolutely not entitled to. Mm. She might raise a good point there. Now, Bondy accused the judge of, of trying to set back US foreign policy and vow that the Trump administration would continue to fight the judge's order in court. Of course, this battle stems from the Trump administration's decision decision to deport illegal immigrants. It claims that our gang members, even after a ruling by us district Judge Jane Boasberg blocked the deportations. And that's your front page news. Follow me on social at Morgan Media and for more news coverage, follow at Black Information Network. Download the free I iHeartRadio app and visit us@binews.com.


Thank y'all. Make it a great week. All thank you, Morgan. Thank you Morgan. Now when we come back, beanie Man will be joining us. We're gonna kick it with Beanie Man. And also if you want hear a Beanie Man join, we gonna do a Beanie Man, A Beanie Man mini mix this morning. So don't go anywhere. It's The Breakfast Club. Good morning, The Breakfast Club. Morning everybody. It's DJ Envy. Jess. Hilarious. Charlamagne the guy. We are The Breakfast Club. Lauren Lar, fill in for Jess. And we got a special guest in the building. Yes, indeed. The King of Dan Tall. My brother Beaty. Man, welcome Zaga. How you, How you feel, man? I'm feeling good now. Good to see you, man. How does it feel? Well, how important is it to have access to America again?


Well, it's, it's a very important thing because when you don't have access to America, you have access to the rest of The World. But America is a place that you can work every week. Yeah. So really a nice accident. You Gotta get that money. Yes. You gotta get that money. He can. It's been 13 Years. Yes, 13 years. So For people that, that don't know what happened, because you are always here. I thought you even had a house here. You, Me, myself, don't know what happened. Oh, wow. But things happen, you know, we are Jamaican, so we getting a privilege to come to America. So I think something happened and they just beat everybody for it. But it's loose enough now. Everybody's being released in and everybody's getting their visa box. So yeah, it's a good thing.


People would Think that it was, it would be different because Trump's in office and he's actually trying to get people out. So people think it would be more difficult. But it wasn't. No, it wasn't. It was nice. It was a nice thing because it, it just gave me a chance to tour the rest of The World. I've been to Africa a few times then, but now I've been to Africa, like I lived there. I'm going to England. Like I lived there, going to Europe, like I lived there. So we get a chance to visit the rest of The World. I saw you bring up Maya on stage and that was like the first summit Miami Yeah. 10 years. Yeah. Right. For that moment. For you, how does that feel? Well, it, it is always a great feelings to work with Maya and Stage because she's a great performer, a great entertain, and a great person. And she have nice personality and people do love her. So she bring a different energy to the show.


You know, ready caught up in a, a club show or outdoor event. She always do good. And you know, as an artist, that is the type of artist that you need with you on stage. Are there other artists now that you've done collabs with in the past that are hitting you? Like, Hey, since you're able to perform in the US now, like we need to have that Maya moment too. Yeah, we, yeah, yeah, yeah. That's true. But you know, you have to just have the right time and the right place, you know? Yeah. Are you ever surprised about how timeless your music still is? Still to this day? Yeah. Well, you see, you, you cannot surprise when you make good music. When you make good music. It is lifetime music. As people always say, only playoff and singers of instrument will be there when the Gate of Zion is open.


So all you have to do is make sure that your music is there from your music is there, you are represented. Mm. Yeah. So it's when the gay design is open. So it just, it's a spiritual process. Yeah. Well Everything is a, is a spiritual process, you know, because life is a gambler. Every morning you wake up, you have to give back stuff. Yeah. Do you, do you feel the, the, it feels like they, people have been embracing dance hall music and, and reggae music more in the last couple of years. Right? We seen it with Bju, we seen it with yourself. We see it with vibes. Does it feel different now than it was, let's say 10 years ago? No. Well, it's especially Here in America. All right. The difference is the original foundation of the music is always there.


So it feels different because we are here now. It's not like the younger generation alone is out there trying to push the music. We from the nineties are here right now. So we still here doing the music as oh, we know the music to be. So that's the different feelings between the music three years ago from the music today because we are back. Why do you feel like the music from a couple of years ago doesn't transcend like those, that music from the nineties? Because they, they feel like they come and go, but now it's, people are going back to that era of music and back Of that feeling. Right. You see music always have a face, every music, hip hop r and b, each and every music in The World ever face. Sometime them mix the music with other genre of music and other beats mix up with it.


What do they call it? Fusion. Yeah. Sometimes infuse the music that that's what happened to Dance Hall. Dance Hall infuse. But don't get it confused because the artists, them, them really are speak lyrics and they're really chatting the same way. But I don't think they're getting across to the audience. Like, oh, we get across to the audience. So I feel like sometime when you are chatting some lyrics, you're straight like an highway. Sometime you have to have some curves. So sometime you gotta learn to sing, take a note, do something, make a difference to the music. So I think that's the difference between us. Like we are come and say memories only like people do with comedy. The past, it's a whole different genre of music. So now I am on this command.


You see, that's the difference. So when you have the music with a melody and more understanding and people can dance to and play for their kids and play for their grandma. 'cause Oldman come out at 98 and say, be in my DJs. It's feeling good to know that people like in those age and those categories can look at you and say, you sing my favorite song. So yeah. I I always wonder what that line meant, man. You said memories don't live like people do. Yeah. What do you mean by that? Like, memories don't live like people do. I feel like memories live longer. Yeah. You peak that, that That's what I'm saying. Duh. Goddammit, idiot. Jesus Christ. Oh my God. That was a moment of enlightening for you. Yes, it was.


Jesus Christ. That's Exactly what I'm saying. Do you feel like Afrobeats took some of the dance halls Thunder because it's, it's Came from, yeah, but it's, it's not only the Thunder, because you see The drum is from Africa anyway, so we took their jumps, you see, so that's how music is that come from Conga drums and all these drums. That's any drums you use from Africa. But we put in a different manner. 'cause we come from reggae music, which reggae music is the original one drum. But we just add tree drop to the beat so we can dance to it, rock to it more. We can do more styling. But what a music did it wake up Africa. Because there's a lot of people that live in Africa that live from dance hall music and reggae music all their life.


So if them come now with that, with that original sound, but she's not an original sound. They have a piece and still, but either is dead drums, so you can't argue with it. But if they come with the music that the country, the whole entire continent that Africa can follow, it is a great move because you have one city, you have 20 million people, you have one city, you have the next 26 million people. So if them can get all them people that to follow their music, The World is gonna follow. Yeah. So it's, it was a good move and a great just and, and their behalf. How did that first show in America feel when you came back? Like, did you have that, those butterflies or what? You haven't performing for 13 years. I know you, you're performing for different type of people.


You're performing for the working class. People that left work, go home, left home, go to work, this is their time to go out and party. So the only time them listen to a being man is either on radio or watching TV or on YouTube or you know, anywhere else, you know. But then don't really go to a Be Man show. So these are the type of audience that we have at this that's in the Garden show. But when, when you go on stage and you do the first and you the reaction from the audience, then you know you got them. You ever been on stage with an artist and didn't like how they was performing and snatched the mic from 'em or something like this? Well, sometimes you got Beatie has done that.


Yeah. Has done that. Yeah. I'm not gonna be like, yeah, no, I didn't do that. No, he, I've done that a lot time because sometime you, you call up, you have artists that jump on the stage and snatched the mic from you. You ever snatch it, but you don't want to disrespect him, say bring him out to the front and make the people that know that this is a young artist. He's trying, you know, Somebody came and snatched the mic from you. What I I incident was, was last year I was on the stage doing my thing, show what's in fire And I, the mic is gone. Everybody. What, who was it? Who did that? Some young kid, you know? So I have to Oh, I see it. Yeah. I have to make him know on stage right here that this is not how you do it.


You know? Yeah. And people want to take him off the stage. But I say that's leave him alone. Give him a chance. All right. Boom. Do what you gotta do. He never did. Well so I make it bad for him. Yeah, yeah, yeah. Because the people was getting really rowdy. So I have to get back the crowd to get in. Boom. Show is happy and up again. All we got more with Beanie Man, when we come back, don't go anywhere. It is The Breakfast Club. Good morning. Morning everybody. It's DJ Envy. Just hilarious. Charlemagne the guy. We are The Breakfast Club. We're still kicking it with Beanie Man. Now, do you ever have to prove yourself? Because like you, you got hard music, you got gangster music, but you got a lot of music for the women. Yeah, I'm the guy them sugar. That's Right. Did people ever think you was sweet for that and you had to prove yourself?


Like play if you want? Did that ever happen? Well, I, I think every time I go on a stage with other artists, I have to end up proving myself really? Not Beanie Man, the king of dance. Ho. No, but trust me, because you see, all right, when I'm on a stage show with everybody else, like say I'm on a some fest Bill, you know, not a Beanie Man in concert. So I'm in a, some, it took me to walk backstage and enough as I, I have to do just walk backstage and every artist is backstage because I matter, wonder if make a work, no, I make a work before him or all that. That was never my problem. Whether I work first in the middle, I close the show. My time is my time.


But what I like to do is watch the artists who working before me to see the vibes that they're pushing to know exactly what I have to do. Because if you stay back there or staring at your chalk under them and you don't know what vibes go on, the man that work the very first who took the show, and you don't know. So this, this is where I build my vibes. I build my vibes from your energy. No negativity, but your energy. So if I don't have to change the starting of the show, if I don't have to change the middle of the show, I don't have to. But you watch the artists and see other artists bring the crowd, you need to keep the crowd either high, that level or higher than that. So you always start, I get a middle, keep the people, them up and end with that energy that you need to end with because you end with the energy that you need.


What do you call it? An encore. But you, you can't do no encore 'cause your time is up. So you end with that energy people shouting for more. So this is the reason why I said you have a competition every night when you're gun stage. But when it's you in concert, the only competition you have is the energy from the people. Now, speaking of your concert and your tours, the name of this tour is the king of the Dance Hall tour. Yeah. I know. There's back and forth with Vibes Cartel and the fans trying to figure out King of the Dance hall. Yeah, but the de you're, this is the, the dethroning. This tour right here. Well, I not determining no one, you see, I don't come to talk about people. I'm a king hearts of my music and my longevity in the music and still being here.


I've been here since the eighties through the nineties and I'm still here doing the same thing period. So yeah, I don't have to compare myself with people. People try to compare theirself with me. It is a good thing because every artist that bust in this music business since me bust them compare me to them. So it is a great thing to your name caught up with it. Young, fresh artists. So it is a great thing. I'm not fighting it, not disputing it, but that's what it is. What it's, You think that's why one of the reasons artists always wanna challenge you though? 'cause you call yourself the king. The King. I don't, didn't call, didn't I call myself the king? I was Crown King. Oh, Oh, okay. Big difference. Yeah. And I also wanted to ask new music. Are you working on new music?


Yeah. Do you have New music? Yeah, I already, I'm I'm working on an album right now. Yeah. I got a new music out with me And I, it's called Guide of Us. Yeah. It's produced by Al Maga and majority of this album will be producing by me and Mcg. We're gonna have other producers. So yeah, we're working on a new album right now. But this is the, the new singer. It's called Gvo. Do you have to change any of your lyrics from back then? 'cause back then in the, in the nineties and 2000, there was words that we used that can't be used. Nowt Which ones, you know, which ones. Yeah, yeah. Is this song? Yes, the music is adapt and adjust.


So if that's what going on, you gotta adapt and adjust to the, to the vibe that's going on. Because in Jamaica we were just singing for Jamaica. We didn't know that the music is music going to go worldwide, international. Once the music go worldwide, international, you have to sing for The World to understand where you're coming from. So you have to make some adjustment. You ever look back and be like, damn, That's that. We used those words back then. That was the times though. Yeah, Those was the times. That was the time when we used to do the music that the way, like we love it. But now the people is into the music. You have to do music for people. So you're not doing we music my music, my music for me, you're doing The World music. So do The World a favor play what they want to Hear.


I love what you said earlier too about artists just doing the music and they were doing it just be, you know, just to get the calls and just to get the look. I feel like, you know, the reason people have always loved reggae music is 'cause it, it has a, a intention. Yeah. So, so what is your intention when you recall? All right, it's just to put it like this, when I just started out when I was like five years of age And I, I started do stage at age seven, I never know that money come with music. I never know that. Doing it for the love. Yeah. I do it because I, I was born as summer kid and music is what made me talk today. So can have a conversation. Oh, because I sing all the time. I sing everything. I used to sing the reading book in the school. I used to sing the list to shop everything so I can really talk.


So what I did the music for is to get my speech up to date so I can speak to people straight. So when I start to make money for music is when I used to go in DJ competition, DJ contests. You got 40 artists there. But I could do three things. I could sing, I could chart And I could dance. So I enter the dancing competition breeze. I enter the singing competition breeze. When I enter the DJ competition now is a difference because DJ Cho world and each other. So if you good enough, you can build a lyrics backstage. All you have a lyrics that already built. But incorporating a next guy name into it is, this is how the DJ business goes.


So sometime when I said I started out eight, five was a dj. People think I used to play music. Mm. I play music. Yeah. I play records, I play CDs, I play music. Because without you knowing music, you're nowhere in music. So the DJ and the competition and the interest in music, it just came from loving the music. It's not really, you know, you get up and said, I'm going to be rich because you never know that money, I never knew that money was into until I saw King Yellowman. He come out and buy a car and walk in Jewel around. I'm like, what? That's why you becomes when you becomes a star. So yeah, I try to fight to be a star. I love what you said about you.


You said you had a speech impediment and Yeah. You who taught you that? Like who said, you know what, if you sing everything, it'll teach you how to No, nobody taught me. Wow. I really do taught myself. So God just said, Hey, sing. Yeah. Yeah. I think that just come in my head and it's just bomb. Wow. Yeah, because every time I'm in school and the teacher call me up and give me the reading book, everybody know they're going to get something. So the old classroom is like this. Yeah, because they know I'm not gonna read that. Everybody know I'm a stomach kid. So they know there's no reading going on. So you had, when you had a bad experience, like the first time you had to read out loud or something, that's when You No, it's not really that I couldn't farm a full sentence in less than 10 minutes.


Trust me. It was hard. You have to sto your feet, beat your chest, do all different types of things. Yes. So I realized that when I started sing, I don't stop because as a kid you have to sing near, got a little lamp all down. I have a farm. Yeah, yeah, yeah. You sing all that, but you turn all of that into lyrics. So you just moved here and move from here and move from there. Move from there until he start to figure out that when you do this thing, it make you speak better. Never thought about doing the children's album and just singing all 'em songs. Thought about it all the time. But it is not really my thing. But yeah, it's a music thing, sir. So if I can get some reggae and some dance hall together and put some children's song together, but I rather might write my original children's song.


Yeah. More than go from Omar down to love. It's just incredible how God works. Like, you know, something that some people would look at and say, oh, this is an impediment. This might hold me back in life. It actually propelled You have to be who you are. Yeah. All we got more with Beanie Man. When we come back, it's The Breakfast Club. Good morning. Good morning everybody. It's DJ Envy. Just hilarious. Charlamagne the guy. We are The Breakfast Club. We're still kicking it with Beanie Lauren. I was sitting here thinking I remember you guys a diverses. Yeah. And I was wondering because during that time you couldn't, you, you're talking about how much money you make here in the us you couldn't come here. I hear a lot of us artists talk about how the verses that Swiss, that they do help them make so much money and the catalog numbers go up. What did it do for you at that time and how did it help? Because you couldn't come here in towards them.


Trust me, my Cadillac numbers go up. Like seriously. Right. My Cadillac is just, ah, my catalog becomes a Cadillac. Your Catalog became a Cadillac. That's Right. It just, and just move off. Like seriously. You get more listeners who never used to listen to you, you know, you got more streamers would never used to stream. So Yeah. And, and what happened? Did, did that police officer just walked in your house? Walked To the street? Yeah. He just walked inside. Just boom. Is that, is that how it works in Jamaica to just, just open the door and just come on in? Well, all right. Everybody was focusing on on what was going on. So nobody was focusing on, so, so for People that don't know during the verses, a cop just walked right into the room and was like, Hey, Hey, what's going on here?


I'm like, what? We got millions of people on the live now. So what you want to do him? He started talking about Covid and all this sudden, like, we are home. So he's talking like, you want to get serious stuff. Do you want to be that guy? He looking to himself. Yeah. So yeah, cop do that. They, because they feel they have a right anyway. They see like cars gather, even though the door, the gate is closed and is is indoor area, they feel like they're the police. So they have to come find out what's going on. It's not like they didn't know what's going on. They just want to come show their face. You know? I, I see with them at the time. But that the time we were taking a break.


That's why Lee could say what's going on. Yeah. Why was Trinidad and Tobago so mad? Just 'cause you say you ain't like, you don't like doubles, man. You see people get mad at things. Yeah. Yeah. I wasn't even not necessary for them to get mad. So, you know, that's why it goes And I don't think Trinidad and Tobago get mad at some people just trying to say that. Yeah. Yeah. That was the headline. Yeah. And it made it seem like the whole Trinidad was Matthew 20. That's crazy. Doubles. I watch you the airport And I take picture with Trinidadians every day I go to Jamaica, I take picture of Trinidadians and Tobes Bacons everything. So if they were mad at me, they would've tell me personally. And it, yeah. How do you, they probably whispered you. I don't like doubles either. Seriously.


Seriously. I was gonna say, how are you dealing with, with, with social media? Because you know, when you, we came up in the era where there was no social media. Yeah. But now Emini here, you walk down the street, people take a picture. How are you dealing with social media and people picking apart your life and Well, I, I deal with it because I don't have a phone. I don't have to look in it every day. You Say you don't have a Phone? No, I don't. That's A blessing. Oh wow. I don't even know what I would do. Oh, I got pee around me, got phones. It was very difficult to, for Yeah. Put there Instagram. No. Quick, quick little i story. That's a peaceful life. I don I don't do that. I don't do that because I got too much problems in my life. My real life. I got too much problems. I got, you know, not problem, problem, problem. But you got mouth to feet and you know, when, when, when you sit down and look on certain things, it, it bring you back, make you get mad and crazy over nothing because anything people say about you is publicity.


So when they come with all this technology and everything, regardless of you, is a part or a part of what this is a part of The World and this is what happening with The World today. So you can just adjust and adapt or just leave it alone. That's how I know you an original and you don't care about what other people think. Nah, I don't care. But a lot of times people have social media just 'cause they have a fear of missing out. Yeah. I'm, I'm not into that. I don't have a fear of missing out because I will always be here. Hmm. I sing sim simmer. Come on. That's Right. Sim sim sim. We have a producer named Sim Sim. So because you're such a positive person and like your spirit is so common, how do you deal with stuff? Like I saw when your daughter, you guys are going back and forth where she had made those statements and then you guys had to come up with a statement And I was like, I've never seen you.


I Involved, I was not going back and forth. No. People was trying to react to her because I always have this thing as I am father. She's daughter thing. Yeah. If she have a problem, she come to me. See, but you see sometime people that you think not going to do something, they're the one that surprise you. Like, ta-da surprise Your statement. You seemed hurt by having to even respond publicly to her trust Me position. 'cause you see the problem is he's only your own kid can make you feel a certain way. Mm. You see, when you dedicate your life to take care of a person and a person dedicate their life to bring your life down, you're gonna be hurt regardless of what Yeah. So yeah, she did hurt some feelings, but I move on And I get over there.


Y'all good Now? Yeah. No, but she's good. She's, she's a 30 day old woman so she know to balance up herself. She's all right. You ever question yourself like, what did I do wrong? Did I Something? Yeah. I always do that because when you know, it is always be one thing or the other. Either somebody asks for something and then they get it at the time when they want it. Yeah. And just take it out in you. But yours is yours. You work for yours, you know. So all you have to do is just be humble, mi it down and know that that's your daughter. You know, she speak ing and things that she's not supposed to speak about me. And it was all lies. So it's not true. So it's not like she burst on a secret.


The only secret she burst was talking about my


Maserati. Hey, it's Rich Davis from Covino and Rich. The Toyota Tundra and Tacoma are designed to outlast and outlive, combining raw power with precision engineering, all backed by Toyota's legendary reputation for reliability climate side of tundra and experience the uncompromising strength. With its available. I force Max Engine and Tundra delivers exceptional power, torque and towing capacity. Plus the spacious and high-tech cabin keeps you connected on the run. Or check out a Tacoma, agile, dependable, and unstoppable. The Tacoma is designed for those who go beyond the trails. Stay ahead of the pack with available off-road features like crawl control or break out your tunes with the available portable JBL speaker. Toyota trucks are built to last year after year mile after mile. So outlast every adventure and outlive the moment. Buy a Tundra or Tacoma today, visit buy a toyota.com. Toyota's official website


for deals. Or stop by your local Toyota dealer to find out more. Toyota, let's go places.


American Public University understands the challenges of balancing education with a busy ever changing life. Whether you're part of a military family managing PCS moves or a working professional juggling career in family, A PU offers the flexibility you need to succeed. Deliver online a's programs. Make it possible to learn wherever life takes you. And courses are offered in eight and 16 week formats with monthly start dates so you can begin when it's convenient and progress at a pace that's comfortable for you. A PU is committed to making education affordable for everyone. For active duty, military and their families to preferred military rate is just 250 per credit hour. Veterans and their families can benefit from the Veteran grant, which provides 10% off undergrad and master's levels tuition. And for everyone else, the Opportunity Grant offers the same 10% tuition savings, making higher education within reach for all. Visit ap.apus.edu/military to learn more American public University education that moves with you.


The World is constantly changing. It's up to you to decide how to respond. Choose to be bold to try something new. Choose to reinvent yourself. That's what Nissan did with the all new totally reimagined kicks. The dynamic new exterior styling immediately announces that Nissan isn't messing around the interior. A completely redesigned cabin with premium features like wireless Apple call play and a panoramic moonroof make driving a kicks immersive and exciting. And with new performance and safety features like Intelligent All-Wheel Drive, the kicks is both fun and safer to drive than ever before. It is the dawning of a brand new era for the Nissan Kicks. Only one question remains. Is it a new error for you as well? Drive the all new Reimagined Nissan Kicks today. Available Features compatible device service and consumer activation of Nissan Connect Services. Package required Use only when safe and legal subject to third party service availability For more information. See Nissan usa.com/connect/legal Apple CarPlay. A trademark of Apple Link Intelligent All-Wheel Drive cannot prevent collisions or provide enhanced traction in all conditions. Always monitor traffic and weather conditions.


Divorce can leave you feeling isolated like you're stuck on an island with no direction. But you don't have to go through it alone. At Hello Divorce, we guide you step by step offering everything from legal advice to financial planning so you can find your way back to solid ground. Start your divorce journey with the support you need@hellodivorce.com because you deserve a better path forward.


And I never want nobody know that I'm going to bring it in Jamaica. That was it. You have to have to deal with that with people. Like do people, you know sometimes like you might do something for a person 10 times, but that one time you don't do it. Yeah, But that, that's the Caribbean way. I don't think that is the Jamaican way. That's the Caribbean way. Yeah. You do a lot of good, lot of good, lot of good. And then do you ever notice that a guy got a $200 problem while you got a $2 million problem And this problem is more important than yours. That's right. That's what we face every day. Yeah. So people in life just have to face life for what it is. You know, it's either you just her or that or just leave life alone.


I'm not going nowhere. I'm still here. Yeah. Did you ever wanna leave Jamaica and live somewhere else? Mm. This is not my thing. But I, I've spent time in firing, but I have to go back home because first of all, my kids are there. So if I plan to leave Jamaica, I have to pack up everybody. And I am not planning that for now. The, you know, we all get older and you know, the older we get, you know, we have to change things about our lifestyle. The doctors tell you to slow down on the rum in Red Bull. Well, Doctor always say the slow down and everything doctor tell you to slow down And I grade they tell you to slow down on the rum in Red Bull. They always say that, but you are the one that feeling it. So you supposed to know, you feel doctor give you advice sometime you have to take it.


When them say critical, it is critical, you know. But if they give you time over time, you will get to balance it. So if you drink a buck layer rum today, drink half buck tomorrow, you start to drink quarter bottle, then you know you slow down. I Like that. So you don't just stop bra boom and then you get into I don't sense because I I I don't think rehab work for people. I think you have to rehabilitate yourself. Yeah. Seriously. But you can do that. You can jump back. It's still the same rum. You're just not drinking a bottle, you're drinking half bottle. When you reach a half bottle, then you just force it down to a quarter bottle and then you can go one drink a day. Emini here you can do that.


You believe in your health. So you believe in your life. You can last a little bit longer. Yeah. So Doctor, don't have to tell you that Is gonna be performing May 24th at the UBS arena on that's a Saturday, the King of dance hall tour. He'll be hitting the city. What other, what other cities you hitting? A lot of place we hit in Philly. We, we, yeah, it's, it's there. You can find it. But right now I can't tell you on top of my dates. Well New York is May 24th. I'm coming. You know the wifes Coming. Yeah. You can go to Ticketmaster. Ticket Master to Atlanta. Ticketmaster. Yeah. Just check out Ticketmaster. And they, they would tell everything I, I was supposed to come with a old thing of list and where we are going and what we doing. But I didn't know that I was gonna be here today.


So I have to cancel everything. I Know. I, I called him, I said, I called Beanie. I said, yo Beanie, how you come to New York and don't come by us? He goes, hold on, I, I changed my flight bridge And I be here tomorrow morning. So he changed his flight to get So I appreciate you but I knew that when you in New York City you had to come through. Yes man after To and we appreciate you Beatie man. It's The Breakfast Club. Good morning. Now the latest with Lauren is up next. Lauren becoming a straight face Off. She Gets them from somebody that knows somebody. She gets Into details. I'm the home girl that knows a little bit about everything. She'd be having the latest on this Lord the latest with Lauren la. Sometimes you have facts, sometimes you have details. Sometimes she have a little bit of everything. What was the latest on The Breakfast Club?


Talk. Talk to me. Calm down. Charlamagne. No, this Place ran like a high school man. No, shut up. What? Now? Down. Hey yo. Good morning Lauren. Good morning. Are we in homeroom? Hey yo, I guess. All Right, we in gym? Alright. Okay attorney. We don't even know what class we in. Damn. That's really bad. We low budget. Yes. Okay. All right. So Attorney Busby, remember I told you guys that he was having to withdraw from over 15 cases in Southern District of New York? Yep. With Diddy because he messed up. He didn't ask for permission to operate within the jurisdiction the right way. Yep. There was one case in Pertain pertaining to Diddy that Tony Busby wanted to stay on.


He had put in this request to stay on this case. It's a woman accusing Diddy of sexual assault back in 2004. And he said, look, let me stay on this case as pro hack Viche. Meaning you'll have local attorneys who will actually be doing like the, you know, the work, but he's kind of just there as a overseer. But he's asking to be able to work with these local attorneys. I don't know what it is about this one case and why, but he did ask to stay on that one. And over the weekend the judge said No, we are not even going to look at your request to do so. And more so the local attorney, there's a local attorney that he's been working with who's he's, he's been using that attorney's credentials to do the different filings and different things that they were using.


That attorney may be in trouble now because the judge said not only are we denying, you know, what you're asking to be able to do in this one specific case, but that local attorney that you've been working with knowingly was complicit in all your bs. So now we need to have a conversation potentially about what sanctions are gonna look like for this local attorney. Now I wanted to make sure I mentioned this because the last time we talked about this, I said those local attorneys who take this on, it may be bad business for them and the way that this judge has responded, I think that that's what we we're gonna see a lot of, any of those cases that move forward without busby, a judge is gonna now look and say how much did y'all know about him not following the rules? Because now all of y'all are crazy. What was that one case though? What was that one case specifically out of hundreds of cases that he wanted.


Do we know it's a, yeah so it's a woman. Her name is Candace. Hold on. I fit in my phone. Her name is like Candace McCreary or something like that. No, I'm just curious to why he just wanted that one case. Was it something that you know, that he had proof or whatever it was. I'm just curious why that I don I don't know exactly. I don't know if it was like a technicality thing where like maybe he did something on the background differently. He thought that he could like whatever. I don't know the exact answer to that yet, but I will get that for you. But Isn't this guy's credibility ruined at this point? It is. Isn't It okay to say that It's all crazy. I've never heard of the guy before the before the Jay-Z Diddy stuff, but it seems like his credibility is just ruined at this point. He really seems like a one 800, you know, joke of a lawyer. Yeah, I'm a little confused. 'cause again this stuff is very, he didn't even make it to Fair East Side high.


It's very elementary of Damn true. Yeah. Very elementary of him to do this. Well moving on Envy I we'll get that answer for you though. Thank you. But moving on real quick. Lizzo Young Miami Club Sheha, there are some things happening. So Young Miami was on Club Sheha with Shannon Sharp being asked a series of questions and they got onto the topic of women getting their bodies done. Let's take a listen to Young Miami on Club Sheha. Feel like society pushed women to get cosmetic surgery. Be it BL. Yeah. Fillers, things of that nature. When you got a at body, you like a little boy, you don't got no sex appeal. You this, you that. When you do get the BL, it's like oh my God your body pay. It's like if you natural they hit you.


If you got a BL they hit you. What, what, what, what do you want? Like people, I'm gonna just use this like Lizzo for instance. Yeah. Everybody was like, oh my god she's so bad, she looks so good now. And I was like, I'm you. She Had surgery. She done got Like yeah like oh my gosh she need to stop. Like what? Like pick a side. I understand what she's saying. You damned if you do, you damned if you don't. People gonna always have something to say. That's exactly, that's all she's saying. Right? That's Exactly what she meant. But Lizzo did not like that. That she took that a little different. She Ain't like that little what you mean She ain't like that little ll you. You didn't peep it 'cause of young Miami's accent. But she says and people like ew. Yeah But she ain't, she not the young Miami didn't say ll she's saying what people are Saying. Yeah, she was saying what people are saying And I don't know how Lizzo like didn't take it that way but you know she did.


Well let's take a listen to because Lizzo called young Miami on a stream and you know wanted to address the issue. Well she's so fat. Right, I remember that. But then they were like ew what is the ew I have to know When you you before like your weight loss, people used to be like, oh my god she ain't to lose weight. She too fat. That shit not cute. That's what I was pertaining to that part. Oh got you. Because you were like, and then she looked so good and people are like ew. Because Shehe was like, oh 'cause what? She did surgery or she did, you know what Emini here, she's on Ozempic or whatever was that I thought that you were kind of referring to. Actually I thought you were saying I got too little.


It's like you don't get surgery and it's like you got a little boy body then you do get a BBL L We don't like BBLs. We like natural bodies. So why would you get surgery? Like Yep. It's never enough. It's them if you do them. If you don't That's Crazy. There's no way Liz didn't Understand. That's crazy. And did she know she was that that young Miami noticed that she was streaming? I haven't seen anything that doesn't show that she does that she didn't know. But I also wasn't tuned into beginning to the beginning of the stream. Right. So I'm assuming that she knew that she was being recorded. But I just, I was confused how Lizzo didn't catch that. Or even if she did catch it and just wanted to use this as content for her stream. 'cause she can do that. Right. I don't know if it fared well for her because people are like, Lizzo you gotta relax.


Like yeah, you're taking this way too serious. If you are good with where you at now, why even bring this into your stream? Why even bring the conversation up? Yeah. And she was in her favor. Like young Miami was referring to what other people were saying. Like, you know, 'cause Yeah that that's the comments. Like Ill, And I, by the way, she don't look ill at all. She looks great now. I do hope she don't get too skinny, but she looks great. She looks amazing. You know what I'm saying? Yeah, Yeah. Her weight looks, her weight loss looks amazing. Yes. Young Miami should have just sent her five or 10 ill comments. That's all. This is what I was talking about because she probably trying to stay out the comments. Right, right, right, right. So the young, young Miami said, just here, look and read. Read this. This is what I was referring to. Yeah. Well that's Crazy. But she don't look ill. No she don't. But I get what young Miami was saying.


She was just simply, simply saying that you damned if you do, if you damned if you don't, people gonna always have something to say regardless. That's a cool point. Yes. Well, another club Shehe news real quick. I I did wanna mention this 'cause I think we're gonna bring it in right as a topic. Yep. Young Miami is getting dragged online right now because she saying she's not leaving her man after he cheats a couple times. Like she gonna stick it out Drop include bond for young Miami. Let's listen. Young Miami is on, she on fire. She 10 for 10 with this morning. Shut. Let's listen. Oh, you got the audio. We don't have it yet. We will have it. But basically she said, I think she said it, it takes her the first two to three times. She's not gonna Leave. The fourth time she gonna leave yet. But at the three, God Bless her, The, the first three times she's not gonna leave. But, but she said Black, black men don't cheat.


Black men don't cheat. But I'm just saying when the black boys do make mistakes as they're growing to evolve into men, okay man we can't just be up and leave talking about nah we, Let's take The audio. In reality, we all done gotta cheat on the stage. Everybody, if you really in love with your, you locked in, y'all been together. It is not easy to walk away. You got some women that's going to get the home. Yeah. Some women that, you got some women that's going I the first time they man cheat. They're out. It's not easy to walk away. Like after you done built something with somebody, y'all done been together for so long, it hurts. Of course you wanna leave but you're not just gonna leave like y'all love to get on the internet. You so don't you say it four times. Yes, I know plenty of in relationship they getting cheat on right now or bitch on and they know they cheating.


Some women just not leaving they men my first time. It's like, do hurting me. I can't believe you do this to me. Okay, cool. We might, we probably gonna get back together but relationship will never be the same Second time. It's like, oh okay, so you a cheetah third time I'm already cheated back. Fourth time out though, you gotta go. You Cheat back. Third time you already Cheated back already because sometimes you let him hang around 'cause he need to feel it like, okay hurt you. Like I'm gonna do what you did to me and then The you this and then I'm out because now you hurt Better than us. We always gotta be better. We can be better and we, we are better. But since we're better at doing it, it hurts you worse. And sometimes we just need y'all to feel it a little bit. Like take that, take that. Well that is the latest better At doing it. Oh am I allowed Say that we wouldn't caught, we talking about Young Miami for what?


In 2025? That take that shut up. Alright. That is the latest witch. Lauren. I Didn't mean to do it. Yes you did. After Charlemagne's dawn up the Phone lines. That's what we finding out about you. I know. 805 8 5 1 0 5 1. Ladies, how many cheats does your man get? It sounds like live video. K many crazy. That's what it she says. She you get three cheats with her. Mm. I'm just gonna sit back and watch this one. Me Too. I'm not, I'm not joking. 805 8 5 1 0 5 1. Ladies, how many cheats do, do you let your man have sound like a video game? We'll do that after Charlemagne Donkey. Who you giving your donkey to show A coach named Zi? Jim Zow. Jim Zow Come. Got the keys to. That's not funny. I that story.


It is funny. He needs to come in front of Con Gate. We like that word with him. All Right, we'll get to that. Next is The Breakfast Club. Good morning, wake up. Wake up. You're locked into The Breakfast Club Shale. Say the gang dunk at other shape. You are a Donkey. It's time for Donkey of the Day. Donkey of the Day does not discriminate. I might not have the song of today, but I got the Donkey day. So do you ever feel I need to be a donkey man With the heat? Yes. The Breakfast Club Bitches. Who? Donkey of the Day today. Oh, is my mic on? Well at Sharon Donkey today for Monday, March 24th. It's today the 24th. Lemme make sure. Yes it is. Goes to a former high school girls' basketball coach named Jim Zulo.


I say former, so happily and proudly because this man was so deserving of a firing. This is one of those mornings where I'm encouraging you to go watch Breakfast Club on Tuby. Our YouTube. Yes you can watch Breakfast Club on Tuby, but Jim Zulu was the coach of the Northville Central School District Girls basketball team. And there was an incident that occurred following North Phil's loss in the Class D State championship game. See on an online stream of North Phil's game, Zulu was seen pulling the hair of a senior named Hailey Monroe dropping the loose bombs for Hailey Monroe. As the team was waiting for their medal presentation, the coach yanked her ponytail. Let's go to a BC News 10 for the report please.


Northville girls basketball head coach Jim Zulo, a New York State basketball hall of famer was fired late last night following a post game incident with one of his own players. After North Phil's loss in the Class D championship game, Zulo was seen on the NFHS network broadcast pulling the hair of senior Haley Monroe as the team waited for the medal presentation. The video has garnered a lot of social media outrage. Zulo told news 10 A, B, C that Monroe directed an expletive toward him after he instructed her to shake hands with the opposing team, which is what he says led to the incident in a statement the school district said in part quote, the Northville Central School district is aware of and deeply disturbed by the conduct of the coach of the girls varsity basketball team.


Adding that the district will be following up with the affected players and their families to provide support and outline the actions we are taking in response to this incident. I see stories like this And I believe in the stork because there is no way that somebody carried this young woman for nine months, pushed her out, went through this excruciating pain called labor, and this guy Jim Zow isn't walking around with his jaw wired shut today. Okay? It's just impossible for me to believe that this dude would have the audacity to unmitigated God to do something like this to someone else's child. Okay? Now I'm all for the village. It takes a village to raise a child, but everybody in the village shouldn't have the same authority. Okay? Now, I grew up in an era where anyone in the circle could put hands on you, all right?


From parents to grandparents, aunts, uncles, principles. If you was in the cab of an adult, that adult had permission to put hands on you. I don't agree with that philosophy And I damn sure wouldn't agree with that philosophy in 2025. So the adults got all types of trauma they haven't worked through and they be projecting it on to kids. Okay? Won't do that to mine. So I don't care. You know what this guy Jim Zow was going through, whatever frustration he was feeling, you don't take it out on my child, but yanking her head the way that you did, grabbing her by the ponytail and giving it that tug the way you did. You damn near gave this girl whiplash because you mad about something. And once again, where was this? Young girl's, parents, a brother or uncle, somebody that smack fire outta Jim Zulu.


Okay? At least put the fear of God in him something. I also don't understand how you can be an adult and you're supposed to teach kids to have better conflict resolution skills when you don't have better conflict resolution skills. I get it, you just lost the championship game. Emotions are high. You told her to do something, she didn't do it. That's your story. But you're the adult, you're the leader. You're supposed to teach these young ladies discipline, teamwork, how to handle adversity and how to live with loss. Okay? You know how many quotes about losing you can Google. Okay? Lionel Messi said there are more important things in life than winning or losing a game. Morgan Wooten said, you learned more from losing than winning. You learn how to keep going. Alex Morgan said, winning and losing isn't everything.


Sometimes the journey is just as important as the outcome. Now, other than Lionel Messi, I don't know any of those people, okay? But I Googled and all I gotta do is say those quotes came from Serena Williams, LeBron James, and Glow Rilla and Damnit. These kids will be motivated and they will live the play another day. Okay? I could actually quote Gorilla after a loss for real. Okay? All I gotta do is say, listen kids every day the sun won't shine. But that's why I love tomorrow, okay? You Jim, let your emotions fumble your professionalism. And Donald Trump needs to sign an executive order that says if an adult assault your kids in any way, you can assault them back. You can't go further than assault, can't kill 'em, but you can administer a retaliatory ass whipping of some kind.


Okay? F all that when they go low, we go high nonsense. It's a silly philosophy, A silly philosophy, but don't listen to me. Listen to the author of the 48 Laws of Power, Robert gre. It was the old thing of when they go low, we go high, throw that in the toilet please. And flush that down. That is a stupid philosophy when they go low, maybe we go a little bit lower than we normally have, but we're gonna fight. You have to show them that you're gonna fight and do something equal to what they're doing. That's right. So they back off. That's right. You don't necessarily have to do it, but you have to show, give a demonstration that you're going to be tough. There's a line in the send that they cannot cross. That's right. Or you're gonna make them pay for it. If they never have a sense that they have to pay consequences for what they're doing, they'll go further and further and further and further.


It's a deterrent strategy. The other side, the enemy, the rival has to feel that they're gonna pay a prize for doing something unethical or that's against the rules. Please let Remy ma give Jim Zow the biggest. He haw Hee-haw, hee-haw. You stupid mother. Are you dumb? Certain lines you can't cross. That's right. And tugging my child's ponytail after a loss is one of em. I agree. Simple as that. But I'm sure they probably gonna sue that man. They gonna sue a school and they gonna get All that they should and shout out to her teammate. I don't know her teammate's name, but shout out to Hailey Monroe, teammate for standing up. Young sister, you know, for her for, for, for her. I still wanna know where the men was at though. Yeah. That's crazy. Alright, well thank you for that donkey today. Yes indeed.


Now let's open up the phone lines (800) 585-1051. If you just joining us, we're asking how many cheats do you give your man, ladies. Now this conversation comes from young Miami. She was doing an an interview. I think she was on club, she she club sheha and she was talking 'em about cheating. In reality, we all done got cheated on the state. Everybody like if you really in love with your, you locked in. Y'all been together. It is not easy to walk away. You got some women that's going to get the Yeah, some women that, you got some women that's going I the first time they man cheat. They're out. It easy to walk away. Like after you done built something with somebody, y'all done been together for so long, it hurts. Of course you wanna leave, but you're not just gonna leave like y'all love to get on the internet. You so don't.


You said four times. Yes, I know plenty of s in relationships they getting cheat on right now or bitch shit on. And they know they cheating. Some women just not leaving. They man, I, my first time is like, do hurting me. I can't believe you do this to me. Okay, cool. We might, we probably gonna get back together, but our relationship will never be the same second time. It's like, oh, okay, so you a cheetah third time. I'm already cheating back. Fourth time out though. You gotta go. And the question is 805 8 5 1 0 5 1. How many cheeses do you give your man? We'll get into when we come back is The Breakfast Club. Good morning, The Breakfast Club. Steady calling my Phone, calling my phone, Man. It's topic time.


Call 805 8 5 1 0 5 1 to join into the discussion with The Breakfast Club. Morning everybody. It's DJ nv, just Hilarious. Charlamagne the guy. We are The Breakfast Club. If you're just joining us, we're asking 805 8 5 1 0 5 1. And we're asking ladies, how many chiefs do you give your man? Now this conversation comes from Young Miami on Club Shehe. This is what she said. In Reality, we all done got cheats on the state. Everybody right. If you really in love with your, you locked in, y'all been together. It is not easy to walk away. You got some women that's going to get the Yeah, some women that, you got some women that's going I the first time they man cheat. They're out. It's not easy to walk away. Like if you don't build something with somebody, y'all done been together for so long, it hurts.


Of course you wanna leave, but sure. Not just gonna leave. Like y'all love to get on the internet. You someone don't You say it four times. Yes, I know Plenty of s in relationship. They getting cheating on right now or bitch on. And they know they, some women just not leaving they men my first time. It's like, do hurting me. I can't believe you'll do this to me. Okay, cool. We might, we probably gonna get back together, but our relationship will never be the same second time. It's like, oh, okay, so you a cheater third time. I'm already cheating back. Fourth time out though. You gotta go. Now Reginae also spoke about her man cheating. And this is what she said. To be honest, I'll break up with you, but if you want me back and we're like together And I feel like you changed, I'm gonna be good. I'm gonna be cool with you. But if I feel like you still doing the same thing, then we just cool.


Like we just homies we could. I know you, so it's like you right there. But I'm not gonna take you serious. So you should know that if you cheat on me once, I'm not gonna take, if you, you cheated on me And I be like, okay, I'm, I'm done with you and you trying to get me back and you still doing the same thing. I ain't gonna take you. So you give at least one chance. Three.


This is LaVar Arrington from Two Pros and a Cup of Joe. The Toyota Tundra and Tacoma are designed to outlast and outlive backed by Toyota's legendary reputation for reliability. So get in a tundra with the available I Force Max hybrid engine delivering exceptional torque and towing capacity. Or check out a Tacoma with available Afro features like crawl control. It can take you beyond the trails. Toyota trucks are built to last year after year, mile after mile. So don't wait. Get yours today. Visit buy a toyota.com for deals and more. Toyota, let's go places.


American Public University understands the challenges of balancing education with a busy ever changing life. Whether you're part of a military family managing PCS moves or a working professional juggling career and family, A PU offers the flexibility you need to succeed. Deliver online APUS programs make it possible to learn wherever life takes you. And courses are offered in eight and 16 week formats with monthly start dates so you can begin when it's convenient and progress at a pace that's comfortable for you. A PU is committed to making education affordable for everyone. For active duty, military and their families, the preferred military rate is just 250 per credit hour. Veterans and their families can benefit from the Veteran grant, which provides 10% off undergrad and master's levels tuition. And for everyone else, the Opportunity Grant offers the same 10% tuition savings, making higher education within reach for all. Visit ap.ap.edu/military to learn more American public University education that moves with you.


The World is constantly changing. It's up to you to decide how to respond. Choose to be bold to try something new. Choose to reinvent yourself. That's what Nissan did with the all new totally reimagined kicks. The dynamic new exterior styling immediately announces that Nissan isn't messing around the interior. A completely redesigned cabin with premium features like wireless Apple called Play and a panoramic moonroof make driving a kicks immersive and exciting. And with new performance and safety features like Intelligent All Wheel Drive, the kicks is both fun and safer to drive than ever before. It is the dawning of a brand new era for the Nissan Kicks. Only one question remains. Is it a new era for you as well? Drive the all new Reimagined Nissan Kicks today. Available Features compatible device service and consumer activation of Nissan Connect Services. Package required use only when safe and legal subject to third party service availability for more information. See Nissan usa.com/connect/legal. Apple CarPlay is a trademark of Apple Link. Intelligent All-Wheel Drive cannot prevent collisions or provide enhanced traction in all conditions. Always monitor traffic and weather conditions.


Divorce can leave you feeling isolated like you're stuck on an island with no direction. But you don't have to go through it alone. At Hello Divorce, we guide you step by step offering everything from legal advice to financial planning so you can find your way back to solid ground. Start your divorce journey with the support you need@hellodivorce.com because you deserve a better path forward.


The resonate. So resonate card that says three Jess. Hilarious. How many cheats do you give? I Don't give, I'm not giving nobody no cheat. You know what I'm saying? Like I just don't give that, you know what, Emini here. So each his own, I know every woman is different. I'm not in no capacity. Like no. If I find I especially and I've been cheated on in the past, no. Like no, you don't give out cheats. You don't What kind of conversation is that? Like? Yeah. A so you got three times and then I'm done. You know what? Emini here And I don't give you nothing. I find out you did it. I'm done. That's It. Okay, well let's go to the phone line. You Don't, you don't have nothing to contribute to this conversation. I don't Do you? I know y'all don't. Well, I do. I have a little something. Hold, hold On Lisa, we got here Charlamagne one time, just a little. I agree with all the women that have spoken this morning.


I agree with young Miami. I agree with young Baltimore. I agree with Young Carter. Okay. Because if you love somebody, you'll figure it out and make it work. You know, by the way, women Emini here, men are not the only ones out here cheating. Okay? There is men taking back women that cheat too. But what Regina said is true. The best apology is changed behavior. What Jess said is true too. You don't tell a man that he got a three cheap man, right? That sounds wild. I don yourself up. You got two. Impossible. Now that sounds crazy. Yeah. You don't tell a man, you know what? Emini here, but if a man does make a mistake, you know, or originate said is true too. The best apology is changed behavior. So if a man is willing to actually change his ways and grow, then you know he might be worth it because we've, we've all been there.


I've been that guy. And then There's levels to cheating. You know what I'm saying? Like there's levels to it. You could be flirting with somebody in the dm. You could be, it don't always have to go to sex or you know what? Emini here, like you sneaking, creeping around town with somebody. It, it is different levels of cheating And be You've evolved. I have. Yeah. And I don't talk about it anymore. I don't talk about my past. I keep my past and the past. Sir, We don't talk about bru No, no more. We don't talk about Hello Lisa? No. Yes. Now I'm reading this and it says when you were younger you had four cheats in you, but now you 32 and you only got one cheat in you. Yeah. You, you gone after the first time. I can't, I'm not dealing with it. So what I tell me, I used to allow, I used to allow, you know, multiple cheats when I was a dummy, but now I don no, not going for It.


How many cheats? How many cheats should you be allowed if you get caught? None. Because I don't do that. I have, you know, after they cheat, I cheated And I have been that person, but I don't even wanna know. Okay. It just cut tie. Alright, thank you Lisa. Cassandra. Good morning. Hey, good morning. Now how many cheats do you have in you, Cassandra? No, this Monique not Cassandra. Oh, I'm sorry. Monique. Monique, how many cheats you got in you? Monique? So I, I I don't know the exact number. I just think it depends on how disrespectful the cheating situation was. Like how far you went. Like we dazed and you done cheated on me and got somebody pregnant. That's, that's probably one I might be like, all right, I can't do this no more.


Like, but I, it just depends on I think the situation. Okay, but, so if he cheats one you, you, you, you gonna give him a shot? You gonna give him a chance? I may give him a shot. Like, if it was like, okay, you know, we didn't, we didn't forgave some, some I done forgave a few people in my day. But it just depends on like how everything played out. Like what really happened. Like, did you go and did you cheat? And like, what was the situation like? Was you out here in public, posted up with this chick? Or like asking Me, you know, Like I feel like it, it's levels, it's levels to the cheating. Okay. Yep. Thank you mama. So like she said about, you know, if you cheat and have a baby, so for instance on loving hip hop, right?


Atlanta, you got Rashida and Kirk, Kurt cheated on Rashida and he had a baby. But I do understand what Young Miami says in a sense. Like, yo, you can't just leave. They, they have businesses together. They're married multiple businesses. Okay? And everybody was saying like, yo, you should have been left him. He had a baby on you. But Rashida's like, yo This's not just my boyfriend, this is my husband, this is my partner. Like he's my manager. Like we have businesses and stuff. It's just that we decided to keep the baby. So It's not just that Easy to walk Up the, it not just that easy to walk away. All right. 805 8 5 1 0 5. One of you just joining us, we're asking how many cheats do you give your man? Let's discuss this. The Breakfast Club. Tell us If y'all talking about it, you know, we talking about it, it's topic time.


Call 805 8 5 1 0 5 1 to join into the discussion with The Breakfast Club. Morning everybody. It's the JNV. Just hilarious. Charlamagne the guy. We are The Breakfast Club. Now, just joining us, we'll open up the phone lines (800) 585-1051. We're asking how many cheats do you give your man? This conversation comes from Young Miami on Club Shaha. Let's listen After you done built something with somebody, y'all done been together for so long, it hurts. Of course you wanna leave, but sure. Not just wanna leave my first time. It's like, you hurting me. I can't believe you would do this to me. Okay, cool. We might, we probably gonna get back together, but our relationship will never be the same second time. It's like, oh, okay. So you a cheater third time. I'm already cheating back. Fourth time out though.


You Gotta go. Now let's go to the phone lines. We got Lexi on the lines. Lexi, good morning. Good Morning. Oh my God. Happy new day y'all. Hey Jasmine. Happy new day DJ Envy. Good morning. How Y'all doing? What's your thoughts? We good? So yes, my man did cheat on me twice. First time I told him, okay, I know you're still young, you're still figuring yourself out. Second time I left and he begged for me to come back. It was actually my first and only time seeing him cry. And I did really want this to work. So I know he's been through a lot. I try my best not to judge people because I know I'm not all the way perfect myself. I'm not a teeter, but I have areas of improvement as well.


So yeah, I told him that, you know, after this time, like that's it, it is done and over with. And he, he is been a lot better. I've seen that he has a potential to be a great man. So I'm just, I'm really just giving him another chance. See? Okay, so twice you gave him twice. I gave him twice after the third time. No, I'm leaving. What If you find out about it all at once? Like he might have cheated with like four or five different people, but you find out about it all at Once. So you find out that he's a serial cheater basically. It depends on how it just, that's hard. Yeah. It depends on how long ago it was, I guess. I don't know. It depends on how long he's been, he's been good because I would think it's easier to deal with Right.


One shot opposed, as opposed to finding out about it five different times. Exactly. And if it's current, like if it's in the past then and you can still be a better man, then it's okay. Does the person's looks matter? Like if the person's ugly, does it matter or that doesn't matter? See, that's his White though. See that used to happen to women. Like I I it that I even had a situation like that. Like somebody cheated on me with somebody who was not, you know, attractive. Mm. And I was like, dang you, you did it with that. But would I have been happier if she was prettier or more attractive to me? You know what I'm saying? It's like, that's just the antics of it that don't, it don't even, it shouldn't even matter what they look like. It matters that they cheated, but I used to care about what they look like. What if The girl look just like you?


Crazy. That's a tribute though. That is That What you mean? You're a child. That's A tribute. Excuse me. Hello? Who's this? Hello, this is is Lori. Lori, good morning. How many cheats do you give Lori? I think it's a sliding scale. It depends on how much money does he have? Like how good does he look, how long we've been together, what type he's competing with. Like all of that comes into play. So you care about how much money he has. So if he has a lot more money, you gonna give him a little more, couple more chances. Right? Because how you gonna have the audacity you broke and I'm carrying you and you got the nerve to be cheating. That's crazy. Mm. Damn. All right. Thank You boy. Yeah, see I ain't think about that. When you, you broke cheating and I'm like helping you And I take care of you.


Oh yeah. Nah, something got to give like, nah, you gotta get outta there. Hello. Who's this? Hi, this is Ellie. Ellie, good morning. How many cheats do you give Ellie? I say just one, but I kind of agree with young Miami. Yes. Okay. Like I can see what she's saying, how she would like give up to four. But I think she's really saying that like after the second one when she says you're a cheater, she's already checked out of the relationship at that point. She's saying like, you know, she knows he's a cheater at that point and her heart just isn't even into it anymore. Okay. But then what is the relationship that I don't think we can really say like we know what we would do.


I think I wouldn't give him a chance again after like I would forgive him one time, but I don't know if I, I would give him another chance after that. I don't think I would. But if I did, I still, I don't think even if I stayed, I wouldn't really be into it and I'd be kind of in the back of my mind like planning my exit and thinking about like what the next step was gonna be. So then at that point, is it worth it Emini here? 'cause if you, if you're in a relationship that you're already mentally checked out of that you just, you know you're staying for what? You know what Emini here, it serves no purpose for either one of you. Right? Right. Well Emini here, I there kids involved or you know, depending on if it's a marriage or Gotcha.


Gotcha. Yeah. Or it might be like financial situations. Yeah. Or you know, that kind of thing as well. Okay. Thank you Ali. So what's the moral of the story guys? Don't cheat on me. Like that's it. You know what Emini here, like we're not passing 'em out like hall passes. Like no, this is not, you get to because like you setting yourself up, like if a guy actually has, he knows he has these chances. You don't think you gonna take them. Absolutely. You can be three hall passes basically. Yeah. You know what Emini here, if I know I got two times to do it or even one time to do it, I can have my cake and eat it too. For real? Yeah. Like I just know not to do it too many times. The moral of the story is black men don't cheat. Hmm?


Black men don't cheat. Which ones? Huh? Which Ones? No, I'm telling black, black men don't cheat. Oh. See like black men. Oh, you changing it up. Black Boys cheat black men don't. But nice. That too. That too. But I'm just putting the word of encouragement out there. You know what I'm saying? Black men don't cheat Black men comma, don't cheat. Don't cheat. Yeah. So there's more advice. All that's all. All Right. We got the latest with Lauren up next. So don't go anywhere as The Breakfast Club. Good morning, The Breakfast Club. Morning everybody. It's DJ Envy. Jess. Hilarious. Charlemagne the guy we are The Breakfast Club. Let's get to the latest with Lauren. Lauren Becoming the street face. She gets them from somebody that Knows. Somebody knows she gets the details. I'm the home girl that knows a little bit about everything and She be having the latest on the, the latest with Lauren la sometimes she, sometimes she have details, sometimes she have a little bit of everything.


Well, what's the latest on The Breakfast Club? Talk to me. Okay. So real quick, I wanted to go back to the last news update that we did. You had asked a question envy about Busby and why he was moving the way he's moving around this one particular case. Yep. That last Diddy case where he was saying, Hey, let me come in as pro Hec Viche, where he would work with a local attorney. What that mean? So that basically means you have a local attorney who's in jurisdiction. Who, so who can work within the Southern District of New York, because that's just their main district. That's What Vi Vic you mean Pro Hack Viche? That Ja Rule album. Stupid. Oh, okay. Whatever. I'm just trying to Learn here. It's basically like he, he, he wouldn't hang out with the homies in the jurisdiction. Like yo can use their license checking in like, yo, can I come use, Can I work with you?


Right. I did wifi. Yes. Basically, lemme get your wifi pastor. Right. Got you. Gotcha. So, so I reached out to Attorney Busby because I was trying to better understand it. And what he says to me is that the day that he found out that Jay's team had filed a grievance with that committee that said, Hey, no, you did this wrong. You didn't ask for admission. Here was the same day that he also found out that his admission was denied. So he's saying that he found out a month in basically late. So he says no. So this is nothing other than once my admission was surprisingly denied my ethics counsel. So he has counsel that's like working with him ethically to make the decision of what's best to do here. Says that it's best to file a motion formally to withdraw until we obtain formal admissions.


So they're like, look, just withdraw, take a step back. It's causing too much noise. And then we'll figure out the admissions later. But then at the same time, he found out he was not admitted to practice within his district. Right. So then I went jurisdiction, I went back to him and said, but specifically why this case? And he says, it's basically like it's, it's just been all being conflated. Everything was happening at the same time, even though it looks like it wasn't. And he's saying that it's actually wrong. According to Attorney Busby, it is wrong to use the grievance procedure as a weapon in a case. And I, that's what he's, he feels like it's being used against him. He says, I will deal with it and do course. The most important thing is pushing these cases for the alleged victims who had the courage to come forward. He wanted to make it clear, the reason why this happened is because his ethics counsel said, first let's file the pro hack Viche, which is what he filed, and then let's worry about the grievance.


But everything hit at one time. I hope that made sense and explained it. Did it. It did. Okay, got it. All right. No, I don't care. Okay. But it, it was good information for somebody. Yeah. I just wanted make sure we had the questions answers. I don't want nobody, you know what? Emini here, fair Issa High. I'm trying to make sure everyone is educated when they lead this time. Somebody Gotta be Joe Clark. You. Hell, Let's keep moving. Hell no. Hell no. Let's keep moving y'all. All right. Now where are we going next? Okay, so Malik Yoba. Malik Yoba is saying that he no longer identifies as a black man. Malik, You on this again? Malik. Cut it out. Now, last time you was up here with people that didn't identify as something, it was just a mess. Right? Stop. It was, It was a mess. Let, let's take a listen to what Malik Yoba said.


I decided that I'm no longer a black man, no longer a person of color. Bipoc. None of this when I am is a non-white man. And I think we should all just start calling ourselves non-white. So they're gonna have to figure it out and Just say that explicitly. No DEI. No bipoc, no references to blackness. I'm a non-white woman. I'm a non-white. All of us Asians, Latinos, black people, everybody call it what it is. I'm just non-white. And let them rebuke that. Let them refute it. Let them come up with something that just says, we like all non-whites. Excuse me. We don't like all non-whites.


Did he say I'm an all white woman? He said I'm a non-white woman. He basically is saying, instead of saying I'm a black man, Just say I'm a non-white man. Instead of saying I'm a black woman, I'm a non-white woman. Hmm. And this, and this is a movement that he's trying to start. Amen. To get What exactly. I remember the last movement he tried to start, he tried to start it right here on The Breakfast Club. And that didn't turn out for him. He turned out well for him. He tried to be transgender. Jesus. Oh God. He tried to die for transgender. I'm confused. Malik. I remember that. Yeah. I Think, I think I'm confused. I don't know if he trying to just be like a little bit like funny with it or what, but what I think he's trying, this is him trying to fight back against ho like DEI like, here's how we get around it. Y'all. I found a loophole. Mm.


And you know, but is He identifying as a woman too? No, he was giving examples. Oh, Emini here. I didn't hear it that way. I don't know. They, these people already know you non-white. Like they don't have to say it. They know you're non-white and that's why they're treating you accordingly. Like, just because you changed your label don't mean nothing. They can look at you and see you're non-white. Malik the same. Yeah, I'm confused. Malik, I'm confused. I'm sure, I'm sure he'll call me later on. I'm confused. Mm. Yeah. Well, Did you remember when Malik came up here the last time? Y remember that? I, I do. Oh, okay. I wasn't here. I don't remember. But I do remember New York. York, they, they flipped on Malik was he thought. And he, his his heart was in the right place. His heart. Yes. His heart was in the right place.


It was, I think it is here too. But with the heart of a woman did not agree. Oh, the trains flipped on him. What? Whoa. Crazy was his was in the right place. He was with them. Yes. Real flipped on him. The real neo undercover. So now Not real New York Undercover. It sounds like his heart is in the right place again, but the but the nonwhites going flip on him or have they already flipped on him? I don I know the non-whites didn't take well to this. You And non-white. Are you Nonwhite? I'm not a non-white. I'm black. I'm proud to be black. I don't know about nothing about that non-white stuff. Okay. I think we're all just trying to make sense of it first. I'm not. Right. Right. Like, as a, as a community, I think we wanna understand it. Y'all Better stop trying to make sense of people. That ain't making sense.


That's the problem. I'm Confused. You know what we have in order to make sense of some things that are happening in the media and the news right now. But, but real Malik yo is welcome to come up here and have a discussion about it. Hang on. He like, y'all take me serious. You'll come first. He gonna call me today. Please pause. We pause You don't forget it. Forget it. It be, you know, I'm gonna ask you to call him 'cause we do need, that would be a great interview bitch out. But in order for, we have something to clarify. Emini here something that will help clarify all of this type of, you know, these topics and this entertainment stuff. Essence just broke a story that the latest with Lauren la Rosa is set to premiere on iHeart Media and Charlamagne the God's Black Fest podcast network. You know what I'm saying? Charlamagne. Thank you.


So I have a podcast that will be launching Thanks Jess. That'll be launching on March 31st. It is a daily entertainment news and trending podcast. I want to take a listen to the trailer so y'all can understand what I'm about to be getting. Oh, Y'all got a trailer already. Period. Celebrity drama. Drew Sadra. They're giving a vibe as if she's dating Portias. Oh my God. Check music, movies and viral moments. Y Union came out and said that she was doing 50 50 with Dene. Wade, I have that audio just in case you didn't remember. So let's listen to that. Check. Exclusives. Come on, on y'all. Y'all know I got that over here. Wherever Lauren Says, Lauren the show with all the hot takes zero filter. Welcome to the latest with Lauren la I'm Lauren la and I'm gonna be bringing you guys where pop culture meets personalities.


And over here baby, we are doing all the things. Gimme my tens 'cause we gonna have a good time. Come on. So it's a daily podcast. Daily. Yep. Monday through Friday you'll be getting bite-sized news exclusives and people probably like, well you do that at The Breakfast Club. So what's about to happen now? So this is more details, more details, more extension. There will be stories that I'll talk about on the podcast that we might not talk about in the room. Might not get to Yeah, you'll get to know me a little bit better. And every now and then I'll bring on a friend or two bonus episodes. Like it. It's gonna be a good vibe. So What, what wig you wearing? Well, I did ask that question. He did offer for, for the cover of the deal. Asked for the cover. He said wig. Yeah. What wig was it? I Ain't seen it though. The vibe is in my, my my show Art.


You know the Vibe is not a wig, but Mahogany Brown, who I'm wearing right now, she'll make some appearances. And then we have some other girls that'll be joining us because we launch on the 31st. March 31st is the first episode drop. Okay. Everywhere you listen to podcasts and on YouTube, Lauren la Rosa tv, you'll see some visuals. So we'll be switching it out for the girls. Okay. Congrats. Congratulations. Alright, well that is the latest with Lauren. Up next we got the People's Choice Mix. It's The Breakfast Club. Good morning. Wake up. Wake up. You're locked into The Breakfast Club. Morning everybody. It's DJ Envy, Jess, Hilarious. Charlamagne the guy. We are The Breakfast Club. Again, salute to everybody that were out that was out in Detroit. Shout to Mike pps, our dj that is club.


It was a Alpha convention, so salute to all the alphas that I seen out there. It was a a great event. Hey, salute to everybody who listens to us on WJLB in Detroit, man. 97.9. We appreciate all your support in Detroit. What up though? You know who? I ran into Hill Harper. He ran into Hill. Harper's a helpful Oh wow. Yeah, he's a, he's a Alpha, so he was there too as well. So salute to Hill Harper and then salute to everybody that was in Charlotte for the BCIC tournament. Really, really, really dope. I love the city of Charlotte, man. Hopefully CIAA comes back to Charlotte. It needs to, right. How was the event? The parties Emini here? Just the whole, oh, you didn't go to the actual game after what Wes was saying when he was up there. Nobody goes to the game. I know, I know, I know Emini here. I didn't make it to the game. I did. I did go to all the parties.


The parties were popping. Shout to Louis V, but I didn't make it to the game. Shout Out to Louis V. But I said shout to. I said, but shout out to Louis V. Shout What? What is a good ass weekend? Huh? Yo girl. Yo, Jesus. That's what he say. Anyway, and this weekend I will be in Norfolk, Virginia with Martin Lawrence. We're gonna be at the Chartway Arena and then next weekend y'all can get y'all tickets. I'll be headlining in Rally North Carolina or Raleigh, I don't know. Rally or Raleigh always. I've been saying like that for years. So it's Raleigh. Okay, cool. Meet me at the improv. April 4th and fifth, we got four shows, two shows that Friday. Two shows that Saturday. Get your tickets@jessofficial.com or improv.com.


I'll see you next weekend, Raleigh. Alright. And also salute to Beatie man for joining us. He's on tour, the king of Dan Hall tour. He's actually gonna be touching down in New York City on the 24th. So salute to Beanie Man. This is first time back in America, what? 13 years? 13 years. That's crazy. Yeah. So salute to Beanie Man. All right. When we come back, we got the positive notice to Breakfast Club. Good morning. Morning everybody. It's De Envy. Just hilarious. Charlamagne the guy. We are The Breakfast Club. It's time to get up outta here.


Charlamagne, you got a positive Note? It is. But first I want to tell everybody, man, make sure you go get your tickets for the third annual Black Effect Podcast Festival happening Saturday, April 26th at Pullman Yards in Atlanta. Now listen, we've been doing this for three years. Y'all do this every year. The Black Effect Ultimate Fan package, those are all sold out. Okay, y'all do this all the time and then y'all be mad because you know you don't get a little bit of the extra, but you shoulda got your tickets early. But all the Black Effect Ultimate Fan packages are sold out. But we still got some general admission tickets left and the student tickets. You know, student tickets are half off of general admission tickets. So go to black effect.com/podcast festival to get you tickets. You know some of the best podcasts on the planet that'll be on that stage. The Good Moms Bad Choices podcast will be there tanking. Jay Valentine will be there doing the RB Money podcast. Sarah Jake Roberts will be there doing her Woman of all podcast. You probably saw her preaching yesterday at the Potter's House. She'll be on stage doing her podcast live. So go get your tickets, black effect.com/podcast Festival. It's all hosted by Decisions. Decisions. So we'll see you Saturday, April 26th, Pullman Yards in Atlanta, Georgia.


Now the positive, notice this, please don't ever get tired of being a good person with a good heart. I know it sucks being taken advantage of and feeling like it's better to be cold hearted sometimes, but people like you are what give this world hope. Have a great day. Breakfast Club. Bitches do. I'm finished or y'all Done.


Hey, it's Rich Davis from Covino and Rich. The Toyota Tundra and Tacoma are designed to outlast and outlive. Combining raw power with precision engineering, all backed by Toyota's legendary reputation for reliability. Climb inside of Tundra and experience the uncompromising strength. With its available. I force Max Engine and Tundra delivers exceptional power, torque and towing capacity. Plus the spacious and high-tech cabin keeps you connected on the run. Or check out a Tacoma Agile, dependable, and unstoppable. The Tacoma's designed for those who go beyond the trails. Stay ahead of the pack with available off-road features like crawl control or break out your tunes with the available portable JBL. Speaker Toyota trucks are built to last year after year, mile after mile. So outlast every adventure and outlive the moment. Buy a Tundra or Tacoma today, visit buy a toyota.com. Toyota's official website for deals. Or stop by your local Toyota dealer to find out more. Toyota, let's go places.


American Public University understands the challenges of balancing education with a busy ever changing life. Whether you're part of a military family managing PCS moves or a working professional juggling career in family, A PU offers the flexibility you need to succeed. Deliver online APUS programs make it possible to learn wherever life takes you. And courses are offered in eight and 16 week formats with monthly start dates so you can begin when it's convenient and progress at a pace that's comfortable for you. A PU is committed to making education affordable for everyone. For active duty, military and their families, the preferred military rate is just 250 per credit hour. Veterans and their families can benefit from the Veteran Grant, which provides 10% off undergrad and master's levels tuition. And for everyone else, the Opportunity Grant offers the same 10% tuition savings, making higher education within reach for all. Visit apu.apus.edu/military to learn more American public university education that moves with you.


Divorce can leave you feeling isolated like you're stuck on an island with no direction, but you don't have to go through it alone. At Hello Divorce, we guide you step by step, offering everything from legal advice to financial planning so you can find your way back to solid ground. Start your divorce journey with the support you need@hellodivorce.com because you deserve a better path forward.


This is John Cameron Mitchell and my new fiction podcast series, cancellation Island Stars Holly Hunter. As Karen, a wellness influencer who launches a rehab for the recently canceled In the future, we will all be canceled for 15 minutes. But don't worry, we'll take you from broke to woke or your money back. Cancellation Island's revolutionary rehab therapies like bad touch football, anti-racism, spin class, and mandatory ayahuasca. Ceremonies are designed to force the cancel to confront their worst impulses, but everything starts to fall apart when people start disappearing Herein. Where have you brought Us? Cancellation Island, where a second chance might just be your last listen to Cancellation Island on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts.