
I'm a good lawyer. And. I. Wanna win on August 22nd? I think a gt, she needs someone who is going to fight for her. If we don't follow the right plan, we lose his


series. Reasonable Dow returns on Hulu. She was defending herself against a monster starring Emma Yi Aldi, I'm the best lawyer you have ever worked with. And Morris Chestnut, I'm not gonna stop. I think I love it. Love it. Never underestimate the power of attorney. Always bet on Jacks reasonable doubt. New season premieres August 22nd streaming only on Hulu


Gear up for outdoor adventures. With the 2024 Nissan Pathfinder, this mid-size SUV is designed for Epic Journeys, offering spacious seating for eight available panoramic moonroof, and an available intelligent four-wheel drive feature with seven drive modes. To take your off-road experience to new heights, discover the 2024 Nissan Pathfinder at Nissan usa.com. Intelligent all-Wheel drive cannot prevent collisions or provide enhanced traction in all conditions. Always monitor traffic and weather conditions. Towing capacity varies by configuration. See Nissan Towing Guide and Owner's manual for additional information. Always secure cargo.


Most deals are barely worth mentioning, but then there's at t's best deal on the new Samsung Galaxy Z Flip six. You can get it on them when you trade in your eligible smartphone any year, any condition. It's a deal. So good, you'll be shouting from the rooftop. So grab a ladder and learn how to get that new phone on At t. At t connecting changes everything requires Trade-in of Galaxy, S note or Z Series Smartphone Limited Time offer, 256 gigabyte for $0 additional fees. Terms and restrictions apply. See att.com/ Samsung or visit an at t store for details


Every week on Talk Easy with Sam Fragoso. I invite an artist, writer, or politician to come to the table and speak from the heart in ways you probably haven't heard from them before. Some of my favorites are with Tom Hanks, quest Love and Kate Blanchet. In recent weeks, I've talked to actor Dan Levy, director Ava DuVernay, and the editor of the New Yorker, David Remnick. You can listen to talk Easy on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts.


In a world where TikTok didn't exist yet, the comedy of a Mexicano Across Borders, the Heart of America. Sonoro iHeartPodcasts Network present. How did a Mexican writer become a symbol of global television? Listen to iHeartRadio, apple Podcasts, or wherever you stream podcasts.


You guys, this is history what you've done, what Shot you guys have built, a platform that influenced ai. Breakfast. Good s Most, Dangerous, Morning, Show. Break the Fuck Up Breakfast. Good. DJ Envy every play record I made it just hilarious, Jesse. She don't spare Nobody Charlemagne to God. What Made you think the vi of controversial questions would take his part? I like This show. Thanks. Breakfast Club. Good morning. USA Yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo, yo yo. Jess is out. What up Lauren LaRosa. Good Morning, y'all. Charlemagne the Guy. Peace to the Planet is Monday.


What's happening? Yes, it's Monday. Back to the work week. Good morning. How you feeling out there? I feel blessed Black and Holly favored another day to serve our beautiful listeners, man. How y'all feeling? How was y'all weekend? How you feeling, Lauren? I feel great. My weekend was great. Went to my first car show ever. That's right. Thanks to Envy. And it was so cute. There was this little boy there, and they were like, oh my God, he wants to meet Envy, but he's so scared to go over. I was like, come on. And the way that he reacted is from seeing the car. I was like, I understand all the madness now. Yes, I get it. I remember being a little kid and watching cars ride by and be like, oh, that's gonna be my car. And I got that same feeling back. And I was like, oh, my niece should have been here. It was a great car show. Envy you. Really? You, you, You be doing that. Thank you, thank you, thank you. It was over 7,000 people. And shout to that young boy. That's what the car show is about.


We do that all day long. You got a lot of kids in there that are shy and, and they see their favorite celebrities or they see their favorite car and they're so excited. So what we try to do is we try to take some of those kids and, and let 'em sit in their first car, let 'em take pictures, let 'em experience it, and they never forget those memories. So I just wanna salute to everybody that came out to the car show. I wanna salute to all the vendors, everybody that brought their car, all the celebrities that was kind enough to lend me that car for that day and, and, and trust me with their vehicle. I want to salute Lincoln Tech. Lincoln Tech is my, my biggest sponsors each and every year. So thank you. Tina Lincoln Tech. Thank you. Monster Energy. Thank you to East Chester Jeep that actually gave somebody a free two year lease. A brother, he, he won that, so congratulations to him.


Oh, I miss that. Yeah. Get A two. I heard you. Good. Dad, congratulations to Hawthorne Chevy. Hawthorne. Chevy did the same. Oh, like I needed a car. Yeah, True. Gave a lady in there a, a free two year lease where You know they have the car for two years. So salute to that and just salute to everybody. Man, we had such an amazing time. All the food vendors, it was just a great day. No problems, no situations. Just a big family fun day. Just one kid that went missing three times, he went missing three times. Three times. I heard Red say, if You know c CJ's parents, please come to the stage. Your child is, your child is looking for you. He was missing three times. I don't know if his parents went to the ball, if his parents went to go get some food, but he was missing.


So salute to everybody that joined me this weekend. And the last one we gonna do is Memphis with PRE, which is do's label and Ke Glock. So I'm looking forward to that as well. All right. Now what you do this weekend, Charlemagne, What did I do this weekend? I had my knife annual back to school Drive Fish Fry in Monks Corner, South Carolina. So that's what I did. You know, made sure the kids had their book bags and school supplies and all of that good stuff. That's Right. Yeah. And I. Forgot to shout out House of Experts who gave kids free haircuts all day long. From 11 to six. He was cutting kids here for free for back to school. And we gave backpacks as well. So, salute to you, John, from House of Experts You know what I did as well last night I went to go see the Harlem Globe Trotters.


Yo haven't, like, even like, wow. Where were they at? The Harlem, One of them last week. Where, Where at? He's actually outside the building. I forgot which one. Oh, okay. I They still do all the like tricks and all that stuff. The trick is like a, a huge show. They had a, they played at the American Dream Mall in Jersey. And the Harlem Globetrotters If, you don't know. They, they're a basketball team that does like tricks and jumps and dunks and flips and it's a, it's a show That's Real childhood memories right There. What? My kids loved it yesterday. Yes. When I say they had such an amazing time, they enjoyed the Harlem Globe Trotters. So salute to the Harlem Globe Trotters it, it was a dope show. I used to, I used to watch it as a kid, 'cause the kid, the, the tickets were cheaper than going to see a professional team. So my parents would take me all the time. But salute to the Harlem Globe.


Trotters had a great time watching 'em yesterday last night. My parent, my kids loved it. Alright, well let's get the show cracking lead. Daniels and Andrew Day will be joining us this morning. Yes. They got a new movie. The Deliverance is in theaters. Some select theaters now start streaming on Netflix August 30th. That's right. And we're gonna kick it with them in a little bit. And when we come back, we got front page news. DNC starts today. DNC starts today. DNC starts today. I'm sure Morgan will fill us all about that. So don't move. It's The. Breakfast. Club. Good morning. Good morning everybody. It's DJ Envy. Jess. Hilarious. Charlamagne the guy. We are The. Breakfast. Club. Now Jess is still out on maternity leave and we got Lauren LaRosa filling in and let's get in some front page news. Good morning, Morgan. Good morning. Good morning y'all.


I'm broadcasting from Chicago You. know the DNC is going on this week and let me just rewind and say hello to you guys. Happy Monday. Happy Good morning. Hey, Hey, hey. So let's back up just a little bit on Friday in case you missed it. Vice President Kamala Harris. She laid out her economic plans if she won the election in November in a speech from Raleigh, North Carolina on Friday. Harris said bringing down the cost of living and ending the housing shortage will be her priorities in her first 100 days. Let's hear more from Harris in North Carolina. I will be laser focused on creating opportunities for the middle class that advance their economic security, stability, and dignity.


When I am elected president, I will make it a top priority to bring down cost and increase economic security for all Americans. My plan will include new penalties for opportunistic companies that exploit crises and break the rules. And we will support smaller food businesses that are trying to play by the rules and get ahead. I know it might sound a little bit more complicated than it is, but You know the, when she says she wants to rebuild the middle class, when she wants everybody to have the opportunity to own a small business or the opportunity to own a home or put more money in working class people's pockets. That's things I can get with You know, talking about bringing down the price of You know food and groceries.


Groceries. I can give you that. Yeah. And most, most people will get with that. Yeah, I was gonna say, how about this one though? She also advocated for boosting the child tax credit and increasing housing construction and a federal, of course you mentioned the federal ban on groceries. I mean, I know y'all got kids, so that tax credit could be really nice. But I think it's a very fair question that You know, asked You know just to say, Hey, you are the vice president now and that administration has been in there for the last three and a half years. Why wasn't this done done three years ago? You Know years ago. Why wasn't that? Hey, I mean that might have been, that might be one of her ticket items that they claim. She's not gonna deviate from his stuff, but You know moving on. She also announced plans to provide. Okay, we talked about that. The $6,000 credit. So VP Harris and her running mate were also on the campaign trail together over the weekend.


They kicked off their bus tour in Pennsylvania. Governor Walls and Harris were greeted by crowds at the airport in Pittsburgh before boarding the campaign bus for Rochester. Sorry about that guys. Both Harris and Trump campaigns are targeting an battleground state with former President Trump set to hold a rally or he also held a rally in Pennsylvania as well. Let's hear more from Harris in Pennsylvania. Very much consider us the underdog. We have a lot of work to do to earn the vote of the American people. That's why we're on this bus tour today. And we're gonna be traveling this country as we've been and talking with folks, listening with folks and hopefully earning their votes over the next 79 days.


Yeah, so despite Harris being favored over Trump in recent polls, she continued to maintain that she will be active on the campaign trail. Also on the campaign trail this weekend was former President Donald Trump. He was also in Pennsylvania. Trump spoke to a crowd of supporters in Wilkes Bear on Saturday, claiming America be would be worse under a Kamala Harris presidency. Let's hear more from Trump. Joe Biden hates her. Okay. Hates her. This was an overthrow of a president. Kamala Harris is a super left liberal who ruined San Francisco, ruined a California and delivered a badly broken economy, a badly broken border under Kamala Harris and Crooked Joe Biden.


The American dream was dead and it is dead. It's dead as a doornail, they'll never bring it back unless we win. I don't think Trump wants to be there no more. Yeah. I really truly feel like Trump don't wanna run no more Feel You. know what's crazy that you see That? I feel like Trump wants the Republicans to do to him with the Democrats. Did the Biden pull him out? Yes. Put me outta my misery. You know what? No You know what's crazy. After the assassination attempt and he started and he was on the stage that first time he spoke publicly and he said I shouldn't be here. That was the first time that I was like, wow. Like maybe he really feels a way. But You know people around him might have people around him might have You know, Hey, you got it, you got it, you got it. And maybe he's just You know doing what he gotta do for people. I think it's an ego thing too.


No, I think it's from, it's a form of PTSD man J just get shot at. Let's be clear. Yeah, that's right. You know what I mean? And and your response to trauma is just stay busy. Just keep him out there. Right? Keep him out there. Keep him out there. Yeah. I don't think he wants to be out there no more. When he said the other day that if Kamala Harris wins, he'll move to Venezuela. I'm like that man ready to go now he outta here. I mean he got shot at, I mean I'm, I'm sure he is like f this. Not to mention facing all the criminal charges he's facing. That's at some point you gotta be like, man, this ain't worth it. You know what, ain't None of this really worth it. You know what? Tired of the, I can go back to Celebrity Apprentice. So Not good. Alright, well at his front page news, we'll see you next hour Morgan. Yeah, We'll talk or we'll hear from the vice presidential nominees.


Alright, everybody else get it off your chest. 805 8 5 1 0 5 1 If. you need to vent. Phone lines are wide open again, let us know how your weekend was, what you did and all that good stuff. 805 8 5 1 0 5 1 is The. Breakfast Club. Good morning The. Breakfast Club. Hey what doing man? Call calling. Yo, This is your time to get it off your chest. Whether you're mad or blessed. 8 5 8 5 1 0 5 1. We want to hear from you on The. Breakfast. Club. Hello, who's this? Oh hi, it's Esther. Hey Esther. Good morning. Get it off your chest. Okay. I just wanna say I was out in Monkey Corner this Saturday for Charlemagne event and it was very nice.


The fish was great. There was also a Jamaican food truck there that was giving out free food. There was a lot of nice fender. The kids got their book bags. I had four grands with me and the haircut. My nephew got a haircut and it was very nice. It was a very nice event and just the right timing also. Thank you very much. I appreciate you coming out. I really do. Thank You. It was lovely. Lovely. Thank you very much. You'll be there again next year. Next year it'll be the 10 year anniversary. Thank you Esther. Lovely. I'll be there. And I'm a new recruit to South Carolina as well. Oh well You know I do my, I do my Turkey drive in November as well. So you can come out and get your free Turkey at the same place.


Berkeley High School student parking lot in November. Okay, well I will definitely do that. And listen, Charlamagne, I would like to have one of your books. Do you have anything for me? Yes, Mac. Put her on hold and make sure she get a copy of Get Honest The Die Line Watch Small Talk Sucks. That's my, my latest book. Hold On. And I. Love Her voice. It sounds, it reminds me of like radio, old school radio. Yes. It flew to the mini Mart, Caribbean Grocery and Cuisine. That's who had the food truck out there providing the, the free Jamaican food Saturday. And my dad was frying official sl to my, my pops cowboy. Hello. Who's this? Hey, what's up? This Jay from North Carolina. What's up Jay from North Carolina. Get it off your chest. Hey man, I just wanna let everybody know it's not in his state. Everybody know the cowboy the Super Bowl every year?


Yes. It's we going this year. We going this year, baby. Let's go. Oh gosh. Sole man. What's up king? I'm blessed black and Holly favor man. I like your optimism man. We going to the Super Bowl this year, baby. Goodbye delusion. You saw us. We saw us. Went over so beautiful. We won over the weekend too. Oh yes. Hey, before you hang up over it, man, check this out. When you go car show to North Carolina, man to the nine one Oh You know what we, we think about doing it next year. We were supposed to do it this year, but I think maybe next year We only do three cities here. So this year we did of course New York, New Jersey. We did Shreveport with 50 and then we gonna do Memphis with PRE and Ke Glock on Labor Day weekend. So we going, wait, I think, I think next year we'll do the Carolinas. Alright. Hey Lemme know man.


I had your cowboy jersey. Wait. Oh on. There you go. There you go. Goodbye man. Why you gotta go there with it? Why you gotta go there with it? Hello? Who's this? Michelle? Hey Michelle, get it off your chest. Okay, so I'm an Uber driver and If you are getting into an Uber's car. You don't ask them who they're here to pick up. You tell them your name because you have their picture, their car make model and license plate. And also make sure the address that your, that is right because y'all be having us in the wrong address. And sometimes it's dangerous for us to be posted up at somebody's house if y'all typed in the wrong address. I will have to say this though, sometimes with them, those Uber apps you put in the right address and then they pin where you're at and then it, it don't be us, it be the Uber app.


Yeah. And then you gotta walk around trying to find people. Find you. Yeah. Now your hair is sweating out. It's just a lot. We'll we'll we'll help you out. But you guys gotta help us out too. And some of them Ubers gotta be a little cleaner. No, mine is clean. But make sure if, if if it's wrong then just text us. Y'all don't y'all be waiting for us to call y'all and text y'all. Y'all got to text us. Let us know. Alright Michelle, you be what? What? What's your name? mha. Michelle. Michelle. Thank you. Y'all have a good morning. Alright Michelle. Thank you. Get it off your chest. 805 8 5 1 0 5 1. If. you need to vent. Hit us up now. It's The. Breakfast. Club. Good morning The. Breakfast Club. It's a new day. This is your time to get it off your chest wake. Wake up.


Whether you're mad or blessed, it's time To get up and get Something. Call up now. Five eight five one oh five one. We wanna hear from you on The. Breakfast. Club. Hello, who's this? Chrisy, how are you? Hey Chrisy. Good morning. Get it off your chest. Chrisy. Okay, so I'm a teacher and every time I turn around I keep seeing like these memes or these Facebook posts that's like, oh well teachers are going on vacation and now they asking people to clear their Amazon list. And I'm like, why do y'all get the impression that it's my job to take care of your child? The Amazon list is not for us, it's for the students who can't afford on my Amazon list is pencils and glue sticks and scissors, things that parents should be provided, even things that the district should even provide.


But yet they sit here and they make these jokes and I'm like, You know what's not fair. We're already un underpaid. But then you turn around and expect us to provide our own supplies. If, you worked at McDonald's, they wouldn't expect you to come with your own bachelor. If, you were a doggone custodian. They wouldn't expect you to come with your own doggone broom. I just just feel like a lot of people don't get it. That teachers are out here trying our best to help those that can't help themselves. But yet you got nothing but parents that's making jokes. I'm like y'all the main ones that the kids come in with. Balenciaga on their feet but not a pencil in their hands. Mm. Now If, you got on your feet and not a pencil in your hand.


Boy, you talking about having your priorities all messed up And where you calling from? Mama? Oh Definitely Houston, Texas. Okay. We appreciate you. And did school season start yet next Week? Oh yes, I'm up early 'cause we got volleyball practice Down south school already started. Yeah, down south to start. Start goes back next week. Yeah, we start after Labor day. Got you. Well have a good one, mama. Appreciate you. Thank you. You're Welcome Buddy. Have a good one. Hello, who's this? Hi, this is Shama calling from North Carolina. What's up? DJ Envy Char Bene guy El Lauren la Osa. How you guys doing this morning Please, king. Good morning Shama. Get it off your chest. Today's my first day of my junior year of college at Fayetteville State University. Okay. I just want some words of affirmation from you guys before I start my first day of class.


I got one for you. Oh, go ahead Lauren. Cs get degrees. Cs get degrees. Jesus. I don't, I'm four. You don't got time for that. Delaware. Mediocre. They said I got a 4.0. I'll tell You First of all, don't say mediocre. I was a full scholarship. I'll talk that. Talk my, Okay. Okay. My words of affirmation to keep God first. Stay humble and keep working. My brother. There You go. Thank you so much. Yeah, I'm a communication student so I need that from you guys. Appreciate It. I would just You know what, why, why you in school. I know you got one more year. Well, a year and a half 'cause these classes are already in the books. But I would just tell you You know, take classes outside the box. Like take classes you normally wouldn't take because you gotta pay for it anyway. And if, if If, you could just see something that you might not be thinking about that you might be interested in.


I just wish I would've took college more seriously and took classes outside of the box and and enjoyed it more. So take classes outside of your box bro. Course. So start now. Like start your branding. All right. Are you branding? Do You know your social media on point? Yeah I already, yeah, I already do that. A If. you wanna follow me on Instagram? It's Shami cook tv. S-H-I-M-E-I-C-O-O-K-T. I'm already start, I already got my podcast and radio stuff already up and running. I've been doing it since I, before I even got to college. So I've been branding myself, a marketing myself. There you go. You know all that stuff. So I'm starting somewhere but I just need You know some people in the business and that that you guys are, get some mores of affirmation. Especially 'cause I'm a transfer.


I need some You know some new schools. So I'm trying to get some words of affirmation and some, some encouragement. Okay. Yes Sir. Well get out there and bust ass and have a good one brother. Alright. It's the breakfast of good morning. There you go. You already practicing. I like that. Get it off your chest. 805 8 5 1 0 5 1. Now Jess is on maternity leave. We got Lauren LaRosa filling in what we got. Yeah. So Skye Jackson. Remember we talked about her domestic violence? Yep. Situation. We got some updates there. And then we also have some updates in the passing of Be King. Okay. All right. We'll get into all that when we come back. It's The, Breakfast, Club. Good morning The. Breakfast Club. Morning everybody. It's DJ Envy.


Jess. Hilarious. Charlamagne the guy we are The. Breakfast. Club. Lauren LaRosa is filling in for Jess and let's get to Jess with the mess with Lauren. LaRosa music is real. Jessica Robin Moore just don't do no lying. She don't spare. Nobody don't. Why? Jess worldwide mess on The. Breakfast Club. She's the coaches. Who With Lauren? Lauren LaRosa. I back And. I got the mess. Talk to me. So today in the mess we are kicking off with Sky Jackson. We have an update. So we reported before that she was in LA at Universal City Walk. Got into it with her boyfriend. She was allegedly on video shoving him.


So they were detained. Police came, she was charged with domestic battery. It the LA DA has decided not to move forward with the charges for domestic battery. So they're saying that there isn't enough evidence to bring the case to trial. So because of this they're gonna let it go. And I had mentioned this before, like I'd never really seen her in any issues like this or whatever. She doesn't have any crim criminal background, anything like that. So I mean at this point she's gonna move on and be able to just live her life. But it was super viral online. So I guess was there video of it? So in the beginning, yes there was reported to police that there was video and police were using that.


I guess the video of the shoving or whatever they had to be able to bring those charges. But the DA is saying it's not enough. So maybe the shoving is being described as one way, but the video itself I we haven't seen the video might not fully be what the DA is A is gonna classify as and her As a woman domestic. Him being a man.


Hibernation season is over and it's time to get some sun outside. Gather your crew and hit the road in the spacious 2024 Nissan Pathfinder your gateway to larger than life adventures with spacious heating for eight and available panoramic moonroof. Everyone can enjoy the journey and soak in the scenery of the great outdoors. Plus with an available towing capacity of up to 6,000 pounds in an available intelligent four wheel drive feature with seven drive modes, you can take your favorite toys while venturing on new terrains. Seize the thrill and start exploring with the 2024 Nissan Pathfinder today. Head over to Nissan usa.com to learn more. Intelligent all wheel drive cannot prevent collisions or provide enhanced traction in all conditions. Always monitor traffic and weather conditions to when capacity varies by configuration. See Nissan Towing Guide an owner's manual for additional information. Always secure cargo.


Every week on Talk Easy with San Fragoso. I invite an artist ride or politician to come to the table and speak from the heart in ways. I imagine you haven't heard from them before. Some of my favorites are with Tom Hanks, Margaret Atwood, Questlove, Kate Blanche, and Oscar Isaac. If that sounds like a varied group of people, it's because it is. I always wanted to make a show where one week we could sit with a politician like Beto or work the next, an author like Ninja Lee or TV Titans like Bill Hader and Quinta Brunson. Basically this is a podcast driven by curiosity and an abundance of research conversations where people actually start to sound like people. In recent weeks I sat with Dan Levy, Ava DuVernay, Benny Ty, and the editor of the New Yorker, David Remnick. You can listen to Talk Easy with San Fragoso on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts or wherever you get your podcasts. I hope to see you there.


I'm Angie Martinez. Check out my podcast where I talk to some of the biggest athletes, musicians, actors in The World. We go beyond the headlines and the sound bites that have real conversations about real life, death, love, and everything in between. This life right here, just finding myself just, just relaxation this not feeling stressed, this not feeling pressed. This is what I'm most proud of. I'm, I'm proud of Mary because I've been through hell and some horrible things. That feeling that I had of inadequacy, it's gone. You gonna die being you. So you gotta constantly work on who you are to make sure that the stars aligned correctly. Life ain't easy and it's getting harder and harder. So If, you have a story to tell If you come through some trials with you, you need to share it 'cause you're gonna inspire someone. You're gonna, you're gonna give somebody the motivation to not give up, to not quit. Listen to Angie Martinez, IRL on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts or wherever you get your podcasts.


It Is summer and on NPRs Planet Money podcast. That means it is time to grab your notebooks and your headphones and tune into the economics crash course for your ears. Planet Money Summer School is covering the economic history of The World from the birth of money to the Industrial Revolution to modern trade policy. We've got the lessons to keep you sounding smart at the beach with help from real economic historians Every Wednesday until Labor Day. Listen to Planet Money from NPR on the iHeartRadio app or wherever you get your podcasts.


Back in 1969, this was the hottest song around Of the Season. So hot that some guys from Michigan tried to steal it. High, high, high of the season. My name is Daniel Ralston. For 10 years I've been obsessed with one of the most bizarre and audacious cons in rock and roll history. A group would have a hit record and quickly they would hire a bunch of guys to go out and be The group. People were being cheated on several levels. After years of searching, we bring you the true story of the fake zombies. I was like blown away. These guys are not gonna get away with it. Listen to the true story of the fake zombies on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts or wherever you get your podcasts.


And I'm sure it plays a role into it as well. Probably didn't look as serious on the video, but if it was a guy, guy doing that to a woman, it'd be totally different. You never know. We haven't seen the video, but I know. But that could definitely be a thing that could de You. That could definitely be a thing for sure. And another update. B King. So B King, remember we reported that he had passed away, so there's now information on what happened. So TMZ got this update and what they were told was that he passed away in the hospital last Thursday. So he suffered a pulmonary embolism and he was basically at work, he was doing the morning takeover at Urban One Radio one station. He fainted and then was rushed to the hospital.


Wow. Once he was rushed to the hospital, he was there for some time. His family, everybody is there. And then he passed away. When he passed away the, the same day he passed away with his two daughters by his side. Wow. That's horrible man. I mean that's a blood clot. That's a blood clot in in one of your arteries. Yeah. Something not being able to circulate right to somewhere That's blood flow to to your, to your lungs. I believe an artery in your lungs. Lot's. Why I be so big on Dr. Puma, man. Sending people to go to Sorin Medical You. know, get all of that looked at cardiovascular, all of that. Make sure that there's no blockages or anything because man, when them things hit, they hit. Yeah. You can do things like I know my mom, we have one scheduled for her soon. They do like lung failure and like whatever test, even If, you don't think there's something wrong.


They can go in and just kind of see and like predict if something will happen. So it's preventative and not reactionary. That's what Charlamagne was saying with Dr. Puma. He, he does everything around the heart and he does lungs too. His lungs too, because he was able to look at lungs as well. Is he a black doctor? No, he's not black. He's been up here several times though. But he does this things where he makes it affordable. Where You know he's not white either though. What is he? I don't know. Yeah, He a person. He a person He, He's human, but he does this thing and he makes it very, very affordable where people can actually go and get their heart checked out, get their cardio and get their lungs checked out. So Charlemagne And I both went to make sure that we were pretty good. I love that. Not together, but we, we did Go center. The healing energy is a family of beat kingdom man. Absolutely. For sure. Like stay on top of your health. My brother.


Now in other news, cash dial, her home was burglarized over the weekend and it could have been really, really bad. She doesn't normally share super private stuff like this at all, but she took the social media to tell us about what happened. Since I've been in Detroit, I guess people was looking at my story and they see that I'm not home and they found that this was the best opportunity to run inside of my house and get all my Birkin bags in Atlanta. However, that's cool. They got caught, they got into a shootout with my child's father and the police got all of them and we ain't took no l It's a celebration, but it's also sad that it's black people that's just running inside of people home trying to take they things.


And what if my kids was there? What if my sister was there? What if my mom was there? What if, what if Tracy was there sleeping? Y'all caught him slipping. They came in with guns. Right. So there were four guys, four black young men that came into her home. The report to the police was, there was a woman who called and said, I, on my ring camera I'm able to see four people breaking into my home. That woman then And, I'm assuming that woman is cashed out because she's telling us what happened then called a friend of hers who got to the home and confronted the, the bur the people that were trying to burglarize the home. And there was a shootout that happened. She talks a little bit about how like after the shootout or whatever they fled, it Was a baby daddy that was shooting. Right? Tracy T Tracy. Yeah. So Tracy t got there, got into a shootout with the guys, then they fled.


Right? So police arrive, they see these guys take off in the car, they take off in that car, they crash the car into utility pole trying to get away from the police. They hop out of the car. The driver has two guns on him and y'all the, there's video in one of the reports that I watched, one of the guns is like automatic, like they came in ready for whatever, right? They get Arrested. Yes. There's one person that is still at the time of the report that was still at large though. But they did get arrested. Somebody sent me his name from Detroit. I'll tell on 'em this morning on the radio. Okay. And They're Atlanta. Atlanta, Atlanta, Atlanta And that and that. So they were charged with first degree burglary. But the big issue, another issue that she had with this whole thing and and You know Luckily, everybody, the safe Tracy T is safe.


Was that the way that her community responded? Because she's the youngest person on her block and the only black person on her block. So take a listen to this You guys. I stayed in a nice neighborhood, You know where I'm the only black person on my block and the youngest person on my block. And this man had the audacity to go to the news. Runny mayors. He went to the news and told them that my house is a drug house because there's traffic and a lot of black people there because there's always traffic. He just assumed that since is nice cars and other black nice successful people pulling up. That's entertainers, that's friends, producers that have nice things as well. That I have drugs in my home for you to just associate with me with drugs just because I'm young, black and successful.


That's crazy. I bet the the other people in the neighborhood believe that all those gunshots and all the police being there was warranted because they think cash stall is a drug dealer. Yeah. Yo, one of the guys that was guy in a report, he was like, whoa, we thought it was fireworks. But I mean You know. And then there was another guy that was like, I've never seen anything like this happen in this neighborhood. I've never seen this many police. This is just too much. Like you could tell like, oh they, That's what happened to j Cole too, right? That that was the, when j Cole's studio people thought he was selling drugs outta his house when so many black people coming into the studio one time. You would think that in Atlanta they'd be used to that by now though. It depends on where, I mean the black people with money in in the south though, like this is like, she's like on the outskirts You. know what I mean? She just said Atlanta. I don't know. It's Brookhaven is like out the way.


Like it's not a, you're not seeing a lot of black people. She said she's the only black person on the block. Well I'm glad Tracy didn't get hurt, but I do wish he would've hurt somebody. I wish his bullets would've hit some folks. Because If, you run up in someone's home, you get what you deserve. Get what you just like, just like Castrol said, you don't know if my family in there, my kids in there, anything. You just running up in people's houses. I wish Tracy would've shot 'em all. Well one of the police officers shot the driver. He's the driver's now listed in critical condition. Because when he came out the, he heard, yeah, when he came out the car, he had a gun on him. So they shot and then they dropped the gun. He stopped, tried to pick up the gun. So they shot him again. So You want me to feel sorry for him? No, I'm just telling you that somebody was shot. No, no, I was just telling you Someone was shot. No, like you said. Yeah, they would've ran up in that house. Say, say she was there. Say her baby father was there. Her kids were there.


Her mom was there. Oh baby. Yes. A nanny was there and they could, nah, They came ready two them guns With big guns. What? They earned it. Yes. Earned every bullet he got. We got time for one more wrapping up. Okay, well yeah, I'm glad they okay though, but yeah. Alright, well that is Jess with the mess with Lauren LaRosa. When we come back we have front page news with Morgan Wood. So don't go anywhere. It's The Breakfast Club. Good morning The. Breakfast Club. Your mornings will never be the same Morning everybody, it's Djj envy Jess, hilarious Charlamagne guy. We are The Breakfast Club. Now Jess is out on maternity leave. We got Lauren LaRosa filling in and let's get back in some front page news. What's up Morgan? Good morning. Good morning. From Chicago. Yeah, the DNC is going down this week and Democratic vice presidential candidate Tim Balls, he held his first solo rally in Nebraska over the weekend on Saturday.


Now Wall said in Minnesota where he's governor, people respect each other's choices. Now let's hear more from walls Here in Nebraska. It's the same way. We might not make those choices for ourselves, but we live by the Golden rule. And that golden rule is mind your own damn business. Mind your own damn business. Yeah. The rally was held near Nebraska's competitive second congressional district surrounding Omaha, which both campaigns are hoping to win Walls who grew up in, in Nebraska, went to Chadron State College and served in Nebraska's Army. National Guard reminded rally goers of his home state roots making multiple references to Nebraska culture. Now, walls said here in Nebraska, we have a slogan.


Nebraska is not for everyone. Well, it sure isn't for Donald Trump, I'll tell you that. He also took shots at Trump's running mate, JD Vance, and said, in Nebraska and in Minnesota, we don't need a Yale educated philosophy major. Now, meanwhile, Republican vice presidential candidate JD Vance, he's pushing back against recent polling that shows a surge in support for Vice President Harris in the 2024 presidential race appearing on Fox News Sunday. Vance claims polling at this point in the election season has often not reflected the results of the presidential election. So let's hear more from Vance. Look, I recognize that there are a lot of folks even in the GOP establishment. It's certainly on the far left who don't like the fact that Donald Trump picked me.


I actually take their criticism as a badge of honor. I'm not shocked that a lot of inside the Beltway media types don't like me. But their policies are the problem. Of course they don't like me because we're running to fix what they have broken consistently. What you've seen in 2016 and 2020 is that the media uses fake polls to drive down Republican turnout and to create dissension and conflict with Republican voters. Polls are hilarious to me. Well not really the polls, but how, how people react to polls. Because If, you candidate is doing good in the polls. You like polls, right? If they're not doing good in the polls, then polls don't matter. Right Now polls, Democrats did it when You know Joe Biden was losing in the polls. Now the Republicans are doing it. When Trump is losing in the polls, it's disgusting.


But just know, and I've been saying this, the reason they don't really care about polls is because all over the country, when if Kamala Harris wins in November, Republicans will refuse to certify the results of the election. Just know that all those county election officials who are election deniers, they're already planning to stop the results right away if it looks like the vice President is winning. And once again, that corrupt ass Supreme Court Trump's court that he put three judges on, those folks are already and willing to overturn the results of the election if it gets to them. So I hope folks are prepared for that come November. Well, didn't the polls say Hillary Clinton was gonna win? They were saying Hillary was up. Yes. I was just getting ready to say that. It, it sure did. Well, Vance went on to say that Harris' rhetoric on economic policy is not resonating with voters and that Americans were much better off under President Trump.


This comes of course, after polls recently released by the Washington Post a, b, C news. And Ipsy has Harris leading Trump by just a few percentage points. So You know, like you said, the polls are what they are. When you like 'em, you like 'em, you don't, you don't. And of course, as mentioned before, the Democratic National Convention is underway in Chicago. It kicks off today, Illinois Governor JB Pritzker says the city is ready for pro-Palestinian protestors at the DNC. In an interview with CNN State of the Union, Pritzker said he's confident in the city's plan to handle the high numbers of expected protestors against I Israel's war and Gaza. And he remained insistent, however, that violence would be met with consequences. Let's hear more from JB Pritzker If we're gonna protect the protesters, but also protect all the people visiting 50,000 people coming to Chicago and the residents of Chicago.


So I, the plan's been in place for a year and a quarter now already. We're gonna execute on that plan the next four days. If there are troublemakers, they're gonna get arrested and they're gonna get convicted. But the fact is that the vast majority of people who are protesting, and we've seen this before, are You know peaceful protesters. They wanna have their voices heard, they're gonna be heard, no doubt about it. And we're gonna protect that. We've got a, a very, very different situation. The Democratic Party, the Democratic Party honestly is, has coalesced around this candidate. That was not the case in 1968. Yeah, they said they expecting like 20,000 Yeah, 20,000 protestors. I was watching CNA yesterday and they were showing you like the buildouts that they have and it's like miles and miles from where the DNC is going to be.


It's like bigger than what they had to build at, at the Republican National Commission. Yeah, they were protesting at the Loop yesterday And just let it be known to, yeah, about 50,000 people expected to, to send on Chicago for the four day convention. Of course, Chicago's mayor, Brandon Johnson, also told ABCs this week, Chicago police are working with Secret Service and other law enforcement agencies to maintain a secure convention. And just from a personal perspective being here, there is a lot of foot traffic, there is a lot of police presence. You see it and there are road closures. So You know If, you are in Chicago, You know, stay, stay vigilant and You know plan ahead and plan early. But President Biden is set to take the convention states tonight at the United Center to make his case for Vice President Kamala Harris and Governor Tim Walls.


Again, security will be extremely tight with this being the 27th time the city has hosted the DNC. That's, I'm Not gonna lie, Chicago, their prime time line. Don't look too strong. Yo who they got What Kerry Washington is on. They got Carrie. I mean Kerry Washington hosted one now I'm talking y'all. He's talking about the celebrity. I'm talking about the goddamn politician. Oh, You know. You see what I'm saying? You know. You know me. You talking about the headline? He distracted over So You know. Yeah, they Don't, it don't, it don't look like, I don't know, maybe I was expecting like You know Governor Josh Shapiro to have a primetime slot or You know governor Gretchen Weer or Wes Moore. Like Gavin Newsom. I mean I say Secretary Pete does. But it feel like they highlighting a lot of the old regimes still like Biden in the First Lady tonight, Hillary and Bill on another night.


It's like, eh, Eh, well people come first. I think it's didn't do, The way I look at it, at least it looks like it's kind of a passing the torch from the old to the new. Well I won't call it old to the new, but it you do have the older politicians, the the vetted long term politicians speaking at early on in the convention. Whereas later on in Wednesday and Thursday, you have the You know Tim Walls. And of course Harris accepting the You got ex-president speaking, so Yep. Yeah, but I i I just, I just feel like we should be talking about the now and the future. Yeah. You got a little You know, like, like, I don't know, like And I Amm. Not saying that they shouldn't speak, but I'm just talking about the prime time slots. It feels like we should be showcasing the now in the future. Olivia Pope in the President are reuniting, just in case y'all can Goodbye Lauren.


He Thank you Morgan. It's happening. Alright, so that's your front page news. I'm Morgan Wood. You can follow me on socials at Morgan Media and of course, catch the Black Information Network at Black Information Network. And for more news coverage and live updates from the dnc, download the free iHeartRadio app and listen or visit@bnews.com. Talk to y'all tomorrow. Arms peace. All right, now when we come back, Andrew Day and Lee Daniels will be joining us. The Deliverance is out right now. It will be streaming on August 30th, but we gonna talk to them when we come back. So don't move. It's The. Breakfast. Club. Good morning, The. Breakfast Club. Good Morning everybody. It's DJ nv. Jeff Solaris Charlamagne, the guy. We are The. Breakfast. Club. Now Jess is on maternity leave, so Lauren LaRosa is holding it down with us and we got some special guests in the building.


New film Deliverance is on Netflix, August 30th. Ladies and gentlemen, we have Lee Daniels and Andra Day. Welcome. Andra Lee. Andre, You working Andra? Yeah. Andrew And. I. Appreciate I said Andra. Andra Day. Andrew, You work Andrew or And I know, some people do say Andra. People say it, but it's, you literally call me by my character's name. I call you by your character. But you do say Andrew, you always get it right. Right. Okay. You actually always get it. Did. Oh, you were seriously just asking her. Yeah. 'cause Oh, he he be he does. Okay. He does. He has never said it. He never said I'm, because I'm always in her character Name. Got you. When She's working. Yeah. But I am always either Billy, How are y'all feeling first and foremost? How y'all feeling? Good. I Think good. Yeah, really good. Yeah, I feel good.


I'm always good when I'm with that. When did y'all develop this chemistry? Because y it's clearly can't be just something that's You know done when y'all are working. Like you must like No, we go together on each other. We go together. We go together. Hall. I told him, I was like, you stuck for life Lee, as a director, do you have actors or and actresses that are like a muse for you? Like sort of like when a painter finds a favorite color, a favorite hue, they use it in all their art. Yes. Monique is one of them. Nicole Kitman is one of them. Glenn Close now is one of them. Andrew is certainly one of them. Tara JP Henson. Mm. There's a group of actors that you just know, that know I'm a know that I You know I don't, I'm not politically correct when I'm talking. And You know I come from a specific generation and that they, that they protect from myself.


Gotcha. Now how was Monique doing? You mentioned Monique, how was she doing? She's great. You know what? And that made me take a look at this, that interview that You know When she was up here called Leonard Woo You know it was fantastic getting back together with her. It was part of the reason that we did the film for me was I think we're in some dark time. I'm always a step ahead of it. I think I'm a little psychic because I'm a little ahead of everything that's happened. And I. Remember when I did Empire, it was really because I was experiencing so much homophobia from, from my own people. It was hard enough to get movies made as a black man when I came into Hollywood. 'cause it was sort of pre Spike Lee and post the Black Exploiter era. Exploitation era. But the homophobia was really real.


And I dealt with it with my own people. So anyway, I did Empire You know. I didn't even know what I was doing. I was just expressing my feelings. You know. And the same thing with, with this right here, this I feel we're in dark times. I know that we are in dark times. And for me it was about finding my higher power. And after I did the movie, there was a group of us that were summoned to Biden's. We were trying to figure out how to get him into office. 'cause black men weren't voting for him. And so it was Chris Rock and Sam Jackson. Yeah. This Been wasting your time trying, he was telling that man the truth that he needed to step sit around this table You. know what I mean? No, no, no. This is Before we, I was in that meeting that he needed to step down. I was saying a year ago he needed to step in that meeting. What, what made you think that? Because I was, we've been saying for a long time and people were saying that we were, were were not representing and this that and the other.


But we seen it and felt it. Lee Lee a year ago. I was saying he should step down. Yeah. And I was giving me hell for it. And I was really, I was giving you hell for it. I know. Yeah. And Then you, then you walked in that meeting and you was like, what? No, what did Say in that meeting was Like, oh, this is the president of the United States. But he was, he would come back with very much like alertness. He was like, he would, he'd be like this. And we say, is he there? And then he'd come up and Go, I've done more for black people than any president in the United States of America, including Obama. And he started listing off the facts and listing off the facts. And like, I think Queen Latifah was like, well you should tell people this. You should be out in the streets telling people this. 'cause black men need to understand this. And he said, I'm too busy trying to stop nuclear war.


I'm too busy trying to stop nuclear war to go out and promote myself and what I'm doing because I'm doing the work. And then I realized how serious he was. 'cause he got, it got real somber in there. And I said, this is the reason why I'm doing my movie. Because we need to find our higher power. And that was the purpose of me trying to, to do this film right now. And so, 'cause we could be going tomorrow. And so for me it was really about, and that was part of Monique too. You know, part of the healing of it all. It's like You know who cares whether I don't care what I did. I mean, I'm, I'm, I'm whatever it was that I upset you about, I upset you. I'm 65 years old. I don't want to, I wanna make sure that I'm good You know that, that this is as much I can spread as much love and do as much healing as I can.


And that was part of the whole journey of, of, of this, of this film, find My Life. What is the ignorance about Break down what it's about for people that don't Know. Okay, so You know, where do I start with this? It's, it's really it. Well first of all, it's a story about this single mother, single black mother, really. She's dealing with a, at the crux of it, there's spirit, like he said, trying to scare you to your higher power. But there's also a lot of generational trauma. So it's this idea that she's trying to be the best mother that she can be. She's trying to pour into her kids with all the tools that she's been given, which is not much. But she has been given a lot of pain. And so her mother has now moved into the house with her. So she's kind of faced with that trauma daily. But her mother is also a product of trauma. So it's definitely talking, it's physically, she is fighting demons, right?


The kids are actually possessed. And so you have that element, that horror element in there. But she's also battling her own personal demons. And. I love the metaphor that the demons that we don't deal with in ourselves, they will absolutely possess our kids in future generations and s of our futures. It's really, I You know, one of the things I say, and we've talked about the genre a lot, because that's the que is it thriller? Is it horror? Is it, I think that for people to think that this is solely a horror movie, they would be remiss to, to walk away from it based on just that. It's a faith-based thriller. It's a family drama. It's a, it is a horror movie. So there's a lot of elements, but it's based on a true story. Ultimately, it's based on the haunting of a house in Gary, Indiana, the A haunt.


Latoya, Latoya Amens, and but loosely based off of that, Lee really did a great job of just creating new characters and their own life. And I, like y'all talking about horror, right? Because it's not just the demons that are the horror, like you said, it's the generational abuse. It's the alcoholism, it's the poverty, it's the addiction. Those are all hards. Yes. Precious was a horror movie To me. Yes, absolutely. I agree.


Hibernation season is over and it's time to get some sun outside. Gather your crew and hit the road in the spacious 2024 Nissan Pathfinder your getaway to larger than life adventures with spacious seating for eight and available panoramic moonroof. Everyone can enjoy the journey and soaky in the scenery of the Great Outdoors Bus with an available toing capacity of up to 6,000 pounds. And an available intelligent four-wheel drive feature with seven drive modes. You can take your favorite toys while victory on new terrains, seize the thrill, and start exploring with the 2024 Nissan Pathfinder today. Head over to Nissan usa.com to learn more intelligent All-Wheel Drive cannot prevent collisions or provide enhanced traction in all conditions. Always monitor traffic and weather conditions. Towing capacity varies by configuration. See Nissan Towing Guide and Owner's manual for additional information. Always secure cargo.


Every week on Talk Easy with San Fragoso. I invite an artist, writer, or politician to come to the table and speak from the heart in ways. I imagine you haven't heard from them before. Some of my favorites are with Tom Hanks, Margaret Atwood, Questlove, Kate Blanche, and Oscar Isaac. If that sounds like a varied group of people, it's because it is. I always wanted to make a show where one week we could sit with a politician like Beto or work the next, an author like Ninja Lee or TV Titans like Bill Hader and Quinta Brunson. Basically, this is a podcast driven by curiosity and an abundance of research conversations where people actually start to sound like people. In recent weeks, I sat with Dan Levy, Ava DuVernay, Benny Safie, and the editor of The New Yorker, David Remnick. You can listen to Talk Easy with San Fragoso on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcast, or wherever you get your podcasts. I hope to see you there.


Am Angie Martinez. Check out my podcast where I talk to some of the biggest athletes, musicians, actors in The World. We go beyond the headlines and the sound bites that have real conversations about real life, death, love, and everything in between. This life right here, just finding myself just, just relaxation this, not feeling stressed. This is not feeling pressed. This is what I'm most proud of. I'm, I'm proud of Mary because I've been through hell and some horrible things. That feeling that I had of inadequacy is gone. You're gonna die being you. So you gotta constantly work on who you are to make sure that the stars align correctly. Life ain't easy, and it's getting harder and harder. So If, you have a story to tell. If you've come through some trials with you, you need to share it. 'cause you're gonna inspire someone. You're gonna, you're gonna give somebody the motivation to not give up, to not quit. Listen to Angie Martinez, IRL on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts or wherever you get your podcasts.


It is summer and on NPRs Planet Money podcast. That means it is time to grab your notebooks and your headphones and tune into the economics crash course for your ears. Planet Money Summer School is covering the economic history of The World from the birth of money to the Industrial Revolution to modern trade policy. We've got the lessons to keep you sounding smart at the beach with help from real economic historians Every Wednesday until Labor Day, listen to Planet Money from NPR on the iHeartRadio app or wherever you get your podcasts.


Guess what, mango? What's that? Will? So iHeart is giving us a whole minute to promote our podcast. Part-Time Genius. I know. That's why I spent my whole week composing a haiku for an occasion. It's about my emotional journey in podcasting over the last seven years, and it's called Earthquake House Mango. Mango. I, I I'm gonna cut you off right there. Why don't we just tell people about our show instead? Yeah. That's a better idea. So every week on Part-Time Genius, we feed our curiosity by answering the world's most important questions. Things like, when did America start dialing 9 1 1 is William Shatner's best acting work in Esperanto? Also, what happened to Esperanto? Plus, we cover questions like, how Chinese is your Chinese food? How do dollar stores stay in business? And of course, is there an illuminati of cheese? There absolutely is, and we are risking our lives by talking about it. But If, you love mind-blowing facts, incredible history and really bad jokes. Make your brains happy and tune into part-Time genius. Listen to Part-Time Genius on the iHeartRadio app or wherever you get your podcasts.


That African-American African American period. I agree. I agree. To his point, If, you are a daughter and you grew up in a household with a mom who is dealing with her own things absolute and doesn't know how to mother you through that. You watch something like press it make you be like, oh shoot, I remember that feeling. Like it does give that like you felt that definitely PI felt like that watching this like yes, for sure. There's definitely p How'd you not get traumatized? I don't know that. I didn't get traumatized. No, no. I mean, I'm a praying person. I'm a person of faith. So I think that You know, even going into it, You know there has to be like intention, right? I think this, if this was just sort of exploiting black pain, if this was exploiting kind of the demonic realm, I believe in the spirit realm, right?


I'm a Christian believer. Even initially when he first brought it to me initially it was a yes just because at this point I had just really, again, fallen in love with this person. I'm like, I trust him completely. I'm excited about everything he's doing. But my only hesitation was, oh, do I wanna do something that deals with that? Obviously, if you've come from any type of church background that's right. People can be very, very, they have their very strong opinions about why would You know? You Can't even watch horror movies. Yeah, my mama was your whole witness. Don't turn them evil spirits on about Yeah. A exactly. Yeah. So they You know, like you said, people feel like, oh, they can jump on you. They can do, but I think we also have this misconception that we're never supposed to look into that world or talk about that world. But for me, the scriptures that I read, I'm like, it's all throughout it. And, I think what I loved about this and what I loved about Lee's goal is that he didn't wanna just You know marinate in that area.


He wanted to show a story of overcoming and that's what she does. And so for me it was really, it was praying going into it. Like I, I, what I will say is that I, I had a hesitation just because of the, the, the subject matter. But I prayed about it. And, I was reminded in prayer that it's like If, you believe what you say you believe, then that means you have authority over these things. You know they are, they are under your foot, and if you're going to be a light, then you have to go into dark places. And so I really love that represented in the movie. And so I think that's probably why we prayed a lot. I mean, I knew that's the reason why you were, you were right for it because you were a believer. You really believed, and there's a scene in the film for those that have seen the film when she's fighting the devil, where she just breaks out in tongue.


And the ad, my white ad was like, okay, so this isn't scripted. Let's do we cut, do we do whatever You know. And she's speaking in tongue and I'm like, this is God working. We are gonna let it, we going until she's tired. Oh, You really went into speaking in tongue like that. Oh wow. Okay. That was, that was her, that's when I knew she was right for the role. I mean, I knew that, that there was only one person that could play this role. And I, some, an actor that really believed, Alright, we got more with Lee Daniels and Andrew Day, when we come back, it's The Breakfast Club. Good morning. Good morning everybody. It's DJNV Jess. Hilarious. Charlamagne the guy. We are The Breakfast Club. Jess is on maternity leave now. Laura LaRosa is filling in for her and we're still kicking in with Lead Daniels and Andrew Day Charlamagne. Is It true y'all had to preach on set every day?


Every day on purpose? Yeah, every day. Wow. Are you kidding me? We were terrified. I mean, like, I didn't know did, my mother didn't want me to do this movie in the beginning. After Precious, I was offered this film. And I didn't wanna do it because I, I felt like I was revisiting it already with a, a woman that was abusing her kids. But more importantly, I know how I work. And I demand the truth. I work from a place of like, I'm an open portal, right? For sure. I'm an open portal. And, and And I know what comes to me and what I give out. And I said, this is gonna, this is gonna land in my spirit. And so, and that's why I sat on it for such a long time, y'all, I didn't wanna do the movie after Precious And, I just realized it's not about the darkness. It's really about finding your light and about finding a higher power. Yeah. Where, so what do you do to, I'm like your piece, Lee.


'cause you, you, you're with this material longer than anybody. Yeah. From beginning to end. My sister, I haven't talked about this yet, but my sister, who's done all my movies with me, every one of my movies, she's in my movies. And the following day she was diagnosed with this lung cancer. No, sorry, It was dark. Wow. Got you. Got something popped in your face. Remember that? Yeah, I remember that. Yeah. It was the Fire ex extinguisher. The fire extinguisher. She was putting out a fire of demons. And then that's a thing that happened. My dog died. It was just everything that happened died, Dog died. Yeah. Jesus. Yeah. It was, it was everything that you think. Ha And that's with praying practically before every scene. Now Netflix was like, when they, when we first busted out prayer, Netflix was like, I'm sorry, but we're gonna have to call HR because And I really?


I said, wait, no, we can't pray. Well, You know. I go, okay, so I gotta make an announcement to 300 people. Those that don't want to pray exactly steps. Yeah, but please, you gotta let us pray. Let's pray. We gotta ask permission to pray. Now, would You dive into another movie like this? 'cause it seems so dark Again. I will never, because I don't do scary movies. But it just seems so dark and it's like a, it's hard to get out of seen. I started watching. I don't do scary movies. So when it starts getting a little crazy, I I don't, I start hearing noises at night. Like, I'm like that. It's just the edit wild. It's just the edit. That's a little scary. I think that, I don't think that I will do it again because it takes all, like you said, it's like all consuming. They're gone. I'm in that edit room. Edit room. Yeah. I'm still hearing noises, everything.


So, and, and, and then also it's difficult to, it's a different type of a film for me to do. You You know it's a different, whole different experience because drama's like this boom, boom, boom, boom, boom, boom. And I got that down. This experience is like, it's like a slow dance. You know you got, it's like a, it's a whole different sort of thing that you're doing. I just did it as an artist to just sort of grow. I Love it though. I think you ended up really creating almost a subgenre of horror. Like, we've been talking about this a lot and that's why I say it's, it's not a typical horror movie. No. It's very different. It's Very interesting. What is it exactly? I, I don't know What it is. It's like a soulful, dark thriller. Like Yes. It's like it sits with you. Like, I wanna watch you with my mom and my grandma because we got some stuff we need to talk about.


But at the same time, really you might jump a little bit. Right? Yeah. Like, and my, one of my questions for you, after seeing, seeing parts of it, I didn't watch the full thing, was when you, 'cause we're precious, the mom, the daughter had the issue. Now you see this here again from your life. Where does that come from? Or is that just something you think is something that needs to be addressed or is that something personal to you? Yeah, it's All, all everything that you see is a part of my life. Everything is part of my life is personal. And what I do is I live my demons out through, through all of my work. So everything you see on screen has, is a part of what it is that I, my life experience. The Glenn Close character, she was black. So I tried to separate it 'cause I, I really wanted to separate myself from Latoya a Amen. So I made this character white. 'cause I have so many mixed race friends.


What is it like to be a black girl with a white mom? We all know that white girl, white woman that only dates black men, that has black children. We've never seen her on screen before. Glen Close plays that chick with the baby hair and the jewelry and, and cutoff shorts. And this You know, I'm so proud that she was able to delve into that because that's a character that we've never, black people know her. I don't think white people, I don't think white critics will understand the film. White critics will never understands going over their head Oh, completely over what is Glen, what is, what is, what is this? She's said g for, for attempting to play this role. Two questions. What was the beef between Monique's character and the grandma? And did that relationship in the movie reflect what you and Monique was going through at The time?


The beef between the grandmom, that was real. They caught that. Right? It was just that You know. The grandmom knew that Monique was, was, was not right And Monique didn't like the grandmom didn't care that the grandmom knew. So it, it was that, it was that type of energy and no, that had nothing to do with me. What me and Monique was going through at all, going back to work with Monique was, was like being on a bike. And not only did I wanna make sure that she was good, but I wanted to make sure that we worked again. And that she was paid well for what it was. Yeah. She, it was really important to me. Right. That you better, that she felt You would not pay. Monique again Can say laugh about it.


Right? But now you're hearing more and more artists talking about You know they're finally getting their value. They're finally getting their worth. What do you say to that? 'cause it You know she Deserves it. Listen, Not just Monique, I, a lot of black actress actresses and actors have coming up here recently and been like, we are finally getting out Justice Tyler Perry because of Tyler Perry. Tyler Perry. They're saying it because of Tyler Perry. Tyler Perry is paying their Thought. Thoughts on that? I think that, I think that I come from a generation of, and the last generation of just, we were just so happy to get in the door. I don't think you understand. Like we, they weren't doing black cinema. I was just lucky to, I was, felt blessed to be able to tell stories like Monsters Ball, are you kidding me? Like, are you kidding me? Like, they laughed me out of every studio in Hollywood when I came to them with masters.


But who wants to see a fat kid at the end Die by a what? A no. With a mixed race. What? Like, they didn't wanna see that kind of stuff. So I had to go get drug money to develop this, this story. Y'all know my history. Y'all saw it up there with, with Damon Dash. I had to go into the streets to get my art done. Right? And, I didn't care about it at all. 'cause the art was going to live. And, I would do anything. I would fall on the, on the sword for my art. Hollywood wasn't with me at all. No studio. Every single solitary movie I've ever done has been independently financed. The first time I stepped into a anything was was with Empire where I had to answer to the Stu Suits studio. I was like, what? I gotta answer to people. Okay. That was You know. That was the first time. Why do you think The street dudes understood you more than Hollywood at that time?


Or was it one of those things they were like, they just knew you special? Here's the thing. Right. I can't really scream homophobia with black men all the way because You know. Again, You know. That was where my support came from financially. Yeah. Because we, they, they see you for what you are, which is a creative genius. Creative genius. Yeah. You know, very real You know who, who can help them do greater things with their money. Yeah. Why, why do you think it's so hard for Ebony to do, right? Mm. Or Ebony. I Know A white woman called you. Can you imagine your white mother calling you Ebony? No. Naming you E Ebo. We remember we talked about that. We were actually gonna put that as a line in the movie too. 'cause it was just like, what kind of white woman named her child Ebony? Like, she was just so excited to have black kids.


But I think, I mean, listen, You know it's a really interesting question. Why is it hard for Ebony to do? Right? Why is it hard for any of us to do? Right? You know what I mean? Like, don't we all struggle with it to some degree, right? You know And I don't know that. She always thinks that she is doing wrong You know what I'm saying? So this is when you actually, when you just spoke about that scene where the demon kind of finally manifests in the car and she's running and she's paranoid again. We're dealing with a movie where, and this is often a, a, a thing in culture, right? Black women You know, we were talking about believing black women. Black women are believed. I hate when people are like, oh, black women are loud and dah, dah, dah. But also we have had to work to, to take our space and to make our voice heard and to actually get people to listen to not just our struggles, but our triumphs and our support. I think we see a similar thing in Ebony is that she's not, I think it's hard.


She's not being believed and it's a lot of pressure. You know. It's just not, you can't, it's a lot of weight to hold and sometimes you're gonna stumble You. know what I mean? And you need help And I think in that scene in particular, You know for me it was just like she is not even sure of what she's seeing. So forget society or the social worker, DCS her mother You know. Forget all of those people believing her. She's now kind of questioning herself. Am I actually losing my mind? Am I going crazy? That's something that's not man, you feel That so much all the time. Yeah. Like, am I crazy? Am I doing too much? Am I exactly. And am I to fight the power today? You know what I'm saying? You get it. I'm not gonna go every, I'm trying. That's how I was watching the movie though. I was like, Ooh, wow, okay. I felt that like, Right. Am I, you're constantly questioning yourself. Even if it don't have to do with demons. It's just like, am I going crazy?


Am I doing too much? Am I insecure? Am I losing my mind? So I don't think she's always not doing right. I think she genuinely thinks she is doing right. And then, and she's just, she's a human You. know what I mean? She's really trying. All right. We got more with Andrew Day and Lee Daniels. When we come back, it's The Breakfast Club. Good morning. Morning everybody. It's EJ Envy. Jess. Hilarious. Charlamagne to Guy. We are The Breakfast Club. Laura LaRosa is filling in for Jess. We still kicking in with Andrew Day. And Lee Daniels Charlamagne Another conversation. I hope this movie opens up to this point we're talking about. Some people definitely need therapy, but some need an exorcism. How many do You know that actually need an exorcism? I Think so. Yeah, I think So. Listen, we working in the same I'm Sure you got a list.


I Mean, I Think also a lot of church people will say this's too much cursing in this. Oh man, there's too much. Like, there's too much violence in this. How can this be a faith-based anything? Because there, and then you get into the politics of the church, You know you can get into the politics of the church and just sort of deal with that bull. Or you can deal with spirituality and know that Jesus walked with bookers drunks. Yeah. The OGs I, I've already gotten, I literally got somebody hit me the other day and was like, Hey, You know, I mean, they asked politely You know what I'm saying? But it was like, Hey, I don't understand how you're a believer and would do a movie about demons. And I was just like, I remember I, I think when I get asked those questions, it's like, okay, take a second, take a beat. You could get offended.


Right? You know. Or you could just be like, there's not understanding here. There's a lack of understanding. Maybe it's on my part You know what I'm saying? But it's always interesting to me as a believer. I'm like, I read scripture You. know what I mean? I do devotion everywhere. I read scripture. I was like, this demons in the Bible. Like, I don't know what to tell you. There's crazy things. Like the whole premise is not that this life is clean and perfect and not scary and not what it's that it's all of those things. We just have somewhere to put it. And as he said, if it's a different faith, you got somewhere to put it. You know. Like, so that's really, and it's, and and something a why we have a why for how to navigate this craziness You. know what I'm saying? So the idea that we're not supposed to touch those things to me is very, very weird and not realistic. You know, Sometimes we use the demon thing to avoid the actual issue though.


Right? Right. Like when the grandma goes to the pastor and tells us she thinks the house has evil energy. It ain't just demon, just everything else you talk about. It's the trauma, it's the alcohol abuse, it's the addiction. But it's like, we'll talk about something supernatural to avoid making better choices. Right. And unresolved issues with her daughter. Yes. Because I think if I'm clear, You know Alberta may have changed. She received the Lord You. know what I mean? She has transformed her life. And and that's why when Ebony says to her like, you might have your little church friends fool, but I don't think we ever hear a moment in there where Alberta goes to Ebony and says, Hey, I'm really sorry for everything I did to you and allowed happened to you. It's more like, I don't wanna talk about that. I've transformed now let me just be good to the grandkids and good to everyone else around me. And That's the way it works.


Yeah. It's really the way. It's hard because sometime you need, like you said, you just averting the issue sometime you actually need to look somebody in the face and with humility say, I'm ac I acknowledge what happened to you, what I did to you. And I'm sorry You. know what I'm saying? Which was part of my journey with Monique. Yeah. Got you. Yes. You know. And you was, you did it first, right? You Yeah. Yeah. I called her outta the blue You know I wanted her to, I I was working on this. Y'all see that, that other horror movie that she did? Yes. So this young, this young filmmaker, I help a lot of young filmmakers. She went, she was so good in that. Okay. So this young filmmaker called me outta the blue and said, listen, I'm working on this movie, And I need your help. So I said, okay. So I saw the potential in the movie.


It was incredible. This kid was just incredible. And I worked in the movie for free for six months. 'cause it was Monique, she didn't know it. Wow. Six months. I helped him edit the film. 'cause it was a little independent film. And I was like this amazing. That was part of me realizing I had to, she had to work. She just had to continue to, people are missing out Yes. On her work as an artist. So finally I said, listen, you don't know this, but I've been working on this movie. I I've been working on this movie for like four or five months, six months. And She said, you sneaky. I Know she did And, I Daddy Come in here and cuss him out. 'cause how he ain't tell me he was looking on this movie. And so that, that was the beginning of of of, of our, of my healing through this kid that I was helping with his film.


I know you and and Dame squashed your, your beef as well. How did you, how did that happen? How did that healing happen? That happened because I was told by my all white team at the time that I didn't owe him any money. And I knew in my heart that if I owed, owed the drug, even though the Mon movie didn't make money, the movie did not make money. So in theory on paper, I didn't owe him any money. But I knew in my heart that I told him I was gonna pay him his money. It was a man to man thing. But I'm listening now to Hollywood 'cause I'm in, I'd done an empire. And I was like, okay, this is the way the white people, this is way, this is the way he's supposed to work. No, it don't work like that. Mm. And so even though the movie took a hit, shadow boxer took a hit.


I did. I did the right thing with him too. And how was that conversation when you Did take a public humiliation For me to understand that I did the right thing. Otherwise I would've been just skirting. I don't think so mean. I would've come to, I would've had that come to Jesus. But he, he put Jesus a little earlier Call. I know, I know. Y'all gotta go in a few. But I want to ask you Lee, about You know, 'cause you, you, he birthed a lot of people out here, right? Jesse Sillett. What's that relationship like now? Because I remember a few years ago they said y'all were no longer on speaking terms. And I Think we text, we text each other, we text each other. Here's a movie that's coming that's out. I think that's coming out. I haven't seen it yet. It's it's com It's so complicated guys. It's so complicated.


Life is so complicated Because of the incident, because of the, the hoax life or because It's something else itself is complicated. Okay. But that whole situation was complicated. And I still don't know what to believe. Honestly, I don't know what to believe. Or when people say he didn't do it, he did do it. God bless him on his journey. Is There room for him to come back? Is what I'm trying to get at. And 'cause, 'cause somebody like you, it takes other black people to to to keep that grace and that door open for people, other blacks that make mistakes. I work with him again. Yeah. Yeah. What I work with him Again. Would you cast him in something or Yeah, I would cast him in something again. Got you. Alright. He was a son to me You know. He was like, and he also represented me and he also represented the movement that I tried to, to start, which I didn't even know I was starting, I was so busy worried about cookie's, hat and the music that we were playing.


This was before Insecure. This was before Black Panther. This, we started that. It was a fact before all it. That's a fact. We didn't, they didn't even know what it was. That's a fact. But I was so worried about getting everything right is the phone right here? You know on the set that I didn't know what was happening in the zeitgeist. So Yeah. It's complicated. Yeah. Well we appreciate you and the film Deliverance is out on August 30th on Netflix. And thank you for joining us. It's in theaters today. Today, the first day in theaters. Amazing. It's on Netflix August 30th. 30th, August 30th. Yeah. We appreciate you for joining Us again. Thank you sir. Andrew Day, Lee Daniels. It's The. Breakfast. Club. Good morning. Good morning everybody. It's djj, NV Jess, hilarious charlamagne of God. We are The Breakfast Club. Lauren LaRosa filling in for Jess. And let's get to Jess with the Mess with Lauren LaRosa, Your news is real weather Hilarious.


Jess Moore. Jess don't do no lying. Don't She don't spell nobody Worldwide. Jess Worldwide mess on The. Breakfast Club. She's the coach. Lauren. Lauren Osa. I'm back. And I got the mess. Talk to Me. 50 Saint popped out Shreveport, Louisiana. You guys know he did the Humor and Harmony Weekend. And I know you had your car show there. Yes. So Hurricane Chris is really upset at 50. Let's take a listen to Hurricane Chris. You supposed to be a SA part of hip hop. You throw a mother concert in Louisiana and don't book no Louisiana Legends and put no bankroll in no Louisiana Legends pocket.


But you pay the police a half a million dollars. What type of as that You ain't with my city? You taking advantage of my city because cheap. And and and it cost way less than it cost. Where you from? And y'all stupid slow Mother So crazy that y'all gonna let this come down here. And I not show No Love To Louisiana. This ain't booked no Louisiana artist. This t book Big Pop ain't booked Bewi. This t book Hurricane. This didn't even go to Baton Rouge and get no, no Es or nothing. No. Webbies like with us came to take advantage of us. I don't understand us sometime y'all I really don't. That's what Mike Rubin was talking about. I really don't. That's That's what Mike Rubin was talking about.


We are so quick to put each other down. You, I mean, we could talk about everything that 50 did for Shreveport, right? He, he put millions into that city. He built things in that city that only hired Shreveport residents, only hired Shreveport Black residents to work on those people. And he has videos and videos of those actual brothers and sisters saying thank you. 'cause we needed the job needed to work the restaurants, whether it was Orlandos or Alexander's, which is big black businesses and smaller black restaurants that made


Hibernation season is over and it's time to get some sun outside. Gather your crew and hit the road in the spacious 2024 Nissan Pathfinder your gateway to larger than life adventures with spacious seating for eight and available panoramic moonroof. Everyone can enjoy the journey and soak in the scenery of the great Outdoors. Plus with an available towing capacity of up to 6,000 pounds. And an available intelligent four-wheel drive feature with seven drive modes. You can take your favorite toys while adventuring on new terrains, seize the thrill, and start exploring with the 2024 Nissan Pathfinder today. Head over to Nissan usa.com to learn more Intelligent All-Wheel Drive cannot prevent conditions or provide enhanced traction in all conditions. Always monitor traffic and weather conditions. Towing capacity varies by configuration. See Nissan Towing Guide and Owner's manual for additional information. Always secure cargo.


Every week on Talk Easy with Sam Fragoso. I invite an artist, writer, or politician to come to the table and speak from the heart in ways. I imagine you haven't heard from them before. Some of my favorites are with Tom Hanks, Margaret Atwood, Questlove, Kate Blanche, and Oscar Isaac. If that sounds like a varied group of people, it's because it is. I always wanted to make a show where one week we could sit with a politician like Beto or Rur the next, an author like Ninja Lee or TV Titans like Bill Hader and Quinta Brunson. Basically this is a podcast driven by curiosity and an abundance of research conversations where people actually start to sound like people. In recent weeks, I sat with Dan Levy, Ava DuVernay, Benny BeSafe, and the editor of The New Yorker, David Remnick. You can listen to Talk Easy with Sam Fragoso on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts. I hope to see you there.


I'm Angie Martinez. Check out my podcast where I talk to some of the biggest athletes, musicians, actors in The World. We go beyond the headlines and the sound bites that have real conversations about real life, death, love, and everything in between. This life right here, just finding myself just, just relaxation this not feeling stressed. This is not feeling press. This is what I'm most proud of. I'm, I'm proud of Mary because I've been through hell and some horrible things. That feeling that I had of inadequacy is gone. You gonna die being you. So you gotta constantly work on who you are to make sure that the stars aligned correctly. Life ain't easy and it's getting harder and harder. So If, you have a story to tell If you come through some trials with you. You need to share it 'cause you're gonna inspire someone. You're gonna, you're gonna give somebody the motivation to not give up, to not quit. Listen to Angie Martinez, IRL on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts or wherever you get your podcasts.


It is summer and on NPRs Planet Money podcast. That means it is time to grab your notebooks and your headphones and tune into the economics crash course for your ears. Planet Money Summer School is covering the economic history of The World from the birth of money to the Industrial Revolution to modern trade policy. We've got the lessons to keep you sounding smart at the beach with help from real economic historians. Every Wednesday until Labor Day. Listen to Planet Money from NPR on the iHeartRadio app or wherever you get your podcasts.


Wanna know how to leverage culture to build a successful business? And omics is the podcast for you. I'm your host, Brandon Butler, founder and CEO of butter, a TL. Over my career, I've built and helped run multiple seven figure businesses that leverage culture and built successful brands. Now I wanna share what I've learned with you and on butter nos. We go deep with today's most influential entrepreneurs, innovators, and business leaders to peel back the layers on how they use culture as a driving force in their business. On every episode we get the inside scoop on how these leaders tap into culture to build something amazing. From exclusive interviews to business breakdowns, we'll explore the journey of turning passion for culture into business. Whether you're just getting started or an established business owner, omics will give you what you need to take your game to the next level. This is butter nos. Listen to Omics on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts or wherever you get your podcasts.


Much money. The Uber drivers made so much money. He did have Louisiana artists on there. He had Master P which performed, he had Fred o Bang, he had a bunch of influencers from Shreveport. I don't know their name, but I've seen their video. So he had a lot of people out. But the amount of money and things that he bought to Shreveport and and is continuing to give back to Shreveport, the kids in the community. And yes, he did pay $500,000 was the reason was is he wanted to keep the city safe while so many people were in the city. And for that five days when when 50 was there, there was not one violent crime. But did he book Hurricane Chris though? No. And the other local rappers from Shreveport. I'm like you you talking all of that. He Didn't book Hurricane Chris. But what he's saying is, is that there were local people that were booked. That's, I I'm being sarcastic Lauren, Jesus Christ.


He didn't know that. My God. You didn't his face. Yeah, because don't be coming with About to start clapping At. Because I hate When we, I hate when we do that 'cause it's like, yo, he didn't have to go there. 50 guy brand. He could have went anywhere he wanted to go. He didn't have to come to that. And honestly, If, you live in a place like she Shreveport, Louisiana, which a lot of us weren't checking for. I I know. I didn't even know that it existed prior to this. No shade. But I'm being honest now. See, that's just ridiculous. Lord. I didn't, why would I know that Shreveport, Louisiana is there. You don't Know Shreveport, Louisiana. No, I did not know about it before 50 brought the land there and was doing the studio. It made me look into, it made me look into why And I think it's dope. I think it'll create tourism, which will create money.


It Absolutely positively did. He brought Babe Babe, which is one of the biggest DJs down there. He be, he bought money on, on radio down there. He spent a lot of money. What people don't understand too is 50 spent his own money. There was no major sponsor behind that. Like If, you look at it, there was no You know. Usually you see Coca-Cola or Pepsi or this one or that. No. 50 paid that $6 million out his pocket to put that on. Lauren care about making it back. I heard of LSU That's in Shreveport. Yes. I didn't know that. Oh, okay. When I just think of Louisiana as Louisiana like it, I don't know. I never heard of, I didn't think of, I don't know, street Fort. And even with the car show, fifth called me. And so tapping with local people down there so they can, y'all could do the car shoot together. So it puts them on and you can You know, create a car culture there.


Like, I don't know. Y'all have all the street report people in my DM talking about don't come the street for it. You ain't heard of us. But that's exactly what Michael Woo Boo was talking about. Yeah, that was corny. I thought that that was bad. Well, Fredo B did respond and yeah, he spoke to being an artist that was booked. H he ain't book no artist Legends be there. He said, well what about me? I was there. He was there. He Performed. Yeah. The problem is no matter how much you do, there will always be one person If. you don't do something specifically for them. They will, they will say you did nothing at all. Oh, Luelle Luelle said that. Luelle said that there were no female comedians booked for this weekend.


And that leans into the misogyny in the industry. I wanna say that the game is still so misogynistic because I just heard about this comedy festival that my dear friend 50 is having, like right now. And I haven't seen the paperwork. I don't know. But from what I have heard, there were several comedians on the plane. But not one female comic. Not one. This is the information I've gotten. And And I And I Love 50. I did Power. But there are men and women in the audiences of these show. Did you see Fat? Now Luelle complaint might be valid because outta all the comments I saw at the Human Harmony, I don't think I saw no Women say envy.


Scrolled on his phone now. No Novy. You here with us? I Didn't see no. Was there female comments? I I didn't see no women Comments. I I didn't see any female comics. Vote 50 responded to it. He said, He said it's proof that you can't make everybody happy. He said he loves Elle's work. That's why he made sure that they put her in ghosts and he said we saw her big ass. Oh, can I, I can't say that. You can say big ass. Oh, we saw her big ass was booked already, so we didn't reach out. He the only one that could call somebody a big back and not get upset at it. Stupid man. You think I didn't want Monique some more. Amy Schumer. They're on fire. So he's basically saying that maybe there were scheduling conflicts with the, the lady. So he did reach out to try to get some of them, but they weren't available is what he saying. He didn't specifically say that. He alluded to wanting to get some people there, but it didn't happen.


And he said they didn't even try to reach out to Elle because they saw she was already booked. Mm. They they went through an agency or, or they they tried to book these artists, these And I just know, 'cause I'm behind the scenes that they tried to You know book these comedians. And that's the reason why they did the comedy show on Thursday because most of the comedians were booked out. They work on The weekend. They work on the weekend. So that's why he booked it on Thursday. Oh, and then also think, I want you guys to realize, think about all the comedians he had. And it was only a 3000 venue. It was only held 3000 people because he, he, he couldn't get the right amount of people for the time. He got Dave Chappelle, Andrew, she, Kat Williams, and a host of others that a 3000 venue is sold out immediately. But the fact that Man, the moral of story is if Shree is Shreveport happy, did Shreveport make money? They sure did.


That's it. Did, did was it a fantastic weekend with no violence, no crime. Yes. Drop on a clues Bond for 50 cents. Okay, next year it'll be better. And all and all of these complaints that are being made now, I'm sure that they'll adjust for next year. I'm Gonna go to Shreveport next year. I told you I was like, I I probably could have met my husband there. No, I told Charlemagne that You, you're gonna enjoy it. We had an amazing time. Very safe, very comfortable. It was, it was a great, it felt like a homecoming. That's what it felt like. It looked like a homecoming. I sent it to my, my chat from my friends from college and was like, yo, we should have been here. They Don't want you there. You don't even know where Street report at. You said you not want you. Well That's how you learn this stuff. Okay? You from Delaware and don't know where Shreveport at. They ain't never heard of Delaware. I don't get offended when people say that.


When people say that I'm the first person they ever met from Delaware and they'd be like, is it black people there? I don't get offended. It's black people there. And. I could be the first one. I'm not a bill collector when I call answer the phone. We just need direct flights to Shreveport. That's the only thing. We just need direct flights. Yeah. The connecting is difficult. Well y'all got money book the private planes build a You know I ain't got no money. I don't got no money. I ain't Got no money, Money, Money. Come on into the ISI ain't got money. I dunno what she Talking about. Money, Money, money. Y'all Sit up here looking like money, talking on, I ain't got no money. Four after the hour, man. We Don get you man. Four. After the hour we gonna talk you right brain. Think about anything about six You mentioned, you mentioned the IRS Shook Up a little.


I don't wanna scare nobody before after the hour. We wanna talk colonoscopies. What? Colonoscopies. Yes. I was gonna say something about That's that thing that y'all went and did together, right? The last we didn't Go do it together. Went together, go get Colon, we went together. Go. Men should get colonoscopies, And, I. Don't want what I'm about to tell you to discourage you from that, but we'll discuss. All Right, we'll get to that. Next is The. Breakfast. Club. Good morning. You are checking out The, Breakfast, Club people in America. I really got Bronx from It's time for we in the Bronx. The craziest people in America come from the Bronx and all the four. Why does the Sunshine State consistently produce such strange news?


If I catch all as And I, whipper Virginia. It is just one of the many wacky news stories. Y four On The Breakfast Club it tell Ls U in Baton Rouge by the way. They did. Thank you. I don't know. Okay. I don't know what she for that. Is she the mayor of Shreveport over there? Relax, looking like a Lego Donkey today for Monday, August 19th goes to a doctor in Florida named ISI Pade. What does your uncle Shala always say about the great state of Florida? Say it with me. The craziest people in America come from the Bronx and all of Florida. And today is no exception. Now I truly believe humans don't care about each other like they used to.


Okay? Empathy is just a thing of the path. And. I believe it's because smartphones and social media have desensitized us to everything, especially people's feelings. Okay? It doesn't matter if it's emotional, physical, spiritual, mental humans just don't care about what other humans are feeling are going through. And when you a doctor, this is simply a trait you can't have. Okay? Doctors have to care for people. Doctors have to listen to you. They have to ask you questions. They must cons. They must show concern for your feelings. They have to explain things in a way that makes sense to you. They must include you in their decision making. Did I say they must show concern for your feelings? Okay, because Dr. Prasad did not do that. And that is why we are gathered here today. I need all my brothers of a certain age, 45 and up to You know come around the radio and let's bond together over a procedure.


Many of us have already gotten If, you haven't gotten it. You need to, but that procedure is a colonoscopy. Did your butt tense up when you heard me say that? Huh? If You know what a colonoscopy is, I'm sure those cheeks got tight. But If, you don't know what it is. Let me tell you. It's just a medical procedure that allows a doctor to examine the inside of the colon and rectum using a flex flexible tube called a colonoscope. I think I pronounced that right. Probably not. They will put something in your butt basically. But that's something they put in your butt could save your life because you could start getting regular screenings. You should start getting regular screenings for colon cancer at age 45 when Didd, you get your envy. 45. 45. Okay? And. I got mine at like 44 If. you listen to me right now and you say, nah, I'm good. No, no, no.


I'm 44 2. Yeah, I got my You got you 44. Yeah, I got mine, but you scared me. That's, that's made me think about it. If If you listening to me right now and you say, nah, I'm good. Simply because you don't want anything placed in your brown fruit loop, then ask yourself this simple question. Would you rather be gay or dead? Okay, I'll take gay for 500. Alex, worst thing about the colonoscopy is the prep you have to do the day before the drugs they give you are incredible. It's the same thing they gave Michael Jackson put you to sleep. They go in your balloon knot and make sure everything is good. You don't feel nothing slight anal pain when you wake up, but you will be fine. Okay? Well what happens when one is not sedated? Could you even imagine it being Hell? No. What happens when something is in your butt? Oh my goodness. And you can feel it, but your doctor can't hear you.


Well that is what happened in the case. Oh boy of Dr. Ishwari Pade. See, according to the Florida Board of Medicine, Dr. Prasad is facing disciplinary action because he couldn't hear the patients yelling in pain because he wasn't hearing a hearing aid. He wasn't wearing his hearing aid. You heard me correctly. Okay. That's crazy. Unless you two don't have your hearing aid in. You heard me. Dr. Prasad cannot perform colonoscopies for Dow. He's on probation by the State's Board of Medicine after two colonoscopy procedures went wrong under his care. My brothers hold onto your butts while you hear these stories. Let's go to Fox 13 Tampa for the report. Police A nine page complaint from the Florida Department of Health details. Some disturbing allegations against Dr.


Ishwari Prasad, a gastroenterologist in Tampa. According to the report, Prasad was performing colonoscopies on two patients and wasn't wearing his hearing aids at the time. As a result, a patient who wasn't fully sedated when the procedure began, started yelling, but Prasad couldn't hear him. According to the report. The complaint goes on to say the surgical team couldn't communicate with Prasad either. And finally, the doctor is accused of allowing an unlicensed surgical tech to perform part of the procedures, including inserting the colonoscopy scope. The Florida Board of Medicine placed Prasad on probation last week. He could no longer conduct solo procedures until he is cleared by a state approved supervising doctor. In an emailed response, Prasad claimed this was a false report and that he's contesting it with his lawyer.


What You mean it's a false report? I know my butt. Okay, first of all, let's thank God we didn't have to go through this when we got our colonoscopies round of applause for amazing doctors that we had. Okay, second of all, this man, Dr. Prasad improperly delegated the duty of putting a scope wear. I duty to a surgical tech. All right? The tech had no medical license, but you gave this man permission to insert a scoping my butt. Okay? Surgical tech. First of all, surgical tech. You didn't You know you didn't have a license. So what was your intention? If? you asked me. I think you was just back there for fun. Certain things you just don't let people do If. you a pilot, you just don't hand the keys to the plane to an unlicensed pilot assistant and say, here, take off. But that's not the one that's gonna make you bunkie hurt. Okay? Just thinking about it. All right? The fact, the one that's gonna really make you bunkie hurt is the fact that Dr.


Psad wears a hearing aid because he is hearing impaired and he has to wear it to allow him to hearing and communicate during procedures. But Pade was not wearing a hearing aid for at least one, if not both of the procedures detailed in the complaint. And this one was terrible because the patient wasn't fully sedated. Okay? According to the complaint, PSAD began inserting the scope prematurely. Ooh. Causing the patient to begin yelling. And the did, the doctor did not immediately stop the procedure when it was apparent the patient was not fully sedated and he failed to realize it because he couldn't hear the yells the poor patient wasn't fully sedated because of a problem with the IV line.


Okay? So according to the Miami Herald, Dr. Prasad continued to insert the scope despite being told to wait and begin to thrust the scope into the patient's chocolate starfish. While the patient shouted in pain, The patient was yelling and shouting that he was in pain and could still feel everything. And the doctor just kept on moving the scope inside his stink wrinkle while the patient was screaming in pain You know what makes the story worse. There was a hospital administrator in the room who told Dr. Prasad he needed to wait to which Dr. Psad leaned over the patient and shouted, I know what type of masochist are you.


You know how when you're not listening because you don't care to listen. In this case, Dr. Psad really didn't care to listen because he didn't even put his hearing aid in. So you just shake your head. Yeah, sure I know. And you don't know a damn thing that was Dr. Prasad in this situation. This man Dr. Prasad is out here pickpocketing, people's prison wallets, man. Okay. This man been put on probation and he will not be able to perform any procedures on his own until he's either evaluated for competency or performs 10 gastroenterology procedures. I know I messed that word up, but You know what I'm under You. know what I'm saying here. Okay. He have to perform 10 of those procedures under the supervision of a physician who will then make a recommendation to the probation committee.


I think he should have his license taken away. There is some jobs where there is no room for error. Okay? When you back there sticking scopes in my peanut butter tarantula, you should not be allowed to make a mistake. Medical malpractice is completely unacceptable. Okay? One of the main things a doctor is supposed to do is listen to you. That's how they fix what's wrong. So if he's not listening, if he can't hear, if he doesn't even care enough if put his hearing aid on, then he's got to go. Please give Dr. Ishwari Prasad the biggest hee-haw. How you forget your hearing aid? Mm. I know. Old people forget their teeth sometimes.


Mm. But the hearing aid That poor man. But that's what you care about. That poor man was screaming. But I mean that poor man was in pain. That's what we here to talk about. He'd be butts But pause, pause, pause, pause. You Can't pause but you need it in your sentence. Go ahead. But Pause. But, but there's usually, I know, but my procedure and you, you got a lot of butts in there. There was two men. Pause. 'cause I know how they're gonna cut this up. There was two men pause in the butt. Yo, I had no two in me. Now I had one man back there. It wasn't no two in my butt. It was no, it had to be a an assistant as well. No, no. Him and his. Yeah, but it wasn't tag team back again. That was not happening. What the hell is you talking about? No, but If But if I'm screaming like that, the assistant ain't gonna help me After I laugh, I gotta tell the doctor to stop because I'm gonna laugh at I already.


I know me. That's What I'm saying. Right. You a assisting, you scream. I know that first, that first scream. I'm laughing. I already know I'm getting my chuckle out after I stop laughing. Doc, what you doing Doc? Doc, chill out Doc. DW bro Out. He not gonna hear y'all. I'm gonna have to stop him. You gonna have to, the guy is yelling you going some that Physical contact. You need to tap him. You gotta get in between the scope and the butt. Yeah. You gotta take that Out the butt. Yeah. You gotta join in on the Phone. Listen, I'm telling you, man, they said this man was screaming in pain. Man, I couldn't imagine. Man, Man prematurely put the scope in, man. The man man wasn't sedated all the way, man. Because When you get it, you're on your side on man pop was on the other side and he just scream Prematurely from the side is crazy.


You Know what I'm saying? This dude ain't no bottom, ain't no bottomless booie. Jesus Christ. Ain't nothing going back there. And you do it without telling me, well, I'm not fully sedated. Send some healing energy to that man's butt, man. Ain't no healing fixing that. That man gonna feel that for the rest of his life. Okay. The man probably hit me on the radio this morning telling the story and his butt hole is begging for pain. Oh, right. Begging, screaming. Oh, right. I don't like the way you said begging. It was just so rough. Alright, Where you wanna go this morning? Hmm? What you mean where I want to go? Where? Nevermind, Let's what You Trying to go get another one Now? I was just saying, I I, I just wonder how many men have been through that. Like, but let's, let's do that another day.


Mm. Oh, If. you need some comfort. No, I, that has happened to me. I was knocked out. I was sleeping Good. Keep going. I'm not going no more. Let's clear, let's clear it up. All right, let's open up the phone lines 800. Clear your mind. We're not going there. 805 8 5 1 0 5 1. Carly Red You know Carly Red. She recently did an interview and says that nobody can contact her man under any circumstances. They have to go through her. You have audio right fast. I don't want your friends to be cool with your man. Not even if I die. Carly, not even If. you die. Not even. Why is that? Not even if me and you in the car, we get in a car accident. And, I need to go to the hospital and you need to call my Don't call him. Why? Because isn't that how they were? That's it. A surprise.


I'm not insecure or anything like that. Just don't hit up my man for nothing they said. So that is the question. Shout to L'Oreal the morning hustles in Atlanta. 805 8 5 1 0 5 1. Do you feel the same way? Don't contact your man for nothing. Let's discuss this. The. Breakfast. Club. Good morning, The. Breakfast Club. Morning everybody. It's DJ Envy. Jess Charlamagne, the guy. We are The. Breakfast. Club. Now Lauren Laro is filling in for Jess If, you just joining us. 805 8 5 1 0 5 1. Now, Carly Red was doing an interview with the Morning hustle, shout to L'Oreal. And she was talking about don't contact her man under any circumstances.


Let's play a quick clip of it. I don't want your friends to be cool with your man. Not even if I die. Carly, not even If. you die. Not even. Why is that? Not even if me and you in the car, we get in a car accident. And, I need to go to the hospital and you need to call my Don't call him. Why? Because isn't that how they were able to surprise I'm not insecure or anything like that. Just don't hit up my man for nothing. They shouldn't have his number. He shouldn't have theirs. No circumstances. What if they knew each other before If? you knew him before and you guys were already You know you guys were already friends. But if I introduce you to him, absolutely not. No If you knew him before. There's nothing I could do about it. You know. Y'all were cool Before. All right, so we're asking 805 8 5 1 0 5 1.


Do you feel the same way, Lauren? I don't feel the same way, but I mean, it's my close circle of friends though. Like You know what I mean? Like, I trust them, but IIII get where she's coming from because I mean, I know in my household and a lot of my friends household, one of the things you learn, your mother literally will say to you, you don't have your friends around your man and your house around your man, and you don't have your friends. Just, they shouldn't be contacting in, in parlaying when it comes to your man either. Yeah. I I mean, on the flip side, when it comes to my wife, I don't, I mean, if they're my friend, I, it doesn't, they're my friend. Like, I, I don't, I don't have a problem with that. If, if one of my friends is, is contacting my wife for something or they, they, even when we out and about when they're talking, that, that doesn't bother me. I'm, but you probably you got my they're my friend's friends.


So if if Right you're circle, they're because they're your friends. Yes, exactly. Now, if you're not a close friend, you're not gonna be around me like that. Sheme, first Of all, what did she say under any circumstances? Yes. She said, If I get in a car accident, don't call my man to let him know. See, that's crazy. Well died then. Okay. She said she would rather done, She said, that's the stupidest thing I've heard in my life. Yeah, that's too much. Like, why wouldn't you call your friend's husband if something is wrong? I'm, I'm showing most husbands are the emergency contact for the wives and vice versa. Who else gonna show up? Like who else gonna show up? You know. Like the husband will. That's just stupid. And she said it's not because she's insecure, but to me it doesn't, again, It's very much, much because she's insecure. There's A certain level of like, all right, y'all don't gotta be besties, but like in emergency circumstances, right? Like, who else you call? Who else am I supposed to call when I'm looking at the phone lines?


And a lot of people believe that. Like, let's go to Tisch Online. Eight. Good morning, Tish. Hello. Yes. Hey. Hey Tisch, what's your thoughts? I feel like do not call my Man.


Hibernation season is over and it's time to get some sun outside. Gather your crew and hit the road in the spacious 2024 Nissan Pathfinder your gateway to larger than life adventures with spacious seating for eight and available panoramic moon roof. Everyone can enjoy the journey and soak in the scenery of the great Outdoors. Plus with an available towing capacity of up to 6,000 pounds in an available intelligent four-wheel drive feature with seven drive modes. You can take your favorite toys while adventuring on new terrains, seize the thrill, and start exploring with the 2024 Nissan Pathfinder today. Head over to Nissan usa.com to learn more intelligent All-Wheel Drive cannot prevent collisions or provide enhanced traction in all conditions. Always monitor traffic and weather conditions. Towing capacity varies by configuration. See Nissan Towing Guide and Owner's manual for additional information. Always secure cargo.


Every week on Talk Easy with San Fragoso. I invite an artist, writer, or politician to come to the table and speak from the heart in ways. I imagine you haven't heard from them before. Some of my favorites are with Tom Hanks, Margaret Atwood, Questlove, Kate Blanche, and Oscar Isaac. If that sounds like a varied group of people, it's because it is. I always wanted to make a show where one week we could sit with a politician like Beto or Rourke the next, an author like Ninja Lee or TV Titans like Bill Hader and Quinta Brunson. Basically, this is a podcast driven by curiosity and an abundance of research conversations where people actually start to sound like people. In recent weeks, I sat with Dan Levy, Ava DuVernay, Benny Safie, and the editor of The New Yorker, David Remnick. You can listen to Talk Easy with San Fragoso on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts. I hope to see you there.


I'm Angie Martinez. Check out my podcast where I talk to some of the biggest athletes, musicians, actors in The World. We go beyond the headlines and the sound bites that have real conversations about real life, death, love, and everything in between. This life right here, just finding myself just, just relaxation this not feeling stressed, this not feeling press. This is what I'm most proud of. I'm, I'm proud of Mary because I've been through hell and some horrible things. That feeling that I had of inadequacy is gone. You gonna die being you. So you gotta constantly work on who you are to make sure that the stars aligned correctly. Life ain't easy and it's getting harder and harder. So If, you have a story to tell If you come through some tries with you. You need to share it 'cause you're gonna inspire someone. You're gonna, you're gonna give somebody the motivation to not give up, to not quit. Listen to Angie Martinez, IRL on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts or wherever you get your podcasts.


It is summer and on NPRs Planet Money podcast. That means it is time to grab your notebooks and your headphones and tune into the economics crash course for your ears. Planet Money Summer School is covering the economic history of The World from the birth of money to the Industrial Revolution to modern trade policy. We've got the lessons to keep you sounding smart at the beach with help from real economic historians. Every Wednesday until Labor Day, listen to Planet Money from NPR on the iHeartRadio app or wherever you get your podcasts.


Hello Everyone. I am Lacey Lamar And I am Amber Ruffin a better Lacey Lamar Boo. Okay, everybody, we have exciting news to share. We're back with season two of the Amber and Lacey, Lacey and Amber Show on Will Ferrell's big money players network. You thought you had fun last season? Well, You were Right and you should tune in today for new fun segments like Sister Court and listening to Lacey's steamy Dms. We've got new and exciting guests like Michael Beach. That's my husband. Daphne Spring. Daniel Thrasher, peppermint Morgan J and more. You gotta watch us. No, You mean you have to listen to us? I mean, you can still watch us, but you gotta listen. Like if you're watching us, you have to tell us. Like if you're out the window, you have to say, Hey, I'm watching you outside of the window. Just, just You know what, listen to the Amber and Lacey, Lacey and Amber show on Will Ferrell's big money players network on the the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts or wherever you get your podcasts.


Like we don't, I don't play no games. So If you get your, you Start being nice and naive. They'll start, they'll start making like they'll do whatever they do, whatever. And like, I, I'll hunt you if I die, whatever. Don't call on me. I don't, I don't think y'all listen into the full context of what Carly Red says. She said, under any circumstances, if I get in a car accident, if something goes wrong, like why wouldn't you see, do You know? The problem is all you got is a man and not a husband. So you don't want him to call your man 'cause that's just your boyfriend. But If, you got a husband. Of course you supposed to call the husband. Well, luminous Onin, look at me. I got no husband. Luminous. The light in the dog says how you got his number. Anyway, somebody else says, yeah, you can call their mom. So, and then somebody says P Ramsey oh four 20 says she's definitely insecure.


Let's go. Yeah. Depending on how old you are, the mom probably 70 something years old. You supposed to call the husband or the wife when something bad happens to a significant address. I just feel like they would also know, like especially in a medical situation, they know on your daily what you doing. Yes. What medicines you taking? Your mom might not know that. Hello? Who's this? Hey, it's Victoria. Hey Victoria, what's your thoughts? Yes, I just feel like you should be calling my man for no reason, but in an emergency. Definitely. Like he talking about if I'm in the hospital. Wait, What world do we live One time? How they gonna call? Huh? In an emergency. If they can't call him like they, how do they even have each other's contact then? Well, the time I was getting locked up, I, I told him his phone number. The phone number is this, this, this call my man, call him now.


And we was, we was in an argument and everything. They was the whole, he was the whole reason the cops came, call him tell him to bail me out. So you mean to tell me if I'm this Is the Number. So you mean to tell me if, if, if your friend's husband is the emergency contact, right? And and you see that he's the emergency contact, you still not gonna call him just because you don't want nobody calling your man or you don't think you should be calling your old friend? Man. No, that's what I said. In the case of an emergency, yes. But like for, I don't any other reason why, unless you're trying to surprise me. But that's why Carly Red's statement is astronaut because she said under any circumstance, if I get in a car accident, don't call my man. So So then Charlotte, you get into what you're saying, thank You.


Little jail emergency. Little jail. A little happens, but no, nothing for no other reason. Thank you mama. I I understand What she meant by little jail. 'cause sometimes it's little situations, but so if it's not an emergency, can your friends call your wife My friends? Yeah, they can. What it's for? Yeah. It depends. I don't care. Absolutely What it's for. I, I'll do you one difference. So my phone on vibrate, the only person that can break through that vibrate is my wife's phone call. So like a lot of times when I'm outta town and right before I do a club, if I'm sleeping, they can't wake me up, they'll call Gia and be like, yo, can you call him and wake him up? And that's the only way they get up. Everybody got my wife's number 'cause that's how they gotta get in touch with me is through my wife. Y'all Are in different circumstances. Maybe let's start asking the, the callers like where they are in their relationships because, And that's exactly right.


'cause I've been, like I said, I've been with my wife for 26 years. When you're talking about like 30 family members. Yes, I have, there's male family members like one that I in particular that I know that will text my wife about things that got to do with business. Yeah. You know what I mean? Like I'm cool with that. And I, I'm And. I'm sure that if You know my, my wife's friends, if they needed, they wanted to surprise my wife or something. Yep. You know they was trying to do something for my wife. They would ask me And. I got like with my, with my friend's wife, my, my wife's friends, like one in particular salute, Kimbo, Kimbo. I, I I call Kimbo for all types of stuff. You know what I'm saying? Because Kimbo gets things done. S Luther Kim out there in the 8 0 3 to Metro. So yes, I don't, I don't have a problem with that. Listen, I Don't think that's just marriage either. Go ahead. Envy. Well let's, let's, let's take some more phone calls when we come back.


805 8 5 1 0 5 1. What are your thoughts? Some lady says, do not call my man. Don't call him unless it's an Emergency. Boy, you sound ashy. She sound ashy. I can hit ass Around your mouth. She asked. We'll do it when we come back typing that. We'll take your calls when we come back. It's The, Breakfast, Club. Good morning. Morning everybody. It's DJ Envy, Jess. Hilarious. Charlamagne the guy. We are The Breakfast Club. Lauren LaRosa is filling in for Jess and we're asking 805 8 5 1 0 5 1. Now Carly Red says, do not call her man for anything. Not even she said not even emergency. Right. Don't call her at all. Right? So if she's going through something, don't reach out to her man. Don't text, don't call none of that. What are your thoughts? Let's discuss. Be dead. Calling like somebody What if, what if that man is the emergency contact and You know he's the person that know about all your medical history and everything else.


Why would you like that? Makes no sense to me. But Carly has also had a lot of people were pointing this out, but she's had a lot of issues where she, I know she keeps saying it's not insecurity, but I it her past. I can understand where she, why she not understand, but I, I see where it's coming from. She shouldn't be in no relationship at if that's how she has to feel about everything, have to move Though. Well just, Frankie said, we live in a day and age where your sister would f your man slash husband. So yes, your access to him will be very limited. Don't call him. Oh Lord. Now B Callaway said, call my wife all day long. I don't care. It's called trust. Somebody says, I don't know about all day long now somebody says, don't bro, if you're sick, she gonna have to, she gonna have to cry on somebody's shoulder. So don't let it be some new dude.


Alright, well let's go to the phone lines. What? I don't know what You know how they be saying like, women are vulnerable when they go through breakup. So like your friend will slide in. Hmm? Bella. Hello? Hey Bella. Good morning. Good morning. How are You now? You don't want nobody calling your man? No, I you could call my man as long as it's about some money you could give him a call. But if it ain't about that bread, no thank you. Do not disturb. Damn. Okay, Bella. Hello. What's your name? Mama Ksa. Hey Ksa, what's your thoughts? What I think is don't call my man for nothing. It not even on my death bed. My, my kids was going contact me, don't call on my man for no light bulbs, for no flooded house.


Nothing. I don't care what the situation is and you ain't gonna have his number anyways. So My wife friends will call me all the time. They'll call me if, if they're going to look for a car, they'll be like, what car do you suggest? Or if they got a man, they be like, it is my man's birthday or Christmas, what should I give him? Like they'll call me. My wife got no problem with it. But a lot I'm trying to tell you No, it it's not about, it's not about we have no problem. I I just feel like that, that that's not no type of relationship. That there there's no relationship. If you If you want information. One thing about me is I know about cars. I know about how on me best believe I can help you trust If. you need, you need your break fixed. Or I can find tomorrow baby, I can show you how to do It. Okay? She said I'm Google. Don't don't even call my man. I'm Google. I got you.


Okay, here we go. Here we go. Hello, who's this? Hello, this is Mia. Hey Mia. Good morning. What's your thoughts? Good morning. I feel like Carly Red is just very dramatic and in the wrong. If If, you can't trust your friends with your man either that's those not your friends or that's not your man, but it doesn't work like that. Like how she saying. Okay, well thank you mama. No Problem. And I a lot. The, Breakfast, Club Don't. Alright, well what's the moral of the story if there is Imal? Moral of the story is y'all need to grow up. Stop being so insecure You. know what I'm saying? Find you a husband or wife that you can trust because y'all out here dealing with all these mans and these girls and y'all don't have no trust for these mans and these girls. And y'all think everybody gonna sleep with y'all mans and these girls and think your mans and these girls gonna sleep with everybody else.


Like yo, y'all need to find somebody y'all can actually trust and love and be committed and loyal to. 'cause this is ridiculous How you find that when that batch of men come out, when they drop, When that batch of women come out. See the thing is Lauren, you have to be what you are looking for. Oh please, okay. You need to be the change that you wanna see in The. World the man that you looking for Lauren. You gotta make sure you yourself LL cool Bayer now that woman, okay, are you the woman you looking for? Would you date you seriously? I'd be outside my house with a boombox. Don't talk that talk. Would I date me? Are you faithful? Would you be faithful to that man? If he's faithful to me, I would be all right. Okay, you talk that talk Lord. Yeah. What beauty is her name playing loud? Don't play with me. I'm Just asking. I don't know. I heard some things If. you be DMing me like You know you don't be telling the full story.


Who DMed you? Wow. It's a lot of guys. They be like you was the problem In which relationship? I don't know because all the access is calling back. Hey, it wasn't that much of it's been the, I got Like four dms and they be like, yo, Lauren is the problem. I'm making all this up. I Know you are because even if I was the problem they, they enjoyed the ride. Okay, We have Jess coming up. What we talk About we do. Speaking of problems, Marlon, Waynes and Vlad, they got some problems right now. Alright, We'll get to that. Next. It's the breakfast slogan. Good morning The. Breakfast Club. Morning everybody. It's Deej Envy. Jess, hilarious. Charlamagne the go. We are The. Breakfast Club. Lauren Lar is filling in for Jess. Let's get to Jess with the mess with Lauren. LaRosa Is real.


Jessica Robin Moore just don't do no lie. Don't do, she don't spare nobody. Why Jess worldwide mess on The. Breakfast Club. She's the coaches. Lauren, Lauren LaRosa back. And, I got the mess. Talk to me. So Vlad and DJ Vlad who does the sit down interviews for those who don't know and Marlon s are going back and forth right now. And this all stemmed from an interview that Vlad did with Ari Spears where he talked about reaching out to Marlon Wayne's team for an interview and Marlon Wayne's team saying that it would cost $40,000 to book Marlon because Vlad does pay for interviews.


Let's take a listen. Speaking of the weigh-ins, I'm actually gonna break this little story here. For the first time we reached out to Marlon Waynes about doing an interview and he had to speak to his person who You know coordinates this stuff. Do You know how much they asked for a Marlon Waynes interview? I Can't wait to hear it. 40,000 plus 30% of all future revenue. This is the part where I'm gonna show a lot of growth because once upon a time ago, I would've just like a chainsaw went and let my mouth run. And it probably puts me in positions that I shouldn't or don't want to be in. So I'm gonna take this moment to grow as a human being.


And back out of this, I actually would've been interested to hear what Ari had to say. Honestly, I don't know why he backed out of that one. But from that, a lot stemmed online. So over the last couple days, Marlon and Vlam been going back and forth. So there was someone who tweeted at Marlon and said, look, I think that what you said was right, honestly, you should have asked for more money and more revenue from future streams or whatever. VLA saw that and responded and said, Marlon's finally found somebody that agrees with him that has like 2200 followers. Nobody on this earth is gonna pay Marlon 40 K for an interview when he gets a hundred K to 300 K views on any platform. He interviews on this guy is really juvenile. So then Marlin got back at him, asked him was he mad? He basically said, you're mad at a black man for stating his number, which I thought was corny for him to say, and now you go public and use your platform to try and drag me.


I nevermind life dealt with this silly negotiation tactic. So Vlad was like, look, I'm not mad whatsoever, but when you break it down, no one's gonna pay you that because what you're generating in views isn't even going to generate me 5% moneywise what you're asking for. So Yeah, but Marlon's prices is price. And if a artist gives you a price, if anybody gives you a price, you just negotiate. And if Vlad feels like Marlon's not worth that, then you just don't do the deal. You move on. Yeah, that Marlin's price is what Marlon feels he's worth. And and Vlad who's a businessman, say, look, I can't make no money off of that. It's not gonna happen. Yeah, they, they taking, so Marlon said that. Marlon said, look, I'm, I'm worth whatever I say and I'm, I'm here for that. People like you don't make or break me, champ. I'm self-made all that stuff is what he leaned into.


So after this it kind of got a little messy. Like Blag started basically saying like, because of the photos he took to support his transgender, is it son right? Marlon has a Yes. Yes. Marlon. Marlon now has a a son because the transgender child. Yes child. Because of the photos that he took to support his child and like doing white chicks movie Marlon might as well come out in 2024. And it helped revive his career. So he's basically trying to say he's washed, Marlon is like, like basically you're doing this 'cause I'm a black man. Like all that stuff was unnecessary because at the end of the day it's like, just don't pay it and move on. None of this should be expressed publicly. Like none of it. Like You know, there's plenty of times You know you ask artists to do things or you trying to book a show or something and artists give you these astronomical numbers.


I can't be mad at them if that's what they make. I'm not going to You know go out there and put them on blast, say, Hey, can you believe such and such charges this amount of money? That's their price Happens all the time. That's That's their price. That Is their price. You could be mad, but like you said, if that's what they charge and then, yeah, You just keep it moving. I don't, yeah, I don't, I don't understand why all of this is public. Well, moving on to something else that was made public. So little Dirk, y'all know he's been going through like this, like new, I would say like self discovery, but he's just trying to be a better person. He came home from rehab, said he, he's not doing drugs no more. So recently he posted a photo and the caption of the photo had people a little bit confused. The caption said don't label me nothing but outside of a man, a father and a thousand percent Muslim signed the voice.


So he had to clarify it 'cause people was like, what is that supposed to mean? He said, I don't gang bang, I'm, I'm a Muslim. And basically what I was saying on the post in so many words is you can't do both at the same time. I'm the one who's gonna say it. So If, you follow me, you're a brother, a friend, a icon. If I need you to follow me to this new chapter of my life, when I make music, I rap what I've seen and what I've been through. I'm not telling you to go do it. There's a huge difference. The music won't change my life. My li the music won't change but my life goes well because there were some people that are like You know, like you promote so many other things now it's like I'm a father, I'm a Muslim. But it's like that's not the music that we get from Dirk. So it's not fair for you to even put something like that out. Yeah, But you gotta let brothers evolve, man.


And, I Don't know. We never wanna see people grow. We Never, never, like I I was old enough to You know listen to urban legend, not urban. Well let's go back to beat before that I was old enough to listen, I'm serious and urban legend and all of those albums. But then come all the way around to hear You know ti evolve into something else or even a Jay JayZ evolve into That's right, something totally different. Give people a chance to grow Snoop Dogg the same way I Always wanted to ask people. 'cause like You know, we hear all these like hip hop stories and like whatever, and it's kind of hard to imagine Jay-Z other than what I know Jay-Z as Now did y'all see that for like a Jay-Z for like an nas? Like when they were like y'all were younger and they were Yes y'all did. You did in The music.


Yeah. And on videos and stuff. I didn't know them personally, but yes, you see the Girl If, you see the evolution absolutely anything with Jay-Z. But like, but like Jay-Z where he is today. You were like, yo, he gonna be like you. You could see that. Then Jay-Z was when when Jay-Z first came out, he was hustling. Like he was pushing records. Like I'm sure some people push drugs. He was out here hustling, he was club to club, he was doing what he had to do. So I seen it in Ho, I seen it in Nas early on. Absolutely. Positively. Yeah. I'm just talking from the perspective of how they changed came from the street and what they used to talk about in their music compared to what they talk about now. Perfect Example is like he said, Jeezy, Oh My god, Jeezy went from Trap or Die Trap Or die hustlers to just being involved. So y'all need to be in therapy. I feel like we, we got the witness, I got the my, I got the witness Jeezy a little bit of Jeezy.


I wasn't surprised by that either. So in final news, Doja Cat, I'm excited about this one. Doja cat has a new boo. So Doja cat was spotted out in London with Joseph Quinn who was from Stranger Things. Y'all watch Stranger Things? No. Okay. All right. He's not, he don't really matter for real. So they were out on the town or whatever. I mean, I'm just saying that because of the story's really about her, she, this is a story about when a woman slice. Oh yeah, he white you right, continue. Yeah, Well that's how I knew y'all wouldn't care about him. I already knew. I said in the room, I said that he ain't gonna give about him. Literally if it's right, it ain't right up here. I Just said continue. I ain't say nothing else. I just said Continue. So Doja cat slid in dms of his co-star, the co-star put her on blast for sliding in dms and she was pissed.


She was like, I think she was like embarrassed too. But if she was like just saying it was corny, people were like, oh. So that's how Doja cat get down. She's sliding dms and it worked out. They outside, he grabbing on her little booty as they walking. Okay, what's A loop to Doja? Am I allowed to say that On the radio hand? Yes you Can. How does Dr. Al feel about all of this? Man, You got quote from You know DM totally against your boy. Alright, just asking. I just want know. Well That is just with the Mess with Lauren la So now let's get to the people's choice mix. Don't move, it's The. Breakfast, Club. Good morning. Good morning everybody. It's DJ Envy, just hilarious. Charlamagne the guy we are The Breakfast Club. Lauren Lar is filling in. And again, I just wanna say salute and thank you to everybody that came out to my car show this weekend. We had over 7,000 people.


Okay, south A little mo Little Mo popped up and, and yo performed just out the blue. Appreciate You. I didn't even know that was her when she, I heard her. I'm like, is she here? They was like, yeah, I ran to the stage. I'm such a Yeah now Little Mo just got on there and You know when we were giving away the cars, the, the leases, she was like start performing, which killed it. Shout to Base Swag, CashCo Bain. Shout to all the vendors and everybody that came out with their cars. Shout to thank you. Cardi B Offset. Thank you French Montana, eight Boogie 50 for giving me your cars. Thanks to the people that came, it was peaceful. All the food trucks. Lincoln Tech, I appreciate you for being my headline and sponsor every year in Monster Energy. Thank you so much. All right. And also I gotta say Hawthorne Chevy for giving Away the two year lease and also Eastchester Jeep salutes everybody at Eastchester in the Bronx.


What it is. So I just wanna say thank you so much. I appreciate you giving the the kids haircuts. Shout to John the barber house of Experts. It was so many people. Lauren LaRosa, thank you for pulling up. Of course. But You know what I learned while I was there. What's that? A lot about cars. But also people really listened to that little thing over there. People kept coming up to me talking about the new new thing and also about my underarms. What Are you talking? I'm the little thing over here. Yes. What you mean If I get one more people in person were like, don't let him tell you that you need to shave your underarms. I know they shaved. I like to the point where I, They were shaved the day on Saturday and then they like, they would shave the day other day of the day. I mentioned it. Yeah. I I was so happy to be here. People Listen, they listen to, they listen to everything. Like they, they, the first thing they said is, yo, your bed don't look crazy.


I don't know what y'all ain't talking about. No Listen first I don't A T-shirt like this. This lady gonna say to me, you wore that T-shirt today. Huh? I said, what she talking About? First of all, I want y'all to understand something. The day I said Envy's beard look crazy, it really looked crazy. Am I lying red? Am I lying? Anybody that's up here the day I said Lauren needed to shave on her arms, she needed to shave on her arms. No, I didn't. That might not have been the case on Saturday. Don't. No. But Yes, No. And Lauren did say that people on Facebook used to confuse her for Lauren London and who they call her Delaware Nunu. Oh, why y'all mad at me for the state? And obvious I didn't make Things up. I think we need like a button where they like, you can like mute his mic where thinks he's talking You know how like you can do your old parents or they just like think they're going but they're going nowhere fast. Your old Parents Like get, when people get older, you gotta just let them go.


Oh, I thought you meant like you can get new parents. Like your old parents like you. I guess that's what adopted kids say You know my old parents, you just loved her. The ones that gave me a fucked up. Why you always coming from me? I'm me and my dad working on it. Oh my God, Jesus and And I don't even talk. Hey Dad, he probably listening. He be listening now It's Ute to the Tri-State and also You know Who pulled up Heavy Monk's Corner. Everybody's like, I'm from Monk's Corner. I had to ask, I said, yo, how many people are in Monk's Corner? Because they, I run into a lot of people from Monk's Corner. So shout to South Carolina, Carolina. They support so heavy. I appreciate you guys as well. And speaking of South Carolina, Charlamagne had his backpack, his annual backpack giveaway and fish fry. Yeah, I did. I had my ninth annual You know backpack giveaway, school supply giveaway this weekend in Monks Corner, South Carolina at the Berkeley High School student parking lot.


Man. So salute to the mini mart Caribbean cuisine for providing the free Jamaican food SLU to my dad Cowboy out there for frying the fish and You know SLU the Fanatics. Fanatics gave us some specialty backpacks, like backpacks that were themed around the Carolinas, Clemson and You know University of South Carolina of course and You know everything else we provided ourselves. So thank you to everybody who came out and it's just a blessing to be a blessing. Breaking news right now. Talk show legend Phil Donahue is pronounced dead at 88. Wow. His family confirmed the story today. His death was announced on the Today Show this morning. So they shared a statement from Donahue's family. He's hosted You know his talk show for 29 seasons.


He passed away on Sunday evening following a long-term illness. So sending a rest in peace to him. But he is like broadcast talk show legacy. Absolutely. For those of you guys who don't know, so send in some comfort and some healing to his family as well. Absolutely. Rest in peace, Phil Donahue. All right. When we come back, we got the positive note, so don't move it to breakfast. Slow. Good morning. Morning everybody. It's CJ Envy, Jess. Hilarious. Charlemagne the guy. We are The. Breakfast. Club. Now Laura Oz is filling in for Jess and each and every day you get your chance of some bread. All right, we're giving away a thousand dollars a day courtesy of Self financial If. you want a chance to pick up some money? All you gotta do is enter online at The Breakfast Club dot iheart.com and you can win some money.


And we actually got a winner on the line right now. Hello, who's this? Hey, this is James Jones. Hey, James Jones. Now you entered online for The Breakfast Club of for the Daily Bread Money. Yep. I did. I did, I did. Well congratulations. You just picked up $1,000. Congratulations, James, Man. Thanks man. That that, that's a good look. Good luck. Where you calling from? I'm calling from Akron, Ohio, but I'm from Savannah, Georgia. Okay. I was just in Akron, Ohio about what, two weeks ago. Okay. Okay. Me and Lisa Ray, we did a show a a old white party out there. Oh yeah, sure did. You showed down Saw on Facebook. Sold on Facebook. Absolutely. Well, congratulations. And for everybody out there listening, If, you want your share of the Daily Bread, just go online at The Breakfast Club dot iheart.com.


Appreciate you brother. Alright, thanks a lot. Alrighty, now, now Sha you got a positive note? I do Man. It's just a friendly reminder that you have zero control over how other people perceive you. So you might as well just be the person you want to be Anyway, have a great Monday Breakfast Club. Bitches. Y'all finished or y'all done.