
The new year is here, and I'm trying to keep things simple this year. One thing to help me keep things simple is Amazon Prime. It's the cheat code to staying locked in on whatever you need. It's not just fast delivery. Prime's a whole experience from Prime Video and Amazon Music to prime free one day delivery. It's got everything to keep my year stress free. Watching Thursday night football prime's got you with the same day snack delivery. Wanna chill after the game? Find a movie on Prime video and kick back with some Amazon music. Whatever you're into, it's on Prime. Visit amazon.com/prime.


Now At t has a new guarantee because most things in life are not guaranteed. Like getting through self checkout by yourself, not guaranteed. In a world where nothing is guaranteed, at and t is bringing something new to the table. At and t is introducing a guarantee with connectivity. You depend on deals you want and service you deserve, or they'll make it right. Learn more at att.com/guarantee. At&t connecting changes everything, terms and conditions apply. Visit att.com/guarantee for details.


Piece of the planet, Charlemagne tha Godhead. And I'm here to tell you about a great film that is coming out. It's called one of Them Days. That's right. It's a movie that's about to light up your weekend from the brilliant Mind of the icon, living producer Issa Rae and starring the dynamic duo, Kiki Palmer and Scissor. Yes, you heard me right? S CSA is going to be on the big screen she's built for film. It's a hilarious buddy comedy that'll have you laughing, cheering, and maybe even tearing up a little one of them days is serving up all of our Ives. Grab you girls and get ready to laugh only in theaters this Friday. Rate it all. Get your tickets now.


Life is an act of constant reinvention that's true for you and for cars. Nissan Reimagined the all new kicks around you. The Bowles Personal plus sound system with speakers in the headrest keeps you in the groove while the Nissan Safety Shield 360 technologies keep you safe. If Nissan reinvented the kicks, you can reinvent yourself. Drive the all new reimagine Nissan Kicks today Available Feature. Bose is a registered trademark of the Bose Corporation. Nissan Safety Shield technologies can't prevent all collisions or worn in all situations. See owners manual for important safety information.


Taking control of your career is empowering. Just don't tell my boss. I said that. Building a career isn't just about a job. It's about creating a path that impacts our community and future generations. Whether you're starting out or making big moves, State Farm is here to support you with resources to help protect what you're working hard to achieve. They've got your back every step of the way because like a good neighbor State Farm is there. Find out more at State Farm dot com.


Good morning, usa. Yo yo, yo, yo, yo, yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo, yo yo, yo yo, yo yo, yo Yo. Just hilarious. What that ass up Charlamagne the guy. Peace to the planet is Tuesday. Good morning. How y'all feel out there? Good morning. I'm blessed black and highly favored. Happy to be here for another day to serve our beautiful listeners. How Y'all feeling? Jess? How you feeling, Jess? I feel good. Yo, I got my daughter's ears pierced yesterday. Hey, yo. Her father almost died. Oh, it was crazy. We recording started crying after video. Yeah. He could not, he was like, nah, we can't wait till she won. I'm like, hell no. She wound up taking him out out here. Yo, he could not sit there and do it like it was sad. Like, you Don't wanna watch your baby in pain.


Your little girl in pain wanna Pierce to Me. You wanna hear something crazy. I ain't get my daughter, my daughter Madison Pierce because she was a teenager and my other girls don't have their ears pierce Yet. Damn, for real. I can't sit through that while that, that lady giving the shot and all that. And I can't sit through that. I can't do it. Damn. Don't go. I didn't. How you gonna be holding up their beauty? Yeah. Right. Because you can't sit there Emini here. N they'll get it when they're a teenager. So even when they do dance competition, they gotta put the clip ons and they hate it so bad. Right. Because they not no grandmother Still, still, but they Madison got it as a teenager and they'll get it as a teenager. I just, that's, and then I don't want 'em to move and to hold, be in different places. Yeah. But that's why they tell you to hold the top of the baby forehead, you know? And then you, and then you hold the body.


And she Was, did she cry a lot? Nah, she, she screamed one time and then she cried for like a good 30 seconds and she was good. Chris was still mad and for the rest of the day. See that's, see that's how I feel. That's the one him, he, He wanted, he wanted a, a fair one with the lady that did it. Right. I'm sure. See, shout out to Keisha at Claire at cla, but she Emini here. Keisha at Claire like she did good. And Why is Claire's the only place that does it? No banter does it? The place called Laa does it that you got the stands in the mall that do it? Everybody Go to Claire's for some reason. I don't know. That's where I went growing up. So I was like, you gonna go right to cla, you can get this nice dom ear. Well it's understandable why Chris felt that way. Nobody wanna see that little baby in pink. Not At all. Not at all. Just coming here every day looking like she dressed in a spinoff of Power Coat. Somebody. Somebody Told 50 in damn Chin chillers, sir.


Not just any type of F's. A chin chiller, sir. She called Me Monet Te yesterday. I know y'all. Alright, well today on the show we got Rashad and Troy from Earner Your Leisure. They'll be joining us this morning. They got a new book Out. Yeah. It say, first book is called Deserve Rich. You deserve to be Rich, Rich Master the Inner Game of Wealth and Claim your Future. It actually comes out today. Today, let start today. That's right. Yes. So we gonna be talking to them in a little bit. And then we got front page news. Morgan will be here and Happy birthday and salute to LL Cool J. Today is LL Cool J's birthday. Hey, the goat's birthday. So happy birthday to ll. It's also slick Rick's birthday. Ooh, Another goat. That's Right. Wow. That's The Breakfast Club. Good morning. Morning everybody. It's DJ nv. Just hilarious. Charlamagne the God we are The Breakfast Club.


Let's get in some front page news. Now in some sports last night, NFL Football, the Rams beat, the Vikings 27 2 9. So that was an upset. Yep. The Rams move on. Also, we gotta say Ty Tyson Fury announced that he's retiring from boxing. You know, he will retire at 34 2 and won Tie, I don't think 24 knockouts. I don't think we take into consideration how much Deontay Wilder and Tyson Fury took out of each other when they fought those three times. I Emini here. Really? Neither one of them has been, neither one of them has really been the, the same since. Since those three walls that they fought in the ring. That's right. But salute to that Warrior Tyson fur. Absolutely. Good morning, Morgan. Good morning.


Envy, Charlemagne and Jesse. Y'all doing all right? Yes, ma'am. Yes ma'am. All right, let's kick things off this morning. Talking international affairs. And the last days as President Biden was reflecting on his work in foreign policy and he spoke about how the Israel Hamas ceased fire deal is finally on the horizon. After working with Prime Minister Israel, prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu, Egyptian President, l ccc, and the Amir of Qatar to seal the agreement, he also bragged about his work to free Americans to obtained abroad. Let's hear more from President Biden. I've said many times we're in an inflection point. The post Cold War period is over.


A new era has begun. And the war between Israel and Hamas we're in the brink for proposal that I laid out in detail months ago, finally coming to fruition. We brought home more than 75 Americans by last count. And some cases it took months, even years of effort. And when it comes to, go ahead. No, I was gonna say I'm happy to hit that would've really helped politically if you know, he would've got this done months before the election. But here we are. Yeah. Well and when it comes to Russia's war in Ukraine, Biden added that US has delivered aid and garnered the support of 50 other nations to support the assistance in Ukraine.


Adding that there is more to do now. Meanwhile, secretary of State, Anthony Blinken, he also says a breakthrough in ceasefire talks is on the horizon. The Secretary of State caution that Mohamed Swar could pull his support at any moment though he added that without going into detail. That the deal's framework is, is the same as President Biden presented last May, which included hostage released hostages, released a Holt and fighting and an influx in humanitarian assistance. Let's hear those comments from Secretary of State Anthony Blinken. We've been working on negotiating the final details. Everything that has to go into implementation and time and again that's been delayed or derailed by some event. But now we're at a point, as I said, where we are closer than we've ever been.


The ball is isn't Hamas' court, but it's very close and we are very hopeful that we get it over the finish line. Finally, after all this time. Yeah. So Blink, You know what that was Morgan, when it comes to the Israel and Hamas ceasefire, I I, I bet Trump is gonna get all the credit for it because I can't help but wonder how much Trump's saying, all hell's gonna break loose if the hostages aren't returned by the time he takes office. I wonder how much that helped to speed up the situation that had to played a part in it. Yeah, Yeah. Actually, ironically enough, it has been said that Trump adding that he wants to see the deal before January 20th was supposedly instrumental in the recent progress. So Blinken actually noted that. Oh wow. Anthony Blink, which is, yeah, he said that, he said that now Trump's choice for president-elect Trump's choice for Middle East Envoy.


Steve Witkoff has been been terrible, terrible partner in this whole deal. But he is making it clear that Trump wanting to see the deal before January 20th has been instrumental in progress in negotiation. So Emini here, hey we, whether we like it or not, we are headed into a new administration and we want the best for you know, all the American people. Right? That's Right. And not, not just wanting to see the deal, just let's look at the choice of words. All hell will break out. That's right. If them hostages ain't released by the time I hit office. Okay, now you die. Now. Now when I get the catalog, now let me make me show you how Daddy ball. Right. Speaking of getting in office though, the inauguration is six days away. Senate confirmation hearings are set to get underway today for some of President-elect Trump's cabinet pick.


So basically that's the interview for various jobs to lead the different departments of the government. So here's the lineup. Doug Collins, a former Navy chaplain to lead the Department of Veteran Affairs. They will also look more closely at a controversial, controversial pick. Fox News host and veteran Pete Hegseth for Secretary Defense. Senator Mark Kelly and an Arizona Democrat told CVS has faced the nation, he has concerns about the nominee. While Senate majority with John Barrasso, a Wyoming Republican said he has confidence in hegseth. Let's hear from them. We need a qualified individual in that job. And he just does not seem to have the qualifications. He is very qualified, in my opinion. He has a record, a distinguished record of service as the whip.


My job is to make sure they get across the finish line. Any thoughts on those nominees so far? Nope. Alright, moving on. So former North Dakota Governor Doug Berger's confirmation hearing as presumptive interior nominee has been pushed back over missing paperwork. Now Republican chair of the Internal Energy and Natural Resources Committee, Mike Lee, announced the delay to ensure transparency and uphold the integrity process. This comes as Lee was blamed for breaching protocol in, in holding a hearing before having the paperwork for New Mexico. Senator Martin Heinrich. Now on Wednesday, South Dakota, governor Christie Noam seeks to become Homeland Security Secretary.


Former Congressman Sean Duffy is up for Secretary of Transportation and fracking executive. Chris Wright is up for Secretary of Energy Florida. Senator Marco Rubio is up for Secretary of State along with Pam Bondy's hearing for Attorney General. Now hearings for a long list of nominees will continue throughout the week. So we will continue to watch how our government will shape up as Trump inauguration looms. Any thoughts? Alright, well that's your front page news for 6:00 AM at 7:00 AM We will check in on the West Coast and see what's happening with the wildfires. All right. Everybody else get it off your chest. 805 8 5 1 0 5 1. If you need to vent, phone lines are wide open again, call us up right now.


One eight hundred five eight five one oh five on you. Convince, say whatever's on your mind. It's The Breakfast Club. Good morning. The Breakfast Club. Wake up. Wake up as Your Time to get it off your chest. Whether mad or blessed, we wanna hear from you on The Breakfast Club. Hello. Who's this? Hey, this is life. Hey, good morning. Get it off your chest. I just wanna give a shout out to all the burn ICU nurses all across America. One of my friends over the holidays was burned. Oh wow. And I just wanna say thank you and to all the burn survivors or burn victims or people that are not aware, they can go to WW dot Phoenix Society for Burn Survivors to get more information because I just wanna alert, alert everybody that is not aware that that's a long recovery for people that are not aware of what burn victims go through.


And my heart just goes out to those people because the process is hard. Yeah. And if you have not been through it, you just don't know. And people say, if it was me, this is what I would do. And I hate that statement because if it was you, you don't know what you would do. And you don't know what you would do if that was your family member. Right. Yeah. You know what I'm saying? And for that person that in my life they don't have a lot of resources and if I could just put my cash app out because I just, if I just wanna say thank you because those nurses are ama amazing to the Burn and Plastic Clinic.


I, it's crazy because the surgeries Emini here. These people have to go through surgeries. There's only so many burn clinics or for burn survivors, there's like four major clinics for each coast. So people fly in for these surgeries and for burn survivors and this is crazy. Yeah, I feel so sorry for your friend. You wanna put your cash app? Put your cash app out there Like LYSH, capital M. Okay. I just still wanna say thank you to all the burns ICU nurses.


Alright. Across America. Alrightyy. Now we'll be paying praying for your friend mama. Absolutely. Thank You so much. No problem. Get it off your chest. 805 8 5 1 0 5 1. If you need to vent, hit us up now. It's The Breakfast Club. Good morning. The Breakfast Club. I'm telling, I'm telling. Hey what you doing man? I'm telling, I'm call calling. Yo. This is your time to get it off your, whether you're mad or blessed. 5 8 5 1 0 5 1. We want hear from you on The Breakfast Club. Hello. Who's this? Hi, this is Nicole And Nicole. Get it off your chest. We know we need to pray for the individuals in California and the family, but I wanna get off my chest.


They need to do something about the grocery prices in the grocery stores. That's what they need to do something about. Oh I agree. Emini here. But you know that's, that's, that's the thing about government. Government has a lot of different issues to tackle at one time. Right. You know, and, and and Yes sir. And hopefully behind the scenes they are. You know, that's why you got so many different departments doing different things. Yes sir. But that's the only thing I wanna get off my chest. Other than that, I'm very happy with myself and the way things are going. Emini here, some other stuff you just can't do nothing about. You might as well just be happy. Alright. That's right. Thank you. She she's not wrong. And that's the thing that we all need to remember this year. The serenity prayer. God grant me the serenity to accept the things I cannot change. Courage to change the things I can and the wisdom to know the difference.


Hello. Who's this? Hey this is Mika. Hey Mika. Good morning. Get it off your chest. I've Been trying to get through for like a year or whatever but I just tell Charlemagne he is so handsome. Oh my God. Come on now. Tell me more. She blind Finally somebody called up here from get damn sense. She Blind. Yes. Charlemagne like you are just so Emini here. You're chocolate like me and you are just like a God like Adonis. Mm. Tell me more. You blind. Thank you. Look, you know what all praises do to you man. Okay. Hey Jess. Hey Boo. What's Up? The blessings, God is gonna bestow upon you because you have vision. Oh my goodness. Because you can see ma'am, she can't.


Mm. Yes. And I'm from Florida so you already know. That's Why. That's why the right mind. You ain't in the right mind. Florida. Amazing. We praying for you sister. Yeah we praying for you sis. You have a good one. Y'all too. Thank you. Keep from Florida And she blind. She ain't even mine. Y'all too man. Thank you. Hello. Who's this? Yo Vy. You know the bother Mellow? What's the word? Mellow. What's up? Mellow. Yo Mellow. What's going on in New York? You got Cam going at at Jim? Jim going back at Cam. What's going on? Mellow. I'm not even gonna hold you. We sit with Cam because respectfully you can see 1,001 videos. Yo Mac Taught Me How To Rap. Yo. Jim Jones. As a matter of fact, just a perfect segue because I had a problem respectfully this week.


First off before I get into that, good morning Jess. How you doing baby? Good morning, Meow. I'm good boo. How you doing Uncle Charlotte? How you Feeling? Peace King. Now I want that sexy Ry voice you gave Jess. Good morning. Yo say Uncle Charlotte, how you feeling? What? What you're not gonna do is do that. You don't talk to a grown ass man like that. But yeah, we sit with Kim because I'm not gonna hold you. I feel like older people, no disrespect Uncle Charlotte, but no older people. I feel like y'all have lost a sense of decorum. What? Don't put me in that. Nah, you, you 46, you greater than an equal to 50. Oh No, no. I'm a grown man but I got decorum. I know how to carry myself like a grown man. I act like a grown man. First off, didn't you smell the chair after Jennifer Lopez left the interview?


I was 12 years ago. That was 12 years ago. But My whole thing is this. Why, why do older people wait until younger people start stomping to give out important information? That's nobody been in. Like why do you wait for a Picture to go vi? Like why do you wait for a picture to go viral to tell me my up Gloria in the hospital. Like can we investigate that? Like This really pisses me Off. Is it? And then Another thing like why do older men like feel so bold threatening younger women? Like talking about your girl, you walk like that one more time. I'm like, like what type of threat is that Older you. That ain't an old, that ain't an older man thing.


Now I, I get young boys do that too. We just was having this conversation last week. I ain't never hear that come from a young nigga. I ain't never Hear that. But I'm saying young boy men are, you heard that from An older person. You Absolutely de Three times than juice. Yeah. They say Things like that. How old Chiko. Chiko ain't old is he? She ain't 40. He like 56. No Ain't that old man. He looking at his hair. That's how he, his Headline Chico Ain't that old man. Yeah, Chico like 30. His His hair look like DJ Envy beard like oil. Oh right. Oh right. Yo. Chico. Chico 37. He'll be 30 years. Let Chico Yo Chico and Carlos Miller do act like they 20 years older than The well older. Carlos is not 56.


He in his forties. Oh yeah. Chico old like that. Carlos definitely in his forties. Get it off your chest. 805 8 5 1 0 5. Oh we got just with the mess coming up. What we talking about? Yo, This New York beef is making me sad. Yo, I don't know whether you know the pick Jim or Cam. I don't know. I got a crush on Jim so I'm, I'm riding with Jim but I don't know. I don't know. We gonna get into it. I'm sad. It's weird. It's weird. It's weird. But we'll discuss when we come back. It's The Breakfast Club. Good morning. The Breakfast Club Morning everybody. It's Steve. JNV just Solaris Charlamagne the guy. We are The Breakfast Club. Let's get to Jess with the mess. Real Robin Moore just don't do no lying.


Don't do, She don't spell nobody worldwide. Jess Worldwide mess on The Breakfast Club. She's the culture shooter. She was able to get y'all to see something and understand something that nobody could get you to see. It's time to set it off. Yo, I'm extremely sad about the beef. I don't know if it's just the New York ish that got me. Like what? I don't know if this is Hot Niggas beef in New York, but the Jim and Cam thing is crazy and Lauren, I got some questions about it. I really do. I know it's like backstory and all that. But for Cam to, in my opinion, he acting like he ain't never had nothing to do with Jim at all. Yeah. Like It made me sad And I know that people were like, oh they've been doing this.


It's not the first time but me as a fan, it made me, it made me sad. But there's a lot to it. So Cam yesterday came back to it is what it is, which is a show with Mace and Treasure Wilson and people have been waiting for him to respond and boy did he respond, the the the first of all he sets the scene Mace's eating popcorn. So you already know that it's down to watch a movie. Yep. You already know it's about to go down and Cam is like, listen, I wanna get into this first before we get to anything else. 'cause Treasure Wilson is like, y'all wanna go sports, y'all wanna go with the people been saying, he's like nah, let's get this out the way. Let's clear the air. Right. So as he opens up and starts to talk about it, the first thing he says is like, let's set the record straight. Jim Jones is not even from Harlem.


Right? Dang. And and that stuck to the point where like even Wikipedia, if you look up Jim Jones right now, go on Wikipedia. They have his location where he's from as the Bronx. Which is crazy because you know Jim's a Harlem guy. He got the song moving right now. Harlem. So how are you not from Harlem though? Emini here. I don't know where anybody, anybody from I'm that that confirmed. I don't know where anybody is from. I'm just, you know, I don I They all got Harlem World tattoos though. So if you knew he wasn't from Harlem back then why didn't get the Tattoo? Why know back then, Listen, I don't know, I'm not from Harlem, but they said, I guess they said he was from the Bronx but he stayed at his grandmother's house in Harlem And Cam said that he said your grandmother house, yes your grandmother house was in the Bronx and you was there. But basically the whole point of the opening of what Ken was saying is, is like you, you really, you really weren't around.


We brought you around. He went through a bunch of different freestyles from like back from like 95 and was like, yo Jim, where you at? Like you really were not around. We brought you around and what hurt my heart the most. I was like the first like real shot he took, he caught Jim Jones a fan. Let's take a listen. I never needed nowhere to stay. Dude. You act like on your couch, you was a fan. You begged us, You Were A Fan. A fan. We didn't go out with you. I am from a hundred and 40th and Lennox. I am from NFL Up. The Blockers 40 Wol Lou Simpson on hundred 42nd Crown Square defer on number eighth Avenue. I don't see you around none of this. So you could sit around and act like you've been around all this Harlem and everything.


You ever see somebody from Harlem try to act like they from Harlem so bad that you gotta keep saying, I'm from Harlem. From Harlem. Know who's from Harlem. You don't have to keep saying you from Harlem. So that's first and foremost, you were feared out and you begging s to come to your house after you heard all these mix tapes. That's how you got in. Oh that's not like us on a different level Emini here and it's crazy. That's crazy. No, but it's crazy because right now, like I said, Jim Jones got that song Har like Harlem. Like he's, he's literally taking shots at that as well too because the song is all about him saying multiple times I'm from Harlem. And I think a a lot of it is just like, 'cause when Jim sat down with Justin Laboy, which is with the re this response is in response too.


That's why people Need to stop sitting with Justin Laboy. Don't do my boy like that. Don't do my boy like that because honestly I'm not even gonna hold y'all. Like that interview started everything but Justin Laboy was asking questions that people wanted to know and he, nah, He was absolute To Justin. Yeah And he's from New York so he's like, yo, I grew up wondering all of this stuff. And he just got the backstory on a lot of it. And he started all this. But like the point that he's trying to make because Cam Emini here, just Jim Jones, when he talked to Justin Laboy was like basically like, you know, the Dipset motion came from me. They didn't take care of me but it came from me And I was around and they, and they got to a point where they act like I wasn't. So I had to do what was best for me. When we was talking about the, the performance he did with 50 cent back in 2007 when Kim and 50 was beefing, Cameron also responded to that.


Let's take a listen, I, this all started 'cause I asked 50 cent a question. Cool. I thought it was cool to ask 50. The happened 20 years ago, however many years ago. I thought it was all good. I got no problem thinking yo. Okay. He tricked out. They spot came in the spot. I don know 50 said it. Well I thought it was funny when he said that but I didn't think it'd be a big deal because you make up where every put hands on you. But I see the pattern there if don't agree to disagree with you and don't want to take it that route. 'cause they got some genuine love for you. You keep going on and on and on. Every that put hands on you and you get talk. You cool with him Y'all? That's nasty work. Nah, that's nah, there's no coming back from that. And, and and, okay so we just have that clip.


But I to follow what he said after that, Cam then started to break down all these different beefs that he says that Jim had, that a lot of people know about some of them, for instance, the, his issue with Menis and he like, yo, it wasn't even that Menis put hands on you, gunshots was let off there and now y'all sitting down, y'all homies, y'all cool French Montana, you tried to run him outta rap, you tried to run him outta New York and then you went to a, a movie premiere where you know French Montana was making fun of you in the movie. And you sitting there watching the movie, he talked about Mayo. You know Mayo and Jim got lobby boys and they did the whole project and he like, yo, there was one time where you tried to press Mayo because that freestyle Mayo did when he was mentioning all the rappers. And Mayo had to remind you like, I'm not one of them, but now y'all homies. But when I tried to agree to disagree because I got love for you, you keep poking the bear and I'm confused because I got real love for you.


But everybody else is fair. But when I sit down with somebody that I've been able to make up with, now you got an issue with and then you throwing shots and you taking jabs and, and the jabs didn't even just come at him. They were at Mates as well too. So let's take a listen to that one. You said they ain't got that One. Oh we do have it audio too. Mace the rap. You was, you was so cool. And we was like, yo Jo, Mo's a nice guy. Mace like, yo, I think I'll teach him how to rap. Mace actually taught you how to rap. Literally. Literally he taught you how to rap. You don't say it. Matter of fact, preemptive Clay and Mace helped me learn how to do actually learn how to rap. Mace showed me how to rap. Mac actually showed me, he was the first person to show me how to rap.


Mace actually sat me damn and showed me the magic to rap. The Yo are not a compilation of Mace. How Rap the internet did that. And they grabbed that from the internet. But when we come back, I I we got a, 'cause I I do wanna hear y'all thoughts on this. For me it broke my heart as a Dipset fan. I'm like dang. Even though they do this all the time, it's like that shit man. Yeah I had a whole crush on Jim Jones. I ain't gonna lie, I'm standing behind 'em. I don't, we actually, nah 'cause I ain't trying to get hit. I'm just Shocked they ain't moved all these issues over after all of these years. Like this is not even the first time that we've heard this heard this. No, You could tell it's always been a problem in the situation. But trying to prove that another grown man is really a bitch is Wow. Oh no, no, it got real bad. Got real bad. We got more doing. That's, Yeah, we got more audio.


It got real bad. We, we Gonna have to come back. That's in New York. But see what Dip dip set in the diplomats was Cameron like Cam, that was Cameron Ron. So Cameron, Ron and Juels were the rappers, right? It Wasn't just Cameron. Well lemme let Finish what I'm saying Jules. It was freaky. Let me finish what I'm saying. Cameron, Ron and Juels were the rappers. Freaky Zeki and Jim Jones was the muscle, right? That that's what it was. Right? If you say something about Cam, Jim Jones was popping up at the radio station, right? With 30 people outside. That's how it was. Jim started to rap after that. But diplomats was all of those four brothers. But Cam was the rapper. Juels was the rapper. Jim started to rap late. Jim was more the muscle. Jim was the one that was outside. He was the one that was getting the troops. La Goon. He was the one getting going. So that was, that was diplomats very, that's how that whole thing was very important.


He was the one that was running around in the clubs. Not just the, the bougie clubs, the dirty clubs, the dirty strip clubs with that flag making DJs play it. And if anybody violated, he was the one that was sending the moving the movement. And that, that's how the diplomats thing started. So It strange. So it's strange to hear Cam act like it wasn't real. Come at this man. Like that's wild. That's the part that I'm not like, really, and that's why I think it broke my heart. I know we gotta, they they wrapping us up. But in the next hour I wanna play a clip to your point envy of, of Jim being the muscle from, you know what Emini here, like what you understand, Him and him and big and big Joe. Big Joe was the security back in the day. They, they used to run to the radio stations, the clubs, the, they were the ones that were running around New York City. Kim Even like was like, nah, that that wasn't true. That's not it. Let's, let's tell the real stories about what happened when people really ran down on us.


So we gonna get to that at the top of the next hour. Okay, We'll get to that next. And then we got front page news Morgan to be joining us and then we're gonna be kicking it with Rashad and Troy. Millings, of course from Earner Your Leisure. We'll talk to them next. So don't go anywhere as The Breakfast Club. Good morning. Morning everybody. It's DJ NV Jess. Hilarious. Charlamagne the guy. We are The Breakfast Club. Let's get in some front page news. Now let's go up for some quick sports. The Rams beat the Vikings last night, 27 2 9. Also Tyson Fury. Now he's retiring from boxing. Not mad at that. You know what I'm saying? Like I said earlier, I don't think we realized how much Tyson Fury and Deontay Wilder took out of each other. Go back and watch them three fights and, and watch the war that they both weigh on each other. And neither one of them were the same since.


And also, I, I don't know if, if this is something that you would love Charlamagne, they're saying that Jerry Jones has talked Deion Sanders regarding the head coach position. I don't want that soon to Deion Sanders. I love prime time. I love the prime effect. I, I like Deion Sanders being a leader of young men in in college. I don't, I don't wanna see Deion Sanders, at least not the head coach of the Cowboys. And I just don't, I don't see how that would work. Like how would d you really think Deion Sanders could coach against his own kids? Especially if, what if Sha Door Sanders goes to the Giants and the Cowboys gotta play the Giants twice a year. You really think that's the position Dionne wants to be in? He would have to. I just don't, I don't, I don't, I don't see the, the, the reasoning for him to want to be the head coach of the Dallas Cowboys. Honestly. Good morning Morgan.


Good morning in the Charlemagne and Jess. Hilarious. Y'all good? Yes, yes. Yeah. Okay, so in case you missed it, we are talking about what's happening out west with the fires President Biden, he's announcing a one-time payment of $770 to each resident impacted by the Los Angeles wildfires. The amount is a standardized amount provided by FEMA's serious Needs assisted program.


The New year is here and you wanna stay locked in on whatever you're into. Amazon Prime is a cheat code. See a lot of people think Amazon Prime is just about getting those packages delivered faster than you can say. I forgot to order that. But really prime is not just one thing. It's all things. A place to stream movies and shows with Prime video, Amazon music and that free one day, same day delivery is everything you need to make the season stress free. Picture this, you're watching Thursday night football and Prime video and the friends are coming through. You need the last minute snacks and drinks. Prime's got you. You want to kick back and chill after the game. Prime Video's got the movies and shows to keep your night rolling. And if you wanna wind down Amazon music's got the playlist to keep the vibe just right. So whether you're hosting, chilling, or just trying to make it through the hustle of the week, I know I'm doing all things above. Just know prime's got your back. It helps you explore, discover, and get more of what you love all in one place. So visit amazon.com/prime to get more of whatever you're into. Whatever you're into, it's on prime. Visit amazon.com/prime.


Now At t has a new guarantee because most things in life are not guaranteed. Like actually getting the rental car you requested or your wedding turning out just like you dreamed it would. And someone making another pot of coffee in the break room after drinking the last drop of the last one. Yeah, don't get me started. Not guaranteed. In a world where nothing is guaranteed, at and t is bringing something new to the table. At and t is introducing a guarantee. With connectivity you depend on deals you want at service you deserve or they'll make it right. So if you wanna know more about the at t guarantee, head to att.com/guarantee. At t connecting changes everything, terms and conditions apply. Visit att.com/guarantee for details.


The World is constantly changing. If it's up to you to decide how to respond, choose to be bold to try something new. Choose to reinvent yourself. That's what Nissan did with the all new totally reimagined kicks. The dynamic new exterior styling immediately announces that Nissan isn't messing around the interior. A completely redesigned cabin with premium features like wireless Apple call play and a panoramic moonroof make driving a kicks immersive and exciting. And with new performance and safety features like intelligent all-wheel drive, the kicks is both fun and safer to drive than ever before. It is the dawning of a brand new era for the Nissan Kicks. Only one question remains. Is it a new error for you as well? Drive the all new Reimagined Nissan Kicks today. Available Features compatible device service and consumer activation of Nissan Connect Services. Package required use only when safe and legal subject to third party service availability. For more information, see Nissan usa.com/connect/legal. Apple CarPlay is a trademark of Apple Link Intelligent all-wheel drive cannot prevent collisions or provide enhanced traction in all conditions. Always monitor traffic and weather conditions.


What's up is Angela Yee and listen up. We've got a movie that's about to light up your weekend. It's called one of Them Days from the brilliant mind of producer Issa Rae and stirring the dynamic duo. Kiki Palmer and sza. Yes, you heard me right SZA on the big screen. It's a hilarious buddy comedy that'll have you laughing, cheering, and maybe even tearing up a little one of them days is serving up all the vibes. Grab your girls and get ready to laugh only in theaters this Friday rated art. Get your tickets now.


Hey fam, this is Carlos Miller from the 85 South Show. If you're like me, you are always thinking about how to level up your career. Maybe you're fresh outta college, just starting in your field or even looking to switch things up and find your true calling. Whatever stage you're in, remember that this is your time to grow, to learn and to build something that lasts. State Farm understands that early career development is key to long-term success. They've been a steady presence in our community and they know having the right support early can make all the difference. State Farm is there to help you make smart moves and to help you get the coverage you need. We all know that the journey to success is a marathon, not a sprint. It's all about staying focused, staying grounded, and making sure you're protected every step of the way. Let's build our careers with confidence knowing that State Farm is there to support us just like they've always been because like a good neighbor State Farm is there. Find out more at State Farm dot com.


Let's hear more from Biden on that payment. People impacted by these fires are gonna receive one time payment of $770 one time payment so they can quickly purchase things like water baby formula prescriptions. Yeah, so Biden was joined at his desk in the Oval Office by Vice President Harris and FEMA officials earlier this week amongst others. And the death toll is as it as it report reportedly, is up to 24 people with California Gavin Newsom saying there are likely to be a lot more. We're learning more about the order suspending some environmental requirements to speed up wildfire recovery efforts in LA County issued by Governor Gavin Newsom.


It suspends permitting and review requirements under two environmental protection acts. They are the California Environmental Quality Act and the California Coastal Act. This will apply to residents planning to rebuild their homes and businesses destroyed by the Palisades and Eaton Fires. Let's hear more from Governor Gavin Newsom, the California governor about LA 2.0. That's what he's calling it. We're already organizing a Marshall plan. We already have a team of looking and reimagining LA 2.0 and we are making sure everyone's included, not just the folks on the coast. We're starting to organize how we can put together a collection of individuals on philanthropy or recovery. How we can organize the region, how we can make sure that we are seeking federal assistance with efficiency.


Like the executive order, I talked about time value of delivering projects, addressing building codes, addressing permitting issues and moving forward to rebuilding and being more resilient. We talked about this a little bit yesterday. Envy your thoughts on fast tracking these types of things you think it'll be terrible on the backend or you know, something you might be dealing with on the backend or you think it could be for the better. I I look at both sides. I think it'd be great 'cause they could start, you know, getting those houses back up and getting those structures back up. But if there's nobody policing the actual work, you know, people will cut corners and you don't want that either. You don't want somebody to cut corners on a house or a structure or something that they're building and they're not actually watching the, the proper policies. 'cause you don't want 'em to fall down. You don't want any problems.


But you know, right now it's gonna be a money grab. Like these people are gonna be trying to build these buildings and these houses fast to make more money. So I do, I do think they need some type of policing And I still want to know, like when you build the building, like you feel comfortable building there, knowing that you may not get the proper insurance you need from when a situation like this happens again, happens again. Right. Because a situation like this will absolutely happen again. Yeah. And it will affect insurance rates, right? 'cause insurance companies can see the damage and, and unless they put some type of, of, you know, something in it where you know it, that can stop that from happening. Like maybe, you know, I know they were talking about people having sprinkler systems put in their house to keep their house moist and wet so their house wouldn't catch on fire. They'll make people to, you know, to to make sure that they have that in those homes.


Yeah. And Emini here, what that's the, that's been the big issue about the state, right? They said the state regulators have not let insurers charge premiums that fully reflect the risk and costs. So that has to change as well. Right? Right. Alright. Yeah. So a lot of changes need to be made before you even talk about building structures and fast tracking and getting people back. But yeah, meanwhile, Southern California officials, they say the fight is not over and crews are prepared for wins to pick up dramatically as they continue battling wildfires in the area. Los Angeles County Fire Chief Anthony Maroney said weather conditions continue to pose a fire threat. Let's hear from him. Severe fire weather conditions will continue through Wednesday.


Please be assured that all fire departments and all law enforcement agencies in the area will be prepared. The anticipated winds combined with low humidities and low fuel moistures will keep the fire threat in all of Los Angeles County critical. So it's important to note that this has, they've been fighting for about a week now. The Palisades eaten and Hearst fires erupted last Tuesday. More than 92,000 people are under evacuation orders while another 89,000 are under evacuation warnings. What were you getting ready to say Now? I was gonna say, and also they gotta figure out, you know, how to stop this. Meaning if you pay money for your taxes and your taxes is supposed to take care of your fire department and your police department, but like in the police department, they're fighting, they don't have bullets.


How does that help? Like in the same thing with the fire department, there should be no way that there was no water in them. Fire hydrants, right? You pay all this money in taxes, you pay for these things just in case to make sure they protect you. But if there's no water in the fire hydrants, if the police have no water pressure to, to, to put out these fires, where is all that money going to? Who is supposed to be doing the checks and balances to make sure that these things are, are working and that these things are safe? And if they're not that person or that department needs to be changed or fired or something, you know? 'cause that's, that's the main problem. And somebody commented on that yesterday too, envy about what you said about the fire hydrants. They said that the, the fire hydrants, there was 114 tanks in total, all of which were fully filled before the fires. However, the three water tanks in the Palisades were unable to be refilled because of high demand.


Mm. That's what it was. Yeah. Yeah. I did hear that The pressure or the pressure was on the fire hydrants weren't as strong as it needed to be. 'cause of also the, the demand of pulling water from, you know, They said four times the normal demand was seen for 15 hours straight, which lowered the water pressure. Yeah, well that's just so unfortunate. But that's your front page news. I'm Morgan Wood, follow me on social at Morgan Media. For more news coverage, follow at Black Information Network. Download the free iHeartRadio app and visit us at BIN news.com. Thank y'all. All righty. Now when we come back, the brothers from Earn Your Leisure will be joining us. Rashad and Troy Mills, they got their new book that's out today. You deserve to be rich, you deserve to be rich. And we're gonna talk to them next.


It's The Breakfast Club. Good morning, The Breakfast Club Morning everybody. It's DJ Envy. Just hilarious. Charlemagne the guy. We are The Breakfast Club. We got some special guests in the building. Yes, indeed. They got a new book out right now. You deserve to be rich. All right, ladies and gentlemen, Rashad Al and Troy Mills welcome. What's Going on? Good morning, brother. What's going on y'all First how y'all feeling man? We good. We good man. I feel like a book is is Overdue for y'all. That's a fact. Yeah. Yeah, it's a fact. Yeah. People long overdue. Yeah, people kind of felt the same way. Right? It was one of those things where like, when's the book coming? When's the book coming? Everybody ask us questions everywhere we go. Where's the book coming? What's Here? I want to, so what, so what is it about it? Do you break down how y'all started and how y'all got together?


Or is it more about financial literacy or is it both? Both. We talk about like how we started the backstory. So it's like six different people and it tracks their journey. It's like a single mom. Somebody had just graduated from college. So, and then like real life situations. Like, okay, this person's credit is messed up. This person needs to get a single family home. So we are teaching, but it's in story format. That's been the, the whole point of our platform, right? Like we highlight people. That's relatable. So it's better than us just like teaching from a whiteboard. So we put it in story format and it teaches you about crypto stocks, real estate credit, but like in an entertaining way because it's in story format. So it's like a pathway for financial freedom and everything that we talk about just like in a concise encyclopedia type of format.


Yeah, Yeah. It is designed for, you know, the audience or the reader to identify with one of those characters. And if you don't, you know somebody that is identifying with them. Well, you said we share stuff in there as well. So like when we talk about financial trauma, that's something unique to us that we had to experience and go through. And what were the lessons we learned from it? Obviously being where we're at now, there were mistakes that were made along the way, but we've grown from 'em. Here are the lessons that everybody else can learn from 'em as well. How Do y'all break down everybody's journey's different, right? Because somebody might look at your journey and say, you know what, I'm gonna jump on, I'm gonna do a podcast. And then they'd be like, after six years they'd be like, I'm not where they at? You know what Emini here, or you know, you see people say, all right, I'm gonna jump on the, you know, on the book thing. And they'd be like, I ain't where Charlemagne at. So, so what do you tell people that because people like to follow what people do and sometimes everybody's journey and everybody's path is different.


The success you guys have with podcasts is not gonna be the success of somebody else that's trying to do a financial podcast. So what do you tell people in that point when it comes to investing in crypto with things like that? Investors For everybody. So anybody can invest in stocks. Anybody, you know, can buy real estate. Anybody can do crypto. That's for anybody. Now business is a little different. 'cause you, you're right, you're not gonna have the same success as Breakfast Club just because you're passionate about talking on the microphone. So that you have to really dig deep and see, okay, what am I passionate about? But also how can I help people? That's, that's, that's really our thing is like, how can you help people, right? Like a lot of times people go into business for selfish reasons just to make money. Like, we did that before. It didn't work. So what did work was when we actually had a platform that actually helped people, right?


So you gotta really look at yourself and say, okay, what am I passionate about? What am I talented? That's another thing too. Like there's a certain level of talent to it. Like people think that everything is just easy and it's like you gotta have a level of skill to be successful as an entrepreneur no matter what you're doing. So that takes a little bit more like self evaluation, working with other people. And then sometimes you don't have to be the main part of it either. Like you could be part of a business and it's not your business, but you have a great skillset. Like you're a great tech guy, right? Somebody else is great with ideas. Now you come together. And that's a, that's a way to kind of be part of a, of a business as opposed to just being the Elon Musk forward facing ultra, you know, alpha entrepreneur, the diddy of it all.


Elon Musk is like the Diddy attack. But you know, Elon, you know, you look at how powerful he is, he's, he was really powerful if you think about it by just listening, right? Just, just think about any of these dealerships, right? Or any of these car companies, whether it's Toyota, Ford, you name it. Do we know who runs them? Do we know who owns them? Do we see them out? No. Right? E even with Elon, you look at what made Tesla so big, he listened to people. Now when, when they started fi well not finding him, when they started taxing him, what did he say? You know what I'm, I'm, I'm gonna drop $30,000 off all my cars. We've never seen that before. Move to plant to taxes when somebody could go get a lease for $199. You never seen that before. So Elon Elon's probably smart man, probably one of the smartest people in human history. But he's dangerous. He's very dangerous. He's a very dangerous person.


And the agenda that he's pushing, like even I telling you about this DEI thing, it's disturbing. But you say things enough and people just start to believe it, right? And it's like this attack on DEI, it's just, it's like a politically correct way to say really. Because if you think of there is no DEI, if you think about it, like there's less than 1% of Fortune 500 companies that have black CEOs. There's 7% of people in tech that are black. That's less than half of the black population percentage wise, right? So there's no DEI, this whole thing of DEI is just an illusion. But it's, it's really like there's some places in The World where they have permanent underclass, like India, where you can never rise above a cast system. And that's just like a caste system. Yep. So this whole thing, DEI thing, I think pushing, the reason why it's so dangerous is because if they say this enough, what they're really saying is that no black person is qualified for any job that's not just menial.


We don't want y'all leading. Yeah. Right, Right. Any job that's meaningful, that's not, you're not qualified for. So if you have a meaningful job, the first thing that they can say is, oh, you only guy because you are black. That's right. Right, right. So they don't really want black people to have any, any level of power anything at all. And that's something that he's pushing these champion that. So why you guys say like, okay, you're the richest person in The World. You put $200 million into a campaign and then you got 200 billion out of it in six weeks you're worth 400 billion. You're gonna become a trillionaire in five years. So why is it so important for you to push DEI? You know, it is funny you say like, people got mad at me because I said last year that these corporate DEI initiatives, well bullshit. Because a lot of them weren't for us by us. You can't have a bunch of white people sitting around creating DEI programs for us.


And that's why they were so easy to get rid of. And I think you guys know, you know better than most when you have real equity in something, you can't just take it away. Yeah. And I Think you can't control what you don't own. You can't control what you don't own. It's like leasing, like you don't own, like you don't own the car, you gonna give it back. Like they put these DEI initiatives or it's like the record industry, it's like music industry. They give people these record labels. They, what does that really mean? It's still under universal. Nobody owns a record label. Nobody owns a record label. It's just distribution that they giving you. It's a title. You just a manager. You could be replaced at any given moment. Liquor company, the same thing. All of our billionaires became billionaires because of partnerships. White billionaires became billionaires because of ownership. Innovation. It's a different, you've seen, we've seen what happened with ye they could take a partnership away.


Now you're not a billionaire yet. You've seen what happened with Diddy. You can't take Elon Musk because hiss ownership. He has ownership in the company that's in the stock market. There's 5,000 companies that's in the, on the stock market. Seven are black outta 5,000. And that's a decrease. It used to be 12. Like, you know what I'm saying? Like this. That's what I'm saying. People don't really look at it from that standpoint. It's like, Well, when you say take away, they, they, they, they did several ties with Ye, but they still had to pay him Out. No, but I'm saying he lost his billionaire status because it was tied to Yeezy brand. Right. And Yeezy brand was Adidas essentially. So he owned a hundred percent of Yeezy, but it was really nothing without, without Adidas. But YY sold his portions of, Of Yeezy. No, you can't sell what, Remember when he had all of the backlog with Adidas and they had to, they had this thing merchandise him.


Merchandise the merchandise Me he still Had to use. But I'm talking about the actual equity in the company. You can't sell what you don't own. Yeah. He didn't have no choice with that. He couldn't sell the number. He didn't want it released. They released it anyway. Absolute. It's essentially, That's just the merchandise. Listen, you got a licensing deal. And I, I love Eazy. Like he's he's one of my favorites. But I'm just saying, he, he'll probably tell you it was a learning experience, right? Like it's, it's all a facade. But what do, How, how do y'all feel when like, all of us were out supporting Diddy, right? When he had the liquor Right. And drink Ciroc and this, that and the other. And then it comes out that he didn't own it. He, he had 30% equity. But his pathway, his pathway was to ownership. Yeah. He made a mistake. People were not, were not taking ownership in Ciroc then The Deion. Yeah. But that Was, that was a process in itself, right? In order for him to get the first deal, that was part of the stipulations, right?


He had to first prove it. And he did it with Ciroc. And people were like, oh. We felt like, oh, he owns that. The next thing was Deion, which he's gonna have a hundred percent ownership in. Right? So we saw that getting pushed and that led to the local 50%, 50%, 50% ownership inside of that. And then the way it was being marketed was a lot different than it was for Ciroc. Right? We, when we saw Ciroc, it was like the jet skis. And it was a huge push for that. And when it was came time for Deion, you didn't see that as much, right? Share. Did you see Deion market it like you saw Ciroc marketing? Hell no. Just young Miami. Is that a, was Is that a Coincidence? Coincidence? No. Tell you, we not being honest. You don't find that Su we're not being honest. Deion wasn't that good.


It's all good. No, no, no. Not only was nobody's taste Wasn't that good though. Rock was Like a, a connoisseur. Listen, I don't, I, I don't, we not liquor want tequila drinkers. Nobody's like a liquor. I'm tequila to Casamigos. That good? No nasty. You drinking it to get drunk though. Like all of that shit. But Casamigos got embraced by the coaches just like Roc did. Why? Because did, he was pushing the mother Casamigos. Oh, I don't know why Amigos Got, because rappers put it in their songs, I guess. Same thing with Tequila. And George Clooney ran up to a billion. Ran up to a billion. All right. We got more with the brothers from Earn Year Leisure. Rashad and Troy. Millings don't go anywhere. It's The Breakfast Club. Good morning. Morning everybody.


It's DEJ Envy, just hilarious. Charlamagne the guy. We are The Breakfast Club. We're still kicking it with Rashad and Troy. Millings, the new book You Deserve to Be Rich is out today. But I wanna ask you, chapter 10, you talk about entrepreneurship in, in a beautiful struggle, right? So you guys have a lot of people that come to you that work a nine to five and want to to be entrepreneurs. And I always, it always comes back to when Dame Dash was up here and told people that, you know, pretty much you shouldn't work a nine to five. You should be your own entrepreneur. What do you say to that with people coming out, especially with this landscape of what's going on in The World today? What do you say to those people? I, I, I don't think it's one thing or the other. I think it could be both. And I'm a testament to that. So like, while he was having that interview in 2015, I was a phys ed teacher.


2018, when I think we finally came in contact, or 2019, I was still a phys ed teacher, but I was starting a business. Why? Because I knew that my salary was not gonna provide the life that I wanted long term for my family. And so one of the things of being around entrepreneurs like Rashad and our other partner of Mike, I'm watching them create their own freedoms. I'm watching 'em create their own salaries. I'm watching them being able to create generational wealth from something that they own. I, I would've worked in that school district for 20 years And I didn't guarantee anything for my kids. And so I always tell people like, your nine to five is your first investor. I looked at the school district like this is an investor, right? They're getting return on their investment. 'cause I show up every day. I'm making sure I do my job. The kids are enjoying it. They're learning the growth. Is there that money that I made?


Now I gotta figure out how I can number one, invest it. But how can I create business? At the time, earning leisure became that business. And now you got the guy who was a nine to five that now was doing entrepreneur stuff on his break. Like I'm shooting ads, right? When Shout out to Black Effect when we were doing that. I'm shooting those on my lunch break. I'm shooting those in the bathroom. Everything I'm doing is, I still got the nine to five. But Now I'm having this entrepreneurial journey. Eventually the entrepreneurial journey took me out, my nine to five. And now this is the full-time thing. So I You could do both. Dang. Probably, in my opinion, the most impactful interview that you guys have ever done. I Think it ages terribly, but continue. Why? Why? Terribly, Terribly 'cause Of who he, 'cause of him. Sort of kind of. But I think the missing piece of that interview, what y'all do, the missing piece of that interview was the how.


Well, That's the thing Who's Listening. Damon are great at saying things but not fully explaining it and then kind of going off the rails sometimes. But he, what he did do in that interview was to get a lot of people focused on entrepreneurship. It's, it was triggering for a lot of people. But it's important. He went to the extreme. But entrepreneurship is important. That's vitally important. And especially in our communities, even most black entrepreneurs don't employ any people. But that's really not, you're not really even an entrepreneur at that point in time. You just are working for yourself Emini here. So as far as the business side of it, for him to kind of say that it was insightful. And I think it, it definitely got people thinking like on a different level.


So to answer your question, I think everybody doesn't need to be entrepreneur, but we do need to encourage entrepreneurship for sure. And like you said, you can, you can be a, an employee and have a business as well. There's no, there's no job security. No. An entrepreneurship now. No, no. And or any job Really. Right? Right. Like there's no jobs. We talking about AI is gonna take 200 million jobs in the next 10 years. No job that you have. You can Just say, okay, I'm just gonna work this job and I'm gonna be okay. And even if you do work that job, your wage is gonna stay the same. So inflation is going up and wages are staying the same. How, how, this is why debt's going up. 'cause people is making up for what they're not earning and money and they're putting it on their credit card. So entrepreneurship, like, we always gonna push that.


That's very, very important. So tell you what a book is, you deserve to be rich, but like what, what is your definition of rich worth? You know, versus wealthy? 'cause I wanna be wealthy. That's perfect. Yeah. Is that in the book somewhere? I can figure that out today. Like for my kids and, and, and for, you know, how do I, we Actually had this debate about whether we should use, he wanted to use the word wealthy. Yeah. Mm. I did. I know. We gotta talk to the people. Yeah. And I know rich is a word that we still figuring this thing out. Yeah. Like, you know what Emini here as far as as, as a people, What is rich? Yeah. So you gotta crawl before you walk. Right? So wealthy is the ultimate goal for sure. But you gotta get rich before you become wealthy.


Yeah. But yeah, I know you was gonna say something. No, I, I was gonna say exactly that, right? Like the first step to building wealth is you gotta get rich. Yeah. You gotta figure out what systems you're gonna create to make sure that you can have money in your account. That is number one. You can invest, which is gonna help you get rich. And then wealth is something that's forever and we want everybody to have it forever. But we know that it just takes one person in the family to get rich. Right? So like, now you become the CEO of your family. Now how do you allocate that? And that's part of the book too. It's like, yes, a lot of us in here are CEOs for our families, but nobody has the, the guide to tell us what to do when we're not the ceo. E how do you now lend money to your friends? How do you say no to your, your cousins, right? Right.


Like nobody tells you how to do anything. How, how do you now prepare for your children, right? Got like, I know you just have a new one. How do you now prepare for your child to make sure that the, the wealth that you've now created is now passed down? We always talk about wealth in our community, but again, it's all first generation. Envy your first generation. You're first your, we are first generation. How do we make sure that it gets passed down to your kids? We don't know. Right? How do we make sure that it gets passed down to your kids' kids? That's generational wealth. That's what we've seen in other communities. Yeah. But there was never a guide. And that's why we came out with the books. It was like, here's the guy, here are the steps to make sure that you have sustainable wealth. Not just generational, but sustainable. 'cause that's the goal, right? You, your kid shouldn't have to work as hard as you did to get to it.


So first get rich and then we're gonna be wealthy. The intro is the American Dream remix, which I, which I find fascinating 'cause how, how would you define the American dream in 2025? Yeah, the American dream. We say like the American dream is a lie. 'cause it's like the American dream is work hard and you know, have your family and you know, and that's only a recipe for just to be stressed out and to be broke for your whole life. So hell yeah. The dream, the dream for me is to be able, like, even going back to like, what is rich people say? Like what's your definition of rich? Like I feel like when you can live life on your turn Mm, that's a blessing. Like when you can wake up when you want, when you can travel when you want, when you can, you know, go to the restaurant and not have to worry about how much money you have.


'cause you know, you got it. Like, you know what Emini here, like send your kids to school. That's how I look at it as far as like, you know, being rich. Like not just having to worry about day-to-day struggles and you know, pinching Peter to pay Paul and worrying about how you gonna get enough money to pay rent next week and stuff like that. So that's my American dream. Yeah. You know what Emini here, being able to, being able to employ people that's important. Like we employ probably 30 people. Like that's a good feeling, man. It's a good feeling to actually be able to support somebody else's economy. Yeah. You know what Emini here, like, you're responsible for them in, in a certain sense as far as how they, how they put food on their table. Like, you know, that's like how we really moving this thing forward. Yeah. It it, it is a, it is a personal situation for me.


First generation American parents from Jamaica, the American dream was get the big house with the white picket fence and have a d and my parents actually got to it, but they didn't have financial education. We lost that house. I ended up living in a basement. And so like, the dream has to be remixed because everybody's not starting at the same point. Right? Had my parents started with education, who knows. I don't even make it to this point, right? So like, everybody's dream is gonna be different. We used to be pitched at, but we're seeing a lot of different starting points. We're sign, we're starting to see a lot of new innovation. We're starting to see more people that look like us create wealth. So people are creating their realities more than their dreams, right? Like somebody they just asked us, did you have a dream that it would be like this? No. Who thinks that you're going to create a, a podcast that turns into a media conglomerate that's educating millions about finance?


Nah man, you, I just wanted to make six figures when I was in middle school. That was it. And this is, we're turning realities and now people are finding like, hey, my reality is more important than some of those things I dreamed about. They could be goals, right? But we gotta turn these things into reality. All we got more with Rashad and Troy from er Your Leisure. When we come back, it's The Breakfast Club. Good morning. Morning everybody. It's DJ Envy, j hilarious Charlamagne the guy. We are The Breakfast Club. We're still kicking it with Rashad and Troy from Earn Your Leisure, the new book You Deserve to Be Rich, master of the Inner Game of Wealth and Claim Your Future is out today. Charlamagne, You you got a chapter called Paying the Other Tax. What's the other tax? Like Friends, family, you know, black, it's a black tax. Oh.


Like you're responsible for that for a lot stuff. Y'all know what that is? Emini here. Like, so Yes, you gotta make sure that your, your family's taken care of. You gotta make sure that your parents take care. You gotta take sure. You know, Especially now. 'cause you told 'em they deserve to be rich. You deserve to be rich on your own. That's a, that's a separate edition. That's a separate edition. But they gotta believe it. And the money principle chapter, you say how you feel about yourself is reflected in your relationship with money. What is the connection between the two? If you don't love yourself, then you're gonna make bad decisions. It goes back to a lot of different psychological things as far as, especially with us. Like, you know, we have a inferiority complex that we never really fully acknowledged.


So when you go to Dubai, you don't know who's who. 'cause everybody's dressed the same. You might have a watch, you might, but other than that ain't nobody knows. They everybody, they dress modest men and women. There's wisdom in that. We have to have a better chain. Yeah, we gotta have a better car. We gotta have a better watch because we want to let you know that we have more money than you. But can we talk about mental health real quick? Please? That's a big part too that I think we should, we should talk about as far as when you start getting money, like it's not really talk about a lot. They should, they should have like mental health professionals. For people that's just getting money, Especially in sports. A hundred percent Every Yeah, every aspect. 'cause there's so many different things that you gotta go through mentally that you don't, you can't prepare yourself for.


Yeah, I was thinking about that. You know, when I was, I was listening to Mark Zuckerberg on Joe Rogan and even guys like Elon Must who prepares them to be multi-billionaires with that much power over The World. You don't, and that's why you just start being Elon and just think you Doing whatever you want. Yeah, yeah. And try to figure out how to conquer, right? Like how many times have you talked about financial trauma at in your household? That type of trauma never gets spoken about and it's real, you know what I'm saying? These are real things that are happening on an everyday basis. But the first thing is to understand where the trauma comes from, which is the recognition part. How do we overcome it and how, how do we change that? Then You start thinking where like why, why billionaires have infatuation with gangster rappers.


That's weird. The music is good. No. Sean, why you sleeping on that music? The music slaps. No, it's one thing to like a music, but I'm just saying, all right, if you, if you're a white billionaire, right? Right. And you appreciate black culture, I can appreciate that. But if you only surround yourself with rappers and, and entertainers, well that tells me that you don't really value black culture. Yeah. Gimme some examples. Gimme some example. You only, you only value black culture from an aspect of their hair to entertain you. Because if you really value black culture, you would have Tamika Mallory there. You could have senator from X, Y, and Z state. You not going to a Mike Rubin or a white party. No, it's not about that, but I'm just, Just Saying damn niggas.


I don't know why we do that to Rubin. I think Rubin Nah, it's not Mike Rubin. It's, it's a lot of people though. Not, or they might not be billionaires, but they're close to it. It's a lot of them. And it's weird and it it it is and and it is, it is weird how the rappers look at them. 'cause they would never do that for a black billionaire. Well, you know what, like what did Little Baby tell you about when, when you asked him about people saying he's always around Mike, Mike Rubin in your YouTube. He Gives, he gives 'em information and all that. Nah, I appreciate Any investments. No, no. I, I appreciate. I'm just saying that this is how Donald Trump became popular. He used black culture. He got filthy rich off of it at, at with real estate and all of that too. But I'm saying that's how he became like real celebrity. And then he turned into the 180 Because nobody told these rappers to mention Donald Trump and all they records. Nobody told these rappers to put the name songs after Trump.


You seen it goes it goes both ways. Yeah, it goes both ways. It's predatory practice. That is Kanye hugged him in the White House and said you're like my dad. Yeah, but Kanye was Kanye. Kanye. He did though. No. Kanye Slam. Can we stop though? No, Kanye Go back to eighties though, right? Like there's this up and coming fighter from Brooklyn who's tearing up the, the scene. Right? Who decides that he's gonna manage him? Donald King. Donald Trump. Donald Trump first. I don't remember that. Yeah, go look it up. So he, oh wow. He manages him. He decides that like you're up and coming. In fact you're gonna fight at all of my, all your fights are gonna be where Atlantic City. Donald at Trump, right? So he, he already sees like, here's the entertainment, here's the culture, this guy we gotta Get.


Is that not good business? I'm not saying it's not. If it's, look, it's a different Piece of the planet.


Charlemagne to God here. And I just want you to know, if you're not on Amazon Prime, you're seriously missing out. It's not just about the fast free delivery, although let's be real. That's a game changer. It especially was for me this holiday season. Prime is like your personal guide to everything you're into or want to get into. Whether it's binge watching the latest hit on Prime video, you know, listening to your favorite playlist on Amazon music or getting those last minute gifts, which same day, free delivery prime's got you covered. And here's the kicker. Prime isn't just about getting you closer to your passions. It's about helping you discover new ones too. Got a hobby you're obsessed with Prime Fuels it. Trying something new Prime helps you dive deep into whatever's next. It's like me being passionate about mental health. You can order all kinds of books on mental health on Prime. My favorite is the Unapologetic Guide to Black Mental Health by Dr. Rita Walker. Prime gets you closer to what really matters, making all times of the year that much more special. Whether it's screaming your favorite movie or getting that perfect gift delivered the same day, prime makes everything easy and stress free. Whatever you're into, it's on prime. Visit amazon.com/prime.


Now At t has a new guarantee because most things in life are not guaranteed. Like actually getting the rental car you requested or your wedding turning out just like you dreamed it would. And someone making another pot of coffee in the break room after drinking the last drop of the last one. Yeah, don't get me started. Not guaranteed. In a world where nothing is guaranteed, at and t is bringing something new to the table. At and t is introducing a guarantee. With connectivity you depend on deals you want at service you deserve or they'll make it right. So if you wanna know more about the at t guarantee, head to att.com/guarantee. At t connecting changes everything, terms and conditions apply. Visit att.com/guarantee for details.


The World is constantly changing. It's up to you to decide how to respond. Choose to be bold to try something new. Choose to reinvent yourself.


That's what Nissan did with the all new totally reimagined kicks. The dynamic new exterior styling immediately announces that Nissan isn't messing around the interior. A completely redesigned cabin with premium features like wireless Apple call play and a panoramic moonroof make driving a kicks immersive and exciting. And with new performance and safety features like intelligent all wheel drive, the kicks is both fun and safer to drive than ever before. It is the dawning of a brand new era for the Nissan Kicks. Only one question remains. Is it a new era for you as well? Drive the all new Reimagined Nissan Kicks today. Available features compatible device service and consumer activation of Nissan Connect Services. Package required use only when safe and legal subject to third party service availability. For more information, see Nissan usa.com/connect/legal. Apple CarPlay is a trademark of Apple Link Intelligent all-wheel drive cannot prevent collisions or provide enhanced traction in all conditions. Always monitor traffic and weather conditions.


What's up is Angela Yee and listen up. We've got a movie that's about to light up your weekend. It's called one of Them Days from the brilliant mind of producer Issa Rae and stirring the dynamic duo. Kiki Palmer and ssa. Yes, you heard me right SZA on the big screen. It's a hilarious buddy comedy that'll have you laughing, cheering, and maybe even tearing up a little one of them days is serving up all the vibes. Grab your girls and get ready to laugh only in theaters this Friday rated art. Get your tickets now.


Hey fam, if you're like me, you are thinking about how to level up in your career. Maybe you're fresh out of college just starting in your field or even looking to switch things up and find your true calling. Whatever stage you're in, remember that this is your time to grow, to learn and to build something that lasts. State Farm understands that early career development is key to long-term success. They've been a steady presence in our communities and they know that having the right support early on can make all the difference. State Farm is there to help you make smart moves and to help you get the coverage you need. We all know that the journey to success is a marathon, not a sprint. It's about staying focused, staying grounded, and making sure you're protected every step of the way. Let's build our careers with confidence knowing that State Farm is there to support us just like they've always been because like a good neighbor is State Farm is there. Find out more at State Farm dot


com Between having good business and using something as a marketing strategy to boost your valuation. And you really have no infatuation with the situation at all. Or you're only hyper-focused on one particular area. It's a question that needs to be asked. 'cause it's, it is a pattern that continues to happen and it's happened at least 20 times over the last 15 years with different people. You're not wrong. But I see it both ways. And I tell you why they're Not hip hop. They didn't grow up in they, they're not hip hop. They're not like, no, But there's a lot Of I'm not buying, I'm not buying it at All. No, I, I agree. But it's all about what we choose to make Cool. Because there's a lot of billionaires that like to be around y'all now because the coaching made y'all cool. And it's the same thing with the artists, it's the same thing with the athletes.


So it's really kind of up to us, like what do we make cool and our culture. Yeah. I think what separates us is, and shout out to everybody that we've gotten information from, but when we get information, we giving it back to y'all. That's right. Like that's the first, right. We're not just sitting there but like, yo, because we wanna look cool or we wanna go to your party. Nah, what's the information? Like, give it to us in a real time so we can disseminate it and give it back to more people to help them. And Don't hug me from the back. But like You said, it's, they were wrestling Jeff, it was wrestling. So Like you said, it's, it's what makes my business cool. You know what Emini here, I could, I, I could own any type of business but when you're part of it, it makes it cool, right? Like let's think of jerseys, right? We've never owned any jerseys, but we always made it cool where, where Jerseys are selling out.


When Mitchell Lyness, I don't even know who the owner Mitchell Lyness was. I've never seen that guy in my life. And on we made it cool's not wrong. Same guy you just talking about. But also with y'all is like rub. He now he owns it now, But before he, he EYL having billionaires at Invest Fest helps EYL No, no, but but it helps the culture too though. I'm saying, but I'm saying so why would two cool black dudes wanna hang with corn billions? What I'm saying is that we have a wide spectrum of everybody. We've talked to rappers, we've talked to astronauts, we've talked to the vice president, we've talked to CEO of companies. We've talked to literally every single spectrum. Every single spectrum. We're not just only focused on rappers 'cause we're a business platform. That would be weird if we were a business platform and if only requirement to get on our show is that you had to be a rapper or you had to be an athlete, then that, that's questionable.


Yes, to a certain extent. The only reason I say to a certain extent is 'cause they have to be introduced because we're not putting these people on. We're not put, like I love Tamika Mallard. We try to amplify Tamika every chance we get. You know, like Tamika got podcasts with Black Effects. You got, I got she books with Black Privilege Publishing. Do it, do It, do a better, do a better job of researching. You're a billionaire. You got, you got you worth a hundred million dollars. You got research department do a better job of researching. 'cause you researched this person who was a no-name rapper from Mississippi who had a buzz. You, you researched this person But doesn't have, but that okay, you're right. But doesn't it have to be beneficial to both parties though? But, but that's what I'm saying. What is the beneficial part of it? You're, you're leaching off of a culture, right? How is that beneficial? Who's it beneficial for? What is it be if somebody is, is somebody is using your culture to be themselves?


Who's that beneficial for? You said, you said it's beneficial for both parties. Yeah. How's it beneficial for, for the other party? Where's the other party benefiting from? Well, in the ca I'm, I'm only using this one example. Mike Gruin. Exactly. In the case of Mike Gru, I Don't want keep saying Mike Gru, That's the one that we know. But in the case of hey yo meek $200,000, invest in this. You'll get your biggest return, which he did a year later and lid 8 million, whatever. Yo me, let's start this reform. I saw what happened with your situation. Let's start this thing called reform and let's help get other black men and black women outta prison. Which he did. He Did 8 million. How much did Mike Rubin's valuation go up? Million? Sure. No, from 2012 to 2024. How much you think it would've? Oh like I think it was like 4 billion. It Was a lot.


Try 26 billion. It Was 26 billion. He was worth seven to 8 billion then he's worth 30 something. Now We wrestling. Somebody shows you the wave and you come along and that's usually what happens. They Got a book out right now. Oh. Oh yeah. This is part of the book. You deserve to be rich out right now. Make sure y'all get it. EYL, Rashad and Troy man. Appreciate y'all all as Always man. Thank You. Always great conversation. Thank you Guys. Appreciate y'all. Thank you. That's right. It's The Breakfast Club. Good morning. Good morning everybody. It's Djj Envy Jess. Hilarious. Charlamagne the guy. We are The Breakfast Club. Let's get to just with the Mess Is real. Jessica Robin Moore just don't do no lying.


She don't spare nobody Worldwide. Jess Worldwide message on The Breakfast Club. She's the cultureship. She was Able to get y'all to see something and understand something that nobody could get you to See. It's time to set it. Alright, so let's jump back into the step brother Beef. Like I, I really want to go there one more time 'cause we missed some things y'all, we gotta come back with it. The stepbrothers. You talking about Cameron, Jim Jones and Jim? Yes, yes. Cameron and Jim Jones. Yeah. So when we left off, we were having a conversation about, you said envy Jim was the muscle. Yeah. When, when, back when the diplomats, diplomats were were were really heavy in the streets, especially in New York, Jim and freaky and security, big Joe was their muscle and they would run around.


So the story of when they talked about the mano situation, right? Did we play that audio when we talked about Mayo? Let's take a Listen. You ever wonder how he met Mayo? Ask him how he met Man. Man one dare I play because they crew now, he tried to press mano one day because Mayo first came out. He had a little record, but he used saying dis rappers. I don know dis. He said name. So Jim wants to see Mayo one day and was like, yo, what's up with all that said my name man. Say who the fuck you talking to? Oh, you think I one of them? You watch your mother man, now they the lobby boys. So so that is is true. When Mano came home from jail, Mayo would threaten everybody. Threaten all the DJs. Damn. And he did a song where he was going at all the rappers. Right.


And Mayo used to go out every night in New York City every night. But Friday and Saturday, Friday and Saturday is the only nights that New Yorkers don't use to go out. They go out every day. Used to, they go out every Sunday through, through through Thursday. Right. So I remember that night we were actually in the club and it was, Mayo was with three People. Lord, here you go Jess. That's the Truth. That's the truth. You could ask Mayo. It was, Mayo had three, three people with him. Was you one of the three with him? No. Oh, okay. But I was at Mayo's table. He was Where the bottles Was at. No, You know that alright, My bad, my bad. I was in the club with Mano. Jim tried to run down. You backed everybody up. No. So we were all in the club. Right? And this is like, Mayo was the bad boy back in the day.


Like running around threatening everybody. So it was Mano, mano had three and, and it was me and a friend of mine. We were all at Mayo's table. We always to go out with, with each other at the time. And Jim came in the club and Jim must have had about 15 dudes with him at that time. And when he walked down the stairs, the first thing Mayo turned around, everybody said, yo, tuck your chains in. So he was like, why? So everybody tucked their chains in, they had no idea. And Jim walked over all, all the dudes in front of Mayo and Mayo went in his jacket like he had a gun. And when he went in his jacket and, and fake pulled out like he had a gun. The club scattered. He cleared it out. Everybody cleared it out, right? Yeah. And we all ran out. Who wouldn't? And when we all ran out, I was surprised because I know we all went through the metal detectors And I was like, yo, how'd you sneaking a gun? He was like, I lied.


I was, I was just bluffing. But that really happened When, when Jim ran up on Mano. Yeah, absolutely. Positively happened. I did The same thing. You said he was with 15 niggas. He was with 15 dudes. Yeah. Did Jim know Mano didn't have a gun? He's just finding out now. 'cause you just told him on the radio. I'm sure they spoke about it after because They cool now they cool, They Cool now. But at that point, mano was bluffing. Mano didn't have anything on him. Yeah. And he went in his jacket like he did. And the whole Yeah. Judo a smart decision. Yeah. Judo. That's what made every, that's what really made everybody sad. Come on now. Alute Ute to see him in the club. Salute to Mano. But that's, that's, I was there that night. That happened that night. Well he, He also talked about a BMF situation. He said, 'cause he, again, he's trying to make a point that Jim wasn't the muscle he talked about there was a time when BMFI guess ran up on Cam and Jim and somebody else And I wasn't there for that one.


This is how he said that. Jim responded, let's take a listen but to Keep running around with these 25-year-old stories. Do you ever hear me talk about when you ran on me when BMF pulled up, when you ran in the hotel, they chased you to the beach. All niggas and, and lucky I had my, me and my man Jojo. I ain't gonna say his name, who was with me is like, who all these coming. But at the end of the day, I don't be out there pumping. They chased you to the beach was in the sand. You was getting wet from the water from the ocean. I don't pump that. So where was he at Cam? If you watch me run to the beach, where was, where was, where was you, where was Cam at? I don't know. Did he Emini here? I don't understand. This is a valid question. I don't know my, my personal opinion, if you're about to get jumped, there's nothing wrong with running.


Nothing. You should, you should skedaddle. We've seen your video. You damn right. I'll do it again. Exactly. Each and every time. I'm not standing there Gonna pretend I got a gun. Try try that one next. Try that one next time. Try that one next time. But I would say that standing there, I hate that the fact that they're going back and forth and, and they're downplaying each other. But Jim is no sucker and Cameron is no sucker. But I, I seen both of them in action and both of them are no suckers. You know what? Emini here. So I hate that they're playing like each other as a sucker and each other. Soft. They're both no suckers. They're both was ready for action during that time. Well, Jim actually responded. He posted a a freestyle. He said, I said what? I said after they laugh at the lies, the truth still hurts. And that's the part that's going crazy on social right now. Like the, you Taught Me How To Rap, but Now I'm gonna platinum.


Hey Jim Jones can make some good ass music. I don hear what y'all Say. Yes, he can. That sample is fire, beat fire, all that. Maybe that's what they both, that's maybe that's what Cam need to do. You think Cam getting Booth Cam still got it too though. I know what I'm saying. Do you think this will make him go in the booth And I, you know, instead Cam be spitting on his show, he Be opening his show with the freestyle. Yeah. I Don't know. Cam be spitting Cam get This. I don wanna hit Cam and Jim go back and forth rapping wise, I don't even like Cam and Jim going back and forth like this, but you know. Yeah. Okay. Cam still rap the same? What? Oh Yeah. Cam busy. No, I remember when he used to do that. Cam is one of the nicest MCs that people don't talk about. He gets busy like crazy. If you listen to, like you say, he starts off his show sometimes when he just do like, just rap. Two minutes of free styling. Yeah. Jesus.


Okay. I'm sad still. Yeah, It's still effed Up there. We had to call Jim reach out though. I reach you. Yeah, reach out. I got you brown girl grinding sauce. Reach out to this man for Me. What we gonna say when I call him? Hey Jim, I just wanna know, All right, why relax that young as What You say, Chrisy pick up the phone and be like, who y'all little young as Chrissy in Miami when Right? I'm in New York. We in New York with it. I'm calling for Jess All. All right. Well that was Jess with the mess. Charlamagne. Who you giving that down? Two Man. A animal lover by the name of Donald Callaway needs to come to the front of the congregation. We like to have a word with him.


I'm sorry Peter. Peter Or Peter. Peter. He said Peter, I was like, who the hell's Peter? He definitely Puts, I was like, who the hell's Peter? All right, we'll get to that. Next is The Breakfast Club. Good morning. I just wanted know how you came up with this. Don't be on a date. Tell us because you're mean I'm not. What did, there's a bunch of donkeys out here street. That is why Charlamagne here. If we live a life where we bite our tongue based off who we may offend, we never will say on The Breakfast Club, in the words of Charlamagne to God, he's a donkey that, Oh man.


Charlamagne you giving donkey today To who now? Well, Buster Rhymes donkey today for Tuesday, January 14th, goes to a 53-year-old Florida man named Donald Callaway. What does Y with Charla always say about the great state of Florida? The craziest people in America come from the Bronx in all of Florida. And today is no exception. Now Donald is an animal lover. Guys. Okay? Yes. An animal lover. He's getting donkey today. Tell everyone at PETA to gather around an animal lover is getting donkey today. Today, okay. I'm fully aware of what an animal lover is when I say animal lover Emini here. One of those people who has a fondness for animals and cares for their wellbeing. Okay? Donald is very fond of animals. Some animal lovers may also be concerned with animal rights and the protection of animal species.


I don't know if Donald cares about animal rights, but I would assume he does because of the love and fondness. He shows animals. Okay, Peter. Peter, folks, that's what it's all about, right? The love and fondness of animals. I'm interested to see what Peter thinks of Donald because you know, Peter goes hard for animal rights, but I've never heard of anyone in Peter showing love to animals like Donald does. Okay? I was looking at Peter's position on pets and Peter said it loves and respects the animal companions who share their homes. Well, Donald loves the animal companions that are all around him and he shares a lot with them, not just his home. Okay? See, a lot of y'all talk about your love for things, but are you willing to put it all on the line? Okay? Are you willing to put it all on the line for these things you claim to love?


Would you die for your love of animals? Would you be willing to give your life for animal rights? Is that too much? Okay, well, are you willing to go to jail for your love of animals? Because Donald Callaway is in fact ready to go to jail for his love of animals. Okay? He loves animals so much that he was willing to take a penitentiary chance for one. Do you want to hear what he went to jail for? Well, I will let a police officer from Florida explain what happened. Let's listen. I've done this job my entire adult life and occasionally you run across something that you go, come on man. That really didn't happen. But it did Emini here. He even admitted it. And here's what happened. He said, well, you know, I had just some sexual frustration.


It was really stupid. It was a dumb thing to do. Donald Callaway, who's 53 from Lake Wells, admitted that because he was trying to do the wow thing with the horse. Oh, oh wow. A ma. The marere was 28 years old. She said, nah, we tried to interview the horse. She said, my 28 years of being a horse, no one's ever done anything like that to me before And I hope it never happens again. That's right. He tried to engage in inappropriate conduct with a horse, which is clearly against the law right now. He's out to pasture in the county jail. Florida is the most unserious serious place ever.


That was an actual police officer from Florida who interviewed the horse he was talking to TMZ. Okay? NV four. Donald was sexually frustrated, so he attempted to have sex with the horse. Lemme give you a little bit more details. First of all, I'm glad the horse was of h the horse was 28. So it's a grown ass horse, okay? But things were still happening to this horse without the horse's consent as far as we know. We all watched Mr. Ed growing up as a child. If you were born in the 19 hundreds, maybe this horse could talk. Okay? And she was an adult horse that knew what she wanted. Maybe Donald Callaway had the same powers as Dr. Doolittle and he can understand animals and they can understand him. So the horse whose name was Raven fell for his rib, whatever it was, you know, made Donald pull his penis out and started boxing the one eye champ.


Then he started tapping that beef whip whistle against the horse's nose tin, attempted to penetrate, said nostrils with his penis. Yes, he tried to put his penis in the horse's nostrils. Oh no ladies, I blame y'all. Y'all constantly talking about how you want a man that's hung like a horse. Well, Donald said, damn, I gotta see what that's hitting for. But this was a woman horse. That doesn't make no sense. Now, a human female body has three perfectly good holes to insert your blood sausage in. Right mouth, booty, booty. Okay? If, if it's, if it's a special occasion in the vagina, right? A, a mare grown female horse has the same, wouldn't trust the mouth.


Okay? Horse got teeth might mistake your bologna point for a carrot. And you need a ladder to mount that thing from the back unless it's laying down. So I guess that just leaves the nostrils of the horse. Look, I'm not judging times as hard out here. Maybe Donald has had enough of humans and he's trying to get with the horse because he heard people in relationships with horses have stable relationships. I don't know, I just know that animals, as far as we know, can't give consent, right? As far as we know, no means no. In Donald's case, nos means nos. But when it comes to horses, nay means nay. So please give Donald Callaway the biggest he hu Race.


Come on. Come, come on, come on, come on. Okay. Some things are obvious, okay? This is meth head white. All right? Look at, Oh my God. Exactly. Yeah. He look like He was on a set of shameless. Yeah, exactly. He definitely like, he walked off the set of breaking bad too. Abso Absolutely Jesus Christ. He looked like four different type of cult leaders all into one. Damn. All right, Well thank you for that donkey today, sir. Yeah, That's just crazy though. That's disgusting. Yeah. Nobody putting no penis in. Nobody nostrils in real life in the nose though. Like, Know What I'm saying? Oh, All right. Now when we come back, let's open up the phone lines. (800) 585-1051. Now TikTok will be banned in I think four or five days. Oh my God, no.


So I wanna open up the phone lines and ask what will you miss about TikTok, if anything? Now the reason this comes as a question is when Charlamagne, you left the room. 805 8 5 1 0 5 1. Lauren was in the room. Jess was here, big Mac was here. And they were talking about the things that they get from TikTok, right? Like TikTok shop. Lauren says she gets her wigs off TikTok shop. She says that's what, That's the Problem. That is the problem. Now we talking. I didn't know. She said she gets, she gets her stuff off TikTok. That makes All the sense in The World. Big Mac said he went to college, he went to five different universities and he said he learned more on TikTok than he did in college. That's 'cause he was dead for the food. Oh, He wasn't had studies. So asking 805, 8 5 1 0 5 1 in four or five days, TikTok will be gone five days.


All right, on the 19th, how will losing TikTok affect you? Mm. Let's open up the phone lines and ask (800) 585-1051. Let's discuss this. The Breakfast Club. Good morning. Pull out. Pull out your, pull out your phone. Call in right now, call me. Add your opinion to The Breakfast Club topic. Break it down. 805 8 5 1 0 5 1. The Breakfast Club Daddy calling my phone. Call my phone out. It's topic time. Call 805 8 5 1 0 5 1 to join into the discussion with The Breakfast Club. Morning everybody. It's DJ Envy. Just hilarious.


Charlemagne the guy. We are The Breakfast Club. Now if you're just joining us, we'll open up the phone lines (800) 585-1051. They are banning TikTok in five more days. Well, unless the US government changes that, but as of right now, they're banning it. So we're just asking, what will you miss? Now this conversation comes, we had Lauren LaRosa up here, we had Big Mac in here, Sydney was in here. Me and Jess were talking and we were talking about the banning of TikTok and somebody said that, you know, they get their wigs off of TikTok shop. Let's go around the room and see who looks like let's bring, let's bringing, let's bringing all the women in here and see who looks like they get their wigs off. TikTok, TikTok shop. First of all, let's not even play around like that. Goofy, but yo, anyway, I, I don't know, I don't really, TikTok does nothing for me.


So it wouldn't do anything for me. Like whether it's hair or gone, you know, hair or a band or gone or whatever. But I know my son, he's learned so much off of that. He's taught me so many things that he gotten up. Like little rabbit holes he done went down from everything about software. What's going this little boy be telling me stuff that's going on in Russia, I don't know about what's going on in China. I don't know about, you know what Emini here. So it's definitely informative. Right? I know the information is is the top thing that people gonna miss about It. Yeah, my, my daughter, the oldest daughter Madison, she, she gets her cooking recipes off of TikTok. Like she can make drinks from Starbucks by breaking it down and TikTok and not having to buy a drink from Starbucks.


My youngest daughters, they actually go on there 'cause they dance, they compete dance. So they, they watch other, you know, little girls that compete dance. So they learn dances from there. Jackson does this video game on there. So if there's a stage he can't pass, he'll go to TikTok and it'll show him how to pass that stage or whatever it may be. So they're into it myself, I don't, I could care less. I just post just the post. Yeah, Charlemagne, It wouldn't do anything for me either. I'm not a TikTok connoisseur, but I understand the importance of TikTok to a lot of people, which is why by Dan shouldn't shut it down. If it's banned, they should just go ahead and sell it to Frank McCord and Project Liberty, Frank McCort, project Liberty. They've been wanting to buy it for a long time. You know, it's just interesting to me to watch all of these conversations. I guess ramp up now 'cause it's like four days away and you know, you got Meek Mill saying he Nah ba it if if if if he's one of the Meek, meek Ain't meant by it Before they, before they give it To Meek.


Nah, ban it. Yeah. I don't think you, I think you know how you walk in a restaurant and, and and ain't got no prices on the menu. That's how Meek is treating it. What you mean Meek is like, let me buy TikTok And I think you need you. Yeah, just you need to find out how much it costs for us. Meek, you know What I'm saying? Gonna be banned. But, but, but Frank McCort and Project Liberty, they are really serious about buying it. They want to buy it and actually make it safer for Americans. So Emini here, let's see, and they only wanna buy, they're only buying the American portion of it. Right? And that's 170 million people on there. So I, I would rather them sell it to Frank McCord and Project Liberty, but we'll see. But Let's go to the phone lines. Hello, who's this? Hi, this is Bria calling from Detroit. Hey Bria. What up do? Hi. So I've never really used TikTok. I've never known how to work TikTok like to make TikTok, but I use it just when I travel.


So like when I go to like different cities that I don't know anything about, I'll type in like where to eat. Wow. Where to go if shopping. Yep. Paris or where to go, like a good steakhouse in Paris, things like that. Okay, that makes sense. Thank you Bria. Thank you. Bye-bye. Well you know we are actually live on TikTok right now. So we won't be able to do this if they actually banned it. So SLU to allow TikTok listeners and followers right now. Hello? Who's this? Baltimore. What's up girl? What it is dummy Now. She said you used to work with Jess. Hey, hey. Hey Jess, it's Sarah. I don't know if you remember me. We used to work in, I think what somebody worked at a school together with Candid And I don't know if you remember girl, but Oh I know you through Nia.


You, you know me through who? Nia. I think Nia. Nia used to. We used to. I used to model with Nia. That's why I met Nia. Oh, Nia. Nia. Nia used to Work in school. I'm smart. We could work and youth worked together. I do remember that. What did you do at a school? What the hell did just do at School? Well we were, it was a summer. It was a summer camp Y we used to do so we would like make lunches for like here like that. Yeah. It wasn't much was doing. I don, I Don't feel damn. She said it wasn't really much she was doing. Yeah, I don't feel like Jessica make a good sandwich back there. I feel like she gonna be real giving the meat poisons cheese. Don't my fruit. Don't that. I like that. What's up girl? How you doing baby? I'm good. I'm so proud of you Jeff.


I just wanted to say that I'm so proud of you. You have been raping Baltimore's like crazy like and like from we started, you are now like, I just want you to know, Jeff has always been whoopy and funny like this. Like I've always been the life of the party. Like thank turning the party up. Always funny. She always been like this. And I just want you to know, I'm so proud of you girl. Like You baby. Thank you. I appreciate you. You baby. Hey Charlamagne, how you Doing? I'm blessed black and highly favored. He Goofy as ever. I Know that's right. Yes, yes, yes. So that's what you called up before. You didn't wanna talk about TikTok? No. Oh Well no, no. I really didn't wanna talk with Pop Pop. I actually wanted to talk about Instagram.


So long story short, last weekend my Instagram was you Acting goofy, right?


Piece of the planet. Charlemagne to God here. And I just want you to know, if you're not on Amazon Prime, you're seriously missing out. It's not just about the fast free delivery, although let's be real, that's a game changer. It especially was for me this holiday season. Prime is like your personal guide to everything you're into or want to get into. Whether it's binge watching, the latest hit on Prime video, you know, listening to your favorite playlist on Amazon music or getting those last minute gifts, which same day, free delivery prime's got you covered. And here's the kicker. Prime isn't just about getting you closer to your passions, it's about helping you discover new ones too. Got a hobby. You're obsessed with Prime Fuels it. Trying something new Prime helps you dive deep into whatever's next. It's like me being passionate about mental health. You can order all kinds of books on mental health on Prime. My favorite is the Unapologetic Guide to Black Mental Health by Dr. Rita Walker. Prime gets you closer to what really matters, making all times of the year that much more special. Whether it's screaming your favorite movie or getting that perfect gift delivered the same day. Prime makes everything easy and stress free. Whatever you're into, it's on Prime. Visit it amazon.com/prime. Now.


The World Is constantly changing. It's up to you to decide how to respond. Choose to be bold to try something new. Choose to reinvent yourself. That's what Nissan did with the all new totally reimagined kicks. The dynamic new exterior styling immediately announces that Nissan isn't messing around the interior. A completely redesigned cabin with premium features like wireless Apple call play and a panoramic moonroof make driving a kicks immersive and exciting. And with new performance and safety features like intelligent all wheel drive, the kicks is both fun and safer to drive than ever before. It is the dawning of a brand new era for the Nissan Kicks. Only one question remains. Is it a new era for you as well? Drive the all new Reimagined Nissan Kicks today. Available Features compatible device service and consumer activation of Nissan Connect Services. Package required use only when safe and legal subject to third party service availability. For more information, see Nissan usa.com/connect/legal. Apple CarPlay is a trademark of Apple Link. Intelligent all-wheel drive cannot prevent collisions or provide enhanced traction in all conditions. Always monitor traffic and weather conditions.


WhatsApp is an Angela Yee and listen up. We've got a movie that's about to light up your weekend. It's called one of Them Days from the brilliant Mind of producer Issa Rae and stirring the dynamic duo, Kiki Palmer and ssa. Yes, you heard me right? SS a on the big screen. It's a hilarious buddy comedy that'll have you laughing, cheering, and maybe even tearing up a little one of them days is serving up all the vibes. Grab your girls and get ready to laugh only in theaters this Friday rated art. Get your tickets now


At and t has a new guarantee because most things in life are not guaranteed. Like actually getting the rental car you requested or your wedding turning out just like you dreamed it would. And someone making another pot of coffee in the break room after drinking the last drop of the last one. Yeah, don't get me started. Not guaranteed. In a world where nothing is guaranteed, at and t is bringing something new to the table. At and t is introducing a guarantee with connectivity you depend on deals you want at service you deserve, or they'll make it right. So if you wanna know more about the at t guarantee, head to att.com/guarantee. At&t connecting changes everything, terms and conditions apply. Visit att.com/guarantee for details.


Hey fam, if you like me, you're thinking about how to level up in your career, maybe you're fresh outta college, just started in your field or even look at the switch things up, add find your true calling. Whatever stage you're in, remember that this is your time to grow, to learn, and to build something that lasts. State Farm understands that early career development is key to long-term success. They've been a steady presence in our communities and they know that having the right support early on can make all the difference. State Farm is there to help you make smart moves and to help you get the coverage you need. We all know the journey to success is a marathon, not a sprint. It's about staying focused, staying grounded, and making sure you're protected every step of the way. Let's build our careers with confidence knowing that State Farm is there to support us just like they've always been because like a good neighbor state forum is there. Find out more@stateforum.com.


You acting mad, goofy right now. We talking TikTok. Goofy one. No, no Emini here. I like TikTok but I ain't not Really like that. Bye is stealing. Why you So why you got so rude with the woman for no reason? Nah, they used Goofy. That's what they used. No use dummy. You sounded crazy and you hung up on her. Why? You hung up on what's wrong with you? See, I don't use goofy. You the goofy one. Nah, y'all use dummy. Yeah, we we be like, this dude just went crazy on. Sorry, said nah dummy. Like what? We ain't talking about Instagram. Dummy. Why you talking? Oh my bad. Farrah. I'm sorry. I meant to mean say dummy, not goofy. Goofy little bitch. And I meant to say dummy. Damn, I don't know that Baltimore s slang. I meant to say dummy.


It's all good. Damn. Ain't offended. All right, cool. Sorry Farrah. I was acting like a goofy or dummy whatever. Hello. Who's this All? This is Destiny calling from Indy. Hey Destiny. Good morning. What's up boo? We're talking TikTok. Will you be sad when they banned TikTok? I will be devastated. I actually run my business off of TikTok so all of the content that I do, I make sure I post it on TikTok And I get a lot of customers from there and it really sucks that an avenue that we have to make money will be taken away. Damn. Damn man. What's your business Destiny? Tell 'em they got five days to get it. To get to it. Yeah, I am a cottage baker. You can follow me on Instagram. Destiny B or little B's bakery 22.


I ship cookies. I do custom cakes and everything. So y'all look me up. All right, Deim. Thank you. 805 8 5 1 0 5 1. They're banning TikTok in the next five days. Will you miss it? Let's discuss. It's The Breakfast Club. Good morning Y'all talking about it. You know we talking about it. It's topic time. Call 805 8 5 1 0 5 1 to join into the discussion with The Breakfast Club. Morning everybody. It's DJ Envy. Jess, hilarious. Charlamagne the guy. We are The Breakfast Club. Now if you're just joining us, we're talking about TikTok that's supposed to be banning TikTok in the next four or five days. And we're asking what will you miss from TikTok?


We got Andre on the line. Andre? Yeah. What's up man? What's up with you brother? No Much man. Just chilling. Driving to work. Okay, so we're talking TikTok, the banning, the TikTok. What you think? I think Emini here. It's kind of good in a way. Kids are addicted to it, but I don't really care. I'm not gonna miss as much because they banned me so many times during Covid talking about vaccines and things like that. So I'm not really concerned. But it's gonna be Unban on the 20th anyway by Trump. Okay. Thank you sir. Yeah, 'cause Trump gonna unban it and then make them sell it. Hello? Who's this? Yo, this is Chris Complex from Englewood, New Jersey. Chris, what up? We're talking about the ban of TikTok in the next four or five days. What's your thoughts? Yo, I don't like it man. I ain't gonna lie. My girl just cooked Thanksgiving dinner and Christmas dinner off recipes up the TikTok shop And I learned mad stuff like they didn't teach in history.


You know, it got like, I, I like tuning into the history that I didn't know about, like the half the African diaspora. I learned about a queen in Africa that actually sold off some of the slaves in her land that that, you know, they didn't pay taxes or something that they didn't do, but those were the people that she told the European colonizers come they can take. So it, it was like the video was about understanding slavery, but it wasn't all just like taking, it was like people going over there and making deals with the kings and queens of Africa. Well this was the video twin, right? And then that's how some of the slaves got took over here. So it made me think about it like there's some Africans or black people that's really like, this plays the Samuel L. Jackson role in the dj.


Like he's gonna tell or he's gonna get the next person set up. But history, stuff like that, you can't find it. Okay. Or you could not really advertise anywhere else. So TikTok, I used to love it because it's quick, short, 15 second videos, whatever. Okay, well thank you brother. Yeah. You know, so he's, he's, he found out that Africa was involved in the slave trade on TikTok. Yes. Yeah, yeah, Yeah, yeah. Don't judge him. Don't judge him. I Judge him. I'm just saying don't judge him. Emini here. I guess you learn things when you learn. He learned that in school. He learned it on TikTok, learned it on 15 seconds. That's right. And he also, it also took his wife out to cook, told his wife out to cook, basically saying that she ain't, she couldn't cook before. That's S Right. Slavery also existed in Africa for before Europeans arrives, but He ain't see that on.


Gotta wait for a TikTok for that. Okay. Alright. Hello? Who's this? It is black gold. Black gold. What up? We're talking about the bad of TikTok. What you gonna miss? Man, look, I'm gonna miss all the informational stuff, man. Like I Cooking, but since I've been watching TikTok, now my food actually been tasting good, man. According to who, according to me. I don, I cook like white, bland people from LA I'm gonna just keep it real. But you gotta let somebody else taste it to see if it's really hitting though. Well, I, I don I don't, I don't really let people eat my cooking, ma'am. My girl, she gonna agree with me anyway because that's my girl. But everybody else, I, I'm good. I know what bland food tastes like. So I know if it's bland watching these TikTok videos of the people in the south.


Oh my god, it tastes good to me. Question. That's all. I'm Do you have a white girlfriend? I'm happy about that. Yeah, you got a white girlfriend? Oh no. What? Come on man. Look. Wow, Like That. I'm, I'm a gang member. I, I'm from Compton. Damn. I ain't number black women. Okay, But but he learned his recipes off TikTok like that. That's right. You tell him Be proud. That's right. All brother. You be safe out there. It Will smack y'all man. Don't Like that. Reakfast got the most diverse listen Ever. Yes. A gang banger from Compton who gets his recipes off. TikTok. TikTok, Wow. Wow. Let me shout out to our top viewers on TikTok. The people that come to us the most. The problem solver.


2, 5 2. What's up? We see you Queenie. What's up Queenie? We see You. I ain't never seen none of these people. E Nah, just it, it shows the top viewers and also E-Money. E-Money. What's up? We see you E-Money. Oh, Mr. Girl. Emo we see you mama. Alright, well what's the moral of the story? If, if there is one? The moral of the story is TikTok doesn't have to be banned. They can just, you know, sell it to Project Liberty. Like they wanna buy the US portion of the platform. Okay, But would that change things though? Like if they the US portion, are we still gonna be able to access certain things on the ad? I I actually think it'll be better. What, what Frank wants to do in Project Liberty. They wanna buy the US portion of the platform, but it doesn't include tiktoks algorithm and they want to migrate tiktoks user base.


The 170 million people to an American built digital infrastructure designed to put people back in charge of their data. So, oh, so we'll be in charge of our data. Not some foreign entity. Lemme Ask, lemme ask you guys a question, right? I'm looking and people are giving us gifts on The Breakfast Club. Who, where that money go? I know right? The aha. The Breakfast Club. But what, who, who get the money? How you think s buying all them wigs off TikTok Off some wigs That was going on. That's How they get all the, see Sid and Lauren is using that money to buy wigs off TikTok. Yo. Okay all. So donate more 'cause you know We stop knowing They upgrade. Upgrade weeks.


I know anymore. Jesus Christ. Alright. Right. Well we got just with the mess coming up, what we talking about? Oh man. So we stopped The World yesterday with the Lean Ball Def Jam contract, but we got some more exclusive to drop about Angelo Ball. Well G three. Okay let me call this man. G three. G three. We keep disrespecting this man and call him Lean Angelo Ball. He's G three. All right, we'll get to that Next. It's The Breakfast Club. Good morning, The Breakfast Club Morning everybody. It's the J Envy. Just hilarious. Charlamagne the guy. We are The Breakfast Club. Let's get to Jess with the Mess News is real. Jessica Robin Moore just don't do no lying. She Don't nobody Jess worldwide on The Breakfast Club.


She's a cultureship. She was able to get y'all to see something and understand something that nobody could get you To see. It's time to set it on. All right, so G three signed with Def Jam, $8 million Bill Emini here deal. Yeah, but there's some other things going on. Yeah, G three we not calling him Angelo no more. He G Three. It's gonna be a bill if you don't sell no records, right? No, Nah, that's exactly what we here for right now because yesterday we broke the exclusive in the room that he was sign $8 million was the number that we mentioned. And if people have been doing breakdowns of what the deal actually extends into Now I wanna provide a timeline. So I reached out to a person familiar who understood and kind of got to see some of the, the, the, you know, the situation and they gave me the timeline of how the deal even came about.


Some of the other offers that Lean Angelo was offered as well too. But I wanna start with last Friday. 'cause on Pastor s you knew last Friday why you ain't tell us. Listen, I, I heard somebody told me yesterday he got signed. I don't know how true that is though. Somebody, somebody was signing. 'cause it's a record that's it's taking off and people wanna be on it. Somebody told me he signed yesterday, I'm not gonna sell the label be signed. Yes. A nice hook. Yep. They say he got some money too. Really? That's what somebody told me yesterday. So I don't, you know. Hmm. Nowadays, nowadays, nowadays these labels wanna sign somebody and say keep doing your thing though. He act like you're independent. So I don't know this is true. Yeah. So at, so January 3rd, right, the song dropped when the song dropped Pastor after that, that weekend the song went crazy. Pastor Ox happened that following Friday, that week in between the song dropping and Pastor Ox, that's the week when everything was moving.


So I'm told that the first deal that Angelo got the call for was $75,000. It was a smaller label. I don Dunno the name of label. It was a smaller label. They wanted to do a distribution deal with him. So he was like, mm, I don't think so. But the fact that labels are even calling, let's shop around a little bit and see what, you know, what Emini here, that's what we can make happen, right? So then the fires happen. So he's having meetings to having conversation. The fires in LA happened so everything shuts down after everything kind of like comes back a little bit and they start taking meetings again. Universal was on the line when Universal was on the line. I'm told that the first offer that Universal sent his way allegedly was $4 million off the rip 4 million. So he's like, well you know, I kind of got a little bit of motion. The song is going crazy, let me leverage it a bit more.


Then the seven happened and then they ended at the eight. Now, right now a lot of people are saying, well the eight is in advance, it's not guaranteed it could go up to $13 million. Now what I'm told, and this is not for his specific situation, but just looking at how these deals normally go with a person in his position who's already been famous and does have a little bit of motion prior to, is that even if that eight isn't advanced all the way up front, it can come over periods of time. So he's still going to get the money. He can use it to go into whatever other songs. He's supposed to have another project on the way. This deal's supposed to be him owning all of his music and being able to fund and create his own label. He can use it across that. And then they have option periods where after certain things happen, whether the option is like two projects or six months or whatever, they come back and say, yo, in this option period you did A, B, C, and D.


Let's see if we wanna spend a block and that 13 million is that they already had that budgeted. But he can come back and say, well actually I did this within that period. Now I'm recouped, I wanna make some more money, I want some more ownership. This Seems like a lot of money. Yes. Lot. And it seems a bit premature for a record that hasn't even charted yet for A hook. That's what I said yesterday. It seems, it seems like a lot. Unless, unless they, they heard something that we haven't heard as of yet. Unless he has some, another artist that we don't know of. But All there just a bunch of old hype beasts in the Def Jam built. Yeah, I Was raised say that's the last thing that Def Jam has really done though. Like to like are did they have any popping artists in the last what? That's A great question. Like, you know what I'm saying? Yeah. I think Wasn't the Snoop do they did, they brought Snoop Dogg in to do some stuff.


Right. I think that's, I think that was over Emini here. I think Snoop left left and went to go do death row. That's the last, I'm saying that's the last time I heard about them. Honestly news wise. But With young artists and like who's popping right now on Def Jam And I would, I Will say, what have they done? Two Great question. Are you looking it up? You see anything? I don't G three pops up. G 3G Tweaker. Well I will say, so I asked that same question. I'm like this not a little premature artist. Coco Jones. Coco Jones. Coco Jones. Coco Jones, okay. They came up last year with LL RB singer. Okay. They came up with, I'm trying to think who, when I seen Def Jam reps up here recently too. Somebody, somebody was recently, that's probably money long when they came up recently. But see that that's still r and b artists, you know what I'm saying? Like singers like, they, they probably putting all of this on him because they like, I, like I said yesterday, they seen all these celebrities and they probably seeing the future of all the remixes too.


Mm. Yeah. Is it G Herbo with Def Jam is is is G Herbo? I don't know for Sure, but I I Will say money Long is though. Money long. Yeah. Like for me, I was like the same thing y'all was saying, but I will say yesterday when we broke that story in this room that that news went so crazy, so fast. I think part of it was people didn't believe they was like, what? And then the other, another part of it is he's a conversation point. And what I was told is like normally in a situation like this, when you come and you have that type of influence, a label will not just look at okay, what songs are gonna chart. It's like, yo, what, what, what the brand deal looking like. How, how what the sink's gonna look like. They, they can make money and recoup other ways off of It. You think G three signed to 360? That's what you're trying to say? I don't know for sure. I'm just saying that, that sometimes this is how they can look at it.


But Emini here, look, he look I was signed to 360 Ball was him because he's still a ball player. So he still might have other endorsements and stuff in the future maybe. But there's other ways like Armani White to sign a Def Jam. You might not have heard his record in a minute, but I I hear it all through the playoffs. Yeah. So they, so they use it for, for licensing? Yeah. Yeah. Benny, the butcher sign there, big Sean is signed there And licensing is a part of his deal. Like that, that is a part of this deal. I do know that Buju, Buju Bonton is signed there. Oh wow. Coco Jones, Connie Diamond, all I know is we putting Jess in the studio. Okay. We got a record to record. That's what's up. We gotta get this money. Got Friday. Is there RB Friday? I already got it More. Of course Jada Kiss. Trying to think of anybody else. Janae Aiko. Yeah. Okay.


Yeah, so, but Yeah, Emini here Lady London. So like Jim said, what have they done in a minute? Done This refill pretty much have done Recently done for me know. Well in other news real quick, Kaitlyn Clark, some sad news with Kaitlyn Clark. She's okay, but there was a 55-year-old man who's actually just been arrested on Sunday for felony stalking when it comes to her. He was arrested in Indianapolis on Sunday after he repeatedly kept sending her threats, sexually violent messages and other messages on social media. He sent her different tweets. These tweets happened from December 16th to January 2nd. Basically he actually traveled to Indianapolis, police tracked his IP and saw that he was Indianapolis, went and did a welfare check. They basically told him like, yo cool out, you're scaring her.


She's, she's scared. She, she said like, yo, she's had to change her public appearance because of these tweets and things that you're sending her. And the tweets still continued. So they went back, they arrested them and some of them, they're saying some of these tweets, they, they wouldn't min a lot of outlets didn't mention the actual tweets, but they're saying, some of them alluded to things that were like sexual battery. So yo, I'm tripping. You said Kaitlyn Clark, I'm over here. Kaitlyn, Jenna, I'm like change of appearance again. But I did not know when you say Indianapolis, I'm like, oh, shorty talking about you talking about shorty. Okay. I'm like, why are we doing this story about you went back to Bruce? I Now I Bruce Now I changes. He changed the back, back where?


Okay, I'm sorry. I'm so, I'm glad to That is convenient, isn't it? Yeah. Okay. Ca Clark, I got you. Y'all Get on my nerve. All right. That was just with the mess. Yo, I'm so sorry. I'm gonna be Bruce today. Caitlin got a stalker When we come back, we got the people's choice mix. It's The Breakfast Club Morning. Sorry. Don't let People gonna get y'all. Morning everybody. It's DJ Envy. Just hilarious. Charlemagne the guy. We are The Breakfast Club. Now I just wanna salute to all the women out there. And the reason I'm saying this, YY yourself included, Jess. The way you women walk in heels is amazing. I'm gonna tell you why I'm not done. You tried. No, you tried. No. Everything is tried sound say I I could never, I can't do it.


It's crazy. As I was saying, I had to DJ the other day And I had my hard bottom shoes on, right? And I tried to be sexy wearing no socks. So you could see my little ankle, right? And it, it rubbed the back of my skin off my shoe. Oh, and my foot. I had, first of all, I had to take my shoes off. Like, I like, like to this point right now, the back of your foot. What? Oh yeah, it is on fire. My wife was like, you see, that's karma for making me rush every time we walk and you like, hurry up and you see I'm trying to walk with my high heels. So salute to all your women out there. That high heels that when y'all be walking on a cobblestone and y'all be walking far and y'all be fighting. I, I had a little minute how that felt. Yo nah, I think you put the heels on. Shut up man. Shut up. A bigger question is, is hard bottoms for adults. Shoes. You know the hard bottoms for babies?


No hot bottoms for shoes. Oh, you got, all right, I wanna see them in adult shoes, dress shoes. I call 'em the hard bottoms. Oh, we call 'em Slippery Earls in Baltimore. Now I got the hard bottoms. Okay. Slippery Earls, slippery euros. Slippery Earls like yeah, but Slippery Earl was Earl who was just an old nigga, old fresh nigga from church. Like startling being church. We call him Slippery Earls. He having on the hard bottom shoes. Hard. Nah, nah. Like, you know the Christian Louboutin, you know, dress shoes. The dress shoes. Dress shoes. The Dress shoes. I'm thinking about the shoes that Jermaine Dupree had on in the Super Bowl with with Usher. Those are hard bottoms, but Daddy, I ain't wearing those though. I ain't wearing those Baby Hard Bottom. I ain't, Yeah. All right, well we come back, we got the positive notice, The Breakfast Club.


Good morning. Morning everybody. It's Djj Envy, just hilarious. Charlamagne the guy. We are The Breakfast Club. We got a salute to Rashad and Troy from Earner Leisure to stop through their new book. You deserve to be Riches out right now. Make sure you go get it. Absolutely salute to my guys. Rashad Al and Troy Millings, man. Yeah, great. Read Emini here. If you like the podcast, you know the Earn Your Leisure podcast. You'll love this book. And if you don't like the podcast, you'll love this book. Yeah, I think this is, I'm honestly gonna go on record and say this. That's the first book that I actually will say, yo. All right, I'm gonna read that, but I'm not, I think I'm gonna listen. They got it on audio book, right? I'm sure they, I'm sure they do. It's a lot of important things in that book. Yeah. SLU to those brothers. Now Charlamagne, you got a positive note?


I do. Yes I do. The positive note is simply this man, it comes from Dr. Wayne W. Dyer. Judge yourself, not others. Okay? Because when you judge another, you do not define them, you define yourself. Have a blessed day Breakfast Club Bitches. Y'all finished or y'all Done?


Listen to me. This is Charlemagne to God talking. If you're not on Prime, you're missing out prime's. Not just fast free delivery, although that is definitely a big perk. It's a collection of excellent services that help you get more outta whatever passion you're into are getting into. Like right Now, I am really getting into past life regression therapy and there's so many books about it on Prime. So you can order books with Prime or even listen to content on Amazon Music. Whether you're binge watching the latest on Prime video, listening to music on Amazon music, or getting those last minute gifts dropped at your door with Prime, same day free delivery with Prime customers, get closer to what they care about. Whatever you're into, it's all on Prime. Visit amazon.com/prime.


Now At t has a new guarantee because most things in life are not guaranteed. Like getting through self checkout by yourself, not guaranteed. In a world where nothing is guaranteed, at t is bringing something new to the table. At and t is introducing a guarantee with connectivity, you depend on deals you want and service you deserve or they'll make it right. Learn more at att.com/guarantee. ATT connecting changes everything, terms and conditions apply. Visit att.com/guarantee for details.


American Public University understands the challenges of balancing education with a busy ever changing life. Whether you're part of a military family managing PCs moves or a working professional juggling career and family, A PU offers the flexibility you need to succeed. Deliver online apus programs make it possible to learn wherever life takes you. And courses are offered in eight and 16 week formats with monthly start dates so you can begin when it's convenient and progress at a pace that's comfortable for you. A PU is committed to making education affordable for everyone, but active duty, military and their families. The preferred military rate is just 250 per credit hour. Veterans and their families can benefit from the Veteran Grant, which provides 10% off undergrad and master's levels tuition. And for everyone else, the Opportunity Grant offers the same 10% tuition savings, making higher education within reach for all. Visit ap.aps.edu/military to learn more American public University education that moves with you.


John Stewart is back at The Daily Show and he's bringing his signature wit and Insight straight to your ears. With the Daily Show Ears Edition podcast, dive into John's unique take on the biggest topics in politics, entertainment, sports, and more. Joined by the sharp voices of the show's, correspondence and contributors, and with extended interviews and exclusive weekly headline roundups. This podcast gives you content you won't find anywhere else, ready to laugh and stay informed. Listen on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts.


You should probably keep your lights on for no tales from the Shadow Rock. Join me Danny Trails and step into the Flames of Fright and an anthology podcast of modern day horror stories inspired by the most terrifying legends and Lord of Latin America. Listen to noon on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts.