
Listen to me. This is Charlemagne to God talking. If you're not on prime, you're missing out prime's. Not just fast free delivery, although that is definitely a big perk. It's a collection of excellent services that help you get more outta whatever passion you're into or getting into. Like right now, I am really getting into past life regression therapy, and there's so many books about it on Prime. So you can order books with Prime, or even listen to content on Amazon Music. Whether you're binge watching the latest on Prime video, listening to music on Amazon music, or getting those last minute gifts dropped at your door. With Prime, same day free delivery with Prime customers, get closer to what they care about. Whatever you are into, it's all on Prime. Visit amazon.com/prime.


Now key Huey Kwan has had the craziest career in Hollywood. He played two of the most iconic movie roles of all time as a kid. First is short round in Indiana Jones, in the Temple of Doom, alongside Harrison Ford. And then his data from the Cult Classic De Goonies. Then after a 20 year break from acting, he wins an Academy of Wolf. His performance and everything everywhere, all at once. Well, now Key is finally starring as a leading man in the movie. Love Hurts. The movie is a zag against your typical romantic Valentine's Day Fair. Love Hurts, has over the top action, comedy, and a ton of heart. It's the perfect choice for date night with a little something for everyone. Love Hurts. Also, stars Academy Award winner Ariana de Bowles and former NFL Running back and Super Bowl champion Marshawn Beast Mode Lynch, who absolutely does his thing in this one. You don't wanna miss this one. Love hurts only in theaters. February 7th.


Life is an act of constant reinvention that's true for you and for cause. Nissan Reimagined the all new kicks around you. The Bowles Personal Plus sound System, which speakers in the headrest keeps you in the groove while the Nissan Safety Shield 360 Technologies keep you safe. If Nissan reinvented the kicks, you can reinvent yourself. Drive the all new Reimagined Nissan Kicks today. Available Features compatible device service and consumer activation of Nissan Connect Services. Package required Use only when safe and legal subject to third party service availability. For more information, see Nissan usa.com/connect/legal. Apple CarPlay is a trademark of Apple Link. Intelligent all-wheel Drive cannot prevent collisions or provide enhanced traction in all conditions. Always monitor traffic and weather conditions.


Taking control of your career is empowering. Just don't tell my boss I said that. Building a career just isn't about a job. It's about creating a path that impacts our community and future generations. Whether you're starting out or making big moves, State Farm is here to support you with resources to help protect what you're working hard to achieve. They've got your back every step of the way because like a good neighbor State Farm is there. Find out more at State Farm dot com.


Good Morning, usa. Yo Yo, yo, yo, yo, yo, yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo, yo yo. Jeff. Hilarious. Good morning, Charlemagne. The God Peace to the planet. It's Monday. Good Morning. How y'all feel out there? That's right. Back to the work week. How you feeling? I Feel blessed Black and Holly favored. Happy to be here to, for another day to serve our beautiful listeners, man. What's Up Jess? How you feeling? How was your weekend? I feel good. I feel, feel, feel really good. I got a lot of stuff done over the weekend, but I just chilled out with my family. Family. Yeah. Yeah. That's good. Good, good, good. Cool. I was at my daughter's dance competition Friday. I actually broadcasted from the hotel and shout to all salute to all the dance dads out there and the, and the dance parents out there.


You know how crazy it is. So her first performance was Friday at 7:00 AM So she was up at 4:00 AM getting ready. 'cause you know, it's a whole routine makeup and, and getting the hair right and the costumes Right. It's so early. So it was pretty dope. So my one daughter won first, and this is over, it is over like a thousand kids. So she was first, first place. That was little Brooklyn. And London was fifth and ninth because they performed two solos. Okay. They performed two. So her one solo, she was in ninth place. One solo was in fifth, which is still great 'cause it's like that's thousands of kids. So we were super duper excited. We spent Gia birthday in dance mode. So it was fun. A lot of fun just with the kids. It was a lot of fun. Do You know the choreography? Did You know? Do I know it? Yeah. Yes, of course. Of course. I know. Okay. I Just say, I'd be like go hand pointy toe flip, turn around.


Oh, Oh yeah. What the TT You want? No, no, no. Tt No. Doing it for fun in the mirror for no reason. Not even with your baby. So just doing it 'cause you like to do it. So dang. What about you? What you did all week? Shuttle in The mirror? I was in, I was in Houston for a little bit. I went to a wedding sl, the Inyo and Derrick, they got married two. Well I'm saying that black people know them, but those my peoples. Okay. Yes, yes, yes, yes. Well congratulations to him. I'm sure you cry. Congratulations in you and Derrick. Nah, I didn't cry. I like weddings. I just like, I enjoy weddings and you know, Inyo is from Ghana so He would never cry on nobody buy weddings. It's a very long, long ceremony. It's actually a couple of them. Really? Yeah. Then the food and then the dancing. Like, no, no. Nobody does anything. Like people from Ghana, duke. Wow.


It's always high level. Wow. Always dancing. Dancing. Oh my guy. Music What? High energy, everything. Yes. Everything. Time. So it don't come down to those. That's what's up. I know when some of the coaches, I don't know if it's the Ghana coach, but when they get married they, they throw money on the people get married. Did they Definitely did that. Absolutely. Wow. Absolutely. How much did you throw? I don't know how much my wife threw. She threw something. Yeah, she Threw. That's what's up. Yeah. So you have to do that too. Yeah. Did they tell you beforehand to get ready? Like, Hey, just know this is the culture so make sure you have your Money. Yeah, no, you know, that's a good question. That's, I know that everybody had the ones and it was on. That's It. That is what's up. I can't wait to go to a, what is it, Ian wedding. I don't know if that's what you call it. Oh, okay. But, But yes that is she, she was definitely practicing her customs.


I guess that's What's up. Yeah. That's Dope. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. That's dope. Alright, well let's get the show cracking. Jason Wilson will be joining us today Man. Jason has a new book called Demand the Moment Demands Out right Now. Fantastic, fantastic read man. Jason's one of my favorite people on the planet. You see him at the Mental Wealth Expo all the time. You probably watched his documentary on ESPN called The Cave of Alum. I know I'm pronouncing that wrong. Definitely Sounds wrong, But Jesus. I know I'm pronouncing that. We'll figure it out. But Jason's a great brother man. He'll be here this morning. Alright, Well let's get to front page news When we come back And I know we gonna talk Grammys. It's only Right, go ahead. Oh yeah, Emini here. Kendrick might have put light-skinned people out forever last night. Oh, Y'all got is Steph cur? I wouldn't say that at this point.


And Chris Brown. Brown Won a Grammy last night too. He Did. Thank you. But boy man, I didn't think it could be lights out. We'll Talk about the Grammy Last thing might been damn the Super Bowl this weekend. Oh my God. Start It over one more time. You're not supposed to do that as a age person. You are never supposed to restart this record. Hey, Ever. You gotta Congrat. You supposed to act like this. Not even happening. You Gotta congratulate that brother's The Breakfast Club. Good morning. Five Grammy wins last night for Kendrick. Yes. Crazy five. Yeah. Congratulations. Hype That to Kendrick Dre car. You think Dre cried himself to sleep last night? I don't think Drake turned around. I think he cheering. He probably had his shit balled up like off Emini Here. He stayed on social. I think he knew. I think he knew. He already knew that. Like I, he knew It was gonna happen. So he probably didn't even watch He Gonna sue the Grammys man. He definitely gonna win that lawsuit though.


Shut up. Let's get in some front page news now. Over the weekend sports the Lakers traded Luca for Anthony Davis. I don't even know what that was about. I am confused about that trade Emini here. If you really think about it. The Mavericks made it to the finals last year. So why would makes sense would leave you biggest piece. Well that's the reason they saying he was 270 pounds. But you know for me you don't trade a generational franchise player just because they gain weight. You go get 'em a trainer, a nutritionist. Right. They just went to the finals last year since when this weight been a problem. Yeah, yeah. That, That, that's, that's my whole thing. Some people were saying that this way they don't have to pay the max contract. But like you said, he was the face of the Mavericks man makes no sense. Luca knocked off. He 25 years old, Luca knocked off one of them top executives.


Girl. Man, that's, that ain't no way in hell. Like that's what I think they know something about Luca we don't know. But I don't understand this trade at All. But now the Lakers have a face to the Lakers for the next what, 10 years? He's only 25 years old. I'm sure LeBron will be retiring in the next couple of years. So now they got a new face Emini here. That'll be the good part of it. The LeBron can teach him some discipline. You know what Emini here, LeBron can possibly teach him how to train and eat right and all of that good stuff. But he'll be a good teacher for Duke Luca. It's not like Luca needs it other than you know, learning how to be disciplined I Guess. Right. But you know, the sad thing about it, what people don't think about is they gotta uproot their families. Like you know, Luke's been in in what Dallas for the last six, seven years. That man Ain't even from here. That man has uprooted his family. That man is from Russia. But he lives here. He's Been living here for six years and Anthony Davis has been living, trust Me, coming from wherever he come from is, is nothing is way worse than what he's doing now over his last seven years.


All his family's in a whole other country somewhere bro. Yes. And also Clarissa Shields, she won over the weekend. I watched it last night. The Unputed heavy title. I did you see it? Yeah. How was the fight? It was good. She cracked that chick so hard at the end. She was fighting Danielle Perkins, I think her name was Danielle Perkins looked bigger during the wedding. She did look I like, I was like Jesus Boy there was breaking her down and at the end she cracked her with her right hand to the jaw. Jesus Dropped it to her niece. Oh. Alright. Well good morning. Morning. Ha Was there? Good morning. Good morning. DJ Envy, Charlamagne the God and just hilarious. Y'all doing good Peace. Morning. Alright, well let's get into it. First and foremost, happy Black History Month. I don't know if we mentioned that, but be happy.


Yeah. Quick history Le Lesson. Dr. Carter g Woodson. He is credited with bringing black history month to prominence in the 1920s. Woodson launch a Negro history week in February to promote the diversity of black achievements in America. He chose the month of February because it included the civil rights, the birthdays of civil rights activists, educator Frederick d Douglas and President Abraham Lincoln who signed the Emancipation Proclamation to free black people from slavery. So you know how everybody be like, why is February it's the shortest month? Well that's why. And understand that we graduated from a week to a month. So in 1976, president Gerald Ford issued a proclamation to reflect on both the history of and teachings of African Americans whose contributions to society were left out of history books.


Looks like we've come so far you and so yeah, we continue to celebrate Black History month in schools, communities across the nation. Or do we? Meanwhile, president Trump, he also issued a proclamation that February, 2025 is National Black History Month. It reads in part that every year Nation National Black History Month is an occasion to celebrate the contributions of so many black Americans Patriots who have indelibly shaped our nation's history. You can read more of his proclamation@whitehouse.gov and while we're here, I'm So question, did they cancel it or something? And we didn't know. Why did he have to do a proclamation and re remind us that February Black History Month. So that's the part we don't necessarily know. But just a suggestion to the, the current administration, when you reference black people, make sure you use the big B, not the little B.


And I know we love to add a S on the black on on the back of things, but you know blacks. Yeah. Let's highly advised against, I'm not gonna get too much into that. Let's get more into what the is coming from. The latest administration, president Trump, he's imposing 25% tariffs on Canada and Mexico. They went into effect on Saturday, but Trump made his case to reporters saying the US is going to have nearly a $200 billion deficit with Canada and a $250 billion deficit with Mexico. Not to mention he blamed them for sending illegal immigrants over the southern border. Yesterday he was on boarding Marine one when he said he will be speaking with Canadian Prime Minister Justin Trudeau today and Mexican President Claudia Scheinbaum later today.


So let's hear those comments from President Trump. I'm speaking with Prime Minister Trudeau tomorrow morning and I'm also speaking with Mexico tomorrow morning. And I don't expect anything very dramatic. And we put tariffs on. They owe us a lot of money and I'm sure they're gonna pay. And I love the people of Canada. I disagree with the leadership of Canada and something's gonna happen there. But if they want to play the game, I don't mind. We can play the game. All they want Isn't not why people voted for Trump. They voted for Trump because they want financial relief. Not more financial hardship. Well, in reference to playing the game, Canadian Prime Minister Justin Trudeau has already announced retaliatory tariffs on US products in response to Trump imposing tariffs on Canadian imports.


And just to give you insight here, some of the things you can expect to go up from Canada and Mexico. I'm just gonna group them all in maple syrup, beer, whiskey, lobster, eggs, beef, pork, salmon, wheat, cheese. And that's just to name a few on the Canadian side. Eggs, apple Beans, tequila, tequila, pepper, be avocado, lime, avocados, everything. Popcorn, corn, mangoes. It's a lot. And then of course the auto industry, oil industry and energy industry also stand to be impacted. Yeah, Canadian. Oh, looks like we're running outta time. Okay. So I'll, I'll get a little bit more into that in the next hour. And we're also talk about, we'll get caught up. What's, what's going on with the plane crash. And it seems as though we've, tragedy has struck, struck again in terms of the airlines, or not so much the airlines but air traffic if you would.


So we'll talk more about that in the next hour. But these tariffs is, yeah, you ex expect to see it in pocket. You gonna Feel it at the grocery store pocket? Absolutely, yes. Within the next few weeks. Within a, within a month they say we should see and feel it. So we'll get more into that in the next hour though. Alright, everybody else get it off your chest. 805 8 5 1 0 5 1. If you need to vent, hit this up right now. Again, 805 8 5 1 0 5 1. Get it off your chest. It's The Breakfast Club. Good morning. The Breakfast Club. This is your time to get it off your chest. 805 8 5 1 0 5 1. We want hear from you on The Breakfast Club. Hello.


Who's this? Hey DJ, MB This is Devin from Sacramento, California. Hey, what's up Devin? Good morning. Get it off your chest mama. Good morning. I have a couple things get off my chest. Oh, first of all, good morning, uncle Sharla. Is Jess there? Yep. This morning. Good morning. How you Good Morning Jess baby. Hi baby. I am good. I have a few things to get on my chest. One Uncle Charlotte, I wrote a poetry book that I want you to read. Okay. But second of all, I have a problem. I've been trying to get in for weeks since the fire started. I live in Sacramento And I work for the government and water resources previously.


And just what you, I feel like what you guys have been saying on the radio is not correct. I've heard a few listeners from SoCal saying that, oh, they restrict our water and da da da da California has been in a drought for years. We experienced that in Northern California. I can't water my grass on certain days. I wasn't able to water my grass for years. Damn. Yeah. And then let's talk about how Trump just ordered federally to release dam water without notifying the residents or the counties who would have to be affected by that.


And that creates extreme problems for those residencies in those counties. Dang, that is wild. We listening. I, we don't know anything about this. We're just, we listening. Well, I'm telling you this happened, I believe it was Thursday night of last week, he did an executive order to, to open the dams in three counties in California. And those counties were not ready. Homes and neighborhoods were flooded Damn. Because of the uneducation and his whatever. You Know, I don't understand about stuff like that. I don't Know, I don't, I can't even call it government. What I don't understand about stuff like that is where are the checks and balances?


Like, 'cause even if the president orders something Like that, there was no checks and balances. Uncle Sharla because he said, I'm the president, I'm doing a federal order. Open the dam. Yeah, but my, my thing is, my thing is if you're, if you're somebody who actually Our senator, but Padilla did say this, this is not okay, you did not give accurate time for the residents or the counties to respond or for the appropriate agencies to respond. Yeah. And that's what I don understand. What do federal officials, if, if federal officials know that what he's about to do is gonna cause harm to people, why do they still do it? Why would they be complicit in knowing that what he's doing is wrong? Like I don't that that's, that's So what I heard is they got a two hours notice, two hours off during not office time.


You cannot alert everybody. Mm. That's crazy. That's why I'm saying, And I understand you blame Democrats for a lot of what's going on, but a lot of what's going on is unprecedented and you cannot blame the officials for wanting to go through the proper channels. Oh no, I definitely, no, I definitely blame Democrats for what's going on because it is Democrats cowardice that got us in this situation to begin with. No, I understand that. But it's gover, it's now government officials who don't have the power. We're not in the residency. Our senate re representative who, for example, represent these counties, they didn't have a response time.


Okay. Yes ma'am. Senator Padilla was very vocal about this. This is what I heard on my local news for the past four days. Absolutely. Well thank you for checking in and give us a a call mama. And again, you know, we hope that you guys are, are getting the water and they can figure that, that situation out. 'cause it just seems nasty that you guys have not been able to, to water grass for over a year. And y'all having such a water problem. Get it off your chest. 805 8 5 1 0 5 1. If you need to vent, hit us up now. It's The Breakfast Club. Good morning. The Breakfast Club. Ray, Ray. Ray. Yo, Charlamagne, what up are we live? This is your time to get it off your chest. I got an indoor pool, a outdoor Pool.


We wanna hear from you on The Breakfast Club. We Can get on the phone right now. He'll tell you what. It's We live. Hello? Who's this? Hey, this is Shama from North Carolina. How you doing dj? Justin Aria, what's Up off your chest? Today is my 21st birthday. Hey, I'm, I'm, I'm glad, I'm glad to be in the number today. Congratulations brother. A lot of people woke up dead man. So I'm happy that you woke up when you 21. Jesus. Yeah. I'm grateful to be in the number. You know, I'm a communications student at Fayville State University. That's right. You know, I'm glad to see another year Word. What you wanna go, what you wanna do when you graduate. I want be a sports or entertainment reporter.


So Yeah. That's my ultimate goal. Yeah. Either a radio or television. Charlamagne you met before I I met you over the summer. I remember reading the book Signings in New York. Yeah, I remember 'cause you came up to me and you told me exactly what you just said on, on there. Every time he calls he says it so we know who you are. That's what I remember. That's Up. Yep, yep, yep. So I really appreciate it. How's, how Jess, how you doing? How's your baby? I'm good. She's great. Thank you for asking. Happy birthday love. Nope, Thank you so much. I appreciate you all. All right Ken, have a good one. You keep working bro. Keep growing. Hello, who's this? Kenya. Hey Kenya. Get it off your chest. I'm just, I'm calling and hi to you guys. I'm glad they finally giving Chris Brown his flowers. Yes girl On It.


Black falling for a long time. Yes, they're happy about it too. They're just not saying anything. But thank you. So now we Happy Chris. Chris won a Grammy I think it's been 12 years, so congratulations. No, I'm happy Chris won a Grammy. I'm sitting there trying to figure out, you know, where was Chris, you know for that Quincy Jones performance. He should have been doing the Michael Ja part. He so all love the Janelle Monet. Yeah, but I, you know, I ain't seen Michael Jackson do 90% of that stuff she was doing No, you know, You know what I'm saying? She, And plus my thing was when I saw his documentary, I felt like if you pass week, you get one back. So a lot of people didn't sit well with that. But you know. And you what mom of four boys? What'd you say? If she passed the lick, she, she deserved one back.


No. If what? No, see if you passed the lick she de if she passed the lick then she deserved one back. Oh no. I highly disagree with that. If she passed the lick, you should run as a man. Take off. Oh wow. Well Thank you. In the other direction. Go the opposite way. Well, Well Jonathan May just tried that. That ain't ain't work. Ain't Work. You're right. But I still would take that over. The most definitely alternative. Hello? Who's this De from Charleston. What's up de get up. What up de what's going on in the 8 43 this morning? Ain't not much to take my daughter ready for school by the take her to the bus stop. But I gotta, I got something to say to America. The left lane is the fast lane guys. Okay. Okay. The left lane is the fast lane.


You had to blow them horn at, you had to blow the horn at somebody this morning Man. Every day. I don't know what's going on in America. But the left lane is the fast lane. Yes sir. Take it easy. All have a good one. Get it off your chest. 805 8 5 1 0 5 1. If you need to vent you can hit us up Now we got rumors on the way. Absolutely. Yo, we gotta talk about Kendrick Sweep. We gotta talk about Taylor screaming a minor. We gotta talk about Beyonce winning Kanye West wife. Was it? It's a lot. It is the Best Grammys I I've seen in a lot long time. It's very entertaining. Yes. All right, we'll get into all that when we Come back. Very DI friendly. It's The Breakfast Club. Good morning. The Breakfast Club. Alright, morning everybody.


It's DJ Envy Jess. Hilarious Charlemagne guy. We are The Breakfast Club. Let's get to just with the Mess Is real Hilarious. Jessica Robin Moore just don't do no lying. She Don't spell nobody Worldwide. Jess Worldwide Mess on The Breakfast Club. She's a cultureship. She was able to get y'all to see something and understand something that nobody could get you To see. It's time to set it on. So there was a lot going on last night. But the Grammys was like the biggest talk. Right. And it was a lot. You gonna break this down for us Lauren? Yes, Yes, yes, yes. So, okay, we gonna start with the carpet first. Right? So people started pulling up to the Grammys last night.


Kanye West and his wife Bianca made an appearance. She was naked, she had on Shear but it was completely Nah that's Naked. Yeah. Completely see-through with nothing under it whatsoever. He did not go into the show. There were reports that he went into the show and then because of her outfit they were escorted out. But those reports were debunked. That is not true. He just walked the carpet, they got in their car and they dipped. You could see a snatch like you, the snatch is coming A moment was naked. Like it was, it was nothing There. Another moment that It is interesting. Kanye claims to be so anti-industry, but damn he loved to be around that. I'm talking about what he about to drop Bully industry things. What he Knew what he was doing Because that was for a moment of course he didn't plan to even going. He knew he wasn't gonna make it in. She had on a fur coat and then she turned around, dropped the coat.


It was like, oh okay. Welcome. Another moment that happened on the carpet baby face. So Baby Face was doing an interview. Disrespectful. Oh it's crazy. Baby Face was doing an interview with the AP Associated Press and let's take a listen to the moment where they completely cut him off in the interview. Can you talk about just this new trend that we're seeing in r and b where we're seeing more of a fusion, we're seeing people blend the genre with pop blend the genre with hip hop and, and rock as well. Yes. I think it's interesting. Chapel. Chapel. You guys wanna do that? Go through that. So sorry buddy. I'm so sorry. Jesus. No, he's still Babyface he still woke up Babyface this morning.


Yeah. Period. And she a kid, you feel me? Obviously like she's not, not a kid, but like she's so disconnected. Like she's not connected to that culture. Yeah. Yeah. She she saw that that star. 'cause I think that started, she called the, what, what was the name of the Chapel room? Yeah. That person won a Grammy too. See person as a big one. Does somebody popping And she but it's baby face and she know that person. Yeah, I know it's baby face. She know. Baby's Like, Hold On. And 2D Apologized by the way. But wait, Hold on. Even when she apologized, she was like, when she came back and she was like, I'm a fan of Babyface. We got the audio. I was trying to get There. I I think she lied about Listen in, we got the audio. You Know, first I wanted to say that I'm really sorry about interrupting Babyface earlier Chapel run had come up and there was a lot of commotion as there is on these carpets.


But I'm a big baby face fan and as our be all. And so I just wanted to say that, that I really apologize, but thank you so much for having me. You guys. It's been great. DEI highest both of 'em Had to say a big, Now here's the thing too, a lot. So it was, it was three of them. So it was a guy face, it was another girl and it was the girl who cut off Babyface the girl. The second girl in the midst of that apology was like, I'm so sorry I had to be a part of that. But yeah, things happened. Like basically girl I tried to tell you that was Babyface like, and you was just so hype, but someone whispered in her ear, she should have walked around baby face and went and got. But I will say this, when you do those red carpets, right, they, if, if a bigger artist does come up or a artist that they think is bigger, they try to get that biggest artist in before they walk past you. It happens all the time.


There's multiple people. But as, but as you, as somebody doing the interview, you have to know to wrap it up and close. So like, thank you so much baby face, good luck and let them wrangle the other one happens all the time. That was the issue. But you don't disrespect nobody like that And then know who you, I'm telling you, I just don't think that she knew how big he is. Like she Knew 'cause she's a DEI high What I'm saying, like at least train these Emini here, you know, train these people on who was gonna be at the carpet. But She looked young. She probably, she did, she, she wasn't That young, but so Babyface did make A statement. She was young baby Fa said the, the best part of the night was reconnecting with old friends and meeting new artists and feeling all the love in the room. That's what I remember. That's what it's really about. Music is bigger than any moment. Much love to everyone who wanted everyone out there making great music basically.


I'm still babyface at the end of the day, But can I Just say this, the last thing, making two things. I Just say last thing this just last thing. If I'm interviewing the Chappelle girl, whatever her name is, right? And I see Babyface walking, I'm, I'm gonna grab baby face. Yeah. As you should. But culturally it's different for you. That's The truth. That's what I say. I chapel. Thank you so much Babyface. Damn it is what it is Now. Now moving on over to the show. So big night Trevor Noah hosted the 67th annual Grammy Awards. Billy Eilish opened the show. Kendrick Lamar took it home. When I say sweep Emini here, sweep, he, he even had Taylor Swift in there doing the sweep as well too. Like it was a huge night for him. He took on five Grammys Song of the year, record of the year. Best rap performance.


Best rap song. Best music video. Let's take a listen to him accepting one of those words. Somebody Get the broom out. Get the broom out. Alright. To not like us Whitney, in the video crit walking, we gonna dedicate that one, that one he You gonna Jay liked them Walk you all the West Coast artists, man. Early, early on G Malone. Legend problem. Bad luck, K Boy, daylight, Mike Stro. These the catch that inspired me to be the mc I am today. Schoolboy J Rock, ab soul. This is, this is what it's about, man. Because at the end of the day, nothing more powerful than rap music. I don't care what it is. We are the culture that's gonna always stay here and live forever. And to the young artists like my man Punch say, I just hope you respect the art form.


That's all. Respect the art form. Get you where you need to go. All right, salute. I appreciate y'all love y'all. I wanna include Kenrick, absolutely shout, he shouted out glasses. Mal alone at the Grammys problem at the Grammys. The thing I like about Kendrick in this moment is like he's having a career year. What? He's just brought it back to the soil. Yeah, he just brought it back to the forget where his people to the roots. That's it. To what inspired him. Absolutely. Come on man, You get that. Come On man. Now the the another big part of the Kendrick Lamar acceptance speeches was the way that the crowd reacted. So when he won his first award and they dropped, not like us as he was walking up, there's a video and they pinned the crowd. You see Beyonce turning up Blue Ivy, Taylor Swift, everybody piece Of the planet


Charlemagne tha god here. And I just want you to know, if you're not on Amazon Prime, you're seriously missing out. It's not just about the fast free delivery, although let's be real, that's a game changer. It especially was for me this holiday season. Prime is like your personal guide to everything you're into or want to get into. Whether it's binge watching the latest hit on Prime video, you know, listening to your favorite playlist on Amazon music or getting those last minute gifts, which same day, free delivery prime's got you covered. And here's the kicker. Prime isn't just about getting you closer to your passions, it's about helping you discover new ones too. Got a hobby you're obsessed with Prime Fuels it. Trying something new Prime helps you dive deep into whatever's next. It's like me being passionate about mental health. You can order all kinds of books on mental health on Prime. My favorite is the Unapologetic Guide to Black Mental Health by Dr. Rita Walker. Prime gets you closer to what really matters, making all times of the year that much more special. Whether it's screaming your favorite movie or getting that perfect gift delivered the same day, prime makes everything easy and stress free. Whatever you're into, it's on prime. Visit amazon.com/prime now.


The World is constantly changing. It's up to you to decide how to respond. Choose to be bold to try something new. Choose to reinvent yourself. That's what Nissan did with the all new total Reimagined kicks. The dynamic new exterior style immediately announces that Nissan isn't messing around the interior. A completely redesigned cab with preview features like wireless Apple CarPlay and panoramic moonroof make driving and kicks immersive and exciting. And with new performance and safety features like intelligent Allwheel Drive the Kicks is both more fun and safer with the drive than ever before. It is the donning of a brand new era for the Nissan Kicks on. One question remains, is it a new era for you as well? Drive the all new reimagined Nissan Kicks today available Feature. Bose is a registered trademark of the Bose Corporation. Nissan Safety Shield technologies can't prevent all collisions or worn in all situations. See owner's manual for important safety information


At t has a new guarantee because most things in life are not guaranteed. Like actually getting the rental call you requested or your wedding turning out just like you dreamed it would. And someone making another pot of coffee in the break room after drinking the last drop of the last one. Yeah, don't get me started. Not guaranteed. In The World where nothing is guaranteed at t is bringing something new to the table. At t is introducing a guarantee. With connectivity you depend on deals you want and service you deserve or they make it right. So if you wanna know more about the at t guarantee, head to att.com/guarantee. At&t connecting changes everything, terms and conditions apply. Visit att.com/guarantee for details.


Hey fam, if you're like me, you're thinking about how to level up in your career, maybe you're fresh outta college just starting in your field or even looking to switch things up and find your true calling. Whatever stage you're in, remember that this is your time to grow, to learn and to build something that lasts. State Farm understands that early career development is key to long-term success. They've been a steady presence in our communities and they know that having the right support early on can make all the difference. State Farm is there to help you make smart moves and to help you get the coverage you need. We all know the journey to success is a marathon, not a sprint. It's about staying focused, staying grounded and making sure you're protected every step of the way. Let's build our careers with confidence knowing that State Farm is there to support us just like they've always been because like a good neighbor State Farm is there. Find out more at State Farm dot com.


It's Literally screaming a minor. We have that as well. Toos one of The biggest songs ever Now. Now they also ran into Drake's dad outside of the award show after all of this. What's no? Yes, they ran into Drake's. Dad, let's take a listen. What do you think about Kendrick Lamar not like us Getting record of the year. I don't care. Nothing about that shit got nothing do with me. All the best man. Okay, cool, cool. I don't do that fool. I feel you man. I feel, I think he answering the question about the beef because he did say, oh you know Ain't mad. All things Tony. Like I told you, I told you leave that little boy, that little Lamar boy alone. Didn't I? I tell them little boy from Compton plate Different. Didn't I tell you that? Boy? That's what you get. You ain't laying damn. Listen your Dad, that's crazy. No, we we got some more.


We got some more history and big moments. We do gotta get to Beyonce 'cause she finally won her album of the year. So we'll bring that back at the top of the next album. And Then Chris Brown won best RB album 1111. And then my girl Deci won best rap album. Rhapsody won a Grammy rap. We giving it to Come on, we gonna come on back. We got, we got some more stuff here for y'all. Yeah. Alright. All right. We'll get to that next. All right, now when we come back we got front page news and then Jason Wilson will be joining us. He has a new book, right? Haw? Yes he does. It's called Demand the Moment Demands Master The 10 Characteristics of the Comprehensive Man. Alright, We'll get to that Next. It's The Breakfast Club. Good morning, You are checking out The Breakfast Club. Morning everybody. It's D djj nv, just hilarious. Charlamagne the guy.


We are The Breakfast Club. Let's get in some front page news. I start off with some quick sports, not a pro Bowl NFL 76 63 to NFC one. But also we gotta congratulate Clarissa Shields. She won over the weekend. Great fight. I watch, I love watching Clarissa get busy, man. She was fighting Danielle Perkins I think. Yeah, Danielle Perkins. And Danielle is not no young, no little girl. And she's not no young woman. She's like 42 years old. And you said she boy showed these to her knees last minute. What Danielle was, bro, she looked diesel bro. Diesel. Diesel. And Clarissa broke her down, cracked it the end, bought her and dropped it to her knees. Yeah. All right. And also if you haven't heard the Lakers and the Mavs did a deal, which put Luca on the Lakers and Anthony Davis to Dallas.


I just want to know, what do the Mavericks know about Luca that we have not found out yet? I don't know. Like they know something about Luca that we don't know because there is no reason to trade a once in a lifetime generational talent like Luca. And he just took y'all to the finals last year, just took it to The finals. It makes no sense. But I Emini here. We'll, we'll find out more. What's up Morgan? What's up? Envy, Charlemagne and Jess. You know, there's a lot of things that don't make sense, but you know, we gonna get into that. Speaking of which Trump is putting tariffs on Canada, Mexico, and China. 25% on Canada and Mexico and 10% on China. Canada's ambassador to the us. Kirsten Hillman, she told ABCs this week, if the two countries are unable to reach an agreement, Canada will place a 25% tariff on US goods.


She also expressed that the Canadian people are confused by President Trump's actions. Let's hear more from Canadian ambassador to the us. Kirsten Hillman, this Is not something that Canada wants to do. This is not a path that we are interested in going down. We are actually interested in being and continuing to be your best customer. We will be implementing 25% tariffs on US products. We will go up to a hundred billion US dollars worth of products. Canadians are perplexed, I think disappointed. We, we view ourselves as your, your neighbor, your closest friend, your Ally. You know, just from Canada alone, Morgan, you got your eggs, your beef, your pork, your salmon, your cheese, your potatoes, your syrup, your whiskey, your bear.


Yep. Canola oil. Yes. Lobsters. We love lobsters, we love salmon. And that's it because I use that every Day. You see what I'm saying? All This stuff. I'll get it in bulk now. Shoot, I don't know. And all of this stuff going up 25% in price Effective immediately on on those things. Everything from China, excuse me, China, Canada, and Mexico already, in effect with more tariffs on the way later this month, keeping in mind that domestic and foreign automakers will also feel the impact. They're talking about that at the Detroit Regional Chamber. And it's Mitch Auto affiliate saying tariffs will have a detrimental effect on our automotive industry in Michigan and the Great Lakes region. Moving on, we're learning more about the crash out of Washington dc.


Federal officials say they're analyzing the black boxes recovered from the mid-air collision near DC last week. Bryce banning with the National Transportation Safety Board says they're working to transcribe the entirety of the data to get a clearer picture of the crash after hearing the audio from the black box. Now this comes as there was another plane crash that happened over the weekend in Philadelphia on Friday night. Seven people are dead and 19 others were injured after a medical transport jet plummeted to the ground shortly after takeoff. All of those on board the plane were Mexican nationals. Now Todd Inman with the NTSV says both black boxes were recovered from both of those accidents. And they're working hard to find the cause of the DC crash. In addition to what happened in Philadelphia on Friday night, he went on to say the tower was well staffed as well at the time of the crash at Reagan National Airport.


Let's hear more from Todd Inman with the NTSB. Know this, we will find out what happened in both of those accidents. We'll make recommendations and we will attempt to never have to deal with those type of accidents again. At the time of the accident, there were five controllers in the air traffic control Tower cab at DCA. So at last check, I believe 55 of the 67 victims have been recovered from the Potomac River officials are confident they will be able to locate the remaining victims. Now, the transportation secretary, Sean Duffy, he's calling for changes in air traffic control following these disasters. Now speaking to CNN State of the Union, Duffy said the country's air traffic control practices are outdated and need to be updated, saying they haven't been updated since World War ii.


Now he said officials haven't determined the causes of the Washington DC and Philadelphia plane crashes as of yet. But the FAA will work to see what's happening with those incidents. He also addressed the shortage of air traffic controllers that's plagued the country in recent years, pending much of the blame on the COVID-19 pandemic. Despite all of that rhetoric, though, he again admitted that we won't know the full story until the National Transportation Safety Board finishes their investigation. He does want Americans to feel safe when flying. And he also spoke to the members, family members of those who lost loved ones. Those family members also toured the wreckage, which is more than I could say for what our President has done.


Moving on, I think this will be really interesting for you Charlamagne, because you have been calling out the Democratic Party while the Democratic Party has a new leader. On Saturday, the party members elected Ken Martin as the next chair of the Democratic National Committee. And his victory speech, Martin called for unity among Democrats in the fight against the other side of the aisle and his victory speech. Oh yeah, I just said that. So let's hear more from newly appointed DNC chair Ken Martin To my fellow Democrats. We, we got punched in the mouth in November. There's no two ways about it. I'm running for GDNC chair because it's time to get off the mat to dust ourselves off and to get back in this fight. A lot of people in this country right now are gonna need us to walk and chew gum at the same time.


Meaning we're gonna have to fight the extremes of Donald Trump while we make a sharp case to families in both red states and blue states about why they should trust us with their votes. The thing is this, when the Trump agenda fails Americans, which it most certainly will and already has, we have to be there with the legitimate alternative to this chaos. He's right. But you know, Republicans are gonna fumble and Democrats don't have the team to recover it. I read so many great articles yesterday, the New York Times had a article called We Have No Coherent Message. Democrats Struggle to Oppose Trump. There was another article in The Guardian called Why Are the Democrats so spineless? There's, there's, there's a lot of great reads about the Democratic Party right now.


And their, their choice for the DNC leader doesn't make me confident that they're gonna assemble the team that they need to assemble to recover the inevitable fumble that Republicans are gonna gonna make. What Would, What would what Make you Confident? Something outside of the party. Like I, I don't feel like any of these establishment Democrats. I don't think, I don't think neoliberalism is the answer to what we're seeing now. To me, Neo, you Say we've gotta find our own. Well we Democrats need to find their own Donald Trump of sorts. Someone outside Our, our, our young Bernie Sanders or somebody that, you know, is delivering that type of energy that a OC is delivering. I think I like, I like those kind. I like the messaging that both of them are delivering. Like right now, people like Nina Turner. You know, that's what, that's what I'm, that's what I'm interested in right now.


Okay. Okay. Interesting. All right. All right. You know, hey y'all have y'all start having the conversations. So we got four years. I don't know. Well that's your front page news, Morgan Wood, follow me on social at Morgan Media and for more news coverage, follow at Black Information Network. Download the free iHeartRadio app and visit us@bnnews.com. Have a wonderful week. Happy Monday y'all. Thank you Morgan. All right, thank you. Now when we come back, Jason Wilson will be joining us. He has a new book, right? Y'all? Yes, he does. It's called Demand The Moment Demands Master the 10 Characteristics of the Comprehensive Man. I think every brother out there should go buy it. If you got a man in your life that you love, you need to buy it for him so he can read it. It is a fantastic, fantastic book man. Alright. And we'll get to that next. It's The Breakfast Club. Good morning, The Breakfast Club.


Morning everybody. It's DJ Envy. Jess, hilarious. Charlamagne the guy. We are The Breakfast Club. We got a special guest in the Building. One of my favorite brothers on the planet, man. The Brother Jason Wilson. Welcome brother. What's up? Welcome. Welcome back. I should say To meet you. I'm doing well. Caught the flu and sinus infection. I was bedridden like the six or seven days. Oh wow. At the beginning of the year. Couldn't work out, couldn't do anything. And just had to allow my body to heal and practice what I preach and just rest and stop allowing my life to be centered around what I gotta do, you know? Yeah. Well that's interesting. Your new book is called Demand. The Moment Demands Master The 10 Characteristics of the Comprehension Man. So the start of the year, right. Start of the year, you know, that's a, a reset for a lot of people. But you started the year sick.


Yeah. For six, seven days. So in that moment, that's kind of a reset. Yeah. You had to be completely still. What did you realize in that moment? I realized, you know, that, you know, as men, you know, we can't keep our foot to the throttle. You know, we staying first gear of manhood, which I call just the masculine mode, which gets us from stop to start. But if we stay in that gear, we're gonna burn the clutch out. And in the process, I believe I was burning my life clutch out, just working really hard on this book and other things. And so it gave me a lot of time to sit with the most high and just meditate on allowing myself to just be instead of performing. Yeah. And that's what so many men struggle with, just living performance based lives and us taking this out, you know?


But they gave me time to reflect. And then, you know what's crazy, I had to beat Sister b Simone, which I call like my daughter now. I had to do her podcast. And the Holy Spirit was like, I need you. You're going to be weak, but you gotta go. I got something you gotta tell her. And so I barely could make the flight. I wanted to make sure I wasn't contagious. Went down to the podcast brother and my sister. Within a matter of maybe 20 minutes, the interview shifted from that to her And I was able to answer one of her prayers. But if I wasn't weak, 'cause I'm like, man, why, why would I get sick in this time when I need to promote this message? Most? I was like, I needed you weak for my daughter because if you strong, you may not be broken enough for me to speak to you and to speak the words I need to say to her.


Mm. The episode ended with us praying and it was very powerful. But that weakness allowed me to be the man in that moment for her. You know? And a lot of times we miss those moments because we feel we have to be perpetually strong, which we know by now with research that it's killing us. And so that weakness in that moment was needed. And I'm thankful that I surrender to that so I can be the man in the moment for Be. Simone, You, you got the book broken down into three parts, dynamic, deeper and devotion. Can you explain the difference? For sure. The dynamic is what we as men are used to fighting. You know, of course we are used to that innately in us to protect. The problem is many of us are fighting the wrong way.


Emini here, think of how many intellectually gifted men who are incarcerated because they couldn't rule their emotions in the moment. The next one, of course is number two, which we tend to just gravitate to, is the provider. You know, providing for our families, making sure they have the care they need, not just the money. 'cause as we know, once you get it, it's not really fulfilling. It's what you do. What is, is your presence? Is your presence really present? You know, are you're really active with your children, your wife and your family and your community? Then I go to the leader. Like many of us want to be leaders, all right? But a lot of us don't lead by example. We lead by intimidation. So I unpack that and then we go to the deeper, which is the lover. I start with the lover characteristic.


'cause many men, we believe love is sex only. And I share an intimate moment with my wife when she had, we had, my wife had five miscarriages. Mm wow. And as a result of our last one, they had to make a incision vertically on her stomach. And she, you know, as a woman, you become self-conscious of that scarf. And so one, even while we were, you know, intimate, the Holy Spirit said, I want you to kiss that scarf from the top of it to the bottom. And I allowed myself, because I'm emotionally intelligent and I'm a comprehensive man, sex to me isn't a lot of men we think is about the ground and pound like MMA, like it's about force, but it's not always about that.


It's about sensitivity and connecting. And so when I started kissing the scar, my wife started weeping and crying. And in that moment I was able to allow her to release this self-consciousness, well self-conscious feeling about this scar. And I just share where she's always beautiful. But those kisses confirmed that, you know, it wasn't just words in that moment. Then I moved from the lover characteristic to the nurturer. Many of us as men, we believe that being a nurturer is a feminine attribute. First and foremost, we're supposed to be human, masculine and feminine are just adjectives. All right? Being masculine means you exude strength, boldness, and aggression, which we have to have.


And so if I'm a nurturer, does that mean I'm feminine? No. The goal for us is humans, is to be human, to exercise humanity. Many of the greatest coaches are nurturers, cattle herds, farmers are nurturers. Any teacher, a mentor, you are a nurturer. You have to nurture to develop anything. And then from the nurture, I go to the gentleman, I, when I discovered I unpacked chivalry, we have been misled to believe that that's a system to pander to women. It's not, it was actually a code of honor for medi medieval knights warriors. And so how did we relinquish that? Then I go to unpack the alpha male myth. Like there is no battle between two wolves to see who will lead the wolf pack.


First and foremost, that study was done on wolves in captivity. What they come to realize is that the leaders or the alphas in this pack were the male and female wolf. So in essence, in a human sense, the alphas are the husband and wife leading a family. So I tell my brothers, look, if you really want to be an alpha, get married, lead your family, build the community. And that's what it's about. So from the gentleman, I go to the friend, many of us, we say we're friends, but we don't understand really what that mean. Like you say how be Simone, she sacrifices her life. For you guys, you know her time. And I give an example of the Winnie Depo series, you know, where you'll see Ior clearly depressed or always in the bad mood or in the funk.


Sad. Did his friends say, you toxic? I'm gonna put up a boundary here. I you, you, you ruining my energy. No, they always accepted him for who he was because they knew he was their friend. And that's what we need. Now in times like this is a friend who will endure all adversity and challenge. So from those characteristics that go to the devotion, the first is the husband. What does it look like to sacrificially love your wife and honor her the way that you want to be honored? And that's where I really take time to help men unpack their emotions and how we allow the way we were raised to prevent us from truly living from our hearts and giving it our all to our wives. You know, we stay guarded and often say brothers, there is no freedom in the facade.


And as a man been married 26 years because of the way I grew up, I still have to fight to hold my wife's hand in public or to be romantic because it was like I'm dropping my guard. And so that's something I'm still working to improve on. And the last two of course is the father. You know, I can't tell you how many times as a father, I passed down the harshness of my dad onto my own daughter. And as a result of that, you know, we had to go through a lot of therapy, prayer and a lot of, I'm sorrys for me to say, Hey Lex, I apologize for passing on to you what I got from my dad And I make it better. And so the father is helping men learn how to parent, not from what we didn't get from my father, but give our children what we long for.


And the last one, I close with the sun characteristic because that's the one that made me into a comprehensive man. I tell men all the time, if you want to become comprehensive, run to the areas in your life that make you feel, what they will say is our unmasculine emotions. This world, this society's in dire need of a man's nurturing love our patience. What does long suffering look like from a man? So when I had to care for my mother, she needed more than a protective provider. She needed someone who would nurture her, who would foul her nails when the caregiver couldn't paint her nails, wash her hair, wash her. And I couldn't do that the way I was. And so I end with that one because it puts men in positions where we have to be transparent.


All we got more with Jason Wilson when we come back. His new book, demand the Moment Demands out right now is The Breakfast Club. Good morning. Morning everybody. It's D EJ NV, just H, Larry Charlamagne, the Guy. We are The Breakfast Club. It's still kicking it with Jason Wilson, author. He has a new book, the Man, the Moment The Man's Out right now. Jess, Very intentional, like a very intentional person about what you wrote. I imagine that a lot of this was written from your personal experience. Absolutely. Right. Okay. And and would you feel like the husband part, did all of that transpire within like the 26 years or, or were you ever married before Or, that's a good question. No, I wasn't married before, thankfully. But 2015, I think we got married in 1998.


So in 2015 my wife And I were considering separation because I was only a masculine male. I could only express my emotions through hitting the table, hitting the refrigerator, raising my voice, lacking the control needed to really communicate with her. And so that's when I realized that I needed some help that I was holding onto a lot of trauma, unresolved anger for my father, wound the death of my, both of my brothers, my best friend. I could go down the line. And I got tired of allowing that trauma to time travel and ruin my present blessings. And so the husband chapter basically it, it shares how I evolved. But even who I am now, that it's constantly a fight.


We married, you know what Emini here, you gotta, you gotta make sure your heart is there. I keep a picture of my wife and my phone when she was young during a time when she was very vulnerable, when she didn't feel things were stable in her own life. And that keeps my heart tender towards her in the moments when we may not get along. And so I also share an analogy of the crayons for men. So we can be prac, have a practical understanding of how, so we are so limited in who we are as men. We've allowed society to define us. So I use a 64 box of crayons as the amount of emotions women have access to, we'll actually choose to express.


'cause we both have access to both of them. But we as men, we lock up, lock ourselves in the eight box of crayons and we probably only express four. So then we get frustrated when we're communicating with our women. Like, why don't you understand me? Well my brother, she's expressing Violet, all you got is purple. She's expressing lime now you gotta grab a green and a yellow to try to meet the moment. And so I'm encouraging men like, look, I'm not telling you to relinquish your masculine attributes 'cause then now you'll be deficient in that area. You gotta be the lion and the lamb. And so I'm, what I'm telling men is to be human, express what you feel. All of us as men want to be more available, want to be more transparent, want to be more emotionally open.


But we fear being admonished or imp passively dismissed by those that we love. So then we go into s suffering and silence and then that leads to emotional incarceration. Then that leads to suicidal ideations. And then our wives don't even know what we were dealing with until they planned in our funerals. And so that's why I poured my heart into this book because Emini here, heck, just recently brother, my best close friend called me and said, you know, for the first time he looked at his gun and thought about it. And so this is what a lot of men are going through. But when you meet him, he's smiling, he's jovial, he's happy. And so it's, what's the saying, don't miss the forest for the trees.


I'm telling people, not just our wives, but the brothers who have friends. Don't miss the struggle for the smile. Just 'cause the brother says, I'm good. I'm all right. Doesn't mean that he's good and we should check on each other. I Do have two questions that something you said. One was, you talked about your relationship with your daughter and you said not sure the term you used. I, I guess you had to apologize or change because what you learned from your father. You were teaching your daughter and you realized it was wrong. What was that? My father, I had no idea at the time that he had a lot of unresolved anger from the way he was raised in the south. Had to deal with a lot of racism. And he carried that back to Detroit and Emini here. I remember one time brother, he asked me, he, he ran the barbershop.


He asked me just simply to cut the arrow on. I accidentally cut the heat on. I think I may have been 10 years old. He cursed me out in front of everybody in the barbershop. Hmm. That right there shattered my confidence as a man. It demeaned me and it, it didn't stop there. He loved me, but he thought giving me gifts would suffice and it didn't. I needed him to be active in my life, but he couldn't because of all the pain that he'd been through. And so what the, it's called intergenerational trauma where you pass down what you've received. So before I knew it, this anger that he even had taught my mother, he told my mother one day they had gotten divorced and she accidentally opened one of his letters, well mail that came to the house and here it is, I'm going to middle school.


And my mother shows me her gun and her purse. And she says, your father just called and said he's gonna do something to me because I opened his letter. Mm. So here it is, as a young boy trying to focus in class, I gotta think about my mother's life. Yeah. But that's how much anger my father had. And brother, I hope my transparency frees some brothers listening or watching. It's like, you know, you don't want to create a legacy of wounds. You want to fight and do whatever you can to get healed. Because if not now you're gonna see that same behavior in your children, then you're mad at them. And all they did was become who you were. That's why I think apologizing to your kids is so important because that's something that, you know, I feel like I never got from my father. And I always say my father raised me outta fear and not love.


And I think that's what we gotta avoid doing. We gotta raise our kids outta love and not, not fear. The fear of that they might end up, you know, falling victim to the street or end up if we were in the street doing the same thing that we were doing. Like we gotta relinquish that. That's True. I call it fear-based parenting. You know, my mother was that way, which is, I understand why she was because she just lost a son, you know? And then my other brother from my father, he was murdered. So she was terrified that I would die the same way. And because of that fear, she had checked out, you know, meaning the affirmation that you typically get from your mother, the nurturing, I didn't get that. I, my mother loved me. Like everyone who knew, my mother knew she loved me. But I realized in therapy, one session when the therapist asked me, who would get the bandaid when you got hurt?


And I said, I will. My mother would just tell me where it was. And in that moment I realized, man, this is why I'm misusing women. Because I never understood the importance of having my mother, the, the understanding of what nurturing is, the value with the affirmation. And I unpack the mother wound as well in that book. Because many of us, what we're seeking is the love for my mothers and women. And they'll never be able to match what we didn't get. Yeah. And it's unfair to them. And so I had to unpack all of that brother, because I didn't want to transfer that onto my children. And so I've allowed myself to be more tender in that area. My son, by far has the best father because I've become the embodiment of what I teach.


And so, to your point, yeah, it's absolutely important for us as parents to not be fear-based. Especially my son's about, he's driving now, why do I have to teach him how to get pulled over by the police? Why am I focused on that? What is that teaching him? Is that really making it better or is it making it worse when he gets pulled over? But those are the things, you know, we have to teach in our community. But at the end of the day, making sure you balance that with some positive reinforcement and to teach them how to, to live in the moment. Because when we teach our children, we gotta understand, we're also teaching them how to miss the moment because they're programming themselves. Like, okay, if this happened, this probably gonna happen because that happened to dad, that happened to mom, it's probably gonna happen to me.


And so in that moment, if they're not open to be able to, to meet the moment and do what's necessary, they may fail in that moment. Alright, we got more with Jason Wilson when we come back. His new book, demand the Moment Demands out right now is The Breakfast Club. Good morning. Morning everybody. It's DJ nv, just hilarious. Charlamagne Mc guy. We are The Breakfast Club. We're still kicking it with Jason Wilson. His new book Demand, the Moment Demands is out right now. Earlier we were talking about how much we work, but how do you turn it off For me? You know, I remember the, the concept of balanced life. We hear that a lot. You know, for me, envy, I live a imbalanced life. So the things that hold the greatest importance must always tip the scale. So we live a balanced life. Nothing truly claims priority.


So for me, it's my, of course the most high, my family, my calling, my health. See, when it's leveled, everything gets the same attention. So I tell people, make sure that scale always tips in favor of what matters the most. When I started living that way and stop living from what I do, stop living from fear again. Not having, I I understand that brother. I stopped worrying about those things and realizing I can only do so much, man. And, and then what's most important is to ask yourself, why am I doing this? You know, so many of us, especially in the era of social media and everything is broadcast and content creation, it's like our lives are becoming that instead of, you know, really being authentic.


And it's like, no, I'm, I'm in a, I'm pregnant. I don't, I don't have time to do this. And just let people know that. But when we allow society to say, Hey envy, I need you to do this. You man, you gotta do this and, and promote this. Can you go here man, your life feels like it's not worth living. You know? And I often tell men, you're not tired of living, you're tired of not living. And the same thing with our women. So many of our sisters have to be so strong that they can't even be human either. They can't cry, they gotta work. Am I right? Yeah. And so as even for them, I'm like, man, I hope we never lose a woman's empathy and love. This world is over when she has to become stoic and hide behind a facade, we can forget about it.


And so, you know, my freedom started when I started prioritizing what mattered the most. Everything else I let it, you know, end where it may, but my identity is first in the most high in Christ after that man, my affirmation come from my home man. And so if I could, if I could shut down now, I'm cool. I was, I was sad when Covid was over 'cause that meant I had to go back to the norm. I couldn't be with my family all day. Yep. You see what I'm saying? And so I just tell people to, to live from that. Make sure that don't live a balanced life. Make sure the skill always tips and favor what you love and matters the most. You seem that like you, you've done the self work like to play all of these roles, the husband, the son, the father, but you, you know, you're still not perfect and you still can fall short at times as well.


What happens when, like, you know, if you're mad as a dad one day and you react the wrong way, is it ever a point where the husband has to talk to the, the husband you are, have to speak to the father or you have to relate to your kids on a son level because you're somebody's son? Do you ever merge the roles to, you know what I'm saying, like pull from different places? Oh, absolutely. Because you can't always operate in The move. I agree with you. No, absolutely. I morph between all of them. Again, I remember the mental wealth expo when the brother asked me, how do you define a man? I said, you can't. And so I have to be anything at everything at any given moment. And so to your point, Charlamagne, you know, I always reconcile. I tell brothers we can always make mistakes.


Mistakes are great teachers. The only worst mistake is the one we don't learn from. And so I always apologize immediately,


Peace of the planet, Charlemagne to God here. And I just want you to know, if you're not on Amazon Prime, you're seriously missing out. It's not just about the fast free delivery, although let's be real, that's a game changer. It especially was for me this holiday season. Prime is like your personal guide to everything you're into or want to get into. Whether it's binge watching the latest hit on Prime video, you know, listening to your favorite playlist on Amazon music or getting those last minute gifts, which same day, free delivery prime's got you covered. And here's the kicker. Prime isn't just about getting you closer to your passions, it's about helping you discover new ones too. Got a hobby, you're obsessed with Prime Fuels it. Trying something new Prime helps you dive deep into whatever's next. It's like me being passionate about mental health. You can order all kinds of books on mental health on Prime. My favorite is the Unapologetic Guide to Black Mental Health by Dr. Rita Walker. Prime gets you closer to what really matters, making all times of the year that much more special. Whether it's screaming your favorite movie or getting that perfect gift delivered the same day, prime makes everything easy and stress free. Whatever you're into, it's on prime. Visit amazon.com/prime now.


The World is constantly changing. It's up to you to decide how to respond. Choose to be bold to try something new. Choose to reinvent yourself. That's what Nissan did with the all new totally reimagined kicks. The dynamic new exterior style immediately announces that Nissan isn't messing around the interior. A completely redesigned cab with preview features like wireless Apple CarPlay and panoramic moonroof make driving and kicks immersive and exciting. And with new performance and safety features like intelligent Allwheel Drive the Kicks is both more fun and safer to drive than ever before. It is the donning of a brand new era for the Nissan Kicks on. One question remains, is it a new era for you as well? Drive the all new reimagined Nissan Kicks today available Feature. Bose is a registered trademark of the Bose Corporation Nissan Safety Shield technologies can't prevent all collisions or worn in all situations. See owner's manual for important safety information.


Hey fam, this is Carlos Miller from the 85 South Show. If you're like me, you are always thinking about how to level up your career. Maybe you're fresh outta college, just starting in your field or even looking to switch things up and find your true calling. Whatever stage you're in, remember that this is your time to grow, to learn, and to build something that lasts. State Farm understands that early career development is key to long-term success. They've been a steady presence in our community and they know having the right support early can make all the difference. State Farm is there to help you make smart moves and to help you get the coverage you need. We all know that the journey to success is a marathon, not a sprint. It's all about staying focused, staying grounded, and making sure you're protected every step of the way. Let's build our careers with confidence, knowing that State Farm is there to support us just like they've always been because like a good neighbor State Farm is there. Find out more at State Farm dot com.


This ain't the little itty bitty, teeny tiny bowl. This is Super Bowl 59. Get in on the action at Draftking Sportsbook. An official sports betting partner of Super Bowl 59 scoring touchdowns is key to hoisting the trophy. And you have a shot to score big by betting on them At Draftking Sportsbook the number one place to bet touchdowns. New DraftKings customers can bet $5 to get $200 in bonus bets instantly. Download the Draftking Sportsbook app and use code Bobby Sports. That's code Bobby Sports for new customers to get $200 in bonus bets instantly when you bet. Just five bucks only on Draftking. Sportsbook the crown is yours. Gambling problem. Call 1-800-GAMBLER in New York called 8 7 7 8 Hope NY or Text HOPE NY 4 6 7 3 6 9 in Connecticut. Help is available for problem gambling. Call 8 8 8 7 8 9 7 7 7 7 or visit cpg.org. Please play responsibly on behalf of Boot Hill Casino and Resort Kansas. 21 plus age and eligibility varies by jurisdiction void in Ontario. New customers only bonus bets expire 168 hours after issuance for additional terms and responsible gaming resources. Cdk eng.co/audio.


Yeah, I try to reconcile and make sure that the day doesn't end with me and my children being at eyes or even me and my wife. 'cause it's not that deep, you know? And so, yeah, even with my son, you know, when he doesn't want to talk, he's a teenager and I'm concerned. I don't want to invade his space 'cause he has his own life. But I want to let him know that I'm here for him. So some days I just walk to his room door And I see him laying there, maybe on his phone. And I say, son, do you mind if I just lay down in the room and read, ask for his permission? He typically always says, sure dad And I lay down and that opens a door to a conversation and lets him know that he's very important to me. Not what I do, not who I am in society, but who I am in that home.


Yeah. And I prioritize that. And being the son in that moment to him is giving him what I wanted as a son. If my father would've gave me that attention, that affirmation, I probably would be even further in life than I am now. And so I make sure I'm there for him in all aspects that I can. You removed the word vulnerable from the book completely. Yes. What, what, what words can we use instead? Number one, why did you do that? And what words can we use just instead of vulnerable? When I discovered that, when I read the dictionary, the word itself means susceptible to harm, danger, or even death. And so when you think about being in a vulnerable situation, or you hear it on the news, vulnerable citizens were defenseless against a gunman.


No good man ever wants to be vulnerable. I don't want my wife, my children, or anyone I love in a vulnerable position. So we're trying to tell men is to be emotionally open, to be transparent with how you feel. And and that way it's a doorway to you becoming more human, becoming more of a verbal process and emotionally, emotionally intelligent. And that's why I took the word out. That's why it's so hard for us as brothers to say it. 'cause it goes against the way we we created as men. Hmm. We don't want anyone that we love to be in a vulnerable position. However, what is hindering us as men is that we're not emotionally open with those who love us. And so as a result of that, we, the suffering and silence piece is really taking us down.


And so I just encouraged by being the example of being transparent and emotionally open and showing my man that just because you can express how you feel, doesn't mean you'll be taken advantage of. And if someone misuses your emotions, be thankful. Now you know who's in front of you. And you got a decision to make. My last question, because I love, I love when you talk about, you know, your relationship with your wife. And I saw a video where you said, happy wife, happy life isn't about love. What Is it about? Well, you know, it, it never was a term of endearment. We know that as men, it was a way, you know, what was it saying? You know, give her what she want. Keep her mouth shut so you can have peace. All right? And now women are realizing this is not a happy life for neither of us.


And so I call it a misleading mantra brother. And there's a, it is another one too. If you're out with your wife, this happened to me a few times. I am addressed as the lesser half and she's the better half. So I had no idea until I was meeting with a psychologist. Well, no, a psychotherapist of what that does to a man's mind that you are the lesser have and the resentment that silently builds within your heart. And so I, my wife And I vowed not to use that mantra ever. So instead, Nicole And I say happy houses, happy spouses. And it, it takes for both of us to meet the moment in marriage together. Every moment. We're always willing to cross the line. If she's not doing well mentally and emotionally. I have to cross the line.


If I'm falling short, like you were saying, Jess, she crosses the line. And that's why our marriage is, we call it a beautiful struggle. We're pushing through, we won't give up on each other. And the biggest game changer was when we both decided that we know we're not intentionally hurting each other. There has to be just some miscommunication and let's be patient and work through it. And we're going on 27 years this year and 33 years together. Amazing. Wow. Yeah. Thank you brother. Well Let you have it. Pick Up the new book out now. Jason Cat, daddy Wilson man. The moment demands no cat daddy. It's The Breakfast Club. Good morning. Morning everybody. It's EJ Envy.


Just hilarious. Charlemagne the guy. We are The Breakfast Club. Let's get to just with the mess. Music is real. Just Robin Moore. Just don't do no lying. Don't do, she don't spare Nobody worldwide. Worldwide on The Breakfast Club. She's a culture shooter. She was able to get y'all to see something and understand something that nobody could get you to See. It's time to set it on. So it was a lot of things that we didn't get to. 'cause this is, this was the most entertaining Grammys that I've seen. What didn't you get to Beyonce? Number one. It was a lot. But Beyonce, number one, I Was so happy for her. Y'all, she finally took home album of the year for Cowboy Carter.


That's sucked. She the first black woman to win that in the 20th century. The last person was Lauryn Hill 26 years ago. And you know, she's been up for album of the year four times and didn't win this category. So it was like a big deal. And she thinks Linda Martel, let's take a listen to Beyonce. Wow. I really was not expecting this. I wanna thank God, oh my God, that I'm able to still do what I love after so many years. I'd like to thank all of the incredible country artists that accepted this. This album we worked so hard on it. I think sometimes genre is a cold word to keep us in our place as artists.


And I just wanna encourage people to do what they're passionate about. To say stay persistent. I know all the anti de she Oh go ahead. No, I was just saying she's so graceful. Go ahead. Yeah, I know, I know. All the anti DEI folks lost their damn mind last night watching that. Watching that black woman win Best Country album of the year and album of the year. Yes. Twice. Woo. Yes. Twice. Anti Anti DEI is hilarious. Hundred She, she just announced her Cowboy Carter tour too. Yep. Cowboy Car, cowboy Carter Tour. She announced it prior to the show so people been getting their coins ready. But she was like, she was genuinely shocked. You said she's so graceful. Like honestly last night I felt like she, 'cause you know, people say, oh they know, that's why they go, I don't think she knew even Blue Ivy in the video when she won the first award, she was like, get up, get up like Beyonce.


She didn't even know what to do. Yeah. So I think, yeah, she looked real surprised. Not fig surprised. Like Taylor Swift, you looking And I love the fact that Taylor Swift had to get rid of the award. That was amazing. I love that. She Was the presenter. Love, loved it. So also, last night, Doce won best rap album. She's a third woman ever to win behind Lauryn Hill and Cardi B. Let's take, listen, Doce, this Category was introduced in 1989. And two women have won. Three women have won Lauryn Hill, Cardi B and Doci. I put my heart and my soul into this mixtape. I went through so much, I dedicated myself to sobriety. And God told me that I would be rewarded and that he would show me just how good it can get.


Thank you so much to my label, TDE and everybody that helped put this together. All the producers on the project. I thank you. I know that there is some black girl out there, so many black women out there that are watching me right now. And I wanna tell you, you can do it. Anything is possible. Congratulations to Doce. Need some doce. Drop on a box with Doce. TDE is the best West Coast record label of all time. Mm. Who wanna argue? I'm down for the debate. Nobody, I Don't think nobody can argue with that right now. I Know folks will, will, will want to say death row, but TDE is more diverse than death row. And you think about the artist Jay Rock, he's been platinum a few times and he got a Grammy. Kendrick Lamar is superstar and at this point you got him in the greatest rapper of all time conversations.


Scissors is a bonafide superstar. SOS was number one for 10 weeks. Grossed over a hundred million on her tour, multiple Grammys hit movie. Then you got the gold artist like Schoolboy Q and Sir you got artists like Ab Soul and Isaiah Rashad and they 20 years in still creating new stars like Doci, Her performance. Okay, I love that. Like they had to take a moment just to pin to the crowd to see people's reaction to her performance. Billy Oish couldn't believe it. She was like, oh my gosh, she now, she killed it. So good. She Killed it. And Tde e's run has been longer. Death Rose Run was only four years. Really? Yeah, a lot is very impactful. 1992 to 96. It was just very impactful. TE just celebrated 20 last year. Greatest West Coast record label of all time.


Who wanna argue? That's up though. Emini Here. That's, that's a win for them. Well next Chris Brown period talk that, talk back. Chris Brown won best r and b album. This is his second Grammy win in 20 years. He took that home for 11. Damn. 11. 11, yep. Shouldn't be more, shouldn't it? But you know, we happy with what we got people. There were some people excited. There were some people that you know that it was whatever. He won the Grammy. Yeah, he won Rhapsody also took home a Grammy for the A best melodic rap performance for 3:00 AM with Ika Badu. Big rap. I was so excited to see that for her. I'm excited to see her on the carpet as well too. She looked amazing. Alicia Keys accepted the Dr. Dre Global Impact award presented by Queen Latifah and she actually talked about DEI on the stage.


I'll take a listen to Alicia Keys. This is not the time to shut down the diversity of voices we seen on this stage. Talented, hardworking people from different backgrounds with different points of view and it changes the game. DEI is not a threat. It's a gift. And the more voices, the more powerful the sound. When destructive forces try to burn us down, we rise from the ashes like a phoenix. And as you see tonight, music is the unstoppable language that connects us all. It's so beautiful.


And then speaking of like diversity and you know the, the GR has had some issues in the past. One of them being the weekend. Remember the weekend called out the Grammys back in 2021 because he said that like the voting process and things like that don't make any sense and don't represent real artists. Well last night the weekend made his return to the Grammy stage after saying he was boycotting and he performed, they actually introed him and addressed the beef and said, look, we figured it out. So they tried to move forward now and they also did a, a tribute to Quincy Jones hosted by Will Smith last night. And the whole show itself was dedicated to the LA fires of course, because they had to make that shift after everything happened. So where was it? It was in la the MP Arena. Mm. And they raised money in real time. Like corporations were giving money. Yeah. The people that were attending to celebrities you watching could give money.


They also took some commercial space, which is very expensive to buy doing something like the Grammys and, and gave time to local LA businesses to showcase their businesses. Like, and they put 'em with celebrities. So like Doci was lined up with like a floral company. Charlie PO was lined up with a martial, black martial arts company. Yeah. Like it was, it was dope. It was fire. It was a great night. Cool. That was a good Grammy of us. Good way to Give back That musta commercial was fired too. Heinz ain. Waste no time. Yo. I didn't know. Very smart. I was like, yo, is this new or did he Ben have this? 'cause they should have been did this, but the timing was epic. You mean Ben did? This album just came out in December. Yeah, but Mustard Deon like the branding should have been there. But I get it. Now's the time. Takes time. Yeah. Yeah. When did that, when the Kendrick album come out? November, December.


No. And then we'll Pricey some more of those. Super Bowl something coming up. Yeah. I think, I think what we learned from the Grammys this year is just do you like truly do you don't do what's popular. Don't do what people think you should be doing. Don't make the art the label wants you to make. Don't do things for radio. Just do what you want to do. That's it. Yeah. And you will be rewarded for it. And GX came out, everybody you saw did, did, did only does them a Hundred percent. GNX came out my birthday November 22nd. Yeah. So it was November. Yeah. It was a great show the first time. I I I enjoyed a Grammy award show in a long time. Me too. I watch it to the end. I been watching people I ain't know. I still Enjoy it. I confront, I fell asleep close to the end. But I did, I did enjoy it. I I enjoyed all the artists too. The pop artists and, and the new artists.


I love seeing, of course our artists. But Teddy swims killed it last night. I love Teddy Doce. Killed it last night. Chappo. He killed the last night Bruno Mall. It was just a dope award show. And Usually the the Grammys are boring. Yes. Very boring. So you, you'll tune in and then you find yourself doing something else. You know what Emini here. But it was, it was entertaining from the red Call But it was entertaining. You know why it was so good? Because Of us. He, all of the diversity and all of the inclusion. You stop Trump gonna sign some where they can't do the Grammys. Do the Grammys no more. Alright, well that was just with the mess. If you seen the Grammys last thing, let's discuss 805 8 5 1 0 5 1. Let's talk about it what you thought. But we got Don Day coming up next.


Yes. And this is a reason, you know, this is a, a reason Trump might use this as a a, a reason why DEI is terrible. We need Nico Harrison, the general manager of the Dallas Mavericks to come to front of the congregation. We'd like to have a word with him please. All right. And when we come back, like I said, we're gonna open up the phone lines. You seen the Grammys last night? What were your thoughts? The performances, the winners. Let's discuss, it's The Breakfast Club. Good morning You are checking out The Breakfast Club. Don't be out here acting Like a donkey. Te high bitch te high. It's time for Donkey of the Day. I'm a big boy. I could take it if he feel I deserve it. Ain't no big deal. I know Charlemagne guy gonna have some funny sleep. Say all this mouth, who gotta say something you may not agree with. Doesn't mean I'm mean who's Getting that donkey? That donkey Don't Don Don Don Donkey Donkey of the day right here at The Breakfast Club.


Bitches you can call me the donkey of the day. But like Emini here, no harm. Yes. Donkey of the day for Monday, February 3rd goes to Dallas Mavericks general manager, Nico Harrison. Now if you haven't heard the Dallas Mavericks traded Luca Dontics, how you pronounce his name? Donkey Don Don Luca. Okay. Luca Luca is 25 years old. He was rookie of the year. He's been to the Allstar game five times. He led the league in scoring last year averaging over 33 a game. And he took the maths to the NBA finals last year. He's a franchise player. Okay? The type of player you build around. But Nico Harrison doesn't seem to think so. So Luca was traded to the Dallas Maverick Emini here to the, to the Los Angeles Lakers for Anthony Davis, who's no slouches damn self. Okay? He's got a career average of 24 and ten nine time All star four time all NBA first team, two time all NBA defensive team.


But he just hurts a lot and he is 31 years old. Okay, look, I could be totally pre premature with this Hee-haw because I believe Anthony Davis and Kyrie Irvin are gonna be great in Dallas. But some things make sense and some things don't make sense to me. And Luca being traded from Dallas to the Lakers doesn't make sense to me. Let's go to ESPN news for the report please. This is maybe the most stunning trade definitely that I've been a part of in recent NBA history as far as it, it was never clearly out there. And I'm told Luca Doni, Anthony Davis, LeBron James, the players, coaches, a lot of people on both sides with the Mavericks and Lakers had no idea. I can assuredly tell you it's a fact. LeBron James had no idea this was coming.


Anthony Davis had no idea this was coming. I'm told Luca, Dante is still stunned about this trade. But when you look at the totality of what just occurred, Luca Dante is a 25-year-old, like you said, mega star, you know, perennial all NBA player. He's someone that you think of as untouchable as a guy that's never gonna be traded. I'm told that the Mavericks actually approached the Lakers and offered Luca Doni a few days ago in a trade. Very recently. The Mavericks went out. They knew exactly who they wanted. They wanted Anthony Davis. That's the player that if they were ever gonna trade Luca Don, if this was even a thought that was gonna cross their mind. It was for ad.


Just when I thought no sports organization in Dallas could make worse decisions than my cowboys. Hey, come to maths. Okay? Now Dallas must know something about Luca that we don't reports are that Luca's weight went up to 270 pounds. So you mean to tell me that Luca got traded because he gained too much weight. But Zion Vandross is still a pelican. Now I got nothing love, I got nothing but love for Zion Williamson, okay, South Carolina all day. But nobody's weight has fluctuated more since the architect are never too much. So you're not gonna make me believe that Luca got traded because of his weight. When a generational player like Luca Gaines weight, you don't trade him. You get him a trainer and a nutritionist. Simple. How do you go from 33 a game in an NBA finals appearance last year to 28, 8 and seven this year.


The all of a sudden your team saying they don't want you because you're fat. In fact, Nico Harrison said the reason they made the trade was because they wanna win now and weren't thinking about 10 years from now. Listen, I think the long term is the timeframe. I think he, he fits our timeframe. If you pair him with, with Kyrie and the rest of the guys, he fits right along with our timeframe to win now and win in the future. And I, and, and the future to me is three, four years from now, the future, 10 years from now, I don't know, I don't think I, they probably bear me and Jay by then or we bear ourselves. Yes. I think you might've buried yourself Nico. He went to the NBA finals last year. Okay? He's 25.


Give him and Kyrie some time to cook. Surround them with more talent. Okay. How is a gm? Are you not thinking 10 years down the road? This guy Luca is gonna be a superstar for a long, long time. Unless you know something we don't. Okay. Nico said the contract was a factor too. Let's listen. Yeah, I I think it wasn't really like a point, I think it was how do we make our team better. You know, there's some unique things about his, his contract that we had to pay attention to. You know, there's, there's other teams that were loading up, you know, that he was gonna have, he was gonna be able to decide to make his own decision at some point of whether he wants to be here or not. Whether we want to supermax him or not or whether he wants to opt out. So I think we had to take all that into consideration and feel like we got out in front of what could have been a tumultuous summer.


So you're telling me joking not gonna get a supermax when it's his time. Jason Tatum signed to Supermax. Okay. You surround Luca with the right talent so he doesn't want to leave. I don't know man. I think that this brought to this story. Okay. Whose lady in the Mavericks organization did Luca knock off? Yeah. All right. Did you find out he's a serial killer in the Slovenia? All right, somebody tell me something that makes sense because I refuse to believe the basketball Gods love the Lakers this much. Okay. Or maybe they do. I've been alive a long, a long time, long enough to see the Lakers do this quite a few times from Kareem Abdul-Jabbar to Shaquille O'Neal to Paul gsa, the LeBron James. The trades that have been vetoed like Chris Paul, they always tend to get one that makes you scratch your head.


Like how they pull that off and really I would like to know how did they pull that off? Okay, Nico, you got a piece like Luca and you didn't even think to shop it. You want us to buy that? You were thinking about winning a championship in the next three to four years, but you didn't even put Luca on the open market to see what other deals were available. I'm sure that there was better deals out there. Okay. I'm telling you right now, if this don't work, Donald Trump is going to use you Nico as an example as to why DEI is ruining corporate America. I've never seen anything like this. And now because Luca has been trading, he is ineligible for the $345 million Supermax contract that he was sure to sign. By the way, I don't think that's fair because it's not performance based.


Luca earned that money because of what he does on the basketball court. He shouldn't have to leave hundreds of millions of dollars on the table because executives made what I believe to be a poor decision. But I only feel it poor because I don't have all the information. If it is because of his weight, then Luca needs to sue for weight discrimination. Okay? If big Dan can sue Lyft, then big dunk should be able to sue the maths. That's all I got. Please give general manager Nico Harrison the biggest hee-haw I plan with Big Dan girl. What you mean? It's so big. Dan can sue Left. That's for real. If Big D can sue lift for weight discrimination, how come big dunk can't sue the mats?


Gotta be more to that story. It's Got to be more to story man. Knocked off somebody girl or something in the organization, man. Oh he was acting frustrated. Like he didn't wanna resign so they figured they trade him before he just opt out. It gotta be more to to that Situation a year from now. Right? Next year I thought. Right. I don know. Gotta be more to that story. It Gotta be, you just gotta get rid of no Luca donkeys like that. And, and people always ask about the no trade clause. I think there's only 10 NBA players with a no trade clause ever in their contract and just a number. It was David Robinson, John Stockton, Kobe Bryant, Tim Duncan, Kevin Garnet, Dirk, Dwayne Wade, LeBron, Carmelo, and Bradley Beer. And Kevin still ended up getting traded. Who? Kevin Garnet. Kevin Garnet got traded a few times.


Yeah, But he had to approve it. Mm. You could get traded but you just gotta approve the Trade. I just refuse to believe that they got rid of Luca 'cause he like chocolate cupcakes and oatmeal cream pies. I just don't, I don't believe that. So wait, You can do that. You can approve, like you can go against them if they try. You just Gotta be trade. Well you could sign a new trade clause where you, you, you won't get traded unless you have to approve the trade. So if you don't wanna leave, you ain't gotta leave. But they don't get that to too many place. Okay. Wow. So it's just like slaves like you want, you take this nigga The fact that they come together and pick their own teams and people are like, well that's not fair. Well the coaches and management could trade 'em at any, any given point And they have to go wherever they, And the fact that hundreds of millions of dollars he's gonna lose now because he is in ineligible for the supermax.


'cause he got traded as if it's his fault. He Fault. That's right. Wow. All well thank you for that donkey today. Now when we come back, let's open up the phone lines (800) 585-1051. Last night was the Grammys. Did you see it? This was the first time I was entertaining. I really enjoyed it in years. What did you, what were your thoughts about performances? What were what? Top to bottom? I enjoyed it. You, you, you gotta Stop this. 5 8 5 1 0 5. Trump signed an executive order about this, but Why would you, what do you mean tap the bottom Line? Top the bottom. I enjoyed it from the pre-show to the end when Beyonce won album of the year. Oh I enjoyed the pre-show watching the homie Zuri Hall on the red carpet. We say interviewing people right? Say from beginning to end. Not tap The bottom.


We be talking about From the root of to the two. Hey yo. You see you Kinky bro. You kinky. All right, call us up now as The Breakfast Club. Good morning. The Breakfast Club Daddy phone call phone man. It's topic time. Call 805 8 5 1 0 5 1 to join into the discussion with The Breakfast Club. Morning everybody. It's DJ J Envy. Just hilarious Charlamagne guy. We are The Breakfast Club. If you're just joining us, we're talking about the Grammys last night, the 2025 Grammys. We're asking what were your thoughts? Did you see it? Did you see the clips? Did you see any of it? I Seen, yeah, I were Thoughts.


What were your thoughts? I liked that. I honestly, I ain't gonna lie, it was emotional Doci her like, 'cause yo, when somebody tell you like they give their testimony like yo, she quit her job. She did like, and she been grinding. I know she won like then she won Best New artist too. No, no, no. She was Nominated for Best New artists. Best new artist. Yeah. She won Best rap album. Yeah. But like I know some people look at her as a new artist, but like shorty really been, she gets busy grinding and doing this for years and years, you feel me? So it was just good to see her. Of course Chris Brown was like the highlight. 'cause I feel like he, oh he, he needs so much more. He's owed so much more Grammys. But it's like at the end of the day that's, that can't measure your amount of success.


Right. You know what Emini here, how many Grammys you got? But he's definitely, he should have been got that. I agree. I was so happy For him. And the thing I love about artists like Doce winning those awards, I hope now every everything else catches up. 'cause radio don't play Doce like they should play Doce. You know what, Emini here. Yeah. I feel like Doce should be celebrated at a much higher level. She, like, I I, I think I I checked last night the Alligator Bites, what's it called? Alligator Bites. Don't, don't Heal, heal. I think it's only sold like over a hundred thousand copies. Mm. You know what Emini here, she sold 11,000 the first week. So to Justin's point, she's been around for a while. She was on breakfast, he was on Breakfast Cup three years ago. Yeah. Right. So it's like, I, I hope now everything catches up. I hope a day like the day Black Radio says, you know what? We should be playing that little black girl.


Right. For sure. And heavy rotation. Yep. Right. I I don't remember the last couple of Grammy. I just don't, I I just don't, I remember not enjoying them. Yeah. But I love the fact that our artists are there. I love to see Beyonce there. I love to see Kendrick there. Yep. I love to see Titty Swim sha boozy and, and those artists doce there and performing. It just, it was just a dope event. Yeah. It happened fast. And the reason they did it and the fact that they, they put so much effort into giving back to LA after dealing with the fires. The fact that they gave a lot of commercial time to local businesses to get back on their feet. I just thought, I just thought the whole Grammy Awards was pretty, pretty dope. It was dope. I thought it was a good show. Show this, and this is gonna be for sure memorable because like said, I don't even remember it. Like none of that. I don't. Yeah.


You know what I'm saying? The couple Grammys. Yeah. I don't, Rhapsody won a Grammy Rhapsody won a Grammy. My Carolina B Turner. I love Rhapsody Rhapsody has been, you know, the best lyricist of the last decade who's not, whose name is not Kendrick Lamar to me. And for her to, to see her win a Grammy, she's been Nominated before for rap album many years. She didn't win. But to see her win last night for that 3:00 AM record with Erica Badu. Yeah. Come on Man. And I love the fact that they break, they broke down the Grammys last night and explained how the Grammys are picked and how people win. Okay. And they talked about how the weekend said he wasn't doing the Grammys no more and it made him change the way they did the Grammys. They got more people, more women, more black women to, to pick the, you know, the winners and more black people. That's, and it, before it was just like, I think like 8% and now it's like 40%.


So I wonder, I love the way that that was done as well. I Also wonder how much Jay-Z's speech last year influenced them this Year. Oh yeah. To give Beyonce that award. Mm mm You know what Emini here, because what he said is true how you, how you got the most Grammys in history but never won a album of the year. That makes no logical sense. You got the most Grammys ever, but have never won a album of the year. Yeah. And I thought she got robbed di Ear of Lemonade And Beyonce is known for her body of work. Absolutely. Her's, right. Her bodies of work. And nobody, now I'm not saying nobody's really doing it, but you find that that artist is very, very seldom that she'll see somebody like work hard to produce a body of work versus just hits and just, you know, dope visuals.


But yeah. So yeah, that, that I think what you said to your point, Jay-Z definitely hit something when he said that. Absolutely. Let's go to the phone. Lon. Hello, who's this? Hi, this is Desmond. All right, man. What, what you thought about the Grammy's last name? Brother Is, is it dj? So, No, this is DJ Envy. What did you think about the Grammy's last name? Brother DJ DJ Envy. First I'm a big fan of you fan. I watched you, you and your, your wife's podcast on Facebook. Thank you. So what I thought about the Grammy was there was, I like, I like, I like Chris Brown winning r and b album of the year. And it was kind of surprising about Beyonce winning the country album of the year because it's never been done over like 50 years.


So I was happy that, that it was, that it would give it a Queen B. Yes Sir. Okay. Thank you brother. Hello. Who's this? Good morning. Good morning. This is Porsche G from 8 0 3. Hey Porsche. Good morning. Mad what you think about the Grammys? Yeah, So first of, I just wanna say I love you. Work Club is amazing. Be able to get in this line. Charlamagne, you know, you are such a king of media to South Carolina folks, so we love you. Thank you. Love y'all back. But I thank you. But what I wanted to say is that I really would have loved to teach Shay on something. I, I wasn't really had high expectations that he was gonna take home the best food artist, but even if it was like the best country song because white people bumped that song just as hard as they bumped Darius Ruckers wagon wheel.


Right. You know, that's interest. When, when, when Kendrick was in the category for record of the year and Song of the year, I actually thought Chabo, I think it was song record, I forgot which category it was Shazi was in with him. I thought Shazi was actually gonna be Kendrick's only close competition. Yeah. Remember Shazi was on the charts. They said what, 19 weeks? Yeah. It was on the charts. And that was a, a song that transcended because country people sang it. Pop people sang it, regular people sang it. Like you just know that song. You Know what I do like though last, last night And I, I maybe I never noticed, but they kept saying as voted by the 13,000 whatever, whatever, whatever. So people were voting Yeah. On who they wanted to win. But that's what I said. They broke it down. I don't know if you seen it, but there was a part where they broke it down and said they added more people to it and, and the, and the, the, you know, the, the ethnic group of the people that actually voted.


So I, in Real time, that was happening in real time. Alright. Hello, who's this? Good morning. Good morning. I wanna say good morning first two, the beautiful Jess, I'm from cg. Good morning. What's up DMV. What's Up brother? Good morning. Envy. What's up? You know what I'm saying? Light-skinned brothers good brother Salute. And I wanna say good morning to Charlamagne. I, I ain't into a delusional cowboy fan. Mm. But I wanna say about the Grammys, I do feel as if that, you know, I'm not, not taking nothing away from Kendrick, but I think Blow should have got something, you know what I'm saying? Like Low had an amazing year, char man, he said just tell you feel as if that she damn near had one of the best albums out.


So I just, you know what I'm saying, not taking nothing away from Kendrick, Kendrick had a great year, whatever. But I do feel as if Blow should have got something like, you know, I'm happy that that first Brown got one and all that, but I do put a little, not in all that should got a little like blow. Should have got Something.


The new year is here and you wanna stay locked in on whatever you're into. Amazon Prime is a cheat code. See a lot of people think Amazon Prime is just about getting those packages delivered faster than you can say. I forgot to order that. But really, prime is not just one thing. It's all things. A place to stream movies and shows with Prime video, Amazon music, and that free one day, same day delivery is everything you need to make the season stress free. Picture this, you watching Thursday night Football and Prime Video, and the friends are coming through. You need the last minute snacks and drinks, Prime's. Got you. You wanna kick back and chill after the game. Prime Video's got the movies and shows to keep your night rolling. And if you wanna wind down, Amazon music's got the playlist to keep the vibe just right. So whether you're hosting, chilling, or just trying to make it through the hustle of the week, I know I'm doing all things above. Just know prime's got your back. It helps you explore, discover, and get more of what you love all in one place. So visit amazon.com/prime to get more of whatever you're into. Whatever you're into, it's on Prime. Visit amazon.com/prime


Now.


The World is constantly changing. It's up to you to decide how to respond. Choose to be bold to try something new. Choose to reinvent yourself. That's what Nissan did with the all new totally reimagined kicks. The dynamic new exterior styling immediately announces that Nissan isn't messing around the interior, completely redesigned cabin with premium features like wireless apple cart play and a panoramic moon roof make driving a kicks impressive and exciting. And with new performance and safety features like Intelligent All-wheel drive, the kicks is both more fun and safer to drive than ever before. It's the dawning of a brand new era for the Nissan Kicks. Only one question remains. Is it a new error for you as well? Drive the all new reimagine Nissan Kicks today Available feature. Bose is a registered trademark of the Bose Corporation Nissan Safety Shield Technologies can't prevent all collisions or worn in all situations. See owner's manual for important safety information.


Hey fam, this is Carlos Miller from the 85 South Show. If you're like me, you are always thinking about how to level up your career. Maybe you're fresh outta college, just starting in your field or even looking to switch things up and find your true calling. Whatever stage you're in, remember that this is your time to grow, to learn, and to build something that lasts. State Farm understands that early career development is key to long-term success. They've been a steady presence in our community and they know having the right support early can make all the difference. State Farm is there to help you make smart moves and to help you get the coverage you need. We all know that the journey to success is a marathon, not a sprint. It's all about staying focused, staying grounded, and making sure you're protected every step of the way. Let's build our careers with confidence, knowing that State Farm is there to support us just like they've always been because like a good neighbor State Farm is there. Find out more at State Farm dot com.


Hi, this is Shirley Strawberry from the Steve Harvey Morning show. Toyota has been building a legacy of excellence for years from developing hybrid technology to upping the standards of safety and efficiency. Toyota is always innovating, always making progress. And with Toyota's superior lineup of SUVs in stock at your local Toyota dealer, you can experience the legacy for yourself. So check out an adventure Ready RAV4 designed to be the perfect mix of style, practicality and go anywhere attitude or a test drive a capable and affordable Corolla cross with the style space and available tech to keep you cool and connected. And both Wrap Four and Corolla Cross are available with all wheel drive giving you the freedom to roam quality, reliability, efficiency. That's the legacy of Toyota. Visit. Buy a toyota.com, the official website for deals to find out more. Toyota Let's go places.


You Know what I'm saying? What was she Nominated for? Best rap song. She had two right? Best Rap song. Yeah. She was Nominated for best rap song and best rap performance. And Kendrick got both those. Right? And I do security, you know what I'm, I work for UCS And I do security on the side. So when I'm in the club, but they, they bumping glow all night. You know what you I'm saying? So I'm just, I I just feel as if Glow should have got something. Again, not taking nothing away from Kendrick. Kendrick had a great year, you know what I'm saying? But I do so as if you know what I'm saying, glow should have got something. Well, I think Glow was a phenomenal artist and thank you bro. Her her, her time is coming, you know? Yeah. Yeah. 805 8 5 1 0 5 1. Did you see the Grammys last night? What was your thoughts? Let's discuss. It's The Breakfast Club. Good morning.


If y'all talking about it, you know, we talking about it. It's topic time. Call 805 8 5 1 0 5 1 To join into the Discussion with The Breakfast Club. Morning everybody. It's DJ Envy. Just hilarious. Charlemagne the guy. We are The Breakfast Club. Now if you're just joining us, we're talking about the Grammy Awards last night, I think it was one of the, the most entertaining Grammys that I've seen in a, in a long time. Absolutely. I loved every, everything that I've seen from artists. You know what, usually when, when I watch the Grammys, I only watch the genres that I know And I turned for anything else. But last night I actually watched all the performances. Even like the, I don't know her name, sorry if you're listening, but like The Pink Pony lady, right? Mm. The performance was dope with the, with them clowns.


It was just the dope performance. That Was the first time I ever seen the clowns though. Like I, because, but a lot of people know like who they are. Yeah. Yeah. My kids knew who Especially younger. Yeah, yeah, yeah. Knew that's something Yo look, do y'all, y'all think Kanye about to drop something? Yeah, he dropping Bully. There's no, he's dropping what a Album called Bully. Oh. Oh, that's he been Chasing for the last, Yeah. Oh, okay, okay, okay. Was gonna say what? Just, just him showing up like that. 'cause you, you knew you wasn't gonna be able to make it inside of there. Like, but it had to be something like it. You know? He, he calculated so he do stuff like that to distract people, you know, and get I don I just think it's corny that he acts so anti-industry, but then he be loving to be at these industry of events. Yeah. You know what I'm saying? Well he preach The anti-industry.


He don't act anti-industry at all. He pre Exactly. Exactly. He Jesse, he preaches that he anti-industry, but he don't act anti-industry. I like seeing Kaa not too on the red Coffee. Love. He was having the time to. He was, he was excited all night. Yo, He met, he met Kanye West last night. Cognac. Like he didn't know who he was at first, which was Stupid Clown Clam. Oh yeah. So Constant Knight is on the front of Billboard Magazine this year, this month. Yes. Right. Okay. Drop on a cruise bomb for Constant. Not, I'm telling you, constant Knot is everything that is right with hip hop. Like literally all he's doing is having fun's. What? Shit. His his show is like when you watch his show on YouTube, because that's what it is. It is a show. Yeah. It's just like a variety show. Yeah. It's like watching Soul Train back in the day.


They dancing, they having a good time. Listen music And you smiling the whole time. You find yourself smiling. Just watching them have fun. Yes man. Yes. Yes. SLU the Kai And I don't know how anybody can hate on Kai. Yeah. Not at, not at all. Hello. Who's this? Hey, this is Dominique from 7 5 7 Virginia. Hey. 7, 5 7. What up Dominique? What? What you think of the awards? Oh man, it was amazing. I was so happy for Doci. I've been following her for years. Yes. But I have to give my biggest up to Chris Brown. I'm from Virginia. I might be a little biased, but I love him. It's been long overdue and so well deserved. I'm so happy. I agree. I wish he would've been there though. I wish he would've been there to get that award though. You know, he Probably ain't think he was going get it. 'cause you knew he'd been playing with him For years.


You right. I wish he would've been there to do that. Damn Michael Jackson tribute. I love Janelle Monet. But I feel you. I ain't never seen Michael Jackson do 95% of them dance moves. Janelle Monet was doing Yo. Okay. Michael was like, Michael ain't did none of that. No, I was watching that like Michael did. None of that. Okay. Yeah. Like, like, like I, that should have been Chris Brown. Not for enough. They gotta give Chris Brown that one time. 'cause Chris Brown been practicing. It was a couple times he was supposed to do it. He already, but He had a whole choreo, like a whole 10 do thing performance that he was rehearsing For. Absolutely. They coulda called Chris Brown Saturday night, say, Hey man, we need you Sunday to do this for Michael Jackson performance. He'd have been ready. Excuse me. Come on man. Stop playing. I got, I got mad Love for Janelle Monet. But Michael Jackson didn't do none of those moves. The moonwalk. She did the moonwalk.


She did the mo. She did? Yeah, she did the moonwalk. Oh, all right. Well what's the moral of the story Guys? The moral of the story is, man, like I said earlier, do you, you know what Emini here, everybody that had super success last night at the Grammys is somebody that is really in their own lane and ain't no traffic in none of their lanes. Okay. Don't do what's popular. Don't do what people think you should be doing. Don't make the art the label wants you to make. Don't make things for radio. Just do what you want to do. Yeah. When you are in your own lane, there's no traffic. I don't care if it's Beyonce, Doce, Kendrick Rhapsody. Who else had a big night last night? It was, it was Beyonce. Chris Brown, Chris Brown, Chris Brown. All of these people are in their own lane. De Definitely Yo and Diana Ross presented Kendrick with the song that She's so fun.


Yeah. She is at 80 years old to Still this to this day. You like them old ones Y'all. Yes I do. Old and bony. You like you Bon. No, I'm just saying you like the old bony No. And then you, and then you gotta, you gotta relax 'cause you also like Stephanie Mills and you know them two ain't, they ain't. Wow. But you know what's so crazy? Diana Ross is so much Stephanie Mills senior. Diana Ross 80. Stephanie Mills is like her sixties. Yeah. What that mean? They Still don't really after You at a certain age, do they not get Along now? Who said they don't get along? I Have up here and Oh no, I think that was Anita Baker and Stephanie. Oh Y Now you mix it Up. My bad, my bad. All they Emini here. They ain't listening right now. They don't know what You mean. You think they not up?


Oh yeah. We be up Up six this Morning up. You know what we got Justin? The mess coming up. What we talk about. Yes. Wendy is able to go see her father. Okay. Alright. Well we'll talk about that when we come back. It's The Breakfast Club. Good morning. The Breakfast Club Morning everybody. It's DJ Envy. Jess. Hilarious. Charlamagne the guy. We are The Breakfast Club. Let's get to Jess with the mess. You music is real. Just Robin Moore. Just don't do no lying. Don't do, she don't spend nobody Worldwide. Jess Worldwide on The Breakfast Club. She's a culture shooter. She Was able to get y'all to see something and understand something that nobody could get you to see.


It's time to set the door. So Lauren, it is true that Wendy can see her pops before he leaves this earth. Yes. Okay. Yep. What Man, I'm sorry. No, no. That man is 94 broke and that's, that's what she wanted to go do because it's like, that's how she put it. A hundred percent. She did put it like that. I wanna see my father Before he, he dies four. He die. Yes. Yeah. That's what, so what Voice was that? Was that, That was Wendy. And she said before he told us So, So, So she gonna go get to See. Yeah. So it officially, Wendy Williams is allowed to fly to Miami for her dad's 94th birthday. Amazing. The, what you were referencing was actually what she talked about when she was here on The Breakfast Club. She wanted to go see her dad. She didn't know if the conservatorship situation would allow her to do so and she's gotten the Yes.


So TMZ was actually told that Wendy's gonna go with private security from New York to Miami. She'll be there for two days. And that at this point now, Wendy can have no contact with media. And they've actually been talking to her because they have a dot coming out on February 12th on TV called Saving Wendy. And they posted a clip of her. I was gonna print out just a photo. I didn't even wanna show it though. I hate the way she looked. She was in the window. Remember I told y'all when I went to go see her, she could see me from the window. Yep. She's literally crying on the window. But I Like it because it shows that she's actually trapped in a Conserv. Yes. Like A prisoner. It hurt my heart to see it. But basically she talked about the same thing. And I have our clip from when she was up here about not being able to see her Dad And I. Let's sick. Listen, Your dad's gonna be in 94 next week. Emini here next month. Right.


Listen, my dad, well dad's a whole nother conversation. 94 that, that's a whole nother thing. Like, I don't know whether I'm allowed to fly to Miami to say happy birthday to my dad. Wow. To get him. I wanna get him. Look, look, look, look. Well, well that person that you talk about who's holding me hostage? Sabrina Morrisey, your guardian. We gotta see her name. We gotta put her name out there. I I, I don't know that she's going to let me, 'cause she already said to see my dad for his birthday. Like I am, I am exhausted thinking about what if I can't see my dad for his birthday, you know, at 94. You know, the day after that is not promised. It's not promised.


So just to your point. Yeah. The Day before that is. Yeah. Yeah. Well she will get to see her dad and she did mention that she, you know, she wants her family to be all on on the course. So I guess in this documentary they're gonna be talking about like the family situation as well too. They kind of alluded to that. But yeah. So congratulations when, And I was told that when she got the news, of course she was so happy, so excited and she just can't wait to shop. She said she wanted to go shop at Sephora, get her things to be able to go see her dad and buy him gifts and stuff like that. So yeah. Larissa Shields. Yes. Yo, she was saying she, what happened because Pat walked out and he was wrapping. He, Amy mean you might, you said she was sitting there rocking bang like eating.


So what Jess is talking About is Clarissa Shields. She actually won last night. She was crowned the first undisputed women's heavyweight champion. And yes, pat po her men and her men and her men walked her out. They were arm to arm And on top of him walking her out, he also was performing less. Y'all a coolest bond for Pap man. That's Real loving hip hop right there. That it's stupid man. What song was the first one That was the remix to the Busta Rhymes joint was free. It was like, it was, I feel like the first Song was like a free star. So That's, I said look, When he does the, I Don Dunno. Oh, he started off with the whole what Youma call it. He started off with the Pat be doing his like Yeah.


And she knew the words. That's why I was like, that was a freestyle. How she know that She was, that's her. But I don't Know if that was a freestyle. I don't know What it was. But he was doing, he was rapping. Okay. And papoose. Yes. A lot. Yeah. Papoose does his thing. I'm gonna watch the replay. I I watched it last night. I didn't see that when he walked out, watched watch the replay and put it on closed caption and see What the, do you could tell Her that they love each other. She love her man. No, for real. He love her Too. He walked her into the weigh in too and like Yeah, lacing up her timms. 'cause her timms wasn't laced. You know, the way I guess they was supposed to be laced. That's right. But let's get to the fight because you know, she actually was injured going into this fight. Yeah. She had a shoulder injury. Yeah, she had a shoulder industry. She, but she still was able to drop Perkins five to one two Ks with the right hook and the final seconds of the 10th round.


Clarissa actually talked about the shoulder injury and the fact that this fight almost didn't happen. I actually have to, I think I may have to have surgery on my, on my left arm. I tore my labrum last week. So the fight almost didn't, didn't happen. So shout out to Denise, Paul, Heather and Jenny at the UFC Center. They listen, they did me out this shot treatment. I wasn't able to lift my arm for two or three days. So for this fight to even be able to happen, I just always give, I always give my highest praise and my highest thanks to God. 'cause I didn't wanna lift Flint down. I've been a fan of Clarissa Shields for a long time. So, you know, she's had a lot of good momentum going into this fight. 'cause you know, her movie came out the fire inside and then, you know, she had all of this drama going on with Pap and Remy and everything else.


Yeah. So I was just like, it's gonna be a lot of eyes on her on Sunday night deliver like she always do. And she did. And she absolutely did. Nah, she did Because Perkins was not a little woman. You hear Me? Oh no, listen. And, and Clarissa actually connected 29% of her punches. 36% of her power punches. Perkins only connected 19% of her punches. So yo, I Was scared at the, the way And I was like, you seen it, right? Dang, who is this? She's big. Yeah, she was, Perkin was strong. You could tell she was strong. It wasn't like she was. She was. She was, she was, she was moving Clarissa around the ring. But Clarissa was backing her off at that right jab. Now, Now ladies, let me ask you a question. Now, if your man got into a beef with one of those women, would y'all fight? What you talking about? Huh? They built like gladiators, like no, not really.


Parkings or Clarissa? Yes. Oh no baby, you got handed that on your own. I act like I'm gay. You want a threesome Because I'm not doing none of that. Nah, I'm happy. I don't got no man, I don't got nothing to worry about. Not mm. After that. No. No. And I did grab that. You know, going back real quick, I did grab the photo of Wendy for you guys to see. I, I hate to see her like this though. See Clarissa St. Clarissa and Danielle Perkins. Oh my god. That yo, oh my God. The minute that Came down when I went there, she might Need that. I'm telling you. Yeah. Thank you Lauren. Of course. All Right. That was just with the mess. Now let's get to the people's choice mix. Of course we gotta start the mix off with Kendrick. Congratulations to Kendrick last night. How many Grammys he won? Four or five? Five. Listen, he won five. And look, I ain't even look for the record.


I ain't even realize how sexy Kendrick was until like, you know what I'm saying? He walked up there in that all denim. What you had to say about the denim, y'all. It was a Canadian conspiracy. Like the all denim. I feel like he was throwing shots like Canada. What's up? I'm here. You know what's interesting? Kendrick did look good last night. Okay. He, I'm a little jealous. I'm a little jealous. Can I finish? Go ahead. It was because you can tell he's been doing the internal work on himself and he just had that glow. Like his aura was like, man, that's a brother right there that you can tell has been doing the work. So when I say he looked good, yes, he was glowing last year After internal work.


You don't be glowing like that. It I Glow all the time. He your head To be doing internal and external work on that vibe and that vibe. Don't do nothing. My vibe be moving. Right? Let's get to the mix. Still look better than you. It's The Breakfast Club. Good morning. You are kicking out The Breakfast Club Morning. Get everybody. It's the djj. Nv just hilarious. Charlamagne the guy. We are The Breakfast Club. It's Black History Month. What we doing? Charlamagne Man, black History Month. Salute to my guide BDot. You know, every February four Black History month, my guy BDot does a podcast called, I didn't know, maybe you didn't either. On the Black Effect iHeartRadio podcast Network. Well he just tells you some things about black history, some black facts that you may or may not have known today be dot deep dives into the NFL's not so subtle plantation vibes.


He flips the script on football, slavery and why the combine feels like an auction block with better lighting. Let's listen On today's episode. If I didn't know, maybe you didn't either. I have a question. You ever notice how football feel like slavery but with a halftime show? Emini Here, think about it. The NFL combine, that's just a fancy slave auction with wifi. They measuring wingspans 40 yard dash times hand sizes. Yep. This one here can carry a whole plantations worth of footballs down the field in 4.3 seconds.


Bruh, they got grown men in spandex doing shuttle drills while old white dudes whisper. They look strong, doesn't he? I'm like, where's Jango when you need 'em? And let's not even start on college football before NIL. These kids is out there getting hit like they owe somebody money bringing in billions for universities and what they get A cafeteria meal plan and a good luck handshake wasn't no paychecks, wasn't no health benefits, just a coach yelling. You gotta play for the love of the game. Meanwhile, that coach driving a Lamborghini and wearing a visor in the winter, bro, this ain't modern sharecropping. I don't know what is. And what about the NFL owners? Emini here, let's just start right there. You notice how we have to call 'em owners, not managers, not CEOs, owners, just something about that word.


Don't sit right in my spirit. They up in luxury boxes. Like yeah, run faster. My boy and the players 75% black coaches, mostly white owners whiter than Unseasoned Chicken. I'm just saying how you gonna have a league full of black folks and not one team called the Atlanta Wakanda? Where's the representation? And don't get me started on the physical toll. They out there breaking their bodies up, getting concussions and then the league's like, here's a $50 gift card to Applebee's. Thanks for your service. They even added an extra game this year for the NFL. I'm telling you, NFL treats players like old cell phones. Oh, it's broken. Traded in for a newer model.


Only difference is the NFL don't charge a restocking fee. But here's the twist. Players starting to fight back. Colin Kaepernick kneeled and The World lost his damn mind. Like y'all cool with the injuries, the exploitation, the CTE and the fact that my Dallas Cowboys ain't won a Super Bowl since the Clinton administration. But a brother taking a knee. Oh, that's where we draw the line Emini here. Slavery had rebellions too. Nat Turner and cleats. Y'all, we out here flipping the system one touchdown at a time. Here's what I'm proposing. NFL players need reparations. Forget Super Bowl rings. Start handing out 40 acres in a Bentley and let's diversify ownership. I wanna see Jay-Z and Snoop running teams. Imagine the halftime shows.


Then hell put me in charge of the Panthers first move. We changing the name to the Carolina Black Panthers. Huey Newton jersey's for everybody. So yeah, football and slavery not the same, but let's be real, they could be second cousins. Now if you excuse me, I gotta go submit my 40 yard dash to the NFL combine trying to pay off these student loans. Okay, bye. I salute to B Doc Salute to my guy B Man. And make sure you subscribe to, I didn't know, maybe you didn't either. On the Black Effect iHeart Radio podcast network. All right, when we come back, we got the positive note and more. It's The Breakfast Club. Good morning's up Morning everybody. It's DJ nv, just hilarious.


Charlamagne the guy. We are The Breakfast Club salute to all the dance dads and all the parents I seen out there this weekend, my daughter had a three day competition where they started early in the morning Friday. She had to be on that stage at 7:00 AM So salute to all the parents out there and the dance dads and Emini here. It's just, its just crazy running from room to room and and and this to this and Oh man, SLU to y'all. I, I know the pain, I know the struggle. But you love it though. And I do love it. You be so amped to talk about it. What we can be talking about anything like congestion person and you'd be like, so my daughters are in dance, right? And we'd be like, how is that connected? But we know that you are a proud dance Dad. Yes I am. No Matter what. You gonna take the Opportunity. I'm there. I be the only dad there sometime. But I'll be there like, go baby, you gotta put your hip a little boy put point your toe Anything.


He really just wants an excuse to be able to do those dances. Jess. That's what this is about. You don't know your daughter's cheers. No, but I act like I do though. How do you act like you do in the mirror? Just name? Yeah, I don not in the mirror, but I just name a couple of them. You know what Emini here, like a couple of the chants, stuff like that. Okay. The other day I was explaining to her because one of the other dance teams had make it rain as their song. Excuse me. Yeah. Hear the fat Joe to make it rain. Yeah, yeah, yeah. And I, And I was explaining to her what that was. She had no idea you Were happy About that. Of course not. Of course. No. Absolutely. His daughter don't even know what Sprite is. I'm telling you. They'd be like, you don't to drink Sprite, not mineral water. Like, no, I don't drink mineral water. What the hell?


Yo. Believe us on A positive note. Listen, the positive note is simple. It comes from the great Dr. Martin Luther King Jr. And Martin Luther King Jr. Once said, the time is always right to do what is right. Oh my God. Anyway, YI month, this boss should be Breakfast Club bitches. Do y'all finish or y'all Done? The new year is here and I'm trying to keep things simple this year. One thing to help me keep things simple is Amazon Prime. It's the cheat code to staying locked in on whatever you need. It's not just fast delivery. Prime's a whole experience from Prime video and Amazon Music to prime free one day delivery.


It's got everything to keep my year stress free. Watching Thursday night football prime's got you with the same day snack delivery. Wanna chill after the game? Find a movie on Prime video and kick back with some Amazon music. Whatever you're into, it's on Prime. Visit amazon.com/prime now. This is Shirley Strawberry from the Steve Harvey Morning show. Toyota has been building a legacy of excellence for years. From developing hybrid technology to upping the standards of safety and efficiency. Toyota is always innovating, always making progress, and with a superior lineup of in-stock SUVs, including the Adventure Ready, RAV4, and capable, affordable Corolla cross, you can experience the legacy of Toyota for yourself.


Visit via toyota.com, the official website for deals to find out more. Toyota, let's go places. Residents at BrightView, senior living communities enjoy enhanced possibilities, independence and choice. BrightView Dul Corner in Herndon and BrightView Great Falls offer vibrant senior, independent living, assisted living and memory care services through various daily programs and cultural events. Chef prepared meals, safety and security, transportation, resorts to amenities, and high quality care. Everything you need is here. Discover more@brightviewseniorliving.com. Equal housing opportunity. This podcast is sponsored by Talkspace.


You know when you're really stressed or not feeling so great about your life or about yourself. Talking to someone who understands can really help. But who is that person? How do you find them? Where do you even start? Talkspace. Talkspace makes it easy to get the support you need. With Talkspace, you can go online, answer a few questions about your preferences, and be matched with a therapist. And because you'll meet your therapist online, you don't have to take time off work or arrange childcare. You'll meet on your schedule wherever you feel most at ease. If you're depressed, stressed, struggling with a relationship, or if you want some counseling for you and your partner or just need a little extra one-on-one support, Talkspace is here for you. Plus Talkspace works with most major insurers and most insured members.


Have a $0 copay, no insurance, no problem. Now get $80 off of your first month with promo code space 80 when you go to talkspace.com. Match with a licensed therapist today@talkspace.com. Save $80 with code space eighty@talkspace.com.