
Meetings, deadlines, emails. Don't you wish you could escape the chaos? That's where the all new Nissan Murano comes in with available features like the relaxing misogyny seats to ease stress, and the beautiful skyline views that bring in natural light. It's like cruising in your personal oasis. And if you need to set a vibe, 64 colors of personalized lighting and a bold premium sound system. Have you covered? Hands down. The all new Nissan Murano is your stress-free getaway. Sometimes the greatest rush isn't rushing at all. Drive the all new Nissan Murano today. Panoramic, moonroof, ambient lighting, bows and massaging. Leather appointed seats are optional features.


Taking control of your career is empowering. Just don't tell my boss. I said that. Building a career isn't just about a job. It's about creating a path that impacts our community and future generations. Whether you're starting out or making big moves, State Farm is here to support you with resources to help protect what you're working hard to achieve. They've got your back every step of the way because like a good neighbor State Farm is there. Find out more at State Farm dot com.


Top reasons advanced manufacturing. Pros wanna move to Ohio. So many advancement opportunities for technicians, machinists, managers, operators, and more. How about a powered up paycheck and an amped up career? Plus the energy of big time sports. And after work plenty of ways to unplug the career you want and a life you'll love. Have it all in the heart of it all. Build your future@callohiohelm.com.


Toyota is the best resale value brand for 2025, according to Kelly Blue book's kbb.com. And with a wide range of dependable vehicles for any lifestyle, you can get everything you need in a vehicle today while investing in tomorrow. So choose Toyota and choose Value shop. Buy a toyota.com for great deals and more vehicles. Projected resale value is specific to the 2025 model year. For more information, visit Kelley Blue Book's kbb.com. Kelly Blue Book is a registered trademark of Kelley Blue Book Co. Inc. Toyota. Let's go places.


Good morning. USA. Yo. Yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo, yo yo, yo yo. Just Hilarious. Good morning, Charlamagne The Guy. Peace to the Planet is Monday. Good morning. How y'all feel out there? I feel blessed Black and highly favored. Happy to be here another day to serve our beautiful listeners. What's happening? Good morning. How was everybody's weekend? How was your weekend, Jess? My weekend was amazing. My husband And I enjoyed the weekend with my daughter. My son is back at home in Maryland with his grandmother. But yo, we went to this event on Saturday. It was like a, a diary. Actually, this is merch that I'm wearing from the event.


It was like an intimate reflection on the life of Lauryn Hill. Right. Okay. And it, we covered everything. It was a Jersey on New York. It was in Brooklyn, New York, Brooklyn. Okay. And it was at one of these nice studios and it was like segments. We had, like, we had trivia on her and when I say a deep reflection Emini here, like they went, it went through like her insecurities and how things was affecting her behind the music from one relationship to the other. And then when she had her son, and then how you know her with the Fugees, her time solo. And it was just amazing dope. And it was intimate event. It was like, like 25 to 30 people. Dope. Dope, dope. And my daughter's godmother a godfather ic, he's a Ethiopian, he's cool as hell, man. He has these events all the time and like, and, and it's like kinda like a Find your Tribe thing.


It was, they had complimentary wine and then they had non-alcoholic wines for people who didn't drink. It was just like a really nice time. We got deep and stuff and it was dope. Alright. So that's cool. You know, That's what Step fingers for You. It was a finger snap Then. Okay. All yes. Lit. Alright, well move to that. Thank you. Now, Charlamagne, you had your Black Effect Podcast Festival, man. Yes, we did. I was all over this weekend though. I was in my, my daughter had cheerleading competition too, so I had to fly from there to go to Atlanta for the Black Effect Podcast Festival with Drop on the cruises bombs for the third annual Black Effect podcast festival. Man, Emini here every year. It is just such an incredible event. Everybody who's, you know, who loves the podcast culture, whether you just love to watch podcasts to be entertained by them, or you want to, you know, be in the podcast business.


It's just a great weekend. And networking and you know, information being, you know, dispersed to everybody. So man s salute to everyone who pulled up this year. You know, cam Newton was there, pastor sir. He, he, he interviewed Portia Williams for his Funky Friday podcast. The, the new senior pastor part of house. Sarah Jakes Roberts, she was there. She interviewed Toya Carter. So her and Rene was there. Who? Man, who else was there? I Saw Jacque Jaqui. Yeah, Jais Jacque was there. He, he was with tanking Jay Valentine for the r and B Money podcast. It was just a lot of people who pulled up. Man Tyrese pulled up tr I ain't seen Trinidad James in a long time. He pulled up. That's What's up.


Yeah. And the just so many dope ass podcasts who came out salute to the no homo podcast. You know, they were walking around with a big sign that said Charlemagne Love studs. That's who that was. Yo. Yes. That was Funny. So funny. That was hilarious. Yes. I loved it. You better have took that too. You gotta like, hang that up in your house. What? I, you know what? I didn't take it. Oh, that's Dope. But I thought, but no, I, I I, I I kicked it with, I kicked it with them. I kicked it with That's what's up Boss Bri DJ XL for a minute. So salute to them. But it was just a fantastic event. Thank you to everybody that came to the third Annual Black Effect Podcast Festival and we'll see you next year. Alright. As well. And salute to all the dance dads out there. My dad, my daughters had a competition all weekend from 7:00 AM to 11:00 PM on Saturday and 7:00 AM to 7:00 PM yesterday.


Yo, you purposely telling Us the times. Yes, Absolutely. I have to justify why you talking? It's ridiculous. It doesn't make any sense. It is too damn Long. I know. And it's like 30 minute breaks, 45 minute breaks in between an hour breaks in between. So it's not enough to get a nap. You just gotta sit in it. It just, to sit in it. Envy Is so irritated. Yo, I came in here with all the energy, you know, 'cause I had an off weekend, so I was very, very happy. Emini here, here dancing and all that. The glue really. He come here like, sit down. What is wrong with you? I'm like, damn, dad, what's up? What's wrong? I done seen all dancing all weekend. I done seen it all this weekend. Had a good time. They both won first play, first place. So I was Congratulations. Congratulations. I was very happy first in their division, first in the region. So I was super duper happy. So, oh yeah, I think we got one more and then it's a wrap.


Okay. The dance season is over. Good then, then we get nice envy back. That's what's up now then we got soccer season, but we'll, we'll talk about that one later. All right, well let's get the show cracking. We got front page news. Morgan is back. We'll kicking with her when we come back. So don't go anywhere as The Breakfast Club. Good morning. Morning everybody. It's DJ Envy, Jess. Hilarious. Charlemagne the guy. We are The Breakfast Club. Let's getting some front page news. Usually they have the sports in front of me, not this morning. So I know that the Timberwolves beat the Lakers last night. 1 16, 1 13. Timberwolves lead the Series three one. Yeah. Beat the magic. It's, It's, it's a rap for them. Lakers just need y'all to know that. Okay. What y'all knew, what y'all knew LeBron James and Luca Donkey wasn't going, you know, they can't win things by themselves.


It's just them two. Other than that, that, that's not a deep team at all. Yeah, the Pistons lost to the Knicks last night. 94. 93. So the Knicks of course lead to series three one and the Celtics lead to series three One. They beat the magic 1 0 7 98. Alright, what we got Morgan, welcome back. Thank you. Well first let me Just say thanks to Brie and Mimi for holding it down and let's get into it. Yeah. First step on the front page. Congress is back in session today, y'all on Capitol Hill in Washington DC after a two week recess. So yesterday on Sunday, Congressman Hakeem Jeffries of New York, he is a Democratic Democrat and Democrat, Senator Corey Booker of New Jersey.


They spent some time on the steps of the US Capitol doing a live stream. They called it a sit down protest. And discussion on what house minority leader Jeffries claims is the dangerous situation we confront in America. Now they spoke about the impact of the forthcoming GOP spending. Bill, let's take a listen to house minority leader Hakeem comments. This is a time to choose and we either gonna choose the side of the American people or we're gonna choose this cruel budget that Republicans are trying to jam down the throats of the American people that would effectively take away healthcare potentially for tens of millions of Americans, children and seniors and families and people with disabilities and veterans and others take away food from the mouths of children.


Undermine, you know, the ability of people to survive who've worked hard their entire lives, all in service of a massive tax cut for their billionaire donors. So Senator Booker, he talked about the GOP spending bill as well. In fact, in a post on X, he said Congressional Republicans are preparing to, preparing to cut gut Medicaid and essential services to give the ultrawealthy a tax cut. He was also on the steps yesterday of the US Capitol. Let's take a listen to his comments. We believe presents one of the greatest moral threats to our country that we've seen in terms of what it will do to providing food for the hungry care for the elderly services for the disabled healthcare, healthcare for the sick and more.


And also happy, happy belated birthday to Cory Booker. He spent his birthday doing that. So speaking of marking occasions, president Trump prepares to Mark 100 days back, back in office this week, which is set to come tomorrow on Tuesday, April 29th. Now this all comes as recent national polls indicate the president is not having the sweeping support that he may think he has. NBC news, stay tuned poll found 55% of Americans disapprove of how Trump is handling the presidency. While 45% approve on immigration. One of his strongest issues during the 2024 election. The poll found that just over half disapprove of his policies, while O only 49% approve. Meanwhile, the economy proved to be his weakest issue. Only 39% are satisfied with this economic agenda while 61% are voicing their opposition.


And overall, 60% of those surveyed believe they believe the US is on the wrong track while 40% say it's on the right one. And when it comes to tariffs, a national poll shows that nearly two thirds of American disapprove of President Trump's tariffs a new a, b, C News. Washington Post ipss poll shows that seven in 10 think the tariffs will increase us inflation. Nearly half of Republicans poll think the tariffs will have a negative impact on inflation. But there are also some Republicans who believe that it could create manufacturing jobs and bring those back to the US So that includes 90% of Republicans and 60% of independents in That. You know, it, it is funny when people talk about those manufacturing jobs because Emini here, number one, it takes, you know, quite, quite, quite a few years, several years to even build a factory.


But then when you think about what, what the country's gonna look like in five to 10 years, most of those manufacturing jobs are gonna be AI anyway. Absolutely. You're not wrong there. You're not wrong there at all. But that pretty much wraps up the 6:00 AM I, I wanna say one other thing too, Morgan, when you look at the low approval ratings that Trump and you look at the low approval ratings of Democrats, it just lets you know, a lot of Americans are just fed up with it all. Like the period country, the country, the country needs something different. Period. A overhaul. Completely. You know what, you you, you're not wrong in saying that. You're not wrong in saying, And I think, I think you're definitely on the right track when you're saying that. Yeah. Everybody seems to be fed up, you know, and people Just fed up with it all. Yeah. And it's, it's really, it really starts with the pockets, you know, and that's where it really boils down to, you know, so, yeah, you know, I'm gonna keep y'all posted on what's going on at 7:00 AM we gonna talk about Shado though?


You know, I, we got, we gotta get into what happened with Shado Sanders. He finally got selected by Cleveland, but we'll get into the drama a little bit. Alright, And everybody else get it off your chest. 805 8 5 1 0 5 1 if you need to vent, phone lines are wide open again, 805 8 5 1 0 5 1 is The Breakfast Club. Good morning. The Breakfast Club, This is your time to get it off your chest. 805 8 5 1 0 5 1. We wanna hear from you on The Breakfast Club. Hello. Who's this? Hey, good morning, this is James calling from North Carolina. James from North Carolina. What up? Get it off your chest. Yeah Man, I was just thinking over the weekend about this whole Shannon Sharp in incident And I was thinking about the double standard in it.


Not, not the part about the assault or whatever, but Emini here as far as him being an age that he is and how young the lady is. I I just, if you flip the roles, man, I guarantee it, it, it wouldn't be such a big deal. Emini here, look at that movie. How Stellar got a groove back. Women we're celebrating that mess, man. This woman was 40 years old. Eight or 20-year-old guy. And then, and then on top of that you got like, Cher was dating some dude that was like 40 years her junior. I ain't hear too much about that. You know what, Emini here, When you have to do all those mental gymnastics and hypotheticals, you know, to prove why somebody should be doing what they're doing, they probably shouldn't be doing it.


Like I said, it's not against the law, but I think it's, it is totally wrong. I don I don't think it's, it is ethically right. Morally right. Emini here, you could have said Juice, you know, with q he was dating his teacher, but I Don that's a movie. I know. Yeah, But He named movies though. But those are movies, bro. I don think it's right. Even with Belichick, Belichick is 70 something years old and he met that girl at 21. I, I don't think it's right. You know what? Emini here, But he not, he not right. Oh, Okay. But what about, what about that old, that old story about that teacher that was messing with her student and ended up getting pregnant by him and all that. Y'all remember that story? That woman, that woman got multiple chances to get right Before They sent her to jail. I, I, I, this is, I'm, I'm not even having this conversation. It's so much nuance with this conversation.


I think that y'all are not factoring in so many different things that are part of this situation and why Shannon is Well No Emini here. Don't Get me wrong sir. Man, don't get me wrong man. I agree with you and envy with the whole age thing. I got a daughter that's 20 years old, man. I couldn't date a person that much younger than me, but I'm just saying that, you know what I'm saying? It is the double standard there. It's not even just the age thing though. It's the audio phone call and him saying he was gonna choke the girl out. Whether or not that was role playing or not, I don't know. You know, it's the text messages. I, it's a lot of things that factor into this situation. Not just, it's not just as simple as he's 56, she was 19. But I totally Get what you saying too, sir, like on the other side because even when a gay's do it, I'd be like, what?


Like, 'cause when the old studs be dating the young girls, I'd be like, Uhuh, what you want with her? You know? 'cause my my sister is 21 and what if a 60-year-old stud came up to her, I would kill her. You know what Emini here And you're talking about a 56-year-old man who had so much to lose. Like, like, like just because you can do something doesn't mean you should because you have to know who you are. Right? You gotta know what you got. You stand to lose in this situation. He just put himself in a bad situation to be 54, 56 years old. Get it off your chest. 805 8 5 1 0 5 1. If you need to vent, hit us up now. It's The Breakfast Club Morning. Don't do nothing. The Breakfast Club. Ray, Ray, Ray, yo, Charla, man.


Envy. What up are we live? This is your time to get it off your chest. I Got an indoor pool, a outdoor pool. We want to hear from you on The Breakfast Club. We can Get on the phone right now here and tell you what it's, we lie. Hello? Who's this? Ah man, finally. Ah, peaceful blessings guys. How you guys doing this Morning? Hello? Sean. Sean. Hey, good morning Jess. Hilarious. Hey, hey DJ Envy also. Sha made the guy Haw Stone. Oh, it sound like you didn't even want to say nothing a while ago, brother. You need to stop being so insecure. Oh God. I'm not insecure brother. All I said was haw stone, but what Sean? Hey, but that but DJ Envy last week you brought up my name.


Yep. I was just, I was just driving in my truck doing my sanitation job And I heard my name being brought up with tra Yeah. Travis's Studio caught on fire and he was asking for people to donate. And I was like, it would be a big deal if, if Sean Stone said, you know what, I'm gonna put my differences aside and donate to his, his engineer. But You know what's so crazy, Jess? I don't have a problem with Trav. I did donate that shit. See you donate that same day. I told you dude, I told you, I told you was a good dude. Yeah. And so if Trav don't believe he could go to the guy page, you know what Emini here on the GoFund, me and you, you'll see Sean Stone name right there that I donated $10.


You know what Emini here. That's, that's dope. I think, I think y'all should use this to, to put your issues aside and just yeah, continue on. Envy. What? Envy. I don't have a problem with Charles. He's the one that have a problem with me. He's the one that don't like me for no reason. He, You know what? Emini here like me, he's the one like me And I, he don't like me. He don't like me. You should turn that into a Record. That's stupid. Oh my goodness. And also I just wanna shout out Mel, Mel Brooks, the white lady that was on the show recently. Mel. Mel, robs, Mel Robinson. Mark, Mel Robbins. Mel Robbins. My bad. I love her Outlook on life, man. I would love to talk to her one day because I'm one of the guys that have two YouTube subscribers and she's telling me, keep going.


You know what, Emini here You only got two. How long have you only had two subscribers? Yeah. Yeah. I've been there for like a year now. Envy Talking. I Don Dunno. Mel's talking. But listen. Hey Mel Emini here. Sean. Sean, you know Mel got another theory called the Knowing to Quit theory. I don know if you heard that. No. Shut up. Let them No too, she got the Let Theory, but she has the Knowing the Quit theory. Listen, Listen. Just like how I'm a giver, I would love for people to go support my YouTube channel, stone tv, sse, And I could to interview Jet. Hilarious. Yes. Hopefully one day you will. Yeah. Yes.


Congratulations on your marriage too, man. Thank you Sean. So you, I know you're Trying to keep it quiet. What'd you say? You did get married people. I know you're Trying to keep it quiet. Yeah. So thank you for, for you know, catching on Sean. I appreciate that. Yeah. Nah, for real. It could have been me, Jess. So you know what Emini here, it could have been me. You met out outside the bodega, But you are, you know Emini here married though, ain't you? No. You just got two kids? No, I'm, no I'm not. No ma'am you no. Okay. Okay. Well yeah, I'm not married yet. I see that eventually I will get married though. Yes, I see that in your future. Very quick. But I Love that for you and Crystal. Thank you. And hopefully your baby Marley and my baby could be best friend because my girl just turned one years old on April 15th.


Aw. So shout out to Baby Paris and just check your DM because I turned baby Paris to your dm. Okay? Okay. Thank you. You should be DMing married women. What? What? Oh my bless day. Char Too. No, you should not be DMing married women. Especially if you were the one who wanted to marry him. Hello? Who's this? Hello? Can y'all hear me? Yeah, We can hear you now. It says that you were in Orlando, you gave Jess Hilarious a massage and you selt something. Damn you. No, that's not what I said. That's not what I said. And I dunno why that being locked. I Don't play with just like that. Don't even play with just like that. No, I didn't say that. I just want, I was calling to tell just thank you so much for the opportunity and she's a woman of her word And I appreciate the shout out This G Yes, that G Girl Emini here.


Thank you girl. I, Hey girl, you Shoulda seen Too much. Too much And, and Charlotte lemme check you too because you need to let Taylor go to Kendrick Lamar show get her them two. Nope. Taylor pregnant period. Taylor, she was watling Like she said she gonna be in the suite. She ain't gonna be with the around nobody but you in your security. Nope. She was waddling around and Atlanta this weekend looking like she ain't had no business being there. Nope. That's a weekend. That's one night. I don, I don just a couple hours. She gonna go, he gonna have it in there Like come on now. She work hard. She deserve that. Yeah, she definitely do. They only want to give her a week maternity leave. Can you believe that?


I don't Know. They need her a month. They give us like three months, at least A month. This is crazy. Three Months. At least a month. She need at least six months. But give her at least a month Now she got three months. They gave her three months for maternity leave. But No, I love you G And I appreciate you babe. I love you too and thank you so much. I really appreciate you, you a woman of your work And I really thank you so much. Absolutely. All Right, have a good one now y'all Too. Have a good, Tell em about your, your massage place where people could get you. No, I I'm A slap. Okay. You make, don't even wanna talk. I now Yeah because y'all done messed up talking about, I said the lady spanking, she wasn't saying. Okay. Yeah. I am the Gia Ali experience Tampa, Florida mobile massage therapist.


Yes, I am the best. Y'all look me up. The THE Gia Ali. J-E-Y-A-H-A-L-I. And y'all should know how to spell experience. Yes ma'am. I know she said that one too long. Y'all Looked me up. Y'all look me up. I'm mobile, I got Mother's Day specials going on. So y'all come look me up. Follow me on Facebook and Instagram. Have a good one mama. And if you don't know, you don't play with no got a good one too. You don't play with no woman when it comes to no smells. Hey yo, I was joking. Hey yo. But, but the massage is like, it's very necessary. Like I think she used to work in like physical therapy 'cause like she like she made me feel like I was taller. Like she stretch you out when you do your, like she got the hot stone treatment.


Shes like Eucalyptus put something like that. You can smell the scents like everything. And she traveled from Tampa to come to Orlando 'cause she couldn't catch me when I was in Tampa. So she definitely mobile. Dope. Dope. All right, get it off your chest. 805 8 5 1 0 5 1. We got the latest with Lauren coming up. We do TD Jakes is stepping back as senior pastor from his church after his medical scare a couple months ago. So we gonna get into all that. And you cut your hair. Love you Bishop. Yes. I, My hair for the festival on my, what's That one Called? Yes. I don't even know. I wanna call it the ji. Oh remember Ji used to come out slam above with the Bobs. Yes. Yeah, her and Tasha Smith. But yeah, I love that this Is inspired by the festival. Okay. Alright, we'll get to that next. It's The Breakfast Club. Good morning.


Hey, what up y'all? It's DJ Envy. The first few months of 2025 have been quite a year. Work deadlines, group chats. You can't escape and you're weird cousin's latest overshare. It's a lot. But here's some good news. You don't have to bring that stress into your car. The all new Nissan Murano is your piece on wheels thanks to its available features. Imagine sliding into the relaxing, massaging seats that feel like they were made to melt your tensions. Take in the skyline views that let sunlight pour in and watch as your day brightens. I have a special playlist that always gets me right. And with the Bose premium sound system, you too can vibe like you're at your own private concert. Plus with your 64 color personalized lighting option, you can set the mood any way you want. Be it romantic chill or in a straight up do not disturb mode. Let the Nissan Murano be your oasis in a chaotic world because sometimes the greatest rush isn't rushing at all. Drive the all new Nissan Murano today. Panoramic moonroof, ambient lighting, bows and massaging. Leather appointed seats are optional features.


Some of the best memories aren't just about where you are, it's about who you're with, your crew, your day ones. The folks who always got your back, the ones who turn the most random moments into inside jokes you'll be laughing about for years. And now share Coke is making those moments even sweeter this time. It's not just about sharing a Coke with one person. Nah, it's about sharing with the whole squad. Because what's better than drinking an ice cold Coke sharing one with the people you love most. Whether you're kicking it at the cookout, vibing at the game, pre-gaming before a night out or just hanging out and catching up. There's a Coke with your name or better yet your nickname on it from friend bro bestie or girl to classic names like Sarah Riley and David. These cans and bottles are all about your people, but it's bigger than just having a name on a can. It's about uplifting your friends and celebrating real connections. It's about appreciating the moments that matter, the road trips, the late night talks, the big wins, even the Ls we take together. It's about the little things, the inside jokes, the group chats, the remember that time went, moments that turn into the best stories because Coke is here for all of it. To make sure you enjoy those moments with the people who matter most. Because sharing a Coke isn't just about what's in the bottle. Nah, it's about the laughs, the love and the connections that keep us together. So go on, grab a Coke for everybody, raise it up and turn a regular day until a memory. But don't wait too long because these limited edition cans and bottles won't be around forever. So next time you're with your people, don't miss your chance to share a Coke because the best moments are meant to be shared.


Hey fam, this is Carlos Miller from the 85 South Show. If you're like me, you're always thinking about how to level up your career. Maybe you're fresh outta college, just starting in your field or even looking to switch things up and find your true calling. Whatever stage you're in, remember that this is your time to grow, to learn, and to build something that lasts. State Farm understands that early career development is key to long-term success. They've been a steady presence in our community and they know having the right support early can make all the difference. State Farm is there to help you make smart moves and to help you get the coverage you need. We all know that the journey to success is a marathon, not a sprint. It's all about staying focused, staying grounded, and making sure you're protected every step of the way. Let's build our careers with confidence knowing that State Farm is there to support us just like they've always been because like a good neighbor State Farm is there. Find out more at State Farm dot com.


Click fast and save big shop our blinds.com. Spring Cyber Monday sale, happening right now and elevate your space with brand new custom window treatments today. blinds.com is the number one online retailer for custom window treatments, offering you professional support and styles that fit any budget from classic shutters and bamboo shades, even motorized shades for your outdoor space. blinds.com has something for everyone with honest upfront pricing and no hidden fees, DIY, or let us handle everything from measure to install. blinds.com makes it easy. With free virtual consultations, our design experts will help guide you from start to finish with free samples sent directly to you so you can try before you buy. Plus every order includes our 100% satisfaction guarantee. Shop blinds.com Spring Cyber Monday sale going on right now. Save up to 45% with minimum purchase. Plus get a free professional measure up to 45% off@blinds.com Rules and restrictions May apply.


Breakfast Club Morning everybody. It's DJ NV Jess. Hilarious. Charlemagne the guy. We are The Breakfast Club. Let's get to the latest with Laura Lauren becoming a straight, she gets them from somebody that knows Somebody. Some she gets to details. I'm the home girl that knows a little bit about everything and She be having the latest on good Lord the latest with Lauren la. Sometimes you have facts, sometimes you have details. Sometimes she have a little bit of everything. Well what's the latest on The Breakfast Club? Talk. Talk to me. Sorry. Damn You bad Lauren. More What? Hell the hell is going On? No, I swallow something the wrong way.


Pause that. Great weekend in Atlanta. All right, let's go. Want somebody to begin there? You was surrounded by, she was surrounded by studs. Them studs was on love. I bet. My God never gives me Motivational advice. We took pictures with the sign. It was like real good. See you had on that Old pants with the crap A strong black woman. Yeah. Hey, one of the studs walked up to her and said, low, you ate that. And I was like, oh, I didn't know what they were talking about. Liar. Well wow, this is a crazy segue. TD Jakes is stepping down as senior pastor at the Potter House Church in Dallas. He announced it this past Sunday at at during his, one of his services. Let's take a listen. I've seen too many men bill something and stay so long that they kill what they bill.


What you gotta understand is it's not so important that you just know when to grab a hole. It's doing when to let go. What you didn't know from November forward. They've been running the church anyway. They're not meant to replace me because nobody can. What the hell Is going on? But if they step into this position, they may extend me. Y'all just played three clips back to back with no context. Yeah. So the second one was TD Jakes after he announced that his daughter Sarah Jake Roberts and Torre Pastor Torre Roberts would be taking over to church.


He just had the church like welcome them. And he explained that, you know, we heard him say and go ahead Charlamagne. I know you had something to say The first time. No, I was just gonna say I love Bishop TD Jakes that man has helped me get through so much. Just listening to his sermons over the years, reading his books, then being able to develop a personal relationship with him. I love that man. And I want to thank Bishop TD Jakes for all his service drop on the clues bonds for Bishop TD Jake. Yeah. And he, he, he talked about the, the scare that he had in November as well. And for those of you guys who don't remember, back in November, he was preaching and while he was preaching he went down on stage. At the time they just said it was a medical emergency. We didn't really know what happened. But then TD Jakes came out and said that it was actually a massive heart attack. He had no idea. 'cause there was no, he didn't have the typical symptoms of going into a heart attack.


He just felt like he was going to sleep. And the doctor had told him that like five minutes later he would've been dead on arrival. Oh wow. To the hospital. So it was a, it was a, a serious heart attack. So Wow. You know? Yeah. And he, and he also said that he's taking some time to go out and do some more things in the community. So Yeah. Okay. But, but I also want to say, when I tell you Bishop TD Jakes is passing the torch to more than capable individuals. Pastor Tore and Pastor Sarah Jakes Roberts, they both was at the Black Effect Podcast Festival this past weekend. And I told Tore, I said, brother, you and Pastor Sarah are on Divine assignment because the impact that they have on people, especially young people is incredible. Every young person around me at the Fest Festival wanted to meet them.


One of my young mentees, Marcus Scott, another young mentee, Nyla McPherson, when I tell you these people love Pastor Sarah and Pastor Tore. So Sarah and Tore have the ability to bring a whole new flock of people to the church. So salute the Bishop Jakes and Pastor Sarah and Pastor Toray. I call 'em the first family of faith. I love those individuals. That's amazing. And I got to meet them two thanks to Charlemagne. I was like, no, it's too much. 'cause everybody was like fi like going crazy over them. And I was like, I don't wanna meet them. It's too much. But I used to go to their church in LA years ago and a lot of people, if you, if you've been in LA and lived there for a while, one church was like the church that like you go, it helps you get through your experience. 'cause it's tough when you're moving and transitioning. So I got to tell them that. And as I was talking I felt myself getting a little emotional.


I'm like why am I, but they really do symbolize like a time and like your life in like your life in LA when you're trying to figure things out and you go to their church trying to, you know, and they give you that. So People were in tears. Yeah. Meeting Pastor Sarah this week and the Black Effect podcast festival. And I know Sarah don't need me too because she's the mo Protective, but I'll flip ta tables for Sarah Jix Roberts. You hear me? Amazing. Yeah. Well we wrapping up now, so I'll come back to the next hour with the next one. Yeah. Alright. Look real quick though. Yo, so I went to get my nails done in Jersey City. I like today. Thank you. You know, just give a little something. Right. And what I noticed was talking to the Asian woman who was doing my nails, yo like the tariffs directly. Just to see it in real time.


How it affects everybody. It's crazy because she was saying like her and her inventory, like she's running outta stuff and because there are tariffs on China, she don't know when it's coming. She don't know when. Yeah. And like to buy, she can buy the same stuff in America, but it's so much money. It's expensive here and expensive. So she's like, I'm damned if I, you know, try if I do, I don't damn shopping for my products in America. So I may not have my shop. Oh wow. Too much longer. This, this is my bread and butter. I've been doing this for 45 years. Oh wow. She's been doing this 45 years. An older lady in named Mimi in Jersey City. So like, just to see how it affects people in real time. Emini here, I know it's real. But to hear her testimony, just tell me that while she doing my nails and I'm like, damn.


You know, I didn't Even think about nails. Yeah, That's that's interesting. 'cause she could like triple her prices. Right. But then what about all the other nail salons around her? Are they, they gonna do that? They probably gonna have to too, but the think Yeah, I'm sure they're all dealing with the same thing. Yes. So now, now your nail regular nail job gonna cost probably three times as much as they used to. Yes. And nail techs cost more than the shops. You know what Emini here, the ones that come and they're more convenient because they can come to you and stuff, but she's like, she don't want to increase her prices because she's been there for 45 years. She gonna have to, and she got like clients that been coming to her, you know, who done had kids generations and generations like she have to that come to her. So she don't want to, but They have to do like a tariff tax on it.


$25 Pedicure, $25 manicure I some type of, and she is so heartbroken over that y'all. So it was horrible. Just wanted to share that. All Right, well that was the latest with Lauren. When we come back we got front page news. So don't go anywhere. It's The Breakfast Club. Good morning. You're checking out The Breakfast Club. Morning everybody, it's DJJ Envy Jess. Hilarious Charlamagne ne god we are The Breakfast Club. Let's get back in some front page news. Now, some quick sports. New York Knicks beat the Pistons. 94 93. They lead the series three one. I know Detroit's mad about that one, but they were physical the whole game. So how you gonna not court make a call at the last play when they were physical the whole game. So great. Missed call Minnesota Timberwolves beat the LA Lakers.


1 16, 1 13 Minnesota leads three one Celtics beat the Orlando magic also leads the series three one and the Paces beat the bucks. They lead the series three one as well. What's up Morgan? Yeah, let's get to, let's continue. Conversa conversing, excuse me. Mm. Hello Monday about sports. Okay, the wait is over for Shado Sanders. I know we was all watching to see when he would go be drafted, right? So as you mentioned on Friday, he did end up in Cleveland, but it was not in the second round. Instead it was the fifth round. Y'all Shado is the son of Hall of Famer and Colorado head coach Dion Primetime Sanders, the former Colorado quarterback was drafted fifth and the fifth round by the, by the Cleveland Browns Sanders.


Who many thought would go in the first round. Of course you again, as I mentioned, you guys thought the second round, but he slid all the way down to the 165th pick overall. So let's take a listen to what he had to say following his selection after that was made. Let's hear from Shado Sanders. Things happen. Sometimes it's adversity. We gotta change it though. We gotta do different, we gotta do different. We can't control the uncontrollable, you can't control that. So you just gotta remain positive, stay happy at all times and know God. Got you. I knew the whole time God had me, so I wasn't really panicking because I understood it. It is about perfect timing, Man bond for shado sand.


Absolutely. Everything happens the way God wants it to happen. And that's what I love the most about the way Shado handled that situation all weekend. He laughed. We never saw him get frustrated. He didn't have no sense of entitlement. He didn't blame nobody. He just simply kept giving God the glory. And I loved that. That showed me everything I needed to know about his character and his attitude. The fact that he was just like, yo, whatever God got playing is going to happen. Like he never let his faith waver. And I love that about Shado Sanders, man salute to him. But there was a lot of, you know, speculation as to why it happened the way it happened. But to your point, you know, and to his point, yeah, God's timing, you know, nobody, nobody can't control that period.


And I, And I, And I will say this, if Shado goes to the NFL and he sucks, all that collusion talk is out the window. If he, if he goes to the NFL and he's not good, then he proved all those teams who passed on him. Correct. So let's pray he proves them wrong. That's Right. Alright, so yeah, meanwhile, the son of Atlanta Falcons head coach is admitting to the childish prank Jack Ridge. He apologized for prank calling Shado Sanders during day two of the draft. Now defensive Ben, defensive coordinator Ben Bert's son impersonated New Orleans Saints general manager, Mickey Loomis, and told the Colorado quarterback that he was going to take him with the next pick. And then Sanders ended up falling to the Browns in round five. So, oh, I didn't hear that one.


The one I heard was the one where he told him, you gonna have to wait a little bit longer. I ain't hear the one that he said, I'm gonna pick you next. There was Only one call, so maybe he said it on both calls. I, yeah, I heard who he said he is. Yeah. I only heard the one part where he said, you gonna have to wait a little bit longer, by the way, giving him donkey today, today. But that was hilarious. Come on now. Damn. I think he Did to somebody else too. That's, that's not funny. He should get his ass whooped though. It was, but You that was funny. That was hilarious. Cut it out. That ain't funny when you sitting there waiting to get your name called, but That's why it's funny. No, that's terrible. The question is, what type of punishment can you know that that child or even the person, that person's What The defensive coordinator, like what kind of punishment, what are, how y'all gonna handle that? And that's why I'm giving him donkey today because you know, in that moment he didn't care about what his daddy's profession was like.


You gotta care about you. You, you gotta care about what your daddy does 'cause you bringing negative attention and light to him And I No, that's true. Also us switching gears, A Louisiana judge says a 2-year-old US citizen has been deported with no due process. On fact, on Friday a toddler was sent to Honduras with her mother who had been deported. Now it is important to note that the mother does not have legal status in the United States. So Judge Terry Daughtry, who was appointed by President Trump ordered a hearing to be held next month on the issue. Now he says the hearing is in the interest of dispelling our strong suspicion that the government just deported a US citizen with no meaningful process. So it's also being reported that three children, and as I mentioned, the 2-year-old have allegedly been deported.


Two Honduras illegally, the 2-year-old as I mentioned before. And then there's a 4-year-old and a 7-year-old with another mother. Now that mother also did not have legal status and the 4-year-old is actually being treated for cancer. So that's absolutely damn horrible that, you know, that would happen. Yeah. In the midst of treatment Now on cnn, state of the Union Senate minority leader, Chuck Schumer slams President Trump following those allegations saying the administration is violating the rule of law and Americans are not happy about it. Let's take a listen to Senator Schumer. This Is not the only instance. There are reportedly other instances where US citizen children were deported without any due process. Due process is a hallmark of what our country is all about, rule of law and ice.


And Trump seem to break it in every single way. Right now, president Trump is violating rule of law in every way and we're fighting him every single day. So yeah, he was also, Schumer was also asked about the possibility of impeaching Trump, but he said it's too soon to decide. Also noting that, you know, the Dems do not control the Senate or the house. So that would not be, and yeah, and wasn't Impeachment gonna do Was the right Exactly. This be his third time getting impeached. What's that gonna do? But you know what Morgan, I did not know. I did not know until you said it about the 2-year-old Emini here. I knew about the 2-year-old getting deported, but all the news reports just kept saying that a 2-year-old got deported. I didn't know that the mother had got deported because she wasn't a citizen Emini here. They were.


They were. Yeah. She she doesn't, yeah, I didn't know that. That's gonna be a a, you know, a big thing. This is probably gonna be one of those, what do you call the, the first case, the precedent case and, and, and what's going to probably be a long standing situation for a lot of migrants. So it's something to watch. And if I can, I know we probably running outta time, but random story, I thought that was very, very interesting. A new, new data from Lending Tree shows, like a growing number of Americans are using credit now to buy groceries. A survey of 2000 consumers ages 18 to 79 found that 50% reported using credit to help lower, excuse me, cover the cost of food. About 25% of those surveyed said they used to, they used buy now pay later loans for groceries now.


Damn. Yeah. Groceries Emini here. We know about, you know, big electronics, things like that. Or you know, other things like furniture, whatever, you know, I ain't got, got a couch just, you know, paying all stuff. I've Been doing, I've been using credit for groceries though, you know, just instead of using liquid cash, you know, for my business or whatever. So Emini here that's been using cash, but, but that's crazy to buy now. Pay later. That's, that's crazy to have to do that to eat, you know, or To financing. Absolutely. Yeah. I think using credit on groceries is, you know, fine. If you find that to be feasible for you in terms of, you know, like any of kickbacks you might get for your credit cards or stuff like that. Rewards, you know, I, I, I might swipe, you know, the, the, the travel card for, you know, you wanna get the rewards back and stuff like that. But you know, like you're saying buy now, pay later is definitely a a, a sign of the times essentially.


Crazy. So, yeah. But that's your front page news y'all. Y'all following me on social at Morgan Media. And for more news coverage, make sure you are following Ad Black Information Network. Download the free iHeartRadio app and visit us@binnews.com. Thank y'all. All right, thank you Morgan. Now when we come back, let's open up the phone lines (800) 585-1051. Justice broke down her experience at a nail shop this weekend where the owner said that, you know, she might have to close because she can't get products, she has to raise the prices. Things are too expensive. So the question is, how are tariffs affecting you? 805 8 5 1 0 5 5 1. Are you a business owner or your regular consumer? How is it affecting you? Call us up right now. It's The Breakfast Club.


Good morning. The Breakfast Club. Daddy calling my phone. It's topic time. Call (800) 585-1051 to join into the discussion with The Breakfast Club. Morning everybody. It's DHJ Envy. Just hilarious. Charlamagne Nega. We are The Breakfast Club. If you're just joining us, we open up the phone lines (800) 585-1051. We're asking how have the tariffs affected you? Now this conversation comes from Jess was getting her nails done over the weekend and telling people what happened, Jess. Yeah, so I was getting my nails done in Jersey City. You know, nice little design Emini here, nail salon.


And the lady who was doing my nails, she is the owner and she's been doing nails for over 40 years. And she was saying that the tariffs are affecting her faster than she thought they would because she's running out of inventory and she orders her stuff, but she don't know when it's coming. It is high as hell. And you know, even when they do pay, it's not even only the price gouging like the price increase, it's, it takes a long time to get here. So she was saying like, she don't know how long she's gonna be open, how, how much longer she'll be open because she doesn't wanna increase her prices and you know, that's gonna make her lose clientele. She been, she had 20 year, 30 year clients and she just, she don't want to, she's gonna have to, but she says she don't want to.


She was so devastated and it was nobody in there. It was nobody. It was a nice big shot. But I had to get my nails short with the overlay because she didn't have like any tips. Y'all know, like my nails long, she didn't have any tips, she didn't have a lot of colors. She had ran outta stuff. Wow. So she did what she could on my nails. I still like supported her. Well it's saying that some of the major things that are be gonna growing up, that it affect everybody is first and foremost clothing. They said the largest American retailer source apparel from China, an Asian country. So footwear and, and clothing are, are gonna shoot up. They also said toys. So they said almost 80% of the toys sold in the US are imported from China.


So that's gonna be going up as well. They said seafood is gonna be going up because of the tariffs. Excuse me. Yes. Seafood And Sheen Sheen hiked their prices, their US prices as much as 377% ahead of tariff increases. And that's the sad part about a lot of this stuff, man. Like how many of these corporations are gonna hike their prices just because they're greedy and they can blame the hike, the price hike on tariffs And Charlemagne is something that probably affect you nuts. He nuts. Nuts are Going up. Yeah, I do. I do. I love, I love honey roasted cashews. Yeah, they Saying a lot with the, with the tariffs. They saying a 40 a 46% tariff on Vietnam will definitely hurt people that are, are heavy heavily into nuts.


So I know nuts Come from Vietnamese, Emini here come from Vietnam. Yeah. They said it comes from nuts and also Brazil. Brazil and Vietnam where we get a lot of our nuts from, You know where gay comes from? It comes from Queens. That's why it's called Queens. That's why that, that, that's why that Envy is a queen from Queens. But oh, and next, next, next hour is our next topic. Was there a time you thought you were gay? We're gonna talk about That. Oh my God, I love that. What are you talking about? So, so envy. Get ready to tell your story because if you don't I will. There's No, there's no tariffs on gay, sir, but coffee and rice and wine and spirits they're saying are, are gonna be affected as well. Damn. What do we have in America? Like damn it just, this also lets you know how heavily we depend on other countries as well.


Absolutely. God damn. We don't, we don't, we can't get our own nuts. We ain't got no American nuts. Well, American, That's because, that's because, and just my personal opinion, America focuses too much on celebrity. I really do. I I feel like America's obsession with celebrity is what led to, you know, a celebrity being in the White House. And that's the type of things that people focus on. Like what actual skills do we teach people in this country? Exactly. No, you're right. And we have to get back to, to the trades, like you said, we have to make sure that we, we, it's not just, I know I, I love college. I graduated from Hampton University salute to all my four year schools. But also, like you said, we gotta get back to welding, hvac, electrical, automotive. We have to get back to those trade schools. We, we have to salute the Lincoln Tech by the way.


But we gotta get back to those trade schools. Salute the Jordan the welder. Jordan the welder was at the Black Effect podcast festival this weekend. Man. You know, we love Jordan. Jordan is a young woman who, speaking of trade, she's a, she's a welder. That's right. That's right. And she and, and Jordan ain't, I ain't gonna say she, you know, everybody need a little bit extra cash, but she ain't hurting for no money. That's Right. Yeah. Hello. Who's this? Hey, good morning dj. NVO You doing? My name is Kumar. What's up Kumar? Talk to us. How, how are other tariffs affecting you brother? Oh man, it's been affecting me and my family business. You know, we're not, we're not getting a lot of customers. Secondly, I teach welding at a trade school. Oh, Okay. So a lot of the budgeting and stuff is being allocated for different stuff over material error, not good because they're buying materials for students.


So it's not been good for us. Yeah. A lot of people are actually pushing things aside. Like if they were gonna do something for their house or do something extra, they're just waiting. Now they're holding onto the money 'cause they don't know when that money is gonna be needed and when it's not. When it's not gonna be coming in no more. So if people wanna do things, they, they just gotta hold off a little bit, which is I'm sure affecting you guys a lot. Yeah, No, absolutely. I used to teach at a school that you're familiar with Lincoln Tech. That's my, my school SLU to Lincoln Tech. Yeah, we we're, we're up there in awa and I know it's been rough, you know, getting material and stuff because of the tariffs, but Yeah. Yeah. So well salute to Lincoln Tech again, actually my car's at the AWA campus, but salute to Lincoln Tech.


I remember, man. Yeah you were, you were throwing out about two old school cars. I think a Chevy 70. Chevy 67 Corvette, or 67 Pontiac, GTO. They're both there. Yeah, but they, they're great man. They're nice. Thank you brother. Yeah, man. Bless. Have A good one. Hello, who's this? Hey dj, my name's Kayla. How you doing? Hey Kayla. Good morning. How has the tariff affected you? They whooping my ass with my already because I tried to order a specialty made wig from Unit United because Unite has a Brooklyn like location. But if it's pre-made, of course you it's like regular. But I tried to order like a specialty made one that was like chocolate brown and it was like real long, like 32 inches and they tried to add 55 on top of regular taxes on top Of that.


You know what's crazy, Lauren is in here with a short wig this morning too, for the exact same reason. So no, she Is not, she cut her Long, get shorter, don't had to get shorter. This had to get shorter wigs. That's crazy. What they, what they ain't tell you that Jess was in the back actually cutting Lauren's wig because it's so expensive. We gotta get these, just gotta do a couple jobs now. I hate This school So day And I transfer, you know what? What you mean Something the way, the way I'm about to just order these regular ass wigs outta Brooklyn. I'ma have, why am I wearing, Damn, What does a regular as wig outta Brooklyn look like? The Rig, the wig that sit next to you every morning. Damn. Pretty much. Pretty much.


You ate that serious. Thank you Boy. I ain't Gonna let y'all talk about Lauren Wig like that now. Enough's enough. Don't, That is not Lauren Wig. We talking about Wig The one he had on like the other week That was from, that was from Lauren. People That was from the store in Brooklyn. Sweetie Chill. You know what else though? I love having these conversations. Thank you Kayla. I love SL Te Kayla. I love having these conversations because we live in an era where nobody wants to show their struggle. Like social media has everybody wanting to look rich. So you never going really know how real it is out here in these streets. That's right. Right. Unless people tell you. Right? Hmm. Well 805 8 5 1 0 5 1. We're asking how are the tariffs affecting you?


Let's discuss. It's The Breakfast Club. Good morning. If y'all talking about it, you know we talking about it. It's topic time. Call 805 8 5 1 0 5 1 to join into the discussion with The Breakfast Club. Morning Everybody. It's DJ nv, just Hilarious. Charlemagne the guy. We are The Breakfast Club. If you're just joining us, we're talking about how are the terrorists affecting you. Now this conversation comes from Jess. She was out and about getting her nails done and you spoke to a one of the nail shop owners and what did she tell you? She was saying that her inventory is so low because she doesn't know when she's going her stuff is gonna be delivered.


Not only is it high like it, it's increased in price, but it takes long to get her inventory. She's been waiting for like, I think like a month. Wow. For her stuff. So she ran out of nail polishes, nail files and like things for pedicures. She can only do like, she really couldn't even gimme a damn pedicure. Well, she couldn't complete the service. I wanted my, my nails done and my toes done. But she didn't have certain things and she just didn't want to be a disservice. She didn't wanna do a disservice. So she was like, I'm sorry, I understand if you don't wanna get your nails. And I said I will just to support you. But she didn't have tips for her nails. She ran out of acrylic and it's just really, really sad 'cause she was damn near in tears in there. Let me ask you a question. She not even gonna, she not even gonna be able to afford to give you a hookup for shouting her out this morning.


Next time you Go it is okay. It is totally okay. I gave her a big tip. I just, you know, basically like a nice donation. But I don't even know if that will help her because that ain't gonna make her stuff come. I was gonna ask you, you know, speaking to other comedians, I know your shows are sold out, but are other comedians having a hard time selling out shows 'cause people don't want to go out anymore? Absolutely. Because a lot of DJs have been hit being saying that their clubs are not packed. That it's hard for them to get, you know, jobs because people are not going out. They're not spending that extra money at the club buying drinks and things like that. Yeah, no, it definitely affects the tour season for sure. And then not for nothing. Everybody is on tour now. I've never seen so many people on tour at once. You know, you got from artists to comedians to everything and then it's a lot of festivals and DJs, Emini here, you know, like car shows.


It's a whole lot of like a host of events going on and people gotta figure out, okay, this ticket is 35. That's right. You know, all right, if I can do this And I won't be able to go to this show and you know, so it is definitely a lot, even in my own experience with me selling out shows it takes longer to sell them out. It Yeah, I I sell them out but it just takes so much longer. I remember I used to sell out shows making one video about where I'm going be and that that just do numbers and it be sold out before I get there. But now it sells out right before, or it, it still be a couple tickets away from being sold out. Can I say can, can you brother say something real quick? What? I just wanna say something. I just wanna say something to all the DJs and all the comedians who, you know, nobody's coming to their shows.


Wasn't nobody coming to your shows before these damn tar Cut it out. Okay, that's drive cut it out The World festival and now you, you coming in the comedian. No, I'm just saying some of y'all wasn't getting no sold off shows before these times. Now I know it's a good excuse to use but cut it out. You know why you right. Y you no I ain't gonna, you know your ass ain't silent but Yeah. Period. Hello? Who's this y'all? So f Hey man, this is Boone from, from the 8, 4 3. Hey. Hey. Morning. Morning brother. What's happening? Morning, how you Doing? I'm doing great this morning. Doing great on 5 26. Headed to the port. Trying to check these boxes. Turned in for the day. Oh you a long Truman Tariff.


Don Destroy? Yes. No, I'm a long Truman. I pulled containers man. Okay, So how did tariffs affect you? Man, it, it's killing us down here man. We was doing easily 30 boxes a a week. Now it's down to maybe four boxes and right now the board is showing empty. No more work. Damn. I guess I'm going home. Mm. Wow. Damn Jesus. Yep. Thank you for calling my brother. Nothing going On right here man. Like, like it used to be 'cause like like two months ago we was getting like 2000 boxes a day. Mm. Hey I need y'all to know elections have consequences. Okay. We just approaching the first a hundred days and look how people talking. So That in, so that also affects the employees at the ports.


Yeah, absolutely. Yeah. 'cause if ain't nothing coming in, they Ain't got nothing. No doing jobs. Yeah. And these companies gonna have to start laying people off that. Wow. Crazy man. Hello, Who's this? Hey, this is Ashley. Hey Ashley. Good morning. How have the tariffs affected you mama? So I work in healthcare, I work with children, I'm a provider and it's affecting medical devices and getting these to children because now the prices are just gonna go up and then that's gonna be put on families. Things like when children are born, they have abnormal hearts devices to where device is the heart.


Hey, what up y'all? It's DEJ Envy. The first few months of 2025 have been quite a year. Work deadlines, group chats, you can't escape. And your weird cousin's latest overshare. It's a lot. But here's some good news. You don't have to bring that stress into your car. The all new Nissan Murano is your piece on wheels, thanks to its available features. Imagine sliding into the relaxing, massaging seats that feel like they were made to melt your tensions. Taking the skyline views that let sunlight pour in and watch as your day brightens. I have a special playlist that always gets me right. And with the bows premium sound system, you too can vibe like you're at your own private concert. Plus with your 64 color personalized lighting option, you can set the mood any way you want. Be it romantic chill, or in a straight up do not disturb mode. Let the Nissan Murano be your oasis in a chaotic world because sometimes the greatest rush isn't rushing at all. Drive the all new Nissan Murano today. Panoramic moonroof, ambient lighting, bows and massaging. Leather appointed seats are optional features.


Some of the best memories aren't just about where you are, it's about who you're with, your crew, your day ones, the folks who always got your back, the ones who turn the most random moments into inside jokes you'll be laughing about for years. And now sharing Coke is making those moments even sweeter This time. It's not just about sharing a Coke with one person. Nah, it's about sharing with the whole squad. Because what's better than drinking an ice cold Coke sharing one with the people you love most. Whether you're kicking it at the cookout, vibing at the game, pre-gaming before a night out, or just hanging out and catching up. There's a Coke with your name or better yet your nickname on it from friend bro bestie girl to classic names like Sarah Riley and David. These cans and bottles are all about your people, but it's bigger than just having a name on a can. It's about uplifting your friends and celebrating real connections. It's about appreciating the moments that matter, the road trips, the late night talks, the big wins, even the Ls we take together. It's about the little things, the inside jokes, the group chats, the remember that time went, moments that turn into the best stories because Coke is here for all of it. To make sure you enjoy those moments with the people who matter most. Because sharing a Coke isn't just about what's in the bottle. Nah, it's about the laughs, the love and the connections that keep us together. So go on, grab a Coke for everybody, raise it up and turn a regular day into a memory. But don't wait too long because these limited edition cans and bottles won't be around forever. So next time you're with your people, don't miss your chance to share a Coke because the best moments are meant to be shared.


Hey fam, if you're like me, you're thinking about how to level up in your career. Maybe you're fresh outta college, just started in your field or even looking to switch things up and find your true calling. Whatever stage you're in, remember that this is your time to grow, to learn, and to build something that lasts. State Farm understands the early career development is key to long-term success. They've been a steady presence in our communities and they know that having the right support early on can make all the difference. State Farm is there to help you make smart moves and to help you get the coverage you need. We all know the journey to success is a marathon, not a sprint. It's about staying focused, staying grounded, and making sure you're protected every step of the way. Let's build our careers with confidence knowing that State Farm is there to support us just like they've always been because like a good neighbor State Farm is there. Find out more at State Farm dot com.


Top Reasons technology pros wanna move to Ohio. A thriving tech industry with high paying jobs for programmers, developers, database architects and more. Ohio is the silicon heartland with the top tech brands and thousands of startups too. Shorter commute times mean more time for you and since your dollar goes further in Ohio, it's like a cheat code for success. The tech career you want and a life you'll love. Have it all in the heart of it all. Learn more@callohiohome.com


Or things with their brain to help stop. Wow. Hmm. I'm Sorry about, it's gonna help me affect them. Wow. Well thank sorry. And I Know that even for my patients too. Yeah, even some my patients too. I live in Texas so some parents even drop their kids off and and leave because they're worried something may happen but they still want their children to be taken care of. We should not live in a country where people have to, you know where people can't afford to live. I know. We, we listen to what I'm saying. We, we say afford to live. I'm talking about those people. She's talking about Yes. Literally life and death, right? Because of their health situation they can't afford to live.


Yeah, but you know, you know it, it is crazy 'cause it affects it all the way around. Like I know somebody who, you know, I was, you know, I always talk about when I get my physical and all my friends, I tell him like, yo, you need to get your physical, you need to get your physical. He was like, yo, I can't. And I'm like, why? He was like, because the cost of everything is so far up. He was like, I can't even afford to pay my copay when I go. He was like, I gotta, you know, he was like, so I gotta wait a little bit. And I'm like, damn. I'm like, well you know, how much is the copay? Because he can't afford it. Yeah. He has to do all these odd jobs to make sure he can put food on the table. And he said everything's is is shot up in price. That's right. And you know, envy also started a little side business where he's giving people prostate exams. You know what Emini here and a lot of his homeboys, you can't Give prostate exams And Envy's doing it. And you're not certified.


You're not even certified. I only get it to Charlemagne. You ain't never gave me one, but I don give it to Charlemagne a lot is crazy. Yeah, that's what he been telling all 'em friends that can't afford physicals. Let give you a little quick prostate check. So, because I know what to Do, you shut Uhuh. Yo, what's the moral of the story? The moral of the story is, man pray. That's all I can Tell. Got. And the, and but all jokes aside, like what you said, I know you weren't joking about praying, but what you said, every election has its consequences. That's that's right. That's literally the moral of the story. That's right. That's crazy man. That's right. All of this is directly due to the actions of President Donald Trump. And this ain't even no partisan thing I'm talking about. If you are an American, you will be affected by the things that he's done.


So, you know, you gotta give him the credit. Mm. Because because when things go wrong, he gets the credit. When things go right, he gonna get the credit. So That's right. Right now things are going very wrong. That's right. Alright, well when we come back, we have the latest with Lauren Now Lauren, what we talking about? Yes we do. So I know we talked about Shado Sanders earlier this morning, but did y'all see the video going viral of him and Shenseea from the draft day? They saying it might be a little thing. Oh, that's my gr mm we gonna talk about it. All Right, we'll get to that next. It's The Breakfast Club. Good morning. Morning everybody. It's D EJ Envy, Jess. Hilarious. Charlamagne the guy. We are The Breakfast Club again. I just wanna salute to all the dance studios, especially all the black dance studios. A lot of times when I'm in these, the, you know, the the dance competitions, we don't see too many black dance studios.


So when I see 'em, I just like to recognize 'em. There's one in Brooklyn, one in Union, New Jersey. I don't know the names, I wrote the names down but I forgot it at home. But I just wanted to salute them. They know who they are. I'm sure they're listening. But they do a, a terrific, amazing job doing what they do and bringing the actual culture on that stage. Because a lot of times when you, when you see the girls dancing on that stage, it's what they think the culture is. But when you have those black dance studios, they are indulged in a culture where that's what where it was one was called Island Gals. Island Gals out in Union New Jersey. They killed it. Yeah. Like had maybe about 20, 30 girls aging from six to I would say 15. And them girls are killing it. All types of dances. And they're doing ballet, they're doing tap and they're doing hip hop.


So I just wanna see salute to all the, the dance studios out there. Y'all put a lot of effort and time And I appreciate it. That's like all Sal whole Life. Yeah, It is whole lifestyle. It Is. It is. Yes. You said you, you said you heard Coco Jones album. Why not more this weekend, right? Absolutely. Yes I did because I I saw you say that in the group chat. You were saying it was dope, It really was dead and Ke Glock's album. Well, ke Glock's whole album did not drop yet, but he got three songs that he put out and it is a Lititz. I like all of them. It's no sweat. 3:00 AM in Tokyo and the Grinch he dropped. Oh, those are hard Tracks. Yeah, Those are hard. Crazy. But yeah, why not more? I listened to Coco Jones whole project man. And she's offering like what she's giving on the album.


It's dope. I ain't heard it from her before. So Yeah. Not saying that, you know, not discrediting her earlier music, but this is a different cocoa and is is more mature and salt tree and it's, it is something that you can do your makeup to all the girls. This is like, she got some, some, some anthems. Well Drop food bombs for Cocoa Jones because Yeah. You know, you know, over the weekend I saw people, you know, talking about how, and the, I was saying how Def Jam didn't send the album. Yeah. Just make make sure you go scream her album. You know what Emini here, like if, if the people that were upset about that, upset about Def Jam not sending us the album, make sure you go support Her y not More Project. Absolutely. Yes. Don't Going up for her over the weekend on X But you're not, you're not going up if you don't go support the album.


Yeah, you're right. You know what Emini here tweet the comments and hashtags. You're not gonna go. It was, it was reviews of people who had listen To it. Okay. You gotta go support her album. Good, Good. Coco deserves that You album. She me. No, I don haven't got a chance to listen to it yet. Now it's out. You need to late. Listen. Crazy. You saw, you saw the weekend I had, I was in Orlando for my chili competition. I'm in Atlanta with a Black effect podcast festival. Had a lot going on this weekend And I ain't listen to No you only you wanna know. The one song I listened to over and over this weekend, Regina Bell, God is good. I listen to Regina Bell. God is good for two hours on Saturday morning as I was just sitting in my hotel getting ready for the Black Effect podcast. And most People don't know Christina Bell. And most people don't know we usually, well I usually listen to the project's on my way to work.


Got you. Yeah. In car Got you. Gotta drive where you know, there's, there's nobody bothering us. So that's why we asked for the albums early so we could listen to it on the way to work and dive into it. How was the host? Did Wheezy do good? Weezy and Mandy did Fantastic Love Weezy. I know she ate it up up there. I love the those Dropping the cruise bombs for decisions. Decisions. Yes. They did a fantastic job at the Black Effect podcast Festival this past Saturday. Emini here, God two to my guy Louis V He was providing the soundtrack. You know, it was a great, great great event. I Met somebody at the podcast festival who actually went to the Lean on Me School. Y'all And and Yes. And he came up to me. Yes. He came up to me. He said, he said, when we do all that in here, if we gonna do the Joe Clark stuff, we gotta stand on one leg when we sing the song. 'cause that's what Joe Clark used to make them do.


Oh, made them do that. Yes. And he wanted me. Yes. He literally went Jersey Right by you Idea. So that Was based off a real scoring. Yes. Not, you dunno Your Own reference. I did not even know. I just, it's just my favorite Morgan Freeman movie of all time. I didn't know that Joe Clark is a real person. Yes. All that. What happened? He said, if y'all gonna do it, do it justice. He used to make us stand on one leg and sing that song so that we understood whatever we were getting in trouble for. Damn. That makes the movie even more impactful for me. Now I did not know that. That's what's Up. Yes. Yeah. I think it's based off a school in Patterson Patterson, New Jersey. Mm. I Believe and it's New Jersey. Did Not know that. All right, let's get to the latest with Lauren. Lauren Becoming a straight, fast Off Man. She gets them from somebody that knows somebody. She the details.


I'm the home girl that knows a little bit about everything. She be having the latest on the latest when Lauren la sometimes she have facts, sometimes she have details, sometimes she have a little bit of everything. Oh, It's the latest On The Breakfast Club. Okay y'all. So over the weekend when Shado was celebrating his draft weekend, even before he was drafted, so this was after the first round and he did not get drafted. He had already had celebration set up. Right. So they celebrating and there's video that surfaced after this of Shenseea, who is a Jamaican artist at the celebration. She's sitting on the couch next to Shado. They're talking, there's no like physical interaction like no PDA or anything like that.


But they aren't, it it, you're looking like, why is she there? Like it was a random and it's, that's a private celebration as we know. Right. So people started having a conversation about whether they were dating or not and people, you know, felt like for him not to get drafted that first night in front of Shenseea because how gorgeous she is and how fine she is is like, they're like, yo, it's gonna make him go even harder. Right. Just making jokes or whatever. So that was like a big thing. Then they started having a conversation about her age and his age. 'cause she's 28 and he's 23. So then they started debating about if she's too old to be with him and blah blah blah. So I reached out to a source close to Shenseea because I wanted to know, number one, are they even dating before we get into this conversation of age or whatever. I'm told that they are not dating. What I'm told is that he had a bunch of different girls come in for the celebration weekend.


You know, just to kind of not, I wouldn't even say promo, but just to be a part of like the vibes and stuff of the weekend. CIA's role. Actually she was a lead girl that first night. If he would've been drafted, she was supposed to hand him that hat off of the shelves of hats that he had for the school that selected Emini here. The team that selected him, he didn't get drafted. She ended up staying for the weekend because she had already planned to be there for the weekend because it was supposed to be a whole celebration for the remainder of the weekend. They met that day, that draft day, the first day was the first time the they I'd ever met. Now whether Sparks and flew or not when she, you know what, Emini here met 'em in person. I have no idea. But that I know of. At that time they were not dating. That was the first time even meeting each other. Mm. She was just sitting on the couch in the celebration. So boom, there's that Jess.


I'm sorry. Yeah, whatever. Because you always building me up to break me down. That that would've been nice. I love, I love cia. I do too. I think she, whoever Has her is a lucky guy. Whoever gets that chance. Lucky guy. Well, speaking of other lucky guys, the Rock and Roll Hall of Fame class of 2025. I like This now. Like this. Those that, that dropped the information of all the, you know, who's gonna be in the 2025 class and Outkast Yes. Is on the list Well deserved. Long overdue, well deserved. Woo. This is the immortal Outkast drop on the clues bombs for Andre 3000 and Big Boy. Come on man. The greatest hip hop group of all time. You know, it is debatable to me between Outkast and Wu-Tang, but most people definitely have Outkast, you know, number one on their list.


Yes, yes. Very well deserving. Like they should be in every, there's not a musical hall of fame that Outkast shouldn't be in. That's right. Yes. And Go ahead And I And Outkast's not the only ones. No, no. There's a full list. So you also have sound garden, Cindy, We Getting there? It's a fool. No, she wanna do sound guard in the white stripe. That's right. No, we don't care about that. Salt and pepper. A food for salt and pepper. Damn Y seasoning. I love them. The great not down. No, no, no. I'm sorry. Is salt and pepper. Salt and pepper is by far the greatest female rap group of all time.


Absolutely. On hold on hands. Okay. You knew he was talking about the group, right? Yes. I I always called, I called them the seasonings. Oh, okay. I thought you really thought that. Like season for hell. No, I don salt pepper. Don't like that. Lauren. Don't even talk about seasonings. When you went to all the unseasoned stuff before you jumped to salt and pepper. I was to the Name list. Y'all Let, you went from Outkast to all the unseasoned to sound guard. This. Your story should have been outcast, salt and pepper. Then we coulda got everything else You could at least did Chubby Checker. I, I oh Chubby Checker got nominated. Yes. How you do sound before a chubby checker? Continue the list. Go ahead. That's what I care about. Yep. Salt and pepper. Chubby Checker and Outkast. Outkast. Well congratulations to them.


Yes girl. And for those of guys, for those of you guys who do not know, in order to be eligible for nomination artists have to be at least 25 years out from the release of their first commercial recording. Inductees are awarded through four categories. Performers whose music, whose music and cultural impact have changed the course of rock and roll. Influential musicians who've innovative styles have prepared cultural change and music excellence, which is an award designated for like writers, producers, and different musicians. I What what, what's the over under on Andre 3000 showing up? Like that should be what draft picks and what's all them other draft draft picks. Sports draft Book. Yeah. Yes. What's the over under on Andre 3000 even showing? I think It'll show up. It's gonna show up for this one.


I think It'll show up for this. Yeah. I I you can't, I don't know. We don't know that. I don show up 3000. He moved to the beat of his own flute. We do not know if Andre thousand the beat of his Own flute And I Oh, Because he plays the flip. But I wouldn't even be mad if you said Cyndi Lauper. Why you went to I didn't said we didn't even know I Did say Cyndi Lauper. You didn't, you missed It. No, you said sound Garden And then I said Cyndi Lopper. You were just so upset that I said sound garden. That you know what Emini here That you said that before. Salt and pepper. Yes. I really want to know if Andre 3000 gonna show up, you gonna show up. Y'all said y'all, y'all say that like that's just a given. Andre do not be beat for these industry shenanigans. Nah, he gonna, he gonna show up. I don't know. Salt and pepper will actually be receiving the musical influencer award during the induction ceremony Very well deserving.


Absolutely. You, you talking about two people who are first ballot Hall of fame music, anything. And if they're not, they should be. That's right. Yes. And that award ceremony will go down November 8th at the Peacock Theater in Los Angeles. Well, speaking of Unseasoned happy birthday to Jessica Alba, Jessica album got seasoning girl. So her so Goya, what you talking About? Oh. Oh, I'm sorry you missed it. It was a skin complexion that got you. Jessica is good people.


She, she actually one of y'all. She Mexican. She's not, she not one of mine. Don't try to. What she mean? I don't own them people. She's not one of mine. Don't do that. Your husband Mexican? Yes. And your baby is happen. What you talking About? I did not know. So Alba, Jessica Alba is Hispanic a little bit. Yes, she's Mexican. She did not know that. Okay, Well shout out to that. I look to Jessica Alba man. Yo, I'm sorry. Shout out. Well shout out to Jess. Alright Jessica. Good people. She is Jessica Alba's good people. Charlamagne. Who giving your donkey to man? Four after the hour, we need Alrich to come to the front of the congregation. We would like to have a word with 'em, please. Albert in sound Spanish to you. Latino. Do you? No. Okay. I don't know that I I didn't know that either.


You didn't know? Just, yeah. No, I didn't know she was, I didn't know what she was. 'cause what you think of her, you think of Riviera, Martinez, Lopez, Armando whatever. Black. What you think of Jackson Johnson. Johnson Moore, Washington. I don know what the hell of McKelvy is. We we your That's Irish. Irish, Irish. Oh, I don know Donkey of the Day. Who giving that donkey to Man? I already told you. Oh we'll do it Next. Let's the breakfast. You chicken out The Breakfast Club Donkey of the Day. Damn. The he haw again. It's time for Donkey of the Day. I ain't trying to be donkey today no more. They Should be embarrassed by what they already did. I didn't. I'm not making these people do these things.


They called Donkey of the Day and it really caught me off guard. Damn Charlamagne. Who got the Donkey of the Day today? Well, Jess, Hilarious donkey today for Monday, April 28th goes to Jacks Albridge. Who is Jacks Albridge? Well he's the son of Atlanta Falcons defensive coordinator. Jeff Albridge. Now over the weekend he did something that was absolutely hilarious. Okay. Stupid. Which is why he's getting donkey today, but hilarious nonetheless. See we all watched Shado Sanders slide in the 2025 NFL draft. He was eventually drafted by the Cleveland Browns in the fifth round, dropping a cruise bomb for Shado Sanders. Sidebar. I loved the way Shado handled the whole situation.


All he kept doing the whole time he wasn't getting drafted with give all glory to God. He kept saying this is God's plan. And he accepted whatever was happening in his life at that moment. I loved that drop on a close ball for Shado once again. But Jacks took it upon himself to pretend to be an NFL general manager. And prank calls your door sand doing this whole thing. Let's listen. What? Hello, this is Mickey Loomis here, the the G of the New Orleans Saints. How you doing? Good, how are you man? Good. Been Waiting on you. Yeah, we have, but it's been a long wait man. We're gonna take you to our next creek right here, man.


Yeah. Yes sir. Let's be legendary. Yeah, but you're gonna have to wait a little bit longer, man. Okay. Sorry about that. What does that mean? Are you gonna ask us what it mean? And you was on the phone. You heard that He said you're gonna have to wait a little bit longer. First of all, hilarious. Okay. Very, very well played. You gotta give it to him. What a way to meet the moment with a joke. If I had access to Shea's personal number or whatever number he was using on draft day, my mind might have went to doing something like that too. At that age. Jack Obert is 21. But the reason I'm giving Jacks the credit he deserves for being stupid is because of who his father is.


His father is Jeff Alrich, defensive coordinator for the Atlanta Falcons. Right now, as I speak, the NFL is reviewing Jeff's role in the Shado Sanders prank call. The Falcons said they won't be taking any action against Jeff, but the NFL said they have been in contact with the Falcons and they are reviewing the matter. And this is the issue. See, Jax, you didn't take into consideration how this could impact your daddy because of who he's, and that is something we all need to remember when we do things, who around me will this impact? Who around me will this affect? Okay, Jackson. If you was just some 21-year-old kid who pranked called Sha door, I'd be like, whatever. But your daddy is in the NFL. Okay? He's defensive coordinator for the Falcons.


Now we know where you got the number from. Okay? I'm not saying Daddy gave it to you, but you clearly have been privy to some inside information. And that's exactly what happened. Jack's unintentionally came across the draft contact phone number, which he found in an open iPad while visiting his parents' home. Now you now you done made things hot for your daddy for no damn reason. You know how the internet works, okay? Or maybe you don't. So let me explain. Jack's, you're white, okay? Caucasian. There the narrative and the narrative is people already think that white people, owners, executives, coaches in the NFL are colluding against Shado to humble him and his father, Dion Sanders, because they don't like confident secure black men.


That's the narrative. So when the son of a defensive coordinator in the NFL pranks sha door like that, and you hear Shado say, nobody has this number, it puts fire on the flames of all the conspiracy theorists because you like, oh, they really playing with Shado, the son of an NFL defensive coordinator prank called Shado. Everybody with a tinfoil po sheisty mass, who thought this was a conspiracy. You can't tell them nothing after this. You confirmed their suspicions jacks and you made it hot for your daddy for no damn reason. Now, Jax did apologize on Instagram. Let's go to NBC 11 live news for the report please. I'm Sure you saw the shocking video over the weekend of Shahir Sanders being prank called the callers, posing as the SAN general manager leading sure to believe that he was being drafted by the Saints.


Well, turns out one of the kids involved is the son of Falcon's defensive coordinator Jeff Ulbrich. The Falcon's confirming today that Jax Ulbrich came across the contact information on his father's unlocked iPad. Jeff Ulbrich did not know about any of this until the prank call came to light. The Falcons have apologized to Shadur and his family. The Falcons went on to say we have also been in contact with the NFL and will continue to cooperate fully with any inquiries we may receive from the NFL League office. We are thoroughly reviewing all protocols and updating if necessary to help prevent an incident like this from happening again. Now, Jack's actually released an apology on Instagram this afternoon.


He says he called Shadur on Sunday to apologize. Jack's also says what he did was completely inexcusable, embarrassing and shameful. He says he's sorry he took away from Shara's moment and that it was selfish and childish. Yes. Make sure you apologize to your daddy too, for embarrassing his last name and let the record show they did prank call a couple of other players, but nobody cared about them because Shado was the main attraction for the whole draft. Alright, the NFL Ds to send the Sanders family and edible arrangement or something because I can't remember the last time folks talked about the NFL draft this much, especially after the first round. But the moral of the story is this, you have to understand how your actions affect others.


We always think about how someone is impacted personally. But when you do things, think about how it will impact others, especially those you claim to love. Please give Jax Alrich the biggest. He haw. Matter of fact, let, let let Chelsea handler give Jax Alrich the biggest. He haw, he Haw, he haw. That is way too much Den mayonnaise. All right, well thank you for that donkey day. Yes indeed. Now When we come back, we have the CEO founder and host of the Young Turks, Jen Hugger. He'll be joining us when we come back. So don't go anywhere as The Breakfast Club. Good morning, The Breakfast Club.


Morning everybody. It's DJ Envy, Jess, Hilarious Charlamagne, the guy. We are The Breakfast Club. Laura Osis here as well. We got a special guest in the building, the CEO and founder and host of Young Turks Yank Hugger. How you feeling? I'm good. I'm good brother. How you doing? Blessed black and highly favored man. You got this initiative that you're launching, that you're trying to recruit Democrats who lean into left wing populism. You got that right? What does that look like? So that looks like some of what Trump promised. Hey, I'm gonna deliver for the average guy And I hate the establishment, et cetera. But of course he was full of crap and he didn't mean it. And so we sat on the young tourists, his brothers, all he's gonna do is do tax us for the rich, right?


So that's what he did and that's what he, he wants five and a half trillion dollars in tax cuts for corporations, et cetera. So what we're saying is how about we actually deliver for the average guy higher wages, lower drug prices, paid family leave. So you can get a little bit of time off when you have a kid money out of politics and the wars and lower housing prices. But in order to do that, you gotta take on big drug companies. Yeah, you gotta take on private equity that's buying our residential homes and driving up the prices. And so the reason that the Democrats haven't done it in the past is 'cause they're too wedded to the donor clock. Absolutely. And so we're saying let's bring the Democratic Party back to what it was. So what it was was serving the average guy, social Security, Medicare, Medicaid, all these by the way, super popular programs.


So let's go back to passing bills delivering for people and let's get the Democratic Party back in. Kick Trump's ass. You know I Okay, Lauren, I was gonna say what you're talking about is economic populism. Oh yeah, Yeah. That's it. But how realistic is that? 'cause people always say this stuff and then even when they get in a position, it's, there's so much, you gotta fight through so many different tiers of like the house and you know the people that don't agree. So how realistic is it and what does that timeline look like? Because when you're saying it, I don't, I'm not gonna say it in my time here, there's gonna be generation generations. Yeah, Lauren, I love that question. Okay. Because you are right, that's exactly the question everybody should ask. Okay. Because Democrats get in and then they never do it, right? And so I get super frustrated. First thing they took out of the bill, the covid relief bill under Biden was $15 minimum wage.


Now if you do $15 minimum wage, you not only raise people's wages, so the tune of about $92 billion, right? That goes from the richest people in the country, the people who need it the most, who are working, right? But you also raise the wages above that. And then whenever you go to do that, they go, oh no, you can't do that because that'll drive up inflation. No inflation's already here. I need my wages to go up to keep up with it. Right? So why don't we ever pass any of those things? Because the donor class, so look, I, you know, if you're a Democrat, I hate to break it to you, right? So if you're a Republican, I got terrible news for you, okay? But if you're a Democrat, I got bad news, which is that Biden and all those guys, they never meant it. They ne that's why they took $15 minimum wage right outta the bill. So why are we different? A no corporate donors, no candidate is allowed to take corporate PAC money if they're with Rebellion pack.


And so, so far we got Hanana, the first guy who said no corporate PAC money at all. And he's awesome. And he's the one that worked with Bernie to get $15 minimum wage at Amazon. And when they first started that they're like, oh, you're not gonna be able to pressure Amazon. You don't have any power. What are you guys gonna do? You progressives, you know, you're always rabble-rousing. And guess what, they got $15 minimum wage at Amazon, right? Yeah. So Roseman delivering throughout. Now we got Richard Ojeda running in North Carolina nine. That brother almost beat somebody in West Virginia when he was down 50. When? That's a r plus 54. So what? But when we get in Lauren, if we don't deliver like Sierra, I'll put the first one up on the board, paid family leave. So that's 12 weeks off for moms after they have a baby.


I've had to use that. Yeah. Well I didn't have a baby, but my mom was sick, so I had to use paid family leave. Yeah. And but you know that 85% of Americans don't have paid family leave. I don't know What would've did without it. Yeah, Emini here, that's crazy not to happen. You gotta go back to work the next day or you gotta burn all your vacation time, all your sick time. It's so unfair. So that pulls at 84%. What that means is the Democrats and Republicans are full of crap. If you can't pass something that's at 84%, you are not trying. Okay? So what we're gonna do if we win is we're gonna try and we're gonna try like hell, and we're gonna take out whoever's in our path, whether they're Republicans or Democrats. So if they want to come cry about it, no problem. We're populous, we're ready to kick their ass. So it's not like, oh yeah, like the old days, I'll go, we'll be so kind to our colleagues.


Our colleagues are so precious. No, your colleagues aren't that precious. They're the ones who killed all these bills. So I demand accountability for our candidates. I'll do the accountability. If they throw any of these bills under the bus, then we're gonna kick 'em outta the group. But they're not going to, 'cause they're great guys and we got another guy coming on May 1st too. I, I think everything that you're saying is great. I just feel like it's four years too late. And what Emini here by that is we're talking as if we're in normal times, as if the midterms are just gonna come and we're just gonna go vote and you know, put the people in or 2028 is just gonna come and we're just gonna go vote. They're already telling us what they're planning to do. They want Trump to run for a third term. I just don't think, I don't think these normal ways of doing things are gonna be able to combat what is currently in the White House.


And I don't think we understand that yet because it's just talk. Yeah. When they actually do the things that they say that they're doing, that's when everybody's gonna realize like, oh wait, so we don't have free fair elections no more. Yeah. So Sean, me co. Couple of layers to that, right? So first off, we're the only ones as far as I can see that's actually got a plan, right? So like, And I encourage everybody else, like, if you don't like our plan, great. If you're a Democrat, come on with a different plan, right? And then plant your flag like we're doing and say, Hey, you know, I'm for this or I'm for that. And we're saying we're for economic politic and we're gonna win back Congress. So step one, in beating Trump and also taking over the democratic parties, you gotta win these elections If they're free and fair elections, Right? So now Charlemagne to the point you're making.


So why were you And I opposed to Trump? We were opposed to 'em because we were worried that he was gonna do authoritarian crap like this. That's right. Why did you And I worry about Joe Biden, not because we hate Joe Biden, but because we were worried he was gonna lose to Trump. That's right. Right? That's right. And unfortunately we were right about all of that, right? So, okay, now what's the next step? So I've gone on every kind of show. So I'm here on Breakfast Club, but I've gone on, you know Patrick, but David and Tim Pool and David PackMan, and Brian Tyler Cohen. So every left, right? Everything in between, right? Breaking points, et cetera, right? So what I see from the right in that is some of them are hardcore MAGA guys. And if Trump says, and the Constitution, they'll light it on fire, but half of them are just bros. And they're like, wait, why are we burning the constitution?


I thought we were f in favor of the Constitution. So you're beginning to see that when I first said that, people were like, oh, get outta here. There's no way every Trump voters a racist, they fascists, et cetera. But wait. And then all of a sudden Trump burns up the stock market and Dave Portnoy, who supported Trump, is out there going, what the hell? I just lost $20 million. Okay? I don't like this. I don't like this. And I don't blame him. You know, I don't, I don't have the 20 million to lose, but I know I'd be mad. Okay, so that's financial. You go to Rogan and Rogan's like, wait, wait, wait, wait. What? What are we getting ready to due process for? Why are we locking people up without even bringing them to a court? What part of that is America? And it isn't America, right? You got Candace Owens talking about them taking away freedom of speech.


Yeah. Yeah. So and and look, you're seeing on behalf of Israel, they're snatching up people off the streets. And so that's Emini here. It doesn't get any more cancel culture than I'm gonna arrest you with mass men.


Hey, what up y'all? It's DJ Envy. The first few months of 2025 have been quite a year. Work deadlines, group chats, you can't escape. And your weird cousin's latest overshare, it's a lot. But here's some good news. You don't have to bring that stress into your car. The all new Nissan Murano is your piece on wheels, thanks to its available features. Imagine sliding into the relaxing, massaging seats that feel like they were made to melt your tensions. Take in the skyline views that let sunlight pour in and watches your day brightens. I have a special playlist that always gets me right. And with the Bows premium sound system, you too can vibe like you're at your own private concert. Plus with your 64 color personalized lighting option, you can set the mood any way you want. Be it romantic, chill, or in a straight up do not disturb mode. Let the Nissan Murano be your oasis in a chaotic world because sometimes the greatest rush isn't rushing at all. Drive the all new Nissan Murano today. Panoramic, moonroof, ambient lighting, bows and massaging. Leather appointed seats are optional features.


Some of the best memories aren't just about where you are, it's about who you're with, your crew, your day ones, the folks who always got your back, the ones who turn the most random moments into inside jokes you'll be laughing about for years. And now share a Coke is making those moments even sweeter This time. It's not just about sharing a Coke with one person. Nah, it's about sharing with the whole squad. Because what's better than drinking an ice cold Coke sharing one with the people you love most. Whether you're kicking it at a cookout, vibing at game night, pre-gaming before a night out, or just hanging and catching up. There's a Coke with your name on it, or better yet, your nickname on it from friend bro bestie and girl. It's a classic. Names like Sarah Riley and David. These cans and bottles are for your people, but it's bigger than just having a name on a can. It's about uplifting friends and celebrating real connections. It's about appreciating the moments that matter, the road trips, the late night talks, the big wins, and even the Ls we take together. It's about the little things, the inside jokes, the group chats, the remember that time when moments that turn into the best stories because Coke is here for all of it. To make sure you enjoy those moments with people who matter most. Because sharing a Coke isn't just about what's in the bottle. No, it's about the laughs, the love, the connections that keep us together. So go on, grab a Coke and raise it up and turn a regular day into a memory. But don't wait too long because these limited cans and bottles won't be around forever. Next time you're with your people, don't miss your chance to share a Coke because the best moments are meant to be shared.


Hey fam, this is Carlos Miller from the 85 South Show. If you're like me, you are always thinking about how to level up your career. Maybe you're fresh outta college, just starting in your field or even looking to switch things up and find your true calling. Whatever stage you're in, remember that this is your time to grow, to learn, and to build something that lasts. State Farm understands that early career development is the key to long-term success. They've been a steady presence in our community and they know having the right support early can make all the difference. State Farm is there to help you make smart moves and to help you get the coverage you need. We all know that the journey to success is a marathon, not a sprint. It's all about staying focused, staying grounded, and making sure you're protected every step of the way. Let's build our careers with confidence, knowing that State Farm is there to support us just like they've always been because like a good neighbor, State Farm is there. Find out more at State Farm dot com.


Top reasons advanced manufacturing. Pros wanna move to Ohio. So many advancement opportunities for technicians, machinists, managers, operators, and more. How about a powered up paycheck and an amped up career plus the energy of big time sports and after work? Plenty of ways to unplug the career you want and a life you'll love. Have it all in the heart of it all. Build your future@callohiohelm.com.


I'm gonna deport you. Emini here. That's canceling your life, right? And so they cancel their diplomas, et cetera. So I see all that. But my point to you, Charlamagne, is that you'd be surprised at how many other people see that. So, so he came in at around 50%, which is as high as he's ever been. Boom. Last poll out, he's down to 40, opposes 59%. He's already in a 19 point hole and he's going south. So if he goes to cancel elections for example, it's, I wouldn't put anything past him, right? But at that point, it's not just gonna be us on the left and it's not just gonna be minorities, it's gonna be people like Rogan and others who go, nah, no, no, no. We signed up for lower prices. We signed up for closing the border. We signed up for some of the things you And I might agree with or disagree with, but we didn't sign up for this.


But then what happens when he starts locking up the media? Yeah. So look, here's your bellwether, okay? He locks me up. We're in a lot of trouble, okay? But here I am on the front lines. I oppose him a hundred percent. I'm doing a democratic movement to make sure he loses in Congress. I'm Muslim, I'm a huge critic of Israel and I'm a naturalized citizen. Okay? So if anyone's on the front line, I'm at the very, very front of that line and I'm saying come get me. So I'm okay with it. Don't, don't say that. Don't give him a reason. Don't say that. No, my point is though guys, if we all panic, we're not gonna get anything done. I agree with that. Okay, so let's all stay calm. Let's do a plan. I got here I am with a plan to actually take power away from him in 2026.


If you got a better plan, I'm all ears. But what I can't have is no plan. Alright, We got more Jake Huga when we come back. Don't move. It's The Breakfast Club. Good morning. Morning everybody. It's DJ Envy, Jess, Hilarious. Charlamagne the guy. We are The Breakfast Club. Lauren LaRosa is here as well. We're still kicking it with Yank Yuga Lauren. So if, if all goes well and everybody that you want in gets in, y'all able to start moving and doing all these things, there's gonna be times where y'all gonna have to disappoint people. 'cause everything can't happen the way they need to. How do they handle that? 'cause I think that's another thing that happens with Democrats. They make it seem like they're never gonna disappoint and then they do and then they don't know how to come back from it. You said that right now. Trump, his messaging, everything was good, but he's doing horrible when it comes to the tariff tariffs. He's blowing it is what you said.


Yeah. He is sticking to his ground on like, this is what we need to do. We might lose some people in the midst of it, but it'll make for better according to him later. Y'all might have to do that too. Then what happens? 'cause people will say you guys are blowing it at that point. Yeah. So first off, Trump isn't really sticking to what he said. He said global tariffs for everyone. Like we're at ridiculous, comical levels and we're like, what the, I don't mind tariffs. Like you could protect certain industries with tariffs, right? And rebuild manufacturing. So he's not crazy to do some tariffs, right? But when he announced, oh, I'm gonna do like these unbelievable never heard of before. Tariffs all across The World we're all like, what are you doing? That's crazy. Right? So then he took that back and then he had the 145% tariffs on China and we're like, you know what iPhones are gonna cost if you do that.


Then he took that back. So now he's down to still stupid tariffs on China. 'cause they're so gigantic that they're not productive right now. You now flip it back on us. Yeah. Right. So what happens, number one, if we do something wrong. Just like Ana. He's like, Hey, listen, we, we do, we fight for what's right. If it turns out we weren't right, then you bring it back. So there's no shame in saying, Hey, we tried our best, we tried this, and you guys said you didn't love it. So then we're going to next. So why do we pick like those six bills, right? Anti-war money outta politics, et cetera. Because those are super popular. They're all above two thirds. So if our guys getting into Congress in 2026, what we're gonna say is not just Republicans, but Democrats too.


Why are you all preventing a bill that's at 84%? Why are you all such radicals that you're in the 16%? So, because mainstream media will say, oh, paid family leave. That is a radical, progressive idea. Oh no, nobody can pass that. The filibuster. The parliamentarian, right? Yeah. And I'm like, no, no, no, no, no. 16% is radical. 84% is not radical. This whole country wants it. 74% of Republicans want it. Over 90% of Democrats want it. Over 80% of the, the independents want it. Now, if we can't pass something, we're at an impasse. Why? Because the corporate donors are gonna come in, they're gonna buy the mansions and the cinemas, even if they're around, there's gonna be new mansions of cinemas, et cetera. What are we gonna do? We're gonna start calling people out.


So that's what you've never seen in Paul. Yeah, that's right. They don't do that, especially on the Democratic side. No, man, Trump did it. Yeah, that's right. Help do It. And that's, and that's kind of what Emini here by not like he's doing what he said he was gonna do. 'cause he does what he wants. I just mean that like, when some, if he says he wants something and it doesn't go his way, he calls people out. He does, he sends a flares scare tactic. He don't care who he lose in the midst of it. That's what I meant by that. Oh, you are, and Democrats don't do that at all. Like, they play this like pr You can't scare, you can't ruffle a feather. God is good. Everything is love. That's how we handle issues. I tried to get the VP to call out cinema. I tried to get her to call out Manchin. I tried to get all the Democrats to do it. They just would not do it for whatever reason. So I I, I know the reason, and Lauren, that's such, again, a great question, right? Because If We don't call people out, you can't get it done.


So it's like, Trump is terrible on policy, but on strategy, I get it. Right? So like the Democrats say, oh, you can't just intimidate people into voting your way. What do you mean? I just saw Trump do it. I just saw Trump do it like 12 times. That's right. That's right. I, I've seen Trump do it now time and time again. What do you mean you can't do it? No, it's not that you can't do, it's that you don't want to do it. Right? And, and Lauren, they take that like God is good. All that attitude as a cover story. Oh, we're so nice. We're so nice that we can't call out our colleagues. That would be mean. But in reality, they're both taking the same donor money, right? Mainstream media never calls 'em out and Democrats never called them out. We're calling them out, we're calling them out. You hear me saying it about Cinema Mansion, you hear me and Charlemagne talking about Hakeem Jeffries, Chuck Schumer talking about billionaire buddies.


He's like doing talking points like, oh, Republicans, and they're billionaire buddies. Come on, Chuck. Hey, come on. Come on, man. How many billionaire buddies do you have? Exactly right. So if you don't call him out, you're never gonna get anything done. That's the one thing Trump is right about. So let's get our guy in. But that, unlike Trump isn't just for himself, but for once, for once actually looks out for all of us. I, I love this idea. I love what you're doing. I love what David Hodge is doing. I think it's fantastic. You know? Yeah. I just, I tell 'em how to support. Alright? So first of all, rebellion pac.com, since we're not taking corporate money, we need a lot of grassroots donors. Last time for just Democrats, the Young Turks audience raised two and a half million dollars.


Wow. This time let's double it, right? Let's get these guys some real juice and we're gonna get 'em on all the shows and all the podcasts. Get their voice out there. They're not afraid. They're not afraid. They love their message. They want to tell their message. Okay? So rebellion pac.com, but also volunteer, right? And also, if you can't, if you want to, and we've already, I announced it yesterday already, a bunch of people going through the candidate process. So that's how we find folks, but we can't run everybody. You know, you gotta be judicious and you gotta find the best people. So I don't wanna give people false hope. You gotta come correct and you, and you gotta be great, right? But if you are doing that and you're an honest person, rebellion pac.com, we're gonna at least consider you as the Democratic Party wouldn't. Then the other way is just keep up with the Young Turks.


Like we're on on YouTube, six o'clock every night, six to eight o'clock, me and Anna, right? And so we're gonna give news about all the updates and stuff, and then we're gonna, I'm sure have, have amazing people join our advisory board to help us win. Like maybe Charlemagne, Nah, I would, I I play I would do that. Yeah. That, that makes sense. Okay. Yeah, Yeah, yeah, yeah. Let's, let's talk about it. I would love that. Right? Absolutely. And we got some other folks that are interested in joining the advisory board that I think would be amazing. Let's get a wide variety, right? Everywhere, everyone Charlemagne from you to like, I want Harvard Law professor Larry Less, again, he's a godfather of money in politics. Get money outta politics. And so let's get smart, passionate people to actually overcome the system that we have here.


And so, look, if you give up, they win. Absolutely. If you stay on your couch, they win. But if you get up and try, look, protests, I love it. They, it needs a step two. And this is step two, right? Step two is we actually go win and take back Congress. Step three is we go take over the Democratic party and win the country over and actually pass the bills, right? But step one's great. Get in the game somehow, right? Yeah. Makes some noise. Make some noise. Volunteer for Rebellion Pack. Go to protests or you get, you heard somebody's got a better idea. Do that idea. But get in the game because the minute you sit down and lose hope is the minute they win. Tell 'em where to find you, man. So Young Turks on YouTube, six, eight o'clock, you could of course find it on t yt.com as well.


And rebellion pack.com to help this movement, rebellion pack.com, Your Instagram's and all of that. So at Jan Hugger and at the own Turks, and you'll be able to find us on all the platforms. My man, shank, thank you for joining us, brother. Thank You Charlamagne. Appreciate it. Thank you, Lauren. Of course. Great questions. Really appreciate it. Thanks for Combo. This is The Breakfast Club. The Breakfast Club Morning, everybody. It's DJJ Envy, Jess, Hilarious. Charlamagne the guy. We are The Breakfast Club. Let's get to the latest with Lauren. Lauren becoming a straight fish off man. She gets them from somebody that knows somebody, somebody, She gets the details. I'm the home girl that knows a little bit about everything. She be having the latest on Lord the latest with Lauren la.


Sometimes she have facts, sometimes she have details, sometimes she have a little bit of everything. Well, what's the latest on The Breakfast Club? Talk, talk to me. So Diddy y y'all know Charles coming up? Yep. So his lawyers are laying out what kind of his, his big defense will be. So did he recently re rejected a, a plea deal and when he rejected the plea deal, they're arguing that he's a swinger, but he's not a criminal now. Okay, So what was the plea deal? Do we know what the plea deal was? I'm gonna get into it. Just What? Why just laugh. You waiting for you because you knew Justin gonna Laugh. Jesse said You up On this one. I, Okay, so, so Diddy rejected a plea deal that the federal prosecutors offered him.


And now because of this, they're positioning him as a swinger, as I mentioned. Right? So in court on Friday, there was a hearing that happened and it was about a different, a a bunch of different topics. So according to Rolling Stone, they said, the prosecutor said that they did offer him a plea deal, but that he flatly like denied it. He didn't want anything to do about it, do with it. There was no details of the plea deal that came out envy. But it is believed that Diddy was offered one. And people do believe that like Rolling Stone is not like lying about this like this. It's true. But the reason why people was like, it's no way that this is true. Because everybody feels like if he's pushing for court, right? Like I was told he really wants to go to court now. He, he didn't want anything to delay. He's actually happy that that two month hold didn't happen.


Why would he just take a plea deal, get it all over with, and figure out how to, you know, get home off of the plea deal. He's not going on a plea deal. Plea deal. He got plead guilty to something, But Emini here. But you can, depending on what plea deal Was, civilly, he's Not a plea. Don't, we don't know yet. But I will, I'm, I'm trying to figure that out. Depending on what the plea deal was though, it could have been something that like young Thug took a plea deal too and was able To come out and you, and you said it opens him up civilly. Did he open bro, them civil cases is open. What you talking about? He already getting, he already getting sued for hundreds of millions of dollars. You mean opens them up civilly. But if he pleads Guilty, depending on what the deal is, it's, it's almost like if you plead guilty for criminal, it's easier, way easier for civil form. That's how I, That that's not, that's not true. OJ Simpson got found not guilty and still lost in a civil case.


That's Not true. But we're saying if he pleads guilty, depending on what the deal is, and he says yes, they can use that in the civil case. Pleads guilty, they can use it in the civil. But his attorneys, oj, OJ was found not guilty, told two different things. That's Not true because a lot of the, if you notice guilty Criminal Emini here civilly do say You. Yes. And if you notice a criminal, a lot of Diddy's civil cases are getting dismissed because they're not strong. Right. So just because a criminal case could be way stronger than a civil case could. So no, well, In this, whatever that plea deal was and, and the conversations they were having in court on Friday, Diddy's team is arguing that he might have lived a swinger lifestyle, but he's never done anything inappropriate or criminal. And that was coming from the head of his legal team, mark Aglio. Now he said that in the, The World that Diddy lived in as his mogul, this entertainment mogul being a swinger was common.


So basically Diddy is being prosecuted according to his team for something that is a, a common lifestyle. And that's what they're gonna lean into heavily when he goes to court, which may provide some issues only because, you know, there's a conversation around like people saying that they were drugged against their, their will, you know, forcible things that happen to them. So depending on who, and we still don't know, depending on what their evidence is and who they're, who they're gonna have taken the stand that can completely flip. Especially because we know Cassie's gonna be taking the stand. Right. And if this finger lifestyle, which she did engage in at some points, but at some point it turned the other way, she can testify something completely different. Like no, it goes beyond that. So they're taking a gamble at even putting it out there this, this early.


But you gotta kind of lay the foundation. So Y'all may have answered this, you may have answered this question before, but the fact that she settled with him, right? Like I didn't know that that was possible. You can settle with somebody, you can get paid and like you settle with them and then they can still turn around and be a a, a witness. I Didn't know that you, It, it's because she was subpoenaed by a federal court. So like you can have a settlement, but if a federal court is saying criminally federal court Don't care about the settlement. Yeah. Like these, these things happen. Like it's not like it's illegal. Yeah. She was subpoenaed so she kind of didn't really have a choice but to, okay. You know what Emini here, like, because I just Did, I don I I didn't know that work like that, but okay. And Then when you, once you're subpoenaed, she has to tell the truth and if she doesn't she could get in trouble. Yeah, Yeah, yeah.


So yeah, they talked about a bunch of different stuff, but that's gonna be his defense. So we'll see how that works out for him. Now in other news, Ryan Coogler. So Ryan Coogler centers is still, you know what Emini here, thinning inning. Yes. The numbers are still going crazy. Oh, crazy amount of money. So it's earns $45 million in his second weekend. Wow. At the release with ticket sales only ticket sales only falling 6% from the first weekend. It's 48 do $48 million opening, which happened that first weekend. So it's still making numbers. But Ryan Coogler has been doing interviews in a bunch of different ways, like talking about the creative and the photo and the film and how it was shot. We talked about that in here.


But he sat down with a platform and had a conversation about a ton of different things. But they brought up his deal and you could tell he was kind of like over the conversation, let's take a listen. Mm. I'm not the first filmmaker to get any of these deals, you know, and, and, and Warner Brothers is not the first studio to, to, to provide these deals to a filmmaker. You know, so, so like, I, I think that, I think that a lot has been made of, of my deal in particular. I'm not totally sure why, you know, like, like I have, I have my, I have my, my guesses, you know, but, but I, I've been in the industry long enough to know what kind of deals are possible and nothing about this deal is, is, is is a new thing.


Why does he sound like he's defending It though? Ryan. Ryan? He's not, he's not, lemme tell you what Ryan is doing. Ryan is throwing a AlleyOOP. You know why people are making a big deal about this, Ryan? 'cause you're black, right? Okay. And you're black, black, you a black man from Oakland who does not code switch in no way, shape or form. You enter the rooms black, you talk black, you move black. That's why they're making a big deal of it. 'cause they can't believe a nigga got that kind of deal. Was The interviewer asking like in a, in a negative way or, 'cause the interview was, she wasn't asking another a negative way. He was sitting down with democracy now, but she did spend a lot of time breaking down, like this is what they did and this is why it's monumental and this, and he's like, is she white? He basically was on some, yeah, she was white.


He's basically on some type of time. Like, okay, but like, that's what happens. This is business And I, I basically, I handled my business. So what are we talking about? And you trying to figure out, figure it out. She's trying to figure out How it Happened. She just, it it, they're making it seem like it's like Emini here. It is monumental and it's amazing to see. But they're making it seem like he monumentous monumentous. Yes. And he, they're, they're making it seem like, like he changed the trajectory of like how studios are gonna receive money and basically taking money outta their pockets. And like he's changing something when he's like, I I didn't make This up. They can't believe they gave a black man that kind of deal. You mean in 25 years ownership of this movie is gonna go back to this black man, you, you mean to tell me that this black man has first gross rights and this movie has made $161 million worldwide.


So they in the, they in the black now and it's Only been out They in the black now for two weeks. Exactly. That's right. The budget was 90 million for the film and the initial projection when people were hating, they thought they was only gonna make $35. So 90, 90 million for the production budget, you probably put another 30 40 in marketing and promotions and they're at one 60. They they way outta the red. That's right. His point a hundred Percent black. Black, black on black black. Why you just mad at Monumentus? He didn't word because he Never heard of it before. No, I never heard of that word before. You didn't any of that word when you received your honor degree before. I've heard, I've heard monumental, but I've never heard monumentous. Yeah, You can. It's OUS at the end. Great Importance of significance. They don't teach those words in remedial classes.


Yeah. Jess, What? You should relax. Yes I do. Yes I do. Yes I do. And And by the way, Lauren, don't be in here acting like you don't be making up words word all, But that word is so regular. Like I feel like You made a Jaguar. I heard that word Jack. Jack wild. I have no idea why she no Else work. Did I make up? Because I do be just saying stuff. You do. Yes you Do. But I say it with so much conviction that like just Yes, you just, we just let you go eat That. I do at church. So My goodness. Alright, well that is the latest with Lauren. Thank you Lauren. And the fact that envy Googled it, you didn't know it was a goddamn word either, right? Yeah. I was like, why? Shit said monumental. You didn was a word. No, she said it was so much poise though. I knew it was real, it was monumentous. If Lauren don't know a word, she will be like, I don't know it.


She be act like she don't know It. It's a monumental deal. She was like monumentous. I was like Monument. Hold on, hold on, hold on, hold on. Monumentous. I just looked it up. Yes. Monumentous is not a recognized word in standard English dictionaries, despite its use online, it says it's often used as a combination of monumental and momentous, both of which are valid words, which similar meanings. So it's not actually a word. No, my Definition says, although not in all dictionaries, it is a word that yes, it uses the meaning of monumental. I learned the dang word in school y'all. Hello? Yeah. I don't think it's a word. Ain't a real, It's not Damn real word. She Did learn an in Word, different Type. Hold on, I'm gonna send this to the group chat. It literally says apparently monumentous isn't a real word.


Microsoft word doesn't recognize it and dictionaries are saying it's a made up word. Combining monumental and monument and momentous. Yes. That's not a word. You just made that up. That's Delaware. Delaware Education ladies and gentlemen. So someone wonder If you can make up a word and not get in trouble for it. Like, Ty, You know what? So I can't get in trouble. That's not word. Alright man, people's choice mixes up next. Oh my god, it's The Breakfast Club. Good morning, go wake up. Wake up. You're locked into The Breakfast Club. Morning everybody, it's DJ Envy, just hilarious. Charlamagne the guy. We are The Breakfast Club now.


Charlamagne, you are out in in Atlanta this weekend, Man. Salute to everybody who pulled up to the third annual Black Effect podcast festival in Atlanta. Such a beautiful event. You know, I just feel like we're in a time where, you know, we gotta create community. We gotta create safe spaces for each other. And that's what the Black Effect podcast, festival festival, we feeling like just a, a great safe space salute to all the people who hit that stage. The Trap Nerds podcast, good Moms Bad Choices. They had Dika Gates as one of their guests. Trap nerds had Clayton English as their guest as well. Carrie champion with the Naked podcast. She had Aman Shumpert as a guest, cam Newton with Funky Fridays. He had Porsche Williams as a guest tank and Jay Valentine with the RB Money podcast.


They had Jaqui as a guest and the, the, the, the mighty Sarah Jakes Roberts, she had Toya Carter as her guest man. So salute to everybody who hit that podcast stage and we'll see you next, next year in Atlanta for the, for the fourth annual Black Effect Podcast Festival Period. All right, And y'all, and salute the Mandy and Weezy too for hosting the event decision decisions. They did a fantastic job as well. Debbie Brown was there on the panel. My man, Jay Barnett on Debbie, That what Up? Yeah, it was an incredible event, man. Thank you, thank you, thank you to everybody who pulled up. And Lauren was on the panel too. I seen my girl Lauren. Yeah, Lauren hosted a panel. Lauren hosted a panel as well. Salute Lauren. Lauren was sitting in the crowd And I didn't even see Lauren until I was on stage And I was like, why the hell is Lauren sitting in the crowd?


And she was surrounded by studs. So I thought she was being held hostage. No, she, I'm saying one of them studs had a strap on her waist that they, they had it to her hip. Like, don't move. I'm telling you it was Crazy. Relax. No, don't. She was over. She was overwhelmed by the studs. Yeah, she was surrounded by studs. I was like, what's going on? She ain't know how To break away. My goodness. All she gotta do is say my is trash. And they be like, oh no, get the hell on. Oh, all you got do. That's how you get away from a stud telling me is trash. Oh, oh, oh. And I wanna give a special shout out to the event Sounds of Spotlight. I went to an event this weekend on Saturday hosted by my daughter's godfather ic.


He is my Ethiopian brother. And he does these, these, these, these events every now and then. And I'm wearing merch from the, the event and it was like a, like a tribute to Lauryn Hill. It was like a diary of Lauryn Hill. We went from her life behind the music to like everything from where she started to where she is now. And it was just like a deep, deep, deep experience. I loved it. It was very intimate. But he has these events and it allows you to be vulnerable and you know, kind of like a, like find your tribe type thing. You know, he had non-alcoholic beverages there, complimentary wine.


And it's just dope. It gives people who necessarily don't feel, you know, feel heard. It gives them a voice and you know, allow them to share their experiences as it relates to Laury Hill's life and what she was going through behind the camera and everything like that. And it also taught me a lot. I did not know that Lauren Hill was, you know what I'm saying? She was, she was dealing with Y Cliffe, right? And then like I didn't know that he had got married. Why they was dealing with each other. Crazy Say so this, this is one of the reasons I love Jess. Y'all think Jess be on the internet all day, Jess really be in her own world. There's no way you should have known all of this. They didn't tell me. I know. And I call myself a fan.


I literally felt like a stranger to her at the end of the event. I was like, what? Whole time he got murdered. And then look the whole, well I would be telling y'all something y already know. I know. I'm sorry. I had no idea. And I didn't know that she got booed at Apollo. Like, excuse me, that was Lauren Hill And I didn't know that Whitney Houston loved her. Like that was her gr she did not. Yeah, Jersey girls. They both Jersey girls Jersey. I know they both from Jersey, but like oh my God. So now I get the whole, at the award ceremony I don, I forgot what award that was when Whitney announced that there was Laury Hill who received the award and she was Like, it was the Grammys That was lit. I appreciate that Grammy And I did not know And she did get booted the Apollo And I hate that she got booted the Apollo. 'cause people always use that for people who really can't sing. Yeah, yeah.


And people that, people that really can't sing and be getting booed, they'd be like, well always remember Lauren Hill got booted. The Apollo. Yeah. No, but you actually suck. Yes, yes. But you know what? She kept singing and she like, she didn't allow that to stop her. She was singing like they like they wasn't boo. So shout out to me for learning some stuff. Alright, It's time for the positive note. Charlamagne, you got a positive note. I do. And it's simple. We were talking about it during Donkey today, but I just wanna stress to people you need to learn that your affect, your actions do affect other people. People need to learn that their actions do affect other people. So be careful what you say and do. It's not always just about you. Breakfast Club bitches, you, y'all finish or y'all done.


The best moments happen when you're with your people laughing, vibing, just enjoying life. Coke is making those moments even sweeter. Share a Coke is back and it's all about sharing with the whole crew. Doesn't matter if it's your bestie or bro, there's a can with their name on it. So grab one for the squad and make some memories. But hurry, because these Coca-Cola limited edition bottles and cans won't be here forever. Don't miss your chance to share a Coke with all your favorite people.


Toyota is the best resale value brand for 2025 according to Kelley Blue book's kbb.com. And with a wide range of dependable vehicles for any lifestyle, you can get everything you need in a vehicle today while investing in tomorrow. So choose Toyota and choose value shop. Buy a toyota.com for great deals and more vehicles. Projected resale value is specific to the 2025 model year. For more information, visit Kelley Blue book's kbb.com. Kelley Blue Book is a registered trademark of Kelley Blue Book Co, Inc. Toyota. Let's go places.


Top reasons data nerds. Wanna move to Ohio High Paying careers for business researchers, analysts, project managers, and more. So many jobs you can take your pick. What else does the data say? How about a bigger backyard, a shorter commute, and a paycheck that goes further. So crunch the numbers and our world famous pickles. It all adds up the career you want and a life you'll love. Have it all in the heart of it. All. Dive into the data@callohiohome.com.


Hey, Janice Torres here, and I'm Austin Hankins. We're the hosts of Mind The Business Small Business Success Stories produced by Ruby Studio and Intuit QuickBooks. Catch up on seasons one and two and join us for a brand new season of the podcast as we talk to small business owners about how they manage and grow their businesses. With the help of platforms like Intuit, QuickBooks, Listen to Mind the Business, small Business Success Stories on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts. Guests.