
Life is an act of constant reinvention that's true for you and for cause. Nissan Reimagined the all new kicks around you. The Bowles Personal plus sound system with speakers in the headrest keeps you in the groove while the Nissan Safety Shield 360 technologies keep you safe. If Nissan invented the kicks, you can reinvent yourself. Drive the all new Reimagined Nissan Kicks today. Available features compatible device service and consumer activation of Nissan Connect Services. Package required use only when safe and legal subject to third party service availability For more information, see Nissan usa.com/connect/legal. Apple CarPlay is a trademark of Apple Link. Intelligent all-wheel drive cannot prevent collisions or provide enhanced traction in all conditions. Always monitor traffic and weather conditions.


Taking control of your career is empowering. Just don't tell my boss I said that. Building a career is it just about a job. It's about creating a path that impacts our community and future generations. Whether you're starting out or making big moves, State Farm is here to support you with resources to help protect what you're working hard to achieve. They've got your back every step of the way because like a good neighbor State Farm is there. Find out more at State Farm dot com.


Ready to celebrate the magic of Live Music South by Southwest Music Festival returns to Austin, Texas this March 10th through the 15th with a fresh lineup of legendary and rising talent. Join a global community of music lovers, artists, industry professionals and creatives at the 2025 South by Southwest Music Festival. With hundreds of showcasing artists performing across six days in over 50 venues. Discovery is right around the corner at South by Southwest. Explore the lineup@sxsw.com.


At t has a new guarantee because most things in life are not guaranteed. In a world where nothing is guaranteed, at t is bringing something new to the table. At t is introducing a guarantee. With connectivity, you depend on deals you want and service you deserve, or they make it right. Learn more at att.com/guarantee. At&t connecting changes everything. Terms and conditions apply. Visit att.com/guarantee for details.


Good morning, usc. Yo Yo, yo, yo, yo, yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo, yo yo. Jess. Hilarious. Good morning. Charlemagne The guy. Peace to the planet. Guess what day it is? Guess what day it is? Hump Day. Good morning. How y'all feel out there? I feel blessed Black and Holly Faed. Happy to be here. Another day to serve off beautiful listeners. What's happening? That's Right. Wednesday, middle of the week. What's up Jess? How you feeling? I Feel good. I feel good. What's up? Y you Give a real like eight KA this morning with the pink and green like You're about to pledge. Yes. And I love my shoes. Look O okay. With the match Of shoes. I call 'em the Jolly Ranch of Pumas. Yep. The pink and greens. There you go. Yeah, I'm giving What up S Shala. What's happening? What's going on?


Happy to be here man. That's right. How's, how's motherhood? Jess? You always coming here every day and just act normal, like you ain't got a whole newborn at the house. Oh my God. That's probably the only place I can be a little normal. Really? Yeah. Between her and Ash. 'cause you know Ashton is 12 so he's going into that teenage phase and then, well, the teenage life. And then her, she's six months in two days, so she, she doing a lot. Like she talking, she loud all the time. And I can't even be mad 'cause I'm loud in my house all the time. But she is loud when we trying to get sleep. She loud. It's hard to get a nap in whatever. She not a crybaby, she just scream and talk and just yell all day.


Is she on a regular schedule? Because you be, you gotta get up at what time? Four o'clock. I get up at three 50. Three 50? Yeah. Every Day she be up or she be sleeping? No, she sleeps. She goes to sleep at like 10 30 and then she'll sleep till seven. Yeah. You know why she probably be talking sleep all Night. What? She probably want another sibling. So she probably like Mom. Hey babe, brother, sister. My age to talk To. Not yet. Not right now. No, not I'm ready. I'm gonna take like two years off of that. Okay. Yeah. That natural birth put me down for a little. You down? Yeah, sure. Tapped out for a little bit. You already know, so Not right now. Alright. You slu all the work in Mothers out there, man. Absolutely. You know what I'm saying? Got the newborns at the house. Gotta get up in the morning and you don't still live your life like everything normal. Yes. Like you ain't lactating.


No, I'm Dealing with postmortem for real, man. Aint nobody talks about that. Yeah, It's a lot. And then the more that you do in the more time to pass, you like your milk decrease depending on who you are. 'cause every woman is different, but like it's a decreasing your milk flow. Like the more time passed because I'm not making as much milk as I was like two months ago now. But I'm also doing much more and she's eating solids now, so. Okay. It's, it's, it's good. It is. It's adjusting to her as she grows. Alright, Well salute to all the moms out there now. Today on the show. Will Packer will be joining us, Man. He's got a new book. Who Better Than You? The Art of Healthy Arrogance and Dreaming Big Out Now. So Will's always a good conversation. He always makes for good conversation.


That's right. Well, let's get the show cracking. We got front page news Morgan. What'll be breaking everything down and don't go anywhere. It's The Breakfast Club. Good morning. Good morning everybody. It's DJ Envy. Jess. Hilarious Charlamagne, the God We are The Breakfast Club. Let's get in some front page news. Good morning, Morgan. Good morning. DJ Envy, Charlamagne, the God and Jess. Hilarious how DJ Morgan. Hey girl. All right, let's get into it. So a federal judge is declining a request from 14 attorneys general to temporary block temper to temporarily ban Elon Musk from accessing data at seven federal agencies. 14 states asked a re asked for a restraining order to block Musk Doge, a department of government efficiency from firing employees and gaining access to sensitive records.


Now, the group of attorneys general argued the power granted to Musk by President Trump is unconstitutional. However, the judge said the ags hadn't shown specific examples of how Doge would cause irreparable harm to the states. I guess we have to wait and see. But President Trump and the first friend, Elon Musk, he, they took part in a joint interview on Fox last night. Trump credited Musk with implementing many executive orders he has signed since taking office. Again, Trump said that a lot of his executive orders will be ordered into law. And he said, must works with his group at Doge, who he referred to as geniuses to get things done. Elon also expressed his affection for the president. And here's what he had to say.


If you read and believe the media, he become one of your best friends. He's working for free for you. Why? I love the president. I just wanna be clear about that. You don't care about that. I know. I love the PI. You love the President. I think. I think President Trump is a good man and, and he's, you know, it, It's nice the way he said that. You know, it's something nice About it really is. It is. You know, 'cause Emini here, the president's been so, so unfairly attacked in the media. It's truly outrageous. And I spent at this point, spent a lot of time with president. And not once have I seen him do something that was mean or cruel or or wrong. I really don't understand how or how what, you know, he, he's being allowed to do is constitutional or illegal.


Like why does an unelected person have that type of power? Like over 12,000 federal workers fired, they fired and then tried to rehire nuclear weapons workers. Workers accidentally fired people at the USDA working on bird flu. Like what happened to America? First you have a foreigner in control of people's money and livelihood. How is that? Okay. Hmm. Talk about it. So Musk went on to say that the assassination attempt on Trump in July only sped up the process of him endorsing Trump and speaking from Mar Largo Trump called Musk a patriot. So let's hear those comments. Elon is to me, a patriot. So, you know, you could call him an employee, you could call him a consultant, you could call him whatever you want, but he's a patriot. So there has been a lot of hoopla around this whole Doge thing about who's in charge.


So the White House has recently said that Elon Musk is not in charge of the Department of Government efficiency. That's according to a recent court document filed the filing signed by the di, the director of the Office of Administration at the White House says Musk has no actual or formal authority to make government decisions himself. I Can't tell, Right? I know President Trump has pub made public statements saying that Musk is leading Doge. So it's very controversial and it's, you know, we're trying to figure it out. So the affidavit says that Musk is a special government employee and serves as a senior advisor to the president. Furthermore, in that, that I can say I'm not five six A, But you got eyes, right? You're not five six, you're like five two.


Is there any good with Elon Musk doing? Huh? You just dumb the people talking. I think this is really funny. So Hannity, Trump and Musk also spoke about X, the app formerly known as Twitter and how X recently paid Trump. $10 million judgment. You know, he had that lawsuit out against him. But you know, it added that Musk got that, had to cut that check. Basically, Musk got a huge, he said, Trump said Musk got a huge discount and he doesn't even realize it. Of course, the president sued the social media app before Musk got it. And They all, they all paying, they tithe and offerings to Trump, A, B, C, you know, paramount about to pay. They tithe and offerings to Facebook already paid. They tithe and off they all, they all pay, they tithe and offerings to Trump.


So furthermore, in that interview, Musk also said that he felt that the president isn't being rep represented and that the will of the people, if the president isn't being represented, then the will of the people isn't being represented. So speaking of the will of the people in San Francisco, California, I think this is an interesting story, guys. Officials are investigating three men who claim to be from the Department of Government Efficiency. Doge authorities say that the men went to city hall wearing Doge shirts and MAGA hats and demanded records from several of offices and employees. The men demanded digital information related to alleged wasteful government spending and fraud. City Hall employees refused their requests and called the police. Then the men fled the city before deputies arrived. And the Sheriff's office says it does not believe the men were actually representatives of those.


So all that does is encourage this type of behavior. Having someone who is not, like you said, an government official. Someone who has not been elected but seems to be leading the country. We call 'em the first friend First. All I know is if you run on the economy, man, and you know, within three weeks, you know, 12,000 people have lost their job. That's never a good thing. I wanna salute the 5 0 5 0 1 movement there. The organization that led the protests on Monday, they had 50 protests in 50 states and they were protesting against, you know, Elon Musk and Donald Trump. And that was on Monday and Emini here. It was literally, you know, thousands of protesters all across the country. So drop on a cruise bond for them. Sorry.


That's your front page news for 6:00 AM at 7:00 AM We'll talk about more with Elon and I guess we would call it foreign affairs and what's going on overseas and how that whole transpire, how all of that transpires. And then we'll also get into some aviation news and updates. So I'll keep you guys posted With that. America is supposed to be ran by incompetent Americans, not incompetent foreigners. Merit. Merit based merit. All right, well get it off your chest. 805 8 5 1 0 5 1 if you need to vent, phone lines are wide open. Again, 805 8 5 1 0 5 1. Whatever you're dealing with, call us up right now. Let's talk. It's The Breakfast Club. Good morning. The Breakfast Club.


This is your time to get it off your chest. Whether you're mad or blessed, I hate the way that you walk, the way that you talk. I hate the way you dress. Everything with near is best. Call up next. Eight five eight five one oh five one. Not just me, I'm with the coach of Phil. Hello. Who's this? This is Stickum from Brooklyn and I'm coming for Charlamagne. What's up on, what's Up Stickum? Good morning from Brooklyn. Your name Hams Good morning. That's right. Show me. Where is my gym membership. Where's your gym membership? Are you Promising Big Girls gym membership? You Think you going Absolutely, that's right. We Did back during the big back moments. He did say he that's right out the, I promised you a gym membership. Yes, he promised Out Girl gym memberships.


And I've been waiting and it was my back supposed to stay Big. It was the still show me it was called the Un Bigg Your Back. Wasn't it Big? I know that right. Membership. She did. She's right. How what? How much is the gym membership? I don't remember this. $2,340. 'cause now I need a personal trainer because he took so long. What's going on Charlamagne? She must, I I don, I don't know what you're talking about. I ain't got nothing to do with Put Your cash. We wanna run the tape back. Put your cash app out there. Maybe somebody, you know Charlamagne will put some money in your cash. No, no, No. Not somebody. I'll say y'all gonna put me on hold and I'm gonna give Charlemagne my number. Somebody didn't say it, Charlemagne said it. I will say this, I don't remember saying that but I I do wish that we could partner with you know, a Planet Fitness or somebody like That.


That's exactly what you said. You are saying it again. So I'm saying, I'm saying it's a wish. I wish that we could partner with a plant fitness. So I don't do sales. Uhuh Uhuh, we don't work like that. Well Guess what? On on Big Backs Work does put in the work Charlamagne. Well we need some. First of all, don't you ever talk to me about work Big Back. Alright, you walking around here. First of all, how tall are you? Let's look here. Look here. Call You. I'm five four and 1 74. Trying to get over. Don't say with me you ain't Even big like That. Look, I just need to tone up a little bit. Okay. You Ain't even big a little file cabinet. You ain't even big Medium back Here ain't give no I do need to tone up a little bit. And you said you gonna help out. So what I help as Summertime is right around the corner.


You gonna throw some money in her. This little 25 pounds could be going in a minute. Get her information. So when we put this plan in, That's what I'm fucking about. $2,350 and 32 cents. I ain't got nothing to do with that. Yeah, close mouth don't get fed girl. That's right. But you. Oh You tell but You need to close your mouth because someone's right around the corner Ain that damn big. So shut Up. Goodbye Hams Uhuh. Not nobody. Somebody get my cash app info, Put it out there, put it out there. I ain't putting my info for everybody. It's a Charlamagne problem. Well you hold on. He put it on the table. Hold on. Put me on Hold. You can eat him behind the scenes. Hold on. Hold. Hey yo, I didn't put that on the table.


All I simply said was we need to have some type of partnership with a gym membership to help the listeners that are fat. Hello? Who's this? Fat is not a nice word sir. Man please. F word. F word. It's the F word. Hello? Hey, what's your name? Hey Erica. Who is DJ? Hanging? Good morning. Get it off your chest mama. I don't got nothing to get off my chest. I just wanted to say hey to y'all And I wanted to see if Jess, her praying tongue for me for a second. Oh You want her to talk a tongue for you? You want, You want. Oh no, She wants you to talk a tongue for her one time. Jess So funny man. About Isha coming in a Honda. Yes. You Coming in a Honda. Yes, that's Right. Amen.


That's how you doing it girl. You. Amen. Hey Solom. Peace, peace, peace. Hey Tanya. Y'all tell me my birthday. My birthday next Wednesday And I know I won't get two next Wednesday. Happy early Honda. Happy birthday Pisces. You Pisces right? Thank Y'all. I am. Yes. How old you turning? 36. Thank Y'all. Charlemagne. You And I are the same age. Oh okay. 40. So you about what, 46, 47? I'll be 47 this year. Yeah, I'll be 47. I'll be 47 next Wednesday. Salute to you Og. Alright mama. Have a good one. Thank you y'all too. Bye-bye. Get it off your chest. 805 8 5 1 0 5 1. If you need to vent, hit us up now. It's The Breakfast Club. Good morning. The Breakfast Club.


It's a new day. This is your time To get it off your chest. Wait, wake up whether you're mad or blessed, it's time to get up and get something. Call up Now. Eight five eight five one oh five one. We wanna hear from you on The Breakfast Club. Hello? Who's this Here? What's up Envy? What's up Trav? Hey Chilling big killing. What's up J? What's up boo? How you doing? My mom Good, Charlemagne. Peace sis. What's happening? How you doing? Girl? Blessed black and highly favored. What's the word Y'all? I was minding my business last week y'all. I was minding my business last week and somebody called in mentioning me multiple times trying to get a reaction. Okay. Was It Sean?


Sean Stone? Yes. It yes it was. Yes it was Sean Stone. Yo, I ain't mention this man in a whole year. Ain't bring him up Last year I got my own little things I'm worried about in life right now. I'm trying to focus on my songwriting. I'm trying to focus on that. Hating on somebody, a straight man who just don't like me 'cause he, 'cause I'm gay, I ain't got time for it. Uhuh. And I'm over it. It's been seven years. I beat him in a rap battle seven years ago. He has not let it go baby. You gotta let that go. He really ain't let that hurt go. He been hurt ever since you busted his ass in that rap battle. I'm not gonna lie to you, Trav you and listen, has that ever happened in real life? Have you ever busted somebody ass like physically like you just, you just, you know, pounded him out and they couldn't get over you.


You Know, you what So crazy though. Sha back around that time he was threatening me right. Like, like real life trying to threaten me. And I told he he, he clearly didn't know who I was. And I told him, sir, I'm gonna be at DJ Envy's car show And I told him to come up the Envy's car show And I was gonna whoop his ass in. How y'all gonna Fight in my car show? I know, right? It's a kid family event, right? It was gonna be in the parking lot. Envy he, you won't gonna know me and my cousin were going to trash him in that parking lot six years ago. Damn Sean. Damn. Y'all bump in my car show before your cousin gay too? No, no. My cousin not Gay. Oh, I was gonna say damn, he got beat by a bunch of gay gon be crazy. Well don't be bringing that to my call show. Well Itt, nobody vy. It was gonna be in the parking lot still outside out already in the parking garage.


Nobody gonna know. Well Trav, there's worse things. You coulda did disaster than beat it. So I'm glad that's A Oh my God. Glad that all you thought about goodbye Trav. Bye y'all. Bye. Hello. Who's this Top of the morning? This is fifth F. What's up? Fifth F What up? Get it off your chest. Well, Emini here, the only thing I'm gonna say is there's a lot going on in the climate, the culture and everything. I just wanna say simply that as an American who is black, I voted for Donald Trump, born in Harlem, raised in South Jamaica, Queens. I'm proud of what he doing. And also as a proud black American, I want to say that our group is not making the progress we want to, due to a lack of patriotism.


We are leading with a physiological hatred for white people who we share the same country with. It's one thing to have an argument about things that took place in the past and want to make it right, but it's another thing to hate your own land and country that you cannot be deported from and expect the best from it. So we have to be Americans first. Black is second. We gotta, I, I don't wanna say it like that, but we just gotta bring more patriotism. You know, we gotta support America. We are Americans first and foremost. So that means that, you know, we belong to a greater dominant cultural group.


Can I ask you a question? Yes. Can I, can I ask you a question? Yes sir. Because I, I do believe America first, how do you feel about a foreigner being in control of where the government spends money in a foreigner, you know, being responsible for 12,000 American federal workers being laid off. And when you talk about, you know, you know, what'd you say? You said you you got to be be black, put black to the side. Patriot. Yeah. Patriotic to the side. Well, Emini here. I wish that, you know, you would tell, you know, your, your, your administration that you voted for that. Because you know, when you look at things like the E-E-E-O-C being dismantled, are you look at how they're rolling back, you know, DEI initiatives. Are you looking at the education department cutting race-based programs And, and and, and and. Yes. And that's a great question. I'm glad you brought that up.


And I want to answer that. As a natural born foundation, black American, we want those things. You see, we tend to associate, what's the word I'm looking for? We tend to associate corruption with this white face. But over these last 12 years, throughout the Obama administration and everything, black people have had their chances. We have been coming in positions of leadership overseeing many different states from mayoral positions to political positions, even presidencies. And it is showing that black people are just as prone to corruption as well. If you look at different mayors throughout the city. So we gotta stop associating that. It's not about the Color, but I don't understand what I don't understand.


I Don last point. Last point, last quick point you said, what about a foreigner? Okay, so America is a land of the brave home of the free many foreigners here. It's not about where you from, it's about your mindset on America. If a foreigner has a positive mind state about American loves this land and want to put it first in that, fine. But if a foreigner like Illian Omar or somebody like that is representing another country, while in our Congress we elect people that wanna represent us. All Americans, black Americans, white Americans, people who are proud to be Americans ain't no more waving another flag in this country. And black people have to stand up and take ownership and pride of this land that they helped build and be black Americans and share in that we don't have to hate white people and teach our Children shooting.


I don I don't like, I don't like these generalizations that you making. Like, I don't know who told you that all black people hate white people. Like where did you get this logic from? Well You hold on, hold on, hold on. This conversation generalization. Hold on, hold on. Y'all got this conversation behind the scenes 'cause we gotta go get it off your chest For this broad generalization came from 5 8 5 1 0 5 1. If you need to vent, you can us up now. We got just with the mess coming up. What we talking About? Yes. Speaking of freedom and letting it ring ASAP is not guilty. Freedom and letting it ring. Yes. 'cause he was preaching Brother. All right, we'll get to that Next. It's The Breakfast Club. Good morning. The Breakfast Club Morning everybody. It's DJ Envy. Jess. Hilarious. Charlamagne the guy. We are The Breakfast Club.


Let's get to Jess with the Mess News is real. Jessica, Robin Moore. Jess don't do no lying. She Don't spare nobody Worldwide. Jess worldwide mess on The Breakfast Club. She's a cultureship. She was able to Get y'all to see something and understand something that nobody could get You to see. It's time to set it on. I'm happy that ASAP is free. That's another black man who can be home with his family. Like, you know, 'cause he got them two kids. That wife, we might get a, a album from Rihanna. You think so? You know, yeah. Her man just beat 24 years. I feel like we not gonna get the album now because he just beat 24 years.


They gonna be busy. Did You? Mm. What does that say about ASAP Rocky as a rapper? That y'all want to hear from his wife but not him Heap. Y'all just did that to ASAP Emini Here. What? She can put him on the album. I want, I want Rihanna album. 'cause ASAP got found not guilty. What It's been, it's been 10 years for Riri though. So yeah, Emini here. People won an album Emini here. I ain't never gonna stop wanting that. I do love her. I like her. Well yeah. So now we can focus back on her now that this man is free Emini here. Jesus. Lemme tell you, listen, yesterday, so ASAP Rocky was found not guilty yesterday Court in court. He was found not guilty of all charges. So he's gonna walk free. And the minute that the the verdict was read, y'all talking about Rihanna, just the his family.


It went crazy. Let's take a listen. VA 5 0 8 1 4 2 dash zero one. We the jury of above entitled action find the defendant. Rakeem Mayers not guilty. Have see I love that. Yo, he jumped over. Yes. That that bench in, in Rihanna's arms. There were reporters in the court. Megan Kif. She said that actually Rihanna was in tears. Yeah. After they read the verdict. And when he jumped over and hugged her and his family was in tears as well too. Yeah. No safer place to be than those women's arms he dived into that man was facing what, 24 years? 24 years.


And that happened pretty fast. I know it probably didn't feel fast for Rocky or for Rihanna for his family. Yeah. But 14 days they went to deliberations yesterday came back at the end of the day. It was around like eight o'clock when the jury came back with the the not guilty. And yeah, he was facing, he was accused of firing a gun at his former friend ASAP Rally. So he was looking at some time. Now people don't are are asking what happens. Tre Elli because what up him? Okay, so on one side you have Asaps attorney who's like, he lied on the stand a lot. So what are we gonna do about this? Let's take a listen to Joe Tech subpoena asap Rocky's attorney after court We're grateful for the jury. They saw through this barrage of a case CIA he said from day one he was innocent.


He turned down a plea for almost no jail time because he was innocent. This was an extortion. The extortion played out live in color in court. What it says is that the district attorney should look long and hard at prosecuting Pyre Efron. We've said that from day one they should do it. Now they have him admitting to perjury. They have him committing aor the jury. So through it and came to it enormously quick and speedy verdict. For me, my partner Chad, we're honored to have represented this amazing family. M Rocky is one of my closest friends. We love him. He's also just a great, great person. Love him. Brianna daap, Joe, Asap Joe. Funny. So be charged with will probably get charged with perjury. He should be. That's what they're pushing for.


Because there he Should get charged, maybe extortion. There's a few moments on the stand where he had said things and then it was debunked and it was a lot that happened. But also too, rally had filed that $30 million defamation lawsuit against asaps. That was first, wasn't it? That was during, it was like after the shooting. But it was before the criminal case started. Yes. Yes. And I, that's gonna have to be thrown out because he was alleging that because of the shooting and because of the statements that Asaps ASAP Rocky's attorney was making, he was being defamed. He was being threatened online. And now, you know, in a court of law, you were, it was found that this didn't happen. So they Could prove that has to be, they could prove he lied on stand. He should be have to be prosecuted. He should be prosecuted. 'cause there's no way that ASAP Rocky has to pay for attorney fees. Yeah. Has to do all these different things and, and somebody who lies on the stand just walks.


Now The crazy is, I never even even knew who ASAP really was until this situation. It's a of asaps. And so now it's just like, that's what you known for. You're known for somebody who couldn't even rat. Right. And I Know he wish he got shot. Now for real Emini here,


The World is constantly changing. If it's up to you to decide how to respond, choose to be bold to try something new. Choose to reinvent yourself. That's what Nissan did with the all new totally reimagined kicks. The dynamic new exterior styling immediately announces that Nissan isn't messing around the interior. A completely redesigned cabin with premium features like wireless Apple call play and a panoramic moonroof make driving a kicks immersive and exciting. And with new performance and safety features, like intelligent All-Wheel Drive, the kicks is both fun and safer to drive than ever before. It is the dawning of a brand new era for the Nissan Kicks. Only one question remains. Is it a new era for you as well? Drive the all new Reimagined Nissan Kicks today. Available Features compatible device service and consumer activation of Nissan Connect Services. Package required use only when safe and legal subject to third party service availability. For more information, see Nissan usa.com/connect/legal. Apple CarPlay is a trademark of Apple Link. Intelligent all-wheel drive cannot prevent collisions or provide enhanced traction in all conditions. Always monitor traffic and weather conditions.


Hey fam, this is Carlos Miller from the 85 South Show. If you're like me, you're always thinking about how to level up your career. Maybe you're fresh outta college, just starting in your field or even looking to switch things up and find your true calling. Whatever stage you're in, remember that this is your time to grow, to learn, and to build something that lasts. State Farm understands that early career development is key to long-term success. They've been a steady presence in our community and they know having the right support early can make all the difference. State Farm is there to help you make smart moves and to help you get the coverage you need. We all know that the journey to success is a marathon, not a sprint. It's all about staying focused, staying grounded, and making sure you're protected every step of the way. Let's build our careers with confidence, knowing that State Farm is there to support us just like they've always been because like a good neighbor State Farm is there. Find out more at State Farm dot com.


At t has a new guarantee because most things in life are not guaranteed. Like actually getting the rental call you requested or your wedding turning out just like you dreamed it would. And someone making another pot of coffee in the break room after drinking the last drop of the last one. Yeah, don't get me started. Not guaranteed. In The World where nothing is guaranteed, at t is bringing something new to the table. At t is introducing a guarantee. With connectivity, you depend on deals you want and service you deserve or they make it right. So if you wanna know more about the at t guarantee, head to att.com/guarantee. At t connecting changes everything, terms and conditions apply. Visit att.com/guarantee for details.


Ready to celebrate the magic of Live Music South by Southwest Music Festival returns to Austin, Texas this March 10th through the 15th with a fresh lineup of legendary and rising talent. Join a global community of music lovers, artists, industry professionals and creatives at the 2025 South by Southwest Music Festival with hundreds of showcasing artists performing across six days and over 50 venues. Discovery is right around the corner at South by Southwest. Explore the lineup@sxsw.com and Just, yeah, he was lying. Well, you know, we really do wish it happened. Yeah, Well hopefully Congratulations to asap Rocky. My advice to you is to never leave the house ever again. Okay.


But I can't happen and don't communicate with any n words after 5:00 PM The beautiful happen thing about situations like this though is you get to really see who's who. Yeah. Like I'm sure over the last however many years it's been, he's got to see who was like really in his corner. So salute you ASAP Rocky. Yep. Yes. He's gonna go home to his family. Moving On to Cardi B, Our girl. So after I said that she that that Stefan was keeping her busy, she decided that to tweet about Offset when she got to it. Yeah. Well you asked yesterday, did she respond? Did she? 'cause you know, she'll get online now listen, real, real quick. She didn't, she didn't say offset's name in this tweet, but of course, and she deleted the tweet. But we, we know what this is given. So yesterday after we reported about her amazing Valentine's Day weekend, Cardi got on Twitter and she tweeted, I'm getting harassed.


The worst way I suggest you shut up and leave me alone in less than one hour or people's careers will be getting ruined. Including, including is in all caps. You famous bees that was getting Ed leave me alone. Hmm. Now we don't know who she is claiming is harassing her, but the, what the fans, you know, have gathered from this is that this is in response to her being out and about having a good time and it being picked up that she was out and about having a good time with Stefan Diggs over the weekend. And that the person that she's talking to on Twitter is offset because she does that often when they're going back and forth. So Emini here, the tweet was deleted and no one's gotten exposed. So I'm assumed that, you know, 35 minutes into that hour he realized, let me just, She said even are you famous girls that was getting at?


Yeah. Yeah. I guess you know, she, she said she got Look at, look at how y'all ain't put his hand on his hip when he, y'all said that Cardy Do it. I want to know what offset hitless look like. Okay. As the old head. We like to live by casually to the young boys. You know what I'm saying? I see you nephew. Yo, stop Man, stop it. They got kids together. I want them to be able to work it out and be able to still, you know, move on. But still, I don't want offset, take care of the kids. You know what Emini here, I don't want offset To do that nasty. Even though I happy Cardi is it's doing her own thing. Only because you still got raised kids. You Said you don't want offset to do that. I don't want Emini here. I don't want Cardi to do that because even though she's out doing her own thing And I understand how she feels about offset, they still got raise them kids together.


They still got kids. Yeah. It's a lot. You know what Emini here, why stir up the extra drama girl? Just keep But this, he keep on like poking at her though. Like he poking at Ever since he been seeing her out having fun, moving on whatever he has with whoever it is. Like he baby Been poking. Yeah, he been trying to, yeah. He dragging his nuts all over. You know what, Emini here. So She need to drop hers. Yeah, she can do that. Put the mos out Emini here. Put the bitches out there. Yeah, but that's just gonna make offset look good depending on who the girls are. No It's not. No It's not. Okay. You're right. I'm speaking to, I'm speaking to the lens. I'm speaking through the lens. That was a Man explaining because depending on how close they are to her industry wise, like if they in her vicinity too much, you gonna look crazy 'cause you wife is card B.


You wasn't holding her down right Now. I just pray somebody could get in between and be like, look, we got kids. Like the kids can see this. Everything's online right now. Let's work this out. You the your Way. The person in between is tired. Envy. Oh, they tired. Yeah. Yeah. I don't like seeing their drama play out online. Man. Slew the offset. Cardi. I I hope that y'all figure it out. Shut up. You Just say you. That was a political he really To say day Thursday, do it in the music. Put it in the music. You can tell me one of y'all not just text me. Lemme vicariously through. That's song. Don't Drop it. Alright. For real. Woo. All right. I can see that one. Alright. Hey, yeah. Thank you Lord. That's The mess.


I hope he don't listen to Mess this side of the room. That's just with the mess. All right, when we come back, we got front page news and then Will Packer will be joining us' The Breakfast Club. Good morning. Morning. You are checking out The Breakfast Club. Morning everybody. It's DJ Envy. Just hilarious. Charlamagne the guy. We are The Breakfast Club. Let's get in some front page news. All right, what's up Morgan? Listen, what's up? We're talking about, we're getting updates on what's happening in aviation. Uc left and right. There's all kinds of incidents. So nearly 300 federal aviation administration employees have been fired by the Trump administration. The employees got their notices over the weekend and a move to call their union and a move their union calls a hastily made decision in an agency already challenged by understaffing.


Now the workers affected include mechanics, aviation, safety assistance, and others. Transportation. Secretary Sean Duffy posted on Monday on act that less than 400 of the agency's 45,000 employees were let go. And they were all probationary. He said none of them were air traffic controllers and critical personnel. Now this comes at the same time. Officials say two people remain hospitalized following Monday's. Plane crash in Toronto. 21 people were injured in the incident at Toronto Pearson Airport and airport President Debra Flint said the rescue operation was a huge success. She talked more about the incident. Let's hear from her. Emergency workers and responders mounted a textbook response reaching the site within minutes and quickly evacuating the passengers.


At the time there were 21 injured passengers ranging from miner minor to critical, but not life-threatening injuries. A total of 19 passengers went to the hosp local hospitals with two more going to hospitals in the time period after we have completed the reunification process for all of the remaining passengers. Yeah. So the regional Delta Airlines flight from Minneapolis was carrying 80 people aboard, officials say first responders. And the planes crew, of course, like she mentioned, issued a executed a textbook response. And the plane will remain on the scene at the airport for the next 48 hours. As investigators continue to look into the cause of the crash, I know that there has been rumors that there was a wind gust.


And then also now that video has been released, it seems like some of the landing gear could have been compromised. But again, we'll keep you posted. I don't wanna get too ahead of myself in regards to what caused that crash. Yeah, I was gonna ask. They said I in the video, you can see the plane actually catches on fire as soon as it lands. So they don't know what the reason. Was it emergency landing or it was just a regular, did they say or No, still not there yet. Again, they, from what I've heard so far is that the landing up until the point of impact was pretty normal. Really? Yeah. And then there was, it was almost like all of a sudden they were on their side and then upside down. So again, it does appear, if you look at the video, like the landing gear may have been compromised or one of the wheels of the plane, which could have also catered to the, the barreling of that plane.


So, we'll, again, I don't wanna get too ahead of myself, but they are investigating the cause of the crash. And I will keep you guys posted. Thank you. So in foreign affairs, president Trump is blaming Ukraine for starting the war. Now, speaking from Mar-a-Lago, Trump said he thinks he has the power to end the war, and he thinks it's going very well. But he heard, oh, well we weren't invited. And well, we, he went on to say, well, you've been there for three years, adding, you should have, you shouldn't have started it and you could have made a deal. He's referencing Ukraine. He's talking about President Ukrainian. President Zelensky. So this comes as the first peace talks between the US and Russia. Have in the Russian war in Ukraine are done. Secretaries of state, Marco Rubio and other US officials met with a Russian delegation in Saudi Arabia on Tuesday.


He says the US wants to move quickly with the peace talks in the Russia, Ukraine war. Let's hear more from Secretary of State, Marco Rubio. We're going to appoint a high level team from our end to help negotiate and walk work through the end of the conflict in Ukraine in a way that's enduring and acceptable to all the parties engaged. We're gonna appoint our teams respectively that have worked very quickly to reestablish the functionality of our respective missions in Washington and in Moscow. For us to be able to continue to move down this road, we need to have diplomatic facilities that are operating and functioning normal. Yeah, I would agree. I think it's a little counterintuitive that Rubio is overseas having these peace talks while Trump is at home talking about, yeah, you should have started a deal and blaming Ukraine for starting a war that, you know, they were once invaded.


So, By the way, that's insanity though. Like, you know, you can't have peace talks if you don't have both countries at the table. That's not a, that's not a peace talk. That's a one-sided talk like that. Like that that, that basically means like, you know, you giving Russia whatever it is that they want. Yep. And you're deciding, you're deciding Ukraine's fate for them. That's right. So Ukrainian pre president, Zelensky, he did say that his government didn't know anything about the talks. And he said that he will not accept a peace deal that is made without his country's involvement. Fair enough. Switching gears to New York. I Don't believe that either though. You Say I I don't believe that he won't accept something. I, if there's a deal that's made, you know, and it brings peace to the country. I don't think that he, you know, will not accept it just because he wasn't at the table.


Because Emini here, what if it is a good deal? I don't know if it will be, but what if it is, If it, yeah, fair enough. And switch. And just this last little story I thought was really interesting because we're always talking about, you know, who could be president, who could be next? Stephen A. Smith. He is considering running for president. Kind of, I won't get too much into the semantics of it. Let's just listen to this audio. Although I have absolutely, positively no desire to be a politician, because shaking hands and kissing babies ain't my thing. Being a professional beggar, looking for donors, looking for campaign dollars, looking for elected officials to try to curry favor with them so I can get what I want legislatively and beyond. Although I have no desire to do any of those things. I do have an insatiable desire one day when I'm more qualified as I really dig my heels into this stuff, to be on a stage debating presidential candidates for the United States of America.


And in order to do that, I would have to be a candidate. What do you guys think about that? He may not be the ideal candidate, but it further speaks to your point, Charlamagne, that maybe the non-traditional politicians are actually in demand. What do you Think? Well, you know, the Washington Post called me about this yesterday, man. And, and you know, I I, I'll repeat what I said. I said Stephen a is a great media personality. I respect who he is in that space, tremendously. I hope ESPN makes him the highest paid person at the network because he deserves it. But when it comes to him being president, look, you never know what God has planned for a person. But I have to say the fact that the media is entertaining this conversation, the fact that I've seen politicians asked about this shows how unserious we are as a country.


He just be talking, man. But That's what, that's, that's the, that's the whole conversation that he's having. He's saying people are coming up to him actually saying it to him. Stephen, a president. Well, he's saying, where are we as a country if well, Well that's not A sports broadcaster is being considered running for president. That's the Conversation. Well, what happened was one of Donald Trump's old posters actually put his name in a poll. And like he came back with like 2% of the people said that they would vote for him. I think that was done purposely. I think it was done to be a distraction. And I think that, you know, when I saw Hakeem Jeffries asked about it, And I wish Hakeem didn't even entertain it because they're a big fish to fry. Like, you know, we talked about earlier, 12,000 federal workers laid off because of Elon Musk.


An unelected, you know, official controls. How the government pays everybody with Elon Musk. Again, social security will probably be on the chopping block. Next. All because this country decided oligarchy is better than democracy. So I got, got mad love for Stephen Day's, a media personality, but entertaining a conversation about him being president at a time. Like this is just so unserious. It seems crazy. It's such a distraction. Maybe Not him, but you. Do you think that non-traditional politicians should, somebody should step up, nontraditional someone that's Not the only, the only nontraditional, the only, yes I, the only non-traditional person that I would love to see in that field is John Stewart. Mm. Okay. Literally everybody at we, we gotta get back to business.


I don't wanna see She got the knowledge base. I Don't wanna see no more celebrity in Chiefs unless John Stewart decides he wants to take a real stab at it. I don't wanna see no Celebrity in Chiefs All More. No celebrity in Chiefs. No more First Buddies. Alright, that's your front page. News of Morgan Wood. Follow me on social at Morgan Media and for more news coverage, follow at Black Information Network. Download the free iHeartRadio app and visit us at BIN news.com. Y'all have a good one. Alright now thank you Morgan. When we come back, will Packer will be joining us. He has a new book, who Better Than You? The Art of Healthy Arrogance and Dreaming Big is out Now is The Breakfast Club. Good morning, The Breakfast Club. Morning everybody. It's DJJ NV. Just hilarious. Charlamagne the guy. We are The Breakfast Club.


Laura LaRosa is here as well. We got a special guest in the building. His new book. Who Better Than You? The Art of Healthy Arrogance and Dreaming Big is Out Now ladies, gentlemen, will Packer family, What's going on? What's up? How are you? How you feeling? Blessed Black and Hollywood. How you feeling? I'm feeling amazing. You know, I'm up here. I'm up here with one of the most incredible platforms in media right now. Interesting time in media. You know, media ebbs and flows. We in an ebb right now in the movie business. Charlamagne really, I don't know if you know. Yeah, just, you know, coming off the strikes, coming off of Covid, like the movie industry. Never really recalibrated. So there's a lot of folks out there that are hurting right now. A lot of folks that aren't working. A lot of actors outta work writers. And so as a producer, you know, I'm just trying to keep people hired, trying to do what I do and create content.


Most people out there they don't realize because there's so much content out there and so many streaming services. It's like all's everything out there, I can see whatever I want. But actually the media companies are making a lot less. So it's an interesting time in the business. Man. Who Better Than You, is the name of the book. Yes. What made you decide to write this? Yo, you know, I have been in the movie game for almost 30 years now. And I have dealt with some of the biggest names. Some of the most impressive successful people. Some of the most toxic, insecure people. And throughout that process, I have gained a set of skills that I wanna share with people about how you can be successful and manifest a more full life.


How you can use some of the skills that I've learned that are transferrable to any industry to navigate. Be it, you want to start a new endeavor, you wanna overcome a challenge, you wanna pivot in your life. And so I'm telling stories I've never told before. Stories from dealing with, you know, some of my Hollywood folks. But it's really lessons, right? It's lessons about, this is how you deal with people, how you position yourself to succeed and how you have healthy arrogance now to be confused with toxic arrogance, right? Toxic arrogant walks in the room and says, I'm better than everybody here. I'm gonna win. 'cause you're gonna lose, right? I'm better than you. Healthy arrogance walks in a room and says, okay, number one, I belong in this room.


Right? The most successful people feel that. They don't feel like, am I supposed to be here with all these important people? Healthy arrogance feels like I'm supposed to be here. However, I also have something to add to this room. This room is better because I'm in it and I'm gonna get other people to understand how they, And I have a commonality in terms of our goal. If you can get other people to see the value in what you're going after, then you can then get them to row in the same direction as you and work towards your own goal. That's what leadership is. Getting other people to realize that it's not me against you. If I can get you to understand that together we both benefit from working together and accomplishing things that are my goals as well as your goals, your chance for success is increased.


Mm. You know, when I read about you, you talk about healthy arrogance. I hear you interviews about healthy arrogance. It feels like you're saying, you just gotta, it's like a sense of worthiness. Mm. It's value. It is. It is very much understanding the value to place on yourself. Right. You understand charlamagne. 'cause you talk about mental health a lot. We all have this drumbeat in our head, right? It can be a negative drumbeat of I'm not ready, I'm not worthy, I don't have the skills, I'm not prepared. More and more you tell yourself that the louder those voices get. But there's a confidence muscle that you can build, that you can grow by telling yourself the exact opposite. That I am worthy, right? That I am prepared. But it's really about assigning value. The thing I say to people is that understand from the time you are born until the time you leave this earth, you are building your brand.


Everything you do, right? Emini here. You can't make mistakes. Everybody does. But every decision you make and everything you do is building your brand. And it is telling people what value to assign to you. Whether that's somebody that is looking to invest in you, looking to date, you looking to just hang out with you. You are telling them what your value is and you have to be healthily arrogant in the way that you force other people to recognize your value. Damn. Yeah. So if you don't have nobody, does that mean you're not worth nothing? Well, you know, I'm not gonna say that. Well, you mean like a relationship? Yeah. Well that just means that you have to be sure that you're surrounding yourself with people that understand your value, quality, not quality.


It might mean that you're worth more than people want to give you credit for. Talk about it. It might mean you're single because other people don't recognize your value and you're not willing to compromise for it. You had something to say, Charlamagne What? What hit dog will holler. Won't they keep spin asking brother this way? I'm just asking the brother question. Charlamagne's next. Sas You you coming this way though? You did. Did The sassiness of the neck That caught me off ghi the hair whipp. That's what, is that what it is? Are you whipping your hair back and forth? I was not whip my at all. Love what's happening. I was just asking you a question 'cause I like what you're talking about. That's all. Okay. All right. Well, yes, absolutely. So if, if some, you know, somebody happens to be an amazing, beautiful single sister.


I don't know, you know there relationship status of everybody here, but let's Just say present company. You keep looking over there though. Why? Well, because you didn't look to Jess. Why? Look, look at her because she said you had a sassy neck. So she is, she's immediately the most entertaining person at this type of boat. I wanna ask you about imposter syndrome. Yeah. And when you, when did that, like when did you get past that? Where did you deal with that at all yourself? Absolutely. Deal with everybody deals with it. Everybody gets to a point where they feel like, yo, do I belong? Right? Do I deserve to be in the most important spaces? Mm. And I've been very, very fortunate to be in some incredible rooms with some people that are, you know, some of the most powerful people from around The World. As I said, what I realize is that when I walk in those rooms, I cannot question if I'm supposed to be there.


I need to realize what is it that I have that nobody else in this room has and how can I double down on that? Right? So black man, African American filmmaker in Hollywood, not a lot of folks at my level in the rooms that I'm in. Oftentimes it's all white people in those rooms. What I choose to do, instead of saying, okay, I'm the only black person in this room. I know they racist. I know they looking at me a certain way. I know they have a negative perception. I'm walking in the room and I'm thinking, okay, you know what? I'm bringing something that nobody else can bring. When I talk about my perspective, when I talk about my, my audience, when I talk about my community, nobody else can debate me on that because I'm the only one with that lived experience. Whatever it is in the rooms and the circles that you're in, what's the unique thing that you have?


And then you triple down on that. That will help with that imposter syndrome. The other thing is that you have to understand, like you don't have to be somebody that's just born with like an overabundance of confidence. It's something that you can build, but you do have to build it by putting a success. With a success. With a success, right? Like just like a volume. JG said, check with a check with a check. You gotta build the successes. And sometimes to do that, you gotta come back and not say, okay, my first success has to be so big, right? Just accomplish something. I call it fabricating momentum. I believe that sometimes we get stuck on the first rung. The very first thing I'm trying to get started. I don't have any money. I don't know. People don't have a network. That's okay, right?


Don't make the first thing you're trying to do to, to, to climb the mountain, right? That's a lot. That's a momentous task. Make the first thing, buy the shoes, hiking boots, then buy a rope, then drive by the mountain and look at it. Well, you know, you've done three things, right? Get started. Do something that helps to build that confidence. We all need that. All right, we got more with Will Packer when we come back. His new book, who Better Than You? The Art of Healthy Arrogance and Dreaming Big is out now. It's The Breakfast Club. Good morning. Morning everybody. It's Djj Envy. Just hilarious. Charlamagne Ne Guy. We are The Breakfast Club. We're still kicking it with Will Packer. Lauren, You have a chapter in the book? I think it's Chapter 20. Yeah, chapter 21. All you need is one white guy.


Yeah. Get into that chapter a little bit. 'cause I know you just mentioned being the only in the room and kind of dealing with that. Like talk to us a bit. Put in that chapter in why, and kind of what your experience has been and why you titled it that. Yeah. The chapter. Sometimes All you need is one white guy. And it's actually, the irony of it is that I'm saying that what you need is an advocate, right? Everybody does. Nobody, I don't care who they are, how successful they are, nobody does it by themselves. What I'm saying is that your person may not be white, may not be a guy, right? And so when I came into Hollywood, there was a white executive, it was a white gay executive. He used to tell me that he felt like he was trapped in the body of a black woman. I said, okay.


His name was Clint Cold Pepper. I said, Clint, first of all, don't tell nobody else that. Second of all, we can get you some therapy to unpack that. But he was somebody that was an advocate. Could he play spades? He was, he didn't play Spades. Okay? He didn't know I played. He could. He didn't go to FA MU or nothing like that. But what I said was, he wanted to make movies that were aimed at African American culture. And I was interested in being an African American storyteller. I made him look good to the studio. And so he then in turn, gave me more power and more movies. Remember that advocacy is a two way street. Oftentimes we have our hands out. I need somebody to help me. What can you do for me? The best way to get help? And the best way to find your advocate, right?


Your quote unquote one white guy. I don't care what it looked like, it could look like Charlamagne, could look like. Just, it doesn't matter. The point is to get that one person, you gotta add value to them. That's right. Make them look smart. Figure out what it is that they need. And then once you are able to help them, they're gonna wanna continue to help you. Right? This guy wanted to make movies that were similar to the ones I made. I made him look smart because I was able to make 'em for a certain number and they overperformed in terms of their budget. And so we made a bunch of movies together, right? But you gotta figure out that person that you need. You gotta find that one person. Nobody does it by themselves. And whatever that person is, figure out how you can add value to their lives. Don't just think about what can you do for me?


What can you do for me? No, that's not how the people at the top level think. Did he get out your way? Did he let you create or did? He absolutely did. Okay. Yeah. And it became a very semiotic relationship. It was a two way street, right? So he was, he went out and got financing from Sony Pictures for the movie. Some of the early, like if you look at my think like a Man's No Good deeds, obsessed takers, anybody that remembers those movies, those are all movies that open Number one at the Box off. Those were movies that I made when I was at Sony Pictures, and these are movies that he financed, but our very first one he gave, it was called The Gospel, right? The Gospel. It was a gospel music movie. It had star Idris sba. It was Iris's first movie off the Wire. Boris Kojo had all the gospel stars in it from Kirk Franklin and Yolanda Adams, Fred Hammond, everybody.


He gave me a budget to go out and do that movie totally on my own. I did not go spend the money frivolously, And I did not go spend the money and not return it. Mm. I went out, spent that money on a $3 million movie, and it made $15 million. It's not all the money in The World, but that's five times what they spent on it. So he looked good at the studio. And so they said, oh, that's great. Who is this guy that you working with? Clint? He said, oh yeah, that's my guy. We want to make something else. And he continued to feed me dope as I continue to make him look good. Dope. Now your book is motivational and inspirational, right? But it leans on comedy too. You love comedy. 'cause I, the interesting thing is the back, the quotes, you got the quotes from Kevin.


Yeah. Issa, yes. Kerry Washington Elba, right? Yeah. What made You do that? That's funny. Iris's quote is that I did not authorize Will Packard to use my name in this book. And he did it anyway. It's true. That tells you all you need to know about Will Packard. That's a hundred percent true. All those quotes are truth, okay? Because I come at Kevin pretty hard and, and so he said, you know what? I don't have to like this And I don't have to laugh at it. So if you look at the quotes, I reached out to my industry friends And I said, just be honest. Steve Harvey's quote is, buy my book first and then by Wills. That's hilarious. You know what I'm saying? That's how You plug Yourself. That's very much how Steve acts. But you know, for me it is, A lot of it is through humor.


It's told through comedy. I have had an incredible career. I look back And I can't believe it's been 30 years in the game. I can't believe I've had the success I've had. That is because of the people listening to this show. It's because of you all. Let me come on the show. It's because of the support of the audience. But the reality telling it, now I can look back with levity and with light, and now I'm saying, okay, learn from what I went through. You know what I'm saying? Learn from that moment when Kevin Hart left me on the set a ride alone to go shoot a standup special. And I almost sunk the whole movie. Dang. What? Emini here. I don't wanna hear you talk bad about Kev no more. After reading chapter 22, which was chapter 22. Chapter 22, if all else fails, open a fruit stand. Yeah. It benefits the fuel system. Yes.


And I don't wanna give it all away. Yeah. But I'll Just say, you got into Jamaica with an inspired passport. I snuck into a foreign country and you called Shayla to fix that problem for you. Going into a country with an expired passport isn't, fearlessness is criminal. It was not the smartest thing I've ever done. I don't even got Shayla behind you. I, that's criminal. And I had just started Shout out to Shayla. It was, you know what the point of that when you read that chapter, sir, it sometimes you can get away with crime. No. That is not.


The World is constantly changing. It's up to you to decide how to respond. Choose to be bold to try something new. Choose to reinvent yourself. That's what Nissan did with the all new totally reimagined kicks. The dynamic new exterior styling immediately announces that Nissan isn't messing around the interior. A completely redesigned cabin with premium features like wireless Apple call play, and a panoramic moonroof make driving a kicks immersive and exciting. And with new performance and safety features, like intelligent all-wheel drive, the kicks is both fun and safer to drive than ever before. It is the dawning of a brand new era for the Nissan Kicks. Only one question remains. Is it a new era for you as well? Drive the all new Reimagined Nissan Kicks today. Available features compatible device service and consumer activation of Nissan Connect Services. Package required use only when safe and legal subject to third party service availability. For more information, see Nissan usa.com/connect/legal. Apple CarPlay is a trademark of Apple Link. Intelligent All-Wheel Drive cannot prevent collisions or provide enhanced traction in all conditions. Always monitor traffic and weather conditions.


Hey fam, if you're like me, you are thinking about how to level up in your career. Maybe you're fresh out of college, just starting in your field, or even looking to switch things up and find your true calling. Whatever stage you're in, remember that this is your time to grow, to learn, and to build something that lasts. State Farm understands that early career development is key to long-term success. They've been a steady presence in our communities, and they know that having the right support early on can make all the difference. State Farm is there to help you make smart moves and to help you get the coverage you need. We all know that the journey to success is a marathon, not a sprint. It's about staying focused, staying grounded, and making sure you're protected every step of the way. Let's build our careers with confidence, knowing that State Farm is there to support us just like they've always been, because like a good neighbor, a State Farm is there. Find out more at State Farm dot com.


Ready to celebrate the magic of Live Music South by Southwest Music Festival returns to Austin, Texas this March 10th through the 15th with a fresh lineup of legendary and rising talent. Join a global community of music lovers, artists, industry professionals and creatives at the 2025 South by Southwest Music Festival, with hundreds of showcasing artists performing across six days and over 50 venues. Discovery is right around the corner at South by Southwest. Explore the lineup@sxsw.com.


We wanna take a second to talk about something serious. Did you see the new commercial from Standup to All? Hate? If you haven't watched it, pause the podcast right now and go check it out. All right. So you have Snoop and Tom Brady in each other's faces saying all the ways they hate each other, right? But when you actually hear those two icons say it, the reasons for hating someone or something are really just stupid. So there's no reason to hate on someone, you know? Right? This commercial made me look around. There is so much hate in this country and it's got to stop. So join us at iHeart and standing up against the hate. If you see someone getting hate, speak up, call it out. Your voice is one of the most powerful tools there is in this fight. And you can learn more by following at what's up with hate. Or show your support by posting the blue square emoji and using the hashtag Stand Up to All Hate At the point of it.


And that is not what it was. It was the fact that I was first, it was one of my first dates with this new woman that I had met and met this amazing woman named Heather. And man, you sneaking into the country. You know what I'm saying? Listen, you know what it was, Jess, we got to the counter and my passport was expired because with a passport, you know, it's, it's like seven, eight years or something, right? Yeah, that's good. But that's also the problem. You don't think about it. Right? I got to that counter and they said my passport was expired. This is my first trip outta town and I'm trying to be impressive. And she looking at me like, oh, I'm with that guy. I'm with the guy that don't even have an active passport and no, check this stuff out and you will pass out. I what? So I was like, I got to figure this out.


So I had do tell the story about how I snuck in. The bad thing was that I was able to get out of America. And I didn't think about the fact that once I got into the country, my passport was still expired And I would've preferred to be an American jail versus a Jamaican jail. So I kind of didn't think it all the way through. But here's the point. We all have situations, right? Life is hard. Yeah. Where we have to then decide after we are in a situation that we can't control. 'cause once I got into Jamaica, I was there. I had the best vacation ever. Mm. Because at that point, you gotta go hard. So I encourage people, right? There are times when you get into a situation that you just gotta say, you know what? There's nothing I can do, but live my life to the fullest in this moment.


Don't stress about it. Don't get anxiety about it once you're in it. Once I was in Jamaica And I snuck in, I knew I might go to jail. I said, yo, I'm gonna have a good ass time. Well, you undergo her. 'cause her group chat, you ain't wanted to tell her friends she passport. Like, what? But, but I locked that down after she's my wife now. That's right. That's Heather. She is here with me right now. But did you tell your friends? Yes. She told she soon, Heather, you were an accomplice. I just want you to know that you can Oh yeah. Heather. Heather, definitely. Yeah. She had to flirt with the Jamaican dude to help us get into the country. I know. I didn't wanna say all that. No, no, I did. I definitely, I definitely threw my wife out there. It's not one of my proudest moments. I said, babe, you gotta do what you gotta do. When Kev wanted to go do his standup and go to the party afterwards, no.


Yes. We here now. Kev was, was completely irresponsible. Do not try to defend that man. He was irresponsible. He knew exactly what he was doing. It was the biggest movies is our careers. And he overbooked himself. Come on man. That was the biggest moment Of your career or life with Heather, you 15 years later. It was. It was. And it panned out. Exactly. And one thing I will say about Kev, if anything, he works too hard. It wasn't malicious in what he did. He overbooked. 'cause he does work too hard. And that's the other thing, the most successful people who have accomplished things that you may look and say, how do I get there? The only difference between them and you is just that they haven't stopped. That's it. Mm. They just keep going. They've made all kinds of mistakes. Right? They've had to pivot. And I always say, giving up and quitting are two different things. Never ever, ever give up.


But you can quit. You might be doing something the wrong way. You might need to quit. Everybody I know that's really successful has quit doing something some way and pivoted the power of the pivot. Never give up. All right. We got more with Will Packer when we come back. It's The Breakfast Club. Good morning. Morning everybody. It's DJ Envy, just hilarious. Charlamagne the guy. We are The Breakfast Club. Lauren the Rosa is here with us as well. We're still kicking in with Will Packer, his new book, who Better Than You? The Art of Healthy Arrogance and Dreaming Big is out. Now shaming. I wanna get to the Art of the Pivot, but first I wanna ask you about the chapter that says Stay in your lane. Yeah. Just Just make it wide. Yeah. You know, lean into your thing. Yes. How does one avoid being typecasted by leaning into their thing And when do you know the pivot?


Yeah. You know it. The whole point of that chapter is about when you have something that you do really, really well. Because many times people are afraid of being locked into something that people will think, that's all I can do. Right? Right. But if you do that thing and you do it really, really well, do not stop. Okay? Don't stop. The most successful people have a thing that they do and they do it well. Then they use the ability to be successful in Elaine to go out and do something else. I'm only able to write this book with a major publisher because I've been very successful in a particular medium. Right? True. Now I'm able to go and do other things. So don't worry about that. Oh well I can do so much other stuff.


What's the thing you do really well? Do that. Triple down on that. Be the best person in that particular field. And by the way, find your passion within that. Right? Too many times people are telling me, well, I'm not passionate about something. I gotta wait to find my passion. And before I go out and work really hard, and I'm telling you, you're building a brand from day one, work hard today. I didn't have a passion to be a filmmaker. I will admit that. Really? But I was, I did not, that was not my dream growing up. But I found that I was really good at knowing how to hire actors and raise money and self-distribute. And then I found the passion in storytelling later. So I found the thing I was really, really good at.


And then I found my passion within it. I encourage people to do that. Don't worry about being typecast. Stay in your lane. But you can make it wide. I'm not trying to pigeonhole you and I'm not trying to limit what you can do, but stay in your lane. Too often we are trying to do too much. And now you can't be the person that's doing everything the best. That is just not how humans work. What's the thing you do? Well, triple down on that. So once you've leaned into your thing and you find that thing, there's never a pivot from that thing. It can be a pivot where you use that thing, you use your ability, you use your brand, you use the fact that you have got credibility in a particular space. You have done the exact same thing. You use the fact that you have credibility in one lane in order to then expand your lane.


Right? But it should still all be about, this is the thing that I do. That's why I say stay in your lane, but make your lane wide. Is there ever a time where like you're 'cause Emini here? I'm look, I remember when you told the story about Kevin the last time you guys were here. Yeah. And now I'm seeing it in context of this book of like, who better than you? And I feel like in that moment he had the arrogance to be like, I can do both of these. I'm gonna be fine and it's all gonna work out. But things like that can kind of get pretty tricky. 'cause what if it hadn't have worked out? Right? Is there ever a moment where you have to tell somebody who's coming to you for this type of who better than you advice? Like maybe this is not it for you right now. Maybe there's someone better than you right now, but that doesn't mean later you might not be able to have that. Who better than you, Eric? You have to be honest with yourself, number one.


Right? We live in a world where people think either they are too great or they are too awful. Roderick Kipling has a poem called If. And my favorite stance in that poem is if you can meet with triumph and disaster and treat those two imposters just the same, that is saying that both triumph and disaster are imposters. Neither of them are real. Right? Too many times because we post something on social media, everybody tell you, oh my God, you the greatest thing ever is so good. Or the opposite. They just hate on you telling you how awful you are. Neither of that is true. You gotta stay even keel. So the first thing you gotta do is be honest about you and your skillset.


It's the only way you're gonna get better. Don't worry about external factors. You gotta have a very honest conversation. One of the things I talk about in the book is how we have to make sure I'm a daily affirmation type of person. You are there encouraging yourself, right? Giving yourself positivity, telling yourself how you're ready, how you're prepared, what you can do. But also being very, very honest with yourself. I don't care what you tell The World. Don't lie to yourself. Lie to your mama. Lie to your cousin. Lie to your boyfriend, girlfriend, husband, wife. Do not lie to yourself. Be very, very clear about what it is that you do. Well. Yeah. You know, I wanna talk to you about the Packer family motto too. If you want to have what others want, you have to do what others don't. Yeah. Yeah. I see you got your mom with you. Did that come from her or, yeah, I got moms.


I got, you know what, it's something that mom instilled in me, you know? And I was growing up, mom and dad, they, they took me like, you know, like Simba and the Lion King and lifting me up and said, you know, whatever the son touches is your son. Like I encourage my folks with kids do that. Tell your kids. 'cause that's when they're the most impressionable. Tell them they can do anything. They told me that. And so I was very audacious growing up with my family. It's me, my wife, we have four children. So that's the six pack. If you wanna have what others don't, you have to be willing to do what others won't. Period. That is the mantra. The mantra is that understand whatever it is that you want to do. If anybody else can do it, then it's not special. You're not gonna get it right.


You're not gonna get something that's unique. You gotta be willing to do what others are not to get that thing. And I believe that the more you do hard things, the better you become at hard things. The more hard things you do, the easier, hard things become. So don't run from doing hard things. Don't run from doing the things that everybody else says is crazy. That's the only way you're gonna get strength. And to build that muscle is by doing those hard things. Why I say dream big? Because your dream has gotta be so big because there's gonna be challenges along the way. It's gotta be so big that it pushes you past those challenges inevitably. Because if the dream is just a mediocre dream, like man, it'd be kind of cool to do that. Then when you run into a speed bump that's really hard, you're gonna say, you know what?


It ain't worth it. I'm cool. Right? But if the dream is so big, right? Emini here, so big four color, four H, 4K hd like super crazy beyond your wildest dreams big. Then when you do hit that hard moment, those challenges, you know, it's worth it to keep going and keep fighting because the dream is big enough. Mm. Is Will Packer allowed to turn his own book into a movie? Yeah. Or limited series? Yeah. Yeah. Emini here it's I'm Will Packer. Okay. You know I can, did you think about doing that? I can do that. I Saw Heather in the background instead. You Know what Heather say in the background? See, I don't know. I just saw something. Oh, it was, oh really? I was giving a lean like maybe, no, don't do it right now or something. I, you know what I, I'm, I'm, I made this book not to turn into a movie or a TV show.


You never say never. 'cause you know, one of my biggest movies is think Like a man Steve Harvey will tell you he never thought of that as a movie. Mm. Never. He never wrote it for that. I wrote this to give the master mentorship that I didn't have. I have people coming to me a lot and saying, tell me about your success story. Tell me about your failures. Tell me about what you had to overcome. And so when I tell these stories, right? And I talk about, you know, Beyonce turning me down five times or Idris Salba, you know, almost not walking the carpet at the first Emmy's and how you get past that. Like when I tell these stories, I'm doing that so that other people can benefit from. Mm. So I could turn it to a movie, but that's not what I made it for. I literally made this book so that I could influence other folks who are either on their way up thinking about making a pivot or living a life that they know could be a little more fulfilling.


Well we appreciate you for joining us. Will Packer new book, who Better Than You? The Art of Healthy Arrogance and Dreaming Big Out right now. Always a pleasure to see you go out there and buy this book. Make it a New York Times bestseller, man. Appreciate you fam. Absolutely appreciate you man. Thank you. Thank y'all for having me Charlamagne. And thank you because you are somebody that you know, And I told you this, we, we saw each other at the Democrat National Convention And I told you I had written my first book And I was inspired by your books and by reading your books dope. And just seeing that process and the grind that you put in. So you never know who's watching and who you're inspiring. Thank you. My brother. Brother. So thank you my brother. Thank you for having me. It's Will Packer. It's The Breakfast Club. Good morning. Just with the messes up next. Good morning everybody. It's DJ Envy. Jess. Hilarious.


Charlemagne the guy. We are The Breakfast Club. Let's get to just with the mess. Music Moore just don't do no lying. Nobody Worldwide, just worldwide mess On The Breakfast Club. She's a cultureship. She was able to get y'all to see something and understand something that nobody could get you to see. It's time to set it on. So Drake is on tour. He been having tantrums girl, he been doing all types of acts. He's been, you know, trying to prove that he's not dead. He's very much alive. That's a lot going on. I don't even know why though. Emini here, but, But, but he is charting so I am gonna give him that.


Yes, He's charting. That is exactly where I was about to go. Yeah. I don't know why because at this point, I know we talked about it in here And I know y'all don't care for sex. Some sexy tongues for you, but the boy is moving. He is right now some sexy songs for you is supposed to be headed to number one on Billboard. Nice. Congratulations there. Nice, Nice, Nice, nice big. That's a big thing for him because I feel like, I'm not even gonna lie, I feel like the Kendrick goggles of not like us has changed the way I even look. A lot of people look at Drake. Yeah. Which Is so unfair For him. Drake is still a superstar. He's, he still has call fans. He's still gonna hit number one on all those charts. I know He still got the labels calling saying what song, you know, should be at radio.


So even through the lawsuit. I know, but its just, they Did that last week. It's hard to not look at some of the things and then like to see what he's doing. And then you just immediately think back to some of Kendrick's lyrics. Like remember he was like, I hate the way that you walk, the way that you talk, even the way that you dress. Yeah. People talk about his outfits on tour. The outfits. Yes. And I'm like, that's crazy because I, I feel even the stuff he's been doing on tour, so like the shoot, there was like one, one girl, He was, He was like Songs and the flame through the, The Rosen jersey there. But You been doing the shooting thing. But That's what I'm saying. For a long time in all this time, I Literally said to myself, I'm like, but he's been doing this so didn't realize I never Seen them do it was Same thing with the outfits. He been doing the outfits too. Them them?


No, no, no. He used To dress a little bit. Now he, Them them funny outfits and the match and outfits with the bright colors, he would do them too. I ain't never seen him wear a t-shirt. I said, where do you see my d in the arrow pointing his Mouth Emini here. Probably not that exact t-shirt, but like where Was that at That, that was that t-shirt that he had on in Australia. It was, where do you see my, and then it pointed down, There's no arrow pointing to his mouth. It was pointing at his mouth and he was, that wasn't on stage. They was, that was, he was walking around. I've Never seen him with a hoodie on with smoke coming from the holes. Like I just, you know, I I did. I think it's a lot, even though you know that's headed up the charts. I know. Gimme a hug. Hit number one on like us like a Apple music chart as well too. Amazing. Yeah. IIII do think that the Kendrick Lamar not like us Effect is a thing because even he posted there, well he, there was a video of like a drone that was flying around.


I think it was just like a promotional ad, low key for Drake and Steak, which is where he be doing his sports gambling. Yep. And even when I saw that, I'm like, why he doing all that? I it is like we've, we've been, I love D Drake. Our blinders have been taken off. I'm so Confused. Yeah. But he did, he did these stupid videos before. I know. You know what, I and everybody loved it before. So You Say before he always Stupid, he would always do these stupid videos. What Is his conversation like? The Workout video would tell Swift Dre I wanted to show Drake some love because the music is chart And I don't know how, Doesn't Sound like love But go ahead. I know. See It's the first of all, y'all are having a conversation about Drake that's been going on since the beginning of time. Drake has always charted and he's always been corned. I ain't never seen, I honestly never seen him as corny until just now.


To be honest with you, We weren't considering him. And some girls are like, he can G Drake ha over here, baby G Drake. Okay. Day one I'm Aer me, he's a Drake hater. But he's always done them stupid commercials like him working out and, and act like he's listening to music. He's listening to Taylor Swift as he works out. He's always done these stupid Commercials. And he also, he has a, a huge fan base. He does even, even whether or not Kendrick Lamar won the rap battle. We know that. And he's still charting and making but Drake still has a base. Yeah, Huge base hundred. A hundred percent. Yeah. Wow. And other news. Exactly Because I Don't on him No more. He give out Birkins and Chanels. We gonna leave him alone. He ain't giving us one. I got one. I got Chanel No from Drake. Drake from Drake. His birthday party.


Yeah. Oh, he gave You one? He rap. He literally raffles him off at his birthday party. The big One. Well he ain't getting another one. 'cause you sitting next to the biggest hater here. So that's the Biggest. He just gave You one. He raffles them. He gave out five that night. Nah, I don't believe that. I Swear my sister used to dance for him on the Scorpion tour And I went to his birthday party. He, that's it's little sister. No, she not my, she not my real sister That was ready to say If you ever been to Drake's Store, where you Coming From? You make, You might as well just tell us now. Lord. What happened? YI Promise I went to Drake's birthday party and he gave away five Chanel bags that night. And I was one of 'em. I didn't think it was real. I even went up to them And I was like, yo, what is going on? And they were like, we do this all the time Than you. Right. I don't have it today, but y'all have seen it before.


It's the big boy, the the the gray one. Oh, Okay, okay. Oh yeah. The one that I said I like. No, no, no, it's not Cat. She do got big. No, she do got the big Chanel. That's the one I told her I like, I do like it anyway in Tyler News. So she sat down with British, British Vogue, Kiki and with the last time when she was up here, she was Dragging Charlamagne. Yeah. British Bowl. She Yeah. Asked her a question and she looked like, Who are You talking to? Or whatever. I'm sorry, I shouldn't try. What accent was that? She, it was something like that. Yes. Okay. Yes. So Tyler Sound like you sell a fictional, but I know mother man time. I know you say it like that. She go ahead. Okay, So Tyler was here at The Breakfast Club and she was asked the question about how she identifies as a black woman or not.


Gotcha. She recently brought this back up when she was speaking to British Vogue. Let's take a listen to though, what happened when she came here on The Breakfast Club, Boom me on these debates that they be having about your identity as a South African colored person. What does, what does that even mean? Can we Yeah, can we not? Oh, I like that we keeping that in the interview too. Up man. I like when they talk from the back and say we can't, I like that. That's good. That's even better. Alright. Tyler wasn't That bad, was it? Man, that baby whip that neck around Like Uhuh. He asking a question that we said don't ask. By the way the label made that bad.


Okay. Because the label came in here and said don't ask these questions. Of course I'm gonna ask that question. But we told, we told the, the label that we was gonna ask the questions that and and, and it wasn't gonna happen. Look how I asked the question. I said, school me giving her an opportunity to You was polite. You said it nice. It wasn't an attack. And Then even, and then it was like 12 things on the lists we couldn't talk about. It was like, dang, well what else can we ask? You know? But Well, when she sat down with British Vogue in, in context, like in, in, you know, fullness of the conversation, she was talking about, you know, just her career and representing where she's from and you know, just how she's been handling all of that and, and what representation is like for her and why she doesn't feel the pressure to do so anymore. And they brought up the interview and they said that the interview basically like made the matter kind of worse. And they asked her, you know, why didn't she answer?


And she says, you know, me choosing not to say anything, I'm happy that I didn't, I didn't want to explain my culture and something that is really important to me on a platform that is just going to be purposefully misconstrued. I've explained it a lot of times before, but people took that and put words in my mouth. They said a whole bunch of things that I never said and ran with it. If people really search, they'll see that in South Africa we had a lot of segregation. It was bad for a lot of us. They just classified us. And that's just so happens to be the name that the white people called us. They chose to call, they chose to call people that were mixed colored. And I'm not gonna lie, it was hard because all my life, obviously I knew I'm black, but I also knew that I'm colored. So when I went to America and people were like, you can't say that. I was in a position where I was like, oh, so what do I do? What am I Then she could have said that here.


She could Said that here. Yeah, definitely could have said, She could've answered that here. Charlemagne didn't a ask it a negative way. Emini here, aggressive way. She coulda just answered just like that. Right? It's true. In South Africa was a lot of segregation. There was a lot of things going on in the past and all that stuff. And she, she's still young, but ever since she was a little girl, you know, she's been called colored and she get over here and we care more about the actual color you are than, than just being colored. You know? So it's just, it's cultural differences. But she definitely could have said it. Well she Probably more prepared to answer it now. Yeah. I think that doesn't make, she Didn't wanna be, I Challeng also think it's more, it, I think she might've been nervous about how she would be challenged in this room versus the sit down. Definitely British Vogue is a little bit more, but they not gonna, in his print you can see a Copy. What challenge her on though?


He said challenge her about, I said, school me on it. He didn't test it, he just said school Melin. To be very honest, it is, this is a very intimidating room depending on who you are. People come up for interview, people do come, you know, they come up here nonetheless. But they come up here just like sometimes people might come up here on on Edge and until they realize how cool that you are and, and that you not this ugly person. You know what I'm saying? On the inside. Excuse me. Yeah. I'm glad you said on the inside. Inside because he not me right now outside, you know, you know. But Once they realize his whole face match, you know? Right. Then they'd be like, oh, okay. He not so big by the Lauren. You look better with that fake Chanel. But listen, you know, yesterday, right? We do this all the time.


Whenever guests come up, whenever guests come up here, if guests have things that we don't want them to ask, it's up to us whether or not we say yes or no to the request. That literally happened yesterday. You know, the person that called and said, Hey, oh yeah, yeah, I want to come up, but I don't want to be asked about this. And we said, well, we don't think we cannot ask you about that. And so the person decided not to do the interview. Ain't nothing wrong with that. Yeah, that's nothing wrong with That. That's right. That's right. Well it's some breaking news. Oh my God. Break it real quick. Girl. Cassie is pregnant. That's not breaking. Was on. That was on the on the stream. Go fix an hour ago, man. Go Adjust your Wig. Man. That popped up about an hour wig up an ago.


I seen it like an hour ago. So why you didn't say nothing wearing Your wig? I used to wear his hat To the side. You so mad, so mad. The Breakfast Club back. Wake up, wake up. You're locked into The Breakfast Club. We wanted know how you came up with the donkey Because you're, I'm not, what did I Don A bunch of donkeys out here in the Street. That is why Charlemagne is here. If We live a life where we bite our tongue based off who we may offend, we never will say anything. Hey, give to on The Breakfast Club. In the words of Charlemagne, God, he's a donkey that oh man.


Charlemagne, you giving donkey the day to who? Now? Donkey The day for Wednesday, February 19th goes to Terrell Fron known as ASAP Rally. Now I never heard of a brother before this case with ASAP Rocky. If you haven't heard by the way, asap, Rocky was facing two felony counsel of assault with a firearm in connection with this altercation that happened with ASAP Rally. But yesterday he was acquitted of shooting ASAP Rally found not guilty on all charges. Let's go to a BC news for report please. Asap Rocky was looking at more than two decades behind bars if he had been found guilty. So if we put ourselves in his shoes, it's easy to understand the amount of emotion and joy and relief we saw from him when the verdict was handed down.


Not Guilty. Relief and joy as asap Rocky heard, not guilty. The rapper whose real name is Raki Mayer's literally leaping into the arms of his partner, superstar Rihanna. It was the first of two verdicts handed down in his favor as he faced two felony counts of assault with a deadly weapon accused of firing a semi-automatic firearm at former friend ASAP Rally in November of 2021. This Whole experience has been crazy for the past four years. But I'm thankful nonetheless. I'm thankful that's right. And this we blessed to be here right now to be a free man talking to y'all. Thank you. All praises due To God traveling a clue Bombs for ASAP Rock. All praise do to God. Why they keep calling him Rakim? I thought it was Rakim.


Ain't he named after Rakim? Rakim, yeah. Yeah. They keep saying Rakim, but let's be clear. ASAP Rally was just trying to get paid. All right. Nothing more, nothing less. And this is The World that we live in. When you are a person of stature, you know, some celebrity people think you got some paper, you will always look like a walking lick to those folks. Which is why my advice to everyone who got something to lose isolation, right? Put your boundaries up, stay within your circle. Everybody that's not within that circle is dangerous. And as we see in this case, sometimes people in your circle are dangerous most of the time. The most dangerous. Now, I know this type of betrayal has been going on since the beginning of time, but we really in a sue happy world, and you got folks like ASAP Rally who are looking for a quick payday and they don't care who they lie on to get it.


Now, the reason ASAP Rally is getting donkey today is because he can't even rat. Right? All right, rally you just on the stand and got caught lying every which way. Emini here. You took the stand and just lied, lied, lied every which way you could possibly think of. I'm talking up, up, down, down, left, right, left, right. Press B, press a press start. Oh really? You going to need all the lives you can get? Okay, you got on the stand and tried to take Rocky out, but you're spitting the wind and now you the one with Hawk tour on your chin. Okay? According to Rocky's defense, you committed perjury. All right? Allegedly. Okay. Some of your mistruths, according to TMZ in the New York Times, included you denying shooting guns at a firing range in LA only to be confronted with video of you shooting guns at a firing range in la Rocky's lawyer, asap Joe, what's his name?


Taco. Taco Pina asap. Joe Taco, I think to Toco Pina, he thinks you're a liar so much that he blamed the LA County's DA office for embracing perjury. Now, what I found interesting was there was these phone calls and then the phone calls, you admitted you just wanted some money, okay? In fact, you said you wanted to try to shake Rocky down for money in a certain way because you didn't want be accused of extortion. Can we listen to that call? I already, I already know I'm at 30. I walk away because I on just relax. Get what I'm saying. They're gonna be scrambling to find me because now they have to go against Rocky, the state and they have evidence and this, that not gonna be the same when you presented to a jury.


Yeah. And you don't have a complainant witness. Now this call was presented in court and listen to what re said about the call. Wonderful Mr. Everyone. 'cause you guys just keep playing fake audio to me. Like fake stuff. I never said none of that. To you, it doesn't even make sense. It was in that moment that the jurors made up their mind, okay? Between this and the fact that the weapon Rocky had was a prop gun. By the way, Rocky don't ever do that. Why you walking around with a prop gun for protection? Okay, how is that gonna scare somebody? Alright. Especially somebody with a real gun. What if they quick on the draw than you? What if they pulled theirs while you pull yours? Then what? You rich higher armed security.


But listen, rally, the moral of the story is y'all Negros watch too much power. Okay? Matter of fact, you not even power you empire. You wasn't even trying to be realistic rally. Okay? If Rally was a GPS, you'd never reach your destination. It'd be just a bunch of wrong turns and detours. He's the friend that tells you he's five minutes away and hasn't even left the house yet, just lying for no reason. And really, you found out firsthand what happens when you put your hand on a Bible and lie Rocky found not guilty but you. Oh, no, no, no. You wasted the DA's time playing around. Somebody gotta go to jail. Okay? Why not the guy who allegedly may have committed perjury? Why not the guy who allegedly was trying to extort their friend for $30 million rally?


You said they was gonna be scrambling to find you on an island. Well, I think that in the future, that island's gonna be Rikers. Okay? Please let ri ma give Terrell efrin AKA asap. Rally the biggest Heehaw Heehaw heehaw. You stupid mother. Are you dumb Boy? Boy? People can lie. He should Be prosecuted. That's crazy. If he was found Persian prosecuted, N words can lie for no reason, can't they? Because people Gotta stop that. Yeah. What All? Well, thank you for that donkey today. You Lie all the time. Who? You. I tell you I'm lying though. And I tell you, trust me, even though I'm lying, okay? And I tell you that you should believe me even when I'm lying, the moral of the story is, I'm telling you I'm lying.


All right, Well let's open up the full lines. Thank you for that donkey today. 805 8 5 1 0 5 1. There's a new study and the study says 40% of women claim they avoid having children out of fear of becoming a single mother. That's The topic y'all came up with. Yes. You got One we got? Yes, I did have one. What is it? You okay? A working mother who wakes up every single day. How? How old is Marley now? Six months. Six months. Six months. You work, you wake up every day, come to work. Lactating doing standup on the weekends. Okay. Where do you find the balance of work and family life? Literally. Still trying to find it.


Hmm. It's ongoing for me. I'm still trying to balance that. It's crazy. And then, you know, that's just the things that you know, I do. I do so many other things still too. And then I have a 12-year-old son. You know, I have a partner and that's why I understand even that study is like these women, they are afraid Of The World is constantly changing.


It's up to you to decide how to respond. Choose to be bold to try something new. Choose to reinvent yourself. That's what Nissan did with the all new totally reimagined kicks. The dynamic new exterior styling immediately announces that Nissan isn't messing around the interior. A completely redesigned cabin with premium features like wireless Apple call play, and a panoramic moonroof make driving a kicks immersive and exciting. And with new performance and safety features like Intelligent Drive, the Kicks is both fun and safer to drive than ever before. It is the dawning of a brand new era for the Nissan Kicks. Only one question remains. Is it a new era for you as well? Drive the all new re-imagined Nissan Kicks today. Available Features compatible device service and consumer activation of Nissan Connect Services. Package required use only when safe and legal subject to third party service availability For more information, see Nissan usa.com/connect/legal. Apple CarPlay is a trademark of Apple Link. Intelligent All-Wheel Drive cannot prevent collisions or provide enhanced traction in all conditions. Always monitor traffic and weather conditions.


Hey fam, if you're like me, you are thinking about how to level up in your career. Maybe you're fresh out of college, just starting in your field, or even looking to switch things up and find your true calling. Whatever stage you're in, remember that this is your time to grow, to learn, and to build something that lasts. State Farm understands that early career development is key to long-term success. They've been a steady presence in our communities and they know that having the right support early on can make all the difference. State Farm is there to help you make smart moves and to help you get the coverage you need. We all know that the journey to success is a marathon, not a sprint. It's about staying focused, staying grounded, and making sure you're protected every step of the way. Let's build our careers with confidence, knowing that State Farm is there to support us just like they've always been, because like a good neighbor is. State Farm is there. Find out more at State Farm dot com.


Ready to celebrate the magic of Live Music South by Southwest Music Festival returns to Austin, Texas this March 10th through the 15th with a fresh lineup of legendary and rising talent. Join a global community of music lovers, artists, industry professionals and creatives at the 2025. So by Southwest Music Festival, with hundreds of showcasing artists performing across six days in over 50 venues. Discovery is right around the corner at South by Southwest. Explore the


lineup@sxsw.com. We wanna take a second to talk about something serious. Did you see the new commercial from Standup to All? Hate? If you haven't watched it, pause the podcast right now and go check it out. All right, so you have Snoop and Tom Brady in each other's faces saying all the ways they hate each other, right? But when you actually hear those two icons say it, the reasons for hating someone or something are really just stupid. So there's no reason to hate on someone, you know? Right? This commercial made me look around. There is so much hate in this country and it's got to stop. So join us at IHA and standing up against the hate. If you see someone getting hate speak up, call it out. Your voice is one of the most powerful tools there is in this fight. And you can learn more by following at what's up with hate. Or show your support by posting the blue square emoji and using the hashtag Stand up to all Hate


Being Left by Themselves, left alone to do it by themselves. You know, I have help and it's still hard. You know what? Emini here. So I definitely, And you got a lot of help. You got a, I have a lot of help. You got a man, you got your, your Mom, you got Nanny and sister. Sister Nanny, and my sister. Yeah. Even with a strong supportive foundation, it is still so hard because when that baby want me, she only want me. She don't, you know it, it's Chris Ain't lactating. No. Nope. And she know, she be looking at that chest like, boy, where, you know what, Emini here. So it's like, it's, it's a lot. It can be a lot at times, but I'm still trying it, it's ongoing. I don't have it figured out yet. So think about all of the women who don't have the means that Jess has that listen to us every single day.


And you know, they're trying to find, you know, that that balance between work and family life. Because they still gotta get up and go to work even though they got newborns and everything else. Those are the people I want to talk to this morning. All right, well let's talk to 'em ladies. 805 8 5 1 0 5 1 balance. And somebody might Be Single. How do you balance work and family life? Talk to us. All right, we'll take your calls when we come back. It's The Breakfast Club. Good morning. The Breakfast Club. Daddy calling my phone, Man. It, it's topic time. Call 805 8 5 1 0 5 1 to join into the discussion with The Breakfast Club. Morning everybody. It's DJ Envy.


Jess. Hilarious. Charlemagne the guy. We are The Breakfast Club. If you're just joining us, we're taking your phone calls. (800) 585-1051. And we're talking to women this morning about work, family balance and how difficult it is. And we started with you, Jess, and you working Mothers. Yeah. Jess is a, you know, I don't know people realize it, but they should. You got a six month old at home and a 12-year-old and a 12-year-old. Yeah. And you still get up every morning to bring your ass in here to work. Absolutely, yes. Amongst doing a million other things. Oh my gosh. Yes. So many other things. And then yo, you know, for a lot, a lot of people may look at me like, you know, and look at a lot of people with money. Oh, you got money so you good. Yo money is not even like half of it. You, you gotta have the mental to do it. Like you gotta show up and you can't, you can't be tired, you know, with no baby and with just doing everything that I'm doing.


Like I have businesses, I got products. I'm, I'm in the middle of a rebrand. I'm touring, I'm waking up three 30 every morning to make sure I look good to come up here. And then when you on the radio, like this breakfast club, I can't come in here. Like, I don't feel like, like I have to show up. I gotta be just hilarious. I, you know what, Emini here, because then for the listeners, how they gonna wake up, but I ain't, you know, so it is, it's a lot. It definitely is a lot. But I, I do not have it all figured out. Like I ain't even trying to act like I do. I really don't. So, and You're allowed to be tight. Yeah. Like you're allowed to come in here, you know what I'm saying? And have your, your days and you know, whether, if listeners notice that or anybody in the room notices that there's a reason behind it. Well, and then the main thing is when you go home is having the patience, right?


Yes. Because you have ash that wants to come and he wants to tell you about his day. Yes. And then you have the baby that once mommy went. Yep. When, Tell me about her day, you know, and then I got so many Other, and then you got your husband that you gotta make sure your, your man that you gotta make sure that he's okay. Yep. And then even the baby's grandmother, her the nanny. 'cause I, I gotta make sure she's good too. You know what, Emini here, just like, like if she has everything that she needs for the baby, she needs a break. And then I need a break. And then, you know, Chris need a break and then he's still working it. Then he, it's, it's, it's a lot to keep this thing going. For Sure. You could cut out the fact, cut out the outfit though. You don't gotta come in here looking good every morning. I cannot come here looking like you. Like I, I definitely want to come up.


Don't wanna come up here. I just don't want a sweatsuit. You, That's what I'm saying. No, I don't wanna come here looking like no stud charlamagne. Like I'm, I don't wanna do that. Those days are over. Those days are used to look like a stunt. Is that what you said? No makeup sweatsuits Walking in here. You know, because it depends. It depends. When I got no sweatsuit, I, I sound more like I'm just from round away, you know? But then I have to, I have to, I like to be just car robin more. Last Week you came in sweatsuit. I thought you here to fight somebody. I ain't, I was like, we fighting now. I was Fed up. I was, I be wanting to come in and cus y'all out evil. I I can't do it all the time. Hello. Who's this? Shakar. Hey Shakar. Good morning. Hey, good morning. Hi Jess. Hi Charlamagne. Hey. Hey Sha. I Guess what she, all Right now we're talking about work, family balance.


How you doing that mama? So, I did have a family about three years ago. It was me, my son's father. I have a son and we had just had a son and everything was going good until I had our child. You know, he would, you know, call out of work for like stupid reason. So after I had my son, I had to get back to work. I was working 10 hour shifts at Amazon And I would come home, you know, kids not fed and he's just on the game. So I decided to go into a shelter. I couldn't do it. I couldn't take care of a third child who's supposed to be a grown man. And it was extremely hard. You know, I had suicidal thoughts and everything, but, And I got through it. I left the relationship and it, it's hard.


It's still hard, but I feel like it's better than, you know, having a grown, a grown man dealing without doing anything. That's right. It's extremely tough, you know, so shout out to all the moms, especially the moms who's dealing with stuff that I've dealt with. Thank you Shakira. And Yeah, thank you guys. Problem. All right. And you know also the men out there, you definitely gotta help. I know a lot of times a lot of men will feel like they worked all day when they come home. But just, just think of the mom. They worked all day, they got the baby, they gotta cook sometimes. Yes. Take the baby in another room and y'all just chill out and give the mom, you know what I'm saying? Time to watch her favorite show or just take a shower or just relax. Yeah. Hello? Who's this? Hey this Pam, What's your name? Oh, hey Pam. Good morning. Talk to us Pam. So balancing of being a mother, like, so basically I'm a single mother 'cause my man is in jail.


Jail in a whole nother state. And I'm raising a teenage daughter and a 9-year-old daughter. And that's that. It's hard man. You know what I'm saying? Like you gotta keep your faith in God and just know that you gonna make a way even if it ain't no way. So all the mothers out there that, you know what I'm saying, don't got it going on right now or you know, can't figure it out. Just, you know, it's giving me a lump in my throat because being a mother is, it's a different thing, you know? And people don't realize that until they had these babies, you know. But he stay strong and Huh? How much longer your man got? He Be home. May he be home March 18th? Shout out to Suge free Su and BC rj. He be out there couple weeks. Oh, he be out in a couple weeks. How long you been down? Up?


Six months. You can't wait to hand them kids off. I absolutely. Shoot. That's a Celebration Too. Absolutely. I'm about to, I'm about to load up on some plan B because I ain't have another one Where, what she say she calling from? Where you calling from? Mama? I'm, I'm calling for Florida, Orlando, Florida. Okay. Okay. Okay. All right. Thank you. Pam. 805 8 5 1 0 5 1. We're talking about family work balance women. How difficult is it for you? Yeah. Had a working moms man salute to y'all. I knew that there was a lot of y'all out there man, but, but you know they go through a lot. That woman said she had a lump in her throat. Pam said she had a lump in her throat. Yeah, just talking about it. Wow. I see Jeff getting emotional when she talk about it.


Definitely Old fake ass dog. 805 8 5 1 0 5 1 less discussed is The Breakfast Club. Good morning. If y'all talking about it, you know we talking about it. It's topic time. Call 805 8 5 1 0 5 1 to join into the discussion with The Breakfast Club. Morning everybody. It's DJ, JNV. Just hilarious. Charlamagne De Guy. We are The Breakfast Club. If you're just joining us, we're talking about family work balance. How difficult is it for women, especially single women out there trying to do this all on their own with taking your calls? 805 8 5 1 0 5 1.


Jess was talking about how difficult it is with her doing comedy and The Breakfast Club. Yeah. And then one thing is like write another thing is writing comedy yo writing comedy and then writing a book. And then also just trying to keep up with like the internet with the, the whole skit thing. Like, you know, 'cause I used to do way more skits. I, it's like yo, it's never enough time in a day to do all of that stuff because I have to, you gotta write this skit. You just can't just do it. You gotta write it. You know? I used to be able to just do it like things come to my mind. But with my mind being on so many other things, no things just don't pop in my mind. No more jokes. No. So I have to sit down and like meditate to write new jokes and figure out what I'm gonna talk about when I get up up here, when I get up here.


And then content just, And I don't know, you never feel like you doing enough. How Much material comes from your, your real life now? Like, you know, your family, all of it. Dating a Mexican? Yes, all of that. Having a new baby at 32 versus when I was 19 when I got pregnant with Ash. And then just being the person who don't wanna talk on the phone to nobody no more. 'cause everybody wants something And then even when they don't want nothing, they got problems they wanna hear, they want you to hear them vent and it's like, like You ain't dealing with every day, Yo like damn they take that. Just fix my mess very seriously. And I love for people to do that 'cause that is an outlet where I can, you know, help people. But damn, ask me how I'm doing. Yeah, you need somebody to fix yours.


Definitely. I know what You're saying. We got Lola on the line. Lola, good morning. Good morning. DJ Envy. Hey Charlamagne, Jess. Peace Lola. Hey Lola. Good morning. Talk to us. Well the, the, the topic was about finding balance, right? And I think the key to finding balance is making time for yourself. Because I have three kids so it's hard to find time to do things for myself and you know, who get so caught up in busy and rushing around and doing things and accommodating everybody else. So I think the key to balance is finding time to do stuff for myself. Even if it's just going to get my hair done or taking time to read one of my books or I think that's, well it may not be the main key, but I think that is one of the keys to find a balance being a mother because it is hard.


But Isn't it even harder when you got a newborn? No, because even if you go away to get your head done, then you know you lactating and your breasts start to get hurt. You hurt and you can't wait to get back to 'em because you gotta feed them and you know, they can't wait for you to get home because they won't eat. Right. Well and planning and proper planning I guess would be another key. So, you know, you wanna make sure that you had that milk ready before you go to your appointment so you pump before you go. So I guess planning will also be approved. Plan, Balance, have the plan. Sometimes it ain't even all about the planning. I've been in the chair and had to pump while I was in the chair. You know what, Emini here with other people in the, in the hair salon. Like sometimes you can plan for things but it don't go as planned like, you know.


Right. Nicky, good morning. Good morning. Hey, how you feeling? Talk to us. We're talking work family balance this morning. Being a single parent, I think you never find a work balance. I was, I got married in 2012. My husband's incarcerated in 2018 And I've been a single parent basically ever since. And I think that does weigh heavy on women being afraid of having kids and being single because I never intended to not have a husband. So yeah, it was a blow to the family and it still is everyday dealing with it. So I think I learned different techniques as I go, but I don't think we ever figure it out. Yeah. Thank you Nikki. Hold on. You sound like, what did I miss? Did I miss what happened to the husband? You got locked up. You got locked up. Okay.


Okay. Yep. Yep. How Long you got? 19 years. Damn Jesus. How long you did? Yeah, so, so he's been gone since it's been seven years now. Wow. Well hold your head up. Damn. Yeah, I'm sorry about that. All Right, well is there moral to the story? Gosh, Emini here. Emini here. I think there's no such thing as a mom who has it all together and that's okay. Yeah. Yeah. No matter how much money you got, how much help you got? Yo. You have to just do your best to stay mentally fit. Absolutely. Because ly like you definitely will go crazy with a bunch of money and a bunch of people around you. Like, you still just have to always make sure that you getting some time for yourself. You gotta take care of yourself for sure. You Haven't even been able to do drugs the way you want to.


No. You see what I'm saying? No. Although I did shroom on my birthday and that was like a clarity thing. Like it was like I am doing something right. I am, you know, 'cause I don't stream just to, you know, have fun. Like I get a lot of clarity when I stream too. Yeah. You know, and it, I got a lot of clarity with that trip. Like, did you cry? Absolutely. Like a lot. But I also laughed and you know, we played around me, me and Chris, like we streamed together And I, I got exactly what I needed from that, that shrimp trip. So yeah. Alright. Amazing. Alright. With all the Working moms out there, Man. Swim to all the moms out there and all the fellas out there. We said this before, make sure you support if you can make sure you are there. Make sure you understand because we cannot do what them women can do when it comes to work balance as Charlemagne say.


Charlamagne been in this lactating thing right now. I don't know Charlamagne's lactating, but he been in the, in the milking thing. But definitely support our women out there. I got, my wife had four kids. I know how hard that is. You know what I'm saying? Just sitting up here four hours at a time. I ain't seen her. I I haven't seen her pump yet, but I know she do. I, because now more, I'm on a schedule now with it four 30 and then I pump at 12 'cause it's, i it's longer times in between now 'cause I'm not making as much as I was making. So I just have, I pumped three times a day now. That's It. Well we appreciate you busting your ass every day. Thank You. Absolutely. Robin Moore. Thank you. All we got just with the mess coming up. What we talking about? Oh my good. Cassie is having a baby. Biggest news of the day. Oh my goodness. Yes.


Right. Who would, who would expect it? Alright, we'll talk about that next sister. The Breakfast Club. Good morning. The Breakfast Club. Morning everybody. It's DJ Envy. Just hilarious. Charlamagne the guy. We are The Breakfast Club. Good morning on his Wednesday hump day and let's get to Jess with the Mess. News is real Hilarious. Jessica Robin Moore. Just don't do no lying. Don't Nobody Just worldwide mess on The Breakfast Club. She's the cultureship she was to get y'all to see something And understand something that nobody Could get you to see. It's time to set it on.


So Cany is on baby number three. Oh my God. Yes. She got so much money. She gave more kids into Canada number though, so that's what's up. Congratulations Cassie and her husband. What is her husband's name? Alex Fine. Alex fine. Alex fine. Yeah. The ba baby number three. She's posted on Instagram with the belly and the other kids in the photo. Yeah, it's a blue heart. So I'm I'm assuming it's a boy. Congratulations to her. But another love news, Kyle Kuzma. Winnie Harlow also got engaged. Congratulations. Congratulations. And Winnie made It for some time as well too. So when to slide that on in there since we're talking about love. Dang, this is, we going to take a hard right turn. Did we ever find out, remember when Winnie had said that thing about you on Instagram? She was Playing. Remember? She was like, just because she said I said something about her spice.


She Yeah, yeah, yeah. And I did, I went back And I I did say something but it wasn't bad though. It, it wasn't nothing bad. Then she had said like she was just playing and it just seemed like she was more aggressive 'cause she was intoxicated. But she said she was joking. She didn't really take that serious anyway. But what she said about her spots, I I just, I called her patchy matchy or something like that. It was, it was, it was very harmless. I so mad this little, it it was all right though, you know, match. Congratulations to her patch work. But it was harmless. Yeah. You know it was harm. Jesus. She's a cutie though. Her spot, her and her spot. She cute hard, right? Yeah. Where are we going? Where are we going with this? See that Diddy? Oh damn hard.


Right? Damn. From patches to Diddy all, what's going on with him? What's up with him? So P Puff's team, after Jay-Z got this dismissal to happen on the civil side with the allegations of the 13-year-old girl and all that stuff. Now Diddy's team is like, okay, the window's open, let's jump on in here. They are asking for dismissal, but they're asking for on the criminal side. They're actually, they filed docs on Tuesday asking for the judge to dismiss count number three of the US attorney's case against Puff the criminal indictment that they have. So act number three talks about like the man act. It's supposed to be in relation to like how you transport people to engage in prostitution, how Many men you gotta have sex with to have a man Act.


The man Act. They got a man act For that. That makes how You, it used to be called the white slave trafficking. Damn. Wow. Yes. It used to be it was changed in June of 20. June 25th, 1910. It was, that's when it was passed. But yeah, so it's called the Man Act now it's named after this. This guy A man. Yeah, he is a man. But anyway, but what Puff is saying is that the reason, the only reason why they included this is because they are being racist. Because under this act no black people have ever Emini here. No white people have ever been prosecuted. It's only been black people. He pointed out that this is the same acts that the government used to take down Chuck Berry and Jack Johnson, who were both black men.


And he also says that there is no white person that has ever been prosecuted under the white Slave Traffic Act for hiring male escorts. And he basically, he's saying me and my girlfriends had male escorts come into our relationship and it was consensual and the escort service is legal. So why am I being punished for this? Y'all doing this 'cause I'm a rich black man. So he's backed in or, Or the act is, And I just know that 'cause I just looked it up. 'cause it sounds so crazy, but it's a federal law that outlaws the transportation of women for immoral purposes. Hmm. Yeah, but he's saying that the transportation happened because the people wanted to be there and the the prostitutes or the male sex workers he was bringing into the relationship worked for a legal agency. He Said he Didn't force them. That That's, that's basically what he saying. I wonder if that matters though. 'cause it says the purpose of it is to prohibit the transportation of women for prostitution, debauchery, or other immoral purposes.


So does it matter if they wanted to do it or not? Or is that just how people perceive whatever it is that you're doing? Like if the, if the judge said what you did was the bot your are imal. It doesn't matter if the women are in or Not. Nah, I think if the, if it was consensual and the women wanted to go Emini here, I think Because prostitution is illegal. Yeah. Emini here if you, unless you wanna do it, No, prostitution is illegal. But even If you want to do it, it's Illegal. Oh wait, dang. Really? God. So what about the girls that sugar babies? You wanna tell us something? Yes, girl. Because that's why I was like, then I need to file a lawsuit. Yes. Because girl, I was definitely out here. Sugar babying. What day? He never was a prostitute though. No. Okay, anyway, go ahead. He's trying to basically Say, and, and it says it prohibits the coercion or enticement of women or girls for those sexual purposes.


But it does it say men too or just women, But co you, you, you, you just can't Why? Why you want to think about somebody and somebody's, it's so bad. Why? Shut Up. Go ahead Lauren. I'm listening. Coercing From money though. If it's your girlfriend or if this is a like, It's so confusing. It's such a slippery slope. Basically Puff just saying y'all need to Revisit this. All that baby oil. How could it not be? Yeah, like is that in a man act that you cannot use any type of debauchery? Do white people use baby oil? Hell no. For what? They, It don't have nothing to do with white people that, I don't even know why it called the White Slave Traffic Act. It Used to be called this, but Puff is saying that they're being racist. Okay. I don't know. We saw that Jay-Z, he seen Jay-Z was cleared and he was like, let me just take my chance. Lemme Try to man that and see what's Going on.


He jumping back in that. Yeah. Now has the discovery process happened yet where they put everything out or they still haven't done discovery where they know everything against him yet? Still not yet. They added more to the indictment member was Super city, but no, that we haven't got there yet. Alright, That is just with the mess. Thank you Lauren. Alright, you're welcome. Did you really look up baby oil in there to see if the, if they had baby oil in the man at No, No, No. She looked, she looked it up when Jess said it was a slippery show. Alright, well the People's Choice mixes up next. Get your request in 805. 8 5 1 0 5 1 is The Breakfast Club. Good morning, Wake up. Wake up. You're locked into The Breakfast Club. Morning everybody. It's DJ Envy, just hilarious Charlamagne ne guy. We are The Breakfast Club.


It's Black History Month. What we doing today, Man, every day during Black History month, my guy B dot puts out a podcast called, I didn't know, maybe you didn't either. On the Black Effect iHeartRadio podcast network. And today he is speaking about Alice Parker. She was the genius who invented central heating in 1919 proving that even in The World full of cold shoulders, her ideas could still heat things up. Let's discuss. I didn't know. I didn't know. I didn't know. Alice Parker was this brilliant black woman born way back in 1895. So already, you know, life wasn't handing out participation trophies to folks like her. But Alice looked around at how people were heating their homes using wood and coal and thought this is trash Emini here.


Imagine chopping wood and freezing cold weather just so you cannot freeze in your house. Alice had the genius idea of using natural gas for central heating that right? She basically said, what if we stop pretending we're on the Oregon Trail and brought some 20th century energy to the situation? How about that? Anybody in agreement with that? And she didn't just dream it up, she didn't just talk about it. She patented the design in 1919. That's like inventing wifi before anybody had ever seen a computer and be clear, her design wasn't perfect, it wasn't what we use today, but it was revolutionary. It laid the groundwork for modern central heating systems. Without Alice, a lot of us would still be huddled up around space heaters arguing about who gets to stand the closest or them kerosene heaters and go to school smelling like pump 11.


And let's be real. It's only so many toes. You can lose the frostbite before you start saying maybe there's a better way, y'all. Now here's the kicker. Why don't we know her name? Why are you today years old just finding out about Alice Parker? And she did this over a hundred years ago, barely a footnote in history. Meanwhile, Thomas Edison farts out a light bulb and we all act like he invented the sun and he didn't even invent the light bulb. But that's a whole nother conversation for a whole nother episode. It's wild how black women like Alice were out here quietly saving The World while getting none of the credit. But her story should inspire us. She didn't let the fact that she was a black woman in 1919 when The World wasn't exactly rooting for her.


Stop her. She had an idea and she made it happen. So the next time you cozy in your warm house, remember Alice Parker. She's the reason you're not out chopping wood like a lumberjack. And if that's not worth a round of applause or at least a thermostat adjustment in her honor, I don't know what he is. Thank you Alice Parker for making Winter survivable and for proving that sometimes the warmest ideas come from the coldest challenges. And I didn't know, maybe you didn't either. I Didn't know. Happy Black History Month. That's right. Make sure you subscribe to the I didn't know. Maybe you didn't either. Podcast on the Black Effect iHeartRadio Podcast Network available everywhere you listen to podcasts. Alright, when we come back, we got the positive notice, The Breakfast Club.


Good morning. Morning everybody. It's DJ Envy. Just hilarious. Charlemagne the guy. We are The Breakfast Club Salute to Will Packer for joining us today. Man, make sure you pick up his new book. Who Better Than You by Will Packer available everywhere books are sold now Will is Man Will is a person that I just like to hear talk because he is very, very insightful. He's got a, he's got a, he's got a way of delivering wisdom in a very digestible way, man. And his book is the same exact way. So salute the Will packer. Absolutely. All right, you got a positive note? Hold on Jess, don't you got something going on? Yep. This weekend, This Sunday I will be in Tampa this Sunday. I will be in Tampa, y'all This February 23rd, y'all mark the date I will be at Hard Rock Casino and Hotel with me and my brother Desi.


We are gonna be doing the show to show starts at 8:00 PM Get your tickets@jessofficial.com. And listen, I need somewhere I can go to eat. I say this every single city I go to because I wanna go to all the nice black-owned restaurants wherever I go. So make sure y'all sending me to the right, right places, drop it in, the comments and my dm, whatever hit me up. I would love to eat. I do eat soul food. I'm back eating unhealthy, so please send me to all the fried food places. Alright, Young big back. Yeah. What's that Spot Temple. I went there and they said, I think you was there too. Black owned. Really, really nice. Can't remember the name of it. Damn. I Florida got some real good food. Yeah, but I just, I, I need to know where to go when I land. So Salute to Tampa. All right, well you got a positive note. I do. I also, I wanna say salute everybody at Crystal and Orangeburg, man.


All the workers at Crystal and Orangeburg. 1486 Chestnut Street in Orangeburg, South Carolina. Man, you know that that Crystal has open 24 hours, so some of them been there for a long time. But slew to everybody on the breakfast shift at Crystal in Orangeburg, South Carolina located 1486 Chestnut Street in Orangeburg. Man. Sleuth to all of y'all. But the positive note is simply this release, the need to be right. Okay? When you believe something, you assume you are right. And you may even destroy relationships. In order to defend your position, let go of the need to defend your position. Okay? Just release the need to be right sometimes. Have a blessed Day, breakfast Club Bitches. Y'all finished or y'all done? Ready to celebrate the magic of Live Music South by Southwest Music Festival returns to Austin, Texas this March 10th through the 15th with a fresh lineup of legendary and rising talent.


Join a global community of music lovers, artists, industry professionals, and creatives at the 2025 South by Southwest Music Festival, with hundreds of showcasing artists performing across six days in over 50 venues. Discovery is right around the corner at South by Southwest. Explore the lineup@sxsw.com.


Life is an act of constant reinvention that's true for you and for cars. Nissan Reimagined the all new kicks around you. The Boes Personal plus sound system with speakers in the headrest keeps you in the groove while the Nissan Safety Shield 360 technologies keep you safe. If Nissan invented the kicks, you can reinvent yourself. Drive the all new reimagine Nissan Kicks today Available feature. Bose is a registered trademark of the Bose Corporation. Nissan Safety Shield Technologies can't prevent all collisions or worn in all situations. See owners' manual for important safety information.


This is Ashley Connet from the Ben and Ashley I almost same as podcast.


It feels like everyone is talking about GLP ones these days. Those are Ozempic and Semaglutide. And with Future Health, you can find out if they're right for you too. Maybe you feel like you've been struggling with your weight for years. And no matter how much you diet and exercise, you just don't feel healthy. Just gonna try fh.com to find out if weight loss meds are right for you. Future Health is not a healthcare services provider. Meds are prescribed at provider's discretion. Results may vary.


Sponsored by future health


Residents at BrightView Senior Living Communities enjoy enhanced possibilities, independence and choice. BrightView Dallas Corner in Herndon and BrightView Great Falls offer Vibrant senior independent living assisted living and memory care services through various daily programs and cultural events. Chef prepared meals, safety and security, transportation resorts to amenities, and high quality care. Everything you need is here. Discover more@brightviewseniorliving.com. Equal housing opportunity.