
Hey, y'all. I'm Maria Fe. When You're Invisible is my love Letter to the working class people and immigrants who shaped me. Season two, share stories about community and being underestimated. All The greatest changes have happened when a couple of people said, this sucks. Let's do something about it. We Get paid to serve you or made out of the same things. It's rare to have black male teachers. Sometimes I am the Testament. Listen to when you're invisible on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts.


This Is John Cameron Mitchell and my new fiction podcast series, cancellation Island Stars Holly Hunter. As Karen, a wellness influencer who launches a rehab for the recently canceled In the future, we will all be canceled for 15 minutes. But don't worry, we'll take you from broke to woke or your money back. Cancellation Island's revolutionary rehab therapies like bad touch football, anti-racism, spin class, and mandatory ayahuasca. Ceremonies are designed to force the cancel to confront their worst impulses. But everything starts to fall apart when people start disappearing. Herein worse. Have you brought Us Cancellation Island, where a second chance might just be your last listen to Cancellation Island on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts.


Do you remember what you said the first night I came over here? Ow goes lower from Blumhouse tv, iHeartPodcasts and Ember 20 comes an all new fictional comedy podcast series. Join the flighty Damien Hurst as he unravels the mystery of his vanished boyfriend. I've been spending all my time looking for answers about what happened to Santi and what's the way to find a missing person. Sleep with everyone he knew. Obviously. Listen to the hookup on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you listen to your favorite shows.


I'm Mark Seale. And I'm Nathan King. This is Leave The Gun. Take the Cannoli. The Five Families did not want us to shoot that picture. This podcast is based on my cohost Mark Seal's bestselling book of the same title. Leave the Gun, take the Cannoli features new and archival interviews with Francis Ford Coppola, Robert Evans, James Kahn, Talia Shire, and many others. Yes, That was a real Horse's Head. Listen and subscribe to Leave the Gun. Take the cannoli on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts.


Good morning. USA. Yo. Yo Yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo, yo yo. Jess. Hilarious. Good morning, Charlemagne to God. Peace to the planet. It's Thursday. Good morning. How y'all feel out there? I feel blessed Black and Holly favored. Happy to be here another day to serve our beautiful listeners. What's up Jess? How you feeling? I feel good. Yo, I feel, I really feel like it should be a rule, right? What's that from bikers Like, if you're not in your designated lane, oh boy. You in these bikers. Yo, I'm telling you. Yo, I feel like they wait for the, they wait to see my truck. They know what time I'm coming down every morning and they just be like, nah, we gonna f with Ja. Because like, I really feel like it should be a no sympathy rule if you not in your designated lane.


Right. And somebody just so happened to hit you. They can't go to jail. I, I don't know about No. Have sympathy for you. I don't know about that, but I, I feel a pain. Yeah. You Should hit your horn. Just hit your horn. Hard. Yeah. Hard, hard. I do. Like I do. Yo, they, they don't care. I'm like, yo, get over there. So I started driving down a bike lane today. Just, just, oh my goodness. You know what I'm saying? Couple blocks before I had to turn up 50 50. No, You know what's so crazy about that? Yo be the one that get in trouble and get a ticket for being in the bike lane. But they don't get in trouble for not being in the bike lane. Or do they? I don't know if they do Or not. No, they don't. That's why they should get hit. Oh my goodness. 'cause the cops can't catch them. But anyway, other than that, I'm straight. Well, you, you know, it's funny that you say that. Yesterday I'm leaving, white woman tried to jump in my lane.


I guess there was a car in her lane trying to jump in my lane. So I, I blew the horn and she, she stayed on horn. Pete blowing me back. Mm. So I did what anybody else would do. I stopped in the middle of the block, right. Waited for the light to turn yellow. And then I jetted past the light. Hey, yo. And so she got caught with the red light. She got caught with the red, but she ran the red. Oh, she white lady. So she pulled up to me. So she started giving me the middle finger. So now we were having a middle finger contest. She's like, Hmm. And we started giving each other the middle fingers, And I rolled out my window. I said, you are ugly. That's what, that's all I could think of. And guess what she did? Call ice and say that there was just, yo, this foreigner talking crazy to me just now. I think y'all need to investigate. That's license plate, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah. Mexico. Crazy. She looked like a wet dog. Oh, that's, that's why I, yeah.


That hurts. That's all I had. That's all I, me smell like hot dog water. And wet dog was, they hate all that. She took her sunglasses off and was like, mm. And then she took off. I felt good though. I'm not gonna lie. So that white lady called somebody with them letters on you. It's all funny. You get sent back by mistake because you not even trying to, don't say sitting back. I'm from, here's no set back. Stop. Stop. But they, but they've been grabbing up people by mistake. Just 'cause they look like I don't, I look like I'm black, man. No, you don't. Yes, I do. You don't even look like you, you just, you like a white Dominican, but it's okay. Oh, it's okay. It's All right. Dominican. It's crazy. Alright, well let's get the show cracking. Jim Jones will be joining us this morning. His new album at The Church Steps comes out this Friday. And Jim is being Jim.


So you know how Jim is. So Jim Makes great music. That's the most important thing. You know what Emini here, like he has a, a fantastic ear for classic New York hip hop sound. That's Right. And he has a lot of records, a lot of gold and platinum plaques. We'll talk to Jim and also Wendy Williams will be checking in this morning. Yes. You know, Wendy likes to check in from time to time. 'cause she's in a luxury prison. Whenever you're a luxury prisoner or a prisoner, anyway, you know, you just, just wanna reach out to the outside world. Yes. So she'll be checking in as well. All right, well let's get the show Crack. And we got front page news last night. Trump had his his first cabinet meeting. Yes. And Elon Musk was there and he's not part of the cabinet. That is a fact. Oh Gosh. We'll break that down in front page news.


So don't go anywhere as The Breakfast Club. Good morning. Morning everybody. It's DJ Envy. Jess. Hilarious Charlamagne, the God We are The Breakfast Club. Let's get in some front page News. Morning, Morgan. Good morning. DJ Envy, Charlamagne, the God and Jess. Hilarious. How y'all feeling? Peace Morgan. Good. Yeah. Happy Friday Eve. All right, let's get into it. So, like you said, envy President Trump. He held his first cabinet meeting of his second term yesterday. And he discussed a variety of topics, including securing the border energy production, doge, tariffs of Social Security, Medicaid inflation, and the Ukraine, Russian War. Now, Trump said his administration is working towards an end to the Russia, Ukraine War, and also mentioned tariffs against China will soon take effect.


Now, the President also promised any cuts to the federal government will not impact social security of Medicaid. So he also praised efforts of Elon Musk, who was in attendance of the meeting, as you mentioned, to cut government fraud and waste. And let's hear more from Trump's cabinet meeting on border and energy In just over one month. Illegal border crossings have plummeted by numbers that nobody's actually ever seen before. It's much more than a hundred percent. And we've unleashed American energy at levels that will soon be reported, but we think we're gonna get it going very quickly. We have incredible people on the energy front.


Yeah. So again, Trump reiterated that the government will waste, will not be only government waste will be on the chopping block. And again, those cuts will not impact Social security and Medicaid. Now he believes that dead people are currently getting Social security checks and his administration is tracing those checks down. Now this meeting of course, comes as the GOP House led has passed a budget resolution narrowly with two 17 to two 15 vote. Now that measure is now being debated in the Senate. Now also, during that cabinet meeting, he pushed to end the Russia, Ukraine war. He touted the agreement that allows American access to Ukraine's minerals and resources. And he called it Rare Earth. He said the US is getting back more money from u getting the ma getting back all the money it gave to Ukraine through the war.


And he went on to say that the President is also engaging with China to ensure a fair trade agreement. Now speaking on China and other things, the tariffs, you know, those 25% tariffs are gonna move forward on imports from Mexico and China. And the new date for that to go in effect is April 2nd. He said, not April 1st, because he's superstitious. He also said the European Union will be hit with 25% tariffs and claim that 27th Country Block was formed to quote, screw the United States. Now Musk, he made his presence known at the meeting. He claims the email to federal workers was misinterpreted, saying he wants to keep everybody who's doing an essential job and doing it well.


He says that if you're not doing an essential job or you're not doing it well, then you should not be on the public payroll. I think that's Fair. Musk also says his efforts to cut the government waste through Doge. Well, he's further spoke about his efforts to cut government waste through Doge. Let's hear those comments from Musk at the cabinet meeting, Helping fix the government computer systems. Many of the systems are extremely old. They don't communicate their a amount of mistakes in the systems. The software doesn't work. The so we are actually taxable. It's, it's, it is ironic, but it's true. The, the overall goal here with the Doge team is to help address the enormous deficit. We simply cannot sustain a country, $2 trillion deficits.


Listen, man, I keep saying it over and over. I have no problem with them wanting to cut government fraud and waste. Just do it above the law. Do it in a constitutional way. Do it by working with federal workers and Congress. And I wish it was being done by, you know, someone who was not only appointed by the president, but sworn in by the Senate. Like, you know, we, we, we, we do not learn anything from history. And I don't understand that it, bill Clinton has showed us the way with the National Partnership for Reinventing Government. He's shown us that there's a way to do this right. In a constitutional way that actually works. But I always thought there was protocol, right? I I thought the reason that you have managers and general managers and executives is because those are the layers that you go to to make sure people are actually doing their jobs. Right? That's what I was, yes, There is pro no, yeah, there, there are protocols.


But are we not realizing that Trump is gonna do the things that he wants to do, the way he wants, Whatever he wanna do. That means he doesn't trust his managers, he doesn't trust his executives, he doesn't trust the people on, you know, that he put a position to do that. I trust He trusts his people. He don't trust the people before in the, you know, I, the previous administration, It's funny you say that though, Martin, 'cause Emini here, he control additional, he controls all branches of government. So he, he, he could, he could do this the right way if he wanted to. You know what, Emini Here, that's true. That's true. So Trump, of course, he invited Musk to that meeting and he praised Musk efforts to identify government waste. Did you guys see that video where he basically said, anybody who has a problem with Musk in the room could be thrown out. And then everybody proceeds to like, clap and applaud and then Musk sits there and pretty much bows.


I I do you have, you also heard about this billionaire thing where they're like the billionaire mindset where you can walk into a room and just wear a t-shirt and a hat. Everybody else in that room hat on suits and ties. No hats, you know, decorum. There was a level of decorum, traditional decorum. And then Musk comes in there with his t-shirt and his blazer. You know, I don't know. And I could be reading into more than what is necessary, but you know, I'm not gonna get too much into that. At 7:00 AM we'll talk about Trump, Gaza, and there seems to be more close calls in the airline aviation world. We'll talk about about that as well. Yeah. Alright. Did you just fly? Just you just flew, right? Yeah. Just flew from Tampa. How Was it? It was all, it was cool, but when we landed, everybody was clapping. Said clapping, like, yeah, they like, we made it.


I think the pilot though. I was like, thank you. Soon when I was deep board the plane we reached, We Reached, yeah. Pretty much felt like immigrant. Alright. I was like, thank you. We made it safe. We made it back safe. So get it off your chest. 805 8 5 1 0 5 1 if you need to vent, phone lines are wide open again, (800) 585-1051. Call us up now. It's The Breakfast Club. Good morning. The Breakfast Club. Meredith is your time to get it off your chest. Whether you're mad or blessed, I hate the way that you walk away, that you talk. I hate the way that you dress. Everything with near is blessed. Call up next five eight five one oh five one. Not Just me, I'm with the coach of Philly.


Hello. Who's this? Good morning. This is James calling from North Carolina. Hey James. What's up brother? Good morning everybody. Good morning. What's wrong? Oh, just love on your kids. Oh God, We can't hear you, brother. He Said just love on your kids. James. James recently found a text message from his son and, and the text message, his son was saying that he, he wanted to off himself. Mm. Well he, he said his mom said something about he doesn't want be burden, but he's not, man. How old is your son, brother?


He's 17. Have you taken, have you took him to, took him to talk, to talk to anybody yet, brother? No, I'm, I'm go, I'm gonna go up there today. I was gonna go Sunday to cut his hair and go see that in Captain America Week. I think I'm gonna go day next. You definitely should do that. Yeah. And y'all should go to, y'all should go to some family counseling, man. Just have him sit down and talk to somebody sooner Than later, brother. Absolutely. Oh God, man, I, I got out of the army after he, after he was born because I wanted to be around, man. No, Absolutely man. Where you calling from? Brother Carolinas? He said what Part? North or south?


North. North, North Carolina. I'm, I'm gonna put you on hold, man. I'm gonna get you in touch with somebody man, that you, that you probably can talk to. Hold on brother. Okay. I'm, I'm gonna give you an email to a, a good psychiatrist. I know. Okay. Hold on one second. Hold On. You know, the, the sad thing is, you know, me and my wife, we do a podcast, Casey Crew podcast where we take emails and in the last two weeks we got four emails from parents saying the same exact thing. Mm. You know, like, you know that they, they've been talking to their kids recently and they've been seeing a change in their kids. And their kids have been talking about, you know, suicide. And these are the ages from eight to to 12. Mm. And and we, we tell everybody as a parent, like my father went through my stuff.


Yeah. Just to make sure if you see any change, go, go. It's, it's, it's not prying. You, you, you're the mom. Yeah. You're the dad. Go through the text messages, go through emails, go through your kid's stuff. You would, you wanna make sure that you are on top of it. And like Charlemagne always said, get the necessary help. Yeah. Yeah. Talk to therapist. Get help. Like, don't try to do it on your own 'cause you know you're not professionally trained for this. Get help. Please. And I, and actually be happy that your kid is, is, is expressing that they have an issue. You know? 'cause some kids don't express that they have an issue. They just keep it to themself and then they actually end up completing suicide. That's right. So be happy that they're actually telling you because now you know that's a cry for help. So go get them some help. Absolutely.


805 8 5 1 0 5 1. If you need to vent, call us up right now. It's The Breakfast Club. Good morning. The Breakfast Club. Wake up. Wake up. This is your time to get it off your chest. Really? Man or blessed. We wanna hear from you on The Breakfast Club. Hello. Who's this? Yo. Yo, dj. What's up? What's up brother? What's up brother? Hey, I wanted to give it a shout out to you man. Breakfast Club, man. Big shout out to y'all. I've been listening to y'all for years. Thank you brother. Appreciate it. One time from South Carolina, my boy, You already know. Hey, where you calling from?


About five years ago. I'm, I'm in Charleston right now. 8, 4 3 all day. That's Home. Hey, about, about five years ago I went to do Ayahuasca and I've been on a mad healing journey since. And I put that into my music And I do medicine music brother on a level that has never been heard before. And I would love for you to check out some of my music. Tell 'em where to find the music. So it's yes to ami, it's spelled Y-E-S-H-U-A and then Ami OMI You can find it on Spotify. You can find it on Apple Music. And, and that's, that's all across all digital platforms.


But I follow you in your mental health healing message. And I love what you stand for, brother. IIII wasn't able to make it to any of your conferences, but I've been to one of your book things And I love what you're doing in the community. I really believe you're going to connect with my music, bro. I appreciate you, my brother. Have you, have you gone on a, have you, have you had another experience with Mother Aya since five years ago? Man, I done did 17 ceremonies. Oh wow. Wow, wow, wow. Been, Yeah, I've been to, I've been to Rhythmia I've been to places with Title Juanito. I've, I've been, I've, I've took this healing deep And I put some of that healing in my music. You could hear it, you could feel it.


It is different bro. It is really different. I can't wait to hear it. It's really different. I've only had one ceremony before. I had one LA actually last year in February. I was supposed to do it again recently, but I didn't, I couldn't do it. All right, brother. Where did you go? I was in California actually. Oh wow. You, it, it ain't nothing like going actually to North America, man. I've been to Costa Rica and I've been to Columbia. Oh Wow. Wow. Bogota. Yeah, Bogota was my most potent experience. But all about that. I'm all for the plant medicine. Same, you know, plant medicine journey and Hey Jess, I don't know if I gave you a shout out. I know you a plant medicine girl too. Absolutely. What's up babe?


Well thank you brother. We gonna check your music out, man. Vy them golden teachers. Yeah. Yeah. Golden Teachers and Amazonians, all that. You would love the music too, Jess. It's definitely Shroom Music. I got, I'm Gonna check you out. Thank y'all man. I love, I love everything y'all do for the culture. Thank you brother. Please check me out and let me know what you think. My brother. I will King. Alright brother. Hello. Who's this? It's great. Davee man. Davee, what's up? Where you calling from? I'm calling from Philly. Man. Philly. What up? Get it off your chest, brother. Hey, I wanted to talk about all these Hispanic workers not being on the job site. I'm a crane operator and it is crazy. It's like a ghost town out there now. Well, they have a reason to be hiding, sir. Well what I, when I, when I tell you, when, when I tell you I, it used to be so crazy out there.


I used to have to tell people to move their vehicles. Now it's like, I go out there, it's a ghost town. You can't even find 'em. They out there, they out there for like 30 seconds to get the job done and they out. You understand why, who's Doing the work though? They Still come out and do the work, but I don't know if they got somebody around the corner giving a signal, letting, letting them know if it's good or not. Because I, it's times I might see like 20 of 'em out there and they just disappear. And I'm like, wow, what happened? Shit. But let, y'all don't know what happened. Why we acting so clueless? You know what's going on out here? Jesus, get it off your chest. 805 8 5 1 0 5 1. If you need to vent, hit us up now. We got just with the mess coming up. Yeah, this is the kind, this is crazy.


13-year-old boy was killed right in the gang war and little baby may be bought into the shooting investigation. Damn. Yeah. Alright, well we'll talk about that when we come back. It's The Breakfast Club. Good morning, The Breakfast Club Morning everybody. It's DJ Envy. Jess, Hilarious. Charlamagne the guy. We are The Breakfast Club. Let's get to Jess with the Mess. News Is real. Just Robin Moore. Jess don't do no lying. She don't spare nobody worldwide, worldwide Batman on The Breakfast Club. She's a cultureship. She was able to get Y'all to see something and understand something that nobody could get You to see.


It's time to shut it door. So what is the word on the street about Little baby being linked to this, this murder for this 13-year-old little boy? Jesus. Yeah. This was crazy. So yesterday, Wednesday afternoon, there was a press conference that was held by the Atlanta Police Department. This press conference was actually an update. So they, they've been working on this, the, the killing of, it's actually two 13-year-old little boys. But one of them was celebrating his birthday. They said he was able to be 13 for all of 24 minutes before he was shot and killed. So they, they, the Atlanta Police Department come on this press conference to give an update and let's take a listen to what they said and then we'll talk about the little baby piece. Take a listen to this. Freeman was allowed to be a 13-year-old for 27 minutes before gang violence ultimately took his life.


Gang violence that was orchestrated by adults, adults in our city. And cowardly acts, cowardly acts of an Atlanta bass rapper that decided to go over into a rival gang stronghold and shoot a music video in a place that he knew he should not have been. And in the subsequent days, we saw homicides and shootings and ultimately the deaths of two children as a result of his cowardly actions. And you know who you are. And I tell you that this team will work relentlessly to hold you and the persons that you are affiliated with responsible for those actions. Okay? So he just went to shoot a music video, Ned, where the little boy got killed at, I think he shot it at a gas station.


Ray shot it at a gas station. And I think that's, that's what he was talking about. So I don know the exact location that he's referring to Envy. But what, what he's, I watched the full press conference and what they said in the pro press conference was wherever the video was shot, where it was a rival gang area. So they say after this video was shot, there were the two little boys that was killed. There was another young person that was injured but did not die. But there were so many shootings that resulted after this back and forth between the two rival gangs. They actually called out one of the rival gangs in the press conference as well too. But when asked about the second rival gang, and when asked about who the rival was that they were referring to, they said that they didn't wanna reveal it because they didn't wanna compromise their investigation. They said that they've spent over 500 hours just scathing through, like they have people reaching out and giving information.


There's a $50,000 reward right now for any remaining information. Now little baby's name comes into this because a local news channel, channel action two news actually went and obtained arrest warrants. So these are arrest warrants that are coming, which is why in the press conference, the Atlanta Police Department and the agencies working with them said, Hey, we don't wanna mess up in our investigation. They didn't wanna speak before they actually got to act on these arrest warrants. But Channel two Action news is reporting that within the arrest warrants for this, that they obtained a rapper little baby also, or real name Dominique Jones. His name is listed in the arrest warrant. So based on this information, we should be, we see, should be seeing the arrest coming soon. And as you can hear, they seem pretty pissed off by, you know, even having to be investigating this Emini here.


People died behind it. But I think what they're trying to say is, is that it was reckless because it, it could have been, we didn't, they didn't have to do this video in that neighborhood, which sparked what they're saying and Rebecca. But Look, that's, I'm saying. So this was before or after the little boy was killed that he shot the video. It was before. So he shot the video and then all of the stuff happened. Like all of the, basically it pissed off the rival gang that they came and shot a video in, in their neighborhood, like in their hood. So after that, then these two, like these three kids are now shot. Two of them Close, closer to your mic too. These Two kids are, these three kids are now shot. Two of them don't make it. So now it turns into an a, a murder investigation. Those Some heavy allegations to put on somebody crazy just because they went to shoot a music video someplace.


It's very heavy. That's what I was saying, that shooting a music video is not against the law. Shooting a music video wherever you want is, is not against the law. But I, I seem it, it just seems odd to make those allegations like Charlemagne said, without charging somebody. Like it's almost like they, they're they, they're spitting gossip. Like charge somebody, don't say somebody's cowardly, don't say none of that stuff. You charge 'em. And then you could have those claims in my opinion. And I, And I ain't gonna lie, I still don't know what's going on. I still don't know if, like, was the video being shot, shot music video shot? Now listen, was the video being shot while somebody else was getting shot? Like I don't, I don't know. No. So they shot a music video after the music video and the music video was shot. So He was already gone.


Yeah. Lil Baby was not there when all the shooting happened. Is that what you're asking? Oh, okay. All Right. So yes. That, yes, he was not there, but his video was shot. Rival gang neighborhood. This is what police are alleging because that video was shot, it had a, an effect, right? So now the two gangs are, are are they're, they're mad at each other. They This gang war and it starts and it was already gang war going on anyway. Allegedly, allegedly, Allegedly. But they're basically saying that this video ignited things and took it to a different level resulting in these three kids being shot two, two little boys being killed. I don't, so now they have these arrest warrants that the little baby is allegedly named in. And we should be finding out more about how they were even able to obtain arrest warrant and what they have on in connection of, they're saying that there was a a, a hit called because of the back and forth with these gangs.


But the hit was called from someone who's already locked up. He's this guy's in jail. Yeah. There's clearly a lot missing from this story. 'cause if I'm a rapper And I go shoot a music video somewhere, and then a bunch of gang members are upset and they start shooting at each other and killing innocent people, how is that my fault? Or tied to me? Clearly there's something missing from this story I don't understand. And I think because he was there, they're gonna link it to him. Like How all I do is shoot a music video They're gonna try. Right? Unless it's a music video taunting them. I don I don I don't see how. But even if it is taunting, it's not, it's not against the law. Like we you see people shoot videos at at funeral places and things like that. Like it's foul, it's wrong. But is it against the law? No. I don't know. Well, once again, know some heavy allegations to put on somebody just 'cause they went to shoot a music video.


Very so trying to connect to the Artist and they've also, they've already made seven arrests and, and they now have these warrants. So I think that we're just gonna find out more about how they're even able to link him, why they're leaning so much in on just this music video as these arrests happen Now, Did say that there is a, a warrant for his arrest. You said that they seen it for little baby's arrest, You're saying according Yep. According to Channel two action news, they've obtained re arrest warrants confirming that, that the rapper that was referenced was Little Baby, also known as Dominic Jones, which is his real name. So he is a part of the arrest warrants that this local news station obtained, which is how they were able to say, okay, the person that that police officer was talking about is little baby because they would not say it. A journalist even doubled back and said, so y'all gonna say a rapper but not say who it was.


Y'all gonna say Rapper Gang, that's great. But not say who it


was. Hey y'all, I'm Maria Fernandez. My podcast when You're Invisible is my love letter to the working class people in immigrants who shaped my life. I get to talk to a lot of people who form the backbone of our society, but who have never been interviewed before. Season two is all about community organizing and being underestimated. All the greatest changes have happened when a couple of people said, this sucks. Let's do something about it. I can't have more than $2,000 in my bank account or else I can't get disability benefits. They won't let you succeed. I know we get paid to serve you guys, but like be respectful or made outta the same things. Bone, body blood. It's rare to have black male teachers. Sometimes I am the lesson and I'm also the testament. Listen to when You're Invisible as part of the Mike Cultura podcast network available on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts,


Right? And they said no. So then local News went and found their arrest warrants for this current investigation and they just blew it. Blew this whole thing up. Hmm. Well thank you lying. All right, well that is just with the mess. Now next hour Wendy Williams will be checking in, correct? Yes, she will. All right. We got some good stuff with her too. All right, well when we come back, we got Front page news and then Jim Jones will be in the building. His album, the Act Church Steps comes out this Friday. So we gonna be kicking it with Jimmy in a little bit. So don't move us to Breakfast Club. Good morning, wake up. Wake up. You're locked into The Breakfast Club. Morning everybody, it's djj NV Jess. Hilarious. Charlemagne the guy. We are The Breakfast Club. Let's get in some front page news.


What up Morgan? What's up? What's up? What's up? Did y'all see that AI video that Trump put out about? Well maybe he didn't put it out, but there was an AI video released yesterday about Trump Gaza the Strip. I did, I did see that he Put it on his page. He reposted it though. Oh, Okay. So President Trump. He is. Oh he did. He shared an AI generated video that shows him sunbathing in a newly renovated Gaza strip. The video posted on truth social shows the president lounging with Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu at a resort so-called, called a Trump Gaza, while a rap song called it a Golden Future. Let's hear a quick snippet from that song, from the Trump Gaza video Trump Bright golden Future Trump Gaza number one.


Yeah, Trump Gaza number one. In case you missed it, the video also shows Elon Musk eating hummus and tossing money into the air and a giant golden statue of Trump in the public square. Now the White House has not commented on the video. Trump said earlier this month that he would like to see, or he would like to relocate the Palestinians in Gaza living in that war torn country to possibly Jordan, but he could so that he could turn it into a resort and so that the US could own it. Any idea or thoughts on that? Where are the Arab Americans in Dearborn who voted for Trump? Like where are the pro-Palestinian people who used to, you know, go out and, you know, interrupt Vice President Kamala Harris when she was on the campaign trail? I feel like they've gotten so quiet. It's Not just Detroit, like you said, around the country.


I Feel like they've gotten so quiet at when Donald Trump is out here talking about, you know, ethnic cleansing and he letting you know, we putting resorts on the beach in Gaza. Like where they at? Yeah, I can't, I can't speak for the, the Muslim population who we're speaking about, but hey, they should definitely tap in. Yeah, it's, I, I'm not sure I will go on to say that, you know, right now that is not viable. The White House. And Trump has also said that this is of, of course a war torn country. So this is, he said think of it as a real estate project. It's not something that's gonna happen right away. There's a lot of things that need to be cleaned up in that area. So we'll see What happens. Yeah, yeah, the cleaning they talking about doing is ethnic cleansing, getting all of the Palestinians out there and moving them to other places so they can start building, you know, make turned it into Ma Gaza.


Ma Gaza. I'm not sure that, okay. Okay. Okay. Alright guys, let's switch gears. The FAA says In American Airlines pilot called off a landing at Reagan National Airport. That's the same airport where that tragic incident happened with the Black Hawk helicopter. Now after spotting another plane on the runway, this pilot decided to pull up and try again. The plane was coming into land around 8:20 AM local time when the pilot saw another plane for preparing to take off. And so the pilot decided to make a go around landing attempt. Now the FAA says the decision was made to ensure proper separation between the landing aircraft and the departing flight. Now this comes at the same time the NTSB and FAA are investigating a Southwest Airlines plane. A separate incident that nearly crashed into a private jet at Chicago's Midway Airport.


Video posted to social media shows the Southwest jet close to touching down before pulling up as a smaller jet taxis across its path. Now the Southwest flight returned to air before later landing safely. Now that pilot on Southwest Airlines Flight 24 0 25 0 4 confirmed to go around in order to avoid a collision. Todd Engle was also on board. Let's take a listen to air traffic control and the pilot, and then we'll also hear comments from passenger Todd Engle in that incident. Zero Four going around 25 0 4. Roger death, I maintain 3000. So 25 0 4 3000. I always say a prayer before I, before I travel all the time anyway, which is good. And then of course set another little prayer after he, after they accelerated.


'cause they knew there was something not right. Everyone just kinda looked around and just, okay, this ain't normal. But no, nobody panicked. Nobody panicked at all. Crazy thing about that, as I was talking to Lauren La Rosa about this yesterday, she used to be a flight attendant and she said, this happens a lot more frequently than people think. That's What I want to know. Yeah. She said, it happens a lot. She said, now people are just, I guess filming it, but she said it, it happens a lot more than you think. She's like, you start landing and then something gets in your way, a taxi, another plane or whatever it may be. And they have to pull up. And I've been in a couple of flights that that's happened. But I've never, never thought about why I thought it was the wind. I thought it was the weather. But it could have been those reasons. That's What I want. I would love, I would love to talk to somebody from the a a just to see how much things like this used to happen before we paid attention to 'em.


Well before the media used to show us, show it to us all the time. Right. What I will say, well I'll ask you, is, are your, are your concerns heightened at this point? Hell Yeah. Emini here, they've been heightened ever since the first Ronald Emini. Here. The would've been Reagan, Reagan, Reagan, Reagan. But since the first Reagan flight landed real bad like that, all the people die. But Emini here, you just gotta know you protected Emini here. If it's gonna be your time, it's definitely gonna be your time. You know what, Emini here, we can't just stop flying. Nobody can just stop flying, you know? That's right. All right, speaking of protection, let's bring things home to you guys in New York. New York's theory Mayor Eric Adams. So he is facing federal corruption charges and is now facing backlash for comparing himself to Jesus at a black history event at Gracie Manchin.


He called out the Negroes for calling for his resignation. Let's hear those comments from New York City Mayor Eric Adams. So this is a biblical moment. You know, when Jesus was on the cross, he said, God, forgive them for they know not what they do. All these Negroes were asking me to step down. God forgive them, are you? Are you stupid? I'm running my race right now. He New York for Real? He supposed to say, oh you dumb.


That's say dumb, Dumb dumb. Yeah, the Remy type. But this is what I don't Like about the media though man. When they don't like somebody, they demonize every word that comes outta their mouth. I saw headlines that said Eric Adams compares the himself to Jesus. How many times have we heard people say that? That phrase like a million times. That's a black phrase. Like he's not comparing himself to Jesus. He's just a bad guy right now. And and a lot of people hate him as you can see, definitely the press and the media. So they're gonna attack everything that he says. But I tell everybody if he didn't do it, the things that they said he did, and he feels like, look, I didn't do it and you attack me, he gonna talk his ish. Right? Emini here it is what it is. Then he is not your traditional mayor. No, he talk ish all the time. So, and he shouldn't have just called out Negroes. 'cause there's a lot of people that wanted him to step down.


Hmm. That That's the problem. That that was the actual issue. Yeah. Yeah. Is the fact that he said Negroes and then he had to later walk? Well he, he clarified that, you know, he was like, well there are a lot of people calling me calling for my resignation. So it was like, well it's not just Negroes. Yeah, that's what he should, that's the problem. That's the problem. But I think he said Negroes 'cause he, he he, He wanted to say, but even still he's wrong. But he didn't expect, he's like, at least my Negroes should be rocking with me. My should be rocking with me. Yeah. They're the ones that's going to get Mo with me. That's why he probably meant by it like he expected from the others. I think that's definitely what he meant. Yeah. But y'all, my people and y'all and y'all going against me. We'll Continue to watch and see what happens with New York City Mayor Eric Adams. Of course. Another poll shows that former New York governor Andrew Cuomo is actually gaining favor in to be New York's newest mayor.


The latest poll from Hone in strategy group shows that the former governor would dominate the Democratic primary mayoral race. He has a 26 point lead in the latest poll with a 38% of respondents saying they'd vote for the former governor. So it's happening. It looks like New York City is gearing up to for this mayoral race. And I will keep you posted as to what happens in regards to, of course New York City Mayor Eric Adams and of course the corruption charges that he's facing as well. So that's your front page news. I'm Morgan Wood, follow me on social at Morgan Media. For more news coverage, follow at Black Information Network. Download the free iHeartRadio app and visit us at BIN news.com. Thank you. Thank you Morgan. Hi Morgan. Now when we come back, Jim Jones will be joining us.


His new album at the Church Steps is out this Friday and we're gonna kick it to Jimmy when we come back. It's The Breakfast Club. Good morning. The Breakfast Club Morning everybody. It's DEJ Envy. Just hilarious. Charlamagne the guy. We are The Breakfast Club just as out today. Laura La Rosa is filling in and we got a special guest in the building. His album is out this Friday at the Church Steps. You done did it again. Man Cap Ladies and gentlemen, Jim Jones. What's up with y'all? Welcome. How you feeling? I'm Feeling pretty good. I feel for playing man. You make some good ass music. I done told you this a million times, thank you. But at some point you would think there'd be some type of fall off or something, but it just has not been at all like at the Church Steps is a phenomenal, phenomenal body of work man.


God Is good. So let's, Let's get into the mind frame. 'cause we were talking behind the scenes and we was like, he knows how to make music. Yes. I I you know what I was comparing it to, I was comparing it to Rick Ross. Rick Ross just musically got a great ear. He always got fired And you, you the same way. Thank You man. I appreciate that. That's big. That's big. That's big. I wish, I wish the whole world would see it like that. The harder to make, like the records you got on like the after Church Steps album, like the Jomo and the Genesis, just those dope street records. Is it harder to make those or a hit single, like a baller A hit single like a baller? Yeah, because the, the records that you hear is a reflection of things that are really going through. If you listen to the music and things like that, like you know what Emini here. So it's like, it's very easy for me to talk about actual real things that, you know what Emini here but you got them records that you need for getting lit in the club and things like that.


Sometimes those are the hardest records for me to kind of produce, You know what Emini here. Do you chase balling though? Do you chase that record but try to make a bigger record or do you just make records to say if it connected connect after The success of balling, I used to chase balling. Damn. Like I gotta find another, you gotta find another know what Emini here and then slowly but surely I got out that phase of just trying to chase balling and make music that I continue to make money. You know what Emini here And I do believe a hit a come a few hits have came since balling. I was talking to to Lauren before you got up here. We was talking about an interview you did and you said you spent $20 million the time of ball, he ran through 20 million. Yeah. And I was counting your pockets. I was like Jim loves cars but he ain't love cars like that. Right. Then I said, Jim loves houses but he ain't love houses like that.


Jim has jewelry but not $20 million worth of where did you spend the $20 million this Spend? This, this, this, the spending in living like my credit card sometimes like $120,000 a month you heard. And I ain't got nothing to do with the everyday expenses. So you know, we deal with a lot of cash and stuff like that. So I know it was a lot of pj you was, you was on, you was PJ King at one time. This Is what I'm trying to say. So if you jumping on a jet all these times and your jet bill sometimes might be half a million a a, a month just 'cause you trying to get places it is all added up. It's not like I spent it like it was just the accumulation during the ball and error through those few years where I was getting money, I was getting And I was blowing it. And as I look back, thinking about the money that was pitted came up to about 20 years.


We seen damn the deal money, the show money, tour money, feature money. Like I'm burning through that. You know what Emini here. So I ain't got $20 million to show for it. But I definitely spent it on the land that, you know what Emini here. I know you said And I that same interview, you don't regret anything. No. But there were things that you probably would've done differently or just, just things you would've done at that time that you didn't do. What were some of those things now when you looking back like, yo, I could have put, I could have did this. I could Have, I could, I could have been way more financially responsible than I was, but I got this thing there that you don't know till you grow. Right? I was very young and dumb at that time and the experience was, was worth it. But as I'm older and I'm thinking back like, damn, if we did have some people in my corner or grew up a little bit different where we were taught financial literacy as opposed to coming up in the hood and we would talk to get that money, go get the car, go get the, you know what Emini here, I'm a product of the projects you dig.


Like, so everything I seen is everything I wanted And I got that money And I emulated what I seen outside. Right? We wasn't taught to o by real estate. We wasn't taught to oh get savings. We wasn't taught none of that. We was taught to save what you can in the shoebox and style out on everybody else. You know what Emini here. And that was the mentality I had. And it took me to go through a lot to learn any bit of financial literacy. Like to the point where I was parted ways with my accountant. And, and ever since I've done that years ago, it was like was me really gaining control of the monies that I had because I actually had to see it when I had an accountant And I never saw the money. I just was spending the money until I was in debt. So I, I'm in a whole different stratosphere in life right now And I feel real good about it. But your debut album is on my way to church, On my way to church.


Yes. This Album is at the Church stuff. Yes. 20 years later I feel I'm that much closer to getting my life totally together. You know what Emini here and we can't do that without having God in our life. When you gonna go into church Though, Church you outside this album Gives you you little, Little close To it. I'm very close to it. Emini here. I grew up in the church, Emini here for all my life. And when I was younger, Sunday school all night, prayer meeting, all that type of stuff. So I'm a god for man. You know what Emini here, I have very good morals, a very great moral compass. And that's why I believed that I'm still a able to be here in good favor and things like that. You know what Emini here, It seemed like the media questioned you at one time about your role in dip sets in diplomats. How did that affect you? Right? Because Emini here, everybody who's in New York or around the country seen The World, what your role was or thought what your role was.


So how did you hear the left? How did that make you feel? Emini Here. It was crazy when I woke up, shout to Chrissy, she was like, yo, listen, put your phone down, breathe for five minutes, internalize it, think about it and don't overreact what people want you to do, first of all. And I overreact it in the house. Okay. And then I got over it, you know what Emini here And I just thought about the playing field and what was really at stake and what we doing here and things like that and what people have in their favor and when it comes to the media, how these media games and, and plus it's a playbook from our playbook that we created. You're not gonna trick me with a play that I've created. You know what Emini here, like I know this play. All right, cool. All the things that he was saying was, was pretty much fool of that. It is all jokes to me. But I do know what I, what I did.


I think everybody knew what I did Emini here. Everybody in Harlem knew me. My name is Joan. Way before my name was Jim Jones. You know what Emini here, like I really have a a name up there, Emini here. Shout out to Harlem. Shouts to my block. Shouts to 12th Street. Shout to 13th Street, Lennox Sve Foster, PS Taf Pees uptown, downtown, east side, west side. You know how this thing go? And I think another question people always ask and as many years as we interviewed you, I don't think people ever know where was the, I guess the breaking diplomats, right? Because you guys were tight. Like this wasn't just we doing this, y'all weren't a group, y'all were family. This wasn't a rap group. Like there was Cam the rapper, dwells the rapper and freaky and Jim was kind of, in my opinion, was the, you know, the musclemen, they were the wink to make sure things happen.


They were gonna make sure the the record got spun. They were gonna get the clearances, they were gonna make sure everything was in order. That's what you see. But it started from Emini here. Cam being broken, my grandmother house with no money having to hustle, you know, I was in the streets, I was figuring out how to get to it. And he had his craft, which was the music, and he ended up striking gold with the Craft. When did the break, when did the veer happen where you started splitting apart? Because I know everybody started to doing their own thing. You started doing music, dwell started doing music and Cam started doing this. When did it break where it seems like it can't come back together. I Did it. When I listen to the album, I hear you still rap. It's always your brother no matter what, know what Emini here doesn't mean that you, you got the same brotherly love that you want to have.


Don't mean that you're going hang out like brothers. Like you know what Emini here, I know brothers that try to kill each other. You know what Emini here On? I think it's on. Make it out. You say if so, if it is what it is, then so be it. And then on that's on number three. And then number four on Make it out. You say you talk about wanting to put it behind. Well it was bars and two brother with two brothers. That's lost. You see, You didn't Just say it is what it is, so be it. It was more to it After that. I know, but I just, I I specifically grabbed that because to me, to me it sounded like I have cooling in they pants and not Star Wars. Like the so be it. So don't be rushing for no repercussions. We got drums and some on these machines like a beat production. Yes sir.


It just raps. It Sounded like to me like you guys can make it outta all this stuff. That's why I was bringing up Emini here. I'm not concerned about that right now. I'm concerned about this album dropping. I got other things going on. I'm concerned about Jim Jones or what Jim Jones got going on. I've done a lot for diplomat sake, for the sake of the people and the fans and all that. But nobody does a lot for me. You know what, Emini here and that's part of the problem here. Nobody ever really pulled up for me when Jim Jones ain't on to pull up. But I pulled up for everybody. So now I gotta pull up for myself. You know what, Emini here and all over rhetoric. I can't even, I can't even hear no more. And that's why I, I stick to what I know how to do. You know what Emini here, like I'm in the process of changing what people see me to be in, in, in my past And I'm enjoying this journey that I'm going on.


If not, I'll be out here going crazy. I'll probably be in jail for crashing. And right now the last thing I crash was a boat in Bahamas. Shout to my brother Ellie. You heard I, we got more with Jim Jones when we come back. His album comes out this Friday. It's The Breakfast Club. Good morning. Good morning everybody. It's DJ Envy, Jess Hilarious. Charlamagne ne Guy. We are The Breakfast Club. Lauren RHOP is here with us as well. We're still kicking it with Jim Jones. Now, when you did the Justin Laboy interview, shout The, just shout the, yeah, I just left LA We just, this is out there. It's the B in there. He Reached out to you and said, come on out. Or how, how did that happen? That was Justin that put that together and things like that. He like, yo, they said you should pull up man, pull up to Japan. I'm like, huh? Pull up to Japan is different. Yeah. Like, yo bro, but you not saying like that's Brooklyn like yo, we always, but it was dope.


It was a dope experience to see him work, to see the GNC is on, getting to understand them more and things like that. You know what, Emini here, we don't have friends that know what Emini here know how it is, but he's definitely a dope soul man. I believe that he's misunderstood in a lot of ways And I believe that he does things for people to misunderstand him and things like that. But I kind of understand him. But he's definitely dope. He's definitely a hood ass underneath all of that. You know what, Emini here, that's what I, that's what I say. Jim Jones fashion line is something Coming Emini here. Well, I've been helping him with the Yeezy brand, which is pretty dope. We got a bunch of things going on with that. I'm excited about that. You know, fashion is one of my things. Getting fresh is one of my things. So giving me opportunities to express myself in that field, I think it's pretty big. You know what Emini here From a business perspective, you know, you, you putting, if you put time into that, you put energy into that.


Don't some of his antics affect the business? Don't you tell him like, I'm a partner with you, you gotta slow down. I I'm not a, I'm not a partner of, of his, you know what Emini here, like he, he owns his brands and things like that. I'm just helping and learning and with the things that he needs help with. But I can't say this man. We all have friends that do well. I have friends that do things that I don't necessarily agree with that they're doing, but that don't make them not my friend. You heard these are still my, no matter what goes on, I'm not saying anything about anybody. I'm just saying in life, you know what, Emini here, period. Like that, you know what, Emini here, I aint, I don't get in certain people business, but if you my dog, yeah, I don That shit guy. You just not wearing a swa stick a t-shirt. Emini here. I ain't get in none of that. You dig? I don't do politics. You dig? I ain't even vote. You heard you dig. And I have nothing against whoever's the president, you dig? Whoever the president I feel should be get that much respect.


'cause they are the president. I'm from the Ronald Reagan era, you know, he was proud to have whatever president. And he's the president. You know what? Emini here and nowadays I see a big divide with these politics where it's almost crazy how aggressive everything become. Like they want you to just be like f the president. Like how he's still a president. Like where is the respect in this country when it comes to certain things? You know what? Emini here. So it's just, And I, me shut up before they start bombing me And I know, I know they about to go crazy on me. Got the red hat on. This is read it, make dip, Said great again. Yeah. You heard That's all this is about. You heard this is not, I don't got no political endeavors. You heard, you know what I'm about, about community? I do my, all my politic political things is for my community. I do everything to help Harlem. Whatever I can do in my power.


You know what Emini here, That was another thing. I guess when people would, would try to say, you're not from Harlem, you're from the Bronx. You're from the Bronx from who cares? But I think you cleared it up in Jomo. Yeah, but who Cares? I'm from New York City. I really been in the turf, been in the field. I come from, you know what Emini here, like, you know what I escaped to be worried about the rhetoric of that. And I was caught up in a, like, I, nah, I'm, I had to think about it like, bro, I done lived in Harlem. I done lived in Queens. I done lived in Brooklyn. I done lived in like, I done lived in the whole city. You know what Emini here, like I done lived in Aruba. I lived, I'm from a lot of places you heard, heard. It ain't where you're from, it's where you at. And I get to the chicken wherever I'm at. You heard, I Always want to ask. Right? You, you know, in past interviews and you talk about it, bringing Bloods to New York. You ever regret that I didn't bring the blood to New York?


God, what? Try not Enemy said he made it, he made it popular. That's what I was asking. That's A difference. Oh, That's a difference. My commercializing. There You go. Yeah, I made it cool, but I also commercialized. I made millions of dollars off the gang culture. You know what Emini here. So same thing with Snoop has done and how the West coast, you know what Emini here. So it was, but no I did not, I did not start that. I was a young kid. You know what? Emini here, commercialized. He coming up out the ghetto And I think he means, and looking for, you know what Emini here, my place in in society and things like that. And the brotherhood. Oh. Took care of me And I you dig, shout to the brothers man. You know what Emini Here, you've always moved very militant, but you keep the street life. The street life and you keep the rap life. The rap life. But on this album, you included some court recordings about the male matrix situation.


Why? Why, why was that? I don no shout to Melly free Mel Till listen reverse man. It's my brother. It's my heart and my soul man. I really love and respect that man. Man, you know what Emini here for numerous amounts of reasons. Not just the obvious that people know and things like that. Like he's a man of honor. He stood 10 toes down along with shady, along with Harvard, along with all the others that got faded due to somebody not playing the game right And things like that. You know what Emini here when I see that I gotta tip my hat to them every time. 'cause there's probably so many other things they, they coulda did in those situations, but they decided to stay down like gangsters do you know what Emini here? So I definitely gotta shout that out. You heard back to back La la yo to death. You heard his free until we see him and he'd be home in a little while. For real. You, you rap about the labels having a, a, I don't wanna say a certain responsibility, but I guess a's certain responsibility.


Do you, when you, when you saw Leo's comments that he made up here a long time, what he said, he basically just was like, he got eat too. What he said, he said he got, he said, what'd he say? He said he got eat too. You know, in regards to, you know, people pushing the drug culture, the gang culture or whatever. Emini Here, bro. Nobody's twisting nobody's hand to do anything. You heard is this is this is entertainment Businessman shouts to Leo. I've learned a lot of lessons for him. I don't agree with, I don't agree with everything that a lot of people do and things like that. But he was one of the first people that gave me a, a position to be one of the biggest executives in the game at one, the music group. So I really ain't got too much bad to say about him. I more have something to say about myself by letting people like Dame and, and, and, and and killer trick me out of them positions when I had them power by making me feel less than when they would see me inside of them office.


Like, oh, you working for these? Oh you a you a dude, boy, oh you a son. You ain't no boss or boss. Don't work for nobody. But not understanding my position in how power, how much power I had that I could move. And you know what Emini here in this game, you know what Emini here. And it was things like that that always kind of, you know what Emini here. So it was a lot to it and like that, you know what Emini here. Now you, you, you did mention something I wanna talk about. 'cause this has been a conversation for 10 years, right? You just mentioned he said that they tricked you out of it because they said bosses don't work for people. Right. And that's a conversation our community has. But I've been, And I think Charlamagne been trying to say for a long time you could be a boss and have a job but still do your thing on the side Glen Periods. That's the whole premonition of how they make you feel in certain situations and things like that. You gotta know, we from Harlem and everybody got a way of certain people, you know what Emini here.


But I knew better than that. So I pretty much tricked myself outta my own position by Emini here. I stand 10 toes on what I believe. 'cause I knew what I was there for. I knew what I could do inside of them buildings. I knew how Ill I was and what I done so far for diplomats by pitting this aesthetic and letting people see us in a way as superheroes. Like what? I could do that for so many other artists, which I have. That's why I was able to get that job in there. 'cause they was paying me a consultant fee at Def Jam. You know, I was making like $200,000 a year. But I definitely had to know how and the smart to do the job. That was easy for me. Great experience though. Great experience shots to ASAP Yams. He that's what he started as an intern for me. Oh, he was the intern, right? Yeah.


Yeah. You loyalty Karen s too Emini here. Karen, Karen, Karen Sy. She was also an intern for me. I I I've helped, helped jumpstart a lot of careers. Not only rap careers inside of this industry, But you don't get no credit for that. They say at all. They say all Jim do is send people to Jail. I don't want credit no more. I want debit. Cash me out now how I send people to jail. That's what I'm saying. How, how, who, who, who did you see me sending to jail? Where is he smoking? They smoking new drugs out here. You heard from where? How? Who? Oh, that's what Cam said. I don't know. He's a bird. He's a bird head. He don't want no smoke. Tell him set there he a boxer. Right? I'll box his head up. Where's the ring at? You getting money right? Yo do sports 10 million right now in the morning.


I'll catch a flight wherever you at, you would may, wherever them 10 million. I'm I meet you. Any boxing ring. Now go make some jokes about that. On your next show I box your head off. You know that don't play with me. Yeah, that now go type about that. Jim. Chrissy would tell you, take five seconds. Chrisy would tell you take five seconds and breathe. Church steps. The church steps. You cannot act like that. Walking. You worship. You got time to make it in. We Gonna bring it back for sermon. Bring back because he was sick. Take five seconds and breathe. Bring back. We gonna bring it back. You know all Jesus disciples was gangsters though, right? Jesus flipped Tables And I am a disciple. Remember that? What Does freak say? What does freaky zeki say? I don Know a freak freak bugging me out right now. You heard freaking ain crazy position right now. But I want him to get his money and do whatever business moves he need to do.


You dig? Shouts to Ramir Freak. He always gonna be my brother for life. No freak for a very long time. Shout Out to which one he off the album. What I want to hear off the album is either going to be Make It Out or, or Genesis. Hmm. It's for radio. Let's do make it out for radio. All Let's do make it out All We got more with Jim Jones when we come back it The Breakfast Club. Good morning. Jim Jones is here. We're still kicking it with him. Lauren, after The verses reunion And I feel like we, I thought that everything was like good and then it got like randomly just got like Rocky again. Like where, where does that man the Verses was weak man. Man 'cause he got booed and we lost Man, let's tell the truth. That's What y'all fell out about. Again. It's not that.


It can't be that. No that was a joke. He got booed at the end. He forgot his freestyle. That rap Lost. Yeah, but I'm saying because when we were up here trying to figure out like what reignited all of the, whatever this is, we remembered that like it was after the verses. It can't just be that I don't care about none of it. You heard That's the difference between me. I don't take none personal bro. I could take laws and walk off and laugh at it. I'm gonna still go home to the house that I live in and love life. You heard like people take things too literal. Like these people get in this rap game and and be mad that they didn't have the number one album. Damn they want to cut their wrists and all that. I don't care about none of that. Shouts to Jade and them. They was on top of their game. They knew what they came to do. They was ready. Us not so much ready.


No, no us not so much ready. But you know, you win some, you lose some, but what's up? Who wanna do a verse with me right now? Yeah, that'd be a good good, a good New York. Who do with me? Who would you wanna do a verse against? Any one of them. Pull it up. New York. I love all my brothers in New York, but you could pull 'em up. Don't matter who it is. Who would you say? Who, who, who you here? I got a real catalog versus And I just had a gold record last year. Emini here. I got 20 records for every year. Know? We'll good one. We can start from 20 years ago. I give him one record for each year all the way up to now. Capo versus Styles P. You don't got enough catalog for that. You got style. Got a Lot of Catalog.


Hey y'all, I'm Maria Fernandez. My podcast when You're Invisible is my love letter to the working class people and immigrants who shaped my life. I get to talk to a lot of people who form the backbone of our society but who have never been interviewed before. Season two is all about community organizing and being underestimated. All the greatest changes have happened when a couple of people said this sucks. Let's do something about it. I can't have more than $2,000 in my bank account or else I can't get disability benefits. They won't let you succeed. I know we get paid to serve you guys, but like be respectful or made out of the same things. Bone, body blood. It's rare to have black male teachers. Sometimes I am the lesson and I'm also the testament. Listen to when you're invisible as part of the Michael Cultura podcast network available on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts or wherever you get your podcasts.


Oh, not now. The commercial catalog. He not going. He not going, he not gonna last. Emini here. I love styles. You dig? But set it up if it, it depends. What if it's just solo records? That'd be a good one for y'all. I got more solo records than most of them that really hit. Remember that you dig? Like I got a lot of gold singles and a lot of, I got some action with Dig. It gonna be hard for a lot of people from New York to win with Capo. You know on the the record sounds, sounds like he wanna do one with 50 cent. That's what it sound like. Sound like Jim. Nah, I don't wanna do nothing with that sucker. Leave me leave him out the conversation. Don't do that on purpose. No I didn't. He did. Don't stop because, because he Said a rap. He said New York and that's the only one that has a catalog. I love. He was thinking And I just didn't wanna say it. See The, because you got catalog, there's no, Because I, when I you, when you said think about it, I, I'm trying to think who else.


Even just commercially would have a big enough a catalog, big enough songs consistently to even, but you know, It has platinum records. Gold records number one records. It's not too many in New York. Listen, After Church Steps, man. No, no, no. That a ho ho got that type of catalog. Nah, it's got the type of catalog. But artists like That. No, but they would, I feel like even re like you would've to bring it to Super Great. I ain't going into No, You can't do no verse with him That bring it up. Artist has those type of records never doing Them. Nope, nope, Nope. You heard anybody else you heard. But ho is you can't, one thing we not going do is front and hove.


Nope. He, he, he did what he's supposed to out here. Like it is gonna be very hard for anybody to beat him in some type of verse. I Don I don't think anybody can Who, who's the lineup? You know, I love D Drizzy. You dig? But a verses going to be a is going to be, it's, it's a lot of variables to that. That's a dog fight. You know what Emini here, but as far as I'm concerned, yeah, right now and where I'm at, I, I would do, and I'm saying I want to do it but yeah that was the, if that was the play that Swiss felt like he had a bag. I didn't triple what I had last time. Where we put that verse on fire too. We had that thing looking like a championship game. Yeah. Swiss holler at me and you backdoor me gave that man some business that you ain't give all of us. You definitely gotta gimme triple Swiss and you gotta gimme some real business this time.


See that's the funny thing about this game. Y'all don't talk about the backdoor that's going on for the verses that everybody keep keying. But what was the backdoor? Yeah, I wanted the bag. We got the bag but boy still went backdoor like yo, for us, for me to do the verses, you gotta gimme part of this business that had nothing to do with us. You heard? But he say that's me being a businessman. Nah, that's you being a sucker doing backdoor. Hmm. But nobody wanna talk about that. Ain't, oh We didn't know. Yeah. Ain't no back door ass. You heard I stand on 10 do's And I break bread with my S period. That's always who I've been Word Jo Heards never been an artist. I took advantage of. You heard I really put money in all of my artist pockets that I deal with and all my s we get money together. Not one of them type of dudes bro. You know, on a call on me you talk about a conversation you had with Puff right before they sent the shouts to Diddy, the feds to get him.


Like what, what was that last conversation about shouts To big bro, it was a great time Emini here. You said you asked him about his rich friends. Now they acting like he dead to him. But when that loyalty get molder, you can see what the bread with the bread wants. With the Bread ruins. With the bread ruins. Yeah. Yeah. When that loyalty get Moy Emini here. Emini here. And I don't get into nobody Ben. He, I was the DJ man, he did a lot for the game. I don't want to get into all that, but he did come up town the day before they came and got him and he set up town with me for five or six hours. Right on Lennox Ave said he felt like he was in Capri on the yacht. Just the freedom of being up tan and no judgment zone in the middle of hood where we don't judge 'cause people going through their own, you know what Emini here. So there's some normalcy in that for him and things like that. And he just sat down and enjoyed his himself.


He had a good conversation with me. I had a good conversation with him. Uplifting conversation. A spiritual conversation. You know what Emini here, I, I know Diddy for half my life and things like that. He's always been big bro And I know he's going through a lot right now. You know what? Emini here. So I do wish him the best. I don't want nobody come down on me, try to cancel me all this Emini here. I ain't with none of that. God bless you bro. You know what? Emini here. Alright, I do wanna ask you one that question could love trick you off the street, Jim. And this is what Emini here by that I feel like there's nothing any stranger could ever say to you to make you do anything at this point in your life. But the people you've actually loved and rolled for and been loyal to could Trick you off the street. Loyalty could trick you off the street. Definitely. And it is almost tricked me off the street a few times in the midst of my journey of being loyal to a floor.


Love is a crazy thing and it depends on what type of love you're talking about. Love could up your emotion if you're not disciplined in the household and know that you have a job to do, especially at a job like we have. It's not easy getting up and leaving the house and not home as much as you need to be. You know what, Emini here not spending the time you need to be and things like that. But you know, this is something, a mission that you have to accomplish or else your family can't, you know what? Emini here. So it gets tricky at that time. You start to feel bad and you start to feel all type. You know what Emini here, but you gotta stay your demon man. It's, it's, it's gonna be cold out here. So you gotta get that bag man. You know what Emini here, the family is gonna be there when you get back and you gotta figure out how to make time for the ones you love. Also, you know what? Emini here. So it's a balance. You know that. So Cam calls you the today and Cam says Look man, we better than this.


Listen had the conversation about what Chrisy would tell you, breathe. This is you and ca, you and Cam. He calls you and said Yo, we better than this. I'm petty than this. Damn. I'm taking it petty right now. I just don't wanna have no conversation with nobody. I worry about Jomo bro. There's nothing to worry about. There's nothing to talk about. Well, life go the moment forever. Nothing to talk about bro. Unless he wanna box for that 10 million. 'cause I could use 10 million. Nothing to talk about, bro. I don't wanna talk about nothing bro. There's nothing to talk about. Not right now. I didn't say for life. As of right now, I don't have nothing to talk about. I got other things that I'm doing. I got businesses that I'm attending to. They getting their money. I'm getting my money too. But I, I got a lot of things that I'm doing. You And I ain't got no time to be interrupting my time or my, or my, my mental space to deal with anything but what I got going on.


'cause that might take away And I might start making me crashing for doing things that I'm not supposed to be doing. Emini here. Have People tried to put y'all on the phone since all of this? Nah. Only reason I say that 'cause life is short and you know, you see people at funerals now and you're like damn are they cool or is this the first time that de they seen each other since he passed? Like I'll Pop out to his funeral. God damn Jim, you set yourself up to that for no you said right now he's in that but that maybe next year he will feel differently. Might not be in next year is what I'm saying. God forbid I'm saying. Right. I'm gonna pop out to the funeral if that's the case, you dig? So I got love for him. I ain't gonna miss that. But right now I ain't gonna miss my opportunity of getting to this motion that I got going on album on Friday. We got a movie coming out next month for at Church Steps.


So I said all the people that's in the movie had a good time with that one. You dig? Like I'm just trying to stay down this line. Tunnel vision. You heard like we all seen a different, a side of me where, you know what Emini here like let me stay here. You heard? Let me stay outta these people way. Gotcha, gotcha. You heard, let me keep doing my music. Let me just keep doing the things that got me feeling good, looking good and things that people respected me for. Not entertaining any ball. Let me stay here. You gonna keep putting on as long as I can. You heard Dipset vl that thing don't change man. February 28th, yo gonna get the album at the church steps. Appreciate everybody that participated in the album. There you have it. Yeah. Jim Jones. It's The Breakfast Club. Good morning. Boom. Let's get to Jess with the Mess.


Worldwide Mess on The Breakfast Club. She's the coaches with Lauren. Lauren LaRosa. I'm back And I got the message. Talk to me. Yo. Yo. So Lauren, what we got going on? We checked in with our girl, Wendy Williams yesterday. Wendy called into the show, just wanted to give some updates and we had been breaking some news so she just wanted to hear you want you guys to hear her voice. So let's take a listen. We talked to her about how her weekend was with her dad. The birthday was great, you know what I'm saying? Me and my dad, we had a great time and you know, my sister and my brother, you know my niece, we all had a really great time. My son was a part of it too. And I also did some shopping in Miami because my guardian person told me that I would not be going to storage.


So you know, everything is in storage here in New York. So I have to see the judge, I have to meet my attorneys, I have to do this and that here in New York. So, you know, so I did some clothing shopping while I was in Miami, which by the way, my guardian person gave the credit card to my attorney who I fired back in New York. They denied me doing some of the shopping in Miami. The point is, is that this is the freaking life that I'm still in. Yeah. So she wanted to go shopping. Yeah, Because remember She, she said she ain't got no money. Well Emini here. I guess she got enough to do a little bit of something here and there because they, I think she was shopping like out in the airport and she got her hair dyed.


But remember she came on the show before and she was, since she didn't know she was gonna see her be able to see her dad, we saw her go see her dad. So she just wanted to tell us how that went. Well maybe I'm wrong. I thought she had money. She just just didn't have access to it. She doesn't have access. She couldn't get to the money. Last time Emergency had $5. It was like five or 15. But I think she was kind of being funny about basically like in her pocket right now. She can't just go access what she needs if she needs to. Her Guardian has control of All her finances. Yeah, her guardian has control because even when she talked about shopping, she, she mentions that they gave her attorney the, the, her credit card. Like she can't just like go and swipe away. Right. But another point that she, that we talked about was people seeing her with her son when she was down in Miami celebrating her dad's birthday because people were shocked to see that. Let's take a listen. My son And I are doing very well.


You know, we are regularly on the phone and you know, like, you know what my son always says to me, it means a, oh my God I'm gonna cry. It means a lot to me. He always says, you know mom, what's your last name? And I tell him, you know what Williams? And he says, no, your last name is Hunter. You are a hunter. That is my, that is my marital last name and I'm not married anymore. But he always just wants me to be his mom. People Shouldn't think because of the situation that happened that she's gonna disown him. Yeah. That that is my son. But you know, one thing that I will not do, I would not be permissive in any way, shape or form regarding my money. And I already told him that.


I said, look boy, you know, you leave my money alone. My money is my money. And who was that talking with? Wendy, that's Gina Lisa. Gina Lisa is, is is holding Wendy down. But Emini here, you know, that's still her son at the end of the day. Right. But she's not a hunter anymore. At the end of the day. That is also true. So Right. What, as much as I wish my mother was still lamore, she's not, you know what Emini here, she, they, you know, she has to go back to her maiden name. You know what Emini here I get, I get what her son is saying, but like, Yeah, it's like, like, it's like A lot of pain, a lot of hurt there, you know? Yeah. And she, why, the reason why we talked about this is because for those who don't remember in the TMZ Tuby documentary that they did, Wendy talked about, talked about her son being a horrible person to her and using money, allegedly using money when he shouldn't have.


So that's why we checked in on that. And then there was also a conversation around her being medically evaluated and that was supposed to happen in order to see if she could pick her own lawyer and all this stuff after the firing. So we, we talked about whether that happened or not. You want More the cases on pause. We recently just saw online there's some, an answer that Amy responded back to the request for the, the lawsuit to be on pause. And I guess what they're saying is why should this case be on pause when you already stated Wendy wasn't incapacitated and she was Yeah. Telling me that I'm incapacitated have dementia. So Why, why would she have to undergo more medical evaluation when, thank you you already came to the forefront with this information.


'cause I Don't have it with her And I don't understand, I will never understand the lawsuit against lifetime. Especially being that Sabrina was your guardian when you went through that whole process. Yeah. So that was us like that check-in. Right. There was more so about the fact that the, a e lawsuit has been on pause because they're saying Wendy needs these evaluations, which she has not gotten. 'cause she's trying to figure out who her next attorney is gonna be. But all of that is kind of, I don't know, I think it's just all of this is pretty insane because it's like as simple as like let her do the evaluation and move on or, or leave it alone and, and let her kind of have so Well the evaluation might take months. So that's what they're trying to speed up the process of the evaluation so she can get in front of those people, take her test and you know, get up out of there. Right. Yeah.


Until then she's in a luxury prison. That's Right. Mm. So what else we got? We got the Real Housewives of Potomac. Karen hugger, the grand dom. That crazy Got my Girl. What happened to her? Oh, this is not Emini here. Yeah, there's nothing to celebrate. She got a, she fi she's arrested. She's, Oh damn. Yeah. So she had been going through the situation for a DUI, she was pulled over, I think it was like back in December she was pulled over, no, December. She was found guilty of all charges like reckless driving, driving except for reckless driving, driving under the influence of there was body cam that came out. She was really, really drunk in the body cam. So she was officially sentenced by Montgomery County, Maryland.


She has two years in prison, but there's gonna be a one year suspended sentence. So she only do one year and then she has to do probation or five years and then she has 30 days to appeal this 90 days to ask the judge to reconsider. But to be honest with y'all, if I was her, I wouldn't ask the judge to do anything. I would just take my time, stand on 10 toes and realize like, you need to sit down for a little bit because this Is take that one year. Yeah, yeah. This is not her first time. Like when the Yeah, because when the prosecutors were having, so basically what happened is, is the prosecutors were, were, you know, stating their case of how much time they think she should do. In the midst of all of this, Karen decides to go and check herself into a like, rehab facility because of her checking herself into that rehab rehab facility, she couldn't attend the real house size of Potomac reunion.


So people were like, yo, this is just a stunt for her to get a lesser sentencing, which most people do. But once the prosecutors alerted the judge that she had three previous DUIs, like three previous, three previous alcohol related traffic cases between 2006 and 2011, including one to correct myself and which she was found guilty of DUI. They were like, okay, we gonna move forward with the sentencing. She's going to do that one. That's when the sentencing happens. So if, that's what I'm saying, if I was her, just, you know what, Emini here take the time. Yeah. Reflect it could have been worse at, at what Point do you hire a driver Emini here Do you have to have, did I not hire a driver? Right. Like Should the two, the two DUIs before that's when you hired her. That's what I'm saying. But she was with her husband. I'm surprised her husband didn't look like he was twisted.


None. I'm surprised he wasn't driving. Listen, it was a, all I know is sis was gone. It was a one vehicle car crash, thank God nobody was, you know, hurt terribly. But speaking of her husband, her husband was there with her when the sentencing came down and she, people in the courtroom reported, like reporters said that she looked over to him and just told him that she loved him and said that God's got you. She'll be all right. God bless you. And then they took her into custody. Nah, I Ain't got nothing to do with this. Okay. She, She trying to comfort her man because she about to go away for the year. I understand. But God has nothing to do with this. We all make choices, man. So will she be put out the show like what's going on with the show? She's still gonna be On the show. No, I doubt she'll be put out the show. She's a big force on the show. But the way that they did it with the reunion they just wrapped up this last season was they had her come in with a video.


And in the video she talked about she's checking herself into the facility. So she won't be on a reunion. She's gonna do better. She wants to take accountability. She says she's not an alcoholic, but she does wanna see, you know, what's going on with her because she does drink and she does have a, something where she has like an addiction to antidepressants. So she's gonna get better because, you know, she cares about her family and wants to do better for them. So we'll see What happens. Not only your family, her community, Emini here, the fact that she got into a car crash and the fact that this happened numerous times, there could have been somebody else in the road. So thank God nobody else was hurt. But I hope she gets the help that she needs and, and if she's in rehab, that means she does have some type of problems. So I just hope that she, she comes back better And they, we definitely going to, she going, Andy, come gonna find a way to put this on the show.


Of course, Of course. Thank you Lauren. All right. That is just with the mess Now Charlamagne, who you getting that Donker to? I need a woman named Soon Bang to come to the front of the congregation. We would like to have a word with her. Please. What's her name? Soon? Bang. Soon Bang. Soon bang. Like soon. Bang. Soon bang. Okay, We'll get to it. Next is The Breakfast Club. Good morning, You are Chicken out The Breakfast Club. I was born a donkey. It's the donkey of the Devil. Put a donkey of the day. That's pretty fun. Charlemagne the devil. The Breakfast Club. Yes, donkey.


Today for Thursday, February 27th goes to a 63-year-old woman named Soon Bang and Soon Bang has been charged with operating a prostitution business from the New Jersey Massage Parlor she owns. Yes. Her name is Soon Bang. And she owns the Oasis Spa in Denville, New Jersey. And with a name like Soon Bang, her career choice was just destiny. Okay, if you walk into a massage parlor and the owner is soon bang, then you already know they got a hidden menu. And according to police reports and a stem to stem interview, with soon bang, she admitted to engaging in sexual intercourse in providing hand jobs with clients in exchange for money. Okay, I know what you're thinking and what you're thinking is, dammit, why do I never end up at these massage parlors?


Okay, they don't do this in Massage Envy, but that's not what you're thinking. Oh, okay. Me neither, by the way, I was just trying to connect with whoever feels that way. But Soon Bang operates the Oasis Spa in Danville, New Jersey. And before I continue, I need you to know that the detective on this case was Detective D Large. I'm not making any of this story up, nor am I mature enough to have this conversation. But here we are now, the reason police searched this massage parlor was for a number of reasons and none of them had anything to do with her name. Sun Bang. First of all, when authorities raided Oasis Spa, they found all the classic indicators of an illicit operation. Okay? They discovered a large quantity of condoms hidden within a mattress because safe sex is great sex, but you better wear a latex.


Okay? The $50 million in condoms that Donald Trump said were sent to Hamas by USAID were stashed in a mattress in Oasis Spa. And they were hidden in plants, which could be a organic option for the environmentally conscious perverts out there. Okay? Not to mention she had numerous online reviews for explicit sexual acts with customers That'll do it. Okay? When you have actual online reviews about the hand jobs that are happening in your establishment, you are just begging to get caught. Okay? If your Yelp reviews sound like they belong on OnlyFans Trust and believe you might as well be snitching on yourself when they searched soon. Bang's residence, they also found a bunch of cash hidden in our bedroom.


And the same style condom that was located in the Oasis Spa was found in Soon Bang's bedroom. I don't know why that was a necessary detail. She probably buys in bulk just like Diddy does his baby oil. This what I don't understand though, soon bang is 63, 1 of our employees got arrested. Their name was you Shun Lee. Day 67, at what point are you too old for this? Okay? You should be sitting around watching Family Feud playing Scrabble. But you out here living like a crime boss on a 50 cent power spinoff. Why? In such an obvious crime if your name is soon Bang. Okay? Don't run a business where that's exactly what's happening, okay?


You can't get arrested for doing exactly what your name says. Speaking of her name, I think it's time to play a game of yes. What? She Soon bang 63 years old owns a massage parlor called, called Oasis Spa. When you went to Oasis Spa, they were al also operating a prostitution business. DJ Envy. Guess what Ratios, this is a tough one. Oh, new Jerseys soon. Bang. Mm Hand jobs on the hidden menu. I'm Asian T style Tiger style. Okay? Okay. Okay, soon.


Bang. 63 years old owns a massage parr called Oasis Spa. When you went to O Oasis Spa, they were operating a prostitution business. Just hilarious. Guess what? Racist. Black. Ooh, down, down. Okay. What made you think black? I'm just curious. We can get a little kinky sometimes and do a name change. You know what? Emini here aint nothing. Okay? Alright. Now I have seen no pictures. All right? I'm basing this off all gut feelings. But if her name is soon bang and one of her employees is Hun Lee, and Lee is spelled LI, I'm just gonna assume that DJ NVU are absolutely correct and soon bang is, why did you do the Donald Trump double hand job dancer Pound.


Why did you do That? That's the winner you went. Ah, Okay girl, I'm just gonna assume she's a, A, B, C, D, hand y free. Okay? Please give soon. Bang. The biggest heehaw. Now I may what or may have not been to Oasis Spa before. Oh, you've been there before. That's why you did the double hand job while Donald Trump. Now, when I used to live in, in that county, there was Groupons and you could get, they were cheap. What was crazy? Cheap massages. I'm gonna tell you what's crazy. What? You didn't have to volunteer that information, right? You just decided to tell us, which is crazy that you may or may not be involved in this type Of activity.


Me and the wife went and got, you know, massages. But I didn't get no happy ending or Even asked anything to talk about. Nobody. I'm just telling you nobody, you didn't even have to tell us you was there. I'm Telling you, I just, Nope, because I looked it up when you said OAS spot Denville. I'm like, I think I've been in there. Nope, before we connected seven 11 around the corner. They all around New York though. 'cause I, my old camera guy loose. He used to. He used to. Yeah. He used to partake in those all the time. Yes he did. Actually that was always The spot talk. I don't know about old waste spi, but I know he used to do it and he said it is more in New York than you think it is. There's one on every corner and the may just be going to work. Never know. I didn't get no hand job or nothing like that. But you sound guilty to me, sir. I'm telling I'm be honest with you. You telling you the truth. I wife, I didn't even ask, we didn't ask wife What You talking about?


Okay, hand, let Me ask you a question. You've been to a bunch of massage players. Have, have they ever offered you A a Never. Me neither. I've never gotten that. Me neither. I don't believe you though. No, you don't have, don't you sound guilty over there dressed like Arsenio Hall in the nineties point half finger. Yeah, during the Donald Trump double hand job. You know what I'm Saying? I hate y'all. All right, well up next is just fix my mess. 805 8 5 1 0 5 1. If you having relationship issues or relationship problems, you can call Jess right now. (800) 585-1051. Call us up right now. It's The Breakfast Club. Good morning. The Breakfast Club X about me Relationship problems. Ask about me. You need to beat your coworkers ass.


Ask about me. Your Coworker need to beat your ass. Call it up. And Dr. Jess, I'm here to fix your mess. Fix mess. It's getting very much messy. Let me fix this morning everybody. It's DJ Envy Jess. Hilarious. Charlamagne the guy. We are The Breakfast Club. It's time for Jess. Fix my mess. And we got L Boogie on the line. L Boogie. Good morning. Hey, what's the deal? What's up dj? Vy. Charla Main and just what's up? Where You calling from? What I'm calling from Kelly. What's happening? Alright, what's your question for Jess? So you up early? What's up? Yes, yes, indeed. Alright, look, check this out Jess. I need your help. Alright, so my coworker, she, she just started working maybe about four or five months ago, but now she's thinks about leaving.


I ain't gonna hold you. We, we was on some extracurriculars in the break room a couple times, but this last time, the fifth time we, we actually got caught by one of our coworker, coworker. Usually we lock the door. I don't know, I guess we just forgot this time. But she, she's embarrassed. She's talking about not talking to me no more. Talking about changing apartments or leaving the job. You know what I'm saying? Entirely. I, I don, I don't really know what to do. I'm trying to talk her like off the ledge, so to speak, but nah, she, she not having it, you know what I'm saying? I'm trying to get back in that, trying to get back in that choir room. Oh, so you just trying to get back in a box and she, and she's thinking what her job is on the line or she just don't want the reputation around the job? Is she screwing?


Is she screwed you in in a break room? See, but look, the job not even on the line Emini here, nobody supposed manage. So it is just her reputation. She don't wanna be known as that. But she actually, yeah, but she chose to to bust it open five times at work. But now, Yeah, somebody, it, it's too much. People know It should have been too much anyway. Like why, why y'all don't have cars? Y'all don't, y'all don't, the break not longer have to, it's more somewhere else. It's more room than that. We all, There's more room in the quiet room Where y'all work at. Oh no, I ain't, I'm sorry. What's, what's the nature of what y'all do Emini here? What's the nature? Why, why y'all couldn't go nowhere else? Yeah. Yeah. It's insurance Emini here. We, we could've went to the car, but Emini here, if we got rooms at work to work to like lay down, take a pass Emini here, right?


Do other things. Okay, no other things. So listen, listen. So what, what is your, your question. So you want me to help you what? Find a way to get her back Or off her off list. Like what, what do I say to offer her off? Like, to let her know that this fool, like I don't look at her different. It don't matter what, I can't Say. Hey, you can't say nothing. She already feel like the reputation ready be destroyed because whoever caught y'all definitely told everybody else like, I don't care what y'all think. Nah. That person told everybody else, whether it was a guy or girl, it don't even matter. You know what Emini here, but lesson learned, don't bust it open at Word. You know that ain't your fault. It, it, it, it is her fault. And then it was, it took two to do that and Nah, but, but there it is.


Gotta I could tell her Emini here, I, how can I like comfort her because this, this one of the ones I ain't gonna hold you. She got qua speed and a lock. Ooh. So you, you just comfort her by y'all sleep somewhere else. Sleep with her somewhere else. Bring it to your house. Yeah, she lives kind of far from, from the job. So, you know what I'm saying? It's an hour commute for her every each way. So that's why. So That was the only way. So that was the only place that y'all could do Yeah. Yeah. Emini here. I'm not driving an hour for Real. That's it. I I swear I'm, I'm, I don't have a way to help you with that, bro. I can't help you comfort her because she, her reputation is done now. So she might as well just start a only fans just quit start OnlyFans and damn, that's it.


I'm sorry I can't be on camera like that, Man. I know. I'm sorry about that bro. Damn. Just, Hey, what, what you doing this weekend? Maybe we, you know what I'm saying? Maybe get some shit. Well, look, look, look, look, I'm not gonna be doing what shorty was doing with you, but I'm coming to California next weekend, March 7th and eighth. I got shows in the Bay Area, Pleasanton, California at Tommy t. So you maybe y'all can pop out at the comedy show and there's room's in the back of the comedy show. If you wanna go back down.


Hey Y'all, I'm Maria Fernandez. My podcast when You're Invisible is my love letter to the working class people and immigrants who shaped my life. I get to talk to a lot of people who form the backbone of our society, but who have never been interviewed before. Season two is all about community organizing and being underestimated. All the greatest changes have happened when a couple of people said, this sucks. Let's do something about it. I can't have more than $2,000 in my bank account or else I can't get disability benefits. They won't let you succeed. I know we get paid to serve you guys, but like, be respectful or made outta the same things. Bone, body blood. It's rare to have black male teachers. Sometimes I am the lesson and I'm also the testament. Listen to when you're invisible as part of the Mike Cultura podcast network available on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts.


See what y were get it popping at where? Wait, where'd you, where'd you say you were Coming? Pleasanton, California at Tommy Tee's Comedy Club in the Bay. I'll be there. Make sure you do okay. Bring, bring her. I got y'all. I get y'all the room. I'm invite her. But there ain't no, ain't no promise. Ain't no promise. Thank you. Good luck brother. Appreci Sex. I was gonna tell 'em I'm gonna be in Cali too, but I don't want them having sex in the middle of my set. Like I, like, I don't want them. I don't wanna be DJing them. RRB block party side. The side party. Yeah. I don. Yeah. I don't want 'em to be, nah, you know what Emini here like Yeah. This little behind. One of them dumpsters saying, I'm tell 'em I'm be in Cali. I want 'em to hit me up. I did not say that's with you. That was a weird segue. What's wrong with you? Alright, just fix my mess.


805 8 5 1 0 5 1. If you need help, relationship advice, call us up now. It's The Breakfast Club. Good morning. Help me baby. It's the real deal. Help me, help me. Oh my God. I'm all up in your mess. I'm gonna fix it. Fix it, fix it. Just gonna fix your mess because my advice is real morning everybody, it's DJ Envy. Jess. Hilarious. Charlamagne the guy. We are The Breakfast Club. We're in the middle of Just fix my mess. We got Alexis on the line. Alexis, what's up? Hey Jess. Well, I'm really hoping that you can fix my situation or at least give me some really good advice on what I need to do to kind of move forward. Okay. But I've been married for about three years and good morning breakfast crew.


I'm sorry. Good morning Please. Good morning. But it's been a really stressful morning for me today. But like I said, I've been married for three years. I have five kids. One, my previous relationship, he's 10. He's my everything. However, my other four are from my current marriage And I have been our sole provider from almost like day one. Well, no, from day one. And it's been really hard because I do depend on my husband to like, provide Emini here. I come from a, a household where my grandparents raised me and my granddaddy do care of everything. That's right. There was nothing my grandmother has to do. And my family is a god serious family.


I'm a God fair woman. And I believe in, you know, that that's what the man is supposed to take care of the house. And I'm supposed to support my wife duties as appoint as well, which I do. Now, I'm not gonna say that me And I don't, you know, have shortcomings. I'm not perfect, but Right. For me, it's the financial piece. Like, I expect my husband to keep a consistent job to help support us financially. 'cause outside of our finances, I feel like we don't really have issues. But when it's bearing on me to take over and push and push Emini here, I just had a baby. My baby's five months old. It's a bit stressful. All my kids are back to back.


Like, well, my oldest is 10 And I have a 4-year-old, a 3-year-old, a 1-year-old, and my five month old. Okay, so real question. All right. All right. This, this is gonna be a little hard, but okay, so these kids are back to back. You said you've been the breadwinner since basically day one. You know, you said your husband cannot keep a consistent job. Is that what you said? I don't want to mess you up. That's you Said do I? No, you right. Do I? Okay. All right. Why continue to keep having children if you know that you have to have them, you gonna be the one paying for 'em, you gonna be the one taking care of them. And it was already a mental strain on you anyway, probably just from seeing that he really wasn't a consistent provider.


And after the first one, you know what, Emini here. So like why, why do we put ourselves in these situations? And I'm, I'm saying we, because I'm a woman too. I'm, I'm not dealing with what you dealing with, but I'm a woman first, so I'm just going, you know, meet you where you at. But why, why? Because I truly have to have faith And I wanna continue to have faith that he is going to be that person. Like I've, we've been to a point where he's had a job and he was doing what he needed to do things turning around. He was, you know, picking up the slack, you know, and, you know, we was getting back to square one, but then unfortunate things happened and he lost his job.


Okay? So, and, And look, things do happen. Things do happen. You know what Emini here, but you got, you didn't have one kid, you know, you had, didn't have two, you know, you didn't have three. You had, you just, you just had another baby. You know what, Emini here, somebody gotta pay for these children, you know? And I, it's, mm, it's just this, this situation is hard because he ain't your boyfriend ain't just your baby father. He a, he a husband, you know? Yeah. And so, you know what you have to do, you know what Emini here, especially if, because you can do bad by yourself, right? I know that's a cliche saying, but you can do bad by yourself. What, what is he saying? Is he, you know, I'm sorry, or I am looking, or I, you know, why won't we start a business together?


Like what is he doing? Is he just sitting there chilling, Emini here? I just, I don't, I hate to make him out to be a bad person. 'cause I love my husband, But of course It's like when I tell him like, I need you to, I need you to figure it out. I need you to get, get to put, put his foot in the ground, find something to do. He like, I got it, I got it. But yeah, I think all he do is chill at the house. Yeah, that's what I'm telling you. Like, yo, like yeah, you can't find a job here. You can find a job there. Like, you might not like the job, but Nah, it's Not good. You, Well, you know what you need to do baby girl. 'cause yeah, you, you're doing everything. And remember I'm not going, I'm, I can't try sending enough. I you're carrying kids.


You have to have them and you have to take care of them. And you and you are chilling at the house. Look and you still look, look at you. You still don't wanna paint him out to be a bad person. Nah, he may not be a bad person overall, but he's not a good, a good husband. He's not a good husband. I'm gonna go ahead and jump out the window and say that for you because you don't wanna say that. You know what, Emini here don't, don't go back and forth in your mind going crazy over something. You know what it is and you know what you need to do. You had five, you had five children. You know what Emini here, what, what are they looking at? What are they seeing? They saying they father chill. The other one's saying a stepfather chill while mom go do everything right and you breaking down.


You not happy. You crying to me right now. You know what? Emini here, that's crazy. You know what you gotta do, you know, but I love you. Keep on, keep on, you know you gotta keep taking care of your kids. You gotta keep on, you gotta keep on working but you, you don't gotta stay there. You don't have to stay there. You're fine. And you will find somebody that you know love ain't over for you. You know that that should be fur the furthest away from your mind right now. But nah, you, you can do all this by yourself. Like you ain't got a struggle. Basically you got six kids is what it sound like, you know, gonna be about Nah, you get, get. Thank you. I appreciate it. It's alright.


And don't have faith in him. Have faith in God. You know what you gotta do, you know? Yeah. Yeah babe. Good luck babe. Good luck. Y'all have a great one. You too. You too. All right, just fix my mess. 805 8 5 1 0 5 1. Now we have the mess coming up. We got the latest on ASAP Rocky coming up next The Breakfast Club Morning everybody. It it's DJ JNV. Just hilarious. Charlemagne the guy. We are The Breakfast Club. Let's get to the Mess Worldwide. Mess on The Breakfast Club. She's the coaches. Lauren, Lauren LaRosa. I'm back And I got the mess.


Talk to me. So even though ASAP Rocky is free, it's, there's some more updates for this. Yeah. What's that? Because on the civil side, ASAP rally, remember he was suing Joe Taina for defamation. Joe Taina is ASAP Rocky's attorney who we had on The Breakfast Club, but he also sued civilly ASAP Rocky for assault and battery on the civil side. Now I honestly, I didn't know if if they were even gonna move forward with this on that side of things, but this is not uncommon. Sometimes you can lose on the criminal side and then win on the civil side. So I think that's what he thinks he's gonna do. So Wednesday of this week, a judge set a January 12th date as the first trial date for this.


And then a May 28th, 2025 date as the next hearing. So the Riley's lawyer said that they, and, and they are going to continue litigating this case. They said that the standard in a criminal case is much higher than what you have to prove in a civil matter. And they still believe that their claims have merit and they intend to fully litigate them. Now I'm being told on is that Rocky's side, they are not worried about this whatsoever. But I Emini here, I was shocked when I, I saw the headlines yesterday like, okay this is gonna move forward. I thought because everything else that was happening with like them trying to push for the perjury and stuff like that, that maybe we see a halt, but it's not, not as of now anyway. Hmm. There's a Brief little Update. Does that make sense? A after everything we seen in the, in the perjury that, that Joe said when he was here on the air.


And why would you wanna go against an attorney like they have, like they don't have to spend any money for Him. I don't think that if I was, if I was re's attorney, I wouldn't do it. Just be Emini here. I guess I would, 'cause I'm gonna be paid to do it, but if I was re I probably wouldn't do it because I don't know, I just don't see the, the win there. But at the, again, not to bring this up, this is completely different 'cause no one died. But you remember OJ Simpson, he was found guilty on civil, on the civil side, but innocent on the criminal side. Yeah. Yeah. But it's totally two different cases. It's totally different. Two different cases. Yeah, I'm just saying that it can happen. So I don't, I don't know here. I don know It happens all the time, but really already showed us he's not the best decision maker, so Yeah. Yeah. Well Drake sold out dates. Yeah. So listen, now yesterday we did the story, we were trying to explain to the people why Drake decided to cancel the last like, couple dates on the, the tour that EE has happening.


So what we said yesterday was that he canceled these dates because he'd been sentenced. He would be sitting still for 12 days because they had four shows that were spread out within that amount of time. And still there's like so many reports around like ticket sales and ticket sales being the actual reason that Drake canceled these dates. Now you went back again, got some clarification information on the actual ticket sales. And from what we are told, the ticket sales were not the issue. The shows that he actually canceled were already sold out according to our source. And we were told that he actually sold 135,000 tickets in minutes, I guess when this was all first announced. So just wanted to clarify that and put that out there because one of the, the, the biggest questions I got from the report yesterday is like what exactly happened with ticket sales and why, why was that not addressed in what we talked about?


So I did wanna put that in here right now. Now they said those dates were sold out. They said all those can, the ones that he canceled that he's coming back to do is was actually sold out. And they said he even sold a festival also 135,000 tickets. So the tickets are are not the problem. Listen, I They about like, are they talking wireless fest? I'm not sure. They just said, but don't Owls pre-plan, like, don't you route these toys months in advance? Mm. Yeah. And I think that's what I think that's why people aren't believing should what is being said, but I think Emini here. You got to what, what else are we gonna do here? Because it's canceled. It's not happening. So damn. I don't know what else we do. Damien Lillet, he love, he, we know he love Gorilla, but somebody was singing his songs to him.


I don't even know how he pronounce the guy name. What is it? Y Giannis. Giannis, Yeah. So Giannis, so there's a, there's like a, I think it's like a post game clip. I'm not for sure if it's pre post game, but Damien Little is in the locker room and he's, you know, know how that they be interviewing and talking to the, the players and Gianni starts singing a part of globalist song. Let's take a listen to how Damien Li reacts Every game. And I think that's probably what do was talking about. But I think you know it Wasd, This dude is crazy man. I knew it. I knew it Caught him off guard. He couldn't even finish this what he was saying.


Yo, he lit up in the video. So I know if you're listening to this on the radio, you can't see it. But if you happen to get a chance to go and watch that video, please go watch it. Because when the song started to be sung GL Villa's. Hmm. Part of that song she did with Sexy Red Babe Boy Lit Up. I kind of think that there's something there. I don't know. And I, And I know Charmagne, you had talked to GL Villa about this and she kind of, she got, she started fumbling to listen. Well I don't make it seem like I be kiking with these young ladies. You ki That what you I was interviewing her having a conversation Ki but outta Context series that I do on my YouTube channel. Okay. Okay. Tell Us girl. I just hit her for the t No Key Tell us girl. But Let's take a listen though. 'cause she started trying to fumble a little bit too.


She didn't know what the, she had to get it together. Let's take a listen to that. What's your relationship with Damien a Lila like talking about, they just asked him about you the other day at a press conference. Look at you dropping, getting all nervous thinking about that man Who Nerves, who Nerves. They asked him about you and he said, you know, I keep my personal life personal and let it be that I respect her as an artist. We know each other. She's an artist. I'm an artist. But as far as anything else, it ain't nothing going on. That's what I can tell you. Yeah, that's that. Yeah. Did you ever, did y'all ever speak Kick it talk? Nothing. You Know, it's a lot of In The World and they keep saying they better ask about one. It's going to Me up Honey. That ain't never gonna get old. Stop asking me about one.


Shout out. Shout out a couple other ones. Oh, I thought the audio was done. Sorry y'all. That line ain't never gonna get old. Stop asking her about one. It's a lot out here, but she did It. Get old when you get old. What? It'll get old when you get old because that line gets shorter. The old do you get Well hopefully she's locking in in with Damien. Oh, I Thought you talking about Yourself. You talking about you. Yeah, I know. And I was ignoring it because like what? When you were out in LA so you can go out there. There's probably some prospects out there for you. Thank you Justin. She used to live there. You think she ain't got a couple out there already? Why she smiling when she got out there? Bus? Because what time is it over there? It's six o'clock in the morning. I'm going to sleep when I leave here y'all. It Don't look like you're going to sleep.


What did you see? Fresh Face ready to put a makeup on. Very cute. She was probably out last night. That's probably what it was. She's probably out last night. Now moving forward, I did wanna just real quick send the congratulations to Master Fee. The last time he was up here, he told us that he had a big announcement coming when it came to like the collegiate sports stuff. And yesterday he was named president of basketball operations at the University of New Orleans. So, okay, I did wanna just, you know, just give him some congratulations on that. That's a big deal for him. Salute to Master P. All right. Yes. Thank you Lauren. All In my business. All right. That's the mess. Now when we come back, we got the People's Choice Mix. Get your request in 805 8 5 1 0 5 1 is The Breakfast Club. Good morning, you Are Chicken out The Breakfast Club.


Morning Everybody. It's DJ Envy, Jess, Hilarious. Charlamagne the guy. We are The Breakfast Club. It's Black History Month. What we Doing, man, you know, every day during Black History Month my guy BDot puts out an episode of, I didn't Know, maybe you didn't either. And today he's gonna take you on a journey of Cheney University, the first HBCU born in 1837 to help black folks get an education. Let's discuss If you said Cheney University in 1837. Of course you're correct. It was the Institute for Colored Youth, the absolute first institution in the United States to provide higher education specifically for African Americans for perspective.


The University of North Carolina. Chapel Hill was founded in 1789, almost 50 years. And although they didn't start enrolling students until 17, 95, 42 years is a mighty large headstart. See, Cheney was founded by a Quaker, a white man, Richard Humphreys. 'cause he had the bread to do so, which is why Wilberforce is very significant now, although it was founded 19 years after Cheney in 1856. Here's something that I didn't know, maybe you didn't either. Wilber Forest University is in Wilber Forest, Ohio, a town of about 2,400 folks. The area code there is 4 5 3 8 4. And it was named after a white Englishman named William Wilberforce, who was a notable leader of the movement to abolish slavery over there in Britain.


However, even though Wilberforce was named after a white man, what makes Wilberforce special is it was the first HBCU owned and operated are black folks. The African Methodist Episcopal Church, a ME to be exact. So change was founded earlier and began as a vocational and teacher training institute. Whereas Wilberforce was the first HBCU controlled by black folks with an emphasis on liberal arts education. Both were very pivotal to the history of HBCUs. Now when you ask what's the last HBCU built, if you said American Baptist College, you'd be correct.


Here's something else that I didn't know. Maybe you didn't either. It was founded in 1924 as American Baptist Theological Seminary and it wasn't recognized as an HBCU by the US Department of Education until 2013. A BC is known as Holy Hill and was founded by an unprecedented collaboration between the all Black National Baptist Convention, USA and the all white Southern Baptist Convention. The goal was to educate rural black clergy for leadership in their communities. See, A BC was ping in the sixties during the civil rights movement. Stop. See, little black boys wasn't growing up trying to go to Yale or Stanford.


Oh no. Little black boys wanted to go to A B, C and learn how to preach out. Yes to. They wanted to be like Dr. King Sha and A BC got some very notable alarm too. Bernard Lafayette, who was dang near the founder of the Civil Rights Movement, Congressman John Lewis, activist, CT Vivian and Civil Rights Leader, James Bevel. But when I asked you what was the last HBCU built, you might've said UVI. And that would've been correct too. 'cause it was founded in 1962, the University of the Virgin Islands. And see it serves a dual role of a land grant university and an HBCU over in the Virgin Islands. Now, whereas all LG Land Grant universities and HBCUs are both types of land grant universities.


HBCUs are extremely underfunded compared to PWI lgu. But that's a whole nother conversation for a whole nother episode. This was just a little something that I didn't know. Maybe you didn't either. About training will War Force A, B, C, and UVI. I didn't know. Listen up, man. If you love this series, you can now listen to us every single week starting in March for all types of things that I didn't know. Maybe you didn't either. Make sure you're following the show on the iHeart app so that you can hear more. Okay. Bye. All right, well, happy Black History Month. That's right. And make sure you subscribe to the, I didn't know, maybe you didn't need the podcast on the Black Effect iHeart Radio Podcast Network.


And please remember, Saturday, April 26th is the third annual Black Effect Podcast Festival happening in Atlanta at Pullman Yards. Thank you to everybody who bought tickets yesterday. Tickets went on sale yesterday. Thank you to everybody who joined us the last two years. Hope to see you again this year. You know, this year's lineup is fantastic. We got Mandy and Wheezy hosting from Decisions Decisions. We got the Trap Nerd podcast for all the gamers out there, good moms bad choices will be there during their podcast live. Carrie Champion will be there with her, her Naked Sports podcast, the RB Money Podcast with Tank and Jay Valentine will be there. And the Woman Evolve podcast, which Sarah Jake Roberts will be there. Plus we got, you know, the, the, the, the business of podcasting panels and the Black Effect marketplace with the food trucks and all of that good stuff. So go get your tickets for April 26th in Atlanta, Georgia at Pullman Yards, the third annual Black Effect podcast festival. You can go to black effect.com/podcast festival to get you tickets.


All right, when we come back, we got the positive notice, The Breakfast Club. Good morning. Morning everybody. It's CJ Envy. Jess. Hilarious. Charlemagne the guy. We are The Breakfast Club. And anybody out there, you know what I, I'm looking for a Doberman pincher. I have a, I have a, a German Shepherd who, who's a, a work dog, a guard dog. And my kids don't f 'em 'cause they're scared of him because his, but I'm looking for a puppy, a dope man. I promised my kids a puppy since Christmas and they are on me. How is the big dog going to like be around the little dog? The big dog's not gonna be anywhere around. Okay. This new dog because the guard dogs don't do all with the nah, nah, nah, nah. No. But his dog is, he is strictly, he just handles business when he needs to handle business. But I'm looking for a puppy. The kids really want a puppy.


They've been asking me for years for a puppy And I've been like curbing him like, nah, nah, nah. But now the other one in my, my youngest one is about to be four, so I promised them. So I'm looking for a Doberman pincher. I want a Doberman little baby Doberman. A puppy. 'cause I want 'em to grow up with the family. So if any, any breeders out there, please hit me up. I'm looking for a Doberman or any type of dog that doesn't shed. 'cause my wife is not messing with the dog here. Not at all. No, no, no. Nobody want deal with all that. No, your house too big. It have hair everywhere. Yeah, no, cleaning that up is crazy. Yeah. No, no, no, no. Alright, Sherman, you got a positive note? I do, man. The positive note is simply this empathy has no script. There is no right way or wrong way to do. It's simply listening, holding space, withhold judgment, emotionally connecting and communi and communicating that incredibly healing message that you're not alone.


That came from Brene Brown. Man. Brene Brown is amazing, but sometimes that's all people need to hear. Have a blessed day. Breakfast Club Bitches. Do y'all finish or y'all done?


Hey y'all, I'm Maria Fernan Di, when you're Invisible is my love letter to the working class people in immigrants who shaped me. Season two, share stories about community and being underestimated. All The greatest changes have happened when A couple of people said, this sucks. Let's do something about it. We get paid to serve you or made out of the same things. It's rare to have black male teachers. Sometimes I am the testament. Listen to when you're invisible on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts.


This is John Cameron Mitchell and my new fiction podcast series, cancellation Island Stars Holly Hunter. As Karen, a wellness influencer who launches a rehab for the recently canceled In the future, we will all be canceled for 15 minutes. But don't worry, we'll take you from broke to woke or your money back. Cancellation Island's revolutionary rehab therapies like bad touch football, anti-racism, spin class, and mandatory ayahuasca Ceremonies are designed to force the cancel to confront their worst impulses. But everything starts to fall apart when people start disappearing. Karen, where have you brought us? Cancellation Island. Where a second chance might just be your last listen to Cancellation Island on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts.


Do you remember what you said the first night I came over here? How goes lower from Blumhouse tv? iHeartPodcasts


An Ember 20 comes an all new fictional comedy podcast series. Join the flighty Damien Hurst as he unravels the mystery of his vanished boyfriend. I've been spending all my time looking for answers about what happened to Santi and what's the way to find a missing person. Sleep with everyone he knew. Obviously, listen to the hookup on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you listen to your favorite shows.


I'm Mark Seale. And I'm Nathan King. This Is Leave The Gun. Take the Cannoli. The Five Families did not want us to shoot that picture. This podcast is based on my cohost Mark Seal's bestselling book of the same title. Leave the Gun, take The Cannoli Features New and Archival Interviews with Francis Ford Coppola, Robert Evans, James Kahan, Talia Shire, and many others. Yes, that was a Real Horse's head. Listen and subscribe to Leave the Gun, take the cannoli on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts.