
Everyone loves getting good advice and staying in the know, and there's nothing like getting a heads up on something before you've even had time to think about whether you need it or want it. Well, thankfully, at and t provides personalized recommendations and solutions so you get what's right for you. Whether right for you means a plan that's better suited for you and your family, or a product that makes sense for you and your lifestyle. So relax and let at and t provide proactive recommendations to help empower your best connected life.


State Farm Insurance knows that understanding and investing in our cultural identity is paramount in protecting our future. We know what it's like to go from nothing to something to wish that we had better financial literacy when we were younger. Luckily State Farm is here to help with funding programs like Project Ready, which is committed to education achievement and has already awarded over 11 million in scholarship offers to black and brown youth since 2021. State Farm believes that being better neighbors creates better communities. Like a good neighbor. State Farm is there.


This is Coke Zero sugar. Could I be the best Coke ever? Try and taste with your ears. Hear those bubbles. Imagine them tingling on your top busy deliciousness. Listen to that cascading liquid. A mouthwatering waterfall, irresistibly tasty, zero sugar, crisp, refreshing, and ice. Gold is Coke. Zero sugar. The best Coke ever. Try and decide


From producing LeBron James and director Sidney Freeland Comes Res Ball. A new Netflix film Res Ball is an underdog basketball story deeply rooted in Native American culture. In the heart of Chesca new Mexico, the Chesca Warriors, a high school basketball team based their greatest challenge After the loss of their star player, the team must unite like never before to keep their dreams of a state championship alive. Res Ball is rated PG 13 and premiering September 27th, only on Netflix.


Hey, gorgeous. It's Paris Hilton. Get the party started with my new album, infinite Icon, out now and stream the new single Bad Academy, Welcome To the Bad Academy. I wanted this album to be an escape. Take people to a happy place where they can heal and party in equal measure. And most of all, be your own unapologetic icon. Listen on iHeartRadio and visit infinite icon.com to order the album sponsored by 1111. Media


Hot, important, mainstream. Got one of the biggest things in America. Culture in America. They not like us. Everybody should go on The, Breakfast Club. You wanna shake it up? They not like The, Breakfast Club. DJ Envy the family guy. Just hilarious. I'm the Wild card. Keep the real and Charlemagne the God. I'm a lovable apple. Or your clown. Yo, I'm loving that energy up there right now. Sometimes you gotta Pop out. Ms. Choke. Now. Let's begin. Good morning. USA. Yo. Yo. Yo yo yo yo yo yo yo, yo, yo, yo, yo, yo, yo, yo, yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo, yo yo. Jess is on maternity leave. Lauren the most filling in. What up, Lauren?


Good morning. Charlamagne the guy. Peace To the planet. Guess what day it is? Guess what day it is? Hump Day. Good morning everybody. How y'all feel out there? Good morning, Wednesday. Middle of the week. Good morning. That's right, man. I feel blessed black and highly favored. Another day to serve our beautiful Breakfast Club. Listeners. What's happening out there? Yes, LL Cool Bay, how you feel? I feel great. Okay. Feeling Good. You know. You all right? Yeah. I feel great. Okay. Good. Good. Good, good, good. And B, how you feel? I'm Great, brother. How you feeling? I feel blessed Black and Holly favored. I already told you that. Alright. Happy beer. Blessed Black and Holly Favor. I already told you that. Yes, that's right. See what the day brings. Let's see what the day brings. Mercedes. Monet, she'll be joining us. She's a pro wrestler, Formerly known as Sasha Banks.


That's right. Used to be with the wwe E left. The WWE. Signed the biggest deal for a woman's wrestler ever with a EW. That's right. Now she's the champion over there and And she's Black. Yes, she's black. A lot of people like her. Yeah. Yeah. So she'll be here with us this morning. Yeah. And we've been like, like a combat sports week this morning, huh? We had, yeah. So much Sports. Kayla Plant yesterday. Kayla Plant Yesterday. Yeah. And today Mercedes Monet. I wonder how much we could pay Mercedes Monet to F up Charlamagne. One good time. She told Me she do a complimentary for me because she experienced what I be experiencing. So she was like, girl, I got You. And then when I sue her, And I got all of y'all in court and we got it on You know tape that y'all convinced her to do it. How much money you think I'm gonna get. Let's talk about that.


To do what? The attack me. We was Talking tickle you. Why Would you throw that on us? Why would you ever think That we would have someone, everybody just heard attack you? Everybody just heard y'all. We said tickle. So what you think, how much you think I'll get from that? We said tickle. We said tickle, sir. No. Okay. Alright, well let's get the show cracking front page news. Morgan, what'll be joining us. We'll kick it with her. I'm sure she'll tell us all that's going on. I think President Biden was, did he speak yesterday at the un or is it today? I try to avoid President Biden speaking. So I You know when I, when I, when I see, when I hear those words, president Biden speaking You know I run. I go the other way. So I don't know. I get it. I understand why. Alright, well we'll get into that when we come back. It's The, Breakfast, Club. Good morning. Morning everybody. It's DJ NV Jess. Larry Charlamagne, the guy. We are The Breakfast. Club. Lauren LaRosa filling in for Jess.


And let's get in some front page news. Good morning, Morgan. Good morning. Good morning. How y'all feeling this morning? Good. Amazing. How you feeling? You know I'm, I'm, I'm, I'm making do, I'm making do making do halfway through the week. So You know. We gonna make it do with it too, but let's get into it. So yeah, president Biden, he's telling world leaders some things are more important than staying in power. He made those comments while addressing the United Nations General Assembly yesterday on Tuesday. And what would be his final speech to the generalist Assembly? Let's hear those comments from Biden on deciding to step down. I faced a decision whether to Seek a second term as president was a difficult decision.


Being president has been the honor of my life. There's so much more I wanna get done. As much as I love the job, I love my country more, it's time for new generation leadership to take my nation forward. My fellow leaders let us never forget. Some things are more important than staying in power. Yes. When you're 89 years old, sleep is one of those things that's more important than staying in power. At what Point do, does he stop Talking about that as like a focal point? Probably never. I mean, because there's nothing else to talk about. He needs got 50 more days left. You know And. I mean every time he's probably in front of a microphone, he's gonna say something about it and afterwards.


'cause this is part of his legacy, especially if she wins, if the vice president wins. And this is absolutely part of President Biden's legacy. He did Because he threw the AlleyOOP. Well, yeah, he did. He did the right thing. Correct. Stepped down, even though we know he got pushed out, rightfully so. But he stepped down and You know passed passed the baton. So, So Biden went on to tell the UN that they must never forget who they represent. The people. The President also spoke about the rising tensions in the Middle East and how The World has reached an inflection point. Let's hear Biden's comments on what's happening in the Middle East. We're also working to bring greater measure of peace and stability to the Middle East. The World must not flinch from the horrors of October 7th. Any country, any country would've the right responsibility to ensure that such attack can never happen again.


I put forward with Qatar in Egypt, a cease fire and hostage deal. It's been endorsed by the UN Security Council. Now is the time for the parties to finalize its terms. Bring the hostages home. Must to also address the rise of violence against innocent Palestinians on the West Bank and set the conditions for a better future, including a two-state solution. So Biden called for diplomatic solutions adding full scale war in the region. It's not in anybody's interest. This comes as Lebanese officials said, more than 500 people in including children were killed in Israeli attacks in the country on Monday. It also, it's also as the US continues, as the President mentioned, to try to broker a ceasefire deal between Israel and Hamas.


In a post on X un chief Antonio Gutierrez Gutierrez said, Lebanon is at the brink and The World cannot afford for the country to become another Gaza. Now Israel and Hezbollah continue to trade fire days after the deadliest day in Lebanon. In almost two decades following those attacks, Israel said it killed a commander of the Iran backed Lebanese militant group in an airstrike in Beirut on Tuesdays. So those tensions continue to rise. And I will continue to keep you posted on what's going on with that. Elsewhere in news prison officials in Missouri say, convicted murderer, Marcellus Williams has been executed. Now I know you guys have been seeing this on your timelines. If you've been scrolling as of yesterday, he was put to death by lethal injection Tuesday evening, shortly after the US Supreme Court denied his request for a stay of execution.


Meaning that they would You know, postpone it or basically not kill the man. The 55-year-old Williams was found guilty in 1998 of the stabbing death of a newspaper reporter, Felicia Gale Williams spent more than two decades on Missouri's death row and had proclaimed his innocence until the end. The prosecutor's office that convicted him and the victim's family were among those who opposed his execution. Now, in regards to this case, this man was found guilty. However, there was, there wasn't any physical evidence in regards to that. So this is quite the situation that people are You know. I don't know. How do you guys feel about that? I really don't understand. When people choose to respect DNA, like if his, if I read correctly, his DNA didn't match You know the DNA found the scene of the crime.


So how did he even find him guilty? Like shouldn't science say this clearly couldn't be this Individual. But she said there was no physical evidence. I think that's what, I think that's the dna a she Meant the DNA A But, or nobody seen him or anything like that as well. Right. I don't know about that. I don't know about that. I know the DNA NA is considered the physical. Yeah, that's the main, yeah. Yeah. That was the main thing regarding, like you said, the dna NA that that evidence. So I just, I just don't understand how when people choose to respect DNA tests, like it's like that, it's almost like they pick and choose. Like if there's, if his DNA NA didn't match his dna, NA didn't match. I think it was like something with, I was trying to pull it up real quick, but the, the DNA was contaminated at some point because one of the prosecutors had like went in and touched some evidence, like once it was like something like that. Mm. And that's, that was, go ahead.


No, yeah. No, I was just saying when those type of things happen, I mean, death row should probably be off the table. So You know regarding that. But You know it's this, this Is, yeah, man. Like I don't, This is the justice System. So yeah. How Can you make such a permanent decision with such a You know shaky evidence? Like if anything, just keep, keep give him a life sentence until he, until he sort it out. But did did kill him. Like there's no coming back from that. Once you realize, oh, well You know what we was right. Oh, he was right. We made a mistake. Like, no, he's dead now. It The they that they let a juror go because of race. And so his attorney filed that they, that they, there was bias and jury selection and then the contamination of the murder weapon prior to the trial. Hmm.


The victim family were, was asking for him not to be killed. Yeah. Yeah. Sending him energy to his family. Man, that's horrible. Absolutely. Absolutely. All. Alright, well in the next hour we'll talk about You, know what's happening on the campaign trail with Vice President Harris and of course former President Donald Trump. Alright, well get it off your chest. 805 8 5 1 0 5 1 If. you need to vent. Phone lines are wide open again. (800) 585-1051. Call us up right now. Is The Breakfast. Club. Good morning, The. Breakfast Club. I'm I'm, Hey, what you doing man? This is your time to get it off your chest. Whether you're mad Or blessed.


8 5 8 5 1 0 5 1. We want to hear from you on The. Breakfast. Club. Good morning. Good morning. Good Morning. Good morning. What's your name, brother? My name Cliff Man down here in Florida. Man. Getting ready for the hurricane. What's up brother? Hurricane coming. Yeah, it's going hit the big bid probably Thursday. So, but we down, I'm down here in south Florida and southwest Florida so we're used to this thing so we ain't even really panicking right Now. Okay. Okay. What's happening? Just I wanted to talk about that. The Mar Marcellus Willis case Man and in my opinion, go Ahead brother You know when they, when they say You know he stabbed You know 40 when she, when he stabbed a 40. So it's like You know. Anybody can tell that's a crime of past and, and and If, you look at it. That's why I always tell people to You know you gotta vote for the matter of what judges you have.


You know when you have those judges in the Supreme Court when they You know I say back to court because something like that from You know being our favor man, he had You know he had all the evidence for him and they still ended up doing You, know what I'm saying? Doing what they did. So that's why I said you gotta at least You know you gotta vote You, know what I mean? And then judges make a big difference because anybody looking at that case would've been like You know if it wasn't a crime of passion relationship with it. So I think You know, in my opinion. I think it was somebody that was probably close to it. So. Yeah. I get it. My brother. Well thank you brother. I appreciate it man. Thanks. Thanks for letting me talk man. Y'all have a good morning. All right now but it is just, it is just interesting 'cause they say the fingerprints, the bloody shoe print, hair and other evidence at the crime didn't match.


William You know and, and they said the DNA on the knife belonged to members of the prosecutor's office. So I guess that's what they say it was mishandled. I'm just wondering how the family feels Following the Execution. Oh, horrible. I'm sure. Hello, who's this? You got Matt man from Springfield. What's Up bro? What's up Mac from Springfield. What up? What up man? I just want say, just wanna shout out to myself the same positive and, and a good head space because You know sometimes it can be hard out here if a black brother, I love that. And also I wanted a book from you Charlamagne. I got you brother. I'm gonna put you on hold, Eddie gonna get your information and we're gonna send you a copy of my new book. Get on it to Die Line watch Small talk sucks.


I like your mentality though. Wait, wake up in the morning And. I'm gonna pat my own self on the back. That's right. Okay, get it Off your chest. 805 8 5 1 0 5 1. If. you need to vent. Hit us up now. It's The. Breakfast. Club. Good morning The. Breakfast Club. It's a new day. This is your time to get it off your chest wake. Wake up whether you're mad or blessed, it's Time to get up and Get something. Call up now. Five eight five one oh five one. We wanna hear from you on The. Breakfast Club. Hello. Who's this? Good morning, blind Beauty. Hey Blind Beauty. Good morning. Good morning. S There I am here. Blind Beauty, how are you? Good Morning. Good. Lauren there as well.


Yep. Yes. Good morning. Good morning. So, alright boom. I was just watching the Casey crew, right? And this topic was very interesting. So MD was talking about he walked into a hotel and found some panties, right? Yes. He got upset. Showed it to Gia. I'm thinking about this And. I feel like because there's a negative connotation or a stereotype that men cheat. I feel like that's why all the women you ask would not believe you. However, people feel like women don't cheat that often. So I feel like a man would be more likely to believe this woman. Like, oh, they didn't clean up properly For, for people that don't don't know.


I was in Vegas a week ago and when I walked into my hotel room, I was talking to my wife on FaceTime, And I looked in the corner. And I noticed that there was a a pink thong in the corner. Boy You lucky you was on that phone when you walked through The door. That's what I said. I said if my wife was coming, flying in a couple of hours later or the next day and she walked in and seen that there's no way in hell my wife, I could be like, well how did that pan get there? I can't say I don't know it. No, that was a thing. Well If Envy told me the story and he showed me the picture. I immediately thought the panties were envys. He definitely Told me that. That's what he said. He said they yours. I believe that. No he definitely, I'm like, that's envy panties. But I was talking to my wife about that. I was like, yo, it's messed up because that could mess up people's relationships. And I told my wife You know if, if she had flown in a couple hours later and seen it, what would she think?


And she would be like, oh I would definitely think that was another girl. And you was cheating And I said, well why? She was like, not that I don't trust you, not that I don't love you, but she was like, how do you explain that? How do you explain that? Nasty ass freaking maids Didn't do their job. Didn't do their job. But You know I went downstairs. It a Negative connotation though. If you, If you. Like you said to Gia, if I walked in And I saw brief and she said, well I would just say they didn't clean properly. Didn't ask me. I feel like you would believe her. I would. But You know what I would do. I would actually go downstairs to the hotel, say somebody stole something in my room. And I would have them pull a camera just so I could see who's going in out that room. Say you believer but last not all the way. I mean 'cause it is you. How can a maid not clean some underwear on floor?


But why do so? But why do men 'cause they're Dirty. Exactly. But why do men do that? If. you don't believe her. Just say you don't believe her. Why would you say you believe her Then go do all that on the back end. Like what? What's wrong with you saying I don't believe you 'cause I had a history. She hasn't. Oh Yeah, you right, you. You better not say that. See? Yeah. See what I'm saying? Yep. Well thank you Blonde Beauty. Yeah. Yep. Have a good one. Get it off your chest. But I tell Charlamagne 'cause I was pissed off Charlamagne like how You know that didn't fall out your bag. How You know that's not your panties. I'm like, Jesus. I Knew over his. You did. 'cause You know his body. You know his size. I mean I just know him. You can eye it. I just know him. I know that he wasn't cheating. That's number one. And so the O, the only logical thing after that is the fact that he wears panties himself. I do not wear panties. You Didn't know if he wear Panties. I do not wear, do not listen to him. You didn't know that.


Lauren, Shut up. Get it off your chest. It don't even go with him. 805 8 5 1 0 5 on. We have you Better say that your listen, your wife putting pressure on you like that. They mine. Mine. Hey mine. If. you not gonna believe the truth. No. Which is I walked in and they were just in here. Nope, they minding they mind. So they damn sure ain't no other woman. Nope. We got just with the best for Lauren LaRosa. Yeah, we, Lawrence Lawrence Both yesterday and today. Both of y'all have like thrown me off like yesterday. It was, or the day before. It was the hair thing with him. Today is you with panties? I don't know what tomorrow gonna bring Go. Right? We are talk about that's so crazy. Envy. Were they laced? I don't know the Victoria's Secret. I pick it up with a PenFed and look that It's nasty Diddy.


There's a new lawsuit with Diddy. I think it's like at this point, every other day there's another one. Alright, well we'll talk about that when we come back. It's The, Breakfast. Club. Good morning The. Breakfast Club. Morning everybody. It's D EJ nv. Just hilarious. Charlamagne the guy. We are The Breakfast. Club. Let's get to just with the Mess with Laura Osa music is real. Jessica Robin Moore just don't do no lying. She don't spare nobody worldwide. Jess worldwide mess on The. Breakfast Club. She's the coaches. Lauren LaRosa. And I got the mess. Talk to me.


So there's a new Diddy lawsuit. A woman is claiming that Diddy and a friend Visc Viscously raped her at a bad boy record studio in New York and that all of the abuse was recorded on camera. Now this woman, her name is Thalia Graves, she's suing Diddy and she's claiming that she's had suicidal thoughts since all of this. And the second person that she's saying was involved in this was Diddy's head of security, allegedly a guy named Joseph Sherman. And she said that this happened back in 2001. Now, in her lawsuit, she claims she was 25 years old. She was dating one of Diddy's employees When he lured her into a meeting with him and Sherman the security guard alone, then she claims that she was sequestered and given a drink and the drink was late likely laced with a drug that eventually caused her to briefly lose consciousness.


Now she's also claiming that she woke up to find herself bound and restrained with Diddy and the security guard Sherman proceeding to beautifully sexually abuse her and violate her mercifully raping her anally and vaginally. Now she's also saying that following this, she thought about killing herself. She had to get extensive psychological treatment. And she's also saying that she never reported the incident out of fear of Diddy and fear that You know this could ruin her life because they threatened to do so. She ever spoke out, she had a press conference yesterday. She's been represented by Gloria Re and she talked a bit about what she's been experiencing since she claims this situation went down.


The internal pain after being sexually assaulted has been incredibly deep and hard to put into words. It goes beyond just physical harm caused by and during the assault. It's a pain that reaches into your very core of who you are and leaving emotional scars that may never fully heal. Some of the hardest parts of this pain are the shame and the guilt I have experienced that plays a negative part in my day-to-Day, ability to function properly. Being blamed, questioned and threatened has often made me feel worthless, isolated and sometimes responsible for what happened to me.


Now another part of this press conference, and we won't play all of the audio, audio or we can If you guys want to, but it's pretty lengthy. Another part of the press conference is where You know they allowed the actual media outlets that are there to ask questions. And two of the questions that I thought were interesting was one of the outlets asked about the, the timeframe of, of this accuser finding out that the video existed and there, and she's claiming that not only does this video exist, but that it's actually been resold as pornography and, and other different things. So there was a 20 year time span between when this happened and when she found out about the video. But the interesting thing that this outlet brought up was the fact that that 20 year time span of when she found out was around the time that a lot of Cassie's claims were happening.


So they were trying to tie it into Cassie's case. In the lawsuit that Cassie filed, what they were getting at was, is this woman a part of the criminal indictment that we are watching? Did he go through as well? And her attorney would not answer the question. And then she said, we had no comment. And then they asked the second question that kind of lended into that. They asked if this new accuser had ever testified. In front of the


From producer LeBron James and director Sidney Freeland comes Res ball, A new Netflix film. Res Ball is an underdog basketball story deeply rooted in Native American culture. In the heart of Chesca new Mexico, the Chesca Warriors, a high school basketball team based their greatest challenge after the loss of their star player, the team must unite like never before to keep their dreams of a state championship alive. Res Ball is rated PG 13 and premiering September 27th only on Netflix.


Seeing our communities grow and thrive is something we care deeply about. Here at Black Tech Green Money State Farm Insurance also cares about the growth of black communities. They're actively investing in programs and initiatives that help provide financial literacy, give early career advice, and grow black-owned businesses. Thus leading to generational wealth, which helps protect the future of our communities. We wanna build a future that we all can be proud of. State Farm understands that representation alone doesn't equate to authenticity. It also requires active sponsorship of programs like the Axo, a year long program that recognizes and rewards high school students for their academic and cultural achievements along with funding programs like Project Ready, a National Urban League program committed to educational achievement of black and brown youth that has awarded over $11 million in scholarship offers to date State Farm believes that being better neighbors creates better communities and can have a long lasting impact. Like a good neighbor. State Farm is there.


Everyone loves getting good advice and staying in the know. There's nothing like getting a heads up on something before you've even had time to think about whether you need or want it. Well, thankfully, at and t provides personalized recommendations and solutions so you get what's right for you. Whether right for you means a plan that's better suited for you and your family, or a product that makes sense for you and your lifestyle. It feels good knowing that at and t has your back. They take out all the guesswork and the stress letting you get back to simply doing you. Whether you're a dedicated entrepreneur, a multihyphenate creative, a busy parent, or all of the above, you deserve a service provider that gets you and your needs. So relax and let at and t provide proactive recommendations to help empower your best connected life.


Hey gorgeous. It's Paris Hilton. Get the party started with my new album, infinite Icon out now and stream the new single Bad Academy Welcome To the Bad Academy. I wanted this album to be an escape. Take people to a happy place where they can heal and party in equal measure. And most of all, be your own unapologetic icon. Listen on iHeartRadio and visit infinite icon.com to order the album sponsored by 1111 Media.


A lot of pros to drink in health aid kombucha, no cons that I can think of. Pro amazing taste pro pairs. Well with anything pro probiotic, that's a literal pro and it's deliciously refreshing. It's the perfect pairing to your meal or great on its own. Whether you're having Pink Lady apple Berry Lemonade or one of the other great flavors. It's the perfect swap for soda or alcohol. Make it part of your daily routine. Look for the brown bottle with an anchor on it and try health aid Kombucha today.


Grand jury that indicted Diddy and her attorney said, we have no comment. And she said she would never comment on something that can be used as criminal evidence. I thought that was interesting because it's either saying directly she may be a part of this criminal indictment that we're watching but it wasn't confirmed. Or it's saying that they're not opposed to her being a part of it and they may have evidence that should be used. And now this is a signal to prosecutors like, Hey, come and talk to us because we have some things that may help you. So She's saying it's a video with Diddy on it. Yeah, she's saying there's a video of Diddy in the security guard brutally and viciously You know allegedly raping her and that this, and she's performing a very sexual accident, that this video is being sent out to people.


And they had even found evidence that it had actually been sold as pornography. And, and this is the first time we've ever heard any of the women say They must have evidence if if they said it was sold, that means they must have evidence that I Was told they they have to. 'cause it's the first time we hear any of the women claiming that, well, She's better off pursuing something criminal. 'cause I'm, I'm actually shocked that the lawyers are doing it in a civil way because they know ain't no money there. Like Diddy not spending no money on civil suits when he got a criminal case. But She's saying maybe they did it already. Maybe they, they maybe not. We dunno if they had to get him arrested. Yeah, we don't know if they haven't. I thought it was interesting though, because the way Wouldn't We know that already though? Wouldn't that be in the indictment? We they're selling Everything in That indictment. We don't the people in the indictment yet. Oh, we still You know what I mean? We still don't Know because I thought the videotapes, they talked about having with videotapes, they seized from, We don't know.


Every time that They have said they had tapes, they said they had security footage and they said they had phones. We have no idea. Remember They only giving us a little bit of information and then when he tried to get the, the bail, the appeal, the bail bonds, they came out with more information. That's what I was saying. That's why I thought that those questions were interesting. And I thought the way that the little attorney answered it were was interesting as well too. So this is something that we'll have to follow if it does go criminal, I mean she'll just be an additional witness and whatever this indictment is. Yeah. 'cause After Kathy, no more civil suits gonna be settled. So So you better off trying to get a criminal case open. Well, she wins that, that civil well is Dropped, but if she wins the civil case, then There's no more money though is what I'm saying. Money, he basically all money gonna the criminal case. There's no more money. Well, Did he, if if she wins, did he gonna have to sell some homes? Did he have to sell some Oh, That's gonna go to the criminal case.


Well, well, well listen, it's, we gotta leave it up to a judge and a jury. When when will they, they they unseal everything in indictment. When when will they have to say, because they, there has to be a point where they have to tell the defense, Like show More stuff. Everything that they have discover. I'm not for sure if there's like an actual deadline for that, but that's the conversation they were having. The last, the second arraignment that Diddy lost, they were basically trying to figure out when is he going to go into trial. And remember they said, well, give us some time because we have more people that have come forward to us and we wanna be able to go through all this evidence to submit stuff to discovery. So we're gonna find out, I I don't know. And, I can't answer that. Gotcha. But moving on to something else, DL Hughley, we had reported about him coming out and slamming Janet Jackson for not knowing how to answer the question on whether Kamala Harris is black or not.


When she was asked by the Guardian, she actually said, oh, I thought Kamala Harris had a white dad. That's what I heard. So he sat down with TMZ, shout out to Towanda. My homegirl interviewed him and he actually doubled down on feeling like Janet Jackson did that on purpose. Let's take a listen. For me particularly, I just had to make an apology to the vice president at the DNC because I too was trucking and misinformation. It's easily provable to decide to determine whether her father is black or not. Right? You could, you could, you could Google it right now and find out there's a reason you don't want to know. And there's a reason that information or finding something like that, you've never seen that in a, in a, in mainstream or even middle of the road news.


You have to search the furthest reasons to the right wing internet to find that. It's the same place where they tell you Haitians e dogs, it's the same place they tell you, Martin, that the Obama wasn't born here. It's the same place where all the scandals live and all these right-wing conspiracy theories live. First one that seemed ironic that a woman who has had family members know no for, for a lot of people they're questioning whether Kamala is black. But there are a lot of people who questioning whether Jackson want to be DL is completely wrong when he says you only find those things. What'd he say in the deep dark crevices On the other side? The side that pushed that. 'cause I, I'm not on that side of Twitter and it's, it was all, it's all over my Timeline and that's on mainstream news. Like all of these, all of those conversations he named the, the, the Haitians eating the dogs.


The, what was the other thing you said? Obama's not being born here. Yeah. All of those things sadly have been centers of debate on cable news networks because these cable news networks from Fox to M-S-N-B-C to CNN, they make these things the center of debates, which I always think is insane to me. I don't know why they make those things the center of debates, but they do. So you don't have to, that's not in the deep dark crevices of the Internet. I know, but the first time we covered this, we, we we chalked it to like he's a comedian. It could have been a joke, it could have been whatever. Yeah. This time the way he doubled down, he even mentions like remove comedy from the situation. He does believe that this was something that she did on purpose. Janet Jackson. I don't, I was so disappointed by that statement. And and the reason why is because I feel like with DL Hughley, And I know, he watches the show.


People look at you as a talking head and a figure, which is why TMT is sitting down and having a conversation. So If you feel like it's a, it's an issue to see a black woman push something that you think maliciously is happening. Why would you be now a person that is pushing a narrative against Janet Jackson, a black woman against a potential black woman president? Like if, if If you read that interview, she only brought it up. 'cause she was asked the question, you made a mistake, you were giving grace. Why can't she be giving grace? Like I I was so disappointed to hear him double down on this. I didn't understand the point of why why do that? Yeah. I don't think, I don't think Janet did that on purpose. I think she's just misinformed like so many people are. I Just think she was misinformed And And I think when you're misinformed you have to correct people and that, and honestly that's what I think people are missing in this whole conversation about Janet Jackson.


The fact that misinformation can run so rampant that even somebody like Janet Jackson can be got by misinformation. And so how do you think, how do you think so many other Americans feel? And if her team hasn't tightened up on anything, they, they gonna tighten up on politics this time around. It's a learning lesson. And if, if y'all gave her her, her spankings, don't let her move on. And If you ever been around Janet or ever seen Janet or ever seen or watch any documentary around Janet? She's in her own bubble. She's in her own world. She doesn't necessarily connect to the internet and connect to social media. I get it. It's just Not her thing. There's a responsibility though, when you are a person on a platform, which is why people ask the question, but you got a spanking let move on. You got it. But this is Not about, this is not about Janet. This is about combating misinformation.


So many people in our society from from political pundits to people on the news to just regular everyday people are being bombarded with misinformation all the time. Yes. How do we combat that? Like, I don't know why we're making this just about, but From reputable sources as well from reputable sources. What people that think are reputable sauces Got but You know why people are making this about Janet because it stirs the pot in the conversation. Like y'all, we having such a great conversation right now And that's, and that's why. So we gonna move on because we not gonna be You know some of the people harping on Janet. Alright, we Should talk about combating misinformation. That's what we should be talking About. Alright, well when we come back, we got front page news. Morgan Wood will be giving us some right information and then we're gonna be kicking it with pro wrestler Mercedes Monet. All right, don't move us to Breakfast Club.


Good morning, You are checking out. The. Breakfast Club. Morning everybody. It's DJ Envy. Jess, Larry Charlamagne, the guy. We are The Breakfast Club. Lauren Rosa filling in for Justin. Let's get back in some front page news. Good morning, Morgan. Good Morning Morgan. Good morning Morgan. Good morning y'all. Let's get into it. Yeah, I'm throwing off too a little bit, but let's get into it. So authorities in Tempe, Arizona are investigating. They're saying that Vice President Kamala Harris's campaign office was shot at and damaged overnight. It was one of 18 field offices in Arizona. Police say no one was inside the campaign office when it happened, but authorities are concerned about safety, of course surrounding the election. And You know the assassination attempts with Donald Trump political violence mounting.


Yes. So authorities are concerned now. This comes a week after the windows were shot out with a appellate or BB gum and just days ahead of her rally in the swing state. Now former President Trump, he's talking about his plans for the economy in Savannah, Georgia. He made those comments on Tuesday. Trump told his supporters he wants to take other country's jobs. Let's hear more from president or former President Trump in Savannah, Georgia. We'll Create millions and millions of job massively raise wages for American workers and make the United States into a manufacturing powerhouse like it used to be many years ago. 100% tariff on every single car coming across the Mexican border.


We want American citizens and we want their plants built here, not two feet over the border and selling 'em into our country. We're not doing that. We don't do that anymore. We don't do that anymore. Trump also said he'll unlock the en energy potential in the US by allowing more drilling and fracking. Meanwhile, reports say Vice President Kamala Harris will talk about her economic plans during a a visit in Pittsburgh today, this afternoon. So switching gears, but also staying on the topic of political violence. Ryan Ruth, who is the second assassination tempee, he has of officially been charged with attempted assassination of a major presidential candidate, CNM reports.


Prosecutors filed the charges Tuesday afternoon. Ruth allegedly camped outside of Trump's West Palm Beach golf course for hours armed with a rifle. Earlier this month on Monday, the Justice Department revealed a letter written by Ruth addressed to The World, which said this was an assassination attempt on Donald Trump, but I failed you. Ruth also faces multiple gun related charges regarding that incident. Also surrounding those type of incidents, Congress is passing a bill to boost secret service protection for presidential candidates. Remember we were talking about that, whether or not Trump should have the same level of security secret service security as sitting president. Well, Congress is passing a bill to make sure that that happens.


The legislation passed unanimously on Tuesday and now heads to President Biden's desk. Will he sign it? The bill will give Donald Trump and Vice President Harris the same level of protection provided to Biden. Of course, this comes the same month as there was multiple, or that comes as there were multiple attempts on Trump's life. Yeah, I mean, in this particular climate, I feel like You know they, they should have that level of protection and not just now You know moving forward because for whatever reason it feels like we're becoming so used to these attempts of political violence. Like not just the two attempts on You know President Trump. Think about how you just breeze past the fact that Kamala Harris' campaign office in Arizona just got shot up like that.


That shouldn't just be a normal headline for us for America. So yeah, they all need that level of protection. Speaking of level of protection, who could, who gonna protect the Haitians? Okay, a nonprofit is filing criminal charges against former President Donald Trump. And Senator JD Vance, his VP running mate, first Amendment attorney Sabo Chandra said the charges may be warranted. Let's hear from the lawyer. If a judge honestly and dispassionately reviews the facts and reads the law on disrupting public services, making false alarms, telecommunications harassment, then the court will issue arrest warrants.


The charges are supported by probable cause that If you substituted your name or mine or anybody else's for Trump or Vance charges would be brought. So the charges stem from claims that both former President Trump and Senator Vance have made that Haitian immigrants in Springfield, Ohio are eating the dogs. They're eating the dogs, eating the cats, eating the pets. So the charges, which include making false alarms and committing telecommunications harassment, were able to be filed due to an Ohio statute, which allows private citizens to file criminal charges. City and county prosecutors are now reviewing the charges to determine if there is actual probable cause and they can bring those charges to the former president and his VP running.


Mate. What do you guys think? Is it that serious? Why not? I think it, yes, I'm about to Say it should always be Why not? Because think about how they put Haitian people's lives in danger. You know what I'm saying? Yes. Like esp not not just in that small town, but anywhere like You know if people think that if they see Haitian migrants and not just Haitian migrants, just Haitians in general, right? Like yes, I'm sure You know. I don't wanna say violence has increased against Haitians, but at least maybe threats of violence have increased against Haitians. And, and we, and we do this with other communities like You know when, when, when it comes to antisemitism. So it, the same things apply. Yep. Here. Absolutely. In fact, in Springfield, Ohio, there have been multiple bomb threats that have closed hospitals, closed schools down, things of that nature.


And it is impacting the people so much so that the elected officials in that town and in the state are basically telling Trump to stay away. Because e even though they're in, they're long party lines, they are, they are Republicans themselves. They're telling Trump to stay away because You know your comments are, are causing some trouble in our state and our city. So, but that's your front page news. I'm Morgan Wood, you can follow me on social at Morgan Media. For more news coverage, make sure you're following the Black Information Network. Download the free iHeartRadio at and visit bi news.com. Thank y'all. Let's get through the week. All right, thank you, Morgan. Now when we come back, pro wrestler Mercedes Monet will be joining us. She's formerly known as Sasha Banks.


She recently signed the biggest record breaking deal to a EW. We gonna kick it with her next. All right. It's The. Breakfast. Club. Good morning, The. Breakfast Club. Morning Everybody. It's DJ Envy. Jess h Charlamagne, the guy we are The Breakfast. Club. Jess Solaris is on maternity leave. So we have Lauren la filling in and we got a special guest in the building. Ladies and gentlemen, the CEO Mercedes Monet. Hey, welcome. What's Up champ? Thanks Guys. Since we having me, How you feeling? I'm Feeling Good. I'm happy to be here. I want I wanna start from the beginning. For people that don't know who you are, you are a, a, a huge wrestler. Yes. And how did you get into the wrestling game? What made you say, I wanna do that? It's when I was 10 years old, I started watching wrestling on tv and there was like nothing on tv.


I was scrolling through the channels and then WV was on. I was like, whoa, what is this? This is interesting. My mom came in the room, she's like, turn this off. Wrestling's the devil wrestling so bad. I went to my brother's room the next door. She said, wrestle Iss the devil. It Is the devil. Devil so bad. The devil, right? Religious. She's very religious. Okay. Then I went to my brother's room, finished watching wrestling, and just instantly a light just came into my soul as like, this is gonna be your soul calling. This is gonna be your soul purpose. And since I was 10 years old till now, here I am at 32. Every single day was just dreaming about wrestling and being a professional wrestler. And now here I am, the greatest women's wrestler of all time. Did Your brother used to practice his moves on you? DDT? No. No, no, no. My brother has special needs. So he couldn't have done that?


No. Oh, Okay. Okay, okay. Okay. So, so you originally were born in California. Yes. And then you moved to to Boston. Yeah. Now why did y'all move to Boston? Was it for your brother? It Was for my brother. My brother has special needs and we moved around a lot just to find the right doctors and the right schools for him. And finally my mom got a job out in Boston. So there's The Boston accent. Yeah, We moved out there. I started training in MMA when I was 16 years old because there's no professional wrestling school that would train me at the time. You had to be 18. Well, you used To fight for real then. I was, I was trying to train for real to get me ready for wrestling. Trained out in Massachusetts for two years, and then I turned 18 during a pro wrestling school. And then two years later I got signed by wb. How did Your mom feel when you Started the training?


My mom was like, oh God, why? No? But once I got signed, she became my biggest fan. She drove me to all my wrestling shows and to wrestling training. So You know, deep down she supported me. She, she loved it. She loved that. I had this dream of legit since I was 10 like this. I told my mom, this is what I was gonna do. This is my goal, this is my dream. And I, gotta go do it. But once I really made it, that's when she's like my biggest fan. Pardon My ignorance, I didn't know there was pro wrestling schools. It's like what Rick Fla University or Something. There's no professional wrestling school, university all over The World everywhere. For actual, like for this type of wrestling To, to be the best, you gotta train with the best. I've traveled all over The World to to be the best. Is it like You Get belts there, you get degrees?


Like what do you do? No, you don't. You learn, you get belts in the, the big leagues. I'm with, I'm with a w I'm a two time champion. No, you just begin training. You learn how to bump, how to hit the ropes, how to be a performer, how to cut promos. There's, like I said, there's wrestling schools all over. The. World, they're in New York. Wow. They're in Boston, they're in England, they're in Australia. Wrestling is is global. Do these organizations go to these schools to find talent? They do. They scout 'em out. Wow. I did not know. They either scout 'em out or us as wrestlers, we have to book ourselves. We have to go out and make a name for ourselves and be seen. I remember riding to WWE every single week. Anytime they were in town for Boston. I'm like, can I be, can I please be an extra? Can I be an extra work?


Can I get a looked at? Then they looked at me and then they sent me down to Florida for a week tryout. And then that's when I got signed full time. Wow. Congrats. What was your break, what was your big break that actually got you into wrestling? I feel like my biggest break was in 2015, myself and this wrestler named Bailey. We had the greatest women's match of all time Sports Illustrated. So we had the greatest women's match of all time. And that's really changed the landscape of women's wrestling. After that match, I felt like a lot of people started taking it seriously and really letting people know that women can do it just like the men and more. And because me and Bailey had that match and the, the standing ovation and the crowd reaction, the next pay-per-view, me and her got to main event that pay-per-view special because we did so Good.


Wow. And how many injuries did you receive You know throughout this whole process? And and how bad has it been? Not too many. Not Too many. I've had about five broken noses. Jesus, my ribs broken. Jesus dislocated pelvis. You said not too many. Not not Too many. And last year I broke my heel, which took me out for a whole year. Mm. Yeah. How, How long did it take before you feel like you made it in wrestling? Mm, I don't know. Maybe. Maybe. So you don't feel like it? No, I feel, I feel like I'm, I made it. Okay. Like I said, 2015 was like that start of that buzz for women's wrestling. And then really 20 20, 20 21, where I main invented WrestleMania being the first ever black woman to main event a WrestleMania. That's when I really felt like I did something.


I made it. I wanna espy off that match. That's another match where fans come to me and be like, because of that match, my little girl wants to be a wrestler or I can bring my my kids to wrestling, or I enjoy all of this because of your matches. You make me feel a certain type of way. So I feel like maybe really in 20 20, 20 21 is when I really felt like I made it. Or like I cemented my legacy. And wrestling, You take wrestling with your spouse to a whole nother level. Like You know how you wrestle with your girl or you have fun. You take that to a whole nother level. No, you can't play with her. No, you can't play With you. No, don't play with me, don't play with me. I'll slam you down. I'll put you in a bank statement. I'll make you tap out If, you mess with me. Could you Imagine you playing with your girl and all of a sudden she got you in the end Illegit arm in the headline. Like, all right, Tap out. You have to do that in real life for real to one of your guys.


Not to any of my guys, a couple of fans when they wanna come a little too close. Yeah. You don't got Security. I do have Security. I was about to say, I just got security, so yes. Yeah. Yeah. I mean, and you don't need security. You know the, to protect you from people more so in some cases to protect people from you. Yeah, Exactly. That exactly that. Do guys like approach you like wanting you to do brussel moves all the time? Weird Mercedes body slamming, body slam Fuck. Because they just wanna be really close and, and snog by us. You gotta give him a new space. You gotta be like, push back, hold the championship and we'll stand a little, a little far apart for our picture. Let's say, What do you think would've been your plan B? If. you didn't make it as a Wrestler. That's hard. I I never really had a, a plan B Before I was a wrestler, I was a order taker at a restaurant.


I was a shoe, a shoes associate. So I feel like maybe just a manager at a hotel. Like I, I just only saw wrestling. For me, that was my A, B, C, D, e, FG. My only goal, my only desire. So I think I would only be a professional wrestler in some type of way, You know or in the wrestling industry. Did You ever feel like giving up? Did you always have like the fullest support of your family? Was there anybody saying, Hey, why don't you go learn a trade Or something? There's, there's only been maybe twice in my career where I'm like, I don't think I can do this anymore. Just the, the pressure, the the, the politics, let alone just the politics and being a woman in this sport, it's, it's a male dominated sport and a woman of color nonetheless. There was a couple times where I had to look deep down inside and be like, do I really wanna do this?


Do I really wanna go through this pain every single day? It's not just meant from


Producing LeBron James and director Sidney Freeland comes res ball. A new Netflix film. Res Ball is an underdog basketball story deeply rooted in Native American culture. In the heart of Chesca new Mexico, the Chesca Warriors, a high school basketball team faced their greatest challenge after the loss of their star player. The team must unite like never before to keep their dreams of a state championship alive. Res Ball is rated PG 13 and premiering September 27th only on Netflix.


State Farm insurance gets it. Representation alone doesn't equate to authenticity. State Farm understands and wants to help protect our communities by investing in our future building off the hard work our parents have done before us. We all are looking to create generational wealth so that our families and generations behind us have a better starting point than we did. That begins with financial literacy. State Farm helps fund programs like Project Ready, a National Urban League program committed to the educational achievement of black and brown youth. To date participants have been awarded over $11 million in scholarships offers as a direct result of contributions from State. Farm at Eating Wall broke. We hear inspiring rags to richest stories on each episode from our guest. But with State Farm, you can begin to write your own success story. State Farm believes that being better neighbors creates better communities and have a long lasting impact. Like a good neighbor. State Farm is there.


Hi, loves it's me, Paris Hilton. I'm already excited for you to listen to my new album, infinite Icon And. I'm even more excited for you to listen to it on Vinyl Welcome To the Academy. Every vinyl collection needs a crown jewel and no jewel sparkles. Brighter than an autographed baby pink edition of Infinite Icon. Order the LP signed by yours truly@shop.paris hilton.com. That's hot, sponsored by 1111 Media.


There's two kinds of people in The World, people who love health aid kombucha, and people who have never tried it. The bubbly mix of probiotic tea and refreshing juice is delicious and good for your gut health with great flavors to choose from that you can't help but love If. you have never tried it before. Maybe try a bottle or can of passion fruit tangerine or a ginger lemon. Your taste buds and your gut will Thank you. Look for the brown bottle with an anchor on it. And try health aid Kombucha today. Help a kombucha.


When you think about energy drinks, you probably think about physical performance. But what If you could have a mental edge too, don't Quit, is one of the only energy drinks on the market that contains a powerful ingredient called Cognizant that has been clinically studied to improve your focus, attention and overall brain health. That's why Don't Quit is one of the fastest growing energy drinks in the country. Don't let the wrong ingredients knock you down. Fuel your perseverance with don't quit energy drinks. Get yours. Now at Amazon.


The pain, it's physical pain that we're putting our bodies through every single week with the travel and then the, the bumping, getting on the cars, driving to the next towns. But then I just look back into my soul and be like, what is your sole purpose? What makes you smile? What makes your heart You know flutter? What what makes you go chase your goals? And it's always been professional wrestling. Wow. What, you said you worked at a shoe store. I did. What store did you work with? Baker's Fake. Oh, baker Shoe Store. See that store? Yeah. So I see the, like your photos and your photo shoots, the stuff that you do for Monet Mag Yeah. Is like very like fashion artsy It do. So incorporating your fashion sense and then like what you like about art and all that stuff into your brand. When did that become a thing? When did You know you needed to do that Right away? I mean, watching wrestling is larger than life.


You had to watch like the macho man. He had the, the bright colors, the glasses, the hair. I knew when I was gonna be a professional wrestler. I wanted to be larger than life. 'cause I was such a shy girl growing up. Then when I got signed, I, I dyed my hair, I got the nails, I got the necklace, I got the glasses. And then really I started to tap into myself and being like, okay, it's okay to be beautiful and feel that way and, and tap into your femininity, And, I love, fashion and art and getting to design your own wrestling gears. And, but wear that out every single week. Week. Honestly, it's the funnest part of wrestling. I love being a girl. And, I love coming up with my costumes. And I. Feel like I have the best costumes in the game. I we have more with pro wrestling Mercedes Mo when we come back, don't move. It's The. Breakfast.


Club. Good morning Us. Good morning everybody. Its DJ Envy. Jess. Hilarious. Charlamagne the guy. We are The Breakfast. Club. Lauren La Rosa is filling in for Jess now. We're still kicking it with pro wrestler Mercedes Monet. Now, is it true that Snoop is a relative of Yours? He's my first cousin, yes. Snoop is your First cousin. Yeah. When did you find that out? Did you always know growing up or Didn't find I didn't, I didn't find out until I was maybe like 10 years old. And my dad's like, Snoop's coming to Iowa. Where, which I, where I lived at the time. He's like, so let's go see him. Saw him And. I told everybody at school. I'm like, Snoop Dog's my cousin. And everyone's like, no, he is not. No, he is not. Went to the concert and Snoop gave me like a whole box of shirts to give to everybody at the school. The next day. And I felt like the coolest kid in class. And then when I was 16, he was hosting WrestleMania And I messaged my dad.


I'm like, can you please ask Snoop to bring me to WrestleMania? Please, please, please. He brought me to WrestleMania And. I felt like just from that end, our bond came from wrestling. Like we just talk about wrestling. We love wrestling. Wow. And still to this day, he's one of my biggest fans and supporters. Wow. So first cousin, I mean, one of your parents is His brother? My dad is his uncle, yes. Oh wow. Uncle Rio. Wow. Wow. Y'all smoke with him? Yes, of course. Of course. After a match. I'm hoping not before, After a match. Yes. It's for my inflammation. Inspiration. There you go. It's for medicinal. Yeah. Yeah. Your name used to be Sasha Banks. Yes. And you changed it to Mercedes, which is your real name. Real name. Why did name change? Because Sasha Banks was such a big entity. Big brand. It was because I was with WWE e and they own that ip, Sasha Banks.


And it was time for me to grow and to be more and, and to be more like I legit wanted to find myself. And it's so hard to be a different identity and a different name for 10 years, having someone call you by a different name and pretending for you to be this character that they want you to be. So for me, I wanted more for women's wrestling. I wanted more for myself. And I said, where can I do that? How can I do that? And that was jumping the ship and going to a EW. And Where did the Sasha Banks name come from? It came from wb. They tell everybody when you get signed to come give up like a list of names. And I gave them Sasha with a different last names and banks with a different first name. And they were like, D Sasha Banks, here's your name. Was it never an option for you to be like, I wanna own the IP of Sasha Banks or that's just how it goes?


It's never the option. Option. Not with that company, no, no, no. But with a EW now I own my name And I own my brand. And it's the, it's the best it's ever been for myself in my career. It's the best. Do you ever feel like you was losing yourself in the caricature of Sasha Banks? Absolutely. Because you have to play her 24 7 being a wrestler is, is roleplaying online? It's roleplaying offline. It's once you're off the flight, you gotta be on. 'cause once I put on that wig, I'm on. I'm Sasha Banks and it's just like, I'm not, I'm not, I'm not her. I'm Mercedes. I'm Mercedes. Monet, And I really felt like it was time to, to be that and to own that brand. So what's the difference between, you think Mercedes, Monet and Sasha Banks?


Well, Sasha was a legit boss. And now Mercedes, she leveled up. She is the CEO of her own life. She's the CEO of the woman's division. And she's the best of the game. So she won't let anybody tell her no. And was Sasha Banks, I was told what to do. I was told what to say. I was told where to be. And now really, I get to be the CEO of my own life and let people know where I wanna be You know why? I know that you're a person who's willing to bet on theyself. You don't see people who leave the WWE No. To go to a company like a EW. So it is, I would think it's like the other way around. Like WWE is like the top of the top, right? That's Usually how it used to be used to be. But now it's not. Wrestling has become bigger than ever. And now that there's a second brand like this, like a EW who's here to disrupt this industry, disrupt the business, it's been amazing.


Next week we're going to be celebrating five years of a EW or beating out WCW. And fans online are getting mad about that every single day. But it's the best it's ever been. And it's the most talked about that professional wrestling has ever been talked about in this industry of The World. So it's the best time to be a fan and to be a professional wrestler in the sport. Why did you leave WW though? I left for many different reasons. A lot of personal stuff happened with myself and the chairman at the time. And I didn't like how he talked to me and how I was You know. Just talked down to And. I was like, You know what? It's time to legit listen to your soul and your heart. There was a light that came to me one day, And I. I just left WB and my guides told me, and I'm, I'm guided to being a two time champion at a w So you see somebody like Vince McMahon, he's got what?


A sexual abuse suit found out Miss Mistaken. I'm not, I'm not the lawyer, the, oh, I don't know someone like that. But he used to talk to you crazy. Yeah, A little crazy that day he would talk to me a little crazy. Yeah. Yeah. And that was enough to be like, I'm out. It was enough for my, my source of light to come into my body and be like, You, know what? If you stay. That's not okay. This is for the rest of your life. And what are you gonna teach your kids? What are you gonna teach? Just people If. you are feeling like this from words after being here for 10 years. You gotta stand up for yourself. And that's what I did. There's a light, the same light that came to me when I was 10 years old, being like, this is your sole purpose. This is what you're gonna do. Another light came to me and being like, you, you gotta walk away and do something better for yourself.


So, and it was No protection for, for you guys, for wrestlers, especially for female wrestlers at All. No, no. But we're changing that every day. I'm, I'm, I'm changing that every day for women's wrestling. Yeah. So there's no, there was no human resources there Complaining. I, we went to everybody and no damn There wasn't. Where'd y'all go after ww You went to Japan? I went To Japan. And I won IWGP Women's Championship. Trinity went to a TNA and became the knockout champion. And now here I am as the new Japan strong women's champion. I've done a lot of things just leaving wb. I, I walked the runways. I did a movie, And. I just really just tapped in finding out who Mercedes really is. Because I was Sasha for so long.


Are you gonna get to do whatever that collab was supposed to be with Mag Thee Stallion? Not right now. Not unfortunately. No. What was that supposed to be? Something fun. Either a tag team match wrestling, match some something, but she's wrestling with you. I would like some either wrestle with me or wrestle against me. But there were, there was talks of doing something fun with her, but now she's doing the opening theme song for SmackDown, which is awesome. But Is it because like you can't, because you were with WWE E before, now you're not? Or is it just like, right now I'm brand wise, you just don't wanna be attached because she's attached? No, just brand wise. She did a song with WB And. I'm with a W so I just think we can't do anything together. But are y'all still home homegirl? Do y'all still talk like, she's Not my best friend or anything, but she wants to be my homegirl.


Absolutely. Okay. We only met a couple times when she's really awesome. You just had your CEO hat on when you trying With that? Yeah, I was trying to get her on the board. That's exactly right. Yeah. Didn't sexy re do something with a eew? She, she does something with a, not A-W-N-X-T. NXT. Yeah. Which is part of WB Wow. Wrestling. It's so much going on. It's A lot of different, yeah. Jesus. Who Else, right. Did you wanna, who else would you wanna wrestle in the celebrity world? Because I love when I seen Floyd do it. I love when I seen Shaq do it. Who else was it? Was it, oh yeah, Shaq did. I guitar artist did it too as well. Did, did a great job. Who else would you wanna wrestle if, if, if possible? Ooh, Russell. My, my, I would love my tag team partner to be Nicki Minaj. Mm. Because I love her. And who would I want to wrestle?


Hmm. I might have to wrestle like a Kim Kardashian or even just a Beyonce to see if she can even throw it down. Oh My God. You would wrestle Beyonce. I've to wrestle Beyonce. Uhuh girl, The queen of it all. You can't Wrestle Beyonce. You take care. You take her down the wrong way. I think your car, Yeah, you'd have to take her die. Yeah. Like you'd have to let her beat you up. I, I would do, I would let her do that. Yeah, yeah, yeah. I would let her take the championship. You Know. Now resting is not fake, but it is predetermined, right? It's A little predetermined. So how, How, how do y'all figure out, like, do You know if you're gonna lose or win the next match? Or do you just walk into a room and they'd be like, you're losing today. Like Something like that. Usually when we get to the show, we have a card and our, our agent or a coach will be like, well, today this match is gonna be this and Mercedes is over and this is how we want her to win.


Last year when I was supposed to win this new, this new Japan Strong Women's championship, I got injured. And I had to change the match on the fly and make the other girl win. So when I say it's predetermined, you really don't know what's gonna happen. We can get injured, we can get concussed and maybe not kick out. Maybe my opponent won't remember the move and it would be like, what's next? So yeah, it's predetermined, but it's, it's so real. You never know what's gonna happen in that ring. How Often does do wrestlers go roll where it's like, You know what I'm not losing today All the time. I feel like really if it's not, if they're not mad about losing, they're mad about they're not getting that many moves into the match or they want look the best outta the match, they wanna do extra stuff. I've wrestled people like that who've done a little extra to me that we haven't talked about. I'm, It's like, is there fines for that though?


Like, I'm supposed to win, I get body slammed three times, but you there just effing you up in that ring. Wish, I wish there was more fines, but you just have to give 'em a seat in the ring, snug 'em back. That's crazy. All we got more with Mercedes Monet when we come back. Of course she's a wrestler from the a EW so don't move. It's The. Breakfast, Club. Good morning. Morning everybody. We are The, Breakfast. Club. Lauren, LA Rosa filling in for Jess. We're still kicking it with pro wrestler Mercedes. Monet. Charlemagne Is a EW Scream is gonna be screaming on HBO max. I Don't know. There's rumors of that. Yeah, there's definitely rumors of us joining Discovery and HBO Max, which would be huge. But I'm, I'm not sure if that deal is done yet, but I hope so. For, for Wrestling, how do you feel about that as opposed to it being on TBS and TNT?


Because it You know growing up I grew up in South Carolina, so that's all I used to watch is TBS and TNT. Oh, It's still very much gonna be on TBS and TNT every single week. I'm the TBS champion for a reason. I'm the face of TBS, so I got Oh, it's all, it's all the same company, right? It's all The same. It's, I'm still gonna be on TBS, so it's not going anywhere. I'm gonna be on TNT and TBS for a very long time. What do you feel about raw going from three hours to two hours? I think, I think that sucks for the wrestlers. Just If you lose a whole hour. That's a whole opportunity of, of performing in front of a live audience and in front of millions watching at home. But I think just the move to Netflix is so huge for them that they're gonna gain so much more opportunities in so many different other ways. So does, Does, does having that one less hour really make a difference for a Russell, would you think adding an hour to your, your show would add or take away?


You'd be tired? Nah. Yeah, we did it during Covid I a lot. It was a lot. I think it, I think for performers it's, it's great just like I said, to give more opportunity and especially for women as well. Like we're only given five to eight minutes, so it's like we need that extra hour. We need that time. Tell a story. Yeah. I read that you were the highest paid woman in pro wrestling, correct? I Hope so. Okay. Alright. I think I would like to think so. I don't know other people's bank accounts, but I like that title. Do you feel like your pay is based on your value in the company? Or do you feel like you should be making more money? Like you feel like there should be more money allotted to you and just other women Professors? Oh, I definitely wanna make more money. Absolutely. I guess I'm asking you, do you think you're getting what you deserve right now?


I, I am. I am. And it's so, I don't even wanna say it's crazy. It's just, it's beautifully deserved and earned and it's something that I worked so hard for, for such a long time. Yeah. And it's something that I want women to work for. It's like I finally got something that as women we're like, no, you can't even see those numbers. You can't even talk about those numbers. You can't even walk into the room and even ask for a raise or an ask for a, a bonus or anything. So to get what I feel like I deserve, plus I feel like I deserve so much more and I'm going to get that. It's so amazing. I just give, I think that gives people a chance to dream more. That they can make more too, if they put in the hard work. What do you think, what, what are some ways that a EW can close the gap with WWEI was looking at Forbes and they had these five ways that a EW can close the gap with wwe.


What do you think? Ooh. I, I don't know what it means to close the gap. I feel like it's always gonna be a weird competition, but it's just a's only been around for five years. W has been around for 30 plus. I don't know what kind of gap you can close with. That's such a big gap of who's been around for so long. I think just a EW just has to keep on being its own brand and being a EW and being we're the best Russell, that's our slogan. And that's where legit, the greatest wrestlers are signed there, the best performers are signed there. And you get to see that every week on TBS and TNT. We have the greatest performers from all over. The, World, And, I. Think that's just what makes us different. I don't think there's any gap that we have to close. I think we just have to keep on standing out and being our own brand As a force.


Said, force said embrace being an underdog and an alternative. Yeah. To WWE sign top talents who will make a difference. There you go. Balance the incredible in ring action with quality storylines. Bam. Utilize the talented a EW roster to the fullest and continue spotlighting the woman's division. Da da da. They're doing that. They're doing that every single day. So if anybody's in the New York area, make sure you guys come out tonight for, for a a w grand slam. So Yes, That's right. Happens at 8:00 PM on TBS. Of course. I was a question. I I know you are the highest paid woman in pro wrestling, right? Yeah. If me and Lauren want to give you just a couple of dollars, What am I Gonna do to hit Charlamagne? To knock 'em out? How much would you charge us?


Ooh, You wanna do community write offs? And, I. I don't. Mm. Can I just get a bag each? What do you, what do you want me to do to him? Tap him out. No, tap him out. I want him to fill it for like at least a month after A month after. That's easy. I just say tap Out his, it's hard for him to talk. What do you do to him? What do You guys do to get out there filling in the storyline all the time? You should, you should recommend it to somebody in this room. I'm not gonna say who. He's a hater, but If, you just say He. It's not you. That's hats. Okay. It's not, it Hasn't been him for a very long time. And that's why he's angry. You know how men are about letting their hairline go. I can teach you a couple moves. You don't have to pay me for that. I'll teach You. Thank you. Because You know you felt it. You see what I be going through. I felt that. Yes. Well, we appreciate you for joining us tonight.


8:00 PM on TBS Grand Slam Dynamite. And then Grand Slam Collision comes on Saturday at 8:00 PM on TNT. What's the difference between dynamite and collision? Dynamite is every Wednesday on TBS and collision is every Saturday on TNT often. But you Guys often Don't fight differently. And I often. How often do you wrestle? Do you often you wrestle every week? I pretty much defend my championship every month. I don't wrestle every week. I gotta look cute. It's different here in a EWI gotta sit next to my chairman. My EVPs And I gotta look beautiful. I gotta defend these championships at the pay-per-view. But I'm always looking good on dynamite every Wednesday. 'cause I am the face of TBS. Would you Ever go back to ww if they offered you like the right bag and they said, Hey, we gonna give you back your, we gonna let you have your real name, we'll give you back the rights to Sasha Banks.


Ah, after the way that a EW has been treating me. Yeah. I don't know. I don't think so. I feel like I have the best relationship with a EW right now. And it's legit. I'm living my dreams and it's the best place I've ever been mentally and physically. And to be able to have new dreams after being in the industry for 14 years, it's the best feeling in The World. So a EW is my home right now. Dope. And how, how's dating life for you? How, how, how do, do men approach you? Are you nervous? Are you scared right Now? I'm not dating 'cause I'm so busy. And I. Yeah, I would assume so. They're nervous and scared You like you wouldn't do dating apps, right? No. No way. How do you If you were to date. How do you meet people? Because she Needs advice.


She Has Got CI know. Don't I am not on ChristianMingle. I'm asking you that because I'm not anybody. I don't know. I can't give you any Advice guys. Be into like wrestling and stuff. So they would know like instantly. Like who? And I. Don't Know if I want a wrestling Mercedes. You're not dating because you don't want to, Right? Yes. She's not dating. 'cause she doesn't have a choice. Mercedes, After this, are my nails too long to put out? No nails are perfect. All okay. It's perfect to Scratch him type of mouth. Ladies and gentlemen, can I talk Mercedes? Monet, thank you for joining us so much. Thanks for having me. It's The, Breakfast. Club. Good morning. Come on. Like that. You made me nervous. That's your dumb ass. You not, you don't, you're not used to seeing black men happy. That's your problem. Nah, the a smile as a white Dominican. I'm not a do as a white Dominican.


I'm so Confused as a white Dominican. As As a white Dominican. You're not used to seeing black men happy. No. What kind of que what kind of statement is that? Because it wasn't a smile. It was like a smirk smile. I'm always happy laughing Genius. Always happy. Life is amazing. Okay, find Life is amazing. It is what it should be. Find something to laugh at all right? I look in here, I look at your bid. And I chuckle every single time, right? Lauren? Don't agree with him. Don't you do it, don't you do it? Because You know what's coming next. I'm I, listen, I'm out of this. Alright, Just with the mess with all those I've got. Nothing's nothing do with this. You music Is real. Just Robin Moore. Just don't do no lying. Don't do, she don't spell nobody. Worldwide.


Worldwide mess on The. Breakfast Club. She's the coach. Lauren, Lauren LaRosa, And, I got the mess. Talk, talk to me. So we have a Breakfast club EXCLUSIVE. Shout out to our producer. Taylor made it. Never Heard of her. Why are you always hating? That's why I said that. The next story that I'm exclusively break up here is how he really hates and doesn't see black women. That's my number one op. First of all, I'm Sure black women on your op, No, Taylor is my number one App. We we know, we know you didn't have, you didn't have A hairdresser is your number $1. How about that? How about that? Curl And I you see's to tell you not okay. Oh, And you drop a Bond for him, huh?


Yeah. They playing with you don't, with being violent, putting them type of things on me, You like being things putting violently on you and in so right. So anyway, Taylor made it. She attended an event last night in Brooklyn. Issa Rae held an event called V Ray Presents. V Ray is Issa Rae's sparkling wine company. So Issa does this thing where she sits down with in conversation and You know you drink wine and it's just like cute. She brings out friends. She brought out a comedian in Little Rel La Roach, Erika Alexander last night. But last night she also addressed the Amanda Seals stuff, which I have never heard Issa publicly speak about. So I want us to take a listen.


The first thing that got into was just in general, and she doesn't say her name in this clip, but I'm gonna come back in and tell you why we know she's talking about being the sales just in general, people that Issa would not work with. Again, A person that I would never work with again. I mean, anybody who's podcast, that's her. I've had great experiences with everybody I've worked with though. So for the most part, like I'm, I'm always grateful when, when people come back. So Taylor recorded that. Yeah. And, and what was so dope about that? Go ahead. I thought that you couldn't have phones in that event. They didn't say she couldn't have a phone. People were on, they were reposting people on the ancestry.


So don't do that to Taylor made it. Okay Now Was illegal. Takes just Love. Like what is it that you wanna make it harder on the black woman that work with you? What's going on? You know. Now I see why I used to work at TMD 'cause you just a liar. You like, are you a liar? Am I you just a liar? Who likes the sensationalize If? you If you go to the, what kind of headline is that? If, You go to the video. What would black Women gotta do with this Instagram? Well, Taylor made it as a black woman who had the news knowledge enough to know that this was something that people would want to hear because we've never heard Issa Ra in response to men the sales. And in that clip, like I said, she's Black women. He just don't like light-skinned men. That's a fact. I thought he loved you though. No loves. He loves absolute. He he loves me. But The way he be here rubbing and touching, I After the story over In front of me. Let's, let's back, let's get back, let's focus.


So in that clip, she says, people who have gotten on podcasts and talked about me, right? So the crowd goes crazy because the last person that we've seen get on a podcast and talk about Issa Ray in a, in a, in a way


From producer LeBron James and director Sidney Freeland comes Res ball. A new Netflix film. Res Ball is an underdog basketball story deeply rooted in Native American culture. In the heart of Chesca new Mexico, the Chesca Warriors, a high school basketball team faced their greatest challenge after the loss of their star player. The team must unite like never before to keep their dreams of a state championship alive. Res Ball is rated PG 13 and premiering September 27th only on Netflix.


State Farm Insurance gets it. Representation alone doesn't equate to authenticity. State Farm understands and wants to help protect our communities by investing in our future building off the hard work our parents have done before us. We all are looking to create generational wealth so that our families and generations behind us have a better starting point than we did. That begins with financial literacy. State Farm helps fund programs like Project Ready, a National Urban League program committed to the educational achievement of black and brown youth. To date participants have been awarded over $11 million in scholarships offers as a direct result of contributions from State Farm at Eating Wall Broke. We hear inspiring rags to richest stories on each episode from our guest. But with State Farm, you can begin to write your own success story. State Farm believes that being better neighbors creates better communities and have a long lasting impact. Like a good neighbor. State Farm is there.


Hey, gorgeous. It's Paris Hilton. Get the party started with my new album, infinite Icon out now and stream the new single Bad Academy Welcome To the Academy. I wanted this album to be an escape. Take people to a happy place where they can heal and party in equal measure. And most of all, be your own unapologetic icon. Listen on iHeartRadio and visit infinite icon.com to order the album sponsored by 1111 Media.


A lot of pros to drink in health aid kombucha, no cons that I can think of. Pro amazing Taste Pro pairs. Well with anything Pro probiotic, that's a literal pro and it's deliciously refreshing. It's the perfect pairing to your meal or great on its own. Whether you're having Pink Lady Apple Berry Lemonade, or one of the other great flavors. It's the perfect swap for soda or alcohol. Make it part of your daily routine. Look for the brown bottle with an anchor on it and try health aid kombucha today.


We've all tried protein drinks on the go, but why don't they taste more like the ones we make at home or from the Juice bar. They're too chalky and too sweet from sugar or artificial sweeteners. We love the health benefits but hate the taste. Now you can finally get both with Don't Quit protein drinks loaded with 33 grams of protein, 26 vitamins and minerals, and a cleaner approach to ingredients that use no artificial flavors or sweeteners, but still delivers that smooth texture and delicious taste. We all crave fuel your perseverance with don't quit clean protein drinks. Get yours now at Amazon.


Well, it's Amanda Seals. Now let's take a listen to the clip of Amanda Seals on Shannon Sharp's show, talking about Issa Rae. I got a call from Issa and she called me and said, Hey, I heard what happened this weekend. I just want you to know I have nothing to do with it. Would you be willing to talk to Vanessa? So I've never talked about this publicly because it has always been incredibly important to me to protect Issa because I know that Issa is doing something within this business that so few people get to do. And it's not something I desire to do. However, there's just been enough instances at this point where I should have been protected by Issa And. I wasn't. And one of my biggest problems that we have discussed several times in this interview is that I, I think people are gonna show up for me the way I show up for them.


And now it's at a point where my protecting of Issa has become turned onto me and something that people are using against me. There's a whole narrative that is completely false, that people keep spinning. They keep saying You know that I'm this mean girl on this set that I, that I, that I harmed these people on this set. How can I be a mean girl on a set that ain't my set? Now people did take that whole, whatever happened on that insecure set and they did turn it on Amanda Seals, And I think a big part of that is because people have, a lot of people feel like in that situation, Amanda had to be the problem because you don't hear a lot of people speak ill of Issa. And also there weren't too many other issues that came off of that set and is right.


Amanda s Seals has the right to defend herself and say, that is not true. But then she goes on to say some other things and talk about the Emmy's party, which has always been an issue where Amanda Seals got kicked out of a black Emmy's party and it was low key, felt like she was throwing it and, and saying it was Issa's fault because Issa's publicist was at the hymn of this. So Issa Rae also addressed this. Let's take a listen to Issa Rae addressing this You know what's crazy about that whole Emmy thing is I wasn't even there. I was in New York. And I found out the next morning like everybody else. Did you or did you not? Forest Circle, she used the word force very clear. She used the word force. I I had watched it, I thinked it. I wanted two adults to You know, have a conversation and mend a relationship to adults who didn't like each other and it didn't work out.


And we got back to work. And in that conversation, so they go from the inmates party, but they all are talking about the phone call that Issa called Amanda Seals and said, Hey, I think you should get on the phone with my publicist. Y'all need to work this out. And this was after the Emmy par Emmy's party. Now let's take a listen to Amanda Seals explaining how she felt the phone call went. So I take the call. Hi Amanda, this is Vanessa. I just want you to know that. So none of this has anything to do with Issa. That's the first thing she says, none of this has anything to do with Issa. So I just want you to know that. But I do want you to understand that it was me who kicked you out the party. Okay? So I just want you to know that the reason I kicked you out the party is because I don't like you. Okay, well that's all I need to know. There's nothing else for us to talk about. And, I hang up.


She calls me back immediately. Why'd you hang up? I said, because there's nothing else for us to talk about. She says, don't you wanna know why I don't like you? No I don't. 'cause it's none of my business. I've never done anything to you. And for you to put me in harm's way off of literally nothing means that I don't need to talk to you about why you don't like me. You need to talk to your therapist about why you don't like me. And I hung up the phone. So Amanda feels like in that situation, Issa should have stepped in a bit more and been like, we all gotta work together. We all hear it's my publicist. You're basically my employee on set. I gotta make this right. And from what it sounds like Issa is saying on this stage for the first time publicly, is y'all are two grown women. I wanted y'all to figure that out. I, I did my duty by putting y'all on the phone.


I thought that you guys would figure it out from there and at least we would be able to move forward to be cordial enough to to whatever. And she says she wasn't even at the party. So she had nothing to do with her being thrown out of that party. Lauren, are you finished stirring up issues between black women? Have you had enough this morning of stoking the flames? Oh, We going there of issues between black? Oh, because the way you sitting here and you don't even stir the pot. I think you sitting here, it's like pottery Bars. I'm sitting there watching you cook. And I can't believe Dish you making you, I can't believe this recipe. The pot. I can't believe this recipe that you just made this morning. Oh, Are you finished? If I took the recipe, it was outta your book, baby. Because don't the way you sitting here all day long. Are you finished? Oh, I'm done. I am so done. Look in my eyes, I am done.


I'm giving you that. Don't play with me in this store. So, so wait a minute. So why doesn't a publicist like Amanda Seals? Nobody knows. Here you go, girl. I'm just asking here. Come on. Here you go with your spoon. I was just asking. Here you go with s don't don't even know that asking. Let me stir this pot. Lemme see what you cooking Lauren. Let taste this. Lauren don't even know. Know what I can add. I'm not, I'm just asking a question. I'm not saying I don't even know Goya, There's so I'm not Why Goya? I'm not Dominican. I'm not Dominican. I'm You know I'm not Dominican. Okay. All I'm gonna say is I don't even know if that's relevant to this because the point in this whole thing was I, what I would hope is, is that this point, since people have now heard from Issa and Issa is basically saying her intentions weren't ill. Like she wasn't trying to, she didn't throw someone out of a party.


She wasn't trying to put someone on the phone and basically back them into a corner that we can move forward now, let this whole thing rest and whatever went down, went down. And maybe they don't get along. Maybe they not cordial. It's, it's cool. We gonna move on. That was the point, sir. Talk a lot. You got something to say? It was resting. Oh, okay. Said you decided to be Crip keeper and dig it all and dig it all up. I guess it was perfectly fine. I That was perfect. I thought it was perfectly rested to me. Alright, well well thank you you for Jess with the Mess with Long LaRosa. You better not repost this clip either. I'm not stay Far away from This. I do not want no parts of this. Okay, What will you gimme a donkey to Sir? Four after the hour, we need somebody named Chris Todd to come to the front of the congregation. Chris Todd is the person who published the Kim Porter alleged Kim Porter book.


We'll discuss. All right, we'll get to that. Next. It's The. Breakfast Club. Good morning, You are checking out The Breakfast Club. I was born a donkey. The donkey. That's fun. Charlemagne the devil, possibly. The. Breakfast Club. Yes. Donkey. Today for Wednesday, September 25th goes to Chris Todd. Chris Todd is the man behind the publication of a book called Kim's Lost Words, A Journey for Justice From the Other Side. It is a 59 page book that as of yesterday, was number one on Amazon.


It was Self-published on September 6th. But ever since Diddy was arrested, sales have gone through the roof. Now the book makes allegations about Kim Porter's relationship with Diddy says things like Diddy was begging for a Pagan. He wanted to be shut up. I'm trying to be a serious journalist. I, sorry. See, that's your problem. I'm sorry. Do not, I'm trying to be a serious journal. Ain't not, ain't nothing that serious. A journal Over daughter. I'm listening. Start. Lemme get back. Let Woo woo got Channel it from your inner thick thighs begging from The Pegan. Go. Come on now. The book makes allegations about Kim Porter's relationship with Diddy. Says things like Diddy was begging for a Pagan, he wanted to be penetrated. I don't know how that helps to move the story forward, but it's there.


Okay, what are some other things in this book? Lauren LaRosa, The book also alleges that Diddy had extravagant sex parties with high profile celebrities, including Oscar winners. That he recorded that Diddy allegedly recorded himself in very compromising situations, including an encounter with an 18-year-old male pop star who went on to become a household name. It also alleges that he was physically violent to Kim Porter. It also alleges that Kim Porter had to make copies of certain tapes as insurance because she thought things would be used against her. These are all alleged in this book. Damn. Now the way Chris Todd got this book, according to him, this is what he told Rolling Stone, he said two people allegedly close to Combs. And Kim contacted him about the book after claiming to have the late actress in models hard drive, which he said he didn't question, he claimed they said they had her flash drive.


I didn't ask too many questions about how they got it or where did it come from. And that right there is the problem. That is the problem I have. Okay, that right there is exactly what's wrong with this era. People get information and don't ask any questions about it. He said he didn't ask about how they got it or where did it come from. Okay, it's salacious, it's shocking. And it will generate what money and attention that's all folks care about. Nowadays. We have all these conversations about combating misinformation. We wouldn't have to combat misinformation if people simply had some integrity because I don't care how juicy a story is. I don't care how controversial a story is. First things first, you have to make sure it's true. You have to at least attempt to do some fact checking.


Okay? Cite some sources. I was born in 1,978. I'm old enough to remember when we knew the difference between tabloid gossip and actual factual news and information. Those days are over. And the reason Chris Todd is getting donkey today is because he also told Rolling Stone magazine, if somebody put my feet to the fire and they said life or death, is that book real? I have to say I don't know, but it's real enough to me. Sometimes you have to just put it out there. What do you mean? It's real enough to me? Who are you f your feelings. Let's deal with the facts. Just because you believe something doesn't make it true. And on the flip side, just because you don't believe something, it doesn't make it false.


By the way. You're listening to someone who would see the headlines as a kid. Like I had Bigfoots Love Child You know, you'd be in the, the, the, the the line at the grocery store with your mom and you see the tabloid And I had Bigfoot SL child. I will see those headlines and want to hear more, but that don't mean I believed it. That is not how this generation works though. If they see it on social media, if they see it on the website, it doesn't matter what the source is. It doesn't matter where it came from, who's saying it. If they want to believe it, they will. Because nobody cares about the truth when the lie is more entertaining. Chris Todd goes on to tell Rolling Stone, maybe not a hundred percent of the book is true, but maybe 80% is what he said. That is.


He said that is to get those people to come forward and either corroborate or deny the claims. And that helps me as an investigator to know the truth. Chris, Todd, what the f are you even talking about? Okay, don't try to make this some moral righteous release as if you're putting this book out because you want people to corroborate or deny claims a real invest a real investigator with take this book. And if there's something to be investigated, if there are leads to be had, then they would go and collect real evidence to build their case. Chris, you just trying to make money off a hot topic? Knock it off. And you don't care about who you hurt in the process. And this ain't about Diddy, okay? This is not about Diddy at all. This is about the legacy of Kim Porter. I didn't know Kim Porter sat next to her once at a Dave Chappelle comedy show.


One of her best friends is, is one of my favorite people on the planet. Marvet Brittle drop on a clues ball from Marvet Brittle. But I do know that if I was Kim And, I was resting in peace, if there was some words that I allegedly left behind, I would want them to be my words. Okay? Why? Because I got young kids who have to read this stuff. Can you imagine how traumatic that must be for the babies? The fact that the kids had to release a statement? Can you read some of the statement, Lauren? The statement says, claims that our mom wrote a book are simply untrue. Our lives were shattered when we lost our mother. She was our world and nothing has been the same since she passed. We are deeply saddened that The World has made a spectacle of what has been the most tragic event of our lives. Our mother should be remembered for her beautiful, strong, kind, and loving for the beautiful, strong, kind, and loving woman she was.


Her memory should not be tainted by horrific conspiracy theories. Yeah, I mean, people believe everything they read on the internet except the truth. And I'm not even mad at people that are misinformed. I'm more upset about the people who willfully misinformed them. Chris Todd said himself, I don't know if this is real yet, he still put it into The World with no regard to Ken Porter's legacy. No regard to how this will impact the kids. All you could think about was capitalizing off the current news cycle concerning Diddy. And he's not the only one I am all for exposing the truth. But you have to know it's the truth. And the thing I've learned about the truth in my life is that the lies are always loud. The truth is always quiet. And it was like that before social media.


But social media now just amplifies the lies. Even louder. According to People magazine, Kim Porter's family is pursuing legal options. Her lawyer calls the memoir fake and shameless. I hope they sue. Even If, you don't get anything because there might not be anything to get. Sometimes you just have to make examples outta people. Most of the time folks You know, don't sue. It's because it costs money to sue. It costs time to sue when you spend all this money and all this time and don't get nothing back. But every now and then, you just have to prove a point. And that's what I want everyone to understand. Can you afford to lie? Can you afford to not have something be actual and factual? I know YouTube and these podcasts make you feel like you can say whatever you want, but please always remember free speech is not free.


And there is a cost for every single word you utter and If you can't afford to lie. Please shut the F up forever. Please let Remy ma give Chris Todd the biggest. He haw. He Haw, he haw you stupid. Mother, are you dumb? That's sad. It is sad. Very Sad. All right, well thank you for that donkey today. There's only like, there's only one thing I would wanna believe in this book. What is that Sir? I don't wanna say it. What is that? What is that? It's just You know. It's this little little rhyme. What? What's that? Begging for a pig.


That's all you care about Reg. You been going off with the sound effects First of all, And you gonna look around like you didn't you, you led him right to it. Whoa. You looked so surprised. Whoa, Whoa. Like you ain't know it was coming your way. I had no idea. Let me hold my please Jesus. Alright. Alright, Let's like that at 4:00 AM Next time y'all. He's been off all day. I don't know what's going On. Pgan is crazy. All Well, thank you for that donkey today. Now let's open up the phone lines. Be for it. All right. You want be pegged to stop Who sign Begging for the Pagan You. You don't like the people who beg you, you want them to just, it's just a text message conversation for where you at with the eyes Begging for it is crazy.


Regardless of who's begging for it. Just begging for it. Please pa me. God dang. Can we save that audio? Do you have that audio? Thank you. Alright, now when we come back, let's open up the Phone lines. What gonna do with that? Pleading for Pagans. You taking it home? Yes. What you doing with That? Yes. Let's woo side, let's woo side this. Y'all are crazy. Let's woo side of this. All right, let's open up the phone lines. Eight hundred five eight five one oh five. Have You ever bang for a pagan? What we about to do? What we about to do? I thought you was asked to envy that And. I'm like, why you keep getting on this radio and telling people personal business? Don't nobody wanna be all in your bedroom. Let's Woo side this. I was in Vegas. Whoa. En Ivy. Now You know.


Now You know. Tell Us more. Peggy Bundy. What happens in Vegas stays in Vegas, Ladies and gentlemen. But no, seriously, 805 8 5 1 0 5 When I was in Vegas a couple of weeks ago, and when I walked into my whole room, my hotel room, I was on FaceTime with my, with my wife And I noticed in the corner. And you walked to see the whole room. What? I walked into my hotel room. Oh, I was on FaceTime with my wife, And I noticed there was something pink in the corner when I went to look at what was pink. It was a pair of panties. Mm. So I'm asking, I had my wife on the phone. And I was talking And. I was like You know If. you had flown in after me for whatever reason and walked in the room and seen these panties there. And I said, I don't know how where they got there. Would you believe me? And she said, absolutely not.


Nope. I Would've walked to Vegas to serve You. So we're opening up the phone lines. 805. Eight five. They were line 805 8 5 1 0 5 1. If. you walked into your spouse's room, your boyfriend, your girlfriend's room, Your they, your they friend, your they Friend's Room. Be be inclusive. All right, If, you walked into whoever's room, your they, your he, your she's room. And you found some panties there. And when they got there you said that you don't know how they got there. Would you believe them? That is the question. 805 8 5 1 0 5. Why You look so confused, Charlamagne? I don't, I am so sorry. As soon as this happened, I called Charla. I'm I Bet you did. I Why you called him first.


I said, look what was in my room. He said, what? That fell out Your bag fell Your damn bag That looked like The color you wear. Yeah. Because your man always know what underwears he buys you. Y'all know how that go. Lauren is violent. 805 8 5 1 0 5 1. Would you believe your spouse? Let's discuss this. The. Breakfast. Club. Good morning, The. Breakfast Club. Daddy call my phone call, man. It's topic time. Call 805 8 5 1 0 5 1 to join into the discussion with The Breakfast Club. Morning everybody. It's DEJ envy, Jess, hilarious. Charlamagne, the guy. We are The Breakfast, Club. Long the of filling in for Jess If. you just join us. I was actually talking about this on, on my podcast that came out yesterday.


I was in Vegas a couple of weeks ago and when I walked into my room, there was a pair of pink panties laying on the floor. Now I, I was very upset. I I went and complained and the reason I was upset is if my wife came in the flight after me or You know the next day and walked into the room and seen that there, how would I explain that the room wasn't cleaned well enough? And there was some panties there. I asked my wife, I said, well, would you believe me if I tell you that I don't know how they got there? And she said, hell no. She was like, I love you, I trust you. She was like, but that has to be explained and there's no way to explain that. Yes, it is And. I understood what The truth, because I mean, at the end of the day, all you could do in that situation was tell her the truth. And I think that You know one thing about the truth. You can tell when somebody's being sincere.


You can tell when somebody is being authentic. I think it's just like the energy that we all have with sixth sense of Spidey sense You know when somebody's BSing, you and You know when somebody's telling the truth. I think she would've known that you was telling the truth in that. If I said, I don't know how they got there. 'cause I wouldn't know how they got there. I like, that's the Don't know how they got, I walked in and these panties were just sitting here. So would your wife have believed you if she came and saw 'em? You said, I don't know. I think she would because I think she knows me well, And I think women. Well, you wouldn't know Lauren because you're not in a relationship. But I think when you women, Jesus women understand, right? Like, like Vy. You know your woman knows when you was lying, right? Even when you didn't give her no reason. She just, women just have a sixth sense about when they being lied to or when they being played with. They also have that woman's intuition when they know you doing the right thing, when they know you moving correctly.


So I believe that my, my, my woman would've believed me if I would have been like, I don't, I have no idea how those guys, I think she knows me well enough, But some stuff that's just like, Yeah, that's just, yeah, you cant explain that like This. The irony, No reason, like, nah, The, the 'cause You know, just because I don't have a boyfriend now doesn't mean I've never had one. You just like to think that the irony of the situation would've been very insane, especially If, you have a history of doing whatever, regardless of where you are. It just would've been like, How the hell? But the, the history is the reason why she should believe you, because she saw the change in you. That Is True. True. She know you now. She know you ain't been moving that way, way in a long, long, long, long time. But to explain, why would you go back now? You're right. But to explain a random pair of panties in a room after a room has been Cleaned, it's, and she, yo, you listen.


Where's that, that phrase, I, I, I, I can't explain my lying eyes. Whatever that thing is. Like, you see it there and it's like, how did That do? You're 53 years old. I'm Not 53, I'm nowhere. She, she would know. She first, she would know with the history that you have, the last thing you would do is do that in Vegas. Like, that's like some, oh, that's rookie stuff like Vegas, Bro. Which, I mean, we've seen people do some rookie stuff in Vegas and have to come out and talk about it. And they're pretty much, but They be on drugs. Kevin Hart. Did he NBA on drugs? No. About when Kevin Hart got his little situation, I would've thought he was a little older and too drugs. No was an alcohol. Yeah. Well, let's go to the phone lines. Well, would you trust your man first and foremost? If. you had a man. Would you trust him? I don't, I wouldn't. That you wouldn't have had, we would've had to be on FaceTime and, and you walking in that room.


I never If you when you flew in there. You see that? Then you gotta explain this, the irony of it. And If, you said, I don't know how they got there. What would you say? So did they just magically appear? Did God just place them here because they wanted me To be, I dunno. Can I say something else? Oh God. There was no reason for you to bring that man up. Just, okay. I ain't even gonna go back to it.


Lauren is a, I mean, just from producer LeBron James and director Sidney Freeland comes re ball a new Netflix film. Res Ball is an underdog basketball story deeply rooted in Native American culture. In the heart of Chesca new Mexico, the Chesca Warriors, a high school basketball team faced their greatest challenge after the loss of their star player. The team must unite like never before to keep their dreams of a state championship alive. Res Ball is rated PG 13 and premiering September 27th only on Netflix.


Seeing our communities grow and thrive is something we care deeply about. Here at Black Tech Green Money State Farm Insurance also cares about the growth of black communities. They're actively investing in programs and initiatives that help provide financial literacy, give early career advice, and grow black-owned businesses. Thus leading to generational wealth, which helps protect the future of our communities. We wanna build a future that we all can be proud of. State Farm understands that representation alone doesn't equate to authenticity. It also requires active sponsorship of programs like The Axo, a year long program that recognizes and rewards high school students for their academic and cultural achievements along with funding programs like Project Ready, A National Urban League program committed to educational achievement of black and brown youth that has awarded over $11 million in scholarship offers to date State Farm believes that being better neighbors creates better communities and can have a long lasting impact. Like a good neighbor. State Farm is there.


Hey, gorgeous. It's Paris Hilton. Get the party started with my new album, infinite Icon out now and stream the new single Bad Academy Welcome To the Bad Academy. I wanted this album to be an escape. Take people to a happy place where they can heal and party in equal measure. And most of all, be your own unapologetic icon. Listen on iHeartRadio and visit infinite icon.com to order the album sponsored by 1111 Media.


A lot of pros to drink in health aid kombucha. No cons that I can think of. Pro amazing taste Pro pairs. Well with anything Pro probiotic, that's a literal pro and it's deliciously refreshing. It's the perfect pairing to your meal or great on its own. Whether you're having Pink Lady Apple Berry Lemonade, or one of the other great flavors. It's the perfect swap for soda or alcohol. Make it part of your daily routine. Look for the brown bottle with an anchor on it and try health aid Kombucha today.


Hi, this is pro football player, DeMar Hamlin. You probably know my story about perseverance and never giving up. That's why I joined the team at don't quit protein drinks. Whether I'm training hard on the field or in the gym, don't quit. Helps me recover with 33 grams of protein, 26 vitamins and with none of the artificial stuff, don't quit. Protein drinks also taste great. They are not chalky and have no bad aftertaste. My signature line of cookies and cream is my absolute favorite. Get yours now@walmart.com.


No reason why would you say that? She just pulled out. The only example of Vegas is stupidity that I had. Why, why, why? What's up with you and bringing up old stuff this morning? I just, you want stir stuff between East and Amanda. Now you bringing up Keo situation. Why Lauren, what do you have against, against the black man this, this morning? We're Not here and have this conversation. What do as If you. Because, because As why People this morning, one thing as a black woman that we always try to do is protect y'all little circle. Head jelly. You love white men having you love white Travis. We do. You you used the worst of Travis Kelsey. You sat in this room. Caleb plant was in here yesterday. You was in here, decided To talk about Issa in the men seals and you were head over heels about the clip. That's not True. You love white men with beard? Yes. Guys, I know there's white man with a Beard.


You know what else? I wouldn't believe a White man with a your kryptonite. Never believe a black man who likes Pais Santos. A White man with a big makes your braid straight. Hello? Who's this? I's that flip phone? This is Megan. Megan. Good morning. Okay, what's, what's good Now, Megan, you, you walk into your man's hotel room, you see some panties on the floor. You ask him how he got there. He say he doesn't know. Oh, you wanna know what I'm saying? Yes, ma'am. Okay. I don't wear underwear. So where the hell he coming from? So best believe I'm gonna break everything in that hotel room and he's gonna have to pay for it. But he told you he he told you he didn't know Rose. Oh, he said he didn't know. Okay. So it just magically popped out of thin air.


It Did. And Oh, it, so if it did, he should have counted his dos and ts and crossed his I and all them things and made sure he walked in that room and there was no panties. But, but, but Megan, I don't know. If, you heard the story. I walked in and there was panties there. Like I, I, I walked into a room like I checked in and if I just put my bag down and went to the casino and my wife came in after. How do you explain that? 'cause I really didn't do anything. I really can't explain how it got there. I think they Fell out Envy's bag. They did not fill out my bag. You Better get on your knees. You better ask the front concierge. Hey, you better explain this to my wife because I'm about to get murdered.


That's what I wilded out. I I went downstairs. I wild out. And I even asked the manager who was a woman, I said, what would you do If? you walked into a room and, and You know and you seen that. And she said, I would get a divorce from my husband. I said, exactly. And I said, well, what can I get? And they was like, free food. So I just took the free food. I mean, what, what was they supposed to give you? I don't know. 'cause the room, the room was already calmed. So I was like, all right, I'll you, You gave you something to eat. You put something in your mouth when you went down there to complain. Shut up man. The thing you fixate on me. And I swear. I will say it's a good place that you're at in your marriage though, that your wife wouldn't even think twice about that. Like, that's where I Didn't say she wouldn't think twice. I'm just saying that If, you been with somebody long enough. You just know when they lying and You know when they telling the truth. All Right, well we'll take some more calls when we come back. You know 805 8 5 1 0 5 1.


It's The. Breakfast Club. Good morning. If y'all talking about it. You know we talking about it. It's topic time. Call 805 8 5 1 0 5 1 to join into the discussion with The Breakfast. Club Morning everybody. It's DJ Envy. Jess. Hilarious. Charlamagne the guy. We are The Breakfast, Club Law. And the roast is filling in for Jess. If you're just joining us, I was in Vegas a couple of weeks ago and when I walked into my room, I was on FaceTime with my wife, And I noticed in the corner there was some pink panties. So I just asked my wife if she had came a couple of hours after me or the next day and seen that there, what would she think? She was like, I trust you, I love you.


She was like, but we would've to get down to the bottom of it. 'cause that's weird. There's no way that some panties just pop up in your room. Like it, that just doesn't happen. Well They didn't clean the room properly. Correct? Yeah, But all women's reaction. You heard the caller, she said exactly what I said. What? So what was it magic like? It's how do you, you it's the no explanation that would bother you. You know. We didn't ask her though. Does she have a man? Why does that matter? Just because she don't have one said mean you ain't never been through nothing. Oh Yeah. She said she don't wear pan. She don't wear, she said she don't wear panties. React. Hello. Who's this? Good morning. Good morning. It's Big Lou from H Town. Big Big Lou from H Town. So you walk in the room man, and some panties in the room You. know what I'm saying? How would you feel about them falling out your back? Shut up man. Louis, go ahead man.


What would you think Louis? So what would my wife think? Yes sir. If, You saw them? Yeah. Yeah. She's not gonna believe that they were just already there. Or even she may think I staged them to get a reaction out of em. Whoa. But I got a quick question for Vy though. Yes, Sir. And don't lie about it. Even though I know you gonna lie because we on Radio. I know what you about to ask too. You You know them to see if they had been worn. I did not smell them. Oh my God. I did not. Come on man. Come on bro. I dunno what kinky stuff you were into, but I did not Smell them. I knew Louis was gonna ask That you picked them up though. That was gonna be the very first thing we would do to be like, yo, I I wonder did one of the housekeeping chicks take these off?


And yo Yeah. Not me. I wouldn't touch 'em. No. I did get a PenFed with my wife on FaceTime. Nope. And I wanted to see what size they Were. No, I'm not moving the evidence. I'm not touching it. I'm not contaminating the evidence. Okay. I don't want my DNA nowhere near those panties. You not as Dumb as you look. Shut up Lauren. Hello. Who's this not as dumb as your braid Look. Hey. Hey, it's Khalisa. Hey Khalisa. Good morning. Good morning. Good morning y'all. So what would you do If? you went into a hotel room, you seen some panties there? You asked your man where it came from. He said, I don't know. Well, one, I know how my husband moved and his facial expressions. But to eliminate anything, I would go to the front desk, pay 0.0001% of what p did he has paid.


And get the security cameras for that floor. And, and You know what, that's what I would've did if my wife would've came and those panties would've been there. Even if she believed me that she didn't that, that maybe they didn't clean. I'm still proving us all roll. You gotta prove right up. We gonna get this camera. Look. Look who? That's me by myself. Well, look, I stopped at the vending machine. I got, I got something to drink. And I went in the room by myself. Hey look, I went out. I can't because We know I pan color, we know I pan color Because, because some of us have, we Using new Black You know Cream. Something that's going to actually fit Pink. You know Got a couple, but it ain't nothing. You know And she know the, she know the brand that she normally shop too. Right? Speak. Well, Thank you. What's up? Speak. How, how, how tall are you? What does that Have to do? Five. Five.


Okay. How much you weigh? 1 98. So you a size loss, you can tell by the the size. Yeah. Looking at it. I Or she can go in it. That's why I said speak for yourself Ma'am. You Also made this face up here too when you said you're Weight. No, I didn't. I just thought he can Say, he can say that. But one thing for sure, two things for sure. You look at me, a lot of people, I can't believe you. 1 98 because it could be in the hips and the thighs baby. Okay. I'm not doing You know how to measure. He know Big Thigh and you 1 98 You know the weight is in a ta tie. Lemme tell you something, You know you got big bites in the Booty Queen. I love a woman built like a file cabinet.


You hear me? Oh my goodness. Have a good one. All I'm simply saying is, man, why would you Tell that lady shit? All I'm, all I'm simply saying is, If, you If, you trust your partner, you'll believe them. But I, I do, I agree with what NB said. I would probably go get the security camera footage too. Because when you have, when you have done so much work on yourself that's right. And you've done so much work You know in your relationship and you just want to prove to your woman that you are really who you say you are. You want that. You you not gonna let some random panties in a hotel room mess up that. Nope. I'm going to the camera. I'm go, let's go. Now we getting this camera. Matter of fact, my wife watching it right here with us. Hello. Who's this? Yo, this is ku.


Ku. What's up brother? You walked into your man and found some panties somewhere, bro. Man, what? No bro, look, I, I got, I know this is not capped. This is the truth. Okay. So I flew into Vegas to meet up with a young lady who was at the Cosmopolitan, right? I can't make this up. There's no cap. I go, I sit on the back on the balcony and it's super windy if You know about the Cosmopolitan way up high, super windy, bro. I'm sitting down just chilling, waiting for us to go out and out of nowhere the wind blows a joint right towards my feet from the hotel next to me from the hotel room. So I'm looking down at the joint, I'm like, wow. Then right behind the joint comes a condom package and it blows right next to my feet.


And the first thing I'm thinking is, had I got here later and seen that right here on the balcony, I would've swore somebody got it in before I got there. So I believe the fact that, yeah, sometimes just some crazy stuff just happens and you can't make certain things up. And this is not a cap. And I love baby braids. They look really good today. I'm watching y'all live on Thank You. I appreciate it. What baby? Alright. The little baby over here. Oh Shit baby. That's dressed like Santa Claus. Oh Baby. That's dressed like Santa Claus. Jesus Christ. Good. Merry Christmas. No, that looks good. You look like a gift this morning. Nice. Merry Christmas is crazy insane. First Of all, you do look like little Santa now.


Now he jacket All love. It's all love. Dang. The other thing I'm wor I'm thinking here is like these people are nasty at these hotel rooms, huh? Yep. Because if they ain't If you, how you miss a big pair of panties? Well Yeah. Ho you think you don't wipe down your hotel room when you go into it? Hotel Speak You know. No, because I expect that to be their job. They, I mean, I wiped down the toilets, but I If you. I'm not wiping down everything. The next time y'all go to a hotel, get disinfectant wipes and wiped down and you'll see like it's not, they just, they they move it fast. There's a lot of people. No, the same way You think airplanes are clean cleaned too. Well the reality is, no you, you're right. But the reality is the hotels like You know you get to these hotels and you can't check in at a certain time. I like when I get to a hotel and they be they cleaning like the room isn't ready yet because that means that they're doing a thorough cleaning, which I would expect them to do.


Yeah. That was You know what I mean? But it was a a major weekend though that weekend, right? Wasn't it was Fight weekend. Yeah. So they probably were just overwhelmed a lot happening? Mm Mm mm Alright. Alright. Now let's get to just with the Mess with Lauren LaRosa Is real. Jessica Robin Moore just don't do no lying. She Don't nobody Just worldwide mess on The. Breakfast Club. She's the coaches. Lauren. Lauren And I got the Mess. Talk to me. So Matt Barnes and Steven Jackson are gonna sit down with VP Kamala Harris and have a conversation on all the smoke podcasts.


Okay. That's Dope. Yes. This was announced by Kayla Gardner. Kayla Gardner is a White House correspondent for Bloomberg News outta Washington DC and her tweet read VP Kamala Harris participated earlier today in a taped interview with all the smoke hosted by retired NBA players. Matt Barnes and Steven Jackson per a campaign official. So we'll wait for that to come out. But I mean, people were criticizing her beef before not doing interviews and she's doing them. I know people wanted her to kind of sit down with people that are more, I would say like tagged to the culture. It can have some real conversations with her. And it seems like she's making an effort to do that. So Yes. I can't wait to see her on all the smoke because styles make fights and it's easy for politicians to go in environments where they know they're gonna be asked certain questions.


They can prepare for those. Yep. And that's where you get a lot of scripted, rehearsed answers. Matt and Stevens approach isn't going to be You know like that. It's not gonna be something she's used to. So it'll force her the the the move off script More. Yeah. Real people, real conversations type Vibes. Yeah.


Yeah. So make sure you subscribe to the All the Smoke podcast on the Black Fact iHeartRadio podcast network and make sure you pre-order all the smoke's coffee table book, which which I'm holding in my hand rights now, which will be available everywhere you buy books. October 8th, If. You're a fan of the All of Smoke podcast, then you want to have this book. Look how, look how beautiful this book is. It's got pictures in it. It's got interviews from Kobe Bryant, Lil Wayne, magic Johnson, Allen Iveson, will Smith, Jenny Buss go pre-order. Now When Kamala becomes president, they should do a special rendition of it. 'cause it'll be history like first black woman president, they were able to sit down with her, have a conversation they should redo like You know a second part R when we reprint this book, 'cause You know this is coming out through black privileged publishing Simon and Schu in my booking print when we reprint this book.


You might can put that in there. Yeah. Can I hold some money? You got money? You got a lot going on over there Friend. No, I'm, God is, God is good. I am a blessing. Okay. I am blessed. And, I like being a blessing. I Was about to say God blesses you to be a blessing. That's right. So let me know If, you need my cash app now Brett fav he For your hair. I definitely will, but throw some dollars. But Jesus just told me, don't bother, bother him. If you trivial things. If. you wanna take on that? You you definitely, I was Talking out Loud. Be my guest. Yeah, you was talking out loud. I'm sorry. Nevermind. Continue on. Continue On. Heathing. Brett Fav. So Brett fav, he sat down and he was okay. He made a revelation that it, it kind of stopped The World a bit yesterday.


I, I'd rather let him say it. He came out and talked about something that he's going through health-wise. Let's take a listen. Sadly, I also lost an investment in a company that I believed was developing a breakthrough concussion drug. I thought would help others. And I'm sure you'll understand why it's too late for me because I've recently been diagnosed with Parkinson's. This is also a cause dear to my heart. Recently the doctor running the company pleaded guilty to taking Taniff money for his own use. So the retired NFL quarterback was at a congressional committee meeting on Tuesday. And the reason why he is even there is because a company that he made an investment in, which he talked about is being took into task right now because there was fraud, alleged fraud that happened even though he's not being criminally charged with anything when it comes to welfare funds.


So he's there talking about everything he's experienced with that so that there could be more protection around wealth welfare funds. But what he's saying, because specifically the organization that he was working with, or the company he thought he was working with was doing some sort of like testing and development when it comes to concussion treatments. And You know he's played like over 200 games. I think it's like 299 games he played For 20 years. Yeah. So he's, he was, he's a big proponent of it. And of course that was near and dear to his heart. So he invested in his company thinking that You know they were doing good things and then he found out things weren't what, I guess what he thought that they were. And on top of all of that, he wanted people to understand that his investment was his investment and his involvement had nothing to do with Scandal or anything like that.


Now we know it's because he himself, he's dealt with concussions, but now he's dealing with Parkinson's and there's, he hasn't talked about You know if he knows what led to his Parkinson's. And a lot of people to this day will tell you that research doesn't really answer that question either. But there are findings that will tell you that concussions can lead to Parkinson's Disease. So yes. And Brett Fav is a person who has, I remember once he said that he had thousands of concussions in his NFL career. Yeah. Yeah. Because he was talking about, it's like a, I forgot what it's called, but it's like a different symptom of concussion. Like You know what a concussion is, but then there's something else where you see stars and ringing. Yes. He said he felt that thousands of times. Yep. Booie, And, I. Love how we getting through these in the third hour? Well, first of all, let me just say I You know sending him some love and some great energy because that's a lot to deal with that a medical condition that can develop.


So You know I wishing the best for Brett Farb. Yep. He still stole. Never. Allegedly. Allegedly. Okay. And and he did return, which Is so quick that you're so quick to give grace to the white man. I'm quick to give any grace to anybody going through a medical condition. I don't about That. You wanna to Ignore him. I wanna say though he did. 'cause he said you said he stole. I Ain't say That. You started to say that And I stopped myself. He has repaid over a million dollars in speaking fees funded by the welfare program. And I gotta put that out there. How Much he allegedly steal though? You tell me It was millions. Okay. It was more than he gave back. Continue. I will. I think it was 90 million. Jesus. Moving on Ti and Booie. So ti and Booie were at their kids music video shoot. And there was a moment that was caught on camera where they stopped, stopped them to ask them about why they have to act like they have guns and different stuff in the videos, which I think is ironic coming from ti and Booie.


But let's take a listen. What Is it about the gun man? It's not illegal to have guns. Well in the manner in which you portray in the lifestyle the don't look legitimate sir, because I'm not supporting no ho I'm not Can't do it. I'm not What kind of parent don't support their kids and goddamn slide pop got a gun in your book. So 12 up and they say, Hey, hey, who who do you belong to? Who raised their hand? Nobody got raise their hand. Well when you got drugs it ain't You know drugs. Y'all got drugs around guns called, it's not possession of a firearm and commission of a crime. Sir, that is a felon ain coming outta car.


Can't man. Why? What happened to some mother? I don't make No you got talking about being in love, man. I mean I love that though. Me too. Because it's like they, their dads, they their parents, their their their dads. They speaking from their own experience. And you can hear Tia's son not listening, but he ain't giving up. That's his son. You know what mean? He ain't giving up on Him. He doing exactly what he supposed to be doing as a father. Absolutely. And when You know better, you do better. You know when you see people say things like, well y'all had guns in y'all videos and this and that. We see how I ended up exactly And, I don't want you to make the same mistakes that I made. Okay. I did that. So you don't have to go through that. That's why exactly. There was one part of the video where they said you got drugs and you got guns. This is this type of charge type charge. That's because they been through it and they don't want their kids to go through the same thing.


Duh. Drop on a cruise bomb with ti and boosty. That's that's right. That's what they should have done That Parents, he said somebody grab the book bag and say who gun it is who raising their hand. That's a lesson in, do you even know who's standing next to you when something go down? Right. And I just wanna be accurate. Brett f still owes Mississippi over $700,000 in misspent welfare money. And I. Ha I I don't know why I'm just putting this together. He said that he had Parkinson's at, at while he was testifying at the welfare fraud hearing. What a way to Distract and yeah, what A way to distract. 'cause You know all of the, The boy a white man is so good. All Of the headlines was about the Parkinson and not the, I had to dig deep. He is so good because I was like, why is Brett far even like, because he wasn't criminal. He was Def at the house welfare reform hearing. Amen. Scandal. And he just got everybody talking about him and feeling sorry for him and Lauren.


Alright. Sending him healing energy and all of this and that. He Still has Parkinson's. Okay. Oh, you don't even believe the Parkinson. That's Just The best with Lauren. Just a good way to Happy birthday. TI We gonna get some ti joints in the mix, so don't go anywhere as The Breakfast Club. Good morning, You are checking out. The. Breakfast Club. Morning everybody. It's DJ nv Jess Larry Charlamagne, the guy We are The Breakfast. Club Lauren also filling in for Jess. We got a salute. Mercedes Monet pro wrestler for joining us this morning. Yes. Luther Salute and Mercedes Monet. Man, she's a big deal. People like Mercedes Monet. I just respect the fact that she walked away from the WWE E. 'cause people don't walk away from the wwe, right? They really don't. That's Right. Well salute to Mercedes Monet. All right.


And when we come back, we got the positive notes. Hold On. I want to tell y'all too, man. Make sure you go register to attend my fourth annual Mental Wealth Expo happening October 12th, Saturday, October 12th from 11:00 AM to 4:00 PM at the Marriott, Marques here in Times Square, New York City. We got some of the best therapists and psychiatrists and spiritual leaders that are gonna be there. Dr. Alfie Breland Noble, Elliot Connie, Dr. Cheyenne Bryant, Dr. J Barnett, Dr. Rita Walker, just to name a few. Dr. Topeka. Sam will be there. Dr. Judith Joseph Ashanti DOS will be there. So look the Good Sister Ashanti dos man. So make sure you are there. 11:00 AM to 4:00 PM Tyrese will be there in conversation with the good brother Jason Wilson.


My good sister Angela will be there. Shaka Sing. Cole will be there, Wallo will be there. Just a whole host of people, man. It is a day of mental health and healing education. Saturday October 12th, 11:00 AM to 4:00 PM at the Marriott Marque in Times Square, New York City. It is a free event open to all ages. Just go to mental wealth expo.com for more information. All right, when we come back, we got the positive notice. The, Breakfast. Club. Good morning. Morning everybody. It's DJ Envy. Jess, Larry Charlamagne, the guy we are The, Breakfast, Club. Laura LaRosa filling in for Jess. Now it's time to get up outta here. Charlamagne, you got a positive note? Yes I do, man. And I just want to encourage you, everybody that's on their healing journey, stay on your healing journey. Heal. All right. Continue to heal so you can see that attention is not love.


Attachment is not connection. And bare minimum is not effort. Breakfast Club Bitches, you'all, finished or y'all done?


Hey gorgeous. It's Paris Hilton. Get the party started with my new album, infinite Icon out now and stream the new single Bad Academy, Welcome To the Bad Academy. I wanted this album to be an escape. Take people to a happy place where they can heal and party in equal measure. And most of all, be your own unapologetic icon. Listen on iHeartRadio and visit infinite icon.com to order the album sponsored by 1111 Media.


A lot of pros to drink in health aid, kombucha. No cons that I can think of. Pro amazing Taste Pro pairs. Well with anything Pro probiotic, that's a literal pro and it's deliciously refreshing. It's the perfect pairing to your meal or great on its own. Whether you're having Pink Lady Apple, Berry Lemonade, or one of the other great flavors. It's the perfect swap for soda or alcohol. Make it part of your daily routine. Look for the brown Bottle with an Anchor on it and try health aid Kombucha Today.


Hi, this is pro football player, DeMar Hamlin. You probably know my story about perseverance and never giving up. That's why I joined the team at Don't quit Protein drinks. Whether I'm training hard on the field or in the gym, don't quit. Helps me recover with 33 grams of protein, 26 vitamins, and with none of the artificial stuff, don't quit. Protein drinks also taste great. They are not chalky and have no bad aftertaste. My signature line of cookies and cream is my absolute favorite. Get yours now@walmart.com.


Take a deep dive into the stories, making the news headlines across The World, the News agents. We are not just here to tell you what's happening, but why for me, Emily Mala and Me, John Sopel with Global's Award-winning podcast. The news agents dropping daily, covering everything you need to know about politics and current affairs and the News agents USA following every twist and turn in the race for the White House. Listen to the news agents on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you listen to podcasts.


Roku has what you need to make your college home away from home. Feel more like your own. Make your dorm the place to be with Roku tv. Or bring a Roku streaming stick to easily access all your favorite free and premium content like iHeartRadio. Stream your favorite playlist with the Roku vibe, setting smart light strips to sync your music to millions of colors and make your dorm feel more like you. Make your dorm the place to be with Roku TV streaming players and smart lights. Head to Roku dot com or your favorite retailer to deck out your dorm.