
Life is an act of constant reinvention that's true for you and for cause. Nissan reimagined the all new kicks around you. The Bowles Personal plus sound system with speakers in the headrest keeps you in the groove while the Nissan Safety Shield 360 technologies keep you safe. If Nissan invented the kicks, you can reinvent yourself. Drive the all new Reimagined Nissan kicks today. Available features compatible device service and consumer activation of Nissan Connect Services. Package required use only when safe and legal subject to third party service availability For more information, see Nissan usa.com/connect/legal. Apple CarPlay is a trademark of Apple Link Intelligent All-Wheel Drive cannot prevent collisions or provide enhanced traction in all conditions. Always monitor traffic and weather conditions.


Taking Control of your career is empowering. Just don't tell my boss I said that. Just kidding. I am the boss. This is Carlos Miller from the 85 South Show. And building a career isn't just about a job. It's about creating a path that impacts our community and future generations. Whether you're starting out or even making big moves, state Farm is here to support you with resources to help protect what you're working hard to achieve. They've got your back every step of the way because Like a good neighbor. State Farm is there. Find out more@statefarm.com.


What's it like to get the new iPhone 16 Pro with at t? Next up, anytime. It's like when you first light up the grill and think of all the mouthwatering possibilities. Learn how to get the new iPhone 16 Pro with Apple Intelligence on at and t and the latest iPhone every year with at and t. Next up, anytime at and t connecting changes everything. Apple Intelligence coming Fall 2024 with Sirn device language set to us English. Some features and languages will be coming over the next year. $0 offer may not be available on future iPhone. Next up, anytime. Feature may be discontinued at any time. Subject. To change additional fees, terms and restrictions, apply to att.com/iphone. For details,


What's up? It's me, Don Toliver. If I could describe the olds ultra open earbuds, I think I would describe it as very seamless. It can definitely be something that you can style. It's like earing candy. Check out bows.com for more.


You could sit there and listen to ads or you could take a moment to have a Diet Coke break. First, grab a chill diet Coke. 'cause if you wanted to be perfect, it needs to be crispy. Next, get a big cup of ice. 'cause everyone knows Diet Coke is best served swimming in ice, then sip it slowly. Feel that burn and enjoy your break for as long as possible. When you need a break, don't forget to grab an ice cold Diet Coke and take a Diet Coke break.


Good morning. USA Yo. Yo. Yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo. Lauren LaRosa filling in for Jess. Hilarious. Good morning all Charlamagne Guy Beast. To the planet is Friday. Good morning. Good Morning. How you feeling out there? All I feel blessed black and highly favored. Another day to serve our beautiful listeners here on The Breakfast Club. What's happening? Good morning. That's right. Hopefully you guys are okay. Last night after hopefully taking the kids trick or treat You know. Maybe you were out partying last night for Halloween. It feel like people wasn't really in the Halloween spirit last night. Like I didn't, I didn't See a lot of parents all yesterday. Nah. I mean, I didn't see, see a lot of adults. Yeah. You know in costume.


Nah, Not as Much. I felt like that too. Even so You know how we played the costume game yesterday. I felt like that yesterday because it was hard to find costumes. And then today too, I feel like Cel, I saw some posts, but You know normally people do a up for Halloween and like post it on the timeline and all that. I didn't see much of that either. I didn't see that either. Nah, I didn't see it out when I was taking the kids trick or treating. And it wasn't too many people dressed up at all. I feel like Halloween snuck up on this though, a little bit this year. Oh, It's the same day every year. I don't know. I I was, since I've been alive. Yeah. I don't know. Yeah. I, I just, I didn't get that feeling. And it's so warm out. You would think people would wanna, Maybe the Warmth did it a little bit too, because it was just a lot. When I was trick or treating last night, there was a lot of dads just in shorts and t-shirts. It's summertime right now. They just like, look it what it is. I saw adults and shorts and t-shirts last night. And this morning somebody showed me videos of Eddie You.


know, we can hear you. I saw video, I saw videos of people yesterday of, of showing me flowers blooming. Yeah. Or trying to bloom. Yes. Yeah. That's how You know The World is outta whack. That's right. By the way, my grandma say this. Is this how You know It's the times, the ends of the times. Oh, My grandma used to say the same thing every year. Right. Every year. My Say every year, every six months, she'd be like, get you. You never know. This is a sign of the Times. My Grandma been gone since 2005. She was saying this in the eighties. Jesus, You been saying it in the eighties. A sign of the times. I will tell you one thing, You know, one of my favorite things to do is when I'm walking in just talking to like the parking attendants and everybody else like that. A lot of brothers this morning, one of the brothers taught me this morning, said, Hey man, I already got my vote in.


That's good. He said, I voted for, I voted for Harris. That's, that's, that's amazing. Then he Said, what the D stand for? And. I was like, what? He said what the D stand for the D in our name. Like, oh, Debbie. I did, I I really didn't know what he was talking about. What, What you was about to say when you said that. I thought you talking about Democrat. I thought he meant like with the D, we met the D in her middle name, which is Debbie. Yeah. I You know what yesterday too. I seen a couple kids dressed as Donald Trump too. I don't know if you've seen that. Did you see that yesterday? Oh, that's a great heart. I mean, he's one of the most horrific characters of Right. I don't see, see problem. Yeah, you right, you're right. Great. Halloween costume. Yeah, you're right. But And I also noticed that you could tell us in inflation because the kids didn't get that much candy. Really? What? Nah. Usually they come with their, There is no inflation though.


You see, you just told a big ass whatever radio, what is it? Inflation is at 2.5% right Now. I rephrase that. I can tell people don't have it like they did. You can tell These corporations are jacking up the prices and things. Yes, yes. Yeah. 'cause people don't, don't have it like they use. 'cause usually kids have a lot of candy. And that was one of the things that a lot of kids were saying that You know, usually they You know their buckets are up full and, and it wasn't like that this year. So, But also people are getting away from candy. Like, meaning that they don't want to give kids candy 'cause it's just simply not healthy. That true. But people are trying to find other alternatives. Like, all right. You know we were treating in the same place last night. I saw people giving away hot dogs and hot dogs. It was a lot of Ies. Yeah. They were giving away hot dog candy. This is a Neighbor. I know. I would that That sounds like A barbecue. There was a couple of things. Cook, Couple hot dogs. Yep. It was fun.


Yeah. That's different. Yeah. I like that way better. Anyway, but that's 'cause It was warm yesterday Too. Like Nah, they do that every year like that. Really hot dogs. Cotton candy. They have waters and Capri Suns and stuff like that for the kids. It was pretty cool though. Alright, well today on this show we have Naori Norton Lewis and Maurice Mitchell. They'll be joining us. Here's the national director of the Working Families Party. And of course You know de Tori, they'll be here. He's From the Power Party. That's right. He represents the Power Party. And this is something big. We have Caden Mingo here. Now Caden Mingo is ranked top 10 high school basketball player. Next year he's going to college and he's actually coming on The Breakfast Club this morning to announce what college he is attending. Wow. That is the first. We've never had that Happen Before. Usually sometimes students go to ES ESPN to do it or they go to wherever to do it.


But he wanted to come to The Breakfast Club and announce what school he is gonna be attending next year. And like I said, he's the top 10 high school players outta ESPN's 100. He's a four star combo guard. He's from Long Island and we're gonna be talking to him in a little bit today. So that's gonna be your first, his name is Caden Mgo. So make sure you look the young man up. All right, well let's get the show cracking. We got front page news with Morgan when we come back. We got Morgan on, right? Yep. And we'll do that when we come back. So don't move us to Breakfast Club. Good morning. Morning everybody. It's DJ nv. Just Larry Charlamagne, the guy. We are The Breakfast. Club. Lauren LaRosa filling in for Jess. And let's get in some front page news. Now, last night at Thursday night football, the jet beat the Texans 2113.


All right. Good morning Morgan. Good morning. Good morning. Yes, we have made it to the weekend. How y'all feeling? Good. Y'all Black and holly favor. Good, good, good. And yes, I absolutely did have dinner last night on the Halloween Trail. Hotdog hamburgers for sure. Yes. That's a, alright, so let's get into it. Y'all countdown is on with election day Tuesday, November 5th, five days away. And on top of your front page news, making sure you exercise your right to vote. We love to see it. Former President Donald Trump. Now he's already claiming that Pennsylvania is cheating. After hundreds of fraudulent registration applications were recently turned in. Now state officials are making it clear that those were not votes, but rather applications bound to have been submitted by paid canvassers, a safeguard kicked in to prevent any cheating and rejected them while an investigation is still ongoing.


Now, Trump posted on his social media platform truth social yesterday that the state is getting caught cheating at large scale levels rarely seen before. Let's hear those comments from former President Trump in regards to cheating in Pennsylvania. They've already started cheating in Lancaster. They've cheated. We caught 'em with 2,600 votes and every vote was written by the same person. Ha ha. I wonder how that happened. Again, always remember, whatever Trump is accusing people of he's already doing or has done. It's always great projection. 'cause I've been telling you on this radio for months that they're already plotting on stealing your election. You gonna have a bunch of GOP elected officials around the country who refuse to certify the results of the election.


He's got the Supreme Court on his side that'll help him win. But I I, it's gonna be hard for him to do because he's not currently in power as president. But it's gonna be difficult. He's gonna make it dangerous. Yes. And this is where it begins again, not votes, but just applications guys. So Trump's campaign is also suing Philadelphia Bucks County over claims of voter intimidation and long lines of people tried to get mail-in ballots Tuesday, the deadline to request them. And of course there's been no evidence pro produced of that. Meanwhile, Pennsylvania Secretary of Commonwealth Al Schmitz says election officials statewide are working hard to ensure free, fair, safe, and secure election after fraudulent registration applications were submitted.


Let's hear from him. When you have cases like this, it should encourage people to have more faith in the system, not less. Yeah. So Pennsylvania Attorney General Michelle Henry is also entering the chat, responding to allegations of voter fraud in the state. Henry said attempts to submit voter fraudulent voter applications forms in York, Lancaster and other counties were uncovered and defeated. She noted that the fraudulent materials did not include any ballots. Again, not votes, just applications. Henry says the investigations are ongoing and those who committed the fraud will be held accountable. So there is some stuff going on, but we gotta be clear about what that stuff is.


So yeah, moving on. Trump rallied in Arizona and Nevada and New Mexico yesterday, which new Mexico is traditionally a blue state while Ariz, Arizona and Nevada are swing states. Trump officials claim there is momentum in the entire region. And he slammed V and they slammed VP Harris' border policies. Let's hear from Trump at his rally in new Mexico. If we could bring God down from heaven, he could be the vote counter. We would win this. We'd win California, we'd win. A lot of states do You know that in four years, almost four years, she never called border patrol once and yet she was in charge of the border. That's not too good.


That's not, she's a stiff, she's a total stiff. And she lies. Yes. Any thoughts on that? You're like, same old, same old song. It's the same Old song. Yeah. We've been hearing this same thing for the longest time now. Song man. Like, and it's, it's just things that just aren't accurate. You know. That's all I can tell you. Like she, she was not in charge of the water. Like, it's just, it's just things that weren't accurate. The border, the border is a bipartisan issue and it's gonna take bipartisan legislation. You know to properly secure the border and there was bipartisan legislation in place, but Donald Trump shot it down because he did not want to give the democrats any political win in an election season. Those are just facts. Now did the, did, did Biden administration get a lot of things wrong at the board border early on?


Yes, but once again, it's not You know, just a one party issue. It's a bipartisan issue. It's gonna take both parties to fix it. There was something in place to fix it. He shot it down. That's just a fact. Well, there you go. Alright. Well, You know Trump is also suing CBS for $10 billion for allegedly making Harris's 60 minutes interview look good. Supposedly his Trump, his legal team filed the claim towards the network saying that they edited the footage to castor in a positive light. Now the, the lawsuit says that CBS participated in a par partisan and unlawful acts of election and voter interference and substantial news distortion when it aired the interview. So yep. There's more to be had. And so When can we suit for billions of dollars for them using me and Envy's You know likeness in his, in The trans ads, his Anti-trans ads without our permission.


Now You know he don't have no billion Dollars. Well, he is $1.8 billion in debt right now, but that ain't the point. Okay. What lawyer wanna take the case? Who want, who wanna take the case for us to sue Donald Trump pro Bono. Okay. For using our likeness without permission. That's right. Huh? Pro bono. Okay. Who Wants that means free. Yes. Alright. All right. That's your front page news for 6:00 AM 7:00 AM Stick around. We'll hit, we'll get caught up with what's going on with VP Harris. I wonder if during Thursday night football of that commercial ran, I'm just curious. All right. All right, now get it off your chest. 805 8 5 1 0 5 1 if you need to vent, phone lines are wide open. Again, (800) 585-1051. Call us up right now. Let us know how your Halloween is. It's The Breakfast Club. Good morning The. Breakfast Club.


Is it your time to get it off your chest? Whether you're mad or blessed? I hate the way that you walk, way that you talk. I hate the way you dress. Everything with me is blessed. Call up next five eight five one oh five one. Not just Me, I'm with the coach of Philly. Hello. Who's this? Yo, this Duke from Carolina. Duke from Carolina. Good morning it Duke. Good morning. Good morning. Get it off your chest. Y'all. Just calling to let y'all know that I'm voted yesterday. Got my early vote in, voted for Kamala. Okay. Good job. Yep. Yep. And the next thing I want to get off my chest is I know that Halloween ain't like it used to be like back in the days I could like go the house to house by myself.


But nowadays You know. You don't even see that anymore. You see trunk or treating. Yeah. And that's barely hitting. I like trunk or treating at the schools trunk and Treating is dope. Yeah. I mean I grew up Jehovah Witness, so You know I didn't get to celebrate Halloween, so I'm mad 'cause I'm like, damn, don't y'all quit Now that I can celebrate. Well, Trunk or treat Lauren is when the parents, they pull a cars up in the parking lot and they decorate the cars. Like some cars they decorate look like a Beetlejuice car or a Barbie theme song, a car or a this. I saw People posting that. I thought they were just doing it because they Wanted to. No. And that way it's safe and the kids can go to each trunk Party is, I've never been to talk Treat. No, it's, it, it it is really good. I like Yeah. And it's, it is parents So You know that the candy's safe. It is a safe environment. It's usually police officers around, there's fire department, like the fire department's part of it.


It's really nice. And people, a lot of people don't want people just walking up to their door, ringing their bell. So that's another reason I like trunk and treat. Right, right. Okay. Okay. Oh, last thing I wanted to say, man. Oh, I wanted to give a happy birthday to my little brother, Orlando Keon. His birthday was this past weekend and that's it. I'm pretty sure he listening to The. Breakfast Club right now. Happy born day Orlando. Happy birthday. Hello. Who's this? Good Morning. This is Carol. Hey Carol. Good morning. Good Morning guys. I love You all in Lauren. You guys Are great. Thank you, Carol. Thank you. Carol. Can you wait, wait, wait. Carol, can you take us off Bluetooth for speaker? 'cause you, you sound, you, you're in and out.


Okay. All right. I All right. I got a phone with you guys. What's up? Yes, ma'am. Okay. My bone, the cake is that I listen to you guys every morning. I'm a van driver, school van driver, And. I on my way to pick my kids up. Okay. And every morning for the last couple of weeks, you start out with Trump. I'm so sick of Trump, Trump, Trump, Trump. He lies so bad. He turns things around. My thing is, and then you say, we'll talk about press Vice President Harris in the next hour. Give her her props first. Talk about her first, and then if you have time in the next hour, talk about Trump.


Stop giving him all this play. Well, you talking to Morgan then Morgan does the front page news. Morgan. Morgan. Stop talking about Trump so much. Morgan. But I mean, it's a politician. It is politics season. So she's talking about both. Yeah, It's a presidential election. It's presidential election. I do understand what you're saying though. But Anyway, you guys, you keep doing what you doing. You're great for the black community. I love you all. And I. Hope you have a wonderfully blessed day. You too. You too. And you be safe on The World with them kids too. I will. All righty. Now she Told Morgan. Morgan, you better watch what you center baby girl. Okay. You need to watch what you center. All right, center to the right stories. Morgan. You always want to give Donald Trump all the headlines. Morgan damn.


Get it off your chest. 805 8 5 1 0 5 1. If you need to vent, hit us up now. It's The, Breakfast, Club. Good morning, The. Breakfast, Club. This is your time to get it off your chest, man. We want to hear from you on The. Breakfast. Club. Hello, who's this? Hey, peace and blessing, man. Good morning. How you doing this morning? Hey, Sean Stone. What's up brother? Get it off your chest. Listen man, I wasn't able to, first of all, let me say good morning to the host radio host, Sean. Sean. Sean. It's Friday. Don't call in here with all that mad at The World stuff. Now I like to laugh. And I And I. Like to talk. All right. Don't call in here with all that mad at The World stuff. Whenever I call in mad At The World every goddamn phone call every, every time you call, It'd be like three Things too.


No, I, I agree. Last time you were upset about, I don't even remember You see that. You don't even know yourself, Sean. That Lauren. Lauren, You said you didn't Remember that because you just a mad, you just a mad caller. Like you don't even You know what? Let me take a step back. What you calling for Sean? Go ahead. What's up, Sean? Ahead. What you calling for? My goodness. My mental health. Please, Lord, help. Come on, Sean. Listen, I want to thank everybody because I called, I think two weeks ago about the hurricane. Yes. And I Put my cash app out there. I just want to thank everybody that blessed my Cash app, And. I. Really appreciate it. Me and my family really appreciate it. And I. Just wanna shout out a couple of names that bless my cash app. Okay. Is that Okay? Yes.


And, I. And I know you pivoted because You know you've called up here since in the last two weeks you ain't thinking nobody. But now all of a sudden you think, but go ahead. And the other day I asked you like, how are you? And it was because the last time we had heard from you was the hurricane stuff. You The man. Man. Go ahead, brother. Listen, And I was trying to thank people yesterday, but then you brought up that you always bring up G whenever show. No, because You were, I remember now you were complaining about the, the lyrics and the Dirk and the Yes, Yes. I wasn't complaining. Lauren, I'm I I'm sorry. I wanted the rappers to understand when God blesses people to come out of the community that you come out of. Have to thank God for your blessing and not waste it.


That's all I was say, Lauren. Gotcha. So I wanna shout up Amber Ton Ro, Rhonda, Florence, Trey Taylor, and Mama Smith. And Rodney. There's a lot of people that bless me. And, I. I can't mention everybody's name, but I just want to say thank you sincerely from the bottom of my, my heart. There you go. Sh Is that Okay, man? Yes sir. Gratitude should be your attitude. Always. When you appreciate You, know the things that have happened to you, you always get blessed with more. So good. I'm glad that you did that. And before I go, ladies and gentlemen, stop celebrating Halloween. It's a pig. And h See, oh my God. See? You See what I'm saying? See, We was there. Like we, we, we just said that we was there.


Hello. Who's this? Hi, this is Shay. Hey Shay. P Shay. Good morning. Now it says that you had a a, a horrible voting experience yesterday. What happened? Well, maybe it was a good one. Yes. Well, no, it was a bad experience. What Happened? So the attendance at the voting poll was not nice. My husband, he was on his phone. He was looking down at his phone, a video on his phone, and she said, loudly, you cannot be on your phone. You gotta put your phone away. And she said that in the state of Georgia, it's illegal to have your phone out. That's true. And I had my phone in my hand. And I didn't know that. You know, I I just put it away in my purse afterwards.


And the next thing was her saying that we couldn't talk. Like we were just kind of whispering with each other as we were like in the poll voting. And she was saying that we could have talked, like, stop talking. So it just, it reminded me of school. It was a lift and pleasant experience. So I just wanted to encourage others. You know, if you go to the poll and meet a, a negative attitude, or if you did not know that you have your phone out, just have that awareness. Yeah. I mean, all, everything you said is, is is true though. You can't have your phones out when you go into the polling place. You can't talk, you can't wear any like, political paraphernalia. Like you can't wear anything that supports or is an opposition against any of the candidates.


Like these are, these are, this is true. These are just these rules. But I, but I also feel like what, what she was saying is the way that you speak to people, right? And the way that you talk to people, right? And if you said, Hey ma'am, I'm sorry you can't be on your phone in here. It's against the law. You'd be like, oh, okay. No problem. Or if you said, Hey ma'am, you can't talk in here. 'cause people are voting. You'd be like, okay. But now if you talk to me with disrespect, the first thing I'm gonna feel like I'm gonna feel like you're talking to me like I'm a child. Not you talking, or, or if you're already going in the voters booth. Right? Or if you're already going in the voters booth and you think that the people there are racist and you think because you black, you voting for Kamala and you think they mad at you. 'cause they looking at you like, oh, you probably voting for Kamala. You already got a grudge. That's right. And you already think that everything that they say to you is racist. How about that? Have you ever thought about that? Well, let's ask Shay what happened? Shea, I know that's what happened with Shea.


That's how I be feeling sometimes. Well, they were actually black and I'm black as well. So I figured You know. They, they thought that I would be voting for Kamala. And so it really wasn't that, it was just the experience, it was the tone of voice. Like j her tone was speaking to us like we were children. And I'm like, okay, we're not children. We're not in schools. And I'm just used to more lack voting. I'm from Alabama and I've never had that experience. I've never been told that I couldn't have my phone out. So it was, it was really just a surprise for us. I, I understand. Well, I'm glad you voted. I'm sorry you had a horrible experience.


Mama Y Yeah, no problem. The last thing I wanna say is I took my kids trick or treating last night. And I noticed that none of the people with Trump lives in their yard were giving out candy. No one like their lights were out. None of the Trumpers were given out. Candy. And, I just found it was too strange. Hmm. I Well, okay. I


Did You know there's no Tom at Tom's. The shoe company You know and love our name reflects our commitment to creating better tomorrows. This season embrace cozy comfort with Tom's, the family favorite footwear brand from Chic Boots and everyday sneakers to wedges and our iconic Alper goddess slip bombs. Each pair of Toms is crafted with premium comfort. At its core, our cloud bound insoles provide exceptional cushion, perfect for morning meetings, farmer's markets and quiet moments at home, enjoy features like ankle padding, cozy foer linings, and wide width options. So you can always feel like you're walking on Clouds Made for Play. Our Kids Line offers extra traction and easy on, easy off detailing a win for them, a win for you. Explore rich textures and autumn colors and hundreds of styles that compliment your fall wardrobe. The best part, when you buy Toms, you help make a difference in the lives of others. Together, we've positively impacted over 100 million people to date. And we're just getting started. Shop all your fall family footwear@toms.com.


What does it feel like to get the new iPhone 16 Pro with at and t? Next up, anytime. It's like when you first pick up those tongs and you are now the one running the grill, it's indescribable like something you've never felt before. All the mouthwatering anticipation of new possibilities, whether that's making a perfect cheeseburger or treating your family to a grilled baked potato, which You know will forever change the way they look at potatoes with at t. Next up, anytime you can feel this way again and again, learn how to get the new iPhone 16 Pro with Apple Intelligence on at t and the latest iPhone every year with at t. Next up, anytime at t connecting changes everything. Apple Intelligence coming fall 2024 with Sirn device language set to us English. Some features and languages will be coming over the next year. $0 offer may not be available on future iPhones. Next up, anytime Feature may be discontinued at any time, subject To change additional fees, terms and restrictions, apply to att.com/iphone For details.


Hey, it's Meet Tyler, both open Air Words or stylish. The color. It looks almost like a earring. I feel like it could go with anything. The music I'm making right now feels like a holiday. I wanna look like it too. Check out bs.com for more.


High Five Casino. High five Casino is a social casino with real prizes and Big Vegas hits@highfivecasino.com. The hottest games right from Vegas and all winnings. Go straight to your bank account, hundreds of exclusive games, free daily rewards, and come back to get free coins every four hours. Only at high five. casino.com. High five Casino is a social casino, no purchase necessary void, book prohibited. Play responsibly terms and condition supply. See website for details at high, the number five casino.com. High five casino.


Just a few years ago, only 3% of domestic violence shelters accepted pets, meaning many abuse survivors had to choose between staying in a difficult situation for their pet or leaving their pet behind. One in three women and one in four men experience domestic abuse in their lifetime. And nearly half of survivors delay leaving because they can't bring their pets with them. Purina believes in the healing power of pets, particularly for survivors of abuse. They believe pets and people are better together, which is one of the many reasons they started the Purple Leash project. Through the Purple Leash project. Purina is helping break down one of the many barriers abuse survivors face. The lack of pet-friendly domestic violence shelters. Purina has helped increase the amount of pet-friendly shelters across the country from 3% to nearly 20% through the Purple Leash project. With more pet friendly domestic violence shelters survivors and their pets can escape and heal together. Visit purina.com/purple to get involved.


I dunno if I'll go to the house anyway. Like why that strange? Yeah. Well, I don't know. My husband, he's like, why are you avoiding the houses with signs? Because there's a lot of trunk signs in Georgia in some of the neighborhoods. And I was like, I'm not avoiding them. They don't have their porch light on. But yeah, I just noticed that they weren't giving out candy and probably because they knew that they had their signs in their yard. So they were just like sensitive to the fact that You know they've got a sign and they really didn't wanna give out candy or whatever. So I don't know. I just found it to be true voting or being here in Georgia. Okay. That's The thing. Like people were ignoring houses with Trump signs last night.


I have no Idea. I know, I We didn't give out no candy last night. Well, you didn't give out no candy. Hell no. I wasn't even at home. I wasn't home. You went Trick or treating. Yeah, I went trick or treating. Okay. Yeah. But but we didn't give out no candy at the house. Yeah. I wasn't even home. I was my kids. We went to other people's house. Mm. By the way, the way my anxiety set up, I, I don't like people just coming to my door all the time. Like, I don't like that. Like And I know it's Halloween, but it's like, I don't like that. I don't like that. So no, I'm not the house that gives out candy. Yeah, I'm with, I'm with Harlem, man. I I didn't even open the gate, but get it off your chest. 805 8 5 1 0 5 1. Now we got just with the mess with Lauren Roller coming up. We Do. And yesterday it finally happened. It has been Rule Young Thug will be released. So we are gonna get into the breakdown of everything that went down yesterday in court with him.


Okay, We'll get into that. Next. It's The. Breakfast. Club. Good morning The. Breakfast Club. Morning everybody. It's CJNV. Just hilarious. Charlemagne the guy. We are The Breakfast. Club. Let's get to Jess with the mess with Lauren LaRosa Scheme Moore just don't do no lying. She don't nobody. World mess on The. Breakfast Club. A coaches Lauren. Lauren And. I got the Mess. Talk to me.


Alright y'all. So I had teased that Young Thug was going to be released. Young Thug is free. So the jail records for Fulton Fulton County Jail, which is where he was being held, have him released as of 10 31, 20 24. And he had been booked in May of 2022. Now this has been noted as one of the longest trials in Georgia State history. And it has finally come to an end. Yesterday, yesterday, thug and his team, along with the judge, they were able to come to an agreement on a plea deal. So originally what happened, they were trying to come up with this plea deal between thug's, team and the prosecution. But they couldn't come to a, like a middle point. So the judge got involved and said, okay, he's gonna plead no contest, which, and then the judge will be able to make the final decision.


So what happened is, and because of that, the state recommended that thug get a 45 year sentence. They wanted 25 years in prison and 20 years of probation. Now, originally thug had pleaded not guilty in 2022 when he was first arrested. But because he decided to plead guilty to certain things in this, here's what he ended up with. So he pled no contest to conspiracy to violate the Rico Act and leading a criminal street gang and guilty to everything else. Now he is looking at a 40 year sentence, but this is how it's gonna break down. So it's 15 years of probation. He got five years of time served. Now if he messes up at any point on that probation, there's a back load at 20 years that he will instantly have to serve. 20 Years In prison. Yes. 20 years. Now. The judge in court had some words for thug and she was basically just telling him like, look, I'm giving you the chance to get out here.


Be better, be around better people do better things. And Thug had, thug has some words to say in response to her. And. I, take a listen. I take full responsibility for my crimes or my charges. I wanna say sorry to my family, my mom, my managers, my kids. Really everybody that got something to do with this situation. I wanna say sorry for just like being, having so much time investing into this. I am a, a smart guy, am a good guy. And I really got a good heart. I I find myself in a lot of stuff because I was just nice or cool. You can't be that way when you reach a certain height because it could end bad. The choice is yours is up to you. I hope that you allow me to go home today and, and just trusting, just do the right thing and never see you again unless it's out of this type of situation.


I promise you I won't ever be in this type of situation again. I've learned from my mistakes, I'm sorry, through these last two and a half years of my life. You are really the best thing that has happened to me because you made made everything fair for me. And. I. Just hope that you find in your heart to allow me to go home. Drop on the clues, bombs for Young Thug. I mean man, you hear the brother holding himself responsible. You hear the brother taking accountability. You know what I want Jeffrey to do. Immediately ask the judge if he can go away to some type of wellness retreat. Like go get his mind and spirit. Right? Like if That would be amazing. Yes. If he has any You know substance abuse issues that he needs to deal with, like go away and really, really get that help and You know, go do something.


Go go deal with that trauma that you've been experiencing the last two and a half years to, to help you readjust to being back because You know they wanna violate you. Yeah, yeah, absolutely. You know and 15 years is a long time. He has a lot of conditions that we are gonna get into. And and also too in the court, we didn't, 'cause his speech was kind of long so we didn't play the whole thing. But he also apologized to his mom, his kids and just You know everyone that has had to take the time to be invested in this and, and You know, let them know we will never get back here again. Now when we talk about that 15 years release, it is very important that he follows all of the rules that the judge is giving him because she made it very clear they're not gonna take it lightly on him. If he does not, there's a lot of conditions. So I'm just gonna touch on a few of them. He has a certain amount of time, I believe it's like 24 to 48 hours to vacate the metro Atlanta area. And once he vacates, he cannot be back in the metro Atlanta area unless he is there for a wedding, a funeral, a graduation.


And then his lawyer asked could they add an immediate family member serious medical condition because You know all his family, his kids are in Atlanta, he is able to come to Atlanta. But he like, he could be there for 24 hours and must leave 24 hours after if he's having to work. Yeah. What the judge also asked that he does a lot of community things. She's, she mentioned four times a year each year of his probation he must do something anti-gang like presentation. And she said that it can be a live show. How Could I do community things if I can't go to my community though? I mean, he allowed to go for certain things. He go for certain Things. He can get approved for certain things. He just can't be there. Like hanging out. Got you got. And of course, no contact with any of the members that were defendants in this case.


No contact with any members of any street gangs. He's not allowed to You know anything that can be misinterpreted as gang language, gang, gang signs, anything. He cannot do any of that. No contact with the victims of any family or the family of any victims involved in a case. He can be around like licensed security guards with firearms. But of course now he's a convicted felon. So he can't be around, he can't have guns himself. They're gonna do random drug screenings. His persons can randomly be searched. So he waived his forth amendment. So anytime they can pop up and and conduct searches, he can travel in and outta the state in the country. Because she said in court, I understand that that's what you do for work and to make your money. But there just has to be a conversation. There's gonna be conditions around that condition.


Correct. And I will say, I've, I've watched a lot of trials like this. And this judge was very, very fair at this point. There was one point in time where the prostitution came in. Prostitution, pro prosecution came in and said, it's not fair that he gets to plead no contest to the heavier weight of the charges when we've been here. And the, and the state has taken all this time. And the judge said that's not his fault and I'm not gonna make him have to do that. If he's willing to take on all these conditions and plead guilty to what he's gonna plead guilty to at this point. I think it's fair that we do that. And I will say too, his judge, What if we find out that judge got so much young thug on her playlist? I will say She is an upstanding. She's I upstanding citizen. She She Did her thing about making it fair. Sha has six kids. And, I'm happy he's home to see those kids.


But You know something you said earlier. Charlamagne And I was talking about last night. I wonder if Thug will be able to perform his old songs Oh. Of his old, old songs. He's talking the Swing and the, and the You know the quote unquote gang stuff in his songs. But, but that's how he would make his money. Like that's his catalog. He can't, he can't. He Better, he better bleep stuff out. And I. Honestly, if I was him, I wouldn't even play them games. He asked in court as well, can he be able to work with his brother and gunna, which was a big deal. Oh, that Gunna Apology tour gonna be so hilarious. Make the new music. We we know, we know we we can play your old songs for you. Okay. I don't even want him to play no games with nothing. I will say too, last night Mariah Scientists was here in New York with Lotto And. I was like, I wonder what she gonna say on stage. 'cause this all happened that she was coming out.


Sis got on stage and said, let's wrap this up and let me get on that jet. She trying to get back to her men. Okay. She held him down. SLU Mariah, scientist Jeffrey has the opportunity to do so much good in the community and when you get blessed with this kind of second chances for a reason. So I'm very, very intrigued to see what he does in the future. And I'm rooting for him to do all the right things because You know them. People wanna violate the stipulations that probation and You know. Those folks gonna be on your ass. So please do the right thing. And can I let my NN word talk for just a minute? Go ahead. Yep. I know what I'm about to say is some straight up group chat foolishness. Let it fly. But I need the record to show that Young Thug gotta be one of the top five realist street rappers ever. Yes. At least top three at this point. I don't know what this man has done or has not done as far as the discreet is concerned, but I do know he got jammed up for it and didn't say a word.


Held it everybody in their mama was testifying in Jeffrey. That's right. They was pointing him him out to be the leader of this organized crime family. Yep. And that man didn't say a damn thing, not a tweet, not a statement. Nothing. The nigga in me is impressed. I'm not gonna lie to you. Yeah. And I told Embody at this morning. I said I ain't, I know he had to be at some point crying to him himself. Nah, he But you ain't seen not narrating in that. Shut up. He got an attorney and And I. I hope it works out For Jeffrey. Hey man. Also too, I gotta get that same energy to YFN Lucci 'cause that brother been jammed up for a minute and hasn't said a word either. And him and Thug You know from what we've been told are mortal enemies. And they didn't even tell on each other. No. So according to the laws of the street, they supposed to get statues. I can't. Yes. Yeah, They right.


Can't wait For the music. Can't wait For the music to the statues. Okay. I don't know where you're gonna put the statues, but yeah, you're absolutely Right. Just don't have no signs in it. Can't In Metro Atlanta. Can't Metro Atlanta. But y'all better build something for him on Cleveland Street. Okay. He'll never see it. He may not ever see it and see it on social media. Take pictures. I'm just saying according to the laws of the street. Correct. They supposed to get Statues. That's Right. Then shout the thug. All right, well that is just with the mess with Lauren LaRosa. Now when we come back, we got front page news. Morgan Wood will be joining us. It's The Breakfast. Club. Good morning. Morning everybody. It's DJ Envy. Just hilarious. Charlamagne the guy. We are The Breakfast Club. Lauren LaRosa filling in for Jess. Now don't forget, Caden Mingo will be joining us this morning. Caden Mingo is a top 10 basketball player in high school right now.


And this morning at eight o'clock, he's gonna decide what college he's going to. All right. He's from Long Island, ESPN Ranks some top 10 as a garden. This morning on The Breakfast Club, he's gonna decide here live what school he's going to be going to. So make sure you tune in at eight o'clock and let's get in some front page news. Last night in sports, the Jets beat the Texas 2113. Do you see highlights of the game? Charlemagne? No. You didn't see the Jets player who got the touchdown but dropped the ball right before The touchdown? No You know what I was doing last night after, after I got back from Trick or treating And. I was laying on my heating pad. And I was watching some of the Megan Thee Stallion documentary. I ain't even watched No Sports. Oh yeah. Passed right by. It didn't care. I Actually fell asleep. I actually walking around with the kids. My Back was hurting. And I actually went To sleep. I fell asleep watching a documentary too.


Well good morning, Morgan. Good morning. Good morning. Hey y'all. Hey. Alright, so the countdown is on with election day Tuesday, November 5th, four days away. And on top of the front page news, making sure you exercise your right to vote. Okay, so before heading to Arizona, vice President Harris addressed comments former President Trump made recently about protecting women. Quote, whether they like it or not. Now didn't that lady just tell you stop centering Trump stories? Here you go. Here you go. Morgan, the woman just called up here. She sure did. And but this one's a, this one's about Harris though, and her comments and how she responded to Trump. So let's hear more from VP Harris on protecting women. It's just, it actually is, I think, very offensive to women in terms of not understanding their agency, their authority, their right and their ability to make decisions about their own lives, including their own bodies.


And this is just the latest on a series of reveals by the former president of how he thinks about women and their agency. So Harris held rallies in the southwest swing states of Nevada and Arizona. Before taking the stage in Arizona, she talked about not belittling voters for their choice while also slamming Donald Trump. Here's what she had to say, Harris on Trump. I do not believe in And. I will speak for myself, that we should ever criticize people based on who they vote for. He's someone who talks full time about the enemy within he speaks ill of of America. He refers to us as a a garbage can. Exhausted with his rhetoric, exhausted with that approach, exhausted with an approach that Donald Trump has that's trying to divide our country and have Americans point fingers at each other.


That's what I'm talking about. That's why I don't understand why they even let him pull up in the garbage truck and try to change the narrative and try to harp on whatever it is. President Biden said about You know the supporters of the Trump whatever being trashed, whatever it was, because he literally says the same type of rhetoric. He called America a garbage can a week ago. Right? He troll You know that. All right? Yeah. Well actually VP Harris, she took the stage in Arizona saying that she will fight for the American people. Let's hear those comments from VP Harris In this election. We have an opportunity to turn the page on a decade of Donald Trump trying to keep us divided and afraid of each other.


We're done with that. We're exhausted with that. And it is my pledge to you that if you give me the chance to fight on your behalf as president, there is nothing in The World that will stand in my way. Yeah. So Harris has been endorsed recently. Of course, bill Clinton, former president Bill Clinton has taken the, has been on the campaign trail for her. Hillary Clinton will be in Tampa this upcoming weekend for her. LeBron James. He took the social media to endorse her saying, when I think about my kids and my family and how they will grow up, the choice is clear to me. So she's been receiving a lot of endorsements. Also the Avengers, which I thought was kind of cool. The Avengers are assembling again to endorse VP Harris for President Robert Downey Jr.


Chris Evans, mark Ruffo, Scarlett Johansson and Moore, they all took to social media to endorse the VP for president. Yeah. Okay. Alright, well switching gears, you guys we're on verdict Watch right now. The jury is deliberating in the Brett Hankinson trial. That's the former Louisville police officer who is in his second civil rights trial. For his actions during the botched raid, say her name, at Breonna Taylor's apartment in 2020, the first civil rights trial ended in a deadlock jury. And he was previously acquitted of state charges. Jurors asked questions on the court of the court as to whether Taylor was a living victim at the time.


Hankinson fired shots into her apartment. The defense brought up the possibility that Taylor was already dead during closing arguments. Now Hankinson faces several rights violations for firing into the apartments of Taylor and her next door neighbor. Those wanton charges, again, the former officer could face life in prison if convicted and bringing things home quickly to New York. Mayor Adams, he's expected to return to federal court today for his bribery and fraud case. Lawyers for the mayor are asking that the charge against Adams be dropped. Those bribery charges be dropped. They say prosecutors have yet to prove there was any quid pro quo in the matter. Prosecutors have claimed that Adams took luxury travel from Turkish officials and exchange for smoothing the way the new Turkish consulate to be built in New York City.


Now Adams has pled not guilty to those corruption charges, but we will see what happens in court today. Alright, y'all happy November 1st. It's now Gobble Gobble season. Right? That's your front page, Morgan Wood, follow me on social at Morgan Media. And for more news coverage, follow at Black Information Network down with free iHeartRadio App and visit us@bnews.com. Thank you Morgan. Thank you Morgan. All right. Now when we come back, Naori Norton Lewis and Maurice Mitchell will be joining us. Maurice Mitchell is the National Director of the Working Families Party, and we're gonna talk to them next. So don't go anywhere. It's The. Breakfast. Club. Good morning, The. Breakfast Club. Morning everybody. It's DJ Envy.


Jess hilarious Charlamagne guy. We are The Breakfast Club. Jess is on maternity leave. So Lauren LaRosa is filling in and we got some special guests in the building. We have Naori Norton and Maurice Mitchell. Welcome. How y'all feeling? Welcome Welcome to Turnon Lewis. Don't forget my last name. Lewis. They didn't put Lewis. I'm sorry. Ms. Lewis. Oh yeah. They didn't put my name put. Put Lewis Now no Respect on that name. Respect on my married name. Respect On our damn name. Lewis, How y'all feeling? This Energy? Everything good? Oh, everything's Good. Can't Complain. Blessed. Blessed. So happy to be here. I know we're less than a week until election day or something, man. I'm a couple Days. Yeah. Crazy. The work at Families Party. Maurice, you're the national director. Yeah, And I. Remember Jill Stein brought y'all up when she was here on The.


Breakfast. Club. Is that an accurate representation? I get excited when people have our names in their mouth, right? Because generally that means we're doing that work. We're putting in work and the Working Families party for, for those of you that may not know what we do, we're what happens where everyday people come together, people who aren't picked from the political establishment. We come together and we demand a seat at the agenda setting table, right? Because we're talking about elections, but it's really about setting agendas and building agendas. And so when people are looking they, they say like, well, You know I'm fed up with this party or that party. We want something else. We're that something else. And. I like to say that we're a non delusional, grassroots third party. Pretty good now. And so what that means is You know we cook what we have in the kitchen, right?


So I, I grew up working class, right? And You know I can't always have money to buy a gourmet meal, but it, I'll, I'll look what we have in the kitchen. I'll make a gourmet meal. Right? And so we run people as independent WFP people sometimes when we can, if there's a path to win. Like for example, how many of You know who Tisch James is? Absolutely. Okay. What you may not know is that Attorney General. That's right. She started as a independent working families candidate in 2003 and worked her way up to becoming Attorney General. She was a a lawyer, she was a public defender and a consumer protection lawyer. And the political establishment wanted nothing to do with her. The white establishment, the black establishment, the Democratic Party establishment.


And we joined forces with her. And historically we defeated the Republicans and Democrats and got her elected as a city council person. Right? Not too far from here in Brooklyn. I remember I'm from New York. I remember in New York when we had a Republican governor, a Republican mayor, Republicans of the state Senate. It was through the Working Families Party. People talk about down ballot races, right? Actually focusing on down ballot races so that in city council and in state legislatures, we moved the establishment closer to the people so we could deliver on a $15 minimum wage. So the Working Families Party is about putting results down for everyday working people. What got you involved with the Working Family Party? nato? Well, amen to everything Maurice said.


What got me involved is really just my passion for politics. I went to Seton Hall for Political Science and You know they reached out to me and my husband too and was like, look, how can we get involved? And really it was just a natural, I think organic relationship. I am really You know, big in Jersey, big in my community. And then You know doing things for the pushback was how we kind of first initially connected. And the pushback just made me honestly more aware of Project Did You know


There's no Tom at Tom's. The shoe company You know and love our name reflects our commitment to creating better tomorrows this season embrace cozy comfort with Tom's, the family favorite footwear brand from Chic boots and everyday sneakers to wedges. And our iconic all for forgot slip bombs. Each pair of Toms is crafted with premium comfort. At its core, our cloud bound insoles provide exceptional cushion, perfect for morning meetings, farmer's markets, and quiet moments at home. Enjoy features like ankle padding, cozy foer linings, and wide width options. So you can always feel like you're walking on Clouds Made for play. Our Kids Line offers extra traction and easy on, easy off detailing. A win for them. A win for you. Explore rich textures and autumn colors and hundreds of styles that compliment your fall wardrobe. The best part. When you buy Toms, you help make a difference in the lives of others. Together we've positively impacted over 100 million people to date and we're just getting started. Shop all your fall family footwear@toms.com.


Hey, it's me, Tyler, both open earbuds or stylish. The color. It looks almost like a earring. I feel like it could go with anything. The music I'm making right now feels like a holiday. I wanna look like it too. Check out boz.com for more.


High Five Casino. High five. Casino is a social casino with real prizes and Big Vegas hits at high five. casino.com. The hottest games right from Vegas and all winnings. Go straight to your bank account hundreds of exclusive games, free daily rewards, and come back to get free coins every four hours. Only at high five. casino.com. High five Casino is a social casino. No purchase necessary void. Were prohibited. Play responsibly terms and condition supply. See website for details at high, the number five casino.com I five casino.


Just a few years ago, only 3% of domestic violence shelters accepted pets, meaning many abuse survivors had to choose between staying in a difficult situation for their pet or leaving their pet behind. One in three women and one in four men experience domestic abuse in their lifetime and nearly half of survivors delay leaving because they can't bring their pets with them. Purina believes in the healing power of pets, particularly for survivors of abuse. They believe pets and people are better together, which is one of the many reasons they started the Purple Leash project. Through the Purple Leash project. Purina is helping break down one of the many barriers abuse survivors face. The lack of pet friendly domestic violence shelters. Purina has helped increase the amount of pet friendly shelters across the country from 3% to nearly 20% through the Purple Leash project. With more pet friendly domestic violence shelters, survivors and their pets can escape and heal together. Visit purina.com/purple to get involved.


You could sit there and listen to ads or you could take a moment to have a Diet Coke break. First, grab a chilled diet Coke. 'cause if you want it to be perfect, it needs to be crispy. Next, get a big cup of ice. 'cause everyone knows Diet Coke is best served swimming and ice. Then sip it slowly, feel that burn and enjoy your break for as long as possible. When you need a break, don't forget to grab an ice cold Diet Coke and take a Diet Coke break 2025


and how I needed to use my voice. So we went to Philly, we've been canvassing, knocking on doors, going to people, making sure that early voting is happening. So really just getting involved was a natural organic relationship. And I'm glad that working families is using the culture You know because of influence that we have. I wanted to get involved and it's been making, I think making a difference. But y'all Pushing for the vp, right? Y don't have your own candidate. We independent third party. And look, we tell the people the truth. So if we can't find a Path so they can decide, right? Right. So if we can't find a path to victory, right? Because one of the ways to to define a party is like parties organized, winning. And one way to evaluate a party is to ask what is your path to victory?


And what is your strategy? If we don't see a path to victory, we don't waste our people's time, money, and energy. We could not see a way for us to run a candidate from the WFP at the top of the ticket. So what we did, it is a binary choice. Anybody that's telling you yeah, that on Tuesday, anybody but Donald Trump or Kamala Harris are gonna win that election are either lying to you or they don't know the basics of civics in this country. So when we saw this binary, oh, you just pissed off the Green Party Jillstein. That's the first person I started when you said that. No, I mean, look, You know lying. My job as a organizer is to tell the truth, right? And this isn't directed at anybody in particular. This is just the truth between now and election day. It is a binary choice.


Either the VP or Donald Trump will get elected. And the thing that I want to say and how it comes back to the pushback, because the pushback is a project of our sister organization Working Families Power. It's a public education program, pun intended, right? Yeah, yeah, yeah. Pun intended. And it's designed because what, look, I want us, I wanna go back to the RNC. How many people remember the RNC and remember seeing Sister Amber Rose on on stage, right? Of course. Okay. The reason why that concerned me is that I think we could all agree that she was able to establish herself. She was able to feed her family. She was able to become a celebrity through our culture. Right? Could we all agree that that's true? Absolutely. Okay. So I'm a student of history.


I know that black culture has always been a force to tell the truth, to speak. Truth to power has always played that role. And I also know that when folks in our culture have had the ability, had the privilege to rise to the highest levels and been able to establish themselves and have celebrity and have a little money in their pocket that they always established, they kept that relationship between them and the streets. Everyday working class black and brown people. And so even though you could maybe vote for a candidate that will give you a tax cut and benefit you, 'cause you're in a certain tax bracket, you remember the people that brought you there. Exactly. You remember your aunties and uncles and cousins. That's right.


And so there's a, and we can't Leave those people behind. Yes. The average American working American, the the real people. And that's also, again, what makes me so passionate about, about the work of working families. And Maurice and his team You know it just makes sense to reach back, just like you said, You know I may have made it to a certain point, but I still look at people from East Orange or from certain inner cities, Newark, New Jersey, and make sure that they know we care and we see you. And that's hopefully what will inspire people to vote for. Whoever you feel like is gonna bring the change that is needed. But we all You know, I know how I feel. And I just as a woman, as a black woman You know.


I'm very excited to, to see You know America do what they Gotta do. Exactly. And what you saying About Amber Rules, what I was gonna say is like I feel like there's three categories of people who are currently violating code and you have 50 cent on recently. Right? Okay. And I. Remember he said that they No wanna say this? No, I wanna bring it up because No, no. Listen, because look, look, he spilled the tea. They wanted to offer him the bag. $3 million. To his credit, he denied the bag. Right? He denied the bag right. Twice. Right. He's smart. So, right. And so there's three categories.


People who have accepted the bag, which means they don't believe any of this. Mm. Right. They're willing to swallow their pride and accept a white supremacist agenda for the bag. Then there's people who actually believe in the agenda and they're taking the bag. Yeah. Yeah. And I. Think the third category to me is this is the saddest life. You're not even getting the bag and you're so thirsty for their approval that you're willing to use your platform, use your voice in order to advance the Billionaire Extremist agenda. The Project 2025 agenda. Because like elections are not about Oh, the Orange Crazy Man. And what he says and the black lady, right. Elections are about the future. Elections are about agendas, which is why we're so focused on the public education around Project 2025.


Because on one side is the Project 2025 agenda. And then there's been been people who said like, well I don't believe Donald Trump read Project 2025. Exactly. That's the point of Project 2025. Mm. Alright. We have more with Notori Norton Lewis and Maurice Mitchell when we come back. So don't move. It's The. Breakfast Club. Good morning. Morning everybody. It's DJ DJ Envy. Just hilarious. Charlamagne. God. We are The Breakfast Club. Laura LaRosa filling in for Jess. We're still kicking it with Notori Norton Lewis and Maurice Mitchell. He's the National Director of the Working Families Party. Lauren, I have two questions for you. Okay. You said, and you don't have to talk about this if you're not comfortable, but you, you just said that you struggled with the thoughts of abortion. Yes. Why? Like what, what? Well, no, I just, I wasn't sure that I wanted to have my first child.


I never really talked about this, but essentially, I, I think that when I was shooting power, I became pregnant. It was an unexpected pregnancy. And I'm super blessed. My daughter Zuri is amazing. And, I'm so glad she's here. But in all honesty, I, I wrote and directed my first short film. It's called 3 2 3. And it's about somewhat an experience that I had and also the mental anguish of making that choice. Mm. And I wanted to use film as a way to give women and people, and there's Men You know I have Burgundy Baker who stars in it from the shy, John, Clarence Stewart, Vanessa Bell Calloway. And this film 3, 2, 3 just gives us a chance to look at the issue of abortion in not a politicized way Yeah.


But in a human way. Yeah. And deal with, so my experience just made me realize, like even me, even though I was on a hit show, this is season four and Power was at its height. I didn't know if I could be a good mother. And I wasn't sure if I would be enough. I didn't know if I was gonna make enough money. I didn't know if the show was gonna get canceled. Like there was so many things I didn't know if I was gonna get married. You know And I. I didn't, I became a single mom very quickly. So You know until I met my husband when my daughter was almost two. I wasn't really sure. So I'll, I'll just say that. That's what I channeled those emotions. And that's also why women's rights and reproductive rights is so important. Yeah. To me at this time. So yeah.


3, 3, 3. The ascended Masters are right by your side assisting you with whatever it is that you're focusing on. That's Why Yeah. 3, 3, 3. And it's also just this interesting. Yeah. There's so much power in those numbers. And you'll see like when you see my film, which will be out next year in festivals, but essentially it is completion and also what you focus on, it will come. So whatever your choice is, don't feel haunted by that. And just be able to go forth and focus on the future. And that's what my film is about. You talked about earlier, people wanting people to know you outside of power. Yeah. And when he brought up 50 earlier, you were like, oh my God, I didn't even want that to come up. And you Knew that was coming up though, but that man just left here a couple days ago.


Yeah. You know you. So you talked to Alia from TMZ and, and that clip was everywhere. Yeah. Your response to 50 cent, Your Response to 50 cent, That was, that wasn't the tour. Your response to 50 You know, You know and what he was saying up here about Omar and you basically saying like, Omar was ghost, ghost was power. So you didn't agree with what 50 said up here. That picked up everywhere. And did you, you regret saying that? Is that why you were like, oh my God, or Oh, I don't regret saying anything that I say in most cases, but I, I think that You know, I was just being honest. You know and it's no, no Shade to 50. He has his feelings. And, I don't know all of the issues that went down, like I said in that interview.


But I think overall, I was just trying to express that You know power was something that started this whole journey of creating Stars. The Stars app. And I'm grateful for the opportunity and 50 and Courtney gave me that opportunity. So You know at the end of the day, I know that there's politics involved in their positions as well. So I, I respect 50, but I also have to honor what Omar Hardwick brought to the table. And all I said in that interview was that You know, I feel like he is kind of a staple in the power world, that we can never undervalue him either. So I just think that as people, particularly as black people, I'll just say this as black people, we have to remember to be okay with valuing each other.


Mm. And really celebrate those moments when we get to a plateau or high moment in our careers. Even in your field, You know you guys negotiate and do deals because You know your worth. Yeah. And there's always gonna be somebody who tells you, ah, nah, you not worth that. You shouldn't. And that's debatable. And that's not for me to say what money he should. That's, I'm not in anybody's You know checks. I, I focus on my check. But know Your power pun Intended. Know your power and also know your worth. And it's okay to push for You know what you feel you're worth. That's all You know. I wanted to ask, we had Mickey and Taraji said the same thing. So this is You know it's all relative. We Had Mickey Guyton up Appear Country singer. Oh yes. Was she a member of three LW?


She, yes. I, so I forgot that Mickey was the first member of three LW until Adrian And I recently Reunited. Reunited. And Adrian sent me a picture of them with Mickey and she was singing the Nashville. And then I was like, oh my gosh. That's right. 'cause they told me there was a country, she was a girl. She wasn't a country artist then, but I think she lived somewhere. And then she, her parents pulled her out of the group. And I think that's how I wound up getting an audition for, but I had forgotten I was 15. So Adrian remembered and reminded me, and then I was like, I wanna meet her one day. I mean, we've never met. She's so dope. Her voice is crazy. Dope. But how I was thinking, like at that time I was like, girl, you dodged a bullet.


But, but because she has her own career. But at the end of the day, I think I, I I'm happy that You know whatever happened with three LW it was supposed to happen that way. And here I am today. How does the reunion feel? 'cause now y'all both are moms. I know. And you guys kind of have, I know you have a shared experience that none of us will ever understand good and bad. Isn't it crazy? How does that feel to me? And Adrian talk about, like, we need to probably talk about this in a formal setting, but I'm very grateful that we are reunited. She's a mom, she's a wife. And I'm, I'm, it's almost like that life brings us closer together. Although there was so much tension in that time period, we look back and actually say, oh, we remember when that happened. Oh girl. Like, this is what I was thinking back then. Or and it actually brings us closer.


I'm so happy for her now. I mean, we, we, we actually invite each other to each other's homes. And she was at my baby shower. I, it's just unbelievable that someone that You know I didn't think I would ever speak to again, is now my friend. Did y'all make any promises to each other that y'all would never like, have any charlamagne between Each other? You so messy child. No. I'm Did y'all make any promises to each other? We did not. No more. No more baby. I'm gonna do Right? I'm not even, no. We just continue to support each other. And. I. Don't talk to the eth lady. But will that never happened? You achie in and You know God is good and look at what he's done all the time and in my life. Never say never. You just can never say never.


So you're open to it. God is good. Okay. All The time talking about you and Adrian. Like You know, pro You know prompting to never have any issues between each other. I should smack him. Really should. Like this is what I shoulda did to You wanna throw this at here, throw this at I have these over here just in case all the time. But yeah, no. So I wanted to ask Maurice and Yeah. One of the biggest misconceptions, like, 'cause you said something earlier that I was very important pointing about voting. Yeah. You have to be an informed voter. Absolutely. And one of the bigger things I hear people say is if you try to talk to 'em about policy, like, well the economy was better. Oh God, under Trump and it's better under Republicans.


I learned this in the last couple of months. That's just been a false narrative all of these years that I don't know why we, we, we believed it. This is, this is misinformation and disinformation. Donald Trump inherited the Obama economy. So whatever economy that you remember when Donald Trump came into office, that was the Obama economy. Again, to me, the Obama economy's the floor. I'm, I'm, I'm with working families. I, I I want an economy that, that in many ways focuses directly on the interest of, of labor unions in ways that we still are trying to get to. But the Obama economy was generating jobs month after month after month. So, so he get, he inherited that and then people don't remember. But if you remember four years ago we were under Covid.


Millions of jobs were lost. Right. People were sheltered in place. And some people say like, well You know that was Covid. But presidents will face untold crises. Covid happened to be his crisis. What happened when that man faced that cri, he unraveled talking about injecting bleach and his own health officials say that hundreds of thousands of people lost their lives That didn't have to because the man couldn't keep it together. Alright, Well lot more. We have more with Notator Norton Lewis and Maurice Mitchell. When we come back it's The, Breakfast Club. Good morning. Morning everybody. It's Djj nd Jess. Hilarious. Charlamagne the guy. We are The Breakfast Club. Laura LaRosa filling in for Jess. We're still kicking it with the Tory Norton Lewis and Maurice Mitchell, the National director of the Working Families Party.


Now Maurice, can I tell you what I noticed? The problem is though a lot of people don't have the time to do the research to see if the things that they're researching is right. Right. I'm gonna tell you. Absolutely. Absolutely. I Mean getting it from Just a Swipe, I'm watching The World series, right? Yeah. And they're playing ads and people don't know if those ads are real or fake. Right? That's correct. So if you work a nine to five or you have two jobs, you come home, you say You know what, I'm gonna turn on The World series while I cook for my kids. And you watching these ads, you don't know what to believe or not. Absolutely. And most people don't know that a lot of those ads are full of Yes. And and or when they go online, a lot of the stuff that they're looking for is false. Yeah. So how do people know what's real or what's not? I mean they put an A with me and Charlemagne on there. Oh yeah. And sounds Oh I saw That. Oh listen.


But You know what's funny When you saw that you thought your brother sold you out. No, no. Well no. I was just like, this is crazy. And Charlemagne, I know how You know political, we did the movie 88 together, which was a political thriller about these very issues. Yeah. In the election and, and just super pacs. So it's funny because everything you said is so true. Like they You know you don't know and people don't often have time. So what I wanna say to add to what you said and Maurice said is that You know we are just swiping through social media and that's the only maybe quick in a hurry. It's like fast food. Right? That's right. And fast food You know you gotta just eat 'cause you gotta eat. That's right. Sometimes you don't have time to, or you may not have the resource or the money to go get a real meal.


So, but you gotta eat right. So I'm gonna go ahead and get this burger or hopefully it is real meat, I don't know. But I'm digesting something that I'm not really sure is right or good for me. And even true. Right? Yeah. And that's why I encourage everybody because I believe that the ultimate antiseptic to these lies, it's not just better information because we need better information. It's relationships. Right. Because if I have a trusted relationship with you and that's true. You are spouting this, I could be like, yo, alright envy, let me actually share with you what's up. And we could have a conversation because we trust each other. Other and You know, when we were in Philly we had an amazing closed door conversation with working class black men.


And we were having real talk in a Barbershop. We barber, we went to a barbershop and just sat You know my husband was really a part of that conversation and all these men sat and talked. I was really observing 'cause You know as a woman I didn't wanna be in that conversation. 'cause I don't know what black men's struggles or what they're dealing with. But that was such a great thing that You know you guys and working families organize. 'cause people do need to just sit and talk to each other. That's right. But as a woman, what did you observe in that conversation that like a Kamala Harris and like You know her team is focusing on right now. Like You know what I mean? I think a lot of black men felt like You know, don't just pick me up and use me. Now. Some people did feel You know, even with Kamala Harris You know at the end of the day some people are feeling like, oh now y'all in in, in both parties.


Now y'all wanna focus on black men. Or now there's conversations about what? So there was a real You know some people are frustrated, some people are feeling You know discouraged. Some people were like, no You know they were educators and they were all talking. And my husband talked about You know the influence of the culture and they talked about Quavo and different people that are being utilized. But black men were feeling like, are we going to still matter when the election is over? Yeah. So how do we organize ourselves? And I think they were talking amongst themselves about what can we do to make sure we're not just used as a tool. That's right. That's right. Because for far too long, when it comes time to vote, they come, the parties come to us, they come to us, they come to us for so many, they come to our culture for everything.


Yeah. They come to our culture to make money. Yep. To start brands and to get, and to get people into these polls. And the day after, it's often crickets when it comes to our, to our agenda. Which is why we build organizations like the Working Families Party. So we could hold them all accountable. Right. And so to me, I thought it was historic. And so props to VP Harris for having a platform specifically for black men. Right. She didn't just create that after Barack Obama made those comments a week ago. No, no, no. She's been doing that. I know that she's been working on it. Right. But there's a narrative that it feels like it's just tapping. But that's not True. And that agenda to me is the floor You know props to black men Bill props to, to Phil Agnew and Black Men Bill and the and and the nine bars.


Right. There are all types of platforms for black men. Right. So I I'm happy that that, that that happened. I think it's historic to have a major candidate actually address our issues that shows we have power. Right. And also I wanted spill this misinformation that black men don't vote or black men don't vote for or or vote for black women. Or somehow we could lose the black men are engaged. That's right. Black men are very much engaged. There's one population of people who always vote on freedom more than anybody else. That's black women only rivaled by black men. That's right. Right. And so we just need to dispel that. All of this gender war stuff. Yep, yep. Yep. Any any information that's about dividing us in our community is information that is set upon by our enemies.


Yep. Who? Because they're afraid if we as black people come together and then the other thing that they're afraid of is when working class black people, Latino people and lu working class white people and native people and Asian people, we all come together. That's the thing that they are definitely afraid of rights. Why they killed Martin. Yes. I mean and that's exactly all the leaders and even in the culture, if you can bring people together through music, through through the arts, or through You know what you're, what you're speaking or your activism and literally that transcends color lines. And then before You know it, you have so much power that they can't control you. Because essentially power is freedom. That's right. And without freedom, You know that's where we all are fighting for.


And that's why voting now matters. 'cause we're fighting not just for power, we're fighting for freedom. Absolutely. And that's what's important to us. That's Right. How do they support your work, Marie? Okay, well if you wanna get in this work between now and election day, because we're still talking to voters, you can. So I encourage everybody to text the word power, pun intended. The 3 0 4 0 3 power to 3 0 4 0 3. You go to working families.org. I would love for you to join the Working Families Party if we're, for whatever reason, if you Wanna volunteer, go to the site. You know. Absolutely. You could volunteer, you could get on board. And if everything or anything I've said aligns with you, then congratulations. You already are a Working Families Party member.


You might as well make it official. Come on board and get this work because we're gonna be on the


Oh the places you'll go when you go in. Tom's the beloved family footwear brand that makes shoes for your moments that matter most. Over the years we've learned a thing or two about style and comfort weaving both together. Our fall collection includes hundreds of styles for women, men, and kids at great prices. We're talking boots, sneakers, wedges, loafers, blacks, and our iconic alpr goddess slip-ons, you name it, we've got it. Pair our sneakers with your favorite denim, seasonal boots with oversized sweaters and loper with boxy blazers. Our signature cloud bound insoles deliver exceptional cushioning for all day wear. The best part. When you buy Toms, you help make a difference in the lives of others. Together we've positively impacted over 100 million people to date. And we are just getting started. So slip in and step out to Pilates or school drop off playgrounds and dance class. Perfect. For date night or girls night, apple picking or game day, we are the brand to support the life you lead. Shop the full fall assortment now@toms.com.


What's up? It's me, Don Toliver. If I could describe the whole ultra open earbuds, I think I would describe it as very seamless. It can definitely be something that you can style. It's like earing candy. Check out bulls.com for


more. I five Casino High five Casino is a social casino with real prizes and Big Vegas hits at high five. casino.com. The hottest games right from Vegas. And all winnings. Go straight to your bank account. Hundreds of exclusive games, free daily rewards, and come back to get free coins every four hours. Only at high five. casino.com. High five Casino is a social casino. No purchase necessary void were prohibited. Play responsibly terms and condition supply. See website for details at high, the number five casino.com. High five casino.


Just a few years ago, only 3% of domestic violence shelters accepted pets. Meaning many abuse survivors had to choose between staying in a difficult situation for their pet or leaving their pet behind. One in three women and one in four men experience domestic abuse in their lifetime. And nearly half of survivors delay leaving because they can't bring their pets with them. Purina believes in the healing power of pets, particularly for survivors of abuse. They believe pets and people are better together, which is one of the many reasons they started the Purple Leash project. Through the Purple Leash project. Purina is helping break down one of the many barriers abuse survivors face. The lack of pet-friendly domestic violence shelters. Purina has helped increase the amount of pet-friendly shelters across the country from 3% to nearly 20% through the Purple Leash project. With more pet-friendly domestic violence shelters survivors and their pets can escape and heal together. Visit purina.com/purple to get involved.


You could sit there and listen to ads or you could take a moment to have a Diet Coke break. First, grab a chilled diet Coke. 'cause if you want it to be perfect, it needs to be crispy. Next, get a big cup of ice. 'cause everyone knows Diet Coke is best served swimming in ice. Then sip it slowly. Feel that burn and enjoy your break for as long as possible. When you need a break, don't forget to grab an ice cold Diet Coke and take a Diet Coke. Break


Streets in every major swing state. We're also for, for folks that might not know this, in California and in New York, there are swing districts, right? And so there are congressional districts. This is an opportunity to be able to make a difference there. And then if you vote in Connecticut and New York, we have a ballot line. And in New York you could vote row D on the Working Families party line. You could vote for Kamala Harris and Tim Wal. Not on the Democratic Party line, but on Row D, the Working Families Party line. Hmm. Why that is, why that's important is that you could say Yes, absolutely. I saw the hate rally at Madison Square Garden. I understand the assignment. I don't wanna vote that man in, I'm gonna vote for Kamala Harris and Tim Walls.


But I care about the fact that we need to focus our resources on education and healthcare and not on wars abroad. Right? Then you could vote on the Working Families party line, which says, this is my candidate choice, but this is also the agenda I vote on. And in those states you could do that. The Policies that you believe in and making sure that we take care of us at home and not just abroad. That's right. That's, we need people to support us here in America, in these cities. So that's right. That's also why we do what we do. That's Right. Notori Norton Lewis? Yes. Yes. Yes. Lauren Mitchell, thank you so much for joining us. We appreciate it. Thank y'all so much. It's The Breakfast. Club. Morning everybody. It's DJ Envy. Jess. Hilarious.


Charlamagne the guy. We are The Breakfast. Club. Let's get to Jess with the Mess with Laura. LaRosa News is real weather. H Jessica Robin Moore. Jess don't do no lying. Don, she don't spell nobody worldwide. Just worldwide mess on The. Breakfast Club. She's the coach. Lauren, Lauren back. And. I got the mess. Talk, Talk to me. So Meg de Stallion dropped her documentary in her own words on Amazon Prime. And in the documentary she talks about everything. It's like the, it it showcases the beginning of her career to where we see her today. The death of her mom, the Tory Lane shooting a a, her friendship with Kelsey.


A bunch of different stuff. I wanted us to start from the beginning. She goes into detail. 'cause I had known that Megan had lost her mom. I had known that her mom was dealing or like it was like a sudden sickness. But she actually gets more in detail about the moment that she found out her mom was sick. And then her, the passing of her mom was sick. Listen, My mama, she called me and she was like, man, I keep having my words. And she was like, I really think something is wrong. Like, I'm talking really slow. I feel funny. I need you to call 9 1 1. I don't wanna freak out 'cause I wanna freak her out. It was a tumor in her brain. And we was just like, damn, like how long this been going on? Like, and what does that mean? It's like she started giving me like a, a pep talk. Like she, like she knew something was about to happen her and then she started having back to back seizures that was like, she's just not responding.


Like I'm in shambles. And they had to like put her under, she was just, just brain dead. Like, so I stayed up there every day. I just was praying that she could just shake back from it. And once I realized she wasn't coming back, I was just like, damn, I can't keep up like this. So I had to make the decision to I guess pull the plug. She just passed like the next day. You know, I I went to sleep after her mother passed. But it wasn't just that her mother passed, like her mother was her world and everything. Her, her Best friend, her manager assistant, the court. And she was sitting in the court. You see her sitting in like with Megan practicing her dance? She like, no. She was teaching her her how to breathe on stage like it was, 'cause her mom used to rap. Locked 10. Yeah. Yeah. Her mom used to rap.


And you can see that her mother was living her dreams through Megan. So she was like the perfect everything for me. Yeah. Yeah. And, and when I saw that part, I thought like, man, like all this was happening when big old freak was getting big. This was 2019. Big old freak. Yep. Yeah. So she was like, You know things were moving for her and it was finally paying off and then this happens. And then after that was the shooting. The shooting happened. And so her mom passed away in March, 2019. And then she was shot in July, 2020 and she called it in the documentary, the worst year of her life. Now she does get into Tori. And that whole time explains her friendship, how they became friends. They bonded over the fact that they had both lost their mothers. And then she talks about sleeping with Tor Lane. I take a listen to that. I I used to be so confident in myself.


And I used to be it, it wouldn't have been a time where anybody would've asked me about somebody. And I would've been like You know. I would've been like, so okay, yeah I did that. I like to what about it? But the way like they have villainized me for being this type of person. It started to make me second guess myself. Yes bitch, I lied to Gayle King bitch first of, I ain't know that bitch was even Finn. Ask me about that. You always wanna talk about this shooting. Why'd you ask me about story? That's not what this is about. Even if I was, I like once, maybe twice on Drunk Night Bitch, you kept catching me outta my mind. I found myself consumed in the part. And I'm like, wait, this is not what this is about.


If my mom was here, I wouldn't be going through this. The World went crazy when that clip dropped online. Now people were arguing about this, about You know she's admitting that she's lying and how is she admitting that she's lying and he's sitting in jail and You know all of that. And Tori's team actually came out with a statement and said that the fact that Megan lied about her sexual relationship with Tori is obviously, it obviously makes her an unreliable witness. If someone lies in front of millions of people, how can you trust what they say any other time? And You know he's trying to appeal right now and they're saying that You know they're gonna include any false statements that were ever made by Megan. Now I will point out people were acting like she didn't get on stand and admit that she had slept with Tory the second day that she was testifying in court back when the trial was happening.


Yeah. It's not like she made, she made those statements, she made those false statements on the stand. That's a different story. But she didn't No, she talked about it in Court. That's what I just said. Oh, if she, if she didn't make those false statements on the stand Oh yeah. Yes. Then It don't matter. Yeah. So, but people were making it seem like this was a revelation that would like bring Tory home. I it it won't, it didn't help him when they were in court. So I, I don't know. But also too, I will say that in the documentary when she talks about Kelsey, 'cause people were also surprised that Kelsey was in the documentary. 'cause Kelsey, who used to be her best friend and assistant and her no longer speaks since all of the shooting stuff. I was like, wow. Her and Kelsey were also super, super close. Like Kelsey was around You know during the, the passing, in the time of her mom that been French for years, she kind of stepped into the place that Megan's mom was in at one point helping her on the road.


And then all that just ended. I know I said this before, but I was sitting there thinking like, she really don't have nobody, like her mom is not here, her dad is not here. She's not friends with Kelsey anymore. It's like, dang. So pe like I was I to go back up to the Tory thing real quick, I, I don't understand why people don't believe two things can be true. Her, like her having sex with Tory doesn't have anything to do with the shooting incident. Like I see everybody saying Meg lie. So they're trying to say if she lied about that and she lied about the shooting. I don't believe those two things have anything to do with each other. I think it's because it's the lying about sleeping with Tory. There was, she was not consistent in a lot of her statements about what happened. There was a lot of inconsistencies there. So people are basically saying like if you, if you talk about that in court, you're not a consistent witness.


It's, it's hard to pin somebody for something. Like she didn't Say well in court. She told the truth about sleeping with to she Did. But at the same time there was like even the detective said that a lot of things that she was saying in court were not consistent with what she told police prior to that. So Oh, gotcha. You know what I mean? Like they're just saying like, yo, how you believe her Inconsistency, I'm gonna be honest with you man, but I didn't really care. I was more concerned about her calling Gail King a bitch over and over like me respect your No as a girl. I mean it was a little No No, no, no. There ain't no as a girl, as a girl You know know. She just being like, no, no, no. That is your elder. Right. Okay. No it's different if y'all, I wouldn't say that if y'all the same age, I wouldn't say that. I understand. Not about that's your elder. No, I know. I'm not letting y'all get that. Nope, nope. That is your elder. So she Gotta come out with a apology for that Come with apology To her.


But my point is, I'm sitting there listening to it as a nice sovereign man. Like damn, why you keep calling Gail King a bitch over and over like you Like that's your home girl. She be in a Good chat. That ain't your little Friend. The first time I heard it was a little, it was like, oh that ain't Your little friend. Now Oprah Gonna hear this Girl that ain't your little friend. Now I do agree Gaillee handle business asking you that. Right. But that ain't your little Interview interview. That's Gail's job interviews. Interviews. Not really. She Didn't say disrespect, she was asking 'cause she was trying to see how close they were in that relationship. But that was also the rumor when That shooting happened. Also there was the rumor at the time was that her and Kelsey that was shooting, I don't even look at Gail as that type of interview or to ask her, but she was talking About the shooting and they were talking about how close they Were. It's not her being messy. It was relevant to the case. Yeah. I think It was relevant to why was it relevant to the case? Because the, the conversation at the time was that her and Kelsey were arguing over Tory because they both had been dealing with him.


It's definitely relevant and and that Kel and that Kelsey found out that out that Meg had slept with or had been with Tory. Yeah it Was definitely Relevant. Kelsey found out. Yeah, about Meg. So I, I don't understand why not XI don't care. Yeah. I just don't like her calling a bitch over and over. Respect your ELs. That's all. Alright, well that was just with the mess with Laura LaRosa charm man. Who you giving your donkey too? Listen. Four after the hour we need the Nugget Casino Resort in Reno, Nevada to come in front of the congregation. We like to have a word with them. Speaking, speaking of respecting your elders All. We'll get to that next it's The. Breakfast Club. Good morning The. Breakfast Club. Your mornings will never be the same. Be a ass charm. Some donkey things just sold themselves.


I been watching Char Man was ready. Forkey Donkey. I never heard on donkey other day. What is it? Donkey? Say it again. Charlamagne Donkey. You're a donkey. Donkey. Everything that Charlamagne is saying is true. Yeah, it's donkey today for Friday, November 1st goes to the Nugget Casino Resort in Reno, Nevada. In particular the security there. Here's one thing I would never understand about security. It's the same thing I don't understand about law enforcement. I know you have a job to do. And I respect it. But why you gotta be so extra about your job and the words of the joker. Why so serious? Why See there was a woman named Heather Venus who was a regular at the Nugget Casino in Reno for the last three years.


Heather and her medical dog Cherry would visit the casino at least four to five times a week. She has a medical dog who is trained to alert Heather if she is about to have a seizure. Let me tell you how Heather describes the Nugget Casino. She said they know who we are when we come in. They automatically bring me water for my dog. The dog gets free drinks at the Nugget Casino. But Atlanta News first said what is typically a home away from home atmosphere was quickly changed a couple of weeks ago when the security guard approached her and told her she had to leave. Would you like to know why she had to go? Let's go to Atlanta News first for the report please. Heather Vanis says she's been a regular at the Nugget Casino in Reno for the last three years. Sometimes Vanis says she visits her friends four to five times a week at the casino.


Accompanying Venis on her trips is her medical dog Cherry who is trained to alert Venice if she's about to have a seizure. What is typically a cheers like atmosphere for Venice? Quickly changed two weeks ago when a security guard approached her and told her to leave because Cherry was not present on that day. Venice says Cherry had just gotten fixed since her fiance was with her at the casino. She felt like she was safe to leave Cherry home if she had a medical episode. Venice considered the nugget, her safe place and ads that not being able to see her friends there has been heartbreaking. Now all she wants is an apology and for the nugget to educate their staff on how to handle others with medical dogs.


The nugget issued a statement that says in part service animals are always welcome at our property. And our team is trained to ensure that all guests are treated with respect and in accordance with federal and state law. Poor Heather, she had no idea she was the plus one. You didn't get the hint when they were bringing your dog free drinks but not you. They used to bring the dog water. Okay? All the time. We live in a world where security trust you with your dog over fi over your fiance. I understand humans are not You know reliable in 2024. I get it but Nugget Casino cut it out. This is what I mean when I say security takes their job too serious. You told this woman that if the dog stayed at home she should have stayed at home with the dog.


Let me ask you a question. Security. Once the service dog You know Cherry does his job and alerts Heather, she's about to have a Caesar. You do know once the dog does that, then humans and God have to take over. The dog can't do anything for her after he alerts her. So her having her fiance there is actually better. Okay? Heather says she didn't take Cherry that day because she had just gotten cherry fixed and she felt like it was safe to leave her service dog at home since she was with her fiance in case she had a medical emergency. I agree. Okay. A service animal is essential to some folks, but just because someone has a service dog doesn't mean they need an animal every second of the day. Especially if they have a perfectly good human with them.


Remember us? Okay. Okay. I know You know in The World of service animals and ai we can get lost, but human lives matter. All right. Kicking this woman heather out is like saying we don't trust you to be here without your service dog. Nor do we trust that you can take care of yourself. Your dog knows better than you do. This really feels like y'all got y'all sensitivity training from an episode of the office. Okay? You got people, people in that casino gambling away their life savings. You got people in that casino drinking themselves to death. But you tell a woman without her service dog, she gotta go. That's where you draw the line. Even though she's there with her fiance. Y'all heard the the statement that the Nugget Casino released, right where they said they're fully committed, fully committed to complying with all a DA requirements and they welcome all guests with disabilities who use service animals.


Service animals are always welcome at our property and our team is trained to ensure that all guests are treated with respect and in accordance with federal and state laws. While we can't comment on specific incidents, we remain dedicated to offering and exclusive environment for all our guests. Heather, it just boils down to this. The Nugget Casino likes your dog more than you. Okay? Cherry is the invited guest, okay? And you are the plus one. In fact, they think you are Cherry's service human. That's the only explanation, okay? They don't care about you all your disability. They care about the dog. And the irony of this story, at least to me, is the older I get and the more I get to know people and hear stories like this, the more I realize why Noah only allowed animals on the arc.


Please give the nugget Casino Resort the biggest Seahawk. That's So backwards. Cold world. Normally people have issues with the service animal, not the people. Cold world. Alright and guys, he meant seizure. Not Caesar Caesar's a haircut. It's a salad. You should never mention Caesar seizure. You should shut up. You should be Quiet. He meant seizure. You yo Vy, you are Marine Today. You should Be quiet. He meant seizure. You lack So much self-awareness. You should be quiet. He meant seizure. Ladies and gentlemen. He meant seizure. I'm stand out of this one. Just stay out of it. I am. Okay. You should hush. Alright. That might Hush.


That might your Charlotte don't. That might have been your best joke. That might've been your best joke. Okay. And you ain't even tried. I wasn't joking. Yo. Who? Be joking. That's what joke y'all problem is. Y'all think I'm Asha will be joking. I don't be joking. I was. I like that. That was, You should never mention Caesar. That Good? And there you Go. Wait, why you go with it? Sorry. There you go with Sorry. I'm number Was seizure ladies and gentlemen. But anyway, how Would you go Back? You don't. You don't. Listen. When we come back, we have Caden Mingo joining us. Caden Mingo plays in Long Island. He's a four star combo guard outta ESPN's top 100. He's a top 10 player and this morning he's gonna decide what college he's going to live on. Air. You Having hot flashes over there?


We can hear to win. It's hot as hell. Ain. Hot Charlene with the edges. What is going on? Damn. Climate change. That's the devil in right there. If we all doing all that, devil acts, but, all right. Hot Caden Mango. When we come back is The Breakfast. Club. Good morning The. Breakfast Club. Morning Everybody. It's DJ Envy. Just hilarious. Charlemagne the guy. We are The. Breakfast. Club. Lauren LaRosa filling in for Jess. Well we got a special guest in the building. Yes sir. We got the brother Caden Mingo, welcome. Thank you. How you feeling man? It's A pleasure to be here. It's really a Blessing. Happy to have you man. Tell him who Kaden Mingle is for those who don't know. Ada Mingo. Young kid from Long Island, Farmingdale, New York. Got two brothers, two loving great parents.


Just a young kid trying to be great at what he does. Amazing basketball player. Four Star combo guard. Yeah, Yeah, Yeah. I, I would say point guard but You know, it's, it is a blessing to really be noticed as with the stars next to your name and everything and have my name continue to rise and rise. Alright, So You know today's a a very special day, but before we get into that, let's, let's talk about how you got into basketball and the love for basketball. 'cause basketball has changed. I'm sure for your pops You know back in the day, You know you playing the part and, and that's how you got your skills up. Nowadays it's a lot of training and training and more training. So let's, let's talk about how you, how you started your love for basketball and what made you run and put the effort and time to do it. Yeah, I Got my pops never really played basketball.


He, he was more of a football player, so I ain't never get none of that from him really. He, he would always be in the gym with us and help us. The athleticism though. Yeah, the athleticism. Yeah, a little bit. And then when I was younger And pops, I was looking back like that. He wasn't really much of an athlete, wasn't much of an he, he was in the field. He to the game. Big You know. But I mean, did he Play this jersey was the cleanest jersey Boy You know. And then when I was younger, my parents always just had us You know with, with my older brother. 'cause he played basketball. He was growing up, he was in high school when we was younger. And I would always You know me and my little brother would be running around in the middle of the games and stuff playing one on verse each other.


So I would really say You know, just looking up to him as a role model that that's, that's when I wanted to play basketball. That's where I got it from. What Makes you, when did you fall in love with it though? Yeah, fell in love with it. When did you take It serious? Probably around middle school. Around middle school. You know, seeing your name get out there more and more and more people notice you. It becomes something you You know, begin to really have a more of a love for. I always wonder how you, how you keep it from feeling like a job. Like when you are in the position that you in You know you going to college, I'm sure you got pro aspirations. How do you keep it from feeling like work? Just, just reminding yourself that you, you do this fun. That's why, that's why you started playing for fun and it's, it's, it's just a sport. It's not, it's not who you are or anything.


It's just something you do. And what about your grades now? You know a lot of times y your grades get, you don't really focus on school because you play basketball so much. How are your grades and, and how are you making sure you all focus? Yeah. My, my father's a principal so he don't Oh, you pop the principal. Oh, he don't play that. Nah, he don't, he don't play that. I've been on honor roll every quarter in high school, so I would say I'm pretty solid with all that. Man. You said something just not as powerful. You said basketball is just something you do, it's not who you are. Yeah. You know, I read a lot of Dr. Wayne w Diet, the power of intention and that's something that he always says, you, you are not what you do. You know, like a lot of us get caught up in that. When did you learn that mentality? It's, it is still something I work on You know because it could be, it could become stressful You know when it up with ups and downs, but I would say I'm still working on it.


But I, that's what, that's something my parents saw me. Yeah. And one of my high school coaches always emphasized Coach J he always tell us that and remind us. So I would say like ninth grade is when I got introduced to it. My parents always let me know about the concept of it. Now, what players inspired you? Like coming up or even right now? Like who are your biggest inspirations Right now? NBA players? Yes. NBA players, NBA players or retired players either. Yeah. I was blessed enough to have mellow in my circle and play with Caan since young. So I would say he's taught me a lot. He's took me under his shoulder and then right now I like Tyrese Maxey a lot with Philly and You know how he operates and how he, he was able to You know at such a young age, become one of the faces of the program.


Now you what, what, what do you like about Max's game? Everything. He, he could really score. He passed, he played on or off the ball as I think it's similar, it's similar to my game You won Col. MVP. You mentioned Cayenne, you won CO MVP at the ACEs Hustle and Hearts Classic along with Cayenne winning that, like what was that like for you? What did that mean to you? It meant a lot You know with the ACEs, with the history of how many players have came through and it was a good game. It was, it was a good thing that we won the game 'cause it was real close our fault. I really appreciate.


Did You know there's no Tom at Tom's? The shoe company You know and love our name reflects our commitment to creating better tomorrows. This season embrace cozy comfort with Tom's, the family favorite footwear brand from Chic Boots and everyday sneakers to wedges and our iconic Alpr Godde slip bonds Each. Each pair of Toms is crafted with premium comfort At its core, our cloud bound insoles provide exceptional cushion, perfect for morning meetings, farmer's markets, and quiet moments at home. Enjoy features like ankle padding, cozy foer linings, and wide width options so you can always feel like you're walking on Clouds Made for Play. Our Kids Line offers extra traction and easy on, easy off detailing a win for them. A win for you. Explore rich textures and autumn colors and hundreds of styles that compliment your fall wardrobe. The best part. When you buy Toms, you help make a difference in the lives of others. Together we've positively impacted over 100 million people to date and we're just getting started. Shop all your fall family footwear@toms.com.


What's up? It's me, Don Toliver. If I could describe the whole ultra open earbuds, I think I would describe it as very seamless. It can definitely be something that you can style. It is like earring candy. Check out bows.com for more.


High Five Casino. High five. Casino is a social casino with real prizes and Big Vegas hits at high five. casino.com. The hottest games right from Vegas and all winnings. Go straight to your bank account hundreds of exclusive games, free daily rewards, and come back to get free coins every four hours. Only at high five. casino.com. High Five Casino is a social casino. No purchase necessary void were prohibited. Play responsibly terms and condition supply. See website for details at high, the number five casino.com. High five Casino.


Just a few years ago, only 3% of domestic violence shelters accepted pets. Meaning many abuse survivors had to choose between staying in a difficult situation for their pet or leaving their pet behind. One in three women and one in four men experience domestic abuse in their lifetime and nearly half of survivors delay leaving because they can't bring their pets with them. Purina believes in the healing power of pets, particularly for survivors of abuse. They believe pets and people are better together, which is one of the many reasons they started the Purple Leash project. Through the Purple Leash project. Purina is helping break down one of the many barriers abuse survivors face. The lack of pet friendly domestic violence shelters. Purina has helped increase the amount of pet friendly shelters across the country from 3% to nearly 20% through the Purple Leash project. With more pet friendly domestic violence shelters, survivors and their pets can escape and heal together. Visit purina.com/purple to get involved.


You could sit there and listen to ads or you could take a moment to have a Diet Coke break. First, grab a chill diet Coke. 'cause if you want it to be perfect, it needs to be crispy. Next, get a big cup of ice. 'cause everyone knows Diet Coke is best served swimming and ice. Then sip it slowly. Feel that burn and enjoy your break for as long as possible. When you need a break, don't forget to grab an ice cold Diet Coke and take a Diet Coke break Done.


Recognizing what I did and how I played and congratulating me with that award. Do you feel like it should have been a Coin VP or you felt like you just deserved it all? I, I felt like the coin V VP was good where Cayenne played well also Cayenne Busting ass. Yeah, it is crazy to think I used to be taller than Cayenne. You was never taller than Cayenne. We talking about he came out the womb taller than You. Yeah. You out your mind came womb. It was crazy. I think about stuff like that. What Year was that? 2024. How long ago was that? Because you were about what, like 5 2 11. Four 11. Cayenne what? 15 Probably 15, 14 Cayenne. 17. 17. Well that probably 16 years ago. You you've never been that tall. He never had a Santa Cy go To the cabinets. That's Crazy. What, what's your relationship like now, Kai? You And Kanye? Yeah. Yeah, we, we. Cool. That's my guy.


You know real close with him on and off the court. That that's my dude. What advice does Mellow give y'all? He just tells us to be ourselves and don't, don't change for anybody and just stay confident through everything and just be level headed. Alright. When we come back we have more with Kayden Mgo. Now ESPN has him as a top 10 high school player and when we come back on Air Live, he's gonna decide what college he's going to. So we're gonna get into that. Nexus. The. Breakfast. Club. Good morning. Morning everybody. It's D-E-J-N-N-V. Just hilarious. Charlamagne De Guy. We are The Breakfast Club. We're still kicking in with Caden Mingo. He's a high school player, a four star combo guard out of Long Island and he's about to decide what college he's going to next year live on a breakfast club.


Charlamagne Is New York full of distractions Man. I feel like New York would be like very full of distractions for young ball players like yourself. You, You could say so, but You know a lot of different parties and different things going on and people trying to You know get you when you start to get a name a little bit. But I would say you just gotta stay focused. Keep doing what got you, got you to where You are. The beauty of it is, it seemed like you got a strong circle You know. Yeah, I'm sure they keep you grounded for sure. Alright, Now you made the decision to say that you were wanted to announce what school you wanted to go here on The Breakfast Club. What made you wanna make that decision to say I wanna do it not necessarily a conventional way, but to come up here and do it on The, Breakfast Club. I mean we appreciate it, but I'm just curious to what the reason was. It's A first, this has never Happened.


Nah, never Happened. That's that's one of the reasons it never happened before. And You know there's been celebrities up here with y'all, so I was really blessed to have the opportunity and You know. It was just the idea that me and my agency came up with and then we just made it work from there. As soon as they asked me, I say yeah, for sure. Your your, your top finalists were Georgia, PenFed, state, Virginia Tech and Way Forest. What, what is it about those schools that got them to be your top four choices? Definitely, definitely the relationship with the staff. I would say with all the people in those rooms and You know the type of people that they are. You know, having conversations with them, you could get a little bit of a sense of who they are and the fit with the school, the opportunity ahead.


Just feeling somewhere like with those four schools, I feel like I could thrive at any one. And when you're sitting around with your circle, like when you talking about things that the school has, what, what's a non-negotiable for you? Like, yo, I, this school has to have this for me to go The girls? Nah, It's got stupid. Doesn't all of these schools have girls? None of these guys? Yeah, all these schools have girls You know what I mean? When I say the girls, they're girls. It's the difference between girls and the girls. Nah, I got it You know what I'm Saying? It's wrong with you man. Come on. He Ain't never been nowhere. I gotta go. Oh, Okay. What was the question again? What's Non, what's the non-negotiable? Like what does school have to have? Oh, well we never really talked about that but I would just say I feel like as far as the coaches go, I feel like me as a family, me and us as a family, we feel like we have to have a somebody in position and guiding me.


That's a god-fearing man, I would say. Dope. Dope. I do Have a a a question You know a lot of these players like yourself go to the these colleges and they one and done is, is that what you're thinking right now? Is is is that what's on your mind? I would love to go one and done, but it's just You know all guys' time. However long it takes. Or even if I don't play in NBAI would what? Whatever's in store for me. What about the academic side? You know. You know what you would wanna study? I was thinking finance and psychology. Yeah. Alright. Alright. Well now the time is now. Caden Mingo is about to decide what college he is going to take his talents too. It is between Georgia, PenFed State, Virginia Tech and Wake Forest.


Let's give the Mike C Mingle. What do you think? This is big. Let's big Next year I'll be attending. Okay, where we going? Congratulations Family. Congratulations. I Don play with me. PenFed State. Come on, family. Congratulations. What, What was it? Why of all the four schools. PenFed State, you PenFed. Yeah, PenFed. PenFed. What was the the deciding factor for PenFed State? You know, just like we talked about, I felt like it was the best fit, best opportunity, best style to play and also the best relationship with the coaches, especially Coach Rose, the head coach. And I just feel like this is the best place I could thrive and the, the place I can thrive the most at.


You got any, any partners there? Like anybody that's already playing there? That's Cool. Already playing? Yeah. Nah, not really. Mason Blackwood coming with me though. That's my guy. He played in New York versus New York with me. Okay. Okay. So y'all gonna make some noise next year then? Yeah. Yeah. We, we gonna try. Well you make sure you send us some jerseys and congratulations For sure. Congratulations. Thanks a lot. I love him man. Thank Don't think too far into the future though. I know that you got NBA aspirations, but you gotta go bust ass at PenFed State first hundred Percent. I got a friend that went to PenFed State and then when he played there, he went right to NFL. Oh yeah. Yeah. Devon Steele. Yep. So that's a great school. Gotcha. Wow. Well ladies and gentlemen, Caden Mgo, if you haven't heard his name, look him up. That's right. He's from Long Island, four star Guard combo.


He's going to PenFed State next year. Make sure you support this brother and all That and it's dope. You just like you guys seem like you got a real stable situation. You got your family, you got your girl, you gonna be good. Just stay away from the white Ain he said God. Say that again. Stay. I'm just saying how You know you Ain got a white woman now you don't be Assuming. I don't, you're right, but just, I'm just telling you Girlfriend White, stay away from the white women. Listen, do you learn a lesson today? Like, dad, why I come up was Good. I'm telling them the truth. Okay. They gonna be prey on you. I'm telling you You know that I know you putting them. I know Daddy putting them on. Listen to your father. We're happy. We're happy for you. Congratulations. Thank y Thanks a lot. Jesus Christ. Ladies and gentlemen, it's Kayden Mingo. It's The. Breakfast.


Club. Good morning. Congratulations. Thank You. The. Breakfast. Club. Morning everybody. It's DJNV. Just hilarious. Charlamagne guy. We are The Breakfast. Club Lauren filling in for Jess. And now it's time for pass the A Dj. What's up Nyla? Big Nyla. What's up guys? Back again with the vibes. I love that. Merch. Thank You. Certified Vibe. Certified vibe. Merch. Yes. Thank you. Thank you. We not selling it yet.


I'm only just giving it to the homies. I'm gonna bring you guys some at some point before the year ends. But I'm excited because there's a lot of music that dropped a lot of good music. We already talked about Tyler when he dropped. No, but since the project dropped and it made a lot of noise, I wanna highlight the sexy red Loa record. Sticky. No, you are definitely the biggest glow. He's the fan. Fan I've ever met in my Deserve. Deserve. Yo, I get in the car, it's turning on and the house is playing. You wake up to it like it like it was really intense Right now. PM Friday. And I ain't got you. Okay. Welcome to the club. I like Big Glow and it's crazy. We was having a conversation last week about Tyler, the creator and where he stands.


Tyler gotta be top three of the last 15. This guy's doing 300, 350,000 this week. I know that's right. The numbers are there. He's got it. And people dont do the numbers. He always delivers. But what class is he like in like that's three of, even though he's been out, he really has been out since blog era. The big three was the big three was just something manufactured by the industry. It's okay to say that. Oh alright. It Is, it is like because it, it, it, it, yes we know it was Drake, it was Kendrick. It was Cole. Yeah, but there was others. Yes, You know what I mean? They may not have been doing the numbers that those guys were doing back then, but they've been so somebody like Tyler's been so consistent to where now again he's doing 300 something thousand. Yeah, he's already got the Grammys and everything else. Like Yeah Tyler, that guy Tyler And I went with that record in particular just because, because he was so niche to now be doing records with like a Illa and a sexy who got that mainstream appeal.


It just really speaks to his growth. So shout out to to Tyler. Super, super excited and happy for him. And I Really wanna go to Camp Flog Knock. Actually that lineup is sick. Oh, I was supposed to And I. Can you, I'm bucking That line. What? Yeah. Yeah. But do you wanna go? Yeah, I wanna go. Okay, let's Talk. Yes, Please. Okay. Also, Megan dropped the album yesterday, I mean yesterday last week. But we didn't get to talk about it. So we're going do Bigger in Texas. That's All. Okay man. But I had no idea Meg put out an album. Yeah, I had no clue either. None. Like why are we ploting that? I Dunno, why not? I mean I seen the video that she shot with Slim Thug and all Texas artists. Paul all album. Yeah. And I. Didn't she?


It's Act two to the first one. I'm I, I had no idea. There's no way Meg de Stallion put out an album. That's lie For real. Yeah. Stop. Didn't know. Why do you think the documentary came out that Was on the song? She dropped the drop Documentary because she had the that song Moving. No, that song is on the album. Okay. What the heck Is was going on. She moved to Megan Bigger in Texas. But the whole project is tough. If you're a fan of Tina Snow, you are like that album in particular. Which side note my interview made it to the Meg documentary. I And I. So I saw congratulations. Yes, thank I Saw that last night. Now it's time for the claps. Yeah, now it's fine. My only complaint is they put Interviewer two instead of my name. So damn if you're listening, You know my name is not listen Number two, well number one.


But yeah The but Okay, now is It fair used for documentaries? Don't they gotta have permission for that? They usually have to get clearance. Oh well then that would be, see but they didn't put my face. They only used the voice. But they and rehearses they your Content, they Oh they didn't put, they didn't put you out. They didn't put your face. They, yeah. Oh, I don't know how that works. They didn't use your face Either way. I didn't want my credit. Okay. So yeah, I'll be waiting on that. And then, so Jaqui just dropped the project Baby making Project You know he just had a baby and the single on there is called Touchdown. Why? I be playing with Jais like I like his Music. Yo. I really like Jacque. I like Jaquis music. Jaqui get busy. I like Jaqui. He's a good You. know what? Just hanging out with Jais. When? When I went on that r and b tour, he's a good dude too. Like he's a really good dude.


So Salute to Jaqui sounds Very pretty. Ricky ish. Why You always hating on Pretty Ricky? Who says I'm hating? I said Rick 'cause no, I remember, I remember that I was playing something and you was like that don't got nothing on Jode da da And. I'm like why? We just can't. Vibe Wasn't Compare. No, You not. Number two, you number one. Don't do the Jode. See the pretty Ricky is crazy. No, I was just enjoying Pretty Ricky. You call this r and b, you call this r and b and then play You Bro. Charlotte, you would never put on Pretty Ricky to just like Vibe. No, look I like Pretty Ricky though, but not the vibe. Like not, not for the bedroom.


No, not me. It wasn't y'all generation Dope. Y'all was on drugs. So it's like we're Pretty, Ricky dropped. I was not on drugs. I was like, I was a kid team with a sidekick. Oh, Okay. Yeah. Pretty Ricky Dope. But compared to the Jode though, no, You compare them to Jode. I didn't compare them to Jodeci. I was just a No, We were debating something. I ain't just bringing that random, we were Talking, I was playing r and b like r and b, that that is just a vibe. And he was like, that ain't that ain't it. And turned What's, because if you talking to RB like pretty Ricky, when they came in Pretty Ricky to me was like a group that was kind of, they were, they were, it was pop and it had hip hop elements. It wasn't like straight. The RBI grew Up on, I don't even know how y'all compare it. Two like how they in the same conversation. You know the feeling, same feeling is different when you listen.


No disrespect to Pretty Ricky. Okay, well Jacque's Feeling gives nostalgic, it gives nineties RB right? Pretty Rick ish, Pretty Ricky Ish. That's early 2000. That's what I'm, That's an insult for you. He saying it's like the MySpace, like the, like those days of R And I. I don't see Jais in Pretty Ricky together either. I don't, I'm just saying that record in particular, that record Is like, y'all know what he trying to get to the sound. Like put it on my MySpace page. I'm not agreeing with him. That's not an insult. It's just a, a ranking of a timeline. It's not an insult at all because I didn't Jaqui, I have not hit, I don't dis pretty Ricky don't Understand how people don't, people be trying to act like Jaqui don't make good music. I like his music. Yeah, he got mad hits. Honestly. Love Jaqui. Shout out to him.


Luther Jaqui. And then if you guys haven't already, make sure y'all follow me on the gram at Nyla Simone. N-Y-L-A-S-Y-M-O-N-E-E-E. Got playlist. All you gotta do is click the link in bio, make sure you guys follow it and make sure you guys follow at Certified Vibe And at, we need to talk my podcast page. We drop a new episode every week. All right, well thank you. Nla amount. Big Nylo. Anytime. Certified Viber. Now when we come back, of course, welcome home Young Thug. Let's play some thug joints. All right, let me know what thug joints you want hear. 805 85. 1 0 5 1. It's a Friday. It's The, Breakfast, Club. Good morning. Morning everybody. It's DJ Envy, Jess, hilarious Charlamagne na guy. We are The Breakfast Club. Lauren LaRosa filling in for Jess.


And again, congratulations to, to Caden Mingo. He's a Long Island basketball player, four star combo this morning, which was a first, he actually released what college he was going to. He is ESPN's top 100 player. He's actually top 10 as a high school player. And he released that he's going to PenFed State. It's the first time we've ever done that up here. So congratulations to that young man. It's Luke to His family. Luke to that brother man. Wish him nothing but the best. Stay away from those white women at PenFed State You. know, work hard. Keep God first like you've been doing. You say he Has a girlfriend. He did say he had a girlfriend. That's good. I, I asked his dad, You know what's the secret to You know his, the success of just raising great kids.


And he said, God. God. That's right. That's it. Taking 'em to church every Sunday and You know, making them believe in a higher power. So salute to that brother man. That's right. And also salute to Naori Norton Lewis and Maurice Mitchell for joining us this morning. Absolutely You know Naori mentioned a movie that You know we worked on. I executive producers called 88. It's a political thriller. Stars Notator Knot and Brandon V. Dixon and Orlando Jones. And you can watch that movie on Hulu by the way. Hulu, apple tv. I can't remember what the prime video. Yeah. So if you not doing anything this weekend, check out 88 came out like a year ago. Or If you're not doing anything or, and 'cause you could do both. You're not doing anything this weekend. Saturday, November 2nd, y'all get on Amazon Prime, get on Amazon Switch account because I'm gonna be hosting a live stream for little Louisiana Fest.


Hey. And they are doing the Hot Boy reunion during little Louisiana Fest. So we'll be there. We'll be talking about all of that. We'll be doing some interviews for you guys as well. So tune in, shout out to Wao and Mouse Jones will be You know my co-host for that evening. So I'm excited. I'm having New Orleans name all the hot boys right now. Leave me alone. Charmagne, I'm not naming nothing. The name you're Not. I'm not like leave Me alone Name the hot boys. No. Name four. I just need you to know you going to New Orleans. These are things that people going to know I can name. Don't goddamn embarrassing us. Okay, Wayne Bg Juvie Turk. Alright. Making sure. I'm just making Sure. Like I think sometimes you forget like who you'd be sitting across from. Like I'm, I'm, no, I know who sitting across from I'm not hearing with you for that's why I'm Asking you. No. Stop playing. You you not from that era.


You Why? I might not be from the era, but the era didn't transcend down to where I'm we Was at. Well there's, there's only Four Hot Boys. Those are the four that you named. Congratulations. I think Sometimes Just making think sometimes some Heavy it messes up like you're thinking in your You. know what I mean? Just, I'm just making sure I wouldn't be sitting right here if I couldn't name and do certain things. That is not true. That's You. This iss on you. You come from a company you keep the nineties early two thousands. That was all air. I'm just making sure the hot voice though. Ask him to name the members of Pretty Ricky Name. The members of Pretty Ricky Spectacular. See, I can't, that's it. That's all I know. No pleasure. P Spectacular pleasure. P It's something with an M Andm.


But the M The guy got arrested. Come on You know his Name. I don't. That's my point. A B, just prove my point. Exactly. Name the remember of B 2K Omarion RAs B Little fifth. And who am I missing? I about to say Little Twist. Ain't No Little Twist in B Twist Said that Young Money Lo Fiz, RAs Omarion Jbu jbu. See, but that's my point. That's not my era. Mm. But And you didn't know the Hot Boys until you saw the flyer for Louisiana That not Hot Boys transcended. Okay. Like don't, don't do that. Happy Birthday To You. Happy birthday dear.


Happy birthday to you. That's right. You gave him a ninth Dallas Cowboys cake. Y'all know what time it is. Ive Eddie, our producer up here, he's a huge Giants and Cowboys fan. So this morning He's from Philadelphia though I don't know how That happened. He from Philadelphia, he wears a lot of green. But we just wanted To I how you born and raised in Philly with Philly Eagles merchandise. But you really a Cowboys fan on the Low. I don't get, I just really realized that, Eddie, no, for real. You do be acting like a Phillies fan. But then they did decorating Cowboy stuff today. It's Crazy. It Is. It is. Happy boy Day a DF. Happy. Thank you Guys. Alright, when we come back, we got the positive notice. The. Breakfast. Club. Good morning.


Morning everybody. It's C-E-J-N-V. Just hilarious. Charlemagne tha God. We are The. Breakfast. Club. Lauren LaRosa. Filling in for just now. It's time to get up outta here. Charm. You got a positive Note? Yes I do. The positive note is simply this. Don't judge each day by the harvest you reap, but by the seeds that you plant. Have a great weekend Breakfast Club, bitches. You finish or y'all done


Casino. Hi. Fuck. Casino is a social casino with real prizes and Big Vegas hits at high five. casino.com. The hottest games right from Vegas. And all winnings. Go straight to your bank account, hundreds of exclusive games, free daily rewards, and come back to get free coins every four hours. Only at high five. casino.com. High five Casino is a social casino. No purchase necessary void. Were prohibited. Play responsibly terms and condition supply. See website for details at high. The number five casino.com. High five casino.


Whether you're ordering wings for the game, whipping up a seven layer dip or ordering pizza, there's something about football that makes you want to eat. And this football season, Uber Eats has the best deals on game day food. No matter what you're craving from two for one pizza to buy one get one wings. Uber Eats will be dropping new deals each week. All season long. Uber Eats official on demand delivery. Partner of the NFL Order Now terms and conditions apply. See after for details,


You wake up, put on your RayBan meta glasses. You are living all in. You realize you need coffee. So you say, Hey meta. How do I make a latte Brew? Two shots of espresso. After meta AI gets you caffeinated, you are ready for some beats. Hey, meta play hip hop music. You head to meet some friends but can't remember the place. Hey, meta call Eva RayBan Meta Glasses, the next generation of AI glasses. Just say, Hey, meta to harness the power of meta ai. Shop now at meta.com/mark glasses.


One in three women and one in four men experienced domestic abuse in their lifetime and nearly half of survivors delay leaving because they can't bring their pets with them. Purina started the Purple Leash project to help eliminate one of the many barriers domestic abuse survivors face. A lack of pet-friendly domestic violence shelters. Through the Purple Leash project, Purina is helping to create more pet-friendly domestic violence shelters across the country. So abuse survivors and their pets can escape and heal together. Visit purina dot coms slash purple to get involved.


How crispy are the new deli mix? Crispy quesadillas. Let's see. I'm gonna pop one in the microwave. Yeah. Deli me crispy. Quesadillas are crispy. Even from a microwave. I can already smell it. Heads up. If you hate loud crunching, you might wanna mute. Mm, so crispy. Like barely hear myself. Think crispy. These should come with a warning. If this crispiness is making you hungry, get to your closest grocery store for deli mix crispy quesadillas in the frozen aisle.