
Wherever you are in The, World, it's an exciting time in politics. Take a deep dive into the stories, making the news headlines across The World, the News agents. We are not just here to tell you what's happening, but why from me, Emily Mais And me, John Sopel with Global's Award-winning podcast. The news agents dropping daily, covering everything you need to know about politics and current affairs. And the news agent's USA in the race for the White House. Listen to the news agents on global play.


Hey, gorgeous. It's Paris Hilton. Get the party started with my new album, infinite Icon, out now and stream the new single Bad Academy, Welcome To the Bad Academy. I wanted this album to be an escape. Take people to a happy place where they can heal and party in equal measure. And most of all, be your own unapologetic icon. Listen on iHeartRadio and visit infinite icon.com to order the album sponsored by 1111 Media.


You could sit there and listen to ads or you could take a moment to have a Diet Coke break. First, grab a chill diet Coke 'cause If. you want it to be perfect. It needs to be crispy. Next, get a big cup of ice. 'cause everyone knows Diet Coke is best served swimming in ice, then sip it slowly. Feel that burn and enjoy your break for as long as possible. When you need a break, don't forget to grab an ice cold Diet Coke and take a Diet Coke break


Gear up for outdoor adventures with the 2024 Nissan Pathfinder. This mid-size SUV is designed for Epic Journeys offering spacious seating for eight available panoramic moonroof, and an available intelligent four wheel drive feature with seven drive modes. To take your off-road experience to new heights, discover the 2024 Nissan Pathfinder at Nissan usa.com. Intelligent all-Wheel drive cannot prevent collisions or provide enhanced traction in all conditions. Always monitor traffic and weather conditions. Towing capacity varies by configuration. See Nissan Towing guide and owner's manual for additional information. Always secure cargo.


You are ready for a comeback. And with Purdue Global, you can do more than take classes. You can take charge of your story, of your career, of your life. Earn a degree you can be proud of and get an education employer's respect. It's time, your time, not just to go back to school, but to come back and move forward with Purdue Global Purdue's Online University for working adults. Start your comeback@purdueglobal.edu.


This is a morning show for guys today, DJ better known as The People's Choice. This tour, my light-skinned brothers out there just hilarious. Just for the worldwide mask. Just don't do no lying. And Charlemagne the guy don't get anything. Everybody come to The Breakfast Club. I call Mr. Hot Seat. The. Breakfast Club. It's like being on America's front porch. Don't Feel like my wrists have never cost to me for every time I go to the Red Club. I know it's gonna be like a good man. I'm getting out. Good morning. USA Yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo. Jess is on maternity leave. Good morning, Laura LaRosa. Good morning, Charlemagne Guy.


Peace to the Planet is Monday. What's happening? The start of another work week. How y'all feel out there? I am blessed black and highly favored. Good morning. That's Right. How you guys did this week. What you do, what you do, Laura? I hung out with family. Well, friends, my friend's family. We was in Harlem. We went to a birthday party, so that was pretty fun. Okay. And then I got my hair done this weekend. I'm waiting for y'all to be like, it looks nice. You paid for that. You got that done. You all in my business, Your homie, you still doing the homie thing like You know letting your friends do it. Don't let him talk To you like that. Don't let him talk to you like that. Don't let him talk to He Be really in here playing with me. You went to actual hairdresser like Yes, I did.


Oh, Okay. If, you like it? I love it. It's too early in the morning on a Monday for you. What? It really, and You know what I, I was out this weekend. People were literally coming up to me like, oh my God, your underarms are shaved. Oh my God. I have a brother, a nephew, a son, an uncle that's also single. Y'all need to relax in here. Why Are they looking out for you? That is what we are about here at The. Breakfast Club. This is a community. We have a village that looks out for each other today looking at you in public, and they're like, oh, good. You're underarm are shape for once. Oh, I have somebody that I can hook you up with. That is beautiful. Did you find a man then? Did they hook you Up? Nah, I ain't find no man. Like, I'm good.


All Right. Okay. Okay. Mm. I was in Vegas over the weekend. It's little to everybody. I ran into in Vegas. I had to DJ at the Strat this weekend. And then of course it was Fight Weekend. Great. Wait. Weekend for Fights. Did y'all watch the fights? Of course. We watched the fights on Saturday night. So you seen Canelo Langa, what you think of the fight? I mean, it, I I, I'm, I was shocked that Langa lasted for 12 rounds, to be honest with you. I didn't think it was gonna go the distance, but Langa was in there showing a lot more, a lot more toughness than I guess we thought. Yeah. You know. Yeah, absolutely. All right, well let's get the show cracking. All right. But now when we come back, oh, today on the show, money Long will be joining us. Her new album Revenge is out right now, so we're gonna be kicking it with Money Long. And also Michael Eric Dyson, he has a new book called Represent the Unfinished Fight for the Vote that's out right now.


So we're gonna kick it with both of them. And we got front page news when we come back. So don't move. It's The. Breakfast Club. Good morning. Morning everybody. It's DJ NV Jess. Hilarious. Charlamagne the guy. We are The Breakfast. Club. Lauren LaRosa. Filling in for Jess. And let's get in some front page news. Lemme start off with some quick sports first. All right. NFL Football, the Seahawkes beat the Patriots 2320 commanders beat the Giants 2118, the charges beat the Panthers. 26 3, the Cowboys lost to the Saints. 44 to 19 the Browns beat the Jaguars, the Packers beat the Colts Jets beat the Titans. 24 17 Buccaneers beat the Lion. 2016 Cardinals beat the Rams. 41 10 Steelers beat the Broncos. 13 six. The Chiefs beat the Bengals. 26 25 the Raiders beat the Ravens.


26 23, the Texans beat the Bears. 1913. And then Monday Night Football, the Falcons take on the Eagles at eight 15. Did you say the Commanders beat the Giants? I just wanna make sure you said that one too. 2118. I did say the Saints washed the Cowboys. 44 19. They did on the road to the Super Bowl. There will be obstacles, but somebody didn't tell me. Check on this weekend. Listen, we fine. It's football on the road to the Super Bowl. There will be obstacles. It's fine. That's why he so girly This morning. No, Nah, no, no. He just was born that way. My so around Gamecock lost this weekend. And the the Cowboys, it happens. It's football. It's a long season. He's used to the losing. Morgan. Good morning, Morgan. Morning. Morning. Happy Monday, y'all. Lauren, how you feel fellas?


Y'all all Right? How your team did? Morgan? Nevermind. Go ahead, keep going. I was, yeah. Nah, we lost. But You know the other home team You know, beat, beat, beat the giant. So yeah, that was the other home team. You Can't, you can't have another home team walking. Well, I was raised to You know command. Well pick a, pick a name. But You know a Redkin Fan, Right? I was raised The Commanders. Yes. Yes. But I, I You know, like I, I stopped with the D Lulu like you did You know. Nope, No such thing. I'm riding with mine to the end baby. But Yeah, shout out to the Ravens You know, get it right next week. Okay. So I really wanna talk about how a time was had at Congressional Black Caucus, but I will save the best for last. First, let's talk about how federal officials are reporting that there was yet another assassination attempt on Trump's life. So the former president was reportedly golfing at his Trump International Golf course in Palm Beach, Florida.


When shots rang out and he was rushed to safety. Here's audio from Palm Beach County Sheriff Rick Bradshaw, who describes the situation more. Fortunately, we were able to locate a witness that came to us and said, Hey, I saw the guy running out of the bushes. He jumped into a black Nissan. And I took a picture of the vehicle and the tank in the bushes where this guy was, is a eight K 47 style rifle with a Scope two backpacks, which were hung on the fence, that had a ceramic tile in him and a GoPro, which he was gonna take pictures of. So the suspect identified as 58-year-old Orion Wesley Ruth was posted up in the bushes about 400 to 500 yards away from Trump.


He fled the scene when he was spotted by authorities and was later taken into custody alive in neighboring Martin County. Now, local and federal officials are continuing to investigate this incident, and charges are to be determined. But it's also important to note that the neighborhood near the golf course is a reportedly high crime area. So they're trying to figure out if this was actually, well, feds are calling it a, an assassination attempt, but still Now, was Ryan Leslie Roof or Swifty? Okay. Is it a coincidence that Donald Trump woke up saying he hates Taylor Swift, and then hours later he was getting shot at? That is to be determined. No correlation. FI You're not investigating that. Well, we Gotta talk about how bad the Secret Service is.


All right? This is the second time. And the fact that they did say they seen him, they fired at him and they missed him. He was able to run back into his truck and take off. And the Secret Service seen none of this. And they're supposed to be watching the president, the former president. Well, and this guy was 300, 400 yards away is wow. The sheriff guy at the press conference. 'cause they asked that too, like this is the second time he said they did what they were supposed to do. No, they didn't. They acted, they they acted swiftly. That's what they said in the press conference. Yeah. And it is important to note that the detail that You know former presidents have is not the same of that as current sitting presidents. So I mean, that's to note. Well, Trump did send a, a fundraiser email, or email through his fundraising site saying that he's safe. And well, he will never surrender and nothing will slow him down.


President Biden and Vice President Kamala Harris, they also are relieved to know that Trump is doing okay. After the shooting, or excuse me, shots rang out, no one was actually shot. A statement issued by the White House. And Biden and Harris say, say that Biden and Harris have been briefed on the incident, and they will be updated as the situation develops. Now, switching gears, the rumors about Haitian immigrants eating cats and dogs are distracting voters from the real issues in this year's election. That's what transportation secretary Pete Buttigieg said while speaking to NBC News's meet the press. Let's hear more from the transpo sec. Donald Trump and JD Vance cannot afford for this campaign to be about things like how Donald Trump eliminated the right to choose and continues to leave the door open to signing a national abortion ban.


They need to get us talking about something else. The crazier the better. And they go for something that is so outrageous that you actually can't ignore it. Yeah. So it really be your own people, right? Apparently, Republican Ohio, governor Mike DeWine, he spoke to a BC news, excuse me. He spoke to a BC this week saying the rumors about Haitian migrants eating pets in Springfield are not true. And he urged the Trump campaign to stop and focus on the issues that actually affect American voters. Let's hear more from Governor Mike DeWine out of Ohio. What's going on in Springfield is just fundamentally different. These people are here legally. They came to work. Look, there's a lot of garbage on the internet and You know this is a piece of garbage that was simply not true.


There's no evidence of this at, at, at all. Well, Jane Vance essentially said he made it up this weekend, but I'm, I'm sure we'll get to that later. But I, I agree with Secretary Pete You know that that's what happens when you don't have a plan, when you, when you have a concept of a plan. So, so you have to result to just fearmongering. Right? Alright. Yeah, they, I'm glad that Vance and Trump are gonna please let up on this issue anyways. They must have forgot that Ohio is a swing state with a Republican governor. But yeah, I'm not gonna get too much into that. So stick around at this for the seven o'clock hour. We'll recap VP Harris's comments from the CBC Phoenix Awards gala. And I'll recap the White House Black Excellence Brunch. Yeah, we had, we had a time.


So yeah, it's the ground. All right. And everybody else get it off your chest. 805 8 5 1 0 5 1. Let us know how your weekend was, what you did If, you need to get some things off your chest phone lines are wide open. It's The Breakfast, Club. Good morning, The. Breakfast Club. This is your time to get it off your chest. Whether you're mad or blessed, You have the same energy. We wanna hear from you on The. Breakfast. Club. Hello? Who's this? Y you're, what's up, envy? What's up Travis? Good Morning, Shannon. What's up Lauren? Hi. What's up mama? What's going on Sir, please? What up sis? I'm calling talking about You know you. Y'all know what? I can't believe it's still happening in 2024.


You know? What's that? That people out here still watching football. Like, I can't believe y'all not standing with Colin Kaepernick in 2024. Like, this is crazy. You know, last week you called and you was talking to all this cowboy, this cowboy that Now this week you losing all Sudden. Don't, don't be like that Trav. Be consistent. We gonna be fine. Relax. You right. You right. We, we definitely, we def we definitely gonna be fine. We definitely gonna be sure. I'm sorry for butt dialing you the other day when you was on, when you was talking to Wallo, You butt Dialing. You butt dialed me. I did butt dial. I, I accidentally FaceTimed you when my phone was in my pocket. I didn't see, I saw, I saw you when you text me and said this was a butt dial. And I just thought you was being kinky. So I didn't even pay you no attention because I didn't see no, I didn't see no missed call.


No, weren't your heart. You smiled. He did smile. Looks like he trying to be funny. I don't know what he's talking about here. First of all, I didn't say this was a butt do. I said this was by, I said that was by accident. No, you didn't. You said that was a butt dive. You know what by oh, one more thing, y'all. There's a whole demographic out here that's getting the away with really cooking cats and dogs that's been doing it for years. But we're not gonna talk about it. Have A good day. Have a good day, Trav. See, see, see, see. Can't play with him. Try crazy. Hello? Who's this? Hey, what's going on? This is Dave.


Hey, what's up? Get up here today, Dave. Up. Hey, I was calling about that interview. Which one? Kamala. Kamala Ka Kamala bombed over the weekend Where she bombed at. It's Kamala, by the way. But where she bombed. Kamala. Kamala. Same difference in Philly. Oh, the, the, the, the local interview in Philly, minutes long. And she, she came out with the same spi. What you going do for the economy? Oh, well I was raised in middle class, man, we didn't ask you that. I I, I, I agree with you wholeheartedly. I'm not gonna say it was a bomb. But see, this is what, two things. That's the problem here. She haven't done a lot of interviews. So every interview she do is gonna be super scrutinized.


And number two, there's no need for you to be that on script, in, in, in a conversation. 'cause all that, the guy asked for, the guy said, name two things for me that, that y'all are gonna do for the economy or something like that. That was not the time to go into the script about being raised in the middle class. Just tell, tell the two things. Okay? And, I want to, I want to, I want to spin a block on your home. Girl. Heads, heads and Mikayla, come on with Charlamagne. I Don't know Mikayla. Who's Mc? Oh, oh my niece. Mikayla. Okay. Yeah, yeah. Yes, yes, yes, yes. Well, you trying To high at 'em, Mikayla? Nah, nah, I'm saying, I'm saying about they, they sit down when it was them young Jack. It was a couple of them on the, on like the little Mikayla Mikayla wasn't there. Oh, I I'm thinking about another Mikayla.


I don't know who you talking about. Oh, I thought you talking about t on Revolt News. Talking about Revolt News. Okay. And Mikayla, the McKayla, the Trump supporter from Clark Atlanta. Oh, with the glasses. I know what you're talking about. Yeah. Okay. Gotcha. Come on man. I didn't watch it. I don't, I didn't see it, so I didn't, I didn't, I didn't get a chance to see it. Alright, well, Well I'm, I'm gonna give you a chance to watch it 'cause I'm a fair man like that. I'm gonna give you a chance to watch it. I'm gonna call back Wednesday, Thursday and, and chop it over with Tyler again. But What was your thought? Tell me what you thought. But you saying that 'cause you liked it or you didn't like it? Oh, I didn't like it. Head was off the chain. Like, like he was off the chain. I, I don't want to spend no narrative right now. Like I said, I want y'all to watch it. Get a chance to watch it. You Talking about grabbing by the coochie cat part?


Nah, hell Nah. Hell was wrong. I seen something That they did before and it was, they were talking with young Jock and they said something about you could just grab women by their so and so If. you got a lot of money. I seen a clip going viral. No, I didn't get a chance to see it yet, but I know Tez does the, when when they have debates, they do like a live show during the debate for Volt. Yeah. Alright, well get it off your chest. 805 8 5 1 0 5 1. If. you need to vent. Hit us up now. It's The Breakfast Club. Good morning The. Breakfast Club. I'm tall. I'm telling. Hey, whatcha doing man? I'm calling you. This Is your time to get it off your chest. Whether you're mad or blessed.


805 8 5 1 0 5 1. We want to hear from you on The. Breakfast Club. Hello. Who's this? Hey, this is Laisha from Columbus. Good morning Y'all. Good morning. Get it off your chest. So, couple things. The first thing is Trump ruined my NFL Sunday yesterday. And I'm not feeling that. Oh. Because they started preempting it to talk about the assassination attempt. Yo, so I'm sitting here watching the game with my boo. I think it was the Kansas City game. And like, I think it goes to halftime or whatever. And then it's like, oh, quick report Trump assassination. I'm like, what? How many niggas is he gonna pay to keep trying to shoot at him so he could win this election? Bro, You really think that's what's going on?


Damn. They hit the bed in the head. Nah, You think, you think nah, I'm just swearing. Yeah, I'm saying like, I, I can't believe nobody's investigating the swifties. What this man tweeted out yesterday morning. I hate Taylor Swift. And then hours later he gets shot at and nobody thinks it's any type of connection. Hmm. Why? 'cause it's Taylor Swift and it's the Swifties, I will Say. Huh? It is pretty interesting. Don't you go with him that they had the jo him? No, because how they keep getting a drop on him. It had to be somebody powerful to get that drop on him like that. Not really. No. I I Just don't service kids. C CNN said that even some of his close staffers don't know his golfing schedule. Well they said he goes and golfs every Sunday when he's off. He's usually there in the morning golfing. And he usually has lunch there. Yeah. I never heard about them not knowing his golfing schedule.


I thought they always know. He, They, they Said that more recently, they haven't been giving it out because they said he Does it every, every Sunday. Guess he's a part of the new protocol since the first assassination Is team. Nah, they said he does it every Sunday. He usually goes to one of his three golfing places. He has golf, he plays golf in the morning. I dunno, Charlotte, I don't think it's the Swifties. I don't think the Mini's brigade got that far. Jesus. I will say though, You know we have no room for political violence in our country. Right on, on on. Nobody at all. But I I I will say there is something to the fact that I forgot my train of thought. That must be God, God knew I was about to say something strange. Some, some beat. I literally was right there. I literally that God knew I was about to say something. I ain't got no business. Get it off your chest. I'm Just gonna leave it at that. We have no room for political violence there in our country.


Hey. Hundred 5 8 5 1 0 5 1. Now we got just with the mess with La LaRosa coming up. We do. We're gonna kick off on a little bit of a sad note, but we will come up a bit afterward. Tito Jackson passed away. So we are gonna get into that and send a recipe piece to him. Alright, We'll talk about that when we come back. It's The Breakfast. Club. Good morning The. Breakfast Club. Morning everybody. It's DJ Envy. Jess. Hilarious. Charlamagne the guy. We are The Breakfast. Club. Let's get to Jess with the Mess with Lauren LaRosa. Your news is real. Jessica Robin Moore. Just don't do no lying. Don't nobody Bro. I just worldwide mess On The Breakfast Club The coaches with Lauren.


Lauren, I'm back. And I got the mess. Talk to me. Sending a rest in piece to Tito Jackson. Tito Jackson's official Instagram account posted five hours ago. As of right now, 6:52 AM It is with Heavy Hearts that we announced that our beloved father, rock and Roll Hall of Famer, Tito Jackson is no longer with us. We are shocked, saddened, and heartbroken. Our father was an incredible man who cared about everyone and their wellbeing. Some of you may know him as Tito Jackson from the legendary Jackson five. Some of you may know him as Coach Tito, or some of you may know him as Pope t. Nevertheless, he will be missed tremendously. It will forever be Tito time for us.


Please remember to do what our father always preached. That is loved one another. We love you. It was signed by his boys, Taj Terrell and tj. Hmm. That Piece to Tito Jackson. Absolutely. Yeah. I saw reports that it was a heart attack, but nothing that I've confirmed myself. But I did see reports that it was a heart attack. He was 70 years old. Right? 70 years old. 70 years Old. Yes. Rest In peace. Yep. Now moving on Donald Trump over the weekend. Y don't know Taylor Swift came out and endorsed Kamala. I don't know why. Like Donald Trump just randomly this because it wasn't even timely with the endorsement. Like he randomly came out and decided to rage ro with him in the Swifties. It was perfect. What are you talking about? You think it was perfect?


I Sunday, Sunday morning when the chiefs are going to be on tv and he know that they gonna flash to Taylor Swift every single second Of the day. Yes. And because I talking, the only reason I knew that they were playing was because my timeline kept showing her showing up. So, okay. Yeah, because at first I'm like, he's so late on this anger. Like why? He just woke up angry. But it does make sense. So Sunday Morning NFL football. Yeah. And she was looking cute too. So that's that. Shout out to her. So we she just Had a jersey on. It was an oversized jersey. It was oversized. It was cute. She had a lip on. She was giving a little vibe every dang give her something. Okay. Y'all love to hate her in this room, but talk About how the swifty shout at him later on that day, though I do not know that to be true. Oh, the assassination attempt did happen later on in that day. The second assassination attempt.


You Don't think he was a swifter? You don't think there's no correlation? I don't know, but I feel like if so they would've found like a, the best friend's bracelets in the, in all the woods. I see this picture. He didn't look like a swifty. All I know is if a rapper would've tweeted out, tweeted out, something like that. Okay. And then shots got fired later on. They'd be connecting the dots. He didn't look like a swifty, Sir. You think they would've, they would've had to call somebody up if it was a rapper that did it. That said that? I don't think so. I don't know. Maybe. Look, maybe the secret surface. He didn't look Like a swifty. You never know. He wasn't shaken at all. Labor Flav is a swifty that caught me by surprise. So, so yeah, he tweeted our, I hate Taylor Swift, which in all caps. So he was very upset about that. But what I thought was interesting was You know who came to Taylor Swift's defense. Who? Scooter bro.


Okay. Y'all remember all the back and forth that was happening between Taylor Swift and Scooter Broun because he brought her catalog and she made it a whole thing and Swifties hated him. He came out in her defense basically saying like, why are you so upset? It's Kam like, we're all going for Kamala this year. Don't be too mad at my girl. Mm. So I thought that was interesting. And another Trump news Also, I think that Trump is trying to create an environment around Taylor Swift to where she gets harassed so much that other celebrities won't feel comfortable in endorsing the vice president because they don't want the problems. Look, he stirred a lot of people's bases. But Taylor Swift's base, they so strong for her. I feel like they don't even, even if they don't agree with the Kamala Harris endorsement, they love her so much. I don't think it's gonna matter.


I don't think it's gonna work. Which is exactly why you shouldn't rule out the,


Take a deep dive into the stories making the news headlines across The World the News agents. We are not just here to tell you what's happening, but why from me, Emily Mala And me, John Sopel with Global's Award-winning podcast. The news agents dropping daily, covering everything you need to know about politics and current affairs and the News agents USA in the race for the White House Listening to the news agents on America's number one podcast network. iHeart open your free iHeart app and search the news agents to start listening.


Hey gorgeous. It's Paris Hilton. Get the party started with my new album, infinite Icon out now and stream the new single Bad Academy Welcome To the Academy. I wanted this album to be an escape. Take people to a happy place where they can heal and party in equal measure. And most of all, be your own unapologetic icon. Listen on iHeartRadio and visit infinite icon.com to order the album sponsored by 1111 Media


Hybrid Nation season is over and it's time to get some sun outside. Gather your crew and hit the road in the spacious 2024 Nissan Pathfinder your getaway to larger than life adventures with spacious seating for eight and available panoramic moonroof. Everyone can enjoy the journey and soak in the scenery of the Great Outdoors Bus with an available toing capacity of up to 6,000 pounds. And an available intelligent forward drive feature with seven drive modes. You can take your favorite toys while victory on new terrains. Seize the thrill. And start exploring with the 2024 Nissan Pathfinder today. Head over to Nissan usa.com to learn more intelligent. All-wheel drive cannot prevent collisions or provide enhanced traction in all conditions. Always monitor traffic and weather conditions. Towing capacity varies by configuration. See Nissan Towing Guide and Owner's manual for additional information. Always secure cargo.


The summer is heating up. So the next time you pop open a Coca-Cola or Coke Zero sugar. Prepare for ice cold drops from Coke Studio. New music from your favorite artists and their latest hitch with drops from new jeans. Carol g Peggy goo usher and Tyler plus live performances at the biggest festivals of the year. Grab taste that moves you. Scan your Coke, a Coke zero sugar 12 ounce can and unlock magic music moments all year long, no purchase necessary. 13 plus and 50 US DC and Canada. 18 plus for select prizes ends October 31st. Rules, eligibility and prize. availability@kochurl.com slash studio usa. Promo Corp Wright 2024, the Coca-Cola Company.


This is it your moment. This is your time to make your comeback with Purdue Global. When you come back with a Purdue Global degree, you create opportunity for yourself, your family, and your future. It's a degree you can be proud of, a degree that employers will trust and respect Purdue Global offers working adults like you. Over 175 flexible degree programs to meet your specific career goals. These include associate, bachelor's, master's, and doctoral degrees and certificates. Purdue global degree programs range from nursing to business to communication and more. Whatever your interest, we have the degree that will move you forward. You have the knowledge, you have the experience. Now it's time to get credit for the work you've done and earn the recognition you deserve with Purdue Global. Purdue's Online University for working adults. You know you're worth it. We do too. So don't wait another second to get the degree that will take your career to the next level. Start your comeback today@purdueglobal.edu.


Best friend Being a swift on the scene at the second that, That's all I'm saying. I wouldn't be surprised if he knew he didn't look like it was all Don't can't shake it off because the wig gonna fall off. Okay. So You know they be saying he got a little toupee. Okay. Y'all ain't never heard that. Y'all don't know about the Lish front Trump. Oh, you talking about Trump? I thought you talking about the shooter. Oh yeah, I thought you talking about the shooter too. I I ain't Seen the shooter Yet. They had a picture of him up. Yeah. I haven't seen, well I haven't seen it yet. So another Trump news, y'all. Donald Trump also confused. Nick, Jim. So Nick Jim is a Latin singer. He came out, we don't have the audio for this 'cause I just added this in this second. But, so he was on stage outta a rally in Vegas and we Ain't got the audio.


No, we got put put Oh look at Y Go ahead. Go ahead. So let's take a listen. This was in Las Vegas on Friday at a Trump rally. Hilarious Latin Music superstar. Nicky Jam. Do You know Nicky? She's hot. Where's Nicky? Where's Nick? Thank you Nikki. Great to be having you here. Now you have to get Oh look, come. I'm glad he came up. That's embarrassing. But that's funny. As Nick Jams went with it though, he just came up and did what he had to do. But that goes the show like You know when, who was it? Sleepy Hollow and Chef g endorsed Trump. And people were like, oh my God. Like people were upset. I'm like, these artists don't really like Trump, don't be really known or caring about these artists Up in Put up.


They just connect with who's hot and whatever market he's in. They Should have told him though, still should have said Nicky James is is a man. You. know what I mean? So he wouldn't go up there and be like, she's hot. Like what If Biden had done this though? It would've been a whole thing. Like this was, it was a shoot when people moved on. But if Biden had done it, they would've been like, put him in a, he needs a wheelchair. He needs to be in a nursing home. I feel the same way about Trump. And they not even trying no more. I feel like Trump has no idea where he's at. And like I keep telling y'all over and over, he does not want to do this anymore. That's when, that's when you just don't give a damn no more. Okay. He's playing in our face every day and he don't care because we don't care. And Nicki Jams, I can't believe he still came up there after Trump did that. It Didn't say anything Going. He didn't say anything like You know what would, What would you do though? I wouldn't Go on stage.


That man had no, he Was already on. He was, he was literally like right there walking up at that point. So now you just don't show like you have to. He said thank you Mr. President. That's All he said. Ima imagine sleeping with a man. What? And he doesn't even know your name. Lauren. Like he calls you a different name soon as y'all done. Does that happen Before? No, but not after y'all done. Before y'all even about to do it. Before y'all even about to do it. See, call Calling me, calling me a different name. Is, is, is. Yeah. No, he's like Linda. But that's what to say. People take It off Linda. People will be sleeping with people and don't know their names all the time. That's people do that. Where? In Delaware. Tell Us more. What You do? The floor Is yours. No, not me. I'm just saying that. Tell us more, Lauren, when you said that, that didn't sound like a normal to me. People do do that. But calling the person a different name. If, you Look so guilty.


Yeah. I mean I you, you please don't ever get arrested. You look so guilty. I'm not Saying it. And everybody shaking head. Everybody shaking their head right. Nah. All right. What's next? Wow. I'm not saying it's me, y'all. It's Too late. How many times did that happen? That has never happened to me. No one's ever called me another person's name. I ain't talking about you. I'm talking about you not knowing these guys names that you be sleeping with. Wow. I that, that has never happened Mom. That has never happened. Mom. Everybody's name that has happened yourself. Lord. Just keep going. Keep Going. I've just seeing people do do that like that. I like that.


Some people do. Anyway, we moving on Back way out back, way out. Personal experience is always best for radio. Lord, good job. That is not a personal experience. Don't put that on me because you already got people think they thinking that I don't shave and that I'm sitting in my house in the dark in a lonely corner. Well, you didn't shave one day and you came in here with Harry Underarms. That was that was true. I didn't make that up. Who? I I look like JD Vans to you. Yeah. I just make that story up. I want y'all to understand everything that this man does up here is diabolical. Don't come up to me giving me an underarm check. The next person who tries to gimme an underarm check. I'm going to, I'm gonna hit you. I wear long sleeves With short sleeves. Well it's about to be winner so it's okay to have Hoodie. Yeah. Mr. Summer was crazy. Can't we get Away from the There was no need to have handy in the summer. Well that is just domestic on the road.


So now when we come back, we got front page news with Morgan and Money Long will be joining us is The Breakfast. Club. Good morning. Morning everybody. It's D djj nv. Just hilarious. Charlamagne the guy. We are The Breakfast Club. Lauren LaRosa's filling in for Jess. And let's get in some front page news. I was gonna give you guys the NFL scores. Real elite, fast Seahawks beat the pages. 2320 commanders beat the Giants at 2118. The Saints washed the Cowboys 44 19 charges, beat the Panthers. 26 3 Packers beat the Colts Browns beat the Jaguars Buccaneers beat the Lions Jets. Beat the Titans. Raiders beat the Ravens Cardinals. Beat the Rams. 41 to 10 Steelers beat the Broncos. 13 six. The Chiefs beat the Bengals. 26 25 the Texans beat The Bears.


1913. And then Monday Night Football. The Eagles take on the Falcons tonight at eight 15 And the Commanders beat the Giants 21 to 18. The Giants have not won a game all season. So I feel like If, you are a Giants fan. You should not talk about any other team watching any other team. You just, you're, you're Oing two. You, you got a butt hole. Okay. You a butt Hole If. you hole come at you like That. You butt hole in two for The year or come at your butthole. We got, we got a little butthole right now, but it's all right. Oh man, Morgan, I know you're not talking. You owe two too. Hey, hey, hey, hey. Not too much. Okay. Anyways, that's a wrap for the Congressional Black Caucuses for 53rd annual legislative conference in Washington DC on Friday I attended the Black Excellence Brunch on the South lawn of the White House.


Shout out to Trell Thomas who created the Black Excellence Brunch back in 2018. But it was the first time that it was actually held at the White House and people came dressed in all white. It was a time ahead of the President Biden's remarks exposed. I spoke exclusively with David Banner and he shared his message to young voters or voters across the board. Let's hear from Banner. If, if black people as a whole don't agree with what we want, the Chester Catt and Alison Wonderland said something so powerful, If, you don't know where you want to go. Any role to do so. What is the agenda? What are we holding any of these candidates to? You know, I I chose to not talk about politics.


'cause I really don't think black people want to hear to hear my opinion about politics in America as it pertains to black people. Surprised this is not, this is not a church gathering. This is not friendship If. you do not get anything outta your black vote than you have been due. I also had the opportunity to speak exclusively with Karen s who urged voters to do their research. Let's hear more from civil This election. More than anything, it's really important to do your own research to see who you want to vote for, who makes sense. Because right now there's so much propaganda out there and it sucks that even people who are leading platforms or misinforming us and leading it in certain ways. So more than ever, it's important to do your own research. Turn on that tv, watch You know.


Watch these debates, see what they have to say. And make sure that you show up to the polls. It's really important to do the justice to your own community. I agree with David Bana. The only thing I would say is that black people aren't monolithic. So You know when you talk about black people coming together as a group, that's gonna be hard to do just because You know. It's just what, what? Everybody got different interests. Everybody got different issues that You know. They, they they wanna see addressed. And as far as what Karen SVA was saying to do your research thing, I agree with that. When and when It's, when it's a normal election. You know what I mean? Like when you have, we when keep treating You know Donald Trump, like he's a normal candidate and that has been the problem. You know the problem is the media and everybody treats him like he's a normal candidate.


You do your research when you have two normal candidates, but he still have to do your research. You gotta do more research with him. What is that? The research, what you mean? He's been impeached twice, right? Okay. He let an attempted cool in his country, right? Like what more is data? What did what what a date of research He had 90 plus criminal charges convicted of 34. Like what, what is date of research? DJ has said Trump might as well had, had gotten into it with the boy. 'cause at least he stopped shooting talking about Drake. Damn y'all. He put three people on the Supreme Court that are, that are, that are that overturned Roe v Ray Wade. And have made it to where we have less civil rights now than we did when I was born in 1978. I mean, I guess you should do your research. You'll find out like maybe you don't know all of that stuff. I Don't know. No, all people know is a stimulus check that they think they got from him, which is not true.


Which his name, They, they did get it from him though. We gotta stop saying that. Like a yes con yes. Congress voted for it, but he still signed it in as president. Yes, but that's, it's not fair to get All of that. Nobody gives the Congress credit for Obamacare. They say that's Obamacare. So like presidents get the good, they get the credit for the good, they get the credit for the bad. You gotta give 'em the credit. Alright, so did not attend that actual event, the White House Black Excellence brunch on Friday. She was in Pennsylvania for a rally. And as you mentioned earlier, the interview President Biden, however, he did address the crowd saying his administration, under his administration black unemployment, the rate has been the lowest on record and more black Americans have healthcare than ever before. Let's hear from Biden.


I've been vice president to the first black president in American history. A president to the first black vice president and God willing as the first female black president in American History. They have to stop letting him speak. Yo, y'all, y'all y'all y'all be fake cheering. Y'all gotta stop letting stop propping Joe Biden up there. He's still a person. Let him spin his last he the days. Cool. Leave him like he, I was wondering if he had a MAGA hat on. Did he have a MAGA hat on? No, he didn't have a MAGA hat on. So on Saturday, Biden also spoke at the CBC Phoenix Awards Dinner saying members of saying its members are in a battle for the soul of the nation. BP Harris, she also spoke at CBC's Phoenix Awards dinner saying, when the CBC fights we win.


Let's hear more from VP Harris' speech at the awards dinner. While we move and fight to move our nation forward toward a brighter future. Donald Trump and his extremist allies intend to take our nation backward. They will give tax breaks to billionaires and big corporations cut Social Security and Medicare and end the Affordable Care Act, which the CBC fought so hard to pass. But we are not going back. VP Harris also used her time to thank members of the Congressional Black Caucus for their efforts to register voters.


And of course her remarks came, come just days ahead. Tuesday's, tomorrow's National Voter Registration Day. Harris will be in Philadelphia, Pennsylvania on Tuesday to sit for an interview with the NABJ National Association of Black Journalists at WHYY. So yeah, and of course the NABJ has also interviewed former President Trump in Chicago last month. So she is the, her campaign has released statements saying that they are going to start talking to journalists and media More. Well she, she, when she, when she does that, I encourage the vice president to just really be herself and trust herself. 'cause like that caller called earlier and said like, people are watching her so much.


We know the script now. Right? Yeah. Like we know the script. We know the story. She's going to tell you can't do that. Like You know. Go and sit down with You know different people where you can just have nice, loose, cool conversations. She's, she's, she's dope. She can do that, right? Yeah. That's your front page news. Yo, you can follow me on social at Morgan Media. I have more audio from that White House Excellence brunch. I talked to a lot of people that day. So you guys can check me out on socials at Morgan Media. M-O-R-G-Y-N-M-E-D-I-A and I'll be releasing those interviews over the next course of days. Follow the Black Information Network for more news coverage and download the free iHeartRadio app@bnews.com. Alright, Thank You. Thank you Morgan. Thank you. Alright, now when we come back, money Along will be joining us.


She has a new album, revenge is out right now and we gonna kick it with money Long, so don't move. It's The. Breakfast. Club. Good morning The. Breakfast Club. Morning everybody. It's DJ Envy. Jess. Hilarious. Charlamagne the guy. We are The Breakfast. Club. Jess is on maternity leave, so Lauren's filling in and we got a special guest in the building. Her album Revenge is out right now. Ladies and gentlemen, money Long. Welcome back here. How you feeling Man? I'm tired. I'm trying to keep up. I'm Tired. I like those honest answers. Nah, it is a lot. You know, trying to keep up, trying to entertain everybody, get sleep so I can sing. Do promo. Be a mom. Yeah, Be a mom. Wow. It's a lot. Yeah. What's Your regimen like?


Like do, when do you sleep? Are you eat, do you eat different when you on runs like this or? Yeah, like I get so hyperfocused sometimes I forget to eat. Ooh, that's not good. Yeah. So I have to have people remind me like Green D. So my routine is all over the place and one thing I do make sure I do is wash my face every night and just kind of like the makeup and dera de decompress. Decompress. Yep. Sometimes I have to, I don't know if this is a word but like de stimulate, like if I'm overstimulated throughout the day I come home, I just don't wanna talk to you Anymore. Nobody talks about that enough overstimulation because we, we are sitting around with these phones all day and between text messages and phone calls and social media, you're constantly, constantly, constantly stimulating.


It's more like in the physical world. So like sometimes you go in these spaces, they're dusty You know my allergies Dusty, a lot of these buildings, but yo I don't understand. We're that Dusty. Are we all right? No, I'm good. It, I'm good. I can breathe clearly in here. Cool. My lawn like I'm tired. I'm I about dusty men. What about 'em just in general, like do you ever ever run across any of those? They'd be scared to talk to me. They should be if they dusty. Yeah. No, most I made guys nervous. Really? Someone's told you that? No, I can see it. I see their lips quivering when they talk to me. Their lips quivering. Guys' been trying to holler at You. Nah, holler just be in my presence. Like they be like, oh she's actually really pretty You. know what I'm saying? How do you feel when people say that to you?


Like when they see you in person, like oh my gosh, she's so, she's really pretty in person 'cause I don't use filters and a lot of stuff like that. Yeah. So, but I think like I have a really great makeup artist and glam team. Give God some credit, money loan Glow by God. Give God some credit Now. Shout out to Jesus that, there You go. But now like I actually look like my pictures when I show up. So I think that's surprising for a lot of people. I used to get offended though. I'm not gonna lie. I used to be like, what you mean? Like you so pretty in person. Well was I ugly? I found that before You know but nah nah, I understand what they're saying. I actually like, yeah look like my picture. I also didn't, I didn't have a self-concept until like six or seven years ago.


What does that mean? I didn't understand how people perceive me. And. I didn't, I didn't know that that was a thing. But You just doing you basically, Yeah, I didn't have a concept of like dark skin, light skin, like none of that. Wow. Pretty ugly. Mm. That's a great space to be in. Yeah, No I got got lucky in that regard where like I never had any confidence issues. Maybe like some weight fluctuation. Like oh I wish I was skinny. But then like last time I was here I was like super skinny and I've that and now I'm just like, yeah, nah, it's not comfortable. Like everything hurts You. know what I'm saying? Like sitting in a chair when you don't got no ass. Oh I know What you mean because we, we dragging over here. I don't know. Yeah, You know I got a little wagon these day.


Like why? Because it's, it's a thing like You know. I know what she saying. Why you decide To lie. When Money Long came in this Morning, she don't got a wagon. I do got a wagon. She said she got a wagon. I've never looked that over. Well the album Revenge. Who you getting revenge on Money Long? Anybody, whoever slept on me, whoever tried me, whoever tried to stop forward motion. I think the best revenge is seeing me everywhere. I, I know I make you itch. Is that for And? I love that for that. Anybody? Is that for somebody in particular that You know people try to itch on you? Oh yeah. A lot of people You know I've been around for a long time but like I helped a lot of people with That. PenFed of yours? Yeah, Just like showing up, helping. I mean I don't just write songs like I, I come up with like the theme and a treatment and You know a lot of times those ideas get taken and you don't get compensated for that.


I think that just comes with being a creative, like I'm an all around creative so I can't help but share my point of view. Yeah. Why did this Body of Work make you use that title? Like, like what? What about these 14 songs made you say, I'm gonna name this revenge. So that was the last song that we did on the album one day. Saron Thomas from Rock City who's written like so many hits in the last, I don't know, five years. And then the dream was there and he just came, they just came to say hello And. I looked around the room. I was like, we got tricky. The dream me, Siron Thomas and Ku Karo who does my vocal producing And I was like, there's no way I'm about to let y'all walk up outta here and not get a song. Like this is crazy. So we was talking about relationships and You know Dream. He liked to argue. So he was talking about just like the male versus female dynamic, how women are like bitter sometimes when they don't get they way, blah blah blah.


And sorry if I'm messing that up. Dream, I'm just paraphrasing. So I started talking about just like I just don't wanna expend my energy that I could be putting into accomplishing my goals by engaging right in your whatever it is exactly like your drama, your, a lot of times people want you to do the emotional labor for them. Like, oh you made me feel like this. Okay, I apologize it won't happen again. But I'm also not gonna sit here and lie to you and tell you that I'm gonna change anything to make you feel better. That's your work. You have to do that. And so I don't want revenge. I'm just gonna continue growing and developing as a human being growing up. And that is the best revenge or the best. Get back time for all the petty, petty stuff.


I know you, you talked on the cruise show a bit about this and you revealed there that you and your, I guess it's estranged husband, I don't know what the title would be. You guys had separated and it was first kind of similar like you, you said you just were tired of dealing with like drama and people not being happy and things of that nature. How much of that went into this album and like how much of it do we feel when we listen to these songs? This was the first time as an artist that I actually was writing things that were straight from my brain. Like a diary? Yeah. Before it was like living vicariously or hearing a story from one of my friends and, and it actually was very scary 'cause I don't like people in my business. And. I also understand that like If, you watch that whole interview.


I was very specific with what I said. I didn't say any of the words that were in the headlines before or anything. I did not say that. Yeah, start Over. But you also left the door open too 'cause you said You know things can change. He can work on himself and maybe things could change in the, in the future. You still feel that way and have y'all worked on it at all? Who is y'all? Okay, maybe not. Has he worked on himself then I should say? I don't know. I have no idea. The only way You know is results. Every day you just choose a better action than the day before. Like you, you make adjustments. That's why I say the best apology is change behavior. Exactly. Yeah. So like the only way I'll know that you won't hurt me is If. you don't, the only way I know that you are gonna do what you say is If. you do it.


Yeah. You know actions versus works. And that's for anyone, like I said, my own mama, my granny, like the only person who won't get that kind of attitude from me would be my child You. know what I'm saying? Because my responsibility to help him grow into a, a wonderful human to operate at his highest level on this planet. Everybody else that's on you. And eventually even him one day I'm gonna have to let him. That's right. Do his thing. It ain't gonna be too far. How old is he? Two. Oh yeah. He got about way to go. He got about 14 years. Yeah. Yeah. Now his birthdays. So our birthday's on the same day actually. So next week Virgo, When they get about 16, that's when they start to become their own little persons.


He Already is now. Yeah. He'd be like, no. I'm like, okay, whatever you say. All right. We got more with Monday Long when we come back, don't move. It's The, Breakfast, Club. Good morning. Morning everybody. It's Djj Envy Jess. Hilarious. Charlamagne the guy. We are The Breakfast, Club Long the Rosas filling in for Jess, we still kicking with money. Long Charlamagne You know You end the you end the album with a song called Ruin Me. Do you feel like a person can really ruin you? It depends on like,


take A deep dive into the stories, making the news headlines across The World, the news Agents. We are not just here to tell you what's happening, but why For me, Emily Mala And me, John Sopel With Global's Award-winning podcast. The news agents dropping daily, covering everything you need to know about politics and current affairs and The news agent's USA in the race for the White House, Listening to the news agents on America's number one podcast network. iHeart open your free iHeart app and search the news agents to start listening.


Hey gorgeous. It's Paris Hilton. Get the party started with my new album, infinite Icon out now and stream the new single Bad Academy Welcome To Academy. I wanted this album to be an escape. Take people to a happy place where they can heal and party in equal measure. And most of all, be your own unapologetic icon. Listen on iHeartRadio and visit infinite icon.com to order the album sponsored by 1111. Media


Hibernation season is over and it's time to get some sun outside. Gather your crew and hit the road in the spacious 2024 Nissan Pathfinder your gateway to larger than life adventures with spacious seating for eight, an available panoramic moonroof. Everyone can enjoy the journey and soak in the scenery of the great outdoors. Plus, with an available towing capacity of up to 6,000 pounds. An available intelligent four wheel drive feature with seven drive modes. You can take your favorite toys while adventuring on new terrains. Seize the thrill and start exploring with the 2024 Nissan Pathfinder today. Head over to Nissan usa. Do com to learn more intelligent All-wheel drive cannot prevent collisions or provide enhanced traction in all conditions. Always monitor traffic and weather conditions. Towing capacity varies by configuration. See Nissan Towing Guide in owner's manual for additional information. Always secure cargo.


The summer is heating up. So the next time you pop open a Coca-Cola or Coke Zero sugar. Prepare for ice cold drops from Coke Studio. New music from your favorite artists and their latest hits with drops from new jeans. Carol g Peggy goo usher, and Tyler plus live performances at the biggest festivals of the year. Grab taste that moves you. Scan your Coke, a Coke zero sugar 12 ounce can and unlock magic music moments all year long, no purchase necessary. 13 plus and 50 US DC and Canada. 18 plus for select prizes ends October 31st. Rules, eligibility and prize. availability@kochurl.com slash studio usa. Promo Corp Wright 2024, the Coca-Cola Company.


This is it your moment. This is your time to make your comeback with Purdue Global. When you come back with a Purdue Global degree, you create opportunity for yourself, your family, and your future. It's a degree you can be proud of, a degree that employers will trust and respect Purdue Global offers working adults like you. Over 175 flexible degree programs to meet your specific career goals. These include associate, bachelor's, master's, and doctoral degrees and certificates. Purdue global degree programs range from nursing to business to communication and more. Whatever your interests, we have the degree that will move you forward. You have the knowledge, you have the experience. Now it's time to get credit for the work you've done and earn the recognition you deserve with Purdue Global. Purdue's Online University for working adults. You know you're worth it. We do too. So don't wait another second to get the degree that will take your career to the next level. Start your comeback today@purdueglobal.edu.


Your interpretation of the record. I think that when I say it, I'm saying that most guys, and like I'm not an expert, I'm not saying all men, but it's always a man. They want a dummy. They want a dummy. They want someone who will not question them, will not. I think that's what they mean by submissive. You wanna be able to continue moving through life, undeveloped, unmotivated, un whatever. You don't want someone to challenge you and push you. And so a lot of times guys won't change, they'll just go find someone who will accept their negative or poor choices.


I think we gotta put a thumb in front of men and guys, some men, some guys. Well, No, I said it's not all men. Yeah, that's not. But it's always a man. Okay. You know again, when I say you ruin me, I'm wise. Now I do not believe you when you say, oh, I love you so much, but your actions are doing something else. So you are ruining me for everybody else. 'cause now I'm watching You. know what I'm saying? It's no more like blind falling in love, loving your dirty draws. Like I love myself and you can support that. And I will allow myself to be in your space and you can experience me loving myself. Mm. Like you gotta meet me where I'm at. Yeah. And we move. So it's my job to love me. It ain't my job to, that is a fact. Give that to you. And by me loving me, it will pour over onto you and you'll feel love.


That is a fact. You know what I'm saying? That's what I mean. It's not about to be No, I'm dropping everything every time. And I. I'm cooking, I'm cleaning. I'm, I was gonna say, does that make it tough for you when you think about trying to move forward and possibly dating, but this is all new. Like, are you even in that space yet where you're even exploring other men? I'm sorry, I'm tired of everybody If you. I don't really like, people don't go outside a lot. Right. So the dating thing? No, no, no. I will say that I, I'm just really, I'm understanding like the game You know what I'm saying? Like there's different games being played. So like there's the relationship game, the marriage game, the career game, the frequency game.


Like, and I'm just focused on like getting my foundation right and getting everything together so that any game I decide to go play good, I'm straight You. know what I'm saying? I think that as women sometimes we get distracted by relationships and we start putting everything into it. So I'm not saying no. Anybody who's coming in making me feel unsure about anything or disturbing my peace, you gotta go, you gotta go down to a mosquito or a fly. Like, I, I just don't have time. How do You know that you're not becoming what you hate? Meaning like If you, You're, I don't Hate anything. I'm saying If, you're upset about something or a relationship or hurt about something that happened in a relationship. How do You know you're not projecting that onto other people?


I think I've reached a level of self-awareness where I'm always asking questions and I'm still in a very much in like a discovery, exploration, childlike. Like maybe there's something here that I don't understand. What is this right? What You know And, I'm always inquiring for like even when I get pissed, like it happened last night. Somebody did something like, but You know it. It is like, I be like, are you okay? You need something? You thirsty. Who you here with? Like, I be trying to figure out, because you got to be out your mind. You not talking to me. What did they Do to get you that, to piss you off? But I would say girl like walked past and was like, she wasn't looking at anyone and she just was like, oh, have a good night. Meanwhile, I'm trying to get a table. We went to the last lap.


Okay. Some restaurant You know they got like three tables in there. I'm trying to eat. I'm hungry, I'm cold, I'm tired. She told you have a good night. She Said she said it out in the And That pissed you Off Ether? No. Oh. But when she kept walking past, she and You know I, I could feel energy. She said, I guess not. Oh. But it was like directed at me now. Oh. Because you ain't say nothing back to her. But I'm on my phone. I'm trying to, I'm like, maybe I could get a burger. Like, y'all take it too long. I'm hungry. And, I turned around. And I looked at my friend and he started laughing. He was like, friend, don't do it. I was like, she can't be talking to me.


I know she not talking to me. I don't like that kind of stuff. 'cause to me that says that you think you could beat me up. Oh wait, that was, that was very al very, very al. You think you could beat me up? No. I, I Yo You know what I'm saying? The same way. Don't talk like that. Nah, You bullying me. I don't like that. Don't Beat me up. Huh? So what did you say in the response? No, she, she was walking out. I said she can't be talking to me. I know she not. And they just kept walking. Like, I think they was like, Ooh yeah, don't do that money long. Because I'm very nice. I'm quiet like You know. A few people have like a perception of me. I will beat you up. Like, don't do that It way. Did you look at Talking to me? That's crazy. When's the last time you got into a fight? Because you said you could still fight. What's The last time you fought?


I don't fight no more. I'm too rich for that now You know what I'm saying? But I never lost one. Actually You know my first fight I lost. But I be, I do Because I feel it is like, you don't wanna fight. You don't wanna fight someone who is afraid You. know what I'm saying? Because You know what they're gonna do. I'm always scared to get hit. So I'm gonna make sure you can't hit me. Never lost. But don't be not fighting anyone. Don't be taking that as a challenge because I'm not Gonna do, You're gonna go to jail. I'm gonna call those people. You have a, you have a song called thirties. How much have you learned from your thirties? I have learned over the last 10 years. 'cause I started my self reflection and like internal journey at 26.


So over the last 10 I have learned that everybody's on their own individual course and that you cannot interfere with free will. So no matter how much I might want something for you, who am I to take that from you? That lesson or that opportunity to grow and learn? 'cause you could choose to learn through joy. You don't have to learn through drama and trauma. Right. But most of the time people are not motivated to change anything until stuff gets very uncomfortable. And so I've learned to just like relax and be like, eh, we got all 10 fingers and toes, we breathing. That's right. You. know what I'm saying? Grateful. Gratitude. Yeah. Gratitude. But also just like a, a deep understanding and like lack of like, I'm not afraid of anything anymore.


You know. Yeah. Not afraid to lose people. I understand. Like it probably won't hurt. Yeah. On thirties, it sound like you singing about the fear of being alone. Yeah. So that's a fear, right? No. That's just a space. You Not for me, it's like I don't want that. Okay. I don't wanna be alone. Like with no companionship. That doesn't necessarily mean a relationship. That could just mean like, You know. If I feel like I look cute sometimes I might wanna talk to somebody and be like, mm. Tell me I'm pretty like You. know what I'm saying? Do you ever look back because you spent from 25 to now 35 married and you guys are figuring out whatever's gonna happen next or not that you spent so much of your time being married that it's like figuring out this new world by yourself is like, it's just like a space. It's gonna be so new that it's like something that maybe you are not ready to jump into or you don't know how to jump into it.


Like you don't know how to navigate it because it's like a new, like you've always been in a, in mar in a marriage, you're Saying you've never been single. Yeah. Like you've Never been single. Now I don't even know you're single now. I, Yeah. We really, it's really hard to talk about. 'cause I don't really know like what? Like y'all are separated. 'cause she Didn't say the D word. Yeah. Divorce didn't come out your mouth. You know one thing I'll say about this And I know a lot of people are gonna wanna ask me, they're gonna wanna know. But I know that my words are very powerful. And, I have what I say. I, so I just wanna be careful about what I say because I don't wanna draw things to me. I love that for you You know what I'm saying? When I say somebody's name, they appear. Mm. So I don't wanna You know what I mean? I got you. Beetle Juice. All right. We got more with money Long. When we come back, let's get into a joint off the album. It's called Ruin Me and it's The Breakfast Club.


Good morning. That was ruining me money. Long morning everybody. We are The Breakfast Club. We're still kicking it with money. Long. Now listening to the album, what made you so cold? Because something Had to have, I'm not cold with, I just, I'm focused on me. That's it. I think I have decentered men, I have decentered relationships. And what the The World teaches you, your role is as a woman, I'm just here to have fun, to experience the best that life has to offer. And I will share it with who I want to. Not because I feel like I need to be with Nah. Also too, like what guy can handle this? You know. Was that a part of it? Because he was a, your husband, you guys have done so much together industry wise in this, like Yeah, I mean, yeah.


It it seems like it every time that how it looks. Yeah. But also too how you used to talk about him. Like I know you talked about like y'all working on the label together and like he helped produce some of your songs, correct? Right. So it just, it seemed like you guys were talking You know sometimes as a wife you just wanna say things to help encourage things to go in a certain direction. I understand that Affirm and motivate gently prod, but that doesn't always mean that it's connecting. Wow. And why do you think a man can't handle you? The same way? You talking about You know you don't wanna talk about No, I didn't take me. I said this. All of this stuff that comes with being money long plenty Of guys. There's guys, you, you, unless you don't want to industry guy, there's, there's guys that You know exactly what you're dealing with As a woman.


I understand why industry men behave the way they behave. I would never date one. It's so easy. You have whatever you want. Get whatever you want. Sleep with whatever you want. You're not about to play in my face. Are You picking up that PenFed while you going through all of this? Because I'm always writing. Okay. Because some high music can come from this. My God, I'm sorry that you're going through whatever you're going through, but Lord have mercy. I know you're making some fire records. I haven't been in the studio, but I probably, again, I, I get what I say, so I wanna make sure I'm saying things that I want to appear versus Gotcha. You know I'm so mad I'm not. I wake up every day so happy. Like I've surrounded myself with the most wonderful, warm, funny, like me and my friend group are hilarious.


That's needed. Yeah. Anytime. So like, it is just so fun. Like You know we have our own little inside jokes. I laugh through the pain like You know what I'm saying? Like I'll pick up something like a, a pickle and I'll be like, everything reminds me of you You know, just like so funny. What kind of pickle depends? Sometimes it's a big pickle. A Little. I don't want every pickle to remind me of you now what size is the pickle? A Yo. Nope. A yo. What size is the pickle story of my life? When you talk about your words and your PenFed being powerful, do you ever feel like your, some of your songs might be too op open and too honest?


Like you might be putting too much out there. Nah, You know. It's this this weird thing that I have this effect on people where even in real life, I'm only telling you what I want you to know. There's so much. But a lot of times people really think they know me. Like they feel like, oh, that's my, that's my homegirl, that's my friend. I'll be like, I talked to this one time. Like, what? That's crazy. You don't know me like that. Like if I actually like you, I talk to you. I open up. But if I don't know you or if I don't feel safe around you, I know how to make people feel welcome and warm and cared about And, I. Think sometimes people mistake death for like actual care and concern. Superpowers. What are your superpowers? My superpower is detachment. Like it really is now in reference to the song, what I'm talking about is like, I get what I say and every aspect of my life, I'm super successful.


Why not hear in this You Know in this what relationship or Yeah. Yeah. Why can this not? And that doesn't just mean romantically. It could be family, but why doesn't my power work in this area really want this? Wow. So I think so many people in relationships can relate to that. A lot of people 'cause you date potential sometimes, and you see the potential before the other person does. And you're like, come on, why? See, I don't, I can't relate to that. I don't know what that means. If I like you, I like you. All that other stuff don't matter until you be like, I'm cool. And then I detach that. You ask me my superpower. Poof. You never existed. Dang. I don't Believe that. You don't. No, I don't believe That at all. Not with your husband.


When you writing stuff like every night I've been crying. I can't fall asleep laying in the bed in my my diamonds. I still wear my ring. Why you Still wearing the ring song? Huh? Why you still wearing the ring? Not today, but in this song, that's a song. Okay, but you said we were reading your diary. So we take you at your word. No. That had nothing to do with y'all. All right. Remember Some things, remember words are powerful. So you telling us you don't let that man no more. You telling us you dont want be with that man no more. When you say love, oh, what do you mean by that? Love. Love. Romantic love. No. Or don't look at me girl. I don't know all of the above. I can't help you With this one. Parenting love, all of the above. Spinning the too death to us part love. Want to still be with you and have a family. Let's figure life out. Do better or worse.


Love. I don't know. But you could fall out of love. I don't know. I'm very, I'm detached from you. I Don't No, you are not. You, you acting so tough and maybe you are, I don't know. I'm not But ain't we talk about this last time, me being on the spectrum. Yes, we did. Yes we did. Is there a reattachment that happens? I don't, I mean, I don't know how that works when you on the spectrum. I don't know. I think with anyone, there's a safety and trust issue, Right? Once that's violated, it's, I read somewhere it takes two years to regain trust once you, once it's broken. So just consistent behavior, which we talked about in the beginning, Depending on a person could take way longer than that actions, depending on how You is, depending on what it is. But if I, if I consistently come over to your house and every time I come, your dog bites me.


Put the dog up, or I'm gonna assume that you are okay with that and you don't feel the need to keep me safe. So I'm not gonna come back over here On the fun side Of things. You do have Gorilla on the album, but I love her. She's the only feature. Why is she the only feature? I, first of all, I feel like I don't really make songs that require that. Yeah. I really wanna stress the fact that like, this project was a and r. It wasn't like got you just in the free in the studio, free sty and making records. Like I wanted to have certain tones like, what don't I have here? Does this song need drums? Does it not? I don't know You know. So we really thought about like who could be on my records? And it's not, I don't believe in that just throwing an artist on a song just 'cause they got 50 million monthly listeners.


Like right You know what I'm saying? Does it make sense? I actually really like Glow. She's funny, super talented. And she's singing on there. So when I first heard it, I was like, oh, sing rilla. I love this for me. Yeah, I don't, I don't make songs that, if anything it would be like a, a duet male female. Right. But who would that be? There's not very many active r and b men. Who is there? I already have a song with Usher. I'm working on getting one with Chris. Maybe I just came off tour with him. How Was that? Fun. Yeah. Super fun. What Did you learn on the 1111 tour? I learned how to push my energy all the way to the top and to connect with everybody. It was my first tour.


So like looking back at the footage, even now, I'm just like, wow. I can see like the, the greenness. But when I was in it, it's just like, it was just new. I gotta, I gotta get up here. Yeah. Like I, I gotta do it. There was only one night where it wasn't that great and that's just because like the first night in Atlanta, they was like, girl, who is you? We came here to see Christopher. We do we do that with you. Really? Yeah. People hours and hours and all the songs and all the, I mean, they always in the last 15 minutes of my set Got you. The, the arena light up. Everybody's singing. That's never gonna get old. But like all the songs in the middle that maybe some people know and some people don't. That's where the work is, is like for me, connecting with them and showing them who I am, talking to them, showing my personality, things like that.


So it was fun. I Learned a lot. Ladies and gentlemen. Money long, money long. We appreciate you for joining us. Thank You so much for Having me. It's The. Breakfast. Club. Good morning. Morning everybody. It's CJNV. Just hilarious. Charlemagne the guy. We are The. Breakfast. Club. Let's get to just with the Mess with Laura La Rosa. Your music is real weather. Just Robin Moore. Just don't do no lie. Don't do, She don't spare nobody Worldwide. Worldwide. On The. Breakfast Club. She's the coach. Lauren, Lauren back. And. I got the mess. Talk, talk to me. So I know we talked about Kamala earlier this morning and her speaking over the weekend, but there were other reports about what she was wearing over the weekend as well too.


And this was a big deal. She was in a black sequin dress and there were a few outlets that did reports on it. And they made mention of a designer. His name is Laquan Smith. So I wanted to take some time out. I had reached out to Quan's team and Laquan Smith is an amazing designer. He's from New York. He's in the fashion scene, especially for black designers. He's the go-to like, his show is the show. You wanna go to Fashion Week? Did you go this year? I didn't. I did not go this year. But he's always one of the big shows though. Okay. And she's warned his designs before, but I thought that it was like so fire for her to replatform him. Now that she is You know she's gonna be our next president hopefully. But I, I reached out to him. And I just asked him You know what, what does this moment kind of mean for you? And how did this come about? Because I know that she's big on supporting small businesses black on businesses.


And was that the reason why she doubled back to make sure she wore you in this moment? And what he said to me was that Vice President Harris has always been a supportive of supportive Laquan Smith brand. And it's been such an honor to design her on multiple occasions. He also talked about the fact that they have a shared understanding and mutual respect that comes from having a journey rooted in hard work, resilience and creativity. He says as a black designer, he really understands the challenges of navigating the industry he's in. And and he thinks that President Vice President Harris understands the significance of representation and support for black owned businesses. It's always more than just fashion for anybody that's designing, but especially when you're a black designer, you're trying to build things like legacy community and you wanna show other people what's possible when we s when we support one another.


And I thought the legacy conversation was imp was a great piece for him to add because it's tough when you're in a creative industry and you, if you're a small business, but if you're a small business in a creative industry, like a lot of those people don't get a lot of the benefits that someone with like a salary job does or just the support in general. And then you're putting money out to create, continue to create your art. So the fact that she's even You know leaning in as much as she is with a Laquan Smith. I thought that that spoke very well to who she is as a person, but also too the fashion moments I'm always here for. And it reminded me of like Michelle Obama always had a way about her where like she always knew, and her team always knew which black designers to platform and who was coming up and who was popping. So Kamala got some good fashion eyes on her team and It wasn't a suit this time, right?


It Wasn't a suit. So it was a column sequin dress. And that was something too that he talked about because he was saying that You know, normally we do see her in like harder, more like kind of like almost masculine style pants, suit style pants suits. But he tried to structure the dress. It was a column dress. So he tried If, you look at it, he tried to structure it where it kind of still gave suit at the top, but it was a dress. Okay. So yeah. And then what's the look to that Brother? Yes. Shout saying what's his, He got a website or something. Laquan Smith is the brand. So you can just Google him. Gotcha. He's everywhere. I'm sure he has a website and he, he also does stuff right off the runway for people that are looking to pull for other talent. True. But now moving on to the Emmys. Now the Emmys have been last night there were a lot of winners. A lot of these winners, I'm not even gonna lie to y'all, y'all are not gonna recognize they Don't be promoting the Emmys no more like that.


Right? Because I didn't even know it was on The Emmys is huge. I don't even know. If, you have to promote the Emmys, right? I was Watching football. Go ahead. No, but I felt the same way though. Like it just popped up. So I'm gonna go through some of the categories. So I was send in comedy series Hacks won, they won over Abbott Elementary, outstanding lead actor in a drama series Hero Yuki Sonata. You guys know him? Nope. Nope. Here he is. Get to know him. Okay. Okay. Did you pronounce his name right? I wrote down the pronunciation. So I do believe I did. And if I didn't, I apologize. But he was the first, he is now the first Japanese actor to win Best Lead in a drama. So shout out to him. Okay. We also have outstanding supporting actor in a comedy series.


Evan Moss Bacara. He won for the Bear. Now I don't, I I'm not familiar with him, but the Bear. Everybody watch The Bear Funny. Yes, everybody talks about the Bear. I see It all the time, but I never watched it. I'm gonna Take a look at it. That show took home a lot last night. The Emmy's and then Jody


Take a deep dive into the stories, making the news headlines across The World the News agents. We are not just here to tell you what's happening, but why for me, Emily Meatless and Me John Sopel with Global's Award-winning podcast. The news agents dropping daily, covering everything you need to know about politics and current affairs and The news agent's USA in the race for the White House, Listening to the news agents on America's number one podcast network. iHeart open your free iHeart app and search the news agents to start listening.


Hey gorgeous. It's Paris Hilton. Get the party started with my new album, infinite Icon out now and stream the new single Bad Academy Welcome To the Bad Academy. I wanted this album to be an escape. Take people to a happy place where they can heal and party in equal measure. And most of all, be your own unapologetic icon. Listen on iHeartRadio and visit infinite icon.com to order the album sponsored by 1111 Media


Hybrid Nation season is over and it's time to get some sun outside. Gather your crew and hit the road in the spacious 2024 Nissan Pathfinder your getaway to larger than life adventures with spacious seating for eight and available panoramic moonroof. Everyone can enjoy the journey and soaky in the scenery of the great Outdoors. Plus with an available toing capacity of up to 6,000 pounds. And an available intelligent four-wheel drive feature with seven drive modes. You can take your favorite toys while victory on new terrains. Seize the thrill and start exploring with the 2024 Nissan Pathfinder today. Head over to Nissan usa.com to learn more intelligent. All-wheel drive cannot prevent collisions or provide enhanced traction in all conditions. Always monitor traffic and weather conditions. Towing capacity varies by configuration. See Nissan Towing Guide and Owner's manual for additional information. Always secure cargo.


The summer is heating up. So the next time you pop open a Coca-Cola or Coke Zero sugar. Prepare for ice cold drops from Coke Studio. New music from your favorite artists and their latest hits with drops from new jeans. Carol g Peggy goo usher and Tyler plus live performances at the biggest festivals of the year. Grab taste that moves you. Scan your Coke, a Coke zero sugar 12 ounce can and unlock magic music moments all year long, no purchase necessary. 13 plus in 50 US DC and Canada. 18 plus for select prizes ends October 31st. Rules, eligibility and prize availability@cokeurl.com slash studio usa. Promo Co Wright 2024, the Coca-Cola Company.


This is it your moment. This is your time to make your comeback with Purdue Global. When you come back with a Purdue Global degree, you create opportunity for yourself, your family, and your future. It's a degree you can be proud of, a degree that employers will trust and respect Purdue Global offers working adults like you, over 175 flexible degree programs to meet your specific career goals. These include associate, bachelor's, master's, and doctoral degrees and certificates. Purdue global degree programs range from nursing to business to communication and more. Whatever your interest, we have the degree that will move you forward. You have the knowledge, you have the experience. Now it's time to get credit for the work you've done and earn the recognition you deserve with Purdue Global, Purdue's Online University for working adults. You know you're worth it. We do too. So don't wait another second to get the degree that will take your career to the next level. Start your comeback today@purdueglobal.edu.


Foster Jody Foster won Best lead. Y'all know Jody, I already showed you guys. Y'all know Jody Foster, right? Yeah. We Know Jody Foster. I never know y'all be acting like anybody that's white. It's just like not in non-existent. She does The exercise tapes. I don't know. Jody Foster, she did the exercise tape. That's Jay Fonda, you idiot. Let Me see. Jodie Foster You know her from Silence to the Lambs. Remember she played Clarice Silence To the Lambs? Oh yeah. Yeah. She was on Friends. Yeah. This white breaks down for y'all. It crazy on No, She was friends. Oh, I know her from friends. First Of all, you say every white person is a part of friends. First Of all, I get white people mistaken on purpose because they always do it to us. You saw they did to Terrance Crawford over the weekend. Kenrick up. That was so I do it on purpose. That was foul. Okay. She do look like Jay fond a little bit. So yes, Jody Foster, her exercise videos were amazing in the eighties there. Go yo, that is so crazy.


Well, her win was like, she got a senate in Ovation for her win because basically like the story, the the the show that she's a part of, they tell stories of indigenous people. So people have been supporting that. And then also too, so She was a Native American. She played Native American in The show. She played a, like a detective in the show that's figuring out different murders that go like, oh my God, Why you trying to explain to him You know what he's doing. Keep going. Right. You, you think Hollywood wouldn't do that? Hollywood would not have her playing a Native American. Yes they would. No they wouldn't. No. I would hope Not. No. Okay, so then moving on. Why You got that picture right there. Don't, I'm, don't don't. I'm gonna get to that. Oh, okay. So moving on. Outstanding Lee Actor in a comedy series. Jeremy Allen White.


I don't even, he's so white. I don't even have his picture. Jesus, outstanding supporting actress in a comedy series. Now this was a big deal as well too. Liza Colon Zaz. And we actually have her acceptance speech. Let's take a listen to her speech. She won from, she won supporting actress in a comedy series from the Bear. Thank you to my husband David Zaas. He told me to write a speech. And I didn't because I didn't think it would be possible. How, how could I have thought it would be possible to be in the presence of Meryl Streep and Carol Burnett, and Janelle and Cheryl Lee, Ralph and Hannah. I love you all. I I revere you to the bottom of my heart.


Other women and my, my mommy. Mommy, I thank you. You've always my family, my grandkids. And, and thank you to my beautiful cast Christopher Joanna, thank you. Thank you. Thank you for giving me a new life with this show. Now Eliza, she actually made history as well too. She is now the first Latina actress to win in the outstanding supporting actress in a comedy series category. Well, congrats to her. Ironically, the one time I turned to the Emmy last night, she was giving her a substance speech. Really? Yep. Look at the Gods. Okay. Right back to football. All righty. Now we do have some other things that I wanna hit before we have to wrap. So, outstanding scripted variety series last week tonight with John Oliver.


We know who John Oliver is 'cause he'd be at the cookout a little bit. Yes, but I still printed out his photo for y'all. Thank you. You don't be at the cookout though. Y'all are so quick to put this. You Say, yeah, you was quick to say yes Because I watched John Oliver, but we ain't At the cookout. No. Now listen. Outstanding talk series. Are you an Emmy winner? Now? Is this guy Emmy winner? 'cause you, you've hosted it That that don't mean anything. I was a guest host before I Where's that picture? That's Joe RB singer Joe. That was, I was a guest host. And I. Do a little, that's not like Jen recurring segment Every now and then. That's not Life Jennings. It don't look not like Morris Chest. I know that for A fact. I don't like cut his hair. No. Who? Me? And Life Jennings don't look nothing alike. You like you not even shooting in the same gym. You and Morris Chestnut don't look nothing like that.


He's not even shooting in the same What about my guy Lamo? We're getting to that pick up la We're Getting trust. We're getting to that. So of the evening, one of the big wins was Mourne, who won in? Ooh, lemme go back to my first page. Who won? Find the white people picture so easily. Now you Gotta find a Black Man. Say for him. Then you throw me up. Okay. So he won in. Damn. Wow. Wow. You know all the Taylor Swift stuff. You know All Morning Round All those white people Up You. know what I'm saying? And all those other people that is Crazy. This crazy. She's Latino playing. That was crazy. Now you can't find a black man. Now we gotta wrap up. No.


If Taylor Swift pick up, You gonna give lamour in his own moment. You know, disrespectful you Can't even find. So, wow. It's all these papers, man. Donkey today. Up next. No, I got it. It's too late. Sandy Supporting Actor in a limited series. And this was his first Emmy. You throw that away like that. We gonna come back to it. Yes. Y'all know who he is. I printed out the people you guys did not Know. We gonna give Lamo his proper respect when we come back. Don't do it. Proper respect. Like I wasn't giving him his, his his just, he was one of the first audio. Be putting his system today, All morning long. Now when it comes to the Brother Emmy, I mean Emmy. Emmy. See, look at you, me dog in the days up next to The. Breakfast, Club. Good morning, Donald J John calling for a total and complete shutdown of Muslims entering the United States.


Wouldn't you love to see one of these NFL owners when somebody disrespects our flag to say, get that son of bitch off the field right now out. He's fired. He's fired. Please step up to the congregation. Yes, You Are a dead Trump. When Mexico sends its people. They're not sending their best. They're bringing drugs. They're bringing crimes. They're rapists. These are a jackass. Yes. Donkey today for Monday, September 16th, goes to a man who could potentially be vice president of the United States of America, JD Vance. At some point we are gonna have to realize that JD may stand for James David, but it also might stand for just dumb.


May even stand for Jackass Donkey. This guy is the weapon formed against Donald Trump. If any pastor ever said the Trump no weapon formed against you will prosper. I will scream by Humbug and tell him, look to his vice presidential running mate. Okay, JD Vance is the reason why I now understand why vice presidents are better off scene and not heard. Last time I saw a VP heard a candidate like JD Vance hurts Trump. And it's not like Trump needs any help hurting himself. Her name was Sarah Palin. But JD Vance, he makes Sarah Palin look like Michelle Obama. Now I'm gonna give JD Vance some credit. He is on all these Sunday morning news shows, unscripted answering any questions they throw at 'em.


I need to see more of that from Harrison Walls. It's one thing to do interviews, but you can't be resorting to all your talking points, Madame Vice president because all eyes are on you. And when folks hear you repeating some of the same stories over and over, it starts to feel like it's not authentic. So that is where JD van stem have a slight advantage except for the fact that I'm sure there are plenty of Republicans. Okay? Plenty of people who wish JD Vance would shut the hell up ever. Who wish JD Vance would be on the script, okay? Would have some talking points because when he wins it, oh boy, he says things like this. See, JD Vance was on CNN State of the Union, and Dana Bash asked him about the claims he made in regard to the Haitians eating pets. You remember the whole Haitians eating pets thing, right? Let's listen.


Listen to Trump on the debate stage, repeating that lie in Springfield, they're eating the dogs, the people that came in, they're eating the cats. They're eating, they're eating the pets. There was a nice little bop by the way that somebody made Oh yeah. Heard he made a song today A bop. Yeah. It is hard. It is a bop. You hear me? But yes, JD said he felt the need to create stories so that the media actually pays attention to the suffering of the American people. He admit, he just kind of made it all up. I can't make this kind of stuff up. And I wouldn't because I'm not JD Vance. Let's go to CNN State of the Union for the report Police. Can You affirmatively say now that that is a rumor that has no base basis with evidence, Dana?


The evidence is the firsthand account of my constituents who are telling me that this happened. And by the way, I've been trying to talk about the problems in Springfield for months, and the American media ignored it. There was a congressional hearing just last week of angel moms who lost children because Kamala Harris let criminal migrants into this country who then murdered their children. The American media totally ignored this stuff until Donald Trump And I started talking about cat memes if I have to. But it wasn't Just a, a Mem to create stories so that the American media actually pays attention to the suffering of the American people then that's what I'm gonna do, Dana, because you guys are completely letting Kamala Harris coast.


You, you just said that this is a story that you created. Yes. So, so the the eating dogs and cats thing is not are We are creating, I say that we're creating a story, meaning we're creating the American media focusing on it. If I have to create stories so that the media actually pays attention to the suffering of the American people, I will. This is why you can't trust anyone except for me. Because I tell you, I tell you that you should believe me even though I'm lying. Okay. Ryan Holiday wrote a fantastic book that everyone should read called Trust Me, I'm Lying. And that is me. Okay? That should be all of us. I will tell you that I'm lying because I wanna give you the choice on whether you should believe this lie or not. I know you are probably gonna believe me anyway because you want to. All right. It's the same reason the FDA puts warning labels on cigarettes.


You know, and, and, and they tell you these things cause cancer, but you smoke anyway. Okay? You should always give people the choice. JD Vance did not. JD Vance said he wants to bring attention to the large Haitian population that is here in Springfield illegally. Can I tell you the truth of the matter? America, the vast majority of Haitians are in the US in Springfield legally through a temporary protected status that has been allocated to them due to the violence and unrest in their home country. And their status must be renewed after 18 months. You know how I know this because I read. Okay. It's not complicated. All you have to do is read past the headline. Yeah, I'm old school guys. I was born in 1,978. I still read the whole article and not just the headline.


Now let me tell you what JD Vance's rumor has caused bomb threats aimed at local hospitals and government offices. And JD Vance doesn't want to get any credit for that. Let's listen. You're Not just a bystander, you're the senator from Ohio. So instead of saying things that are, are wrong and actually causing the hospitals, the schools, the government buildings to be evacuated because of bomb threats, because of the cats and dogs thing, why not actually be constructive and helping to better integrate them into the community? First Of all, let me just respond to, to a couple things that you said. But I wanna start with something that you said, which I think is frankly disgusting and is more appropriate for a democratic propagandist than it is for an American journalist.


There is nothing that I have said that has led to threats against these hospitals. These hospitals that bomb threats and so forth. It's disgusting. The violence is disgusting. We condemn it. We condemn all violence, violence. Senator, this happened after you and President Trump were on. Dana were on the debate stage, Said Dana, no, Cats and dogs Asked. You asked a question. Dana And I gonna go ahead and answer it. You just accused me of inciting violence against the community when all that I've done is surface the complaints of my constituents. JD Vance. You are the same person who after Donald Trump got shot at the first time, okay, the first attempt on his life you tweeted, the central premise of the Biden campaign is that President Donald Trump is an authoritarian face who must be stopped at all costs.


That rhetoric led directly to President Trump's attempted assassination. You tweeted that JD V almost immediately after someone tried to take Trump out the first time. So If, you believe rhetoric can lead to things like attempted assassination attempts. Why don't you think your rhetoric could lead to bomb threats on local hospitals and government offices? Why don't you believe your rhetoric could lead to people trying to hurt Haitians, not just in Springfield, but all around the country? Here's the thing about America. There is enough real issues going on in this country that we don't have to put no sauce on it, jd. Okay? This is the first time in my life that I am actually encouraging a white person not to put seasoning onto it's onto something. Okay? You don't have to.


When you are actually focused on the issues, when you aren't focused on the issues, you have to deflect and distract with silly ass stories like this. jd, stop playing with the American people's realities and more importantly, stop playing with their lives. Please, please give JD Vance the biggest. He haw. Matter of fact, let Chelsea handler give JD Vance the biggest. He haw. He Haw, he haw. That is way too much den mayonnaise. Too much mayonnaise. Alright. They Don't get in trouble for that. Just like making stuff like a millions, just like making stuff up. They've Been doing it for the last what, 10 years? Yeah, but like, I don't know. It just feels You know ish. You know. Donald Trump at one time said, If, you drink bleach, it'll cure covid.


Yeah. And that should have been a crime. It should be a crime. But as we have learned in this country, this country has no actual rules or regulations or laws or even knows how to handle people like the Donald Trump's in the JD Vance's of The World, right? They have, they don't even know how to, how to deal with that type of privilege. But I will say this, speaking of dealing with it all my Haitian brothers and sisters, what y'all waiting on, man? You still need a piece. Do you need a piece of JD Vance's hair? A fingernail maybe can't use a piece. Piece of Trump's head would be a waste of good waste of some good voodoo, because that's a tope Jesus. All right? But it's time for someone to cough up a frog. See, white privilege is strong, but black magic is stronger.


Alright, Come on. Alright. You know what to do. Slu. To all my Haitians out there, Sae. I was, I was talking to You know my, my best friend is DJ Monon Renin. He's Haitian. And I spoke to him this week and he said, yo, bro, do You know how many times I had to tell people that I'm not trying to eat their pets? He was like, people really come to me and ask me, which is crazy. People Come to me and ask me about my underarms. Charman, same thing you, you got some apologizing To do. Pet ferry, your under furry. You wanna talk to people about what you made up pet? Defer your underarms. Furry is the same thing, Lauren. Jesus Christ. All right, when we come back, Michael Eric Dyson will be joining us. He has a new book and we gonna chop it up with him next. So don't move. It's The. Breakfast. Club. Good morning, The. Breakfast Club.


Morning everybody. It's DJ Envy. Jess. Hilarious. Charlemagne the guy. We are The. Breakfast. Club. Lauren Roso, of course, filling in for Jess. We got a special guest in the building. Yes Indeed. The Brother Michael Eric Dyson. Keep the light skinned brothers alive. How You feeling brother? Man, I'm feeling like we still riding with Drake, so let's hang on as long as we can. Michael Eric Dyson got a new book out called Represent the Unfinished Fight for the For the Vote, right? Yes sir. Yes sir. Man You know, look, thank the publishing guides. I was like, it's pretty good timing. Yes, for what we're doing, my co-author, mark Favreau, brilliant writer and gifted historian. And we wanted to talk about an issue that's central to what we're dealing with here in America today.


And that's voting and why people should vote, how they fought forward over time and what it means to us today. And people think voter suppression might be new, like they've seen January 6th and all these other You know recent You know incidents that have tried to suppress the vote. But this book discusses other attempts to suppress the vote and deny the vote that go, that go way back. Can you talk about that? Yes Sir. Great, great point. Let's just talk about your state. South Carolina in the 18, I think it was 76 election, where they were deliberately trying to suppress the black vote. Right? And these were the Democrats who were in power, who were trying to maintain that power.


And back then it was the Democrats who were the party of the racists and what we subsequently knew as dixiecrats. So they invented this militia called the Red shirts and they were riding roughshod over black people doing illegal stuff to suppress the vote. You know. So January 6th did not start it. It's part and parcel of what we have done as a government in America. And unbeknownst to a lot of people, January 6th, ain't no outlier unless you say they out lying and not telling the truth about what's going on in American politics. What do you think about what's going on today with the race? Of course, Joe Biden You know pushed him out, right? Kamala Harris here, new energy. What is your thoughts on the whole thing?


Lemme part a little. Look. The homie from my homie Joe Biden. I know it's unpopular. I was with that white man to the wheels fellow. I didn't care. Just put it weak in at Bernie's. Push him on the damn You know wheelchair, push him in the room. 'cause that was still acceptable over what we were facing. Now there's no question that there were questions and concerns. You all were on the front line raising those questions. Other people were doing it more nefariously behind the scenes, ostensibly supporting, but all the time stabbing you with the knife. Joe Biden, I think could've still won. It would've been much closer. It'd been a much tighter race how than ever.


As James Brown would say, there is no doubt that the shift in energy to Kamala Harris is remarkable. Let's be real. It's gotta surprise Kamala Harris. You ever done something? You go like, damn, I ain't know I was that good. Yeah, I didn't know I was gonna come like that. Yeah, nobody could have predicted it. You know what they were predicting. White women ain't gonna stand up for that black woman because white women were voting disproportionately in their numbers for Donald Trump the last time around. What? They didn't support Hillary to the degree that they should have Anyway. So what makes us think that they're gonna support this black woman from California? Well, lo and behold they is. And Republican women are out there doing their things. I hope it's a reverse.


Tom Bradley effect. You know the Tom Bradley effect named California, the governor of California, which meant white people would say, oh yes, well vote for the Negro. We're going to support him, and then go in their booth and then boom, vote for the white guy. I think the reverse might happen this time around that white women might tell their husbands and other interested parties, yes, yes, I a Trumper, and then go in there and support Kamala Harris. Mm. Why? Because she's reasonable. Why? Because she's intelligent. Why? Because she's self-possessed. She's not off the hinge as Trump is. And she continues to escalate a war against the lunacy that is Donald Trump. But I think the energy with her is remarkable. It's astonishing. And more power to her.


I hope she continues to grow in strength and numbers as we go on. How do you feel about, do you see Plys comments that he made about Kamala and people questioning her who? Plys. Oh, right. And and and his support you mean his support for her? Yeah, Support. But it caused a big conversation about how do you question your candidates? Should you question your candidates? Is she being questioned unfairly? And I know your book is all about like desires and yes ma'am. Voting equaling that. So how did you feel about what he said, Ray Point? Well, I love Plys You know Ply is out there just raising the serious questions that need to be raised another intellectually curious and insightful young man. And look, you gotta question all these candidates. I love and support Kamala Harris. I've known her for over 20 years.


I think she is the best woman for the job. May the best woman win. That's what I think. However, you got to hold everybody to account. She knows that if she's worth her salt, she's gotta say, hold me to account. And I think it is important to hold people to account. But what's interesting to me is that when I, I hear all that about holding to account, I ain't seeing nobody who's promoting Donald Trump saying, let me do it, Sally. Let me be self-critical about Mr. Trump. Yes. I think that in their quoting, going back 50 years to find something about Joe Biden, this dude was promoting the death of the Central Park five, now known as the Exonerated five not long ago, and ain't apologized yet, or backtracked upon demanding the death penalty for them.


Here's a guy who would his father deny people access to housing when he owned these cribs and, and these apartments in New York. So here's a guy who has been consistent. Now I think rappers get it twisted because he was an icon of hip hop before. Why? Because he had the, the women, he had the, they thought, they thought he had the money. You can see he was lying. They thought he had the buildings and the money and he was a billionaire and all that. So that was attractive to a kind of glitzy hip hop era where it was all about the pursuit of capital, as I hear young rappers say. But he gave us a check. No, they talking about during Covid, the $1,200 or whatever they got.


Take A deep dive into the stories, making the news headlines across The World, The news agents. We are not just here to tell you what's happening, but why for me, Emily Mala And me, John Sopel with Global's Award-winning podcast. The news agents dropping daily, covering Everything you need to know about politics and current affairs And the news agents USA following every twist. And turn in the race for the White House. Listen to the news agents on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you listen to podcasts.


Hi, loves it's me, Paris Hilton. I'm already excited for you to listen to my new album, infinite Icon, and I'm even more excited for you to listen to it on Vinyl Welcome To the Bad Academy. Every vinyl collection needs a crown jewel and no jewel sparkles. Brighter than an autographed baby pink edition of Infinite Icon. Order the LP signed by yours truly@shop.paris hilton.com. That's hot, sponsored by 1111. Media


Hibernation season is over and it's time to get some sun outside. Gather your crew and hit the road in the spacious 2024 Nissan Pathfinder, your gateway to larger than life adventures with spacious seating for eight and available panoramic moonroof. Everyone can enjoy the journey and soak in the scenery of the great Outdoors. Plus with an available towing capacity of up to 6,000 pounds. And an available intelligent four-wheel drive feature with seven drive modes. You can take your favorite toys while adventuring on new terrains. Seize the thrill, and start exploring with the 2024 Nissan Pathfinder today. Head over to Nissan usa.com to learn more Intelligent All-wheel drive cannot prevent collisions or provide enhanced traction in all conditions. Always monitor traffic and weather conditions. Towing capacity varies by configuration. See Nissan Towing Guide and Owner's manual for additional information. Always secure cargo.


The summer is heating up. So the next time you pop open a Coca-Cola or Coke Zero sugar. Prepare for ice cold drops from Coke Studio. New music from your favorite artists in their latest hits with drops from new jeans. Carol g Peggy goo usher, and Tyler plus live performances at the biggest festivals of the year. Grab taste that moves you. Scan your Coke, a Coke zero sugar 12 ounce can and unlock magic music moments all year long, no purchase necessary. 13 plus in 50 US DC and Canada. 18 plus for select prizes ends October 31st. Rules, eligibility and prize availability@kochurl.com slash studio usa. Promo Corp Wright 2024, the Coca-Cola Company.


This is it your moment. This is your time to make your comeback with Purdue Global. When you come back with a Purdue Global degree, you create opportunity for yourself, your family, and your future. It's a degree you can be proud of, a degree that employers will trust and respect Purdue Global offers working adults like you. Over 175 flexible degree programs to meet your specific career goals. These include associate, bachelor's, masters, and doctoral degrees and certificates. Purdue global degree programs range from nursing to business to communication and more. Whatever your interest, we have the degree that will move you forward. You have the knowledge, you have the experience. Now it's time to get credit for the work you've done and earn the recognition you deserve with Purdue Global, Purdue's Online University for working adults. You know you're worth it. We do too. So don't wait another second to get the degree that will take your career to the next level. Start your comeback today@purdueglobal.edu


2000. Check the record. That's the legislative branch. That is Congress stuff that he opposed and then he took credit for distributing. Joe Biden unhooked up a lot of people in terms of student loans. I know three or four people have been forgiven a hundred thousand or more. So the point is check the record. Stop the disinformation. Stop the misinformation. Stop the deep fakes and ask serious questions. You, you must always hold people to account. Hold me to account. Hold y'all to account, but do it in a, in a, in a, I think respectful fashion. All right, we got more with Mike. Who? Eric Dyson. When we come back, don't move. It's The. Breakfast. Club. Good morning. Morning everybody. It's DJ Envy. Jess. Hilarious.


Charlemagne the guy. We are The Breakfast Club. Lauren Laro is filling in for Jess and we're still kicking in with Michael Eric Dyson. Charlemagne You know your, your book also points out how the founding fathers didn't want everybody to vote. Could you, could you talk about who couldn't vote? Yeah. At the beginning of the nation. Yeah. I'm glad you said that. 'cause people think, well they came here, they trying to flee Great Britain, You know rep taxation without representation. Nah, sounds like DC Right? But the point is, the founding fathers like, eh, we gotta be real careful with that. 'cause If, you say everybody can vote, then them slaves can vote. Can't have that. So we gotta figure out a way to keep them out. Oh, we don't want the women running stuff. Gotta figure out a way to keep them out. Oh, I get it.


We'll say you have to be property owning. Now that excludes a whole bunch of white people too. White men. But we can keep it elite. We can keep it a nice little club that we control because we don't want the unwashed masses to be able to determine and dictate what goes on in America. So initially, what did they do? They punted it. The federal government said, let's let's give it to the states. Right. Whoever is You know in New Jersey, they can decide what they're doing. Who's in You know Massachusetts. They can decide what they're doing, who's in South Carolina. They can decide what they're doing. So they punted to the states. And then you, you've heard of this thing called states rights. Yep. Right. That was a big thing during the Civil Rights movement at his height because they were saying it's the state's. Right? Forget the federal government telling us what we can and cannot do.


Imposing constraints upon us. You know when George Wallace, the governor of Alabama, stood in the door and kept those Negroes from entering the University of Alabama. Forget the, the federal government. It's the state. And Alabama says they cannot come in. So that's was set up by the federal government. 'cause they said the founding fathers, we don't want us dictating and determining what goes on in these states. Mm. You wrote a great article. Mm. Speaking of the Vice President, Kamala Harris and racial politics. And you compared Kamala Drake at certain levels. Right. What were you trying to say in that piece? 'cause You know we want people to vote for the vice president. Right. I don't know if comparing her to Drake right now is the best way. I Watched the sermon too that you did on him when mentioned It.


People do that. Thank you. Yeah, I watched that. Appreciate that. Thank you. Thank you. I I I, go ahead. Alright. Well, but see, here's my point. Break it down. My light brother You know what we have been in exile light-skinned black people since Wesley Snipes stabbed Christopher Williams in New Jack City. It's been rough on us. Every, I'm Gonna lie, one of my favorite moments in film Can't lie. Yeah. Pretty. Okay. It's, it's been, we've been hurting ever since. We were depending upon Steph Curry and Drake to bring us back. And it's been a setback in one way. But here's the point to be serious. The song is one thing. Say what you will about. They not like us, but as an argument. They not like us. 15 82, 12 0.5 black people from Africa are dispersed across the North Atlantic.


Why is that important? 'cause when we're talking about who's black and who's not, because You know people debating me. We ain't talking you so stupid. It's not about race and Drake. It's about culture. Culture. He's a culture vulture. Yeah. Are are are you serious right now, what other black entertainer do You know has ever been called a culture vulture for experimenting in his own or her own music? That's number one. Number two, Drake grew up in Toronto. A adopting different musical persona was indigenous to that particular region. Number two, number three, a lot of black folk went to Canada when they were trying to escape the murderous privileges of whiteness in America where slave ocracy was established.


So, so when you say Drake is illegitimate or not genuine because he doesn't like a Black American culture or doesn't embrace it, blackness is bigger than what happens in the United States of America. Kamala Harris, they said the same thing about Drake as her. You got a fake accent. You went to Canada to go to school. JD Vance has been on her about that. And then that you are not genuinely black in the way that other black people are. Blackness by definition is subversive. It undermines narrow categories. I spent most of my career arguing against people who are trying to impose narrow constraints upon blackness. We are as big as our imaginations allow us to be. And I think this is one of the sorry moments within hip hop and black culture where Drake becomes automatically the, the representative of what is inauthentic and Kamala Harrison, the same way.


You ain't really black, she's not a real black woman. Even Donald Trump is trying to weigh in by saying she just turned black like she had malaria or some other disease and You know leprosy and that she became black. This is the kind of ignorance that we've gotta confront. Give people a case as to why they should go out and vote for this election. 'cause everybody always says, oh, this is the most consequential election of our lifetime. You know if we You know this election, this candidate is a threat of democracy, which I believe Trump is. Yes. But, but why should people go out there and vote in this election? Why is this the most important election of our lifetime? It is. And thank you for saying that. That's a great, great point. It is because You know how they often say democracy's on the ballot.


But it is right because the, the the choice is pretty glaring. You've got a person who has undermined the very nature of what democracy is about. If democracy is, we define in this book as people power and the ability of people to control and govern the institutions that regulate their lives to be able to dictate the terms of their existence by full participation in American democracy, then we, we have to conclude this man is a danger and a threat to American democracy. Now he tried to flip that by saying, this is why they attempted to assassinate me. Because they have demonized me and painted me as a b noir, as a horrible person for American democracy.


But you are sir. So I think it's right for us to acknowledge that in this election. We are choosing between that on the one hand and a woman who is the representative of all that is great and good about America. And I continue to support and love that woman because she represents the best of who we Are. Michael Eric Dys, ladies and gentlemen. That's right. Represent the unfinished fight for the vote is available everywhere. You buy books right now. That's right. Thank you. We appreciate you for joining us this morning. Love Y'all. Keep doing the great work. That's Right. It's The Breakfast Club. It's Michael Eric Dyson. The Breakfast Club. Morning everybody is DJ Envy. What'd you say? I'm talking to Taylor. Just Hilarious.


Charlamagne the guy. We are The. Breakfast. Club. Let's get to Jess with the mess with Lauren. LaRosa is real. Whether lines just Robin Moore just don't do no lines. Don't do. She don't scare nobody. Worldwide Method on The. Breakfast Club. She's the KO shoes with Lauren. Lauren LaRosa. I'm back. And, I got the mess. Talk. Talk To me Ll cool babe. Don't be trying to big me up now. I got something here. Okay. What you got? What's that all there? You. You Go four Like I printed out four. Let's put them Up. Drop on a bond for, What's that one? I printed this one for Charlamagne.


I don't need to see that. So Lamar Moore says, I was mentioning when we wrapped up the last set of Just With The Mess he won for Outstanding Supporting Actor in a limited series or anthology series. And he gave an acceptance speech last night. That was really funny. Take a listen. I wanna thank, I wanna thank God for allowing me to be here. I also wanna thank God for my beautiful mother who raised me. She's been my biggest champion ever since I You know, came out of You know ever I dropped out of her her butt. Yeah. Whatever. I, I know where her babies come from. My beautiful daughter, Lily, I love you. I told you I would do it. You've always doubted me. I'm your hero. I'm your leader. All the folks at FX 360, oh my God, I'm forgetting so many people.


Please wrap it up. Shut up. My fellow nominees. Robert Downey Jr. I got a poster of you in my house. Please sign it. Seriously. Now the Robert Downey Jr. Moment was like a full circle moment because you mentioned having the poster, but Robert Downey Jr. Was actually in the same category as Lamoine in the Emmys last night. So I thought that that was dope as well too. I'm gonna tell you why I I, well first of all, dropping a clue box to Lamar, that's such a dope win. 'cause I'm old enough to remember when BET did their new Faces campaign and they had bought in all of these new hosts. Oh yeah. It was Terrance Jay. It was Roxy. It was my good sister Alicia Renee. It was JSA Bermuda I believe. Yep. And Lamar. It was Lamar. Yeah, Lamar. That's right. And then Lamar, I don't know what he went off to do after BET, but I know he ended up on that show.


The new guy. Yeah. That was a big breakout for him. That Was, That was it. He talked about that too. Basically being surprised even when he was nominated because this was such a different role for him because he's normally in a comedy situation. But he said he wants to do more drama. And I mean now they're gonna be calling 'cause he's an Emmy woman. Emmy women forgot he came from that BET class. That's what I stole. You know he Had so many naked or halfway. I see you got your little shrine over there. That's why I was taking pictures. Lamar And I. Want Lamar to see how you got your little Lamar and more shrine over there? I'm just paying him great respect You. know what I Mean? Looks, I dunno if he got a girl or not. Looks he might be married. He's winning. So if he got one, I'll she run up on you for doing what you're Doing right now. I put these up for you, for you. See how they're facing you. I wanted you to feel great today. Don't try To blame that on me. Stop fighting over this man.


This is all for you. Lauren Morris also got her Rine. I mean Lauren put up pictures of Lamar. She's sitting Around writing for Charlotte of Lauren Morris You. know what I mean? Look at how her name look what his last name. We Don't know what you mean because we all know that This is for you Lauren and Lauren And. I'm not taking 'em down either. I want you to look into his eyes all day long if That's manifest. Lauren, come on. Come. I'm the morning Lauren gal. Yes. The LL Express. You can have 'em sis. You got 'em. You can Have 'em. It could be, it could stand for Leonard and Lamar or it could stand for Lauren on it's Lenar. Sir. No, it's Leonard. Okay. L and l Lee. Okay, so Cardi B. Cardi B, she spoke out over the weekend. And I thought that this was really interesting because You know how she's not a first time mom.


But I, I hear a lot of women talk about a new appreciation they find for their mom. Mm. This is number three for her. Yeah, this is baby number three for her. So she spoke out about just some things that she's starting to realize that her mom does in her life since when she was pregnant. But now that she's had the baby, let's take a listen. Got Into an argument with my mom, but I gotta remember that she does things outta love no matter how annoying she could get. So when I got injured with my pelvis, my mom was like, you gotta eat chicken for soup because chicken food soup, it makes your bones strong. Ah, whatever. I'm pregnant at that time. Now I give birth and guess what my mom made me even though today is man hot outside chicken fat soup. And then she's making culture eat the soup.


Like no, you gonna eat the soup. And I can't say nothing because I'm not gonna challenge my mom. You gotta eat the soup, huh? Henessy. He come get your mom, but I'm gonna drink this. I'm gonna eat the whole soup. You wanna know why? Because she does it with love. Ain't nobody ask her. And one day I'm gonna miss this. I was just having that conversation with my mom over the weekend. Like you only get one mom. That's that. Like you had her appreciate. That's right. All of this stuff. And Cardi had actually spoke out back in August, August 1st about a freak accident that happened where she potentially could have lost her baby but she ended up paralyzed. Let's take a listen to that. I was in the hospital for like two or three days and now that I'm back in home, I'm in a lot of pain.


I got in a little freak accident, but I injured myself. And. I had a real bad scare. Thank God when I had the freak accident, my dad was here. We thought it wasn't gonna be a big issue, but then it became a big issue. So I was in the hospital for like two, three days. Somebody said, what's a freak accident? That's what I have to explain it because I don't know how something that it was like, okay, all right. Like I was say no, it doesn't really happen often became something that is so big to the point I was literally paralyzed and that little thing almost cost me for my little one to come. But I was at a good hospital and my doctors were great, thank God.


It's people asking what is a freak accident nowadays they don't know what That is. They just wanted to know exactly what it was. 'cause she said freak accident. They go into details but or They thought they was like, you fall at Diddy house. That's what they a freak accident is. No, a freak accident is an unexpected or unusual or unlikely event. Yeah, But I think it's more so like Fall house car Get car Got still Po. Like you slipped on the wet floor at like whoa, whoa, okay, Whoa slip. How did get married? This was so serious. Face slipping on a wet floor at DeeDee's house and calling it a freak accident. But anyway, I played that because Wow, Y'all Are so what's making the floor? Wet Socks all dripping.


That's not A rock. Whoa. That's not some rock. That's sticky. That's not pine sauce. No, but she mentioned her pelvis in that the first video I played. So I think that that hat goes into the accident. I can't get nothing serious done with y'all. Oh my God. Are be glad Cardi is okay. Yeah. Glad Cardi is. Okay. She Cardi. Can I mention, is she Big body? No, I see her on the treadmill already this morning. So she's back to working out. She said she's getting back to herself. She's working out. She and she wanted people to know that this time the last baby, she couldn't even do workouts and stuff like that. It took her some time to get back to herself. But now she's done it like first week out postpartum. So yeah. J-Lo and Ben. Can I get into them? What's my timing like? You got like 60 seconds.


J-Lo and Ben are basically giving, they're like white people's cardio offset. There's reports over the weekend that they were back together again. They were out at lunch and they were like kissing. But y'all know she just filed for divorce by herself. Went up to the court by herself. A rep came out and said they were just together because of the kids. But I feel like that's how it always starts. I'm very confused. There were photos of them out. They weren't showing any PD in the photos. I'm a little confused. I don't know what's happening. It's like why go through all this stuff to file for divorce and all that? If, you just gonna go, I mean they were married. I mean they're always gonna have a connection. Right? But people are saying that they saw them kissing. Maybe they're making out. I'm just saying why go through the why get to the point of filing for divorce If. you just gonna figure it out.


Just figure it out. Why You mind, why you minding the retrieval business? Because it's our job. Oh, okay. You're right. Job description, check Point. Okay, we can move by Now. Alright, well thank you. That's just what the best with Lauren Osa Now when we come back we got the People's Choice mixes. The, Breakfast, Club. Come on, let's go. Hold up. Every day I wake up. Wake your ass up. The Breakfast Club on Power 1 0 5 0.1 Morning Everybody. It's DJ Envy. Jess, hilarious. Charlamagne the guy We are The Breakfast. Club. Lauren la Rosas. Filling in for Jess And I. Just wanna salute to everybody out in Vegas. I was in Vegas over the weekend doing a pool party Fight weekend and and shout to everybody I seen at the fight as well. And also Salute to Money Long for joining us this morning.


Salute to the Good System. Money Long Man. Her new album is out right now. It's called Revenge. That's right. Yes. And Salute to Michael Eric Dyson to his new book. Represent the Unfinished Fight for the Voters Out Now. Right Too And I. Wanna suit everybody in New Orleans, man. I'll be there this Friday, September 20th at 7:30 PM I'll be at Baldwin and Company Bookstore You. know my new book is out. Get Honest to Dieline Why Small Talk Sucks. I'll be in conversation with Charice Gibson. Okay, this 7:30 PM at Baldwin and company books. So you can go to Baldwin and co books.com to get you tickets and I'll see you this Friday 7:30 PM at Baldwin and Company in New Orleans. Yeah, If, you get a little time, make sure you stop by one of more moral spots.


You got, I'm going. I'm going to my guy Spot. I done talk to Larry and everything. Alright, you got, you got a couple of them. So make sure you swing by Marrow, bring back some those probably don't try and tell his mom and grandma I say hello. Hey, I spoke to Larry already. I'm definitely pulling up. Alright. Alright. When we come back, we got the positive notice. The, Breakfast. Club. Good morning. Morning everybody. It's DJ Envy Jess, hilarious Charlamagne the guy we are The Breakfast, Club Lawrence filling in for Jess. Now we got a positive note. I do. I wanna tell everybody too, You know I put out a A one-on-one interview series called Outta Context with Charlemagne the God I dropped a couple episodes already. One with LL Cool J one with Big Sean. I'm dropping a new one today at 10:00 AM with the Good Brother Kevin Hart You. know what I mean? Because You know we know Kevin Hart as a comedian, but I don't think people are really respecting Kevin Hart's business acumen like they should.


Like they should. So that's what we having a conversation about today. He got money today. Got money. Oh he his net of four 50 M, he got money net worth of four 50 m's. But we talk about that amongst some other stuff too. So new episode of Out context drops at 10:00 AM today on my YouTube channel at See of God. So go check that out. Alright? And my positive note is simply this Heal man. Okay, I need you to heal. You gonna Hug, sound like you crying, you wanna hug? I didn't mean to do that, but it came out. Freak accident. Slip that please. I want you to heal so you can see that attention is not love. Attachment is not connection. And bare minimum is not effort. Okay? Have a blessed Day Breakfast Club Bitches.


Do y'all finish or y'all Done?


Take a deep dive into the stories making the news headlines across The World the News Agents. We are not just here to tell you what's happening, but why for me, Emily Mala And me, John Sopel with Global's Award-winning podcast. The news agents dropping daily, covering everything you need to know about politics and current affairs and The news agents USA following every twist and turn in the race for the White House. Listen to the news agents on the iHeartRadio, apple Podcasts, or wherever you listen to podcasts.


Hey gorgeous, it's Paris Hilton. Get the party started with my new album, infinite Icon out now and stream the new single Bad Academy, Welcome To the Bad Academy. I wanted this album to be an escape. Take people to a happy place where they can heal and party in equal measure. And most of all, be your own unapologetic icon. Listen on iHeartRadio and visit infinite icon.com to order the album sponsored by 1111 Media.


Hey, it's me, Tyler Bs Open. Airbus are stylish. The color, it looks almost like a earring. I feel like it could go with anything. The music I'm making right now feels like a holiday. I wanna look like it too. Check out bs.com for more.


This is Coke Zero sugar. Could I be the best Coke ever? Try and taste with your ears here. Those bubbles, imagine them tingling on your top busy deliciousness. Listen to that cascading liquid. A mouthwatering waterfall, irresistibly tasty, zero sugar, crisp, refreshing, and ice. Gold is Coke. Zero sugar the best Coke ever. Try and decide


Residents at BrightView Senior Living communities enjoy enhanced possibilities, independence and choice. BrightView Dul Corner in Herndon and BrightView Great Falls offer vibrant senior, independent living, assisted living and memory care services through various daily programs and cultural events. Chef prepared meals, safety and security, transportation resorts to amenities, and high quality care. Everything you need is here. Discover more at BrightView Senior Living dot com. Equal housing opportunity.