
Life is an act of constant reinvention that's true for you and for cars. Nissan Reimagined the all new kicks around you. The Bowls personal plus sound system with speakers in the headrest keeps you in the groove while the Nissan Safety Shield 360 technologies keep you safe. If Nissan invented the kicks, you can reinvent yourself. Drive the all new Reimagined Nissan Kicks today available Feature. Bose is a registered trademark of the Bose Corporation Nissan Safety Shield technologies can't prevent all collisions or worn in all situations. See owner's manual for important safety information.


Taking control of your career is empowering. Just don't tell my boss I said that. Building a career is it just about a job. It's about creating a path that impacts our community and future generations. Whether you're starting out or making big moves, State Farm is here to support you with resources to help protect what you're working hard to achieve. They've got your back every step of the way because like a good neighbor State Farm is there. Find out more at State Farm dot com.


On a serious note, I'm still thinking about that one commercial with Tom Brady and Snoop Dogg. The one where they're hating on each other, but when you actually hear them, the reasons for hating someone or something are just stupid. That commercial stuck with me. There's so much hate in this country and it's got to stop. So join us at iHeart and standing up to it. If you see hate speak up, call it out. You can learn more by following at what's up with hate.


At and t has a new guarantee because most things in life are not guaranteed. In a world where nothing is guaranteed, at and t is bringing something new to the table at t is introducing a guarantee. With connectivity, you depend on deals you want and service you deserve, or they make it right. Learn more at att.com/guarantee. At t connecting changes everything, terms and conditions apply. Visit att.com/guarantee for details.


Good morning, usa. Yo, yo, yo, yo, yo, yo, yo, yo, yo, yo, yo, yo, yo, yo, yo, yo, yo, yo, yo, yo, yo yo, yo yo, yo yo, yo yo. Jess is running a little late. Should here in a second. Charlemagne Guy. Peace To the planet. Guess what day it is? Guess what day it is? Home Day. Good morning. How y'all feel out there? I feel blessed Black and Holly Favored. Happy to be here another day to serve our beautiful listeners. What's happening? That's right, man. Listen, man. You know, yesterday we announced the third annual Black Effect Podcast Festival, which is happening April 26th, Saturday, April 26th at Pollman Yards in Atlanta, Georgia. And tickets will go on sale today at noon. Okay. Okay. Today at Noon.


Today at Noon, man, if you've been to the first Two Black Effect podcast festivals, then you know how it goes down. We got Mandy and Weezy hosting. We have Carrie Champion with the Neck of Sports Podcast. Good Moms Bad Choices be there. R and b Money with Tanking j Valentine. Okay. And the Woman All podcast with Sarah Jakes Roberts. Okay. Yes. So those tickets go on sale today at noon. What's up, Jess? Hey, nothing. What's up? What's Up? Good morning, Jess. Hilarious. Hello. We'll definitely go get those tickets today at noon. Today at noon, man, today at No Speak to the Trap Nurse podcast. They'll be there too. Okay. Yeah. What's happening? How y'all feel, man? Good. Good. How you feeling, Jess? I feel Good. I'm here. What's up Here? Charlemagne? Did you see Uranians yesterday?


Man, shut up. What is that? I ain't got time for this. Yeah, you, you, first of all, you too old For this. It gay or is it like a sound Yesterday that in New York City and New Jersey for the first time in a long time, you could actually see Iranians from the Naked y'all DJs in New York and seeing Anus in New York for a long time. That's y'all got on Iranians with the Naked Eye. Y'all ain't never did a YouTube video about that Double on Trump about how a lot of DJs in New York got from You. Seven planets you can see from the naked Eye. And you know, Uranus was one of 'em. I just wanted to know if you seen it, but You picked that one specifically. Exactly. Like we all knew about the All of the Planets align, but you picked that one planet and then why I gotta be naked Trying to be funny when the reality is Im not, it said, I'm reading what it says.


All can be seen by the Naked Eye. Yeah. You seen a lot, you seen you seen a lot of Naked, All Anes can be seen by The Naked Eye. I'm just asking. So you didn't see you're Anus? No, we wasn't. You ain't gonna never beat the allegations, man. What? The allegations That you're gay. If I'm Gay, you're Gay. That's why you got all 'em calls. I don't want you n for those calls. Then What Are you talking about? If I'm gay? You're gay. We gay together. Using your naked eye to look at Anderson if I'm gay. Y'all is crazy. You are gay. A gay defendant and plaintiff. Y'all crazy Together. This is gay court dude. Stupid. All right, well we got some special guests joining us this morning. We have AK Barack. Yes. AK Barack. Man, those are my guys. They, they're ring commentators on the Zone.


They got a new show on Ring Champs. That's right. That comes out on the All the Smoke Network. It is every Wednesday on all the Smoke Fight YouTube channel SL to All the Smoke, Matt Barnes and Steven Jackson. Because you know there's a big fight this weekend. That's right. Lamont Roach Jr. Versus Javonte Tank Davis for the WBA lightweight title. That's this Saturday at the Barclay Center in Brooklyn. Yeah. It's Gonna be a healthy DMV fight. That's right. One from DC to other from Baltimore. Yeah. I don't know why I didn't, I I'm just realizing Lamont Roach from DC Emini here. You can hear it as soon as he, as soon as he starts talking, you can hear it. Well, he'll be joining us this morning. They And is way uglier than ours. I Wonder why they didn't have it closer to like the DMV area. Where, where would they have it at though? Yeah, I don't know where they would have it at.


Like, we don't really have a ah, like we don't have a venue for, for like a fight like that. We can do it indoors. You could do it Where Whatcha macu plays the Wizards play. Oh yeah. I, I don't know why it was like that, but, but wouldn't that be favored? Don't that like, mess up the, His DMV is so close and like that's such a big thing for the DMV. I just figured they'd have it to You Fought, take fought in Baltimore before I, I forgot where though. I I ain't see that one. Yeah, This was a few years ago. He fought in Baltimore before. I forgot where at though. Okay, well they'll be joining us a little bit. We got front page news. Up next. We got a Birthday. Oh, oh my God. Drop one The clues bombs for the Queen. Ika Badu, one of my favorite people on this planet sending Ika Badu positive energy, love and light.


Happy born day to the Queen. What we got from Erica, man, what you want to hear Emini here? I do. I I always want to hear the healer, but what we got, we don't got the heal in there. We hits The, the hits that she made. Singles. Let's, let's go with love of my life then You got Love of my Life. All right. We can do that. You know what I'm saying? Because Ery Badu is the love of so of our lives. All right. All right. It's The Breakfast Club. Good morning. Front page news is next. Alright, well let's get in some front page news. Good morning, Morgan. Good morning. DJ envy, Charlemagne the God, and just hilarious. How y'all doing on Hey, you say, Hey girl. How y'all doing? Good. Good. Good, good, good. All right, so let's get into it. Y'all presidential, don't Get mad at me 'cause you came in here, Ashley, and so you spending all morning lotioning up been lotioning for the last five minutes. I'm sorry Morgan, you have been lotion for like five minutes up.


Yo, ain gonna look at me. My feet ain't big. I, We five eight women don't play with me. Anyway, What happened? Okay, what happened? Okay, let's get into it. So Trump's first cabinet meeting takes place today and he will have a special guest to attend Elon Musk. During the press briefing yesterday, white House Press secretary Caroline Levitt reiterated that Musk is serving as a special government employee while running the Department of Government efficiency. And during the cabinet meeting or during the cabinet meeting, he will provide an update on how all the cabinet secretaries are identifying waste and government fraud and abuse. Let's hear more from Press Secretary Levitt on Elon Musk in the cabinet meeting. And Elon considering he is working alongside the president and our cabinet secretaries will be in attendance tomorrow just to talk about do's efforts.


So there has, Is this normal Morgan, Elon Musk is not in the cabinet. Are we just accepting oligarchy in America? Is is That it? To be honest, Charlamagne like that seems to be the case as of right now. Not so much that it's so much acceptance, but yeah, it's, it's a matter of how do can match this. Can we, right. Yeah. So there has been some confusion about who is actually running Doge, as we previously mentioned that shoot, there's Some confusion about who's running America. Musk is a special government employee, but the White House did reveal yesterday that Amy Gleason is the acting administrator of Doge. And Huh. Ironically enough, she has been on vacation. So I wonder what she did last week. They just Started back how she been on vacation already?


So I'm just, look y'all don't shoot the messenger. But but wasnt Last week. Didn't last week. They say somebody else was running, running Doge. It was another name they gave, I can't remember the name though. It was a guy, I'm not privy to that. But Amy Gleason is the name that has come out about the acting administrator that is running Doge. So this comes as 21 civil servants originally working for Doge have now decided to quit. In a letter to the White House chief of staff, the worker said We will not use our skills as technologists to compromise core government systems jeopardize Americans sensitive data or dismantle critical public services. The group of the resigning workers said, do's actions contradict their stated mission.


So the White House again is not saying what will happen once Elon Musk reaches his limit for days worked as a special government employee. You know, as a government, a special government employee, you can only work 130 days. So he's officially like 35, 36 days in on this administration. And so when they asked about the limit on Tuesday, white House Press, secretary Levitt, she said in her own words that we're only about 35 days in. And to ask her again in about a hundred days or so, let's actually run that audio on Levit, her comments on Doge. So the president tasked Elon Musk to oversee the Doge effort. There are career officials and there are political appointees who are helping Ru run Doge on a day-to-day basis.


There are also individuals who have onboarded as political appointees at every agency across the board to work alongside President Trump's cabinet to find and identify waste, fraud and abuse. And they are working on that effort every day. So, Yeah. So Doge, Elon Musk essentially is overseeing things right now with Amy Gleason acting as the administrator who's been on vacation and supposedly gonna check in soon. And that seems, Do they have a picture of this woman or is she ai? No, no. There is a picture. She could Be ai. Okay. Still could be ai even with a picture nowadays. And then you of course have your 21 servants who have been working for Doge deciding to resign and also protest as a result.


They call 'em servants. Civil servants. Oh, civil servants. Okay. I about to say What, But that pretty much wraps up 6:00 AM Correct. Jesus Christ. I was Just say, we gotta, so, you know, I don't know what's happening man, but I don't see any of this in The World. Too many egos, too many cooks in the kitchen. Too many people got their hands on the brick man. So ain't right. I do have a question I guess we could talk about next hour now. Is, is President Trump making President Zelensky pay some of this money back? I I I heard that yesterday on the news that I guess Oh yeah. Through minerals and things like that. Is that true? Yes. So the two countries are gonna sign off on a minerals deal. That is Trump asked for $500 billion in real mine rare minerals. Yeah. While Zelinsky.


Yeah, I know. Zelinsky is like, nah, you're gonna get a hundred billion dollars because that's essentially what the US provided Ukraine with in aid. So they'll sign that deal on Friday and I'll get more into that a little later. Alright. I just wanna know if Joe Biden has some money back or is it just the Trump, Just say, yo, we need this money back. I'm just curious. We'll get into it next hour I'm sure Everybody else get it off your chest. 805 8 5 1 0 5 1. If you need to vent phone lines a wide open, call us up now is The Breakfast Club. Good morning. The Breakfast Club. This is your time to get it off your chest. Keep calling 8 5 8 5 1 0 5 1. We wanna hear from you on The Breakfast Club. Tamika. Good morning Tamika. Hey, what's good DJ Envy?


I'm good. How you feeling? I'm good. I'm at work. This my lunch break. Okay. I was like, lemme talk to What, what time is it? Where you at? Through what time is it? Where you at? I I'm in Cali. It's three 13 and it's lunchtime for you. She broke overnight. Brian, she broke Overnight. Yeah, I work overnight. The best shift, third shift. If you having lunch at three in the morning, you a big back but nevermind. Hell no. I ain't no big back. Right. And And she called and she called 'cause she wanted to talk to you. Go ahead, tell them what you wanna talk about. Yeah, Charlamagne. Okay. Yeah. Charla. Charla. Why you always coming for the studs? Bro? I love studs. We love you too. But you, you'll be giving out the wrong information and all.


What? Like what Emini here? What I, what I, I'm like I got to get through because he don't know no real stud. Like Tell me what wrong information I'll be giving out. All I do, I don't really give out no information other than what? Speed. First of All. First of all, first of all, you up here until about when we pulled on the strap and the girl be the strap and that's mental illness. No it's not. That's You said that's mental illness. That's what Sha was saying. Did you hear what she said? She she just said, she just said that the girl, her scrap is the girl's pee Pee. Yes. I bought it. I bought it sir. So it's Mine. It's hard. But listen, it's not mental illness unless you start moaning. If you start moaning then that's, then you just retard it.


Oh No I'm Emini here. It look good. So I can't mo from the visual When she, when she the scrap on you moaning. Just think about that for a second now. But it look good. Charla it look good. Oh you mean like you Don't, it look good? Yeah, but y'all be moaning like it feel good. Nah, well they getting off because they looking at it enticing De to me getting off. I'm definitely getting off getting off. Yeah, that's what Tamika, I think there's only one thing to do. You come up here with your strap ball, you shut up and let Tamika talk. That's your problem. You always jumping in women's Business. You're saying? All I'm saying is, all I'm saying is shout out to all the studs. Much respect to young, young ma. But she ain't the stud of all studs. We gotta stop saying that.


Who is Represe Representatives? Who's the king of studs? Queen of studs. Not king. S queen, Queen Latifa. What the we Talking about? Okay, Gotta stop. We know Queen Latifa gang. Stop it. Queen La know she no studs Ute to the legend Queen Latifah. She ain't exactly, she ain't no stud. She ain't no Stud. Yo. She ain't identify as one. She is she she's probably male presenting. Don't No, she a fem. No, no, no. She she's a fem. She's a a she's A So why you call her a stud? Y'all confus me. All right, I'll take that back. I take that back. See Y'all let that set it off. Mess y'all up for life. That one set. No, No, no, no, no. I love Queen Latifa.


I hit that so I'm not gonna look At her like don't disrespect the queen like that. That's Right. I seen her be feminine Emini here. We seen her be studded out. So that's, we did. Okay. I ask you a question. I Love y'all. Can I ask you one more question? I Love y'all. I gotta go back to work. I'm not get fired for y'all, but I love y'all. I so happy I got through Do of you girl. I watched you on Instagram. Thank you. I'm so proud of you. I'm proud of you. Charlotte. DJ Envy. Get that money. Let's go with that. I know her vibrator. Waterproof, completely waterproof period. Get it over your chest. 805 8 5 1 0 5 1. Good morning to all the studs.


It's The Breakfast Club. Morning. Look to the studs, The Breakfast Club. Ray, Ray. Ray, Yo, char, man. Envy. What up are we Live? This is your time to get it off your chest. I got an indoor pool, a outdoor Pool. We want to hear from you on The Breakfast Club. We Can get on the phone right now. He tell you what, it's we live. Hello? Who's this Hell's getting paid? What's up? Get paid? What's going on show man? What's good? Yo, yo yo, yo yo. Peace King. Hey Jess. What's up? Where you At? What's up baby? Hey, Lauren here. Nah, she shit in the back. She in the back. Oh. Oh shit. In the back. Okay, I'll be back there. Hey Envy man. What's up? It's pronounced Uranus, not Uranus.


Nah, it is Uranus. Nah, You trying to make it sound less gay. Is it? Is Uranus? It's your been Uranus, that's it. Nah, it's his anus Bend, Uranus. Nah, I'm just saying it's Uranus man. That's what he's Been, it ain't, ain't no Uranus like nah, we ain't changing it up. Nah, he just saying it wrong. He just wanna be gay. Right, right. Well did you see Uranus yesterday? Nah, I'm in Florida. I ain't see nothing. All Right, look up. You might see Uranus later. He said Yeah, in Florida. He don't see nothing. I get paid as if there ain't nothing to see in Florida. Hello? Who's this? Just let a light of mine. Hey, I don't gonna to shine. What's up Sean? You in New York?


Did you see, did you see rain yesterday? Man, This no arena, Uranus, there's no no, but over here anyway. I, I see where you're trying to go with this. Why y'all think I'm playing? It's Really a thing because It's you. It's not me, it's You. Exactly. It's The messenger. Exactly. But just, just good morning, Jess. Good morning. Good morning, Charlamagne. Good morning. Morning, morning. Hey Jess. What's that? You were just recently in Tampa and man, I, I wish you had put up this show early so I could come out and see you. Oh, I'm sorry. You Know I live in Tampa, Jess, I live in Tampa, Florida. I did not know that. I did not know that. Shawn. Yeah, I moved from Jersey like nine months ago. So now I live down here. Okay, I thought You were here. So When the next time you come to Tampa?


Tampa Next year. Now I do Tampa once a year. Maybe every other year. But you know what, you close to Orlando, right? 'cause I do Orlando in a few months. Okay. I'm gonna come see you in Orlando. All Right. All right. What's up Brother? And before I go, I just wanna, I just wanna shut up my lady. Today's her birthday. You know what Emini here. I just wanna say the lady, I hope you have a great day today on your birthday. And I wish you many more blessings and help. That's what it is. Birthday. But last week I heard Trav call in say he wants to fight me Speaking to me. Yes. He did not say he wanna fight. You cut it up Just an envy. And I have no problem against gay people. I don't care if you gay. If you wanna take a hundred senior booty, that's not you.


That's not me. I don't care if he's gay. So Trav, stop trying to put this narrative out there that Sean Stone eight gay people because he's Jamaican and it's 2025. Nobody cares if you gay our street anymore. That's right. Tell him Trav Emini here. Tell him Sean up. Tell him man, y'all need to give each other a hug. Cut it out. Turn the Drake record on and give each other a hug. Man, look up at the sky. Look at your I would never hug each other. Hug. I would never hug Trav because he's the one that have a problem with me. Jeff. But That's why you, The police call and say he hate me. That's why we say his peace. Then he Tried to, but then he tried to slide in my DM trying to holler at me. Mm. So that's why I put him in his place. Jeff, Sean, I'm gonna be honest with you. The more you talk, the more gay you sound. No, you don't sound I'm gay. You Trying to convince us that I don't got no, I'm not attracted to Trav.


Man. Why you trying to convince us so much? Sean? We love you Sean. No, no Charlamagne. That mean I'm comfortable in my skin And I know Who I'm, if you was comfortable in your skin, you wouldn't even acknowledge it. Charlamagne, you talking much. We love you Sean. Goodbye. That sound real Jamaican. You. Hello? Who's this? Y'all can hear me? What's your name? Oh, I'm Gia. I'm calling because first of all, I want to say Envy. Yes. You were supposed to answer, answer the phone for me on Friday so I can relay this message to Jess. What's that man? I'm sorry. I know that you was calling on Friday. I don't know you, but I just picked up random the numbers. Your, your, your boy in the background saying he left the message and you say you ain't taking no calls for Jessica 'cause she wasn't there.


Mm. Damn. Yeah, it, it's all good. But hey everybody, everybody. Hey Jess. I aint never heard. Yeah, I didn't answer the phone. What's up babe? That What you be telling people. You not answer. Jessica answer the I don't answer the phone. Not, you know what's not me. I was supposed to do your massage for you on Sunday in Tampa. Girl you had not. Yes. Done got food. Laid all that food from Tim and forgot about Me. I didn't forget about you. I just actually I did. I ain't gonna lie. I did forget but I really, really needed a massage. I need a massage now. I'm so sorry Baby. And I was gonna show out. I bet you was going walking out on Clouds. Girl. Bad. I'm so sorry. I'm so Sorry. I know, but I wanna say you did so great at the show Thank you.


At the Hard Rock. That was my first time, my first show ever going to the Hard Rock. And it was a good show. I loved it. You was so funny. Girl had me crying. I appreciate that. I appreciate it. So did that make up for you? Missing a massage? No, but No, she wanna touch you. I'm sorry. And I wanted girl No, because I wanted to show, I I wanted to represent for Tam, but it's okay. It's okay. You did great. I, you know, And you already know I am coming back. I will be back my last time And I answer the phone next year for you. Nah, just don't, just don't be lying now she did reach out. She did reach out. It was about seven 30 in the morning. I was still asleep but Going Right. See, so you missed the blessing. You was sleep, you was sleeping on it. No, but when I woke up at 10 o'clock, I hit you back.


Girl got so I got ready and everything just sitting there waiting. I'm sorry. I got you. Next time I promise I got G. Yes, yes. It's okay. It's okay y'all. I love y'all And I wanna say Taylor, congratulations on your pregnancy. Even though Charlotte keep talking about it ain't real Bru. I believe it now. I didn't believe it before. I believe it now. Yeah, I'm still Having the sun. Get it Off your chest. I had a massage yesterday too, by the way. What Was his name? Don't Nobody Give a damn. No, it was, I'm just letting you know 'cause I got one yesterday and it was so good. That's what's up. It felt so good. She said she, she, and you know what, when she touched me, she said, you drive a lot, don't you? I said, yeah, Emini here driving to work every day. She was like, do you sit down at work and you don't know if a person know who you are? And I, so I'm like, of course I sit down at work and she's like, I can tell but boy she was rubbing them kinks out yesterday.


It felt so good. Some of You drive, don't you? No you don't. What was his name? You drive 20 minutes heads. He was like, you know how to drive A stick. Why you so gay this morning? You drive. He must last night he must got knocked up. He must have got hit up last night. Oh boy. We got just with the mess coming up. Got A little taste last Night speaking up. Yo Diddy might be getting outta some of these New York. The New York Civil cases show. Lawsuits. Lawsuits. Lawsuits coming up. All Right, we'll get to that. Next is The Breakfast Club. Good morning, The Breakfast Club. Morning Everybody. It's DJ Envy. Jess. Hilarious. Charlemagne the guy. We are The Breakfast Club. Let's get to just with the mess You music. Real H Moore just don't do no lying.


She don't spell nobody.


The World is constantly changing. It's up to you to decide how to respond. Choose to be bold to try something new. Choose to reinvent yourself. That's what Nissan did with the all new totally reimagined kicks. The dynamic new exterior styling immediately announces that Nissan isn't messing around the interior. A completely redesigned cabin with premium features like wireless Apple call play and a panoramic moon roof make driving a A kicks immersive and exciting. And with new performance and safety features, like Intelligent All-Wheel Drive, the Kicks is both fun and safer to drive than ever before. It is the dawning of a brand new era for the Nissan Kicks. Only one question remains. Is it a new era for you as well? Drive the all new Reimagined Nissan Kicks today. Available Features compatible device service and consumer activation of Nissan Connect Services. Package required use only when safe and legal subject to third party service availability for more information, see Nissan usa.com/connect/legal. Apple CarPlay is a trademark of Apple Link. Intelligent all-wheel drive cannot prevent collisions or provide enhanced traction in all conditions. Always monitor traffic and weather conditions.


At and t has a new guarantee because most things in life are not guaranteed. Like actually getting the rental call you requested or your wedding turning out just like you dreamed it would. And someone making another pot of coffee in the break room after drinking the last drop of the last one. Yeah, don't get me started. Not guaranteed. In The World where nothing is guaranteed at and t is bringing something new to the table. At t is introducing a guarantee. With connectivity you depend on deals you want and service you deserve or they make it right. So if you wanna know more about the at t guarantee, head to att.com/guarantee. At t connecting changes everything, terms and conditions apply. Visit att.com/guarantee for details.


Hey fam, this is Carlos Miller from the 85 South Show. If you're like me, you are always thinking about how to level up your career. Maybe you're fresh outta college, just starting in your field or even looking to switch things up and find your true calling. Whatever stage you're in, remember that this is your time to grow, to learn, and to build something that lasts. State Farm understands that early career development is key to long-term success. They've been a steady presence in our community and they know having the right support early can make all the difference. State Farm is there to help you make smart moves and to help you get the coverage you need. We all know that the journey to success is a marathon, not a sprint. It's all about staying focused, staying grounded, and making sure you're protected every step of the way. Let's build our careers with confidence knowing that State Farm is there to support us just like they've always been because like a good neighbor State Farm is there. Find out more at State Farm dot com.


Ready to celebrate the magic of Live Music South by Southwest Music Festival returns to Austin, Texas this March 10th through the 15th with a fresh lineup of legendary and rising talent. Join a global community of music lovers, artists, industry professionals and creatives at the 2025 South by Southwest Music Festival with hundreds of showcasing artists performing across six days and over 50 venues. Discovery is right around the corner at South by Southwest. Explore the lineup@sxsw.com Worldwide. Jess worldwide On The Breakfast Club. She's the cultureship. She was able to get y'all to see something and understand something that nobody could get you to see.


It's Time to set it off. I keep telling y'all that this ain't just with the mess. Now go ahead Lauren. What we got going on with Denny. Okay, so talking to the Mike Jones. We, I'm here, I've just moved up. Okay, so we've been talking and remember I told you guys that I broke the story about Attorney Anthony Busby, who is the attorney that filed all those civil lawsuits against Puff. So the last time we talked about this, we talked about a letter that came from a grievances committee, a kind of ethics committee that said that he was denied the ability to practice within the Southern District of New York. That confused a lot of people because he then posted saying that he is able to practice within New York State. New York State Court in New York, in the Southern District of, of New York are two different jurisdictions.


Federal and state are different now. Diddy's team, I, I got an alert this morning at around a little after midnight, they submitted a letter to the court. It's called a memorandum of law. And they're opposing BUSBY'S submission to operate as Pro Hack. So I was saying Pro Hack Vice earlier, but shout out to my, my new lawyer community that I have is Pro Hack Viche, which is where I told you guys like he'll come in with a local attorney because he's not able to work in that jurisdiction, but the local attorney can. Right? So he had to go back and ask for permission to do that on all Puff's civil cases in the southern district of New York after this denial happened. Right? So Puff's team, they're allowed to write and say, Hey, this is how we feel about it.


Because this is the person in question that is being in conversation as in Diddy and they're saying no, they're saying we oppose his request to, to operate as pro Hac Viche or operate with a local attorney. We don't do so, we don't do this lightly either. They say, look, we never do this. We never allow, we never do not allow an attorney the right to litigate. Like by law we think all attorneys should, but this is wrong. This is wrong because there has been misconduct. He's, he's, you know, gone against his attorney privilege as far as like he's, there's rules that you're supposed to follow and he didn't do it. Yeah, I feel like he should have just did that from the beginning. I don't, you gotta measure twice to cut once you feel like I, I feel like he didn't do that. I am so waiting to see what Attorney Busby is gonna specifically say in response to this outside of just, oh, I can operate in New York state.


'cause when I say that this doesn't make any sense of how this was a misstep, they say, you know why? Because I think a lot of those lawyers aren't looking at the legality of the situation. Those lawyers are just looking for the smear campaign. So those lawyers are telling these people, Hey, if you don't do X, Y, and Z, meaning pay us, then we gonna go to the press, we gonna file a lawsuit. And so they just do it in hopes that eventually these guys will just settle and then he'll just drop it. And, and nobody looking for, it'll never get to this point. He Was looking for the settlement. He, he didn't, he didn't necessarily want to go to trial. This is insane in my Pretty much escape. Well he may be able to escape. Yeah. Emini here, as an attorney, your job is to find a loophole. And I honestly think that Puff's team has found it unless like turn whatever a attorney Busby is going to throw back as like, Hey, no that's not true. Or Hey, I did this or whatever. We don't, we don't be the saving grace.


But the fact that he's actually filing for this pro hack Viche, which is like, yo, can I work with a local attorney? It shows you that like he knows that he might be in trouble on these civil suits. And they specifically point out he's been active in across 22 filings without permission to practice in the southern district of New York. And in that letter from the grievances committee, you guys remember when I mentioned it, they said, you've already been acting as if you have admission or permission to operate within this, this jurisdiction. This only came to our attention January 29th because of the amended filing that had Jay-Z's name, Jay-Z's name attached to it. Because that team has said, yo, he's not doing this right. Like a admissions haven't been submitted. All These people care about is money. Yeah. And the pressure they can put on a person to make that person break, to pay the goddamn money.


That's, that's it, that's all it is. Because they'll put you through hell. They, they'll, they'll send all types of letters to you to get you to do all types of things. But let me ask you a question. Can those people that were using Busby go to another attorney that's in this jurisdiction and do the same thing? So I thought about that as well too. And I think at that, at this point, even if they try to move it, other jurisdictions, other attorneys working with those local attorneys, removing busby from it, I think it just has a bad taste to it now. Because even though like people will look at this as like a technicality, right? Like in technicalities can be very small, but in a court of law, if there's rules and you don't go by them, it just, it's just not a good thing. You're an attorney. We're supposed to be able to trust that you're gonna do by the book everything. Because you're talking about throwing accusations on a person that are very serious.


So they can't, I, I believe that they, they can 'cause if, if, If, if I'm hiring an attorney, I would think that the attorney knows what he's doing. I'm hiring you for your expertise and if you don't and you're messing up, I can go to another attorney that maybe has a better expertise or a better knowledge of definitely the Jurisdiction though I don't know what the, what is for in regards to legal. But boy they've created some good stories though. Emini here, these have been better than Zane Sex Chronic, haven't they? They have Never good stories. The same damn stories. No. They've created some good stories out this. Nah, there's been some good stories but Homeboy said he was in the shower. Come on. These are all alleged. Come on now. It's a lot. Come on. And then they all like all got the same story, same ending. Oh my god, You like my jewelry? Come on now.


Remember that one one, No, he didn't say no. He said he complimented it first. I like your necklace. He said I got got something else for you to like come on. You Ever gay fellatio? I Am gonna reach out. Well You should try. Like come on. This is crazy. But all This does is like you said, it smears what Puff is doing regardless. So I, if, if Puff's attorney has an opportunity to sue Busby, I think they should do the same thing Ho is doing and Sue. Hmm. We'll see what happens. We're gonna see how it plays out. I will reach out to Attorney Busby as I always do on both sides and just see what his response to this is. But I knew that this was going to happen. Like I li I said months ago with Jay-Z doing what he did with that case, even though he doesn't, he's not fighting for Diddy, he's fighting for himself. It was gonna open up a whole new can of worms on, on the Diddy side But also let the record show 'cause the internet is stupid.


This is the civil case you're talking about. Yeah. They got nothing to do with Diddy. Criminal case Civil Attorney, attorney Busby's case is civil. But they did start filing stuff on the criminal side too. I think they're gonna try and use it on both sides. So again, we'll keep you guys updated. I'm gonna reach out to Attorney Busby. We'll see what he says if he says anything 'cause he's given me no comment a couple times on these things. So, Okay, well thank you Lauren. You're welcome. Justin, next hour. You got what? Dirt? Yeah, dirt. Got some things. A lot of little updates happening as well. So More litigiousness with Lauren. Period. Thank You. Alright, thank you. All right, when we come back we got front page news and then Akaka Barack and Lamont Roach Jr. Will be joining us. He's fighting Tank this weekend at the Barclays and we'll talk to them in a little bit. Jte Davis? Yes. Javonte Davis. How you thinking? Thinking he fighting RB Singer s That a lot of people think that I'm like, yo, how long Tank been boxing for y'all to not know that?


It is not. Please don't. What's the name please? Yeah, please don't go Tank. It ain't RB Money Tank. Did you hear that vertical? I Hi That. No you didn't. No you didn't Stop it. It's The Breakfast Club. Good morning, You are chicken out The Breakfast Club. Morning Everybody. It's DJ NV. Just hilarious. Charlamagne the guy. We are The Breakfast Club. Let's get back in some front page news. What's up Morgan? So more on the administration, Trump is announcing a new pathway to citizenship. Very untraditional, but this is for wealthy investors. He announced that the US will sell what's called a gold card. And he spoke more about how the impact will affect those willing to invest. Now speaking in the Oval office, Trump said the gold card will be similar to the green card, but at a higher level of sophistication.


He said wealthy people will be coming into our country and buying the card. He also said that those who get the gold card will be spending a lot of money, paying a lot of taxes and employing a lot of people. Let's hear those comments from Trump. We're Gonna be putting a price on that card of about $5 million and that's gonna give you green card privileges. Plus it's gonna be a route to citizenship. They'll be wealthy and they'll be successful and they'll be spending a lot of money and paying a lot of taxes and employing a lot of people. And we think it's gonna be extremely successful. What's the criteria? Can you just pay? Is there a background check? You know, like $5 million? Yeah, but is there a background check? Like anybody can do it. What if you got a criminal background from another country but you got some money?


Like does it matter? You can just pay your way into America. We are post America now people, I want y'all, I know that. I was gonna say, okay, we are post constitution, nothing matters anymore. What is the rule of law? Trump makes me wonder, did any of these things ever really exist or did all it take was for someone to come in and say f all that. I don't care. This is how we doing things. That's what it Seems like. 'cause nobody's ever done this like, like this. He just does what he wants to do, how he wants to do it. And, And, and we think it's, and people think it's normal. Like they're like, well it must be normal 'cause the president of the United States of America doing it and nobody's reacting. Like it's not normal. So hey, here it is, $5 million gold cards now. But does It start a precedent where every president after this, now you know what Emini here does every president after this start the same stuff? Like, all right, well I'm just gonna do this. Forget what the people think. I I don't, I have no idea.


I don't even know if we're gonna have another president after this, but I will say this. What happened to when people used to have to marry for a green card? Remember that? Yeah, they do that out the window A long time ago, Emini here you used to have to marry somebody for a green card. Yeah, that was stolen out the window a long time. Now all you need is $5 million and you can get a gold card, rap it. Oh, I'm, I'm sure, I'm sure there's people with just $5 million laying around by citizenship in America. Crazy. Pretty much. You know, she, the way, the fact that you can buy. Anyways, I'm, I'm gonna move on. The Trump administration, they say they wanna shake things up and the White House in the press pool, this impacts journalists, podcasters, people who are myself, people who wanna cover the president. So White House Spokeperson, Caroline Levitt said the administration will now welcome new voices as well as traditional legacy media outlets.


She adds that this is a push to expand access to the press briefing room. And it means that the White House, not the White House Correspondence Association will determine who gets access going forward. Let's hear more from Caroline Levitt on press access at the White House. The White House press team in this administration will determine who gets to enjoy of the very privileged and limited access in spaces such as Air Force One in the Oval Office. There are, as you know, look at this room, hundreds of journalists who show up to this building every single day and are not granted that luxury of flying on Air Force One and asking the president of the United States questions. And so we wanna ensure, again, everyone has a seat at that highly coveted table.


But I'll last the legacy media outlets who have been doing this for quite some time and have invested resources into covering the White House. Their spots will remain. What are you guys thoughts on that? I'm not quite sure what they're saying. Are, they're just saying that they're gonna give like podcasters and like a non-traditional media outlets access to things like Air Force One and stuff like that. If that's the case, I'm not, I don't have a problem with it. That sounds Good. Yes. That yes. But it also means that your, some of your legacy media, while those still may be in the building, they may not be selected for certain things like Air Force One or like, well again, she's gonna have the rotating, the rotating schedule for the five top legacy medias that are in the building, which is Fox, C-N-N-N-B, CABC and CCB S Well, well whose fault is that though?


Because Emini here, if you have a, a podcaster or a YouTuber or a screamer who has a bigger audience who might be more relevant to the now wouldn't you rather have them Emini here Traditional? Yeah. So, but that's the thing. We educated and you have to, and you have to have, there's, so, for example, even here on in this space, you know, a lot of people get on me like, Hey, you're supposed to import your, your opinion about things. It's like, but no, I'm actually just news reporter. I'm here to report the news. I'm not commentary. So podcasters may provide commentary, you know what I'm saying? So this can create, but That's better to me. Yeah, Yeah. But It is better. But it, but it still, I interject, I feel like we still need a, you like, you know what I'm saying?


Because what are we commentating about If We don't know what we talking about? You know, then every then there's a bunch of misinformation going around and people Just say stupid. Right? And if you're a fan of the president, you know what I'm saying? That takes away some of it's different, the checks and balances of it. You get what I'm saying? So, and it's, and it's, and it's not a problem. I, I think that podcasters and bloggers and things of that nature should have access to the White House. The thing is that there should be a checks and balances for journalists who are just there to report on facts. And I unfortunately, those who are reporting on the facts are being removed from certain spaces in that, in that building. Or Emini Here. The rea you, you're right, but Emini here, when if facts, when if facts mattered in the Trump era, what, what, what have these facts done in the Trump era?


Like think about it. Trump has been campaigning since he was, he was president from 2016 campaign in 2020 became president in 2024. None of these facts have mattered. I guess my point is this, these so-called legacy media outlets have not really challenged the president. They've had all of this access in the press room. Remember yesterday I was in here saying, yo, why aren't people asking Donald Trump this particular question? Like they are, they haven't really challenged the president in a lot of these cases. Then, Then those media and those journalists need to change. But we need to keep pressing facts. I'm, I'm, We just can't have somebody that there is ask you another simple question. When the last time you seen a legacy media outlet really challenged President Trump on something Emini here, they ask questions every day and they ask questions not for Trump, but they ask questions for the American people.


So it has nothing to do with whether the, the president likes it or he does, he does or he doesn't. But what I'm saying has everything do with, with the American president people getting a vast set of information and then them deciding what they want to do with set information. You get it from one side? No. If you, if you, if you ask the president a question and he tells you a blatant lie, where's the pushback? Where's the challenge? There, There. I was gonna say, well there are challenge, but I Asked, I ain't get no, I asked who has done it? I ain't get no answer. I'm, I know that April Ryan has pushed back in terms of questions. I Who's April Ryan? Yes. Even even Peter Dorsey sometimes at Fox. He has asked some some questionable things. E which is kind of crazy Because nobody at Fox is really challenging. President Trump was, come on now. So is it all about somebody challenging him or is it just like really?


Yeah, if he's fing lies, He's lying. If he's lying, absolutely Should be meaningly. It boils down to those who are challenging him. Again, the White House Correspondence Association is in place so that everybody who has been vetted as a media person, as a journalist can have that access. But at the same time, that keeps the checks and balances in place so that this, so that everyone can have an access. It's not selective, you know, which is essentially what it's about to happen. So if I don't have all the information, y'all know why I'm just gonna say that. But that's your front page news. I'm Morgan Wood, follow me on social at Morgan Media for more news coverage And I will continue to do my best.


Y'all at Black Information Network. Download the free iHeart radio app and visit us at BIN news.com. Thank you Morgan. Peace Morgan. Thank You all. Now when we come back, aka Barack will be joining us and also Lamont Roach Jr. He's fighting Tank this weekend and we gonna talk to him when we come back. So don't move. It's The Breakfast Club. Good morning, The Breakfast Club. Morning everybody. It's DJ Envy, Jess, Hilarious. Charlamagne the guy. We are The Breakfast Club. We got some special guests in the building. Our Guys, we Have AK and Barak here this morning. Good morning. Good morning. Morning. Good morning. Thank you. We al we also have Lamont Roach Jr. Who is fighting our tank this week and he'll be joining us in a second. But we want, Jesse Is rooting for Lamont Roach.


I'm not, you don't say that. We know who I'm obviously root for Javonte Davis, but you know, But we wanted to speak to you guys, you brothers first 'cause you got some some big news. You got a new show coming out. Yes Sir. That's right. So, so let's break down the show, what the show's gonna be talking about and everything. Premier, it premiered a couple weeks ago with our first guest being Jake Paul. Nice. Which it was an in-depth conversation, you know, obviously either you love him, you hate him in the sport, you know, I know Charlotte feels a certain way about him in the sport, but he's very impactful and that was a great combo. But it's gonna be a weekly show on all the smoke. I know you guys are familiar with of course those of your guys. Absolutely. And this is a division from all the smoke, all the smoke fight.


So it's called Ring Champs, rock Barack. It's been a long time coming, you know, people know us for being on the zone and hosting the Zone boxing show, but we partnered up with all the smoke and we have ownership of the IP and, and we are excited. It's been a long time coming. So it's a great home. Congrat perfect fit For us. Yeah. Congrats. I respect what Jake Paul has done in the sport. I just want him to start fighting real boxes. Emini Here, he already fought a couple of real boxes. Tyson Fur, Tyson Fury brothers, Even before that though, see he fought two, two guys that nobody even heard of. You know what, Emini here. So that's the thing. When you fight those guys, nobody's looking for that. So if you come from the YouTube world, you already making 20, $30 million a year, you ain't gonna fight Joe Schmo because you ain't making no money. So he has to look for these guys in between fighting real fighters.


He has to look for guys that's gonna make him another 20 million. It Wasn't, it wasn't a Canelo fight on the cards and then something happened according To Jake, the fight was signed. I don't know if there's any truth to that, but there was conversation about it being announced. And then, you know, some of you may know Turkey Ikas Excellency from Saudi has taken over the sport for the most part. So what is he doing to the sport? Because we keep hearing that. So I don, I wanna hear About the Canelo Jake fight prison. So there were, there were rumors that they were gonna fight in May and Canelo was gonna fight Bud Terence Crawford in September. But Turkey IC supposedly offered Canelo a four fight deal where it was too much money to refuse. Right. And it's, Jake had to be out of the equation so to speak.


So that, that's what Jake put out there. But we do know that Canelo does have a full fight with Turkey IC and Bud will be the fight in September. Yeah. Jake must have planned to retire after the Canelo fight. That must have been his last hurrah. His boxing career. There's no Way a hundred million probably easy. A hundred Million You would've made a lot of money. Sure. Now talk about the, the Sheik that you, you've been talking about. They, they say he'd been spending a lot of money in boxing. Yeah. And is he making it back and why? And is it helping the sport? Hurting the sport Emini here it's 100% help helping the sport. Absolutely. Emini here for you fight fan. Anybody that's a hardcore fight fan this past weekend Forry 22nd, it was probably the best card in history in terms of championship back to back entertaining fights, right? Maybe not for the casuals. 'cause first off it was at, it started at like 12 in the morning on on Saturday.


Yeah. But yes, he's putting a lot of money into the sport. If, is he getting it back right now? I'm not sure. Probably not. But he's creating the fights that everybody wants to see. So for a fight fan Emini here, Charlotte's a Harold fight fan that that's a fighter's fight. Emini here. That's what we want because these fighters want to get paid a certain amount. That's why the fights don't happen because the money's not there. Money's not an issue with it. That's always been the issue though. 'cause we said we wanna see the best fights, right? Remember we was waiting for Terrence Crawford to fight Spence for a couple of years because the money, the money wasn't right now. So if somebody come with a whole bag of money, an endless bag of money, then you good for the sport. That's the kind of guy that could get tanked to fight Shakur Stevenson or somebody like that, you know?


And Good, why didn't pay y'all a million dollars just to go over there And who said they Didn't though? Like the zone doing all of this in Sonia Arabia. I'm like where my guys at? You right, though you trust we are, we need that. We need that. We need talks with return. 'cause we need to be a part of that. But yeah, another thing that's great for the sport is ring champs, you know, because all the smoke, right? What, what they assembled was a, like a Allstar team. We got Andre Ward, Roy Jones, hall of Famers, the big HBO analysts for years. You know Matt Stack, you know what they do. Morning combat, Luke Thomas, Luke Thomas and Brian Campbell. So, and then us like bringing that young energy to the sport. And we're gonna be at every huge fight covering, you know, with live content and our weekly shows sitting down with the biggest names of the sport and yeah.


That, that's what the sport needs. You, you know what I think is since, even since our days on this is fifty.com, we're 50 cent, it's like we brought that different culture to boxing. There was nobody mainstream like us Urban, you know what Emini here. So it's like, it just made sense for us to transition to all the smoke that already has that finger on the pulse and that culture. You know what Emini here. So we bringing that to boxing And also Showtime, you know, Brian Dailey was an exec at Showtime for years. And he was a mind behind a lot of the, the, the great content that Showtime put out. So it, it's just a perfect home for us. I wonder if not having that cable network like a HBR or Showtime doing boxing, I wonder if that's hurting it because casuals aren't necessarily tuning in.


Can you be successful without the Casual? Yeah. You, you know what? First of all, no, now. No, now no, you can't. Absolutely cannot. But think about this. People steal cable nowadays anyway. Most people stealing cable. So in reality, I think the zone is taking over boxing. You know the network that we started with, right? But people don't even know they watching the zone when you stealing cable. Yeah. When you, when You watching this Use, you don't know what cha it's on your box is on your tv, but you don't really know sometimes what network network it is. 'cause you stealing it, you piring it. You know what? Emini here. So to answer your question, no, we can't live without the, without them. But I think it could still thrive. But that's what's hurting the sport. Piring not wanting to pay for the pay-per-view.


Like get a couple friends together and, and chip in for the pay You stealing from the Fighters. Yeah, you stealing from us. It's terrible. But it's so easy now. You always hear about people in their fire sticks. You always hear about online. You can go to stream, whatever. Yeah. Bunch. Who got the legal fire Stick in here? Raise your hand. The illegal one. Yeah. See what I'm saying? I have, there's one outta 25, 20%. So you paying for fights? I, I No, you what I'm saying? Absolutely. But she'll watch him. You, you gonna watch JA Davis, you watch. Yes. I'm Mexico. I'm still gonna watch it. Oh, no doubt. That's dope. So yes. That's Dope. Nah, Emini here. He, he, he's done a amazing things for the Sports Turkey. So we are excited about this year.


Okay, Another one. Do we think Hank is ducking Shakur Stevenson? Me personally, no. I, I don't think Tank is, is is necessarily scared to fight anybody. He, he's a, a, a true fighter. But Tank has become this person that I guess is influenced from Floyd, where he doesn't have to do anything he doesn't want to do. He doesn't care about like, pleasing a fan, so to speak, is about money. His legacy and, And I respect that, you know? 'cause when it's all said and done, the fans, they're not gonna take care of you. Right? So he's worrying about securing the biggest bags. But right now, because Turkey Ika is involved in Shakur Stevenson's career, that big bag of money will be offered to tank the fight. Shakur. So I, I think after like this year, there won't be any more excuses on why he's not fighting.


Shakur beautiful. Because the money will be outrageous. Beautiful. 'cause the word duck is, is a loaded word. It implies fear. You know when we use it in the boxing world, it's like, yo, you scared. So definitely tank ain't ain't of nobody. He puts people to sleep. That's right. You know what Emini here. But there has to be a reason why here we do know that he's in charge of his career. So if he's not fighting, it's not nobody else's reason. But he's, And that's one of the best matchups in all of boxing Emini here. Shakur looks phenomenal. I don't care what people saying that. It took him nine rounds to knock this guy outta there. They were complaining that Shakur never stops anybody. That's right. He stops somebody. What else do you want from this Kid? Now you gotta stop him earlier. Now you gotta stop him in the first round to make me happy. But That, that's the best fighting box. Who's The Face of boxing?


Now If there Is a face, face, man, Emini here. Nah, stop fronting canal. Face Alvarez is the face of boxing. Stop. Yes. Canelo. But Tank. Tank is very popular. Tank Popular. One of The faces. Alright, who's the face of of basketball right now? LeBron James. But there's many faces, right? But the, the face but named One person, LeBron. But he Named one person. That's it. So it's Canelo Alvarez. I, I would agree. Who a star everywhere around The World Tank is very, very popular. But Canelo's the star. Alright, we got more with AKA Barack when we come back. And Lamont Roach Jr. Will be joining us. So don't go anywhere. It's The Breakfast Club. Good morning. Morning everybody. It's DJ Envy, Jess, Hilarious. Charlamagne the guy. We are The Breakfast Club, AKA Barack is joining us. And also Lamont Roach, Jr. Here. He's fighting this weekend.


Welcome brother. How you feeling man? Appreciate It man. I feel good man. As your training been so far. It's been perfect. It's been excellent. Honestly. Grew up in Maryland. Yeah. I grew up in DC in Maryland, DC in Maryland and, and you know, for, oh, So this a Baltimore DC Baltimore. I'm from, I'm from Washington DC like that's my hometown. That's where I grew up. And you know, I grew up in Prince George County, Maryland too, but I'm from DC. Oh, you Fighting for the whole city then? Yeah, for sure. You got to try to beat Tank For sure. Is it like a real Baltimore DC thing? Yeah, it's like, yeah we don't hundred percent Emini here. I'm from Baltimore, even from DC But that accent is uglier than Aza. No way. Yeah, It It's the same truth. No, say two.


Say two. Two. See it is way different. But Look how they say I'm, I'm going back and all that. Like So different. They're so Different in country. Yo T said something about it you ain't from from Maryland. Like what was, why was that? Because I'm Maryland because From DC Yeah. DC is not in Maryland. That's, No, I get that. But, but you said you're from DC and Maryland though. And you said you spent time With Maryland. Emini here. I lived in, yeah, I lived in both. Since you grew up in the same amateur time period, were you ever friends? Yeah, Emini here. I've known him since I was like 10. So we always seen each other like right. He always made it to the nationals. Always made it to the national. So we was always like in those tournaments we'd see each other all the time. Have you ever Fought before? Fought twice. Who won that? It spoiled A lot.


Who won when y'all spoiled when you Fought? When we fought he won both times. The first time we fought in Baltimore that was bs. He shouldn't have won that. But how Old were you? First time was 15. 15. What Kind of win was it? It was A split decision win. Okay. In Baltimore. Three, two. But it's like some BS happened. My dad sent the tape to USA boxing and they was like, nah you like that shouldn't have happened. So. So you felt like you won that fight? Yeah, For sure. Emini here, USA boxing sent me an at large bid to the national. So it's like we for the regionals, Emini here, he was the regional champ. But when they seen the video they was like all right, we'll send you at large bid. And they put us on two sides of the bracket. He made it to the championship. I made it to the championship and he won a close fight in the championship one and two in the nation though.


Since You fought him and s sparred him, is he the hardest puncher you shared the ring with? Nah, Emini here. That's Y'all was kids then? We was kids. Did you spar, you know, a little older or, or Spawn was just during that time Spawn was like before we even fought, like the last time we was in the ring together is when we fought. Okay. I was 15 became the Reaper. Yeah. Yeah. But back then I was considered a bigger puncher than him. Like, you know what I'm saying? Was the amateur. What about now how do you, do you feel like you're a bigger puncher than him now? I feel like I'm a bigger puncher than Mike Tyson. That's right. But Kin Barack, what do you think of this Technic? No, No, No analogy we supposed to say like nah, I don't really punch down. He asked a question ain set it up.


There's only one way to figure it out. Just hit Charlem. Ain't one good top man. I'm hitting the flow. I do know he don't Get the credit you deserve as being a puncher. Oh yeah. But look, obviously you are the underdog because you got a loss already. You lost Jemele Herring who got beat by Shakur. So how are you a better fighter than that time period? I'm a thousand times better fighter than that. Than that time. Like you know, I took that I took from that fight was, you know, they not gonna give you nothing. I started a little late on that fight. If I would've started earlier, I probably would've knocked them out. Like we planned on doing. We never planned on winning on the scorecard in that entire camp? No. Yeah, that entire camp it was stacked against us. Top rank called he was the champ, it was Veterans Day weekend.


They had a story on him and you know what I'm saying, his tragedies and stuff like that. But just, it was built for the, you know what I'm saying for the chapter, dude serve the country. Yeah. You know what I'm saying? I can you not root for that. I feel you. So you know what I'm saying. So we knew we wasn't gonna get nothing on paper but you know, I just started a little late. So what about this fight tank is is being said, like they was asking who's the face of boxing and tank is one of those faces. He's one of 'em. Yeah. So are you going in that game? You going in this with the game plan that I gotta knock him out in order to get the victory? Nah, not necessarily, but I'm trying to Emini here. I be trying to knock anybody out. I'm trying, I'm forever, I'm trying to get cracking. For real. So what do you do? Let's say you win the fight or come Saturday night, what do you do? Do you stay? 'cause you it's a different weight class. You already a champion at one 30, you coming up to 1 35 fight in a champion there.


Do you stay in that weight class or you go back down? I'm going to do both. I'm gonna try to do both. I'm like we, I talked to the WBA already and like hopefully, but you could eat Twinkies now you good. Like man, I ain't gonna lie. Good. If you back down, if he wins, he's fighting tank again. Obviously that's your rematch clause. The contract. Yeah, no, definitely. So I Emini here, I have no choice but to stay at 35. But I did ask them to, if I can let me do my obligations to keep my belt at 30 just in case the business don't line up at 35. Right. People might be busy or the champs might be busy, they might be fighting somebody. Let's pray They don't, but if they do, I can go unify at 30. What did you learn from your loss against Jamal Herring that you would take into this fight?


Like how, how did the, how did a loss make you a better fighter? It just, it just made me realize that obviously I wasn't doing everything I needed to do to be a complete champion. You think I was, I just turned 24. I'm looking at myself already as world champ on top of The World being ready to be this big money guy or whatever the case may be. But it made me, it made me buckle down, it humbled me and it made me sit down and really do my work and really be a student of the game. Adapt everything. And again that they ain't gonna get nothing to you. You gotta go take it. And that's what I adapted. That's when I changed my, that's when I made my name, my nickname, the Reaper officially.


And I took on that Monica as I can't take no for answer no more. You know, I thought about that too 'cause I saw Ante's trainer say that tank's biggest fear is losing. And I wonder if it's too much pressure to keep up a, a undefeated record. And where did that mentality come from? Was it Floyd like? Yes, A hundred Floyd. Hundred percent Floyd. Yeah. Now when you train, right? Is it a part of your process to like study the other fighter? Yeah. Like you study. Okay. So what would you say is Tang's biggest weakness? Ooh, we got, we we gonna see. We gonna see. Oh, he can't say I can't tell you right now 'cause he might see this, but okay, we got a few. We got a few.


The World is constantly changing. It's up to you to decide how to respond. Choose to be bold to try something new. Choose to reinvent yourself. That's what Nissan did with the all new totally reimagined kicks. The dynamic new exterior styling immediately announces that Nissan isn't messing around the interior. A completely redesigned cabin with premium features like wireless Apple call play and a panoramic moonroof make driving a kicks immersive and exciting. And with new performance and safety features, like intelligent all-wheel drive, the kicks is both fun and safer to drive than ever before. It is the dawning of a brand new era for the Nissan Kicks. Only one question remains. Is it a new era for you as well? Drive the all new Reimagined Nissan Kicks today. Available features compatible device service and consumer activation of Nissan Connect Services. Package required use only when safe and legal subject to third party service availability For more information, see Nissan usa.com/connect/legal. Apple CarPlay is a trademark of Apple Link. Intelligent all wheel drive cannot prevent collisions or provide enhanced traction in all conditions. Always monitor traffic and weather conditions.


Hey fam, if you're like me, you're thinking about how to level up in your career, maybe you're fresh outta college, just started in your field or even looking to switch things up and find your true calling. Whatever stage you're in, remember that this is your time to grow, to learn, and to build something that lasts. State Farm understands that early career development is key to long-term success. They've been a steady presence in our communities and they know that having the right support early on can make all the difference. State Farm is there to help you make smart moves and to help you get the coverage you need. We all know the journey to success is a marathon, not a sprint. It's about staying focused, staying grounded, and making sure you're protected every step of the way. Let's build our careers with confidence knowing that State Farm is there to support us just like they've always been because like a good neighbor State Farm is there. Find out more at State Farm dot com.


Ready To celebrate the magic of live Music South by Southwest Music Festival returns to Austin, Texas this March 10th through the 15th with a fresh lineup of legendary and rising talent. Join a global community of music lovers, artists, industry professionals and creatives at the 2025 South by Southwest Music Festival. With hundreds of showcasing artists performing across six days and over 50 venues. Discovery is right around the corner at South by Southwest. Explore the lineup@sxsw.com.


Have you seen this new commercial from Standup to all Hate? It's Snoop Dogg and Tom Brady spewing hate at each other, but when you really listen to them, the reasons are just so stupid. This one really stopped me. It's a strong reminder that hate in our country continues to be out of control. So join us at The Breakfast Club and standing up to it, if you see hate speak up, call it out and learn more by following at what's up with hate


And the things that he does well is important too. Well you know what you could do, you could tell us offline and then Oh yeah, when you win we'll say, oh yeah, he told told us that. Let's say it. Let's Ask AK and Barack Emini here. What do you think tank's weaknesses is and what do you think Roach's weak weaknesses is? I, I'm You guys Analyze boxing. Well, I'm not gonna talk about his weaknesses right in front of right in Front of wait he to talk about his guy behind the back. But listen, I would, as far as tank Emini here, I would say Charlotte pointed to earlier where he starts late, right? He, he loses rounds early in the fight because he's relying on that, you know, one hitter quitter, which Deonte did as well a lot.


So I think that tank has a skill to start earlier. I, I would say that one of the things that I feel like that he should, lemme tell all The tank chain now. He better not start late with me. It's be a long night. It's be a real long night. I don't really think Tank has weaknesses. Yeah, I seen him get frustrated back in 2017. Right And and that's a weakness. But I haven't seen that Fonseca. I think so Fon it was see that, but since then I haven't seen that. But all five Get frustrated at some point in A fight. And I could tell you he had weaknesses when I seen him fight Jemele Herring. But I don't see that now. You get what I'm saying? So I seen them both go So what weaknesses, so you're saying what weaknesses had, They both did the same thing about starting late. Okay. They both did the same thing about starting late and then he wasn't being first. See you playing. Same.


I'm telling, I'm telling him I'm not a chump. You know what I'm saying? No, I don't mean I'm not calling him. I'm Saying, yo, y'all show gonna be so Chuck, I'm not calling him a chuck together. Long amazing. He Wasn't trying to be first when you should have been first. That's all I'm trying to say. All Right. We got more with AKA Barack and Lamont Rose Jr. When we come back, he's fighting Tank this Saturday at the Barclays. It's The Breakfast Club. Good morning. Morning everybody. It's DJ Envy. Just hilarious. Charlamagne the guy. We are The Breakfast Club AKA Baraka here. Also Lamont Roach, Jr. Boxer who is fighting Tank this weekend at the Barclays Center. Now I'm a casual boxer watcher.


We become a more of a fight fan now. Yeah, Yeah, yeah. But so yeah, yeah, yeah. I've seen with this fight you guys haven't got too disrespectful with each other. Right. Usually I see disrespect out the window. Is f your mother, your kids, all that? That's true. I haven't seen that with this one. Why is that? He cool. See Javonte play too damn much though. Like, But see that's the one thing, Like he troll though. Like Yeah he troll And I troll back. That's the thing. Like, and See I trolled back. Yeah. I, I troll back. So I never fought anyone. That's obviously of his like stature and as a, a stardom. But we follow each other like we see like, you know what I'm saying? We see each other. I already know he a troll. So I know what to expect.


Some people know that I am a troll And I can be funny or I can be funny on the social for sure. And I'm gonna have a comeback for Right. Whatever you got. So that's the thing, like it's a little different because we fighting each other now. So like, imagine me, I see everything that he do to troll everybody else. And the other thing is they be having like, he definitely be having personal vendettas with other people or people be having personal vendettas with him. Like they really be having like issue. I, I saw him label you. He said that you and Bud would be actual challenges. He said like Haney, I think he said Stevenson. Oh yeah, I seen that Too. And Davis would be light work. But he actually said you and Bud would be challenges. What'd you, what'd you think of that when you heard it? That he telling the truth when it come to me, he telling the truth. Oh.


Well not when it come to Bud. Huh? Not when it come to Bud. Yeah. I think He telling the truth too. Emini here, obviously he's big and he one of the best fights in The World. Right. Specifically when they come to me. Yeah. Like And I think people trying to say, oh he, he lying to sell a fight or whatever the case may be. Nah. Like this real, this a real fight, real deal over here. So what do you say to to to tank fans like Jess like that that don't believe in you, that don't think you going win that think you might get knocked out. I think You got an accent, You know. So what do you say to those type of fans like Jess? Like look at Jess right now and what? Nah See Because I wanna, because I'm 'cause people get behind them keyboards, they get a little disrespectful that Just people behind keyboard That yo broach.


Man I ain't never said Nothing about you all. I said nah last week you did say you said I don't even say sports. We don't even talk like that said so like that sports. She said something about Raid, she said something about raid Uhuh. I don see But no this is the thing I said I didn't know you, I didn't know who you was until Tank. You know what Emini here. That's all I said. And I say yeah he gonna beat you just 'cause that's my man. Like that ain't disrespectful. Supposed be. That's only how I go though. Emini here, a lot of people gonna be like I don't know who he is. So yeah he gonna get knocked out. Oh he gonna do this. He gonna be lea he need to get a pillow. Obviously I see that my phone, you know what I'm saying?


Like, but it's just like, I don't know shit about boxing. I don't y'all I don't. Sorry all That ain't true. I seen your breakdowns when the fight beyond a long day. You be asking GT be breaking down whole round. What The, alright. So do you ever feel with this being said since we on it like the underdog conversation, like does that affect you? Does that really piss you off because you stepped right up to fight him Emini here. It wasn't like he had to troll you to get him to Fight. Yeah, nah, for sure. But that's what I'm in it for. I'm here to fight the best. I wanna be the best. That's what really drives my whole career. For real, for real. Like I got in this to be the best. So if he's a pound for pound talent, what they going to think about me when I, when I win?


You know what I'm saying? So if you do beat Tank and then fight or reimagine beat him again, obviously you wanna fight the other champions at 1 35. Right. Let's say that scenario happens and Shakur should be on your, you know, one of your target, right? Oh he's on my radar. Who do you think is a harder fight tank or Shakur for yourself? Stylistically. That's A good question. Shakur bad boy man. I Emini here. I've been in the ring with him more than recent, more than recently. Shak bad boy. He don't get the credit use Deserve. You asked me Emini Here, everybody Emini here. It's just from the outside looking in and then you, they comparing him to a knockout artist. It's, that's that's not fair. Exactly. You know what I'm saying? It is just not fair. I don't know. Shakur, it seems like you leaning towards Shakur being a more difficult fight Maybe. Damn. I want to ask you about that.


Right? When you dealing with a knockout artist coming at you and he said he want to knock you out between six and eight rounds. He silly as I tell you that right now. I'll tell you what's but is there any level of fear to that at at All? No. What did I Just say? Silly. Damn. But listen, As far as betting right, we were looking at odds and in order for you to win a hundred bucks, you gotta bet 400 the tank knocks you out. So I never see odds like that. Like you gotta bet so much to win so little. So essentially that disrespectful, essentially they're saying you are definitely getting knocked out. That's what the odd makers are saying. It's crazy. So If you bet Did y the odds, did y'all see the odds for the Hector fight? No. Oh no. It was, it was bigger though.


It was bigger than that. Yeah, it was bigger than that. So obviously we cleaned up that night. Right, right. It's gonna be a repeat. I'm telling you right now, people Gonna make some money. Oh my God. You bet on yourself. Yes, of course. Is that illegal? I don't know. No, he's just joking. If that's illegal, I'm not gonna lie. You do have a level of confidence that make me feel like let put a couple dollars. You got confidence. Like percent. Hundred percent. I told him in the green room, like I've seen summer tank's, opponents even though they talk smack me a little shaky. Little shaky. Not him real Calm. Yeah. Do you, do you try to en Emini here, of course you're going to engage, but do you rely on your defense more and try to outbox tank or do you go in there and mix it up?


It's gonna be, it's gonna be mixed up for sure. We're gonna apply pressure, we're gonna be smart, we're gonna be defensive, we're gonna do everything. We're gonna do everything. We're gonna make him perform at his best. We're gonna make him perform at his best. We're gonna make him think, we're gonna make him feel pressure. We're gonna make him feel like, all right now I gotta get the, I gotta get out the way of the, when I tell you I really be trying to knock everybody out. It is not just like me going crazy, but if I can I'm going to try. Yeah, you be trying to set it up. What I Like to hear that too because I ain't gonna lie tank my man, but I got tired of paying money for the fights and it's over too fast. Like One year I paid For the fight and by the time I got in there it was the one in Atlanta. By the time I got in here it was over. So I was pissed.


So you better make 'em work for it. Hey, Okay. It's gonna be real worth your money. So This is the biggest fight Of your life For sure. Where did you get define your career? I win or lose. I always say that this is the, because I'm gonna win, but this the start of my legacy run. You know how fighters who, who you know, gonna be in the hall of fame? Yeah. Have that distinctive start of their run. Right? Right. This gonna be it, this, this gonna be it, this gonna be, especially 'cause you know he talking about return and all that. I think it's gonna be hard for him to get back in the ring if he lose honestly because he already talking about retirement. So if we do have two fights, that's damn sure gonna be my legacy run because we have two fights where you got this knockout artist that's a pound for pound talent that people are saying is one of the, and and not saying who is one of the biggest spec spectacles inboxing right now.


If I beat him twice, then go on to unify no matter what win or lose, I'm still fighting the best fights and it's always gonna be a dance. Like especially if I, if if I got a good dance partner in there with me, it's always gonna be a good fight. So this fight is defining the start of my legacy run. And that's where I want to go off to my Hall of Fame. I wanna go up to 40 and fight too. So Hall, hall of Fame. That's your, that's your goal. Like as a fighter when it's all said and done, you want to be a hall of famer? Yeah, I'm And you need this fight to, to Get you, I'm saying I'm setting out to, to be one of the best to have a lace up somewhere else. Saturday, nine years old. Good luck this Saturday. Yeah, thank you. I think, I think if, if, if you do win, I think you should come up Monday and sit and just chair with I give it up fine.


I'm with that for sure. Nah, but we appreciate you talking. What's the fight on? Is it on its own? No, it's on Amazon. Amazon Prime, Paperview. All right. Well Barack, we appreciate you go buy the Buy the pay-per-view. I'm gonna tell y'all right now, don't Steal buy pay-per-view. Buy the paperview. She still, she's stealing anymore. Buy the Pay-per-view, I'm telling you. Gotcha. Alright, well they And I Brock where kids watch y'all show At definitely on all the smoke fight YouTube page and we're gonna be doing a live broadcast Yep. For the tank and, and Roach weigh in at the Barlay center this Friday. So tap in on all the smoke fight. Alright, well Lamont, rose, Jr. Var Rock, we appreciate you brothers. Thank you Man. Thank y'all for having you. Good luck. It's The Breakfast Club.


Good morning. Yes indeed. Let's get to right to Jess with the mess. Real Just Robin Moore. Jess don't do no lying. Don't Stand now. The nobody worldwide, worldwide on The Breakfast Club. She's a ship. She was able to get y'all to see something and understand something that nobody could get you to see. It's time to set it off. This is Lauren's legal corner, not just at the mess. Now let's get to this 'cause we get, we need these updates on Dirk, what's going on? Yeah, So Emini here. Dirk is still right now sitting for that murder for hire case that we talked about before.


But there's something new that surfaced. So there's a, now a new wrongful death lawsuit that has been filed against Lil Dirk. The family of VEA Robinson now is who filed the lawsuit? VEA Robinson is the cousin of Kondo Rondo. Kondo Rondo is the artist the rapper. Yes. Who was in the car and or Yeah. Was the car. He was in the car and it was in Hollywood back in 2022 and someone shot up the car and his cousin was killed in the, in the midst of the like the shooting Yes. Or whatever or or them trying to get to him. And now the family member of that cousin is who is put suing Dirk. So on top of the murder for hire stuff that he now has to deal with. Right. He now has this civil case. And what they're saying is that because of, because of whatever was trying to happen during this murder for hire, they lost their veil Robinson.


So they, they want, they want some compensation for it. They want, they wanna be duly rewarded for it. So Derrick has a lot to, to handle right now. Yeah, yeah. That, that's the update is like they added some more on to it. Okay. And then other rapper news. But That's, that's just civil, right? That's not criminal. Yeah. A wrongful death lawsuit is a civil case. So, but on the criminal side, he's dealing with the murder for hire. That's why I'm like, it just piled on at this point. Mm, Gotcha. Now Birdman Yeah. Was either asleep or high as gir draft's ass on stage yesterday. Child. Okay, so listen. Yeah. So Birdman and the Hot Boys, y'all know that they're out on that. The it's like a, the tour during Couple days. Yes. The Hot Boys. Yes.


Now there's a video right now going crazy viral all over the internet, all over the outlets of Birdman on the stage. They're in the middle of a song and he appears to like nod off his eyes or just closed. I don't know what is happening. You can't Emini here. You can't really see his eyes. Well if he ever Popped a perk before you know what's happening And that was a 30. If if that allegedly that was a, you Could stand up like that and sleep and not fall. Absolutely. You drive through Baltimore City or Philly or drive through I you can, I ain't never seen nobody do it in New York. But yes, they, they know not to fall. How they know not to fall if they sleeping. That's they listen y'all Could y'all, could y'all put some respect on bird man age? The man is 56 years old. You know when you get to a certain age you gonna catch a nap.


Any and everywhere you Would know about putting respect on anything over there. Yes. You put, you gonna catch a nap and everywhere. That man on stage every night running around for the first time and who knows how long. Let me catch a little nap while juvenile rapping Wayne ain't rapping a video. I ain't gonna say it again. I ain't going say it again. That's it. You know he like to come up here. Yeah, well He Go up here and go to sleep. I done slept at a club Before. Right. But I'm usually leaning on something like if I'm sitting in the section and I'm leaning on something but standing up is He mastered the art A little catnap. How long was he out for? It was, it was, it was real quick. Called me my hat for a second. Six 10 seconds. BG came on. Turk just performing, performing BG comes over and he's like tapping him, yo, come on yo.


And like yeah, like hey then, and then Birdman get back beat To beat perk. Don't let the perk beat you. Come on man. Oh my God. Don't think that was no perk. He just catching a little cat nap, man. Yeah, Right. Little nap. That's cute. He 56 Stay with your film. 56 ain't old. What did, what did you talking about? Alright, wait till you turn 46 young girl. I about 56 ain't old. Be sleep in the middle of no show. Depends We'll see 12. You might need to be like, oh I like to consume my stuff after the show. I done Seen you catch a little nap in here every now and then. Yeah, but You talking about what you talking about? No off at work. Don't ever play with me like that. That was when I was pregnant And I was tired. Go ahead. Well I everybody Need a nap here and there.


Okay, I'm, I'm now I'm gonna say this, we don't know what it was. We don't know if it was the case case of the 56 Seeds needle in that Situation. Right. We dunno. Or if it wast something else. But people were concerned. Right. People were Very concerned and he, you know what he doing. So Emini here I, if I can find someone to reach out to, We gotta reach out to Tony Braxton. Tony Braxton. Yeah. Together. They doing this ain't they still Together? Emini here you can reach out to Turk. Turk will tell you what happened. Turk was right there. Turk Missed it. He was in his moment. He was Emini here. Yes. Hopefully someone will come out and clear it up because the fans were concerned. Now really quick, I, there was something that from the last hour we were talking, okay, before we got to a dirt, we were talking about Attorney Busby Busby.


Yep. And I did wanna mention too on the, it's it's in relation to the civil suits that we were talking about. That amended civil suit where he had added Jay-Z on and accused Jay-Z of sexually assaulting the 13-year-old girl back in 2000, which was dismissed. Jay-Z then filed, he filed an extortion lawsuit. In a defamation lawsuit. Right now defamation is very hard to prove. Not only is it hard to prove, but it's also really tough for you to get a judge to say, yo, this is even worth a court looking at. Right. Recently within the last, like this, this just happened where a judge says, Hey, I don't know if the extortion will move forward, but we'll take a look at that. They're gonna be back in court on March 26th. But I do believe that you do have a case for defamation and they're basing it off of public statements that Attorney Busby said.


Because at one point in time when he was like doing these, like all of the press rolls, press conferences, yeah. He referred to the accuser as a sexual assault survivor despite the allegations of against Jay-Z not being proven and needing some substance to them. And then also there was like a social media post implying that Jay-Z was the unnamed defendant before we found out. 'cause remember we didn't know at first who was the unnamed defendant. Correct. There was a post that implied that it was Jay-Z and they have evidence that Tony Busby or his Instagram page liked it apparently. And because of this information, the judge is saying, yo, we gonna move forward with this defamation case. Good. And take it to trial and yeah, good. And actually examine it to see what's going on. So I did wanna make sure I added that in there as well too. Keep your Ass off the internet. That's how it be.


I love it When people, when people go at these people with real money that it doesn't, they, it don't care that the fact they gotta spread millions to fight this. I love that. 'cause most people will be like, I ain't got that much money to do it. Or I don't have the time but hold got the time. Eventually it'll stop the, and the finances and eventually it'll stop the Griff, we've told y'all a million times, it's a Griff. Like, you know, somebody comes to these lawyers, these lawyers come to the, you know, the, the artists, whoever it is. And they say, Hey, if you don't settle with us, we're gonna have these press conferences that Right. And we're gonna put these stories out there and we're gonna make these allegations. It's like, come on man. At some point somebody gotta know us. A girl Cardi Too. Cardi got the money in time. She's the same way she gonna throw him. Yep. I love it. We gonna live in court. Yep. When it comes to my reputation and my name. Thank you Lauren.


Welcome. With the Legal Corner. You see me? Oh that's right. Legal corner. Now reach out to Turk and see what's going on so we can have an update. That's not legal though. Oh it will be. It will be when he hit what I say. Jesus, Go ahead. Alright Charlamagne, we giving that donkey Too, man. Four after the hour. Sad situation in North Carolina, there's a young 16-year-old man named Sean Simpson who needs to come to the front of the congregation. We'd like to have a a a, we'd like to have a word with you. Okay. Okay. All we'll get to that Nexus, The Breakfast Club. Good morning, You are chicken out The Breakfast Club. You wanna know how you came up with the donkey? A because you're mean I'm not. What did I Don today?


A bunch of donkeys out here Street. That is why Charlemagne, If we live a life where we fight our tongue based off who we may have seen, we never was saying don't Give a damn. Throw it. Hey, to Give it to him on The Breakfast Club. The word of Charlamagne. God he's a donkey. Oh man. Charlemagne, you giving donkey today. The who now? Well, Buster Rhymes donkey today for Wednesday, February 26th goes Deshaun Simpson. Sean Simpson is a 16-year-old North Carolina TJ teenager who broke down in tears after in court after being charged as an adult for murder. Let's go to Fox 46 for the report please.


Sean Simpson came into Gaston County Court at points wiping away his tears as he stood before a judge, just 16 years old. He's being charged with first degree murder as an adult. That's as a result of a law change that went into effect in December, which allows teens his age to be charged as an adult in certain crimes. Hmm. There was a realization that during this proceeding that the gravity was hitting him a grand jury indictment that could come in the near future. And a moment that hit when a judge told him that he would not be seeing freedom anytime soon. Court may impose a hold without bond. Court finds sufficient allegations in support the charges order held without bond. But it was something that Quaia Dawkins family says they needed to be here for Simpson accused of killing Dawkins.


Sunday night along Chester Street. Simpson also accused with attempted first degree murder involving another victim. Dawkins family says he was going to get medical supplies for his mother when he was killed. I would say this is a teachable moment, but I've been alive 46 years And I haven't seen too many of you learn yet. Okay. All of these are rerun. Sadly, I don't understand why we aren't breaking this cycle. I don't understand why we aren't learning Emini here. Truthfully, this was me at 16 or or 17. Of course I never killed anyone. But I've been in dumb ass situations like this. When I was 16 or 17, I went to jail for assault and baddy with intent to kill. Okay? The charge got changed, the point in presenting a firearm. But I was literally just in the backseat of a car and one of my homies shot at another car. Just dumb. And young and reckless wasn't about nothing, just teenage kids who don't really know any better.


I wrote about it in my first book. Black Privilege Opportunity comes to those who create it. And the reason I'm telling this story is because when my homie shot, there was three people in the car. The bullet hit the headrest of deceit. Nobody was sitting in the empty seat behind the passenger seat. But what if that seat wasn't empty? Then I go to jail for accessory to murder unless I snitched, which I probably would have. My point is, trouble is easy to get into and hard to get out of. And none of us have the time stone from the Marvel Cinematic universe. Okay? The time stone allows to use it to control time, you can rewind fast forward, travel through time. When you see this young man Sean Simpson break down like that in court. Don't you think he wish he had a time stone so he could rewind the time and not do what he did?


Of course he would. Of course. Okay. Sean and the young man he killed Quaia. Dawkins had a fight according to People magazine the previous year at Ashbrook High School. I don't know who won to fight, but it clearly wasn't Sean. And guess what kids, you gotta learn to take an ass whipping, okay? Because these are just all hypotheticals I'm about to spew. But if you fight, get your ass whipped. Even if it goes viral. So what? Okay, when anger rises, think of the consequences. Would you rather go viral because you got your ass beat in school? Or would you rather go viral because you in the courtroom getting charged with murder And then when you get charged with murder, you looking like Simba screaming, screaming out after Mufasa got trampled by the wildebeest.


Okay? This is exactly what Simba felt in that moment. A mix of shock, grief, and disbelief. But the grief you feel spending the rest of your life in jail 'cause you're getting charged as an adult isn't the same as the grief quaia his mother feels. So I don't feel bad for you, okay? I'm sad about the situation because two young black men aren't gonna have a future. And society, you know, keeps failing these young men. I read that Sean is being held in the Gaston Adolescent Center where he has been undergoing treatment, okay? The center treats children and adolescents that have significant emotional and behavioral difficulties. Now, I'm not the highest grade of weed in the dispensary, but why wasn't he getting this treatment before he committed a murder? I guess I still gotta say allegedly, but allegedly, okay.


There had to be signs, there had to be some type of disciplinary issues at home and in school, but those signs were clearly ignored. But of course we don't get people help until it's way too late. And that's what I'm sad about. Okay? These things could be prevented, but I don't feel bad Pa Sean. Okay? Because Zeus was walking to a store to buy items for his disabled mother. And that's when Sean shot him. That's when Sean shot him. Okay, listen to me read what it says. Okay, this, this is what it says happened in People Magazine. I'm gonna read this and you tell me what movie this sounds like The Quaia and his friend Walk in the Family Dollar to get items for Quaia, his mother, a black Tesla drives past and a boy in the backseat identified as Sean Simpson shouts something out the window.


The Quaia and his friend began to run. When the car returns again, Sean Simpson allegedly starts shooting from the back. And that's how Po Quaia got shot and killed. What movie does that sound like? Boy, in the damn world That was ready to say Boy in the hood, Ricky. Okay, But this ain't no movie dog. Okay? Quaia is dead for real because Sean Simpson made a choice that he is clearly now regretting and that he clearly can't change. And destiny is not a matter of chance. It's always a matter of choice. And I'm sad that Sean Simpson didn't make a better choice. But I'm not moved by Sean Simpson's tears. I'm not moved by his outburst in court. You know why? Because I know Qualia's Dawkins mother is crying way harder than Sean ever will.


Okay? There is a quote and the quote is, everyone makes mistakes in life, but that doesn't mean they have to pay for them for the rest of their life. Kids. I want to tell y'all that quote is a lie, okay? Yes. Everyone makes mistakes in life. And depending what that mistake is, you will probably pay for it for the rest of your life. Literally. In first degree. Murder in North Carolina is absolutely a life sentence. Please give Shawn Simpson the biggest. He all 16 years old, man. 16. That's crazy. 16 years old. That's crazy. But for me it was him breaking down like, Oh, realizing what it is. Yeah. Like, you know, too Late.


Nah, it is it too late? You know, you know, you out here trying to be a YN you about to go to jail and be a YB that Nope, I'm sorry. I don't, I I do not be feeling sorry for like, yo, come on. Like that little boy not here no more. Right? This is all because you, you couldn't just fight 'em, you couldn't just keep fighting them. Just that's ain't that how it used to be back in the day, you, before you go get a gun, you keep fighting until you win or whatever. Just, Well Emini here. People used to come back blasting too. We used say, we used to say the same thing back in the day. I think now it's heightened. Yeah. I say 'cause it's this recorded goes viral. Not The World season. You fucking as opposed to just your hood. Yeah. But it happens often. Like almost every day Happens. Happens a Lot more. Not a lot man. It Seems like guns are more accessible. Yeah. Like, like what, what was you At a higher rate.


Right. You know, because growing up you probably only, well I, I'm from New York. Country is a a lot different. But you might have only known one person with a gun. Yeah. Or, or, or maybe two people with a gun, I'm about to say. But you was even scared to yo honestly, like I new The World, have Y'all lived, we didn't have guns. And then if in New York you'd automatically get, I think it's two years or three years in prison if you were found with a gun. So you, I'm 46 years old. Gun violence has been going on since it has beginning Time. But I didn't know. Now it seems like every kid has a gun. Like, like, and not just small guns. Emini here, ar Emini here, shotguns Emini here, ZY Emini here. Extended click. Everybody had to Throw up just like you or something. Like we, the Country's a little different. Different Acting like this is a new conversation.


No, We are not acting like this is a new conversation. This is not a new conversation. We Just don't all have the same Gun. No, no. Gun violence has been going on since the beginning of time. And even it has, and by the way, I just mentioned one movie, we Boys in the hood, right? I, this is the same scenario from me of society too. To society Dude get beat up and he come back laughing. This is life sadly. Yeah, I understand. And that's, I said the cycle doesn't ever break. This has been going on for a long, long time. I'm not gonna sit here and tell that lie like, you know, gun violence has not been prevalent for, for a long time. It has, but it seems like it's gotten worse in the last, last couple of years. Absolutely. It's just when somebody's got a different opinion, respect it and shut up. Or maybe we just care more. 'cause we're adults now. 'cause think about it, when you were two, when we was young, we used to glorify it when we was young.


You kind of used to celebrate it a lot, right? That's just the fact of the matter. Well Let's, let's open up the phone lines about this kid. (800) 585-1051. Do you feel bad for this kid? He's 16 years old. He allegedly shot two teens. He's not gonna be charged as a a a a child. He's gonna be charged as an adult. He broke down in court yesterday crying. So you, you, you can tell where his, his mind frame is 805 8 5 1 0 5 1. Let's discuss. Yeah, Let's discuss. You feel sympathy. Do you feel sad for this young man? Something Failed. I feel sad for the situation of the cycle. That never seems to to end. I'm sad for the little boy mother who not here. Definitely. That's, that's part of the cycle. Let's, let's, let's, yeah, But that's, that's who I'm, I'm sad for Let's talk about it.


We'll take phone calls, we'll talk about it in death when we come back. It's The Breakfast Club. Good morning. The Breakfast Club. It's topic time. Call 8 5 8 5 1 0 5 1 to join into the discussion with The Breakfast Club. Morning everybody. It's DJ Envy. Jess, Hilarious. Charlamagne the guy. We are The Breakfast Club. If you're just joining us, Charlamagne gave Donkey of the Day. To who? Man, it's a young man in North Carolina named Sean Simpson. He's 16 years old. Okay? And he broke down in tears in court after being charged as an adult for murder. Can we hear this? Young man Court may impose a hold without bond.


Court finds sufficient allegations to support the charges, considering charges ordered, held without bond. Very sad. 16-year-old Katie found out that he's gonna be tried as an adult and not as a child. Broke down in tears. I think it hit him right there. I think he realized like, I might not never come out, ever. You know what, Emini here? Yeah, because He not really about that life. That's what happened. So we're Asking 805 8 5 1 0 5 1. Do you feel bad for him? It's hard to say. You feel bad for the boy, but I'm sad about the overall situation because it's a never ending cycle of, of just gun violence in, in, in our community. And you know, this kid is 16 years old. You would think at 16 he would have enough.


You would, you've seen it happen enough times to know what the end result is. You would think so. But it feels like people just keep making the same mistakes over and over. And I hate the fact that they're saying he's in the detention center now receiving treatment for emotional and behavioral issues. Nobody saw that since he's been alive 16 years. He just goes from zero to murder. Nobody saw that. It, It, it, it, it don't, it don't matter. And you know, it's, it's effed up. I don't feel bad for the young man. I'm, I'm sad that it, it happened, but I don't feel bad for me. Once you put that gun in your hand and you use that gun consequences happen and you fired that gun and now he has to deal with the consequences. The sad thing is, is that young man was failed somehow.


Some way. Yeah. And maybe it was parenting, maybe it was mental issues, like you said, it was something that failed that young man. And we need to have these conversations and a lot of times we don't have these conversations till it's too late. We need to have, his ego was bruised and we need to issues or ego, not mental issues. His ego was saying ego was bruised. He lost a fight. That's that's what it, and he couldn't take the laws and he came back and wanted to, to make himself feel better. Understand He had the gun or whatever. And yeah, you need to go, you know what, Emini here, all of that, the social pressure gets to these kids and they living, they lives looking at these wires online. You right. And that you wanna be, you wanna do that, then you break down the jail. You asking for your mother, right? Emini here. You break down the court. You right, you about to go to jail. You asking for your mother? No, the other kid can't even have his mother.


She, his mother ain't got no kid no more son. Like, no, I don't feel sorry for his ass. Nah, I don I don't feel sorry for him. But you know, we always talk about solutions and, and sometimes we need to have these conversations a lot earlier. Like


The World is constantly changing. It's up to you to decide how to respond. Choose to be bold to try something new. Choose to reinvent yourself. That's what Nissan did with the all new totally reimagined kicks. The dynamic new exterior styling immediately announces that Nissan isn't messing around the interior. A completely redesigned cabin with premium features like wireless Apple call play and a panoramic moonroof make driving a kicks immersive and exciting. And with new performance and safety features, like intelligent all-wheel drive, the kicks is both fun and safer to drive than ever before. It is the dawning of a brand new era for the Nissan Kicks. Only one question remains. Is it a new error for you as well? Drive the all new Reimagined Nissan Kicks today. Available features compatible device service and consumer activation of Nissan Connect Services. Package required use only when safe and legal subject to third party service availability. For more information seen Nissan usa.com/connect/legal. Apple CarPlay is a trademark of Apple Link. Intelligent all-wheel drive cannot prevent collisions or provide enhanced traction in all conditions. Always monitor traffic and weather conditions.


Hey fam, this is Carlos Miller from the 85 South Show. If you're like me, you're always thinking about how to level up your career. Maybe you're fresh outta college, just starting in your field or even looking to switch things up and find your true calling. Whatever stage you're in, remember that this is your time to grow, to learn, and to build something that lasts. State Farm understands that early career development is key to long-term success. They've been a steady presence in our community and they know having the right support early can make all the difference. State Farm is there to help you make smart moves and to help you get the coverage you need. We all know that the journey to success is a marathon, not a sprint. It's all about staying focused, staying grounded, and making sure you're protected every step of the way. Let's build our careers with confidence, knowing that State Farm is there to support us just like they've always been because like a good Neighbor State Farm is there. Find out more at State Farm dot com.


Ready to celebrate the magic of Live Music South by Southwest Music Festival returns to Austin, Texas this March 10th through the 15th with a fresh lineup of legendary and rising talent. Join a global community of music lovers, artists, industry professionals and creatives at the 2025 South by Southwest Music Festival with hundreds of showcasing artists performing across six days in over 50 venues. Discovery is right around the corner at South by Southwest. Explore the lineup@sxsw.com.


Have you seen this new commercial from Standup to all Hate? It's Snoop Dogg and Tom Brady spewing hate at each other, but when you really listen to them, the reasons are just so stupid. This one really stopped me. It's a strong reminder that hate in our country continues to be out of control. So join us at The Breakfast Club and standing up to it. If you see hate speak up, call it out and learn more by following at what's up with hate.


It's okay to Lose a fight. Well, we are though, that's the point. Like you we're having the conversations, all the resources are available. None of this is new. I'm 46 years old like these. We've been having these conversations at the beginning of time. Right. And it seems like nobody is learning. That's why I say you should feel bad for the situation because it's another ending cycle. And whatever this system is that exists, as long as there are products of that system like this kid, Sean, any of us could be a victim. No, you're right. But I I I also feel like hopefully these young kids out there that, that are thinking about it, sees this kid and say, you know what? I would hope so. I don't wanna be That. I would hope so. But It doesn't seem like they do. It seems like that's not gonna be me. I that's what, that's the that's the thing I always hear the Time. Yeah. Think about it. That ain't even the first young man we seen break down in court once. The reality of them fucking, once the reality of them consequences hit him.


You know what I'm saying? Like, we've seen them young men pass out in court, you know, cry, break down in tears, start screaming for their mama when they get sentenced to a hundred years. That's why, you know, I respect guys like Wallow or or anybody that's gone to do like them long prison sentences. Absolutely. And come home and tell people the reality of what's going on in those jails. The reality of the choices that they're making out here. But guess what, even with all those examples, these kids are still making them. Right. So I, so because He also spoke on the fact that yo, he can't tell, he can't expect for you to, he can preach to them all day, like Wao said, sitting on Shannon Sharp show. Yep. You can, he, I can speak to you or I can tell you, but if I can't provide, Provide The resources for you or, or like help you make a change right now, 'cause this is all you know, or this is what the environment that you're in, then I can't really be mad at you when you do things like this.


That's why I do understand that. Yeah. And that's why I'm speaking to the system, however, Yeah, I understand that. But at some point it's still like a, like somebody, like no, it's still a situation where it's like, yo, I shouldn't be doing this. Like, man, I, man, these kids know what's up. I bet you if he didn't get caught, he would be going around bragging about it or it wouldn't even be Absolutely right. You know what I'm saying? It is when they get caught, but that Mother's not even, but like you said, that mother lost a child. Yes. Like, and, and, and if anybody out there ever lost a child or something and put yourself in that predicament, no, you want that. Whoever did it, you want 'em to be in jail for, I Don't think we, we're not saying the wrong, we're saying that we don't feel bad for the young man, but we sat we feel sad for the sister. 'cause think about what Jess just said, just said them kids know that know better, right?


I Think they do. So if you know better, why you not choosing better? That's, that's what should scare people. I don't think they think about the consequences when they Do it. That's my, but that's what should scare, right? That is what should scare people. You're Right. Wow. Don't you think about consequences? You just killed somebody. Malika. Yes. Good Morning. Good Morning. Talk to us. So ask the question again. Do you feel sorry for the young man? Do You feel sorry for the young man? Yes and no. Only reason I'm yes and no is 'cause I'm a mom of three boys And I know when kids that are black and brown white girls, they come out as products for their environment. And for me, watching him break down, I feel like I need more details. Like there is young men out here that really are like evil and they go out to kill.


But if you grow up in this environment, you know, like some kids have to do certain things they feel like to survive. So I just feel like bad for both kids, the kid that lost his life, the family, but then the kid who's also losing his life to the system that we were raising. That's right. And when you are a young, impressionable 16-year-old, every single song, every movie tells you to retaliate, every movie tells you get it back in blood. You got, you know, you gotta go back and get your op if your op do something dirty to you. But That's why as parents too, you gotta make sure you have control of your kids and make sure they're not being raised by these songs and these movies and these artists that are doing entertainment And just their environment, period. I don wanted to put it all on the art just But but the art in their environment as well.


Because it could be their friends, it could be Even their parents though. Because I'm telling you, like parents, you lose control. Like you can't, like your parents can't be with you 24 7. They still going to do it, right? Hello? Who's this? What's up boss? No, this is not playing. Greg. What's going on y'all? What's up bro? Talk to us. What's your thoughts, bro? Do you feel bad for this young man And Yeah, I just, I do feel bad for this young man. Absolutely. I want to say I work with a, not an organization in Harlem by the name of Fathers Forward, a 5 0 1 C3 and we're correct directly connected to parent and community engagement. This is exactly why these type of things happen because our men don't have anybody to talk to. They don't have anybody to trust with their sensitivities. And that's a huge part of what Far Forward is about.


So I absolutely feel for the young man, I committed the crime And I absolutely feel for the family. I lost their life. Absolutely. But I just wanted to resonate on your point. Envy gun violence is worse because me and Envy we're from the same era. I'm from the Bronx, from Queens, we're on same age. Gun violence absolutely is worse. Even statistically showing, putting the guns in the hands of these young people. It's just, it's absolutely hor. So thank you guys. Keep doing what you're doing. Thank You. Robert. 805 8 5 1 0 5 1. Now Charlemagne gave Donkey the day to a 16-year-old Boy, Sean Simpson, who got charged with murder as an adult. He killed, I wanna say the brother's name too. The brother's name is Qua Dawkins. Rest in peace to the, to the young brothers, a Kous Dawkins.


They had a fight in school and then the guy the previous year, and then the dude Sean came back and shot Quaia later. And I, it is okay to take a LI just wanna tell kids that absolutely. Like it's okay to take, we've seen Charlamagne take a L on video. You know what Emini here, I've taken Ls before. I'm sure Jess, he from Baltimore. I'm sure you took an L. It's okay. It's all right. Like that makes you stronger. That makes you better. It's okay. You get to that's I said during donkey, when that deliver To another day, think of the consequences. Everybody got ego and social media makes it bad. And it ain't even just the kids. You got grown adults that fall victim to what people are saying on social media. Like yeah, they, they go in there, they read the comments. So imagine getting into a fight and then it goes online and not just your whole school though.


That is what you think is the whole world right, is coming after you, but that still don't give you a reason to go take a life and throw your life away. You win Some, you lose some, but you live, you live to fight another day. You feel bad for this 16-year-old boy. Let's discuss this. The Breakfast Club. Good morning. Made it, If y'all talking about it, you know we talking about it, it's topic times call 805 8 5 1 0 5 1 to join into the discussion with The Breakfast Club. Morning everybody. It's DEJ Envy, Jess, Hilarious Charlamagne, the guy. We are The Breakfast Club. If you're just joining us, we're talking about Charlamagne's Donkey today.


Now you gave Donkey the today to Who a 16-year-old named Sean Simpson in North Carolina who's being charged with murder Man. Him and a young brother named Quaia Dawkins got into a fight in high school the previous year. And then this dude Sean just came back and killed him in January. We're asking 805 8 5 1 0 5 1. Do you feel sad for that young brother? Hello? Who's this? This is Raquel Warren. Hey Raquel. Good morning. What's your thoughts, Raquel? Good morning. My thoughts right now I'm actually headed because he got a casket for my 16-year-old son. Oh man, His name. Oh, I'm sorry To hear that. His name is Tyre Campbell. I'm sorry to hear that Mom. Sunday, he was shot and killed by someone he thought was a friend.


And because the boy who shot him is the son of police, everything is being swept under the rug. And people are afraid to, they're afraid to come forth and say exactly what they saw because we, just a little bit, just to back up, I'm a single mother of four. I have a 17, I have a 17-year-old. Tyre was 16. I have a 13-year-old and a 10-year-old daughter. So the boy who shot him, he thought was a friend. He's actually 19. When I arrived to the scene, the boy's father was on the scene already And I automatically felt like he shouldn't have been allowed to be on the scene because his son had shot and killed. Not only that, he shot one of his other friends, but he survived.


But they were trying to say it, it was an, it was an accident, but when is it an accident when you pull out your gun and, and shoot. Right. So he's been charged with involuntary manslaughter and two orders of disorder to con that should be for the boy who, who's still living. My son should have a murder charge. He should be a murder charge to him shooting and killing my son. And What, what you calling, Like I said, fall Where you calling from? Georgia. But my kids are originally from Walter, South Carolina, but I left there as when they was a toddler. Wow, Man. I'm so sorry that you going through what you're going through, man. Absolutely. Yeah. It's, it's the absolute worst. I I have no going to pick out a casket for my 16-year-old son.


Absolutely right. I'm so sorry. I absolute seen no big going. Well, I, I Emini here. I I'm trying to, What can we do to help you Emini here? Do you want to, I don't know, say the, I don't know what you can, can you say the person's name or do you do, do you want to say, do you know? Well, not because I'm not sure I, if I can because he's 19, but I do have a, I do have a Facebook, I've been trying to, you know, make it aware, but because like I said, it's a small town that we live in. So I feel because he's the son of a police officer that it's gonna get swept under the rug. It's not gonna get attention like that because people are scared to come forth. Well what what we'll do is we'll put you on hold and a producer will get all your information and you can just keep us abreast to everything that's going on.


And, and if we can help you in any way, we would love to. Alright, thank you so much. Hold on. Okay. Okay. All right. Well, all right. We have a moral to the story Emini here. The moral of the story to me man, is just like, you know, even though gun violence has always been prevalent in our communities, you know, if, if it's getting worse, that's because the system isn't broken. It's designed to work that way. It's a reason they don't put resources in certain communities. They don't want our kids to have education. These kids aren't getting, you know, behavioral and mental health treatment early. They don't want our kids to have opportunities to be the best version of themselves. And that's why this cycle doesn't end because it's a never ending cycle. And, you know, whatever the system is that exists, as long as there's products of that system, you know, roaming these screets, we always gonna have to, to, to watch our back.


Like, it shouldn't be easier to get a gun than it is a good education. Yeah. It shouldn't be easier to get a gun than it is to get good, you know, behavioral mental health resources. Right. It shouldn't be easy to get a gun than it is to get a job. That's a fact. All right, well, you know, I, I would like to, you know, close out with Salute to the late great John Witherspoon community comedian. He said this at the end of Friday and it always just stuck with me. Mm. You win some, you lose some, but you live, you live to fight another day. All right, well we got just with the mess coming up. Yeah. Something going on. I Don't know. We'll get to it next man. Lot on our mind. It's The Breakfast Club. Good morning. The Breakfast Club.


Yep. It's the world's most dangerous morning show. The Breakfast Club. Charlemagne Ne God just hilarious. Oh, there go DJ Envy. He just walked in. But it's time for Jeff to mess. There you go. Real hilarious. Jessica Robin Moore just don't do no lying. She don't, nobody worldwide. Jess Worldwide on The Breakfast Club. She's a ship. She was able to get y'all to see something and understand something that nobody could get you to see. It's time to set it door. All right, so I'm just gonna ask you before we start off, is it, is this the messy hour, Lauren? It's a little, it's a little messy. Gets a little little bit stuff gets a little crazy, gets a little dry.


Damn. Okay, well Cameron came in Ochocinco. Yes. So Cameron let it be known that he does not like Cinco whatsoever on his show. It is what it is. Now let's take a listen. No, no, no. First let's take a listen to Ocho cinco because Cameron was responding to something that Ocho said back February 6th. He sat down with Steven A. Smith and talked about getting a, can I say the word with the p And a pain? No, you cannot say that word. Getting his pussy cat. You can say penis implant. Yeah. Oh, you can say penis, implant penis. He, He got a penis enhancement. Oh, you Say PI don't know what p you talking about sometimes? No. Oh yeah, Y'all p y'all p.


So you Say, so he, he got a penis enhancement. Ochocinco did. So let's take a listen to that Small story. I was in high school at the time. Oh lord. And I was losing my virginity. We, we had engaged in horizontal activity. Go ahead, keep going. And she, she got to the point where we were, we were in action and she said in my ear, go deeper. And what hurt me is I was already all the way in. So I had ran outta peepee Jesus. And that is what caused me to get into amateur porn so I could perfect my craft in the pelvic area. So I would never have to hear that again. I'm here to share, I'm here to share my stories and my shortcomings back then. I've had surgery since then, so I'm good. Amateur porn, don't make your penis bigger. But he's saying I could practice.


Yeah. He needed the ego boost and then he needed the, the length boost that I, from, from what the people was saying, what the reports are is he went from, I don Dunno if this is real. You don't how even be trolling three to 11 inches. It was like a a the numbers that was stolen out there. But so Cameron Mac and Stat baby, they were on it is Treasure Wilson. They were on it is what it is. And Treasure Wilson is, she's trying to have a conversation just about if male enhancement surgery is cool, like can men do that? And they threw it to Kim and let's take a listen to his response. He ass need to keep they ass inside man. Fuck is you telling another grown man about you getting your two piece little bigger man. I don't really Chad or your sink. To be totally honest with you, when we started this show, the was hating from the very beginning.


He comes outta nowhere talking about, yeah, I'm gonna get myself back together and I'm taking Cam's spot. Why the, you gotta take my spot. You talking about you been a football player your whole life now because I'm doing sports, you come take my spot. And at that particular time, we had only been doing the show about two and a half months, three months. But that's how much of a impact that I had that felt threatened, you know what I'm saying? Then after that I tried to give him a job, he like, yo, talk to my agent. I said, I'm talking to you now. What the fuck? I don't do business like that. I talk to my agent. See you so dumb. You can't even speak for yourself. Stupid mother. Damn. First I would say Cam is the funniest thing in Nebraska, like leave like Cam is I love Kim, You know why I don't have a problem?


Love cam wrong. Because a lot of times people opinions be rooted in how they personally feel about somebody. Correct. So if Cam would've just been talking about the penis story, everybody be damn why Cam care so much about that? Yeah, that's But when you give the backstory, cam let you know, I don't really rock with that dude. Forget the penis story. I don't like this dude. So let me, let me get this off. I'm not mad at him For it. Now was OCHO single planned though? Because he always planned now. I Don't know but when you, because even when he said it, Steven, because it Ain like the Elliot Wilson thing, this is like, is it like, is it like that or is it when, because I can't take OCHO serious enough to think that he was, seriously When Steven a coming for, when he said it, Steven a said yo, when he said it Steven, they said like, you know, the cameras are rolling right. But then also too, I don't know, I don't really know what the issue is because from what Kim is saying, they, it wasn't always like this.


He was trying to figure out a way that they could get money together and work all that work together. Yeah. So, but I'm not mad at O2 telling the truth though, if that's his truth and that's how he felt. We And I not, I'm not mad at that but also when we started The Breakfast Club there was a lot of people that took shots at us as well And I always remember that and I'm sure you do as well. Charlemagne. No I don't actually. I do You. I'll tell you, I'll tell you a list of them. I Don't even care We up, you right me Up been up for a long time, I care. But I always remember them shots and Cameron always remember them shots. So yeah. Whoa. I don't, it's just kind just You petty than me. So stop it. I'm damn sure Petty. But you just talking about like You hit them in just with the mess every so often. Yeah. Who The people that threw shots at you. Absolutely. Yeah. And it's gonna keep happening like that.


See I see. I forgot what else I was raised to say. See That's why. But to that point, that's why I like what Cam did. Yes. 'cause something. Imagine Cam would've just been in there. You a clown 'cause you ain't got a bigger penis in this. It ain't even about that. Nope. I don't like this dude for this reason. Yes, This is what it was. That's what it was. That's what I was raised. Say. Then we can move on to Halle Bird 'cause I don wanna hear about this dryness look. Nah, this my thing is he maybe he don't handle business like that. Like that's just what it is. That's what he said. Nah, he, he ain't dumb. He probably just don't wanna beat them and do business directly and then you got a whole agent for that. That's what he said. So Emini here, that's just what that is. But I think that's one of them things. It's like take it or leave it. Like if you felt that way, cool. We at where we at now. So Cam might just do business different, you know, and also a hood dude. So it is what it is. Dang. Halle Berry Drive. No, we got one more minute.


That's Right, we doing that one. So Halle Berry has diagnosed her self-diagnosed herself with dry vagina syndrome. Oh my god. I reported, remember she said She had the lubricant. She thought she had no, her doctor thought told her her that she don She had herpes. Yeah, yeah, herpes Are And then she was wrongfully, oh my, go Ahead. So it goes into that conversation, she brought that back up again. But she's talking about going into menopause and as of this, as of March, she may be going into menopause. How things start to change. Let's take a listen. When I was 54 years old, I had just met man, I, you know, I manifested this man and we were having the best time and then one morning I tried to go to the bathroom And I couldn't go. It was so painful. It took me almost 10 minutes to just empty my bladder because it was so painful.


So I go right to the doctor, he said it's a really bad case of herpes. And now then he drove me there because this was so swollen I couldn't even put my legs together to drive. Mm. So we spend the next 72 hours kind of doing the blame game, trying to figure out who gave it to me, who gave it to him. And then a couple hours after that my doctor called me and said that you do not have her. Oh My God, isn't That fucking okay then what is it? He said, I don't know. And that sent me on my own researching and that's when I came up with dry vagina syndrome that women have when they're in perimenopause. Gotta Jump. The man came up with that. I need to, we need to hear from more women at some point this week because really a thing at 50, Y'all young so y'all don't know nothing.


Ain't the first time I've heard that. Yes, that she, it was so swollen she couldn't close us. Her legs. I never heard of nobody not been able to pee for 10 minutes. You know what Emini here Talking About? I'm talking about the vaginal drive dryness that comes with menopause. Oh Yeah, yeah, yeah. But all those symptoms that she was describing, I had never heard of that. So I would've thought, you know Van or whoever, you know her man, my man gave me something too honestly. And then a doctor said no false alarm. So y'all over there admit y'all both cheated and for no Reason Can't you sue the doctor though? That's a misdiagnosis. You got me and my man about to kill each other. I absolutely think you should be Here. Imagine you got gonorrhea, you thinking who gave it You like I don't got gonorrhea. You got gonorrhea, you got gonorrhea. Ain got gonorrhea. We got gonorrhea. If We don't have gonorrhea To go from being able to super soap to being just dried up stale crackers Is crazy.


That's what you gotta to look up to. No. Yes. That's for what y'all, She's sitting on that couch. Y'all ain't catch Lauren fishing just now. She threw some bait out there just now. I saw what you did there man. Don't worry about it. I saw what you did there. I don't Know what I did. I saw what you did there ma'am. Well that is What you did there. Thank you. Okay. Alright. I didn't do Anything. I saw what you did there. All right. Okay. Oh you mean I tooted my Own horn, you know what I'm saying? Yeah. Period. Hilarious. Wet my own whistle And it was crickets. Alright. All right. Mix. Alright, mix is up. Next. Wanna start? Alright, the mix is up. Next is The Breakfast Club. Good morning, wake up. Wake up. You're locked into The Breakfast Club.


Morning everybody. It's DEJ Envy, Jess, Hilarious Charlamagne the guy. We are The Breakfast Club. It's Black History Month. We ing today. Listen, you know, every day during Black History month, my God be Dot puts out an episode of I Didn't Know, maybe you didn't either. On the Black Effect iHeartRadio podcast network. And today he highlights the incredible story of major Charity Adams in the six triple eight. Let's discuss I, let's Talk about major charity. Adams born in 1918 in Catrell, North Carolina. That's right, she's a Carolinian and she was raised in Columbia, South Carolina.


Her dad was a minister, her mom was a teacher. And together they basically raised a human LinkedIn profile, Emini. Here she was a valedictorian math degree from Wilberforce University teaching career. And then 'cause clearly she didn't have enough on her plate, she joined the Women's Army Auxiliary Corps during World War ii. And then she just casually became the first black woman commissioned as an officer. Now fast forward to 1944, the Army gives her a mission lead. The six triple eight, the only all black, all female battalion deployed overseas. Their job sort. 17 million pieces of backlogged mail for soldier stationed all across Europe.


Now these women were dealing with warehouses full of letters stacked floor to ceiling. I'm talking about rotten packages. A smell you could probably never forget, probably smell worse than circus dirt. And did I mention racism and sexism because of course it was the 1940s. They weren't just fighting the male, they were fighting people who didn't think they deserved to be there in the first place. But Charity Adams wasn't having it. She was like, look, we're gonna sort this mail and we're gonna do it better than anyone expects. They set up three shifts working around The clock, sorting 65,000 pieces of mail a day. Meanwhile, I'm over here struggling to archive a thousand posts on my Instagram.


And here's the kicker. They were given six months to sort through 17 million pieces of mail. They did it in three, three months. They basically invented efficiency. Their motto was no mail, low morale. 'cause they knew the stakes. These letters were more than just paper. They were lifelines. Soldiers got letters from their moms girlfriends, maybe a side chick or two. Hell, I ain't judging. War is stressful. But in all seriousness, what they did was absolutely incredible. And here's why it matters today. Major Adams and the six Triple eight proved that black women could take on impossible task and knock 'em out the park even when The World doubted them.


That story is about resilience, excellence, and not letting anybody tell you what you're capable of. So the next time you're drowning in emails or a coworker sends you one of those per my last email, passive aggressive messages, just channel your inner six triple eight think hell if they could sort 17 million letters I can damn sure handle Karen from accounting. And as a matter of fact, Tyler Perry did a movie about the six triple eight. Kerry Washington was the lead. You can find it on Netflix. Shouts to the six Triple eight A group that I didn't know. Maybe you didn't either. Happy Black History Month. Yes indeed.


And make sure you subscribe to the, I didn't know, maybe you didn't either. Podcast on the Black Effect iHeartRadio Podcast Network available everywhere you listen to podcasts. All right, when We come back, we got the positive note. Don't move, it's The Breakfast Club. Good morning. Morning everybody. It's DEJ Envy, just hilarious. Charlamagne, the guy. We are The Breakfast Club. Yes, and listen man, noon today, tickets to the third annual Black Effect Podcast Festival. Go On Sale. We are back in Atlanta, Georgia this year, Saturday April 26th at Pullman Yards in Atlanta, hosted by Mandy B and Wheezy Decisions. Decisions and the lineup this year. Oh, we got more podcasts to be announced, but so far we've, we've announced the Trap Nerd podcast for all the gamers out there. The Good Moms Bad Choices podcast will be there.


Karen Champion will be there with her Naked Sports Podcast tank. And Jay Valentine will be there with their r and B Money podcast. And we have the Woman of all podcast with the great Sarah Jakes Roberts. That's right. Saturday, April 26th. Pullman Yards tickets go on sale today at noon. More podcasts to be announced. And you know, the podcast that we named, they gonna have guests and all of that good stuff. We'll be naming those later as well. But you can go get your tickets today at noon at black effect.com/podcast Festival. They go on sale at noon today. And make sure, if you are in the Bay Area, make sure you get your tickets from jess lawyers official.com. I'll be there Friday and Saturday, March 7th and March 8th, me and my brother Desi will be there.


We got four shows. There's two shows on that Friday and then two shows on that Sunday. I ain't been in Oakland in a minute and y'all sell out every freaking time. And I might do meet and greet, I might do meet and greet. Y'all bring me some nice law. Some, some, some spliffs pull up like y'all do every year. Yes. Show out for me. Yeah, they, they be, they be pulling up with everything I be going home with like a whole dispensary. Jesus. Crazy. So see y'all today. Alright. And I, I'll be out there as well. Ontario, California, the r and b block Party salute to Jermaine Dupree. Brian. Michael Cox will be out there for the r and b day. Yo, don't say his last name. That's crazy. I was thinking the same Thing that that's the Name. Yeah, but you, you put a lot of emphasis on the Cox, like, it's like, damn.


Yo, you said it like you was coughing one out. Just Yeah, Just say Brian. Michael, this is Brian. Michael C All right. Brian, Michael C. All right, there you Go. Jesus. Right. Positive note man. Brian and Michael's. Cox. That's what it, that's what it sounded like you was doing. Listen, the positive note is simply this. You know, we was having this conversation this morning, man. Just about choices. Always remember we are free to choose our paths, but we can't choose the consequences that come with them. Have a great day. Breakfast Club Bitches. I'm Finish. Or y'all done. Ready to celebrate the magic of Live Music South by Southwest Music Festival returns to Austin, Texas this March 10th through the 15th with a fresh lineup of legendary and rising talent. Join a global community of music lovers, artists, industry professionals and creatives at the 2025.


So by Southwest Music Festival, with hundreds of showcasing artists performing across six days in over 50 venues. Discovery is right around the corner at South by Southwest. Explore the lineup@sxsw.com.


Hey everybody, it's your favorite play, Cousin Junior from the Steve Harvey Morning show. You know, the Toyota Tundra and Tacoma are designed to outlast and outlive, backed by Toyota's legendary reputation for reliability. So get in a tundra. With available I force Max Hybrid engine, delivering exceptional torque and towing capacity. Or check out a Tacoma with available off-road features like crawl control. It can take you beyond the trails. Toyota trucks are built to last year after year, mile after mile. So don't wait. Get yours today. Visit buy a toyota.com for deals and more. Toyota, let's go places.


Residents at BrightView, senior Living Communities enjoy enhanced possibilities. Independents and choice. BrightView D Corner in Herndon and BrightView, great Falls offer vibrant senior, independent living, assisted living and memory care services through various daily programs and cultural events. Chef prepared meals, safety and security, transportation, resorts, amenities, and high quality care. Everything you need is here. Discover more at Wright u senior living.com. Equal housing opportunity.


Hello, it is Ryan And I was on a flight the other day playing one of my favorite social spin slot games on Chumba Casino dot com. I looked over the person sitting next to me and you know what they were doing. They were also playing Chumba Casino. Everybody's loving having fun with it. Chumba Casinos home, the hundreds of Casino style games that you can play for free anytime, anywhere. So sign up now at Chumba Casino dot com to claim your free welcome bonus. It's Chumba Casino dot com and live the Chumba Lights sponsored by Chumba Casino. No purchase necessary v GW Group Void for prohibited by law, 21 plus terms and conditions apply.