
The holidays are here at the Home Depot. So let's get to decorating. Find Your Perfect Tree in our huge assortment of shapes, sizes, and styles. Like the easy to assemble Jackson Noble Fur with pre-lit branches. Perfect for styling with all your favorite ornaments. Or the flocked starry light Frasier fur. With over 1900 pre-lit memory wire branches that keep their shape so it's ready right out of the box. Ooh, find the perfect tree now at the Home Depot and enjoy fast and free delivery on select holiday decor, subject to availability. See Home depot.com/delivery for details.


What's up? It's me, Don Tover. If I could describe the open air, but I would describe it just very seamless. It's like you clipping onto your ear and then sometimes you can forget it's there, but it's not going anywhere. 'cause it's like clipped. It's kind of crazy. If I could bring my music with me wherever I go and just make life easier and seamless without interruption, to be able to have the music on hand like that without any interruptions, would would be great. Check out bulls.com for more.


You could sit there and listen to ads, or you could take a moment to have a Diet Coke break. First, grab a chill diet Coke. 'cause if you want it to be perfect, it needs to be crispy. Next, get a big cup of ice. 'cause everyone knows Diet Coke is best served swimming in ice, then sip it slowly. Feel that burn and enjoy your break for as long as possible. When you need a break, don't forget to grab an ice cold Diet Coke and take a Diet Coke break.


The Following ad is sponsored by Pet's Best Insurance Services. Your pet is your bestie, your therapist, your preferred match. It's easy to love them even when they sneak your snacks. It's easy to protect them too with pet insurance coverage from pet's Best because it's all fun and games until they chew on something they shouldn't. With perfect timing. Pet's Best helps protect your furry friend and your budget from this imperfect world. Get up to 90% on eligible Vet bills for less than a dollar a day. Find your perfect match@petsbest.com. Pet insurance products offered and administered by Pets Best Insurance Services LLC or underwritten by American Pet Insurance Company, or Independence American Insurance Company. For all terms, visit pets best.com back slash policy.


What's it like to get the new iPhone 16 Pro with at t? Next up, anytime. It's like when you first light up the grill and think of all the mouthwatering possibilities. Learn how to get the new iPhone 16 Pro with Apple Intelligence on at and t and the latest iPhone everywhere with at and t's. Next up, anytime at t connecting changes everything. Apple Intelligence coming 4 20 24. Which Siri and device language to set us English. Some features and languages will be coming over the next year. $0 offer may be not available on future iPhones. Next up, anytime. Feature may be discontinued at any time. Subject To change additional fees, terms and restrictions, apply to att.com/iphone four. Detail.


Good morning. USA Yo yo. Yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo, yo yo. Just hilarious. Good morning Charlemagne. The God Peace To the planet. Guess What day it is? Guess what day it is? Hump Day. Good morning. How y'all feel out there, man. That's Right. It's Wednesday Hump day. How you feeling, Jess? I feel much better. Feel good. You lost your voice. Yeah, I lost my voice, but I also got sick. Remember last week I came here. And I said that my son had strep throat. Whoa. We took him to urgent care. He didn't have sheep though, but they were saying that it's just like a bug going around. So that's what they said it was. And he got almost everybody in the house sick except Chris and the baby nanny.


But you got sick, which is Yep. Me Na had caught a little something, but she's in Jamaica celebrating her birthday. My little sister just turned 21 yesterday. Happy birthday to her. So I'm happy. I'm sad I Can't with her, her sick ass out the country to get half a Jamaican sick. Excuse Me. She don't care. Her and her girlfriend is living it up on the island, Montego Bay. So, yeah. But I'm better now. Good, good, Good. Yeah. Luke And. I man. Yeah. And I got a s Stu. Yes, She did. Gonna put her business out there like that Sway You look like she look like Sway Lee. Really Hosting up. She out out with her now. Wow. At first, You know they, they do the close friends thing, but she was like, I'm about to pop out with her. I said, okay. Pop out in Jamaica then. Wow. Okay. And what you did Last, she laying back when she get back, it's gonna be a bunch of her studs mad though.


'cause they be on n they Be all night. Oh. So she's fish in, because at one time she was just dipping her toe in. That's when I thought she was dipping her toe in, but she was already a whole body under the water. So She Okay. Alright. She full game. She's a letter. She's a letter. She's a letter. She's a letter. Yep. She's A l. Alright. Jesus Christ. I feel blessed black and highly favored man. Another day to serve our beautiful listeners. Happy to be here. That's Right. Yes. Alright, well, we got a a, a big show for you today. Got a, a bunch of people joining us, Tesla and Figueroa. She'll be joining us. Hey, Yes. The host of this great shot No Chaser podcast on the Black Fact iHeart Radio podcast network. She'll be here to give her post-election recap. Yeah. A Recap. Oh, I know that's right. All right. And she, and she has points with her today.


So she'll be going through some of the things that's on her mind. Also, rapper, IDK will be joining us. He's from the DMV area. He has a new album Bravado out right now, and we're gonna be talking to him. All right, so let's get the show cracking Front page News. Morgan Woods. Up next. And it's The Breakfast. Club. Good morning. Morning everybody. It's DJ Envy. Jess. Hilarious. Charlemagne the guy. We are The Breakfast Club. It's almost 2025. We're still starting to show off with snooze. Okay. Yes. That's not the song I want to hit when I'm tired in the morning, because that's exactly what I wanna do. Hit the snooze button. Well, today is Joe Biden's birthday. Happy birthday to Joe Biden. So you, you really trying to make me sleepy this morning. It's future birthday too. It's Future's birthday too. Okay. Okay. That's still Cody. Make you sleepy too. Dammit, man.


All right, well let's get in some front page news. Now, we usually don't do NBA scores till later on in the season, but the Cleveland Cavaliers lost their first game to the Celtics last night. Now they were 15 and oh. So now they're 15 in one. I think they're the second team to go undefeated like that. The first of course was the Warriors a couple of years ago. We all remember them when that team was crazy. So now is the Cleveland Caver layer. So congratulations. Well, they Lost, but congratulations for going that far. Still a great start, Cleve. Absolutely. Great start. Good morning, Morgan. Good morning. Good morning. Happy hump day NB and just, Hey, y'all feeling y'all good up Morgan? Yep. Alright, let's get into it. So as the G 20 summit in Rio de Janeiro wrapped up yesterday, president Biden spoke about the existential threat that is climate change, saying there's a lot more work that needs to be done.


Let's hear from President Biden in Rio de Janeiro. This is the single greatest existential threat to humanity. If we do not deal with climate change, our children, our great-grandchildren, our great-great-grandchildren, their future is gonna determine by what we do in the next four to six years when it comes to the adoption of clean energy. We've made remarkable progress together. But we all know we have so much more to do. We all know, we all know what it takes. I have absolutely no faith in The World to do anything to fix this. Okay, You know there's a climate change clock in. There's four years, 244 days left to, to limit global warming.


Sheesh, We're not gonna be Biden. Biden says he the US has fulfilled its pledge to contribute $11 billion a year in climate change financing to developing countries. And he promised another $4 billion over the next three years. So that's within your window. Charlamagne to The, World Bank, international Development Association and Agency that assists the world's poorest nations. Can you help me on poor too? Meanwhile, more appointments and nominations are being made in the forthcoming Trump administration. Most recently, president-elect Donald Trump is nominating TV celebrity Dr. Oz, to leave the Centers for Medicare and Medicaid Services. The CMS oversees Medicare, Medicaid, children's health insurance, and healthcare.gov, which provide coverage to nearly half of all Americans.


Dr. Dr. Oz posted on X that he looks forward to serving his country and to make America healthy again. Under the leadership of Robert F. Kennedy Jr. Who has also been nominated to lead the Department of Health and Human Services elsewhere, Trump has reportedly set to name transition co-chair Linda McMahon as the Education Secretary. Now CN CNM reports that she was given the nod after Trump named his other transition co-chair Howard Lutnick to lead the Commerce Department. Now, McMahon directed the Small Business administration during Trump's first term and is the former CEO of WWE. She founded with her husband Vince McMahon. And she's also had two unsuccessful runs for US Senate seat in Connecticut losing in 2010 and 2012.


Linda McMahon for education Secretary elsewhere, vice President-elect, JD Vance says the Trump team is interviewing prospective FBI directors that suggests plans to send current director Christopher Way. Ray, excuse me, on his way. Vance faced criticism on X for missing a Senate vote that approved a judicial nominee of President Biden. He responded on social media that writing that he missed the vote because he was meeting with President Trump to interview multiple positions for our government, including for FBI director. Now the position has a 10 year term, so Ray would typically be safe until 2027, but the president is able to remove the agency's head. So we'll see what happens with that.


And lastly, the Senate majority leader is not giving President-elect Trump any assurances about his cabinet picks a Republican senator Mitch McConnell is once again raising the issue of the Constitution's advice and consent clause. Let's hear those comments from Senate Majority Leader Chuck Schumer. He doesn't have Chuck Schumer audio. Okay. So basically Chuck Schumer's audio says that they're gonna go and do their due diligence as Congress is supposed to do. And there are no guarantees when it comes to any of these picks that Trump is putting forth. Now, Trump has put forth some of those nominees that lawmakers on both sides of the aisle are questioning.


McConnell said he expects the u usual Senate confirmation process and strongly hinted that there will not be any recess appointments. So again, Congress is gonna continue to do its due due diligence on both sides of the aisle when it comes to making the selections and these nominations. Just because Trump puts them up doesn't mean that they will be confirmed, is essentially what is happening in regards to that. We got time for one more. No, we, I can't Wait to see who he picks for his FBI director. That's gonna be amazing. What famous television cop is he going to pick to be the head of the FBI Magnum pi? Like who is he gonna be? He Might go left. Just Michael Ho Hogan. Nah, It won't be Hulk Hogan. Hulk Hogan has no experience being a cop or playing a cop.


What's the guy in, what's the guy in Louisiana who always played a cop? I cannot think of his name, but he's, she, he actually was a cop in Louisiana. He's an actor. You guys can't, you guys don't know I, don't know who you talking About. Oh man, he had a show and everything. Is he black? No, he's a white guy. Has a ponytail. He ain't picked nobody black for his cabinet yet. What? No, that's, that's a whole nother thing. Oh man. Well, we'll Get it to it. Alright, well that is front page news. We'll see you next hour. Yes. Everybody else get it off your chest. 805 8 5 1 0 5 1 If you need to vent, phone lines are wide open. Call us up right now. Good morning, it's The Breakfast. Club. Good morning The. Breakfast Club.


It's a new day. This is your time to get it off your chest. Wait, wake up whether you're mad or blessed, it's Time to get up and get something. Call Up now. (800) 585-1051. We want to hear from you on The. Breakfast. Club. Hello? Who's this? Hey, what's going on Gie? What's going on Jess? Going on Charlotte. Good morning. Peace. Peace game. What's up brother? What's your name? Matt, Charlotte, North Carolina. I actually met you and Charlotte a long time ago back in the CIAA days. Okay. 7 0 4 was happening. Those Were great days. I wish. Sorry Jess, but I wish they bring it back to, to North Carolina Or he late G. Nah, he here. Hey man, I don't be late as usual. And. I. Lemme ask you answer me this though.


Y'all do all these drops right? All we can't get the Wednesday one. Why you can't do a, a new one on the Wednesday one? What's the what's the Wednesday? What? What you mean? Guess What day it is? Guess what day it is? Update. It sounds so staticky when you, when you come home. Oh that's well yeah, I know what he means. Yeah man. We'll do another drop. Stop playing. We'll try to fix that Call away. Tell him come back up here. We'll try to fix, I know what you mean. We'll try to fix that one brother. Oh but are y'all doing the pho this year? That's a good question. The what the hon. Every year we usually do the the hon when we raise money. No, I think we doing what we did last year. I think Amazon just giving us a bunch of money and we giving stuff away.


We giving away. Yeah. I'm trying to figure out how my mentor group can get in involved And we one of the beneficiaries, Well when we, if we announce it, you gotta fill out all the applications and all that good stuff. That's Alright. And. I just want to apologize to my meds bro. You know I wasn't try to sleep with your wife but like it's the topic yesterday bro. Ain't nobody snitch on it because nobody handle it. You slept with your man's wife? No it wasn't my man. My man that called on Friday dog. That called on Friday. I mean on Monday. Man, what is you talking about? Yeah, I, I don't know. Brother dog Got called on Monday and he said that he had to divorce his wife. She was sleeping around. Yes. I wanna apologize Bro. That's not you.


Get outta here. Get it off your chest. 805 8 5 Maybe. Maybe he Didn say you feel sorry for dude. No, he was saying he was. It was him. I was sleeping with dude's wife. Get it off your chest. Call us up now. It's The. Breakfast. Club. Good morning The. Breakfast Club. This is your time to get it off your chest. Keep calling 8 5 8 5 1 0 5 1. We want hear from you on The. Breakfast. Club. Hello? Who's this? This Your brother outta sight. It's over. Andy outta sight. What's up brother? Get it off your chest. This A lot of brothers on social media be disrespected. Single mothers are talking crazy about them and I'm just sick of hearing it. I'm a product of a single mother.


My mother wasn't a ratchet type of sister and though some of them exist, they need to tell the real story You, know what I'm saying? And pick up the sister that do the right thing. So for sisters like Ju and the sisters that have children that are doing the right thing. I did what I always do. My video on YouTube is called Baby Mama Salute. I dedicate that to you Ju. And all the sisters that got children that's doing the right thing. It's called Baby Mama Salute. I came out of retirement to do this because Charlamagne said my boss was whacked back in the days. So I retired but I'm back now. Well thank you so much man. Appreciate you ain't even heard the song to be saying. Thank you. You don't even know what it sound like. I'm talking about what he said before. He talking about his, it might make the baby cry.


Turn the song on. I appreciate that. Shout out to single Mother. Thank you. I'm Sure the word outta sight. Hey Charlamagne Charlamagne. You always used to go with Norm. Me man. But I'm telling you I'm better now. Some bars spit some bars. Baby mama drama. Oh boy. Go ahead Fit, fit some bars. Give us a verse from it. Right now She a single baby mama. She ain't with the drama. She be getting it in order for her son and daughter. Keep the refrigerator full without a father. People try to put her down. That make her go harder. It ain't that. She don't want a man. She stick it to the plan. Get the money in her hand. Something you don't understand. Health wealth. Go get it yourself. Give it to your kids while they daddy do a bid, bid bid. I ain't talking about Spade. She already go to school and she getting good grades. Plus she got a job and she work hard.


Think the most high that she probably got a car, maybe not a business but to get her to the daycare in the hood. She ain't going to stay there. No drugs. She don't do clubs when she with her baby. Only time she do love. You can do lust. She don't do trust. Only thing she know to make a living is a must. If it ain't about that, nothing to discuss. Hit the gas on the boom, vroom nothing to discuss And it's like that. Period. Period. Shut up. That was dope man. Something to you outta psych. See I made them better yo. Oh, praises man. You know what I'm saying? And and you, you my new crush Justin, Thank you so much. I appreciate your justice Is taken. That's right. Go check our video while dope baby mama salute on YouTube. Al brother, baby mama.


Salute. Get it off your chest. 805 8 5 1 0 5 1. If you need to vent, you can hear this up now. We got just with the mess coming up. Kiki Palm opens up about her and her baby daddy. Okay. All right. We'll get into that next. So don't go anywhere as The. Breakfast, Club. Good morning The. Breakfast Club. Morning everybody. It's DJ Envy. Just hilarious. Charlemagne the guy. We are The Breakfast. Club. Let's get to Jess with the Mess. News is real weather. Jessica, Robin Moore just don't do no lying. Don't she don't nobody Worldwide. Worldwide Method on The. Breakfast Club. She's a cultureship. She was able to get y'all to see something and understand something that nobody could get you To see.


It's time to set it on. All right, so Kiki Palmer speaks on advice from Will Smith. Before we get to the stuff with our baby daddy, I wanted to shout out the fact that she was on the the Toast podcast. And during episode she reflected on when she considered emancipating from her parents. For those who don't know emancipation is it, it ends the legal authority that a parent has over a child who is under 18. And this is what she said. I'm on the set of true Jackson VP And I. Get a call from this like really, really obscure number. This is weird. I'm not answering this. I go to work, I come back. And I. See there's a voicemail left from this same number. And I. Okay, lemme play it. Hey Kiki, it's Will.


We're over here doing Karate Kid with Jayden. I just wanna let You know. I talked to Ken, he let me know everything you're going through And, I want you to know, sometimes it's hard being the first, but you'll get through. Just keep staying focused. Love on your family. And y'all gonna be good. Is your I gotta get back Smith Will Smith girl. Wait, that's so crazy. It was so insane that you didn't pick up. I did not pick up. I couldn't build it because the number was like a Hong Kong number. It was like, I was like, I ain't never seen no number like this before. Like who's this calling? I didn't know. Now Ken was Kiki's lawyer who also tried to convince her not to go through with the emancipation that she was 17 at the time. That was really dope that Will Smith had called her. But on the other hand, how You know my business.


Why is my lawyer discussing with you? That's true too. What I got going on. That's true. Like I I love Will, I love this You. know what I'm saying? But it's like who Gave the authority to talk about business? Right? Yeah. Damn Ken. What's up You. know what I mean? I don't know about y'all, but I can't wait for the emancipation of all my children. Go out there and get your own money. Please become financially independent and responsible for your own life. You Are lying. It's not gonna Happen lying and take care of daddy and mommy while you had stops. Not gonna happen Lying. You don't have lie. You don't have a fit. Your kids try to emancipate from you or what? No. You want that. That's what you would hope that they get to that level where they got their own money and they're responsible for their own life and take care of me and mommy too. Yeah, but that's when they get to the right age. Not a 17. Yeah, she Was 17 years old. Oh, that's for me. Not a 17 emancipation.


Not a age. It's an income. Well, Kiki Palmer at 17, we see how rich and famous No, 17 she was and how great she was. But, And, and, and your son want to be in tech. What if your son create some app and become a billionaire by 17 At 10 o'clock? Why would I come back to your little raggy house when I'm worth a couple billion dollars? Because I could Still beat your ass. He must. It ain't gonna be no raggedy house. Yeah. All right. Don't play with me. Kiki also sat down with Gale King in a separate interview. And while talking to Gail, she spoke on co-parenting with Darius, who's her baby daddy after their public breakup. I gotta be honest, I I would've never thought that I would be where I am now. And so I just, I'm very grateful that this has now been the outcome.


And You know we're able to coexist in this way and show up for our son and You know, just be in a different place. It's a real blessing. That's the best way that I can explain it. But how Did you get to this place? Because you realize you said, I don't want my son to dislike his father. I don't want the public to dislike his Father. Yeah. How did you Boundaries. Boundaries. I. Don't I had, I don't think I had enough of them. Think boundaries. And, I talk about that a lot in the book. People cannot respect boundaries you don't have. And sometimes it's hard to make boundaries with people that you love. Yep. Well that's good to hear that they are on better terms. 'cause we've seen that whole thing go wrong. And it all started with a usher show. But You know the, the difficult thing about that is people already have their mindset of how they feel about him already.


Yeah. Yeah. So it's hard to change that. 'cause they already look at him a certain way. Yep. And then Kiki had went to the internet, then Kiki mother jumped on the internet then it was, it just became a whole messy situation. Right. And All he wanted was to be emancipated from Kiki. He just wanted, he wanted to be financially independent. Oh yeah. Responsible for his own life and his children, his child's Life. And, and wanted to know why his baby mama hood ain't had she had on a leotard dancing Asha. That's all he wanted to know. So he wanted to know why. That's what he wanted to know. Why. All right. Lisa Ray speaks on relationship with ex-husband. So she sat down with Carlos King and during the, in, during the interview conversation, she opened up about how serious her ex-husband's infidelity was. Now her husband was a seventh. He was the seventh chief minister of Turks and Caicos.


And she eventually opened up about one of her friends who slept with him and how she had found out and, and handled it. You alleged too that Nicole Murphy had relations with your ex-husband. Were you two friends? I've been to her house. She was at my bachelorette party. How'd you find that out? I had checked the manifest of my plane to test all the people that have rolled on the plane and she didn't ride on it with me. So if you had a girlfriend that has her own island, I would think that you would call and say, Hey girl, I'm coming because I was getting everybody to come. So why you would accept an invitation from him? And you don't even know him. Unbeknownst to me, And I tried to call her first. She said, no, I haven't been to Tugs and Caicos at the time she was dating Michael when I found out.


Right. And I said, Hey, do You know anything about this? And You know we talked or whatever. And I said, well, You know. Lemme send you a tape. It was a tape of her and Michael. Well she was dropping Michael off at the private airport in her car. And she gets out and he gets out. And, I go, oh, I didn't know y'all knew each other. Damn. I'm surprised Lisa Ray didn't fight her. 'cause Lisa Ra I know You know how. Yeah. Lisa Ra, she got that energy into that. She, she, she'll punch her. She she'll smack her in the face. She she said she wanted to. Yeah. To Lisa Raye. I will say this though. I heard that story. And I thought to myself, that man Michael has excellent taste drop on the clue bombs from Michael. Okay. Lisa Ray. Nicole Murphy. That's top shelf right there. No, you No. You mean the Prime Minister has excellent taste.


Is his name Michael too? Yes. His name is Michael. Yep. Oh wow. What other, what Michael you talking about? She was, she said Michael Han, His husband's name is also Michael Ray. Oh no, I'm talking about the Prime Minister. Oh yeah, Yeah. Yep. That was Mike. Mike, yeah. Lisa Ray and Nicole Murphy. That's two of the best right there. Top shelf. You hear me Both. Aging like wine and Kanye. Oh my God. They both drop on a clue box of Lisa Ray and Nicole Murphy. Yeah, man. Yep. Killing these young girls out here. Ain't even close. That's right. At another point of the interview she spoke on how her role is Diamond in the Players Club affected her career Playing the role of Diamond. Did that affect you from booking other roles? 'cause people only saw you as that. Sure it did. I was the pretty girl. I was the sex symbol. And so we just want her to be pretty. But because I,


the holidays Are just around the corner and if you anything like me, that means you'll be hosting all your family and friends, whether it's making holiday cookies or getting your space ready for guests. The Home Depot has furniture, decor, and kitchen essentials at 40% off like the KitchenAid Artisan Sirius stand mixer. Not only does it look sharp on your kitchen counter, but it also got 10 speeds. A tilt back head for easy ingredient mixing and a five quart bowl that can whip up. Ready for this nine dozen cookies in one go. Enough for your entire family, friends, neighbors. Oh, and the big guy too. The KitchenAid Artisan Series stand mixer comes with Dough hooks, a wire whip, and a flat beater. So it can do a lot of really cool things. The holidays are happening at Home Depot, which means right now you can save up to 40% off select furniture, decor, and kitchen essentials. So go to Home depot.com to shop now.


Amazon's Black Friday week starts November 21st with new deals added every day. Save on home goods to deck their hauls toys to stuff their stocking and fashion like slippers to missile their toes. Shop great deals on Amazon.


The following ad is sponsored by Pet's Best Insurance Services. Your pet is your bestie, your therapist, your preferred match. It's easy to love them even when they sneak your snacks. It's easy to protect them too with pet insurance coverage from Pet's Best because it's all fun and games until they chew on something they shouldn't. With perfect timing. Pet's Best helps protect your furry friend and your budget from this imperfect world. Get up to 90% on eligible vet bills for less than a dollar a day. Find your perfect match@petsbest.com. Pet insurance products offered and administered by Pets Best Insurance Services LLC or underwritten by American Pet Insurance Company, or Independence American Insurance Company. For all terms, visit pets best.com back slash policy.


Black Friday is coming. And for the adults in your life who love the coolest toys, well there's something for them this year too. bian is the premier craft cocktail maker that automatically makes more than 60 seasonal and classic cocktails each and under 30 seconds at the push of a button. And right now, Barian is having a huge site-wide sale. You can get $100 off any cocktail maker or cocktail maker bundle when you spend $400 or more. So if the cocktail lover in your life has been good this year, or the right kind of bad, get them artesian at the push of a button. Make bar quality cosmopolitans martinis, Manhattans and more. All in just 30 seconds, all for a hundred off. Amazing toys aren't just for kids. Get a hundred off a cocktail maker when you spend 400 through Cyber Monday. Visit artesian.com/cocktail. That's B-A-R-T-E-S-I-A n.com/cocktail.


What does it feel like to get the new iPhone 16 Pro with at t? Next up, anytime. It's like when you first pick up those tongs and you're now the one running the grill, it's indescribable like something you've never felt before. All the mouthwatering anticipation of new possibilities, whether it's making a perfect cheeseburger or treating your family to a grilled baked potato, which You know will forever change the way you look at potatoes with at t. Next up, anytime you can feel this way again and again. Learn how to get the new iPhone 16 Pro with Apple Intelligence on at and t and the latest iPhone everywhere with at t's. Next up, anytime at and t connecting changes everything. Apple Intelligence coming fall 2024 with Siri and device language to set us English. Some features and languages will be coming over the next year. $0 offer may be not available on future iPhones. Next up, anytime Feature may be discontinued at any time, subject to change additional fees, terms and restrictions apply. See att.com/iphone four. Details


Always had a lot of Personality even off screen people would go, but You know what, she's so cool and it's something else to her, but they could not deny that everyone knew me from that role that way and that look. So they wanted to still help and continue me in that way, but not in ways that I felt like I could stretch. So that I, that's actually my favorite movie from her though. Play Club. That's What I mean. I ain't even mean I, I shouldn't even have been watching that at the age that I was watching it. But that was like one of my favorite movies. Players Club and Belly And I Always love Lisa Ray after saying that. And that's what I'm Saying, when you play such an iconic role, right? Like everybody remember Diamond from Playing's Club, like even though that's Lisa Ray, don't get me wrong, but when you see it, you see Lisa Ray, but then you will think, oh that's Diamond too.


Yep. I like Diamond And I like that sneaky ass cousin. I'm still wildling that. What age was that? Like 10 was younger. I was like, yeah, like 11 or two. He was watching Belly. Yes Nigga. Straight up NBB. Acting like he wasn't 10 11 watching wild stuff and listening to Wild stuff. 10 Years old watching a movie. Yes. Who knows? Balling Wild Pork Porkies. Revenge of the Nerds. What you mean? Yeah. I was watching Revenge of the Nerds and My mom machine know she didn't know I was watching it. That's when they was, they were record stuff on the VCR tapes. Yep. Yep. Yeah. Watch The, I would pop that right in. Me and London are stay up all night watching players' club and belly on repeat period. Wow. Alright. That's just for the mess. All right, thank you Jess. Now when we come back, we got front page news and then rapper ID k will be joining us.


So don't go anywhere as The Breakfast, Club. Good morning. Morning everybody. It's the djj. nv. Just hilarious. Charlemagne the guy. We are The. Breakfast. Club. Let's get in some front page news. What's up, Morgan? Good. Good morning. All right. So yeah, in the last segment really quickly, I tried to toss to Mitch McConnell audio and mistakenly mention Chuck Schumer. Not sure why I did that, but I meant to say Mitch McConnell. So You know I own my mistakes. We were also, were talking about potential FBI director picks and the person I was thinking about was Steven Segal. He hasn't been selected or anything like that. I just think that You know, maybe he would make, I don't know. He, he seems to fit the mold. Anyways, moving on. Moscow says Ukraine is beginning to fire US, made missiles into Russia. Pentagon spokesperson, Sabrina Singh was asked about the report where President Biden gave Ukraine the okay to use US weapons against Russia.


And she also criticized Russia. Its recent changes to its nuclear doctrine. Let's hear more from Pentagon spokesperson. Sabrina Singh. I don't have anything to announce or to confirm at this time. If we have more to share publicly, we will do so. It's the same irresponsible rhetoric that we've seen before and that we've seen, frankly, for the past two years. So Moscow said it shot down five US made missiles on Tuesday. It's the first time Ukraine has launched a strike on Russia since the US reported its change in policy. Now this comes as Russian president Vladimir Putin updated his country's nuclear doctrine. The Kremlin will now consider any aggression from non-nuclear, a non-nuclear state that has help from a nuclear country as a joint attack.


Let Me ask you a question. I also seen that they're given some other devices, I guess, where it doesn't destroy trucks and tanks, but it destroys people as they walk on the detonators. And I was just curious because they said the US had to sign off on, on using them. Why are they so public with the things that have to be signed off on? Because it's gonna tell Russia what they're using next on them, right? Am I wrong? I mean, yeah, you're right. I mean, the fact that you're saying, hey, these are, these are the next devices that we're essentially approving use for. Yes, it does give people essentially a heads up as to what's happening. I mean, I wanna say, and, And that that's, that's why they're able to shoot down some of the missiles clearly. Like that's what they, that's what Russia said yesterday. They shot down some of the missiles. The US missiles came, They came from Ukraine.


I I, this is what I don't understand. Russia issued a nuclear threat. Why is that such a casual conversation? Why is that? That's scary. Why is that not front page news everywhere? If a country issues a nuclear threat, You know. And that's not even the first time Putin has done that. How come it's not more of a discussion? Have we become that numb to everything that we can just hear that and just brush by it and move on? Nah, we just waiting for Charlamagne to talk about it. Because once Charlamagne talk about it, then You know it becomes a No. That is not, that's not, that's not true. No, I'm scared. I ain't waiting for Charlemagne to be scared. I'm scared when they start talking nuke. There ain't nothing we can do about it. You can't hide from nuke. Well, is that what it is? Is that, is that people You know is God, God, grant me the serenity. Yes. Accept the things I cannot change. Courage to change the things I can and the wisdom to know the difference. So being that we know there's nothing we can do about it, we just choose not to talk about it.


Yes. That's, that's, that's stupid. Stupid as hell. Stupid As hell. Horrible. Very dumb. That's just, All right. So moving on. Moving on. Accusations that FEMA aid was politicized during the hurricane season is the focus of a house hearing. The House Oversight committee is listening, listening to testimony from FEMA administrator Deanne Criswell as after a FEMA official claimed relief workers were told to avoid homes with Trump signs such Hear more from FEMA administrator Deanne Criswell. I was very concerned when I learned a FEMA employee had given instructions to a disaster survivor assistance team that were completely at odds with FEMA's mission.


This employee wrote to about 11 staff members under her supervision that they should quote, avoid Holmes advertising Trump end quote. So that worker said she's been being, she's being made a scapegoat and was just following protocol. The aid was related, of course, to Hurricane Helene. So there is some truth to what you guys were saying when that whole situation was going down as to the fact that You know some people aren't receiving the aid that they Need. That's insanity, by the way. The Yeah. To keep, to keep aid away from a person just because that's stupid as hell of You know who they choose to support politically. That's ridiculous. And, I And I mean, like, like it, it don't matter if that person supported Trump or that person supported Kamala Harris. At the end of the day, if they needed aid after the hurricane, they should have got that age.


Yes, they're human. Yo humanity should come before any political party, Period. Period. So LA is now a so-called Sanctuary City during Tuesday's vote. LA City. Councilman Kern Price said it was not a difficult decision. And he argued protecting illegal immigrants in the incoming Trump administration pays tribute to the city's very name. Let's hear more from LA City. Councilman Kern Price. Given The reelection of Donald Trump and the consistent hate speech towards undocumented people and mixed status families, I can't think of a more pressing issue than this one Today. The city of angels must live up to his name. We must be angels to our undocumented neighbors guaranteeing that they can live with stability and without the constant threat of deportation.


So this formally establishes a policy preventing the city from helping federal immigration officials with roundups or other actions aimed at illegal immigrants. It comes as, of course, the incoming and Trump administration promises widespread roundups. The ordinance prevents la from directly or indirectly sharing data, money, or workers with federal immigration officials. Now the bill goes to Mayor Karen Bass for her expected signature. The Republican Party says the ordinance is not needed. They insist President-elect Trump will only go after dangerous illegal immigrants. Now, New York is also making, putting its hat in the ring in regards to this Mayor Eric Adams says, families with children and kindergarten through sixth grade can now stay in their original shelter past the 60 day notice, making it easier for kids to keep attending the same schools and saving hundreds of thousands that would be spent on housing them.


Now the city also is, has established a centralized mail center to further ensure that migrants have access to critical legal information like updates on their asylum status or work authorization papers. Mayor Adams says that city is has helped 42% of migrant families leave shelter systems in the last year. And also You know move on to create better lives for themselves. So we co we will continue to keep you posted on what's happening with the whole migrant immigration and mass deportation situation as the forthcoming Trump administration comes in. And lastly, speaking of New York and Trump, New York prosecutors are recommending pausing. President-elect Trump's hush money case until he's out of office.


Manhattan da Alvin Bragg's office has proposed that the proceedings, including the November 26th sentencing be postponed until Trump's term is over in 2029 due to constitutional issues, prosecutors told Judge Juan Merchant that the sentencing of President Elect is unprecedented, noting the demands and obligations of a presidency. Merchant has the final say. Now Trump's team calls this a victory, but the DA's office says they will fight his efforts to get his conviction tossed. Now, Trump was found guilty earlier this year of falsifying records to hide payments to adult film star Stormy Daniels. So, yeah. Hey, Hey, New York City. Just throw the whole thing away.


I I don't understand why they playing with that man. Cut it off. Just stop it. We gonna wait for who Fooling. Who we fooling. Yeah. Leave alone. Nothing's gonna happen to Trump. And, and, and nobody You know wants to nobody, nobody wants that, that retribution that he may the deliver hanging over their head. Just, just, he, he won the election. It is what it is. Cut ties 70 losses. Throw the, throw the whole case away. It, come on. I don't know why they planned Why we, why who we fooling y'all? Nope. Who we fooling? Like seriously. And if you push it back for you, is that might give him more reason to stay. Okay. Well, for four years he gonna be on your ass for four years. Like, why you, why play with him? Like, But it also might give him more reason to stay's true. He is the same person who told his, his, his his voting base. Just vote one more time. You'll never have to vote again.


All right. Wink wink. Okay, come on. Yeah, y'all better listen. Uncle Charla, that's your front page news. I'm Morgan Wood. Follow me on social at Morgan Media. M-O-R-G-Y-N-M-E-D-I-A. And for more news coverage follow at Black Information Network. Download the free iHeartRadio App and visit BIN news.com. Thank y'all. Happy hump. Hey, thank you. Morning all Morgan. I said morning. Thank you Morgan. Now when we come back, rap IDKB joining us. He's from the DMV area. Dope, dope, dope, dope, dope kid. And we gonna talk to him next. Don't move us. The. Breakfast. Club. Good morning The. Breakfast. Club. Morning everybody. It's DJ Envy. Jess. Hilarious. Charlamagne the guy.


We are The Breakfast. Club. We got long LaRosa filling in for Jess and also our nephew. I was gonna say our nephew out and niece. Wow. Our niece, our niece Nala with us today. Wow. Shut up. You always gotta fight. Dominicans, shut up. Why? Why? You always gotta fight with the Dominican. That's Niece Nala. See, I'm sorry. I love you. Wow. And we got a special guest in the building. We got IDK. Welcome brother. Hey, what's up? What's up? How you feeling man? I'm feeling good man. It's good to be here. Well, happy to have you brother. That's right. You're hearing your name for a long, long, long time. Yeah. How was the, the show with G Easy? How's the tour going So far so good man G been real cool and And I and he actually brought me on my first run ever in my life.


Like in like 2015 or something like that. So it's like full circle, You know. Lovely. Yeah. So for people that don't know who IDK is, where you from, this is the first time some people are, are hearing you give 'em a breakdown of where you are from, what your name stands for and all that. Oh Yeah. So it's IDK from the DMV, PG County Maryland. Specifically born in London. But I came to America when I was like two years old. So I grew up in A DMV, PG county. IDK stands for Ignorantly Delivering Knowledge. I've Always liked that acronym. Absolutely. Because I totally understand what you mean when you say that because I always say you gotta be the perfect balance of ratchetness and righteousness. So ignorantly delivering knowledge is like saying I gotta put the medicine in the candy.


Right, right. Kinda like that. Yeah, it was, I was actually in prison when I came up with that acronym. And so I was in, in the state prison when I was younger. And I came up with the acronym ignorantly delivering Knowledge because I wanted people to be like, what does IK stand for? Does that mean, I don't know, And I always feel like if I prompt somebody to ask a question, And I answer it, you're more likely to remember it than me just telling you. Hmm. I was gonna say you went to, you mentioned prison. Yeah. You kind of a name there. You went to prison the same year that you went to college? Yeah, yeah, yeah. One, one of the times I went one of because it was four, right? Four. Yeah. Yeah, Yeah, yeah. So let's talk about the, the high school first. First time. And then I wanna know how the whole I'm in, I'm going to college, but then I end up in prison.


Like what's that story? How does that track Man? First of all, I, I come from like a, a West African background. So my mom from Sierra Leone, my dad's from Ghana. I'm literally the first person in my family to get locked up. But that's not a good thing. Yeah. First generation prison, but also first person Prison is not a good thing. Fair. But You know I turned it around so at the same time You know. That's true. That kind of was like something like You know. When I was 17 I got jammed up, had some charges, You know stuff to do with You know You know robberies and guns, things like that. And then pretty much I went to prison of jail. But the thing was I was on, I got sentenced to 15 years suspended to three and they allowed me to do it on home detention.


But getting in trouble and violations and technical things. What you meant made me, yeah. That's how I got Back. When did you start rapping? What, what made you say You? know what I, I wanna leave the streets alone and, and focus on this rap Career. I mean, the first time I got locked up I realized it wasn't for me. Like right away. Like I was like, nah, I can't do this. But you went back three more times. Yeah, but it was like violation, technical stuff. Gotcha. It was like, I'm not judging you. No, no I'm not. Several Times myself. I'm not judging. You don't think I'm judging you. Okay. It was technical though. It wasn't like I kept doing things. It was just violations and stuff like that. But basically the last time I was in, before I went in, I was listening to like Kendrick Lamar and like j Cole and You know where I'm from. People don't really listen to that.


But I had a friend that went to like FMU and he, he would come back with like more, I would say eclectic rap. And I was like, oh man, people rap like this. That's, that's interesting. So I remember being in prison, I was a tutor so I helped people get their GEDs. And I also was a barber And I. Just remember I would just write music and everybody would listen like see me like bobbing my head writing and they'd be like, yo spit rap. Like, like I ain't know you rap. Like, and so one day I just did it. And I was like, man, if I could make people that's pissed off in prison, like music maybe. Maybe it'll work for me when I get out. For The first time that you went to jail, what would you attribute the why to? Would you say it was like the internet?


Would you say it was just your environment? Would you say it was the want for love? Like my, my parents loved me, but I didn't know how to comprehend the way they gave me love. Right. So I never got great, great grades. I grew up middle class, but I was surrounded by the hood. And I went to school in the hood. So I identified more with the people that also didn't get good grades. That comes with a lot of stuff 'cause they coming from different backgrounds and they doing different things. So I felt like whenever I would do something bad, they would show me respect and that was the love that I wanted. I'm glad you got that explanation quick because saying you wanna go to jail for love is crazy. No, I know, right? Its crazy. I'm that like, you understand though, like this nuance to that though.


You know what I mean? So You know when you started rapping, what did your family say at first? Right? Were they behind you the whole way? They was like, oh here you go. Your parents absolutely You know what though it wasn't as bad as you would think it was in jail. So they were like, how much worse could this be? Like they couldn't get no worse than what I already did. So my mom was just happy I was doing something positive. Got you. You know. But she, she passed away. I she never condolences. Yeah. Sorry. Yeah. She never got to listen. Well, she got to listen to my music. She heard it once and she was like, but she would brag about it. But she would never listen to like, to like my mom till she passed. Never heard me curse. Like I never said a curse word around her. But in my music she, she was music.


What did the sound sound like at the time? 'cause you really dibble and dabble in all different genres. Yeah, all different sounds. So what did she hear? A lot of cursing, a lot of bad words. Like a lot of rap. I was just You know. Just eclectic rap. Yeah, for sure. Because like, again, the whole ignorantly delivering knowledge thing, depending on how you first hear me, you'll think I'm one thing and it might not be that. And you're growing in real time, right? Yeah. Because it's like, it's your fifth studio Album. Yeah. This would be my fifth one. Yeah. What's the, What's the evolution of IDK been from that first project to now? It's like just this, this idea of like finding like what I actually want to express sonically. So I feel like I've always been dibbling and dabbling in different types of music, but this now is more like I'm creating a sound, like a feeling You know.


It's like taking like a certain melodic like element and then trying to put like different drums around it. Maybe to switch the genre up, but the feeling is consistent. That's probably the biggest thing that I've, I've grown into now on. Is he real album? Yeah. I'm looking at some of the features on it that people don't know. You had DMX on that album? Yeah. Well that was actually, it's so funny 'cause I'm, I have something with him that we're getting ready to put together. But on that album specifically, it was something that I sampled a prayer he did. Right. But I had to chase him down like at South by Southwest and pull up on him to get it clear. Like, yo, yo, I'm IK like da da da. So I had to find him You know. How Was that conversation?


You know Who he was. That was, huh? Did he know who he was? He didn't know who I was at that time. Okay. Are You on the prayer album that they got Dropping? No, I'm not on that album. Okay, go. Go. I did a feature for him after though. So he got to know who I was after that. I did a feature for him prior to him passing. Did you have A relationship at all? Like small, like just kind of through like You know people that we knew and things like that. But yeah. What Was the conversation like when you ran up on him and was like, Hey, I'm trying to get this Cleared. He was like, it's done. Literally Just like that. Like, and you go bullshit. He was like, all right, who I gotta go to? It's done. Yeah. Basically. Pretty much. And he got it done. I, we Got more with Idy K when we come back. Don't move. It's The. Breakfast, Club. Good morning Tony. Everybody. It's CJ nv.


Just hilarious. Charlemagne the guy. We are The Breakfast. Club Nyla is joining us on this interview. So is Lauren. And we're still kicking in with IDK Charlemagne. Yeah. What, what does in, I know that I knew I was called bravado and Ino. What does Ino mean? It's like Italian word for intimate. Okay. Okay. So bravado is like, kind of like braggadocious, You know talking about stuff. But the ino part is where it comes from. A lot of like why I care. Like I like You know wearing certain things, And I, like You know style, things like that. And it comes from like being made fun of when I was like in a sixth grade, but not having certain things And I. Just remember being like a kid going to school depressed. 'cause I know they're gonna make fun of me. So I remember ninth grade, that's before I started getting into trouble and You know and, and getting money.


I, I literally said to myself, I will never be made fun of for dressing bad ever again for the rest of my life. And that explains the bravado side. 'cause the bravado side is you just see it, you just see the floss and all that. But the intimate side is where it comes from. And then you get money and realize you don't even care about clothes like that. Right. That also starts to happen too. Yeah. You know what I mean? Like, it's like you like stuff, but like people put me in a fashion world because I do a lot of stuff in that world, but it's not by choice. Like I just know people, they like what I do and You know and then they just ask me to do things. But I don't try to do that. If you get fly You could just do it. Yeah, Exactly. Now another feature you had Kanye West on the song Selena Na Trappy.


Well Nah, We in the House. Well that was another sample situation where pretty much we got That was a crazy one 'cause it was a Jay-Z song initially. So it was, everybody had to kind of, what was That process like? 'cause Kanye is kind of hard to, it wasn't as fast as the DMX Approval, was it? Well, well maybe, yeah, it took a little while actually. But I'll be real, like Ye has reached out to me and I've, I've hung out with him multiple times. Like, so You know it's not that, that one is a little different that I remember when I dropped. Is he real? I was with 88 Keys and 88 comes up to me and passes me the phone from my unknown number.


And I answer. And it's like, yo, it is yay. And I'm like, oh snap. And he was just like, I, I've been hearing about your album. It wasn't out at the time. He's like, man, at some point today I'd love to connect with you and next thing You know, I was in Calabasas just hanging out at the crib. You know. So yeah, he had has Shown Love and, and I've actually like linked up with him a couple times. I wanna talk about the No Label Academy. Yeah. That you did at at Harvard. Yeah. So Charlemagne, I love this too because you did two lectures on mental health. Yeah. Yeah. Why? Why did you feel like that was so important to Do? Well, so the class is a 10 day experience that people from all around The World students apply. And then we, we pick about 20 to 25 of them.


And I teach the class. And it goes from branding, which I call story and vision to financial literacy, to team building and mental health is the last day and we taught that at the, the medical school at Harvard. I think mental health is really important because I always say this like as human beings, we've evolved socially so many different times since like You know we, they say we about 300,000, 75 to 300,000 years old. Like what we are biologically, we've evolved, I think way too much socially to keep up with where we are biologically. So when you fame is something we created, that's not something we were built for or made for. So like a lot of times people deal with fame in a way that could be detrimental.


And, I think that people don't teach the aspect and the importance of mental health when they're actually pushing them to be famous. You know. So for this, for me, this class was supposed to prepare you from a business perspective for what you or the artist you're working with could be dealing with. Once they get in the game, And, I think a lot of the times labels will see like, oh this person's hot, they come from this neighborhood and all that. Yeah, that's cool and all that. And then they not ready for the corporate. Like they not understanding what that is. So now you're expecting somebody whose manager might be like just a homie to know how to move within a corporate setting and be successful and then sustain that su success.


I think that creates a lot of problems for a lot of different people. You know. How has your mental been You know? 'cause you talked about kids making fun of you back in the day. Yeah. And now being on social media is, is times a thousand is as far as the amount of comments, sometimes people just say negative stuff just to try to get a reaction. Yeah. So how you deal with social media now? I mean, look, I lost my mom. She died from You know HIV complications from that. And I didn't know that until after she passed when I found out. So I never had that closure of being able to talk to her about it. Right. So when you look at that kind of stuff and then you look at like what I've been through with prison and all this stuff, man, like I'm kind of primed for, it's like it doesn't really get much worse.


You've been through real shit. Yeah, yeah, yeah. So for me it's like second nature almost. Dealing with some of the stu, that's nothing to me when they like Covid, I'm like, I was actually on 23 lock, 23 hour lockdown at one point. Like this is nothing to me with a book You. know what I mean? For me, like I love a Good quarantine. Yeah. Right. Yeah. So to me it don't really get much worse. So You know. I just try to like figure out how to express that to people who haven't gone through those things. That's what my class is mainly for when it comes to that aspect. And that class at Harvard, that's the class that Virgil came to?


Yes. Virgil, before he passed, he, yes, he was supposed to speak for 30 minutes. He spoke for an hour, 30 minutes. Wow. I know. Yeah, that out to be, so you saw the, when they Blue Star Alliance acquired Offwhite of MH, You saw that? I saw that, yeah. Yeah, Yeah. And you saw people, I know you said you don't like being put in the fashion lane, but I just would love to get your opinion on that because people were upset about that because they felt like it was gonna devalue the brand and what Ette worked for. How you feel About that? Well, You know, whenever you, whenever Art meets Commerce, it's always gonna get watered down. I, if I sign to a record label, there's songs that are better singles than the song that I might believe because of the range of entry points people could have to that song. You make that decision once you decide to do art because bro, we could do whatever art we want and be homeless if we okay with that.


That's cool too. I say that to say with that particular situation one, I don't know the details to it. I don't know too much of it, but the idea that something could be watered down it, it depends on the details of the deal and what they got going on and who controls what. I think that that came from Virgil's brain at the end of the day. And Virgil is not here, so there's always gonna be some type of difference. Right. But yeah, when Art meets Commerce, that's what happens. You know it's a battle. I always look at everything as, don't look at it as an on and off switch. Look at it as a percentage. Knowing Him personally, do you think that Virgil will be happy with like just where Off White is right now and today? Because that's also been a conversation too. They've had like different leadership in and out and stuff like that.


You know there's people that are friends of Mines who could answer that question far better than I could because I don't have enough of, I didn't have that relationship with 'em where I would know Gotcha. What happiness is actually to him when it comes to that brand. I, we got more with DK when we come back. Don't go anywhere. Morning everybody. We are The Breakfast Club Nyla is joining us on this.


The holidays are just around the corner. And if you are anything like me, that means you'll be hosting all your family and friends. Whether it's making holiday cookies or getting your space ready for guests. The Home Depot has furniture, the decor and kitchen essentials at 40% off like the KitchenAid Artisan Sirius stand mixer. Not only does it look sharp on your kitchen counter, but it also got 10 speeds. A tilt back head for easy ingredient mixing and a five quart bowl that can whip up. Ready for this nine dozen cookies in one go. Enough for your entire family, friends, neighbors. Oh, and the big guy too. The KitchenAid Artisan series Stand mixer comes with Dough hooks, a wire whip, and a flat beater so it can do a lot of really cool things. The holidays are happening at Home Depot, which means right now you can save up to 40% off select furniture, decor, and kitchen essentials. So go to home depot.com to shop now.


Amazon's Black Friday week starts November 21st with new deals added every day. Save on home goods to deck their halls toys to stuff their socket and fashion like slippers to missile their toes. Woo. Shop Break Deals on Amazon.


The following ad is sponsored by Pet's Best Insurance Services. Your pet is your bestie, your therapist, your preferred match. It's easy to love them even when they sneak your snacks. It's easy to protect them too with pet insurance coverage from Pet's Best because it's all fun and games until they chew on something they shouldn't. With perfect timing. Pet's Best helps protect your furry friend and your budget from this imperfect world. Get up to 90% on eligible Vet bills for less than a dollar a day. Find your perfect match@petsbest.com. Pet insurance products offered and administered by pets. Best Insurance Services LLC are underwritten by American Pet Insurance Company or Independence American Insurance Company. For all terms, visit pets best.com/policy.


Black Friday is coming. And for the adults in your life who love the coolest toys, well there's something for them this year too. Artesian is the premier craft cocktail maker that automatically makes more than 60 seasonal and classic cocktails each and under 30 seconds at the push of a button. And right now Artesian is having a huge site-wide sale. You can get $100 off any cocktail maker or cocktail maker bundle when you spend $400 or more. So if the cocktail lover in your life has been good this year, or the right kind of bad, get them artesian at the push of a button. Make bar quality cosmopolitans martinis, Manhattans and more. All in just 30 seconds, all for a hundred off. Amazing toys aren't just for kids. Get a hundred off a cocktail maker when you spend 400 through Cyber Monday. Visit artesian.com/cocktail. That's B-A-R-T-E-S-I-A n.com/cocktail.


Oh hi, this is Chelsea Handler from the Dear Chelsea podcast. This episode is brought to you by O Pill, the first over the counter daily birth control pill available in the us. I love shedding light on what's important for women's healthcare. And one thing that makes healthcare easier is making birth control more convenient to access. Well, let me introduce O Pill. O Pill is a daily birth control pill that is FDA approved full prescription strength and estrogen free. Plus there's no prescription needed. Finally, the days of needing a prescription for birth control are over a sentence. I very much enjoy saying this is our moment to take control of our health and reproductive journeys because O Pill is birth control in your Control O Pill is available online and at most major retailers used. Code O-P-I-L-L-O-T-C-O-P-I-L-L-O TC for 25% off your first month of O pill@opill.com


This interview. So is Lauren and we're still kicking in with IDK. Of course he's from the DMV area. So salute to the DMV Now. How has the industry changed since you first came out and did your first mixtape? How, how have you seen how things changed? 'cause You know usually when artists first do the mix tape, it's their core. They only care about their core. But now it's something different. Now you're looking for a radio record, now you're looking for something that's gonna go on the charts. Now you're looking for those things. So how has things changed for you? I mean, look, when I first started, like streaming wasn't really a thing like that. Like it was still kind of iTunes and people reviewing the song or album or whatever. Things have changed a lot because people in the algorithm dictates a lot of the decisions you could potentially make, right? So now we in a place where we could like think a song sounds like a single, but that doesn't matter anymore.


Like You know. I can't rely on like DJs to break the record the same way as before. It's kind of like this is the record based off of the algorithm in streaming and the fans. So now we push it. I think in a lot of ways it's good in a lot of ways it's not good. Now coming up in the DMV area, where where those artists having open arms for you? Like, like a Wale or, or push out? I know you got records push For Yeah. Yeah. Wale, I got like two of Wale Wale brought me out like the first year I started popping. He brought me out to do his Wale and Friend show. I remember that he's one of the first to embrace me. That's dope push. I felt like follow me on a gram and we just kind of was Chop chopping it up. And I asked him for a record and he is like, I got you.


And he sent it through. I, I got definitely got embraced. I think that the thing is that like again, it's kind of segregated in the sounds. So certain people only listen to this sound and then certain people are more open to other sounds. I think as we start to progress that that'll change hopefully. But that's what I'd say. Yeah, absolutely. You said on this project, once you turn 40, you retire and you, you disappearing. Like is that really the end goal? I don't know if I'll disappear, but I think that by retire people think, I mean like stop rapping And I. Don't know if I mean that. I mean right now I'm constantly competing with myself to do better every time. Like to the point where like You know family may get neglected.


I don't You know. I talk to my family on like, like the holidays and stuff. I don't like my grandma wants to hear from me more and things like that. Oh my God. Yeah. Not every day. Nah, not every day. Nah. Like I'm not even in the mental space with how I view success. To be able to tap into that every day. Every day is what can I do to make sure that when I'm 40, my family I don't have kids or anything yet. And, and I'm not in a relationship. But one day you're not dating Billy? No. Yo, everybody thinks y'all are dating. What? Nobody Thinks I'm dating Billy. Okay. No people, I did see something one time about that, but I don't, that was like a while back. Okay. Nah, nah.


Y'all just cool. Yeah, she a homie. She's an amazing, amazing artist. But yeah, like when I get Oh what she, she she see It too. You already talked about this so you knew. People thought that I said that. Oh, I said people said it. Oh yeah, for sure. But that, But they, but I guess it's because they were trying to piece together like photos, And I. Guess the way y'all take photos, which Was crazy. I'm like, You know that's not my house. You know when was the guy and the girl. It's like, oh That ain't my house. I don't know what they was talking about. Thanks. Yeah. I think she posted stuff You know of me and things like that and I'm, I'm people just be Wanting relationships to, That's interesting too. Like, but no, like I'm, I'm just trying to make sure that when I am 40 And I decide to, it's like everything is structured and laid out for me in a way where I can actually do that comfortably.


So till then You know hustling. I mean Billy s is single though. I about say now I'm going down this rabbit. Is she, I will say time waits for no man when it comes to like, yes your career but also your family too family. So definitely call your grandma. No, for sure. No, I know it. I'm not saying I just sent the picture in the WhatsApp like right before we got, I'm not saying like so you would contact, It's Just you also working a lot too. Yeah. Yeah. Sounds like not talking to your grandma. I'm like dang, I didn't say I don't talk to my grandmother. I probably talk to her like a week ago or two weeks ago or something like that. Like I talk to her every so often. I have a big family too. So when I talk to my grandma now everybody, I gotta high so and so for. Yeah, it'd be like a three hour thing You know what I mean?


Like Yeah. So I understand. Yeah. Well we appreciate you for joining us today. The new album Bravado is out right now. Yeah. Thank you so much. Yeah, for Sure. How you gotta me down this rabbit hole of the photos and all that. Oh, She's setting you up with Billie ish right now. Is This like a press outlet? What is, what's going on? Like, oh, what am I reading? Yeah, hiphop Dx. But it's, if you just Google you and her, it's, it's a few outlets. Really? Yeah. See You thought I made that? He's like, nobody Know I'm I really so much Offensively because of the age thing. 'cause you had said like, yo, she was like 17. I was, you was, it was like 20. Right? Mean of course that had a lot to do with it You know what I'm saying? I mean, yo, I mean 'cause the way you responded was like what her, but I mean the thing of course, but then it's like y'all just really homies in real life.


Like is it really not that? Yeah. Like she You know. She she, she pressed me out about something the other day. We was being funny about it. What you do? I didn't do nothing. Why'd she press you? She thought something happened but it was like, like a song leaked or something like that. And she was like, who did that? But it was a funny press. It wasn't a real press. It ain't like the not full court. Half court You know. So you gonna retire at 40 Right. And this has nothing to do with Bill ish. Okay, you gonna retire at 40. At 40, then you're gonna start reconnecting more with your family. For sure. Then you're gonna have a, you wanna, you wanna have a family as well? Yeah. I would love to You know. How old are you Now? 32. 32. 32. So, so are you like taking, are you dating somebody? Are you in a relationship? I'm not in a relationship with dating. Ain't nobody right now. So what is that Coming? That's not an age.


It's a feeling thing. You find somebody happen right now. I'm just saying because you got an age for your retirement. You got age for when you plan on like doing more than just dropping the photos in the WhatsApp 10 Nana. Okay. So I'm just trying to see if there's like a timeline here that we Try. Definitely not a timeline on something like love and, and and connecting with the right per it could happen right now. IDK. Ask her the same question now. Okay. Yeah, same question right back at You. Which what? I asked you a couple questions. What's the Age? Oh, what's my age? I'm, I'm actively You know trying to figure it out right now. Okay, So you don't have nobody like just like you asked him, what age are you looking to find somebody? Settle down. I ain't got no Billie Eilish on my line. Whoa. Nah. See now I line, I mean I ain't got no name where it's nothing worth bringing up. I'm asking you because You know that's a name.


You Know. Oh man you could get me in trouble man. Man. Well I do. Before we wrap, I kind of wanna talk about Supernova with the artist. Okay. Okay. K. The artist is so fire. I'm glad that you guys collabed 'cause you guys both are like very Yeah, talented. Talk to me about just shooting Supernova. For me that was like a risky song 'cause I don't really go all the way. I don't know if that's r and b. I guess It is r and b. Yeah, it And. I was gonna say like do you see yourself leaning more into that now? I like, I like stuff like that man. I like stuff I could play with. Nice. I think you should lean into that. That Okay. Yeah. I'll take your advice. Well thank you brother for joining us this morning. For sure. Thank you. It's IK It's The. Breakfast Club. Good morning Lord have mercy. I'm so excited. Good morning everybody. We are The Breakfast. Club.


You tired? I'm tired. I went out last night salute to Lawrence. She was celebrating her birthday. Oh, Lauren Laso birthday. Yeah. So Was out last night with her I. Don't I know she had a flight to Tur but I don't think she's gonna make that flight. I'm just tired 'cause I'm old. That's all. No other reason. You said you went to sleep early and all that Well no. Yeah, I mean And, I. I worked out three days in a row. Flew to my guy Tony, my cousin Tony Perm You. know what I'm saying? So we, I had three workouts in a row and then, yeah, I didn't sleep. I didn't get to sleep the time I wanted to last night. Okay. Yeah. Had some company come over, Dr. Natasha, Sandy came over because You know Jess in here glowing period. So I want a glow too. She had to Fix your Face period. Yes she did. sl the drop on clue button. Dr. Natasha Sandy. She had to fix that.


Yeah, first of all, for real, all She did was ask me how you doing And? I was like, you ain't see That Was it? Yeah. Damn. Alright well let's get to just with the mess real Jessica. Robin Moore just don't do no lie. Don't She don't spend nobody worldwide. Jess worldwide on The. Breakfast Club. She's a cultureship. She Was able to get y'all to see something and understand something that nobody could get you To see. It's time to set it off. Okay. So Denzel Washington clarifies kiss scene. So he was previously revealed. He previously revealed that he kissed a male co-star in a gladiator movie.


But the scene was cut because the creative team was too chicken to keep it in I don't know why everything gay now. So it was like why would they be scared shortly after that? The Director. Would you be mad though if you did that scene and they didn't put it in a movie? Yeah, That's why I said Denzy kissed the nigga for nothing. What? That's Denzy. He'd be so mad I didn't give him a gay name. Now he dingy. Kiss one little man in the movie now you dingy One little man. But I'll be pissed the hell off. I do all that and then you ain't gonna Use it. I know, I know. But shortly after that the director of the film Ridley Scott, he claimed that what Denzel said was not true and someone else on the sideline also reinforced what Ridley said. It wasn't true 'cause they checked the tapes and there was no kiss to cut. But at the LA Premier of Gladiator, Denzel Washington addressed the kiss and maintains that it did happen.


But it was blown out of proportion. Okay. Gotta talk about the kiss. It's much a do about nothing. Right. It really is much a do about nothing. You know they're making more of it than it was. I kissed him on his hands that gave him a peck. And I killed him. I have to tell you, us skate boys wanna see Denzel kissing another man. Well I don't have the part yet. You gonna write it. Alright So I Gonna say it. Whoa. It's okay. So nobody saw this except for Denzel Denzel's the only person that can confirm but deny this story. Was it on set? That's what I'm starting to think. Yeah. On set Now you sure? The cameraman didn't yell in scene Zel. Something else was going on after this Stop playing. He put the trail. He is, he is 100% like okay.


He's okay with the kiss scene. Whether it was in or whether it was out. All right. But they said it was no cut that no kiss The cut. He said that he kissed the guy on the hand. He ain't say the lips. No, he Said, he said hand and then he said Lil Peck, little Peck. He said Lil Peck. What about that freaky ass reported though talking about us gay boy Wanna see the freak reporter? He said write me a script. Okay. He said you write it, you gonna write it. He said Yeah listen, he, he said he comfortable with himself. He can do stuff like that. Okay. It's all good. Restaurant shut down after Keith Lee video. So Keith Lee recently reviewed a restaurant called Fob Sushi in Seattle. And then the clip of the review, he holds a piece of the sushi up to the camera And the viewers had pointed out that a piece of it was moving.


What? And yes, a piece of it was moving and lied. Actually ate it. Like it, it looked like something that was, it looked like a worm honestly on the tip of the video. It they was the first of all was trying to say it was the way he was holding it with the chopsticks. But yeah, just, just listen. The video went viral causing the restaurant to make a statement. So basically they posted that they were grateful for the support of Keith Lee. And then they said the movement in the video was due to natural elasticity in the fish. It's not worms. 'cause everybody was saying, yo, it's worms. It's worms or whatever. Keef Lee then shared a video addressing the comments about the sushi moving and the restaurant's claims. We went to a place called Five Sushi in Seattle the other day. Somebody slowed the video down and it did appear that something moved.


I didn't see anything until somebody pointed out. I can't confirm or deny what it was, but I can confirm I am okay. I appreciate the people who actually did reach out and was worried about me. I'm all right. Only I'm making this video is because I just saw a video of somebody who went the day after us and how they hospitalized. And I've already said a thousand times, I don't believe in tearing out any business. But at the same time, people's health are on the line. Or if somebody saying they in the hospital and there's something moving and food. I absolutely think there's accountability that should be taken for the restaurant to post a statement indicate that me holding a sushi or me holding a chopstick a certain way is why the sushi moved. I personally don't agree with it because I've had sushi a thousand times. And I held sushi a thousand different ways and never once have I seen sushi behave in that way. Sushi behave in that way.


Sounds crazy. And they had to shut down two of their locations to investigate this situation. A worm? Yep. A worm allegedly. Yep. Y'all go watch the video. You can, you can clear, you Can see it. You know a lawsuit is coming, right? Absolutely. Yes. You know the restaurant is absolutely positively probably about to sue Keith. Especially if somebody got Sick. Yep. And they had to shut down. No, I'm not. No, no. I said the restaurant is going to sue Keith Lee. For what If they had to shut down and they're gonna say two Of their locations. Yeah. And they're gonna say he pro he made false claims or something like that. Well he didn't make, didn't make any claims though. He was eating the food and people seen it. He didn't say he He's gonna be the target though. He can't sue the people. And they already said we want to directly address a false statement about our sashimi.


See? Yeah. So they already You know You can, if you can't see that lawsuit coming, you Stevie Wonder. Oh no, not Stevie. Stevie can see. No because he can see a little Ray Charles. That's Right. You're right. Yeah. He can see it. Fred with one eye closed. Shut up. Shut up man. But Yeah, that is crazy. Ray J on Diddy allegations. So he appeared on News Nation with Chris CU Cuomo. Is this how you say his name? Chris Cuomo. Cuomo. Chris Cuomo. Yep. Okay. During the conversation, Ray J seems to be walking back all that energy that he had for Diddy before. Do you Still believe that we're gonna see a lot of bold face names get pulled into this because of their knowledge or their participation in what Diddy is accused of? You know. I think that there might have been times where people have partied with a certain team of people and it might have been a freak off at that party.


Right? But I can guarantee you most of the celebrities that's went to Diddy's parties never even heard of a freak off. But in this space now, when you look back, where, where were the freak offs? I've never seen a freak off. What? What does that really mean? I mean, is that really real? Was it really dope in the baby oil? I mean, what are You know what are what? What are we doing? It's too late. I don't care how scared you are. That's right. It's too late Bro. Fed your fed's coming. Ray Feds wanna talk to you, right? I don know what made you the Diddy expert or what made you wanna jump out there and be the Diddy expert. But boy you gonna get subpoenaed. We been doing all this talking. Now I don't even know where the freak off is. I never seen Nothing.


That should have been your stance from the beginning. Additional information. So speaking of Ray J, it looks like Ray J teamed up with Pastor Jamal Brown, who he was just beefing with last week for a movie called One Wish. So they, they supposed to be doing a movie called One Wish. So this is all of promo. It could be there's more Ray J. Ray J in. But that that's, that's a film and talks between him and pastor. Pastor, I'm gonna pray for you 'cause I don't know what you stepping into here. Ray j Shad behind the scenes content from the classic project Jackie Long also appears in the images 'cause it's just images of what may be forming right now. Gotcha. And, I'm assuming this is That a Holy Trinity Pastor Jamal Bryant, Jackie Long and Ray J? No, please shut up.


Shut up. I'm assuming this was done before they fell out about their interview, but they were still talking about it. So we just had to stay tuned to see what's going on. Alright, That's just with the mess. Thank you. Jess Shout man, we giving that down. Could you man, four after the hour. I need a a Baltimore man named Kevin Gross to come to, first of All, excuse me. Why? And then why is think I be Kevin? 'cause that's my father. I know, but this ain't your daddy. Oh, why? Okay. You might know him though. Your father might know him. His name is Kevin Gross. He needs to come to the front of the congregation. We'd like to have a word with him, please. Oh boy. All right. We'll get to that. Next's The. Breakfast Club. Good morning. Don't be out here acting like a donkey. Ke high bitch ke high. It's time for Donkey of the Day. I'm a big boy.


I could take it if he feel I deserve it. Ain't no big deal. I know Charlemagne and Guy gonna have some funny sleep. Say outta his mouth. If gotta say something you may not agree with doesn't mean. I'm mean who's getting that donkey? That donkey that Don Don Don Don Donkey Donkey of the day right there. The. Breakfast. Club bitches. You could call me the donkey of the day, but like I mean no harm donkey of today for Wednesday, November 20th, goes to a Baltimore man by the name of Kevin Gross. Kevin is 46 years old just like I am. But I clearly make better choices than Kevin You know how sometimes people say, oh, you think you better than me? The answer is yes. Yes I do, because I make better choices. Not judging you for anything you got going on, but you ask me a question. Oh, you think you better than me?


Yes, hell yes. Because I understand the strongest principle of growth lies in human choice. And. I make better choices than you. And if you are currently enjoying this thing called freedom, well you make better choices than Kevin as well because he's in jail currently facing charges for allegedly shooting a 28-year-old coworker on the side of I 95 this past Monday morning. Now, I know some of y'all right now are either at or on the way to jobs where you think you can't stand your coworker. You believe you hate this coworker with all your heart and you just might. Okay. Just be better than Kevin. Okay? And the way you continue to be better than Kevin is simply by making the choice not to shoot your coworker. Let's go to W-B-A-L-T-V for the report please.


Bond denied for 46-year-old Kevin Gross. He's facing charges for allegedly shooting a 28-year-old coworker on the side of I 95. Early Monday morning. According to charging documents, the victim called 9 1 1 when state police arrived, they found him walking along the shoulder of 95 with seven gunshot wounds to the arm and torso. Court documents show he told police he was on his way into work and got a flat tire. So he pulled over on the shoulder of 95 just north of the Howard County line. When he got out to inspect the tire, his coworker, Kevin Gross, pulled up behind him and got out wearing a mask, covering his mouth. Gross.


Told him he must have hit a pothole or something. But upon inspecting the tire, the victim could see the tire had been slashed. Gross then produced a firearm and began firing numerous shots, charging documents reveal the two. Were assistant managers at Planet Aid in Elkridge. Gross had recently been demoted and the victim told police gross thought he had something to do with that demotion. Kevin, you got the right last name because this was gross. What a diabolical plan. The victim was on his way to work and got a flat tire. He thought he hit a pothole, but his tires had been slashed. Ooh, I wonder who slashed him. And then when he got out there, inspect the tire, Kevin pulled up behind him with a mask and shot him several times. All because he thought his coworker got him demoted.


Both of them were assistant managers at Planet Aid. Now y'all know what Plan aid is, right? No. Yeah, they, they, they are the organizations that collect the clothing donations. They got the yellow bins all over the place. Oh, okay. Where you can put the clothes and shoes in? Yeah, yeah, yeah. They accept clothing donations in 1700 locations. Oh, nice. Okay. And the Elkridge Warehouse You know where Elkridge is, right? Yep. Yes. They collect 15.5 million pounds of used clothes and shoes annually. Well, clearly Kevin wasn't there for the cause. So I needed to know what are the perks of being an assistant manager at Planet Eight. So I asked Chad GPT, how much does an assistant manager at Planet eight make? I don't know if this is a hundred percent correct, but it says the average salary for a manager at Planet Aid might earn between 50,000 and 60,000 annually.


Now, I need y'all to always keep in mind that my education is limited to a high school degree from night school. Okay? Drop on a clue bump from Berkeley High School right in, in South Carolina. But if it's, one thing I understand is prison math. And by prison math, I mean when you have to calculate in your mind whether or not the choice you make is gonna be worth you going to prison. Okay, now let's do the prison math. All right? I'm making 50, 60 grand a year in Baltimore as a 46-year-old man, I don't know about y'all, but if I can afford to put some food on my table and have a roof over my head, I'm gonna be happy. Okay? Success is subjective. And if you are a free man, 46 years old, you can come and go as you please. You got a job you maintaining, that's a good life. If you don't think it's a good life, go to a prison right now and talk to these brothers doing 15, doing 20, doing 25, some of 'em doing forever.


And ask them what they trade lives with. The free man making 50 to 60 grand as an assistant manager at Planet Aid. Hell, even if he got demoted, okay? Even if he got demoted, the warehouse lead role at Planet Aid earns about 27 39 per hour according to chat GPT. That's almost 57 grand a year if you working 40 hours a week. All I'm saying is no matter how much I calculate this prison math, okay, I've done addition, subtraction, multiplication, division. I tried to figure this out multiple ways. And guess what? It just don't compute, okay? It just doesn't add up. The victim is in critical condition. He got seven times. He got shot seven times. Kevin Gross is charged with attempted first degree murder in Maryland.


That's life in prison, first and second degree assault. Kevin Gross is also charged with first degree assault is 25 years in Maryland. Second degree assault is 10 years in Maryland. And he got other related charges. Moral of the story is Kevin is spending the rest of his natural born life in prison. Therefore, the prison math ain't adding up. It's just not worth it. You have to calculate it in your head. You got demoted. You don't even know if this person you shot had anything to do with it. But even if they did, as soon as you started formulating this plan in your head, just think about it. I'm gonna cut his tires. I'm gonna shoot him a bunch of times. At some point your brain has to say, no, no, no, no, no. This prison math ain't ing.


This is not a situation that's worth having to eat jail food for the rest of your life or having an inmate treat your bunkie like a bowl of cereal. So please let Remy ma give Kevin Gross the biggest Heehaw Heehaw hee-haw. You stupid Mother. Are you dumb? You got demoted. Take the L. How do you get demoted from like a Salvation Army place? Thats what, on a goodwill place. And what could you do wrong? Yeah, I don't know. But he didn't even ask no questions. He just assumed it was this other, this other person and shot him seven times. Now he gonna spend the rest of his life in prison for that. Ah, don't add up.


We don't need to play a game, huh? And, and you also, I mean we can if you want to. What? You wanna play a game? He from Baltimore, please. Come on now. There's no white people in Baltimore. Yeah, It's white, Asian, Baltimore in Baltimore. Come on now. No Latinos in Baltimore. No, but something that petty like that. Like you got a point? Okay, come on. You got a Point. A clothing store then it's not even like a, in a like a regular clothing store. Plant date. Yeah. Like, nah, he black. Always do prison math though. Whenever you about to make a choice that you think gonna get you in some type of trouble, especially if it's involving any type of crime, just, just, just calculate it in your head. Is this worth the time? You going to get what?


Sad situation. That's Sad. All right, well thank you for that donkey today. Now when we come back, Teez and Figaro will be joining us. We gonna kick it with Tez. She gonna give us a recap. She's a host of the Straight Shot no Chaser podcast on the Black Effect iHeart Radio podcast network. That's Right. And we gonna talk to her next. Don't go anywhere as The Breakfast. Club. Good morning, The. Breakfast Club. Morning everybody. It's DJ nv Jess. Hilarious. Charlamagne, the guy. We are The. Breakfast. Club. Lauren LaRosa. Filling in for Jess. We got a special guest in the building. That's right, you gentlemen. She's back. Ms. Teslin Firo, welcome back. Hello. Hello, hello. Feeling Feeling. What's happen? Ts What's happening Char? Good morning. Good morning. Good morning Martin. How you feeling This morning?


I'm feeling good. I am. I'm really feeling good. It's good to be back, back with family. Chop it up with y'all. Drop some dimes. Name some names. Okay. Yeah. Here to get Rid of. Well, we dropping dimes on Ts. We dropping dimes on everybody from top to bottom. Well, let's start right on with the presidential Presidential election. Why did VP Harris lose? Oh man, I should have brought my whiteboard. That many. Yeah, that many reasons. There's that many, yeah. And and the reason why this is important, And I literally have my stuff in order because a lot of people envy said You know she lost because of this reason. She lost because of that. And it's really, in the Midwest, a tornado requires water, humidity, wind, You know multiple things. It's Not one reason. Yeah, it's not one reason. Yeah. And when I hear people saying You know, oh, if he just did better with the messaging, oh, if they did better with the media, I've really kind of put together a list of flowchart on how basically a colossal from top to bottom.


So You're doing an autopsy? Yeah, We're doing an autopsy. We're doing a full autopsy. So if we just really take it from the top, as we all said, Joe Biden should have never ran. We had to first You know, start there. Shouldn't have never ran. He said he was a one time, I was gonna be a one time president. We talked about it multiple times. He actually volunteered that lie to say, Hey, I'm only gonna run one term. I'm coming in just to stop Trump. Immediately. Then they should have started building a base immediately right out the gate. Trump was still campaigning this entire time. We talked about it. We talked about how it was constant rallies, constant organizing. You And I talked about it on the Van Jones Show. We're saying you guys really have to continue the organizing year round. And that's why I blame a lot of the people at the top who have the ear of the You know of the candidates and campaign consultants because they've been told this multiple, multiple times.


So we should have found a white man right then and there who was gonna be next in line to build a base. A white Man. A white Man, young white man. Absolutely young white man right then and there. And it's not Governor Newsom, by the way. A lot of people keep saying that Governor Newsome will get swamped gate. So from the door, you didn't think Kamala was gonna win you, you No. Right out the gate, no, no, no. Of Course she's a black woman or, yeah, Absolutely. So that, that's number three. So let's first get that. So they should established a bitch saying didn't do that. Governor Newsom, I just wanna put that out there. A lot of people like him.


The holidays are just around the corner. And if you anything like me, that means you'll be hosting all your family and friends, whether it's making holiday cookies or getting your space ready for guests. The Home Depot has furniture, decor, and kitchen essentials at 40% off like the KitchenAid Artisan Sirius stand mixer. Not only does it look sharp on your kitchen counter, but it also got 10 speeds. A tilt back head for easy ingredient mixing. And a five quart bowl that can whip up. Ready for this nine dozen cookies in one go. Enough for your entire family, friends, neighbors. Oh, and the big guy too. The KitchenAid Artisan Series stand mixer comes with dough hooks, a wire whip, and a flat beater. So it can do a lot of really cool things. The holidays are happening at Home Depot, which means right now you can save up to 40% off select furniture, decor, and kitchen essentials. So go to Home depot.com to shop now.


Amazon's holiday deals are here so you can celebrate the season early with low prices on decor, electronics, and beauty. Perfect for stocking stuffers. And my stock is looking good. Shop holiday deals early on Amazon.


Now


The following ad is sponsored by Pet's. Best Insurance Services. Your pet is your bestie, your therapist, your preferred match. It's easy to love them even when they sneak your snacks. It's easy to protect them too with pet insurance coverage from pet's Best because it's all fun and games until they chew on something they shouldn't. With perfect timing. Pet's Best helps protect your furry friend and your budget from this imperfect world. Get up to 90% on eligible vet bills for less than a dollar a day. Find your perfect match@petsbest.com. Pet insurance products offered and administered by Pets Best Insurance Services LLC or underwritten by American Pet Insurance Company, or Independence American Insurance Company. For all terms, visit pets best.com/policy.


Black Friday is coming. And for the adults in your life who love the coolest toys, well there's something for them this year too. Artesian is the premier craft cocktail maker that automatically makes more than 60 seasonal and classic cocktails each and under 30 seconds at the push of a button. And right now, Barian is having a huge site-wide sale. You can get $100 off any cocktail maker or cocktail maker bundle when you spend $400 or more. So if the cocktail lover in your life has been good this year, or the right kind of bad, get them barian at the push of a button. Make bar quality cosmopolitans martinis, Manhattans and more. All in just 30 seconds, all for a hundred off. Amazing toys aren't just for kids. Get a hundred off a cocktail maker when you spend 400 through Cyber Monday. Visit artesian.com/cocktail. That's B-A-R-T-E-S-I-A n.com/cocktail.


Oh hi. This is Chelsea Handler from the Dear Chelsea podcast. This episode is brought to you by O Pill, the first over the counter daily birth control pill available in the us. I love shedding light on what's important for women's healthcare. And one thing that makes healthcare easier is making birth control more convenient to access. Well, let me introduce O pill. O Pill is a daily birth control pill that is FDA approved full prescription strength and estrogen free. Plus there's no prescription needed. Finally, the days of needing a prescription for birth control are over a sentence. I very much enjoy saying this is our moment to take control of our health and reproductive journeys because O Pill is birth control in your Control O pill is available online and at most major retailers used code O-P-I-L-L-O-T-C-O-P-I-L-L-O-T-C for 25% off your first month of O pill@opill.com.


Great debater, he would've got swamped. You have to remember he literally passed the bill K through 12 to have shared bathrooms with gender. So imagine what conservatives would've deal with that all over the nation, the homelessness and all of that. So then yes, number three, America was not going to vote for a woman of color. Period. In no, in the history of black woman and white women allyship, alleged allyship. I have never known a white woman to give a job to a woman of color before they got it. That includes even McDonald's on fries. Just not gonna happen. Have you ever, if a white woman ever said You, know what? I think you're more qualified, you can go ahead and take it. They didn't give it to Hillary Clinton. They were not gonna give it to her. I know there was hope. I know you talked about You know, believe it us, but it was never about us believing in us.


It was about us knowing them. It's not about being qualified. This was when it came down to saying they didn't give it to Hillary Clinton. Why would they give it to Harris? So that was to me a era right out the gate. But we had no choice because Biden, yeah, I Think, I think Kamala as a black woman is the only read, well first of all, two things. The last two elections, the Democratic Party need to be thanking black women. Right? Because if it wasn't for Jim Clyburn telling Joe Biden, Hey, I'm not endorsing you unless you promise that you're gonna put a black woman on the Supreme Court, I'm not endorsing you. So that's what made him endorse Joe Biden. He went South Carolina and changes the complexion of his campaign. If it wasn't for Kamala Harris in 2020, I think a lot of us wouldn't have went out there and voted for President Biden. I didn't vote for President Biden, I voted for Vice President Kamala Harris.


I also think in 2024, when you look at the fact that Joe Biden's presidency was dead, like completely dead in the water and Kamala Harris came the top of the ticket, raised all of this money, ended up having the second most votes of any Democratic nominee ever with 74 million votes. I think that only happens because she's a black woman. Well, two things can be true at the same time. There can be some positives that came with that. But there also can be some negatives where we look at the data. We don't have to guess. We looked at where white women aligned. We looked at where the Latino community aligned. We looked at the bottom line data that shows Latino women, Latino men was That was a surprise. Yeah. Why was it a surprise? You don't think so? No, no. Absolutely. The Democrats, Latinos have always, they did that before, right? 50 50. They've always, when you look at, when You know, I organized for the Bernie Sanders campaign in Michigan.


I was the only black woman on the ground in 2015 that helped lift that state. Latino community has always been divided. When you look at Florida and you look at the Cuban community, they've always went conservative. When you look at the, the Bernie Sanders, the left side, the California, they always go left. They have always strateg, And, I. I ain't mad about it. They've always strategically been able to have leverage because they go 50 50. You remember when Joe Biden told black leaders when he won it right after he said Yeah. Yeah. Right after he said, I owe you black people. Remember when they had the meeting and they leaked the tapes in front of the, the Al Sharpton and all them and say, y'all need to go follow the Latino community. 'cause they're the ones that have the leverage. So I'm not mad at it, but we need to talk about it for what it is. There might be a black and brown coalition in New York. You know I've talked about that all the time. That changed too. But when you talk about the south, that changed too. Yeah.


They're they're moving over. Yeah. When you talk about the south, when you talk about the Midwest, and particularly when you talk about the West, there is no black brown coalition. And it's okay for people to vote. Their interests also got news for you. Black men are conservative doing my Joe Biden whisper. That's right. Black people are conservative. I don't know why people wanna keep You know making that not an issue. So when you're talking about black men and you're talking about other black, black people in the majority of the country in the south, majority are moderate. I know progressives wanna sell a different story, but black people for the most part are moderate and a lot of them lean conservative. We're gonna get into that when we get into the messaging. But let's just kind of go back a little bit. I, I agree that there was some positives to it. But when it came down to it, when we looked at race white women to me, just like they did in the midterm, just like they did when they were with Obama, then they went with Trump and then they went back to Democrats in the midterms and then they flipped back.


When you're talking about white supremacy and talking about positioning, like what they did with the women's suffrage movement, I just doesn't see them doing it for a black woman over them. They didn't do it with Hillary Clinton. The only person that ever beat Donald Donald Trump is Joe Biden. And I agree that it was Dead. But, but, but 55% of white women voted for Trump over Biden. Right. To align with white supremacy to align, because this is about white supremacy. This is about Would they rather have their household ahead of you as as a, as a black man or they vote with their husbands? That's exactly, yeah, yeah, yeah. And nothing's wrong. And people need to stop these pundits, get 'em in another. They went against their own interest. No, their interest is their household. Your interest is your interest. My interest is my interest. When I keep hearing people say that they went against their own interests. No, they actually aligned with their interests, which is white man, white woman, black man, black woman.


That's the order. That's how it is. Black people are a side check. Bottom line. We need to just accept that. I know we wanna say black girl magic. I know we wanna say, oh 'cause black this and that. Black women can't save this country. We need to stop selling that dream. Let's get in position and understand what we can do. Which is why I was talking about the local and state level and stop trying to sell this timeshare scam. 'cause to me it was a timeshare scam. I agree with you that there was really no other choice. 'cause Joe Biden was trash. We get that. He was trash. So once they said, okay, let's rally around Harris, now she's a Democrat nominee. Okay, so cool. We with that, black women raised $30 million out the gate. Black men raised 30 million outta the gate. So now we're having to deal with who dropped this bag? Who dropped this billion dollar bag. And that that's the issue where we get into how they spent the money. I didn't think she had a chance in hell.


But once you decided to move forward, okay, so what do we do with the money? Black voters, they lost black voters across the board. That one, 2% across the board makes a difference. When you're talking about Michigan makes a difference in North Carolina. So that's where we get into your concern when you talk about messaging, where the messaging was all wrong, All we got more with Tesla and Figueroa, when we come back, don't move. It's The. Breakfast, Club. Good morning. Morning everybody. We are The, Breakfast. Club. We're still kicking it with Teslas Figaro Lauren. So what you think about Trump's cabinet? Like his, his choices for his cabinet right now? 'cause I mean these are the people that we gonna have to be, Yeah, I don't think nothing. I think Republicans ran. Democrats ran this gonna be a dictator. Guess what? They want a dictator. We've been saying this forever. We've been talking about this this day of bipartisanship and let's just get it through Congress.


We said Charlemagne You know. I said it a million times. Like with the George Floyd act reducing college debt, do an executive order. Everybody said you can't do executive order. Gotta go through congress. Republicans gonna change it back. If you get in, they gonna change it back. Guess what? Republicans don't give damn about changing it back. They change back. Roe verse. What about change back a whole bunch of shit, Obamacare and everything else. Democrats refuse to work as a dictator. They want a dictator. Everybody's saying, oh man, he gonna be a dictator. Right? That's why they want it. Oh yes, he's going to take migrants out. Yes. That's what they wanted. People need to stop saying that. Online is driving me crazy. Oh, Latinos. Oh man. Oh man, y'all about to see. They want the immigrant people who are legal, who coming over this country, legal. They are literally telling you, yes, we, we do. We don't support illegal immigration.


So people that thinking, they saying something on social media, oh, y'all gonna see no, they want a dictator. We Democrats ran on democracy. They ran on dictator. Shall I'm gonna be a dictator day one. That's exactly what they want. A dictator. Somebody's gonna push the line. Somebody ain't gonna give damn about what Congress is talking about. Somebody to say, I don't. I don't care what the rules are. I'm gonna do what I wanna do. They want a gangster period. Yeah, I, I agree with that. I wouldn't say a dictator, but they want somebody that don't give a fuck. Well, He said he was gonna be a dictator on day one. He Said that on day one. But he, but I think what they, what people mean when they say they just want somebody that's gonna say You know what? As long as things are getting done for the people, I don't care how it gets done. Like John Stewart did a great monologue and he was just like, Democrats always follow the norms and Republicans don't follow the norms. They gonna find those loopholes to break the, the, Which is kinda like dictatorship though.


Nah, I don call it Tator. I call the dictatorship. He said he gonna do what he wanna do. That's damn what Y talking about. He ain't gonna play the Poli political game. He ain't gonna play the politic. So I mean, that's saying, I'm gonna do this. And if you don't do it, it's gonna be hell to pay. If you don't do it, You know. I'm gonna make sure you don't win. If you don't do it, I'm gonna call you out. We talked about this with Joe Manchin. They let, they set up. Now Joe Manchin seen this to a Republican. We've been talking about this. This has been going on for the last 15 years. This loss was not just what happened in the last 100 days. This has been, at least from my experience, 2007. I can name year over year over year on what? On what happened, on how we got here. Here. And then another thing I wanna bring up on this messaging. Abortion Democrats ran on reproductive rights and democracy fell right out the gate. You had states like Arizona and Nevada that had abortion on the ballot.


So Democrats mindset is, let's put abortion on the ballot and that's gonna bring You know people so people know Get out to vote. GOTV. That's how you get out the vote. Oh, they're gonna go to the polls now that abortion's on the ballot. Well, what you did meet Baldhead, you actually allowed Republican women who were pro-choice to actually vote for abortion and still vote for Trump. There's no rule that says if you support pro-choice that you won't vote for Trump. So Republican women in Nevada and and Arizona literally had the opportunity to bring abortion back and still vote for Trump. So Democrats shot themselves even in the foot if you were expecting women to go vote for reproductive rights because you gave them an out. So the messaging was wrong out the gate.


We talked about that. Not running on the economy, not running. But I still think though, envy, even if she would've ran on all those things, they still gonna vote for, they still would've rather voted for Joe Biden have dead weekend at Bernie's. You know I. don Don't think so. Dad. I don. They they didn't even win Scranton. They didn't even win Scranton. Joe would've at least won Scranton. He'd won Scranton. Yeah. He would've Won Scranton. Harris lost Scranton. I, I I don believe, I think would, I think Joe would've got like 65 million votes. Okay, so if, if what you're saying is true, what was all, 'cause I felt how you, how you feel now is how I felt in the beginning. And then when I saw the excitement and the money move and all of that, we got a chance. What was all of that then? Why was that Joe Wasn was gonna win. Joe just, I didn't, I didn't think was gonna win. But he shoulda held Joe got close when you got the donut saying, we not giving you no more money, Joe.


Well, You didn't have no choice. That's right. Yeah, that's right. So let's be clear. They did not have a choice. 'cause George Floyd said after the date, it was bad. Yeah. They said they, they didn't have no choice of two things to be true at the same time. They had to put Harriss in, no doubt about that. I'm not disagreeing with that. But I still don't think they would've voted her. They just wouldn't. They're just not going to give something that they didn't give first. Did she do the best that she could? Yes. Did she do everything they told her to do? Yes. Did she have 100 days to do it? Yes. This is not about ing on her. This is about setting up a woman to fail in a hundred days to do the damn near impossible. Right? I think Joe Biden should have took that l He's the one that said You know he was gonna run. He's the one that set up there the entire time. Let him take the L. So can she run again? Would you advise her to run again? No, I wouldn't. She should run again. You think it's wrapped up? Because it's, again, we gotta stop with I.


Don't know what this obsession we got with Federal. Let 'em have it. Let's talk about especially Republicans now saying give it to the state. If you really wanna make real change in your community. I know it's not as sexy. I know it's not as exciting, but it really is at the state level. It really is at the local level. If you believe in, you wanna fund the public schools, you can do it at a local level. You say You know what? I want charter schools. I wanna be able to educate our own. You can do that at the local level. Why are we so infatuated with this White House? I don't, I don't, I don't get it. Why not be an Atlanta council with 16 other people in Orlando with six other people Be able to say, I'm gonna write a check to the Black Business Investment Fund. You know to be able to say, Hey, here's some money to go start a business. You can pass reparations at the local level. So I I don't understand this obsession that we have with this federal thing.


And, I'm gonna be honest with you, Lauren. Black women, a lot of times we get caught up and it's wanting to be validated so damn bad. So when the excitement was there, when everybody's like, oh man, we can do this. We can do this black girl, man, we can do this. We can do this, we can do this. This validation of needing to be affirmed, needing to say, you are qualified enough, you are good enough. A lot of that played into it. A lot of that played into it. But let's not forget, 3000 black women did a petition and said, Joe Biden, keep your ass in. They ignored that and went with the money to Charlemagne's point, they didn't have a choice. I agree with you especially about the state thing. You know there's something else Trump said that man landed And I was, I'm still trying to figure out how did he land this? 'cause it's so hard to get people to focus on this, the abortion thing, right? He told them I wanted to be in the hands of the state.


So whenever you would have conversations with people about You know abortions on the ballot, they'd be like, no, Trump just wants it to be in the hands of the state. I've never seen a politician convince people on a national level it's gonna be local. And that's fine. And they buy into it. Well, Trump can get anybody to buy anything he say. I mean, he is a total easy man. Democrats have never been equipped to run against Trump. Let's just name it You know. Let's just name. They've never been equipped to run against him. He's too petty. He goes too low. He don't give a damn what y'all talking about. He's the entertainer first. He's the entertainer first. Yeah. And so they've never been equipped to go against this man. Never. But to your point, Charlamagne, for those that understand the state's rights, and when you go back to Reagan, the reason why black people are against that is because what it does is it disenfranchise us even more.


So if you're saying, okay, in Oklahoma, you can't get access to healthcare, but you can get access to healthcare in California, very liberal. These are folks that can't just pick up You know and go to California to get what they need. Don't have the money. So it affects poor people in a, in a very bad way, the state's rights. But conservatives, they like states, give it to the states, their mindset. If you don't like it, move somewhere else. But none of us have, not enough of us have the resources to just move You know to somewhere else. To just move where things You know may be favorable to you. So as black voters, we're always trying to carry the least of these and everybody else and think about everybody else. But for, but the reality is Charlemagne, people are only looking out what's in front of their doorstep. Remember when governors us DeSantis reduced the gas when they was talking about you can't do nothing about the gas, when gas was so high.


He said, oh no, I can do something about, it's why I talk about state. So when people remember that even though there's more liberal, more Democrat voters in Florida, people remember what affected their pocket. That's right. And that Republican governor made a difference. Kemp in Georgia made a difference, was passing out Kemp cards. He did the same thing Trump did when he signed his name. He gave them Kemp cards. People remember that. So even if they don't like Republicans, even if they don't like Trump, when you look at how that affects your money daily, it makes a difference. And that's where they lost as far as really trying to understand You know the economic conversation, especially with black people. That's right. Thank you man. Guys, we appreciate you for joining us. Thank you for letting me go through my list. That's all Good. Tell Figueroa it's The. Breakfast. Club. Good morning The. Breakfast Club. I want to tell somebody something.


Tell 'em. Monks Corner, South Carolina this Saturday, Berkeley High School student parking lot. My 11th annual Turkey giveaway is happening from November from 9:00 AM to 11:00 AM in Monks corner, South Carolina. This Saturday, 9:00 AM to 11:00 AM Yes. Berkeley High School student parking lot. My 11th annual Turkey giveaway. So I'll see y'all this Saturday. I've Been working with you, what, 16, 15, 16 years. I've never been to Mos Corner. That's your fault. You should, you should take us. I ain't never been to Queens. Yes you have. Yes you have I. Don't think I've been to Queens. You've been to Queens? I don't think so, Man. If you, if your flight lands in LaGuardia, JFK, that's Queens That don't count. Nah, you need like in the hood on The streets. First of all, I wouldn't be in Hood. I have no reason to be there. Okay. I don't know why we would wanna go to everybody's hoods.


Okay. That's Why I wouldn't wanna go TOMS corner. Why you wanna go down there? Mos Corner is the next rural area. Oh, it was rural? Yes, rural. Oh, okay. Rural. Is that where You brought Remy Moore that time for A show? No, I had Remy in Summerton, South Carolina. But that's also a rural area. It sounds very rural. Yes. Rural. Yeah. Can't say that. Let's get to Jess with the mess. Jessica Moore. Jess don't do no lie. Don't She don't spend nobody Worldwide, just worldwide mess on The. Breakfast Club. She's a cultureship. She was able to get y'all to see something and understand something that nobody could get you To see.


It's time to set it off. Quincy and Christian Combs take legal action. So TMZ reported that Quincy and Christian sent the cease and desist letter to Courtney Burgess and his attorney. Now this story was covered over my maternity leave. Courtney Burgess is the man who alleged that he obtained a flash drive containing Kim's personal Kim Porter's personal writings from people close to her and used it to publish the Kim Porter tell All book. Since the release of the book, family and friends of Kim Porter maintained that the information that he claims to have does not exist. According to the document, the kids are also denying the existence of a flash drive period calling the claim patently false. They argue that if it was a flash drive that exists, then they would own it like it would belong to them.


They're giving Burgess five days to release Kim's possessions to them, stop all the interviews and stop selling the book. The sales went crazy on this book too. They also want a full accounting of any money that they made from the book. And if Burgess fails to comply, he could face a lawsuit. Yep. That's how those season de assist work. Absolutely. You know the season Deist is the, is the is the calm before the storm. That's crazy. That's, I wonder how much money they made off that book. Yeah, I mean, could you imagine They pulled it though, right? They pulled it off the, off the stores and all That, right? Not that they sent it the season. No, no, no, they didn't. They didn't. He got five, they got five days to do so. Oh wow. Yeah. But yeah, I know, I know the sales went through the roof You. know what I mean? Because anybody You know that would, especially all the stuff surrounding Diddy.


Like if, if, if somebody is saying like, oh, there was a tell all Book You know before she passed away there people just speculating and wanting to see You. know what I mean? What, what's going on? Whether they came or not, I know they wanna buy it just to have it. Anyway, DeVito on ancestry kits. So he did a interview with Big homie's house and during the interview he questioned how accurate DNA ancestry tests actually are, which I've done my whole life as well. I Don't, I don't even believe that You know when people go, they be like, oh, they want to check where they from. How, how, how does it, how does that work with the Blood I? Don't know that. That's another thing, that's another questionable part about it because what are you really, it's like you're trusting these people that you don't know who you've never met to give you an accurate description of your ancestry.


I think, I think everybody should just visit Africa and just choose the country They wanna be from. Yeah. So, so that's what we should do. Yeah. Just choose What you wanna be from. So I'm going to adopt the Nigerian culture. Okay. That's exactly, I I gotta find some good food though, boy, the president. So I'm take care of you. Oh, so I'm, I'm good. Of course you're good with that big homie talking. That was big homie talking, big homie talking about you gotta find some good food. Clearly you ain't never been to Africa. What you talking about Ghana in Nigeria, they got great food. Joe Bird, great food. I've always said that though. I've always said that. I don't trust the DNA kits, the ancestry. I mean, it's like you, you sending your blood into where, what's like, 'cause you gotta prick yourself. You gotta see your blood, you gotta wait and then for everybody to get the same results.


Everybody. I mean like I know a, a couple people who've done that and they all got the same, the hold the same percentage. Same percentage of, well, it depends where They from, Congo, Nigerian, like all of that. Like, 'cause for me, I'm from, I'm born in Charleston, South Carolina. Right. So that's a lot of like West, it's like a West African. Right. So it's like for me, I'm Cine, Senegal, Guinea, basal, Sierra Leone. And so a lot of people born in in, for at least people that I know that's born in, in Charleston that have done their African ancestry test. It comes back the same thing. Senegal, Guinea, basal Sierra Leone. Like anywhere in the West African region. Yeah. I just still don't trust it. You don't trust it. Just having to send your blood in. Like I just Well they do Saliva, right? They do saliva.


If I had to pick though, I'd probably pick Ghana. Love Nigeria though. But I would probably pick Ghana. Pick Ghana. Yeah. Sometimes it is sua like a Sali sva. Yeah. Swab. I think that's what I did. But some of them you have to prick. Yeah. Like it is like a finger prick and then you send it out. And yours was what? Like like 50% Dominican. What was that? 50% European. Right. I'm not talking To him. What did you do? I mean what? Did it come back remember Of Dominican European? No. Was it was West African? He knows it was West African. West African. Yes. I'm not Dominican. I'm not to I don buy one. I'm not. I'm not. Oh my Goodness. Damn. Oh my God. It's gonna make me You. know what? Forget you. Go ahead. That's so messed up now. That's why, that's why your lashes are like light.


We're light. Yes. Yes. Oh my God. My my lashes are light. Oh my goodness. And you die. Everything else okay. Yes. Alright. So like, like a Dominican de Dominican do like a Dominican de anyway. Oh my goodness. Scarlet defends new freestyle. No, I like this freestyle. I don't, I wanna hear it. I like the beginning. And she went on and was like, okay. But I feel like she's talking to the Commonwealth folk You. know what I'm saying? But I love this, this play on backpack that she took from Dora the Explorer. You ain't fly, you got a Puma.


That girl said you ain't fly unless you got a Puma backpack. You. know what I'm saying? That's all right. I mean that's, that's talking to the people who can You know like wanna be fly and they affordable stuff. You know. That's a Know what Free saying. It's a dope freestyle. Yeah. And if you shopped like at like Planet Aid Yeah. This song is for You. It's just creative. It feels like a mix. It would've been on a mix tape back in the day. It It is. Scar be scanning the holes. Should be what? Should be what? Drop A from Scar. If you haven't wanna scan some holes away. That is Not true. Okay, well she's scaring the kids. Alright kid. The shouldn't be listening to it. Backpack. Backpack. Get outta New York. Backpack. Backpack. Whatcha looking at backpack?


Backpack. You're so petty. I like it man. A lot of people, oh my goodness was saying this is the current state of female rap. Look, we been doomed. Cut it out. All stop rap. Rap. By the way, people just be having a problem with female rap. 'cause it don't matter. Crazy who it is. Rapping. That's a woman. They be upset about it these Days. It don't Matter because gorilla be killing it. Cash be killing it. Crazy. Cash do Hog crazy. I love it. Lato also And I love scallop. I love her from the beginning. So, but she said You know I just be having fun with music. I just say what's on my mind as you should. I really enjoy creating and doing what I do. But hey, not everybody gonna like it. And I'm all right with that. But don't give me forced hate. Nah. And I understand that. That's just what The, I just wanna his call say Rah. We're all like a dungeon dragon. Yo. Just One time. Shut.


Yo. All right, we got the people's choice Mixes. The. Breakfast, Club. Good morning. Morning everybody. It's DJ Envy. Jess. Hilarious. Charlamagne the guy. We are The. Breakfast. Club. Now we got a salute. IDK from joining us. DMV area. What up? Salute to IDK Man. Also ts and Firo Stop too. Hey My girl. That's right. Salute to Taz. Make sure you check out the Straight Shot No Chaser podcast on the Black Fact iHeartRadio podcast network. And I. Want to tell everybody man in Mons Corner and surrounding areas. Everybody listening to us on Z 93 Jams. Right now, this Saturday is my 11th annual Turkey giveaway in Mons Corner, South Carolina. You know Thanksgiving is next week. So from 9:00 AM to 11th am we will be at the Berkeley High School student parking lot in Monks Corner, South Carolina.


Giving, giving away those free birds. Man. So we'll see y'all this Saturday. 9:00 AM to 11:00 AM Berkeley High School student parking lot. And that's not, that's just like for families like You know Who Have Last and all of that. I never understood when people say like, yo, we giving away Turkey to the homeless. It is like, where they gonna cook it at You know what I'm, I always thought about that. I just felt like that was always You know. I don't like that You. know what I'm saying? If it was for homeless people, I'd do the meal. Yeah. Like already cooked and, okay. Like the food bank in Harlem You. know what I'm saying? I do a lot of work with the food bank in Harlem, the food bank in Harlem. They'll have meals next week for, for for people. That is, or like the Hope Center in Charleston, South Carolina. I do a lot of work with them too. They'll they'll, they'll have meals for for the people.


Yes. Okay. But You know we just putting turkeys in people, people's trunk. This is for people who have somewhere to cook 'em. Just that's nice. Thank you. I wanted to make sure. Alright, When we come back, positive notice The Breakfast. Club. Good morning. Morning everybody. It's DJ Envy. Just hilarious. Charlamagne the guy. We are The Breakfast Club. It's time to get up outta here now. Charlamagne, you got a positive note? I do. And it's really just this simple man. Somebody once said, no matter how good you are, people will judge you according to their own insecurity. So remember that the next time you're being judged, have a great day Breakfast Club bitches. Do y'all finish or y'all done?


Amazon's holiday deals are here so you can celebrate the season early with low prices on decor, electronics, and beauty. Perfect for stocking stuffers. Woo. And my stocking is looking good. Shop holiday deals early on Amazon.


Now See Gladiator two only in theaters November 22nd. This film delivers action, an emotional and compelling story and performances and spectacle on a scale unlike anything else. Gladiator Two stands out with its immersive visuals and a gripping character driven narrative. The film stars an extraordinary cast, including Paul Mezcal, Pedro Pascal, Denzel Washington, and Connie Nielsen reprising her role as Illa. Get ready for an epic experience made for the big screen Gladiator two only in theaters on November 22nd.


You could sit there and listen to ads or you could take a moment to have a Diet Coke break. First, grab a chill diet Coke. 'cause if you want it to be perfect, it needs to be crispy. Next, get a big cup of ice. 'cause everyone knows Diet Coke is best served swimming in ice. Then sip it slowly. Feel that burn and enjoy your break for as long as possible. When you need a break, don't forget to grab an ice cold Diet Coke and take a Diet Coke. Break It.


And business consulting's best kept secret is no longer a secret. I Like to work. I really love my job here. The problem solving aspect of our job is just, it's exactly what I wanna be doing with My life. You're a person, a whole person that has interest, that has family. In addition to You, know the work that you're doing professionally. There's no way that I would be able to manage growing in my career and and raising a young family if I did not have that flexibility. As long as you're willing to do the work, anything is possible, Find your perfect role and thrive at cgi. Visit cgi.com/women.


Hey, it's me, Tyler. Both open earbuds are stylish. The color, the way it looks, it looks almost like a earring. You know, so I feel like it could go with anything. My style is very fun. I feel like I always look like I'm on holiday. I just really like playing around with it and tying it to the music. So yeah, I really feel like the music I'm making right now feels like a holiday, so I wanna look like it too. Check out bose.com for more.