
This is an iHeartPodcasts Meetings, deadlines, emails. Don't you wish you could escape the chaos? That's where the all new Nissan Murano comes in with available features like the relaxing massy seats to ease stress and the beautiful skyline views that bring in natural light. It's like cruising in your personal oasis. And if you need to set a vibe, 64 colors of personalized lighting and a bowls premium sound system. Have you covered? Hands down. The all new Nissan Murano is your stress-free getaway. Sometimes the greatest rush isn't rushing at all. Drive the all new Nissan Murano today. Panoramic Moon roof, ambient lighting, bows and massaging. Leather appointed seats are optional features.


Toyota is the best resale value brand for 2025, according to Kelley Blue Book's kbb.com. And with a wide range of dependable vehicles for any lifestyle, you can get everything you need in a vehicle today while investing in tomorrow. So choose Toyota and choose value shop. Buy a toyota.com for great deals and more vehicles. Projected resale value is specific to the 2025 model year. For more information, visit Kelley Blue book's kbb.com. Kelley Blue Book is a registered trademark of Kelley Blue Book Co, Inc. Toyota. Let's go places.


Wells Fargo is proud of the important role they play for their customers, their communities, and the US economy. Covering more rural markets than many large banks and nearly 30% of branches in low or moderate income. Census tracts also proudly serving more than 10% of small businesses nationwide. Wells Fargo, the bank of Doing. Learn more@wellsfargo.com slash saydu. Wells Fargo Bank, NA member Ft IC


Camp Shane. One of America's longest running weight loss camps for kids. Promised extraordinary results. But there were some dark truths behind Camp Shane's facade of happy, transformed children. Nothing about that camp was right. It was really actually like a horror movie. Enter camp Shame, an eight part series examining the rise and fall of Camp Shame and the culture that fueled its decades long success. You can listen to all episodes of Camp Shame one week early and totally ad free on iHeart true crime Plus. So don't wait. Head to Apple Podcasts and subscribe today.


Good morning. USA Yo yo, yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo, yo yo, Jess. Hilarious. Good morning, Charlemagne. God. Peace to the planet. Guess what day it is? Guess what day it is? Hump day. Good morning. How y'all feel out there? I feel blessed black and highly favored. Happy to be here another day to serve our beautiful listeners. What's going on? Yes. Good morning. It's Wednesday. Middle of the week. What up, Jess? What's up, y'all? How you feeling? I'm doing. I'm nervous. Shut up. So what? I'm nervous, right? Because my kids start, both of my kids start swim school today. Okay. I'm nervous for my baby though. What you mean? Both? Ashe don't know how to swim yet.


Ashe is like 15. He's 13. I ain't got damn damn Jesus Christ got How she has a pool. I know. All right. He just started going under, he just started submerging his head and everything. But yeah, we fixing that now. Envy. Okay. I'm sorry, But I'm nervous with my daughter because she's only nine months. She's going on 10 minutes. Right. And y'all ever seen the videos where the babies are being taught how to swim and they just throwing them in the pool? Yes. That's just stupid. I just don't feel like that's a good way to teach a baby how to swim. Is that what they gonna do with you? No. I hope they don't, you know, how Do you teach a child how to swim before you potty train 'em? That's What I, I, I'm just nervous about it. You Gotta do it with the parent. I never seen the symbol. Like for our kids, you have to go actually in the pool with the kid.


Yeah. Or with your daughter or son. And and they just show 'em so they get comfortable with the water. So they're not afraid of the water. Yeah. And then they go step by step. They start, you know, you they'll, they'll learn the kick. They'll learn the float. But it's just, just learning the water and understanding the water. Not be afraid of The water. And I don't believe in videos are real when them people be throwing them little Oh no, they do in The water. They do. You've seen that before in real. Really Have to be real. That's not ai. Well need to, you need to call Child protective service. That's how I feel every time I See throw Baby in the water every time I see it. But the baby somehow, like they be really swimming to the top and floating and backs stroking and everything. They say it's natural. I I I don't, I wouldn't try that. Yeah. I wouldn't, I wouldn't Try that. But they was swimming for nine months in water. If you actually technically think about it. I, yeah. What Emini here? So I feel like she should have been learned.


Like she, you know. So who's getting in with the baby? You or Chris? Chris. Chris Gonna get in with the baby. I'm going with Ash. But Ash is a different level. Like Ash is not tadpoles. Well, Ash could stand up so he don't gotta worry about it. Yeah. He just, he wanna learn how to swim comfortably. You know what? Emini here, like he could survive a little Bit. Alright, well For like five minutes. Lemme Just give you one tip. What? Please make sure the water's heated because some of those schools don't have heated water and your kids will never want to go back 'cause it'll be too cold. So when you take your kids to learn how to swim, make sure the pool is heated so that they're comfortable in there. 'cause most of the pools aren't heated. Oh God. How the hell is she supposed to do that? She can't pool. No, you're calling ass. It's a swimming school. You have a heated pool. It is school. You ask, you ask, you have a heated pool because kids will that that'll be the first thing that'll deter them from getting back in the water.


Well give her That tip. Say call first. You Just say when you go there, make sure the heated pool. Well, you gotta make sure You damn who you are. You don't care if you work for The Breakfast Club. You ain't We got a heated pool. Pool. We gotta make sure. All right, I'm telling. I got you. Thank you. Alright, well, Jeezy will be joining us today. Hey, come on now. You know Thug Motivation 1 0 1 came out July 26th, 2005. That's right. So he's celebrating 20 years of Thug Motivation 1 0 1. Damn. And he's going on tour. That's actually what he's doing is Superfly because it's a toy where you gotta wear a tuxedo. So, so It's tie Let, when he comes him, I wanna tell the people it's a, that's the whole point of him being there. He gonna tell it. It's a black tie and it's a symphony orchestra and he'll be here to talk about it this morning. That's Right. That's dope. Dope. I really think that's really dope.


Absolutely. It's Grown. That's something I've never even heard of happening before. Yeah. Also, Zoran Kwame Ani will be joining us. Hey. Okay, Now, if you don't know who that is, he is running for mayor of New York City. He is like this. Him and Cuomo are like, you know, head to head as far as who's gonna represent for the Democratic ticket. That's right. Yeah. So he'll be here this morning. Yeah, he was lowing the polls and, and shot up and, and it's doing pretty well in the polls now. I actually think he's leading the poll. So we'll talk to That's what's up. Talk to him as well. And yeah, so let's get the show cracking. We got front page news coming up to the Coca anywhere. It's The Breakfast Club. Good morning. Morning everybody. It's DJ Envy. Jess. Hilarious. Charlemagne the guy. We are The Breakfast Club. Let's get some front page news now.


Quick sports Game three. The 2025 NBA finals tonight. OKC versus the Paces at eight 30 on a B, C. What's up Morgan? Hey Y Hey. How we feeling on the hump day? Feeling good, Girl. All right. I love to hear it. All right y'all. So first up on the front page, president Trump is warning against protest on Saturday's military parade here in Washington DC Now the president touted the upcoming military parade and issued a stern warning while speaking from the Oval Office yesterday afternoon. Let's take a listen to that warning. We're gonna have a fantastic June 14th parade flag day. It's gonna be an amazing day. We have tanks, we have planes, we have all sorts of things.


And I think it's gonna be great. We're gonna celebrate our country for a change. For those people that wanna protest, they're gonna be met with very big force. And I haven't even heard about a protest, but you know, this is people that hate our country, but they will be met with very heavy force. You can't tell people to celebrate their country then suppress their first amendment. Oh, that's just Emini here. That's just simple. Alright. Yeah. So the parade is set to happen as anti-ice protests have been happening in Los Angeles, California, and other cities. Now sat Saturday's Parade is to so-called honor the Army's 250th birthday, which is expected to draw hundreds of thousands of attendees. Now, various security measures have been put in place for the event, including an 18 and a half miles of steel fencing, which I was downtown And I was able to see yesterday.


And 175 magneto meters, which I believe detects certain devices. They Got magneto out there, boy, they Trump ain't playing. But Trump was at North Carolina's Fort Bragg yesterday. To help kick off that celebration. He told hundreds of the troops gathered that Saturday's going to be a big day in Washington, DC Of course, it's also his birthday. And to your point, yesterday, Charlamagne, this is expected to cost about $45 million. He said he is privately funding it though. Yeah, that's Emini Here, that's what he said. I don't, I don't know what's True, the PED type of situation, but of course he did praise the proof, the praise the troops. I'm calling them the greatest fighting force.


Speaking of Emini Here, the, the, the administration is making enough money that they can pay for it. Speaking of defense now, defense secretary Pete Seth, he testified before members of the house yesterday, and he will be back on the hill today for more testimony. He faced grilling from Democrats over the deployment of the National Guard to Los Angeles as the city deals with, of course, the anti-ice protest, including from California Congressman Pete Aguilar, who asked why they deployed the National Guard and Marines. He, Seth, of course, defended President Trump's decision. And ha and they had quite a little bit of an exchange. Let's take a listen. Every American citizen deserves to be live in a community that's safe and ice agents need to be able to do their job.


They're being attacked for doing their job, which is deporting illegal criminals. He has every authority and he has done mobilizing National Guard or active duty troops under us code to protect. Let's, let's talk federal agents in their job, which is exactly what we're doing. We're proud. Do it. We're proud to do it. Yeah, well proud to do it. So at one point he recalled the 2020 protest in Minneapolis while answering Minnesota Governor Congressman Betty McCullum. Now eth said Minnesota Governor Tim Walls abandoned a police precinct and let it burn before mobilizing the National Guard when it was too late. Of course, they're talking about on the heels of the George Floyd protest. And Democrats on the subcommittee have also pressed heck s for details on where funding is coming from to send these National Guard troops to Los Angeles.


So I'll keep you guys posted. The conversation does continue at seven and we will get into more of what's happening with these anti-ice protests in Los Angeles. So stick around. Alright, everybody else get it off your chest. 805 8 5 1 0 5 1. If you need to vent phone lines or wide open again, (800) 585-1051. Call us up right now. It's The Breakfast Club. Good morning. The Breakfast Club. I'm, I'm d Hey, Whatcha doing man? Call call. Yo. This Is your time to get it off your chest. Whether you're mad or blessed. 805 8 5 1 0 5 1. We want to hear from you on The Breakfast Club.


Hello. Who's this? How you doing? This is Malachi. I'm born in Columbus, Georgia. I wanted to get it off my chest, but don't forgive myself donkey today because I was going on a trip And I forgot to get my passport. I don't got a driver's license with a real id. So I'm gonna have to go back to go get that damn Damn damn where you was going. This is gonna be from Savannah to Dallas-Fort Worth. Oh, You don't, you don't have an id. You said you don't have a driver's license either. Oh, he left his real ID at the curb. I Have a driver's license. Just not real id. Yeah, you Can't. Right, right. You can't fly it with just a regular driver's license no more. Right. Oh Yeah, but I had my passport that I forgot to get my passport as I left.


Well, you gotta get on the next flight. I I bet you, I bet you there's not a lot of flights either. Oh no. We got time to go back to go get it. But it's turning a two and a half hour drive to a five hour drive. Got you. Damn. Sorry For you, brother. Well, You know what I appreciate. I call it divine misdirection. You don't know what God is preventing you from running into this morning. No, I appreciate that. And I appreciate y'all giving the words of wisdom. Yes, Sir. Alright brother. Be safe out there. Have a good one. Hello. Who's this? Good morning, my family. It's your boy Lovey from the Bronx Tapping in. Lovey. What's up? What Up, Mr. 13 and a half. What's happening? That's my guy. I wanna give Flower Fridays out. I know Father's day's coming up and the energy is not here for four's. So I wanna give my Father's Day flowers out to you and Charlemagne, but envy.


I got a question for you. I read your book and your wife went through complications with her, with your first pregnancy. What gave y'all that energy to keep it pushing with five more children? Did you fear for her? Nah, I was very fearful. What Luby's talking about? When my, well, And I had Madison who's 23 years old, she had a a, a fever of like 1 0 5. They didn't know what it was. They didn't know if it was infection. They did all types of tests and, and research and couldn't find anything. I always talk about in the book, there was this one black nurse that prayed over gear every day and then after two, three days it just went away. They never knew what it was. They didn't know if it was an instrument. Like they just didn't know. They had no idea. But you know, like e everything happens.


We give it up to God and you know, it was one of those things. And I, I love, I'm an only child so I'm one of the big family. So six kids to me it is a lot of fun to me. The dogs are busting my ass though. But I just love my kids. Lovey. No, it's love. And I wanna ask you guys this, like I've turned down, like somebody asked me to go speak Sunday. I've turned down gigs on the weekend just to spend that quality time with the children. Do you guys find yourself doing the same thing All the time? Yes. That's every day. Yes. Yes. All the time. And, And Jess, I wanna give you flowers too. I know you're not a follower, but I'm impressed with your reading skills. Jess. You have improved. Jess, I wanna give you some flowers for that too. Alright Jess. Thank You love. I appreciate that.


Love you have a great Father's day, man. Keep being a great father. Jess Invested into that Rosetta Stone, that Baltimore Rosetta Stone work. Yeah. Right? Yeah. I see, I see. I love you guys man. Have a blessed day. Love you too Too. Bye. Get it off your chest. 805 8 5 1 0 5 1. If you need to vent, hit us up right now. It's The Breakfast Club. Good morning. The Breakfast Club. It's a new day. This is your time to get it off your chest wake. Wake up. Whether you're mad or blessed, it's Time to get up and get something. Call up now. Eight five eight five one oh five one. We wanna hear from you on The Breakfast Club. Hello, who's this? Hey Pete, this is Corey. Hey Corey. Good morning.


Get it off your chest. Yes. I actually wanted to just talk about how 2024 was a rough year for me And I bounced back to basically self-publishing my own book on June 20th. I have my daughter who's a kid mine, I'm managing her career. They tried to stop me DJing me, but it ain't work obviously. That's right. For what a production. NYC is the name of my company that I started. And the name of my book is Life is Just A Dream. And where you from? I'm from Brooklyn. Born and raised. Okay. All right. Well definitely pick out your, pick up your on Amazon and all that, right. People could pick up the book. What is the book about? Basically how I came from uniting my family during the pandemic when we was all locked in. I grew up in a dysfunctional household.


My mother and my father never encouraged us to stay united. So this is my way of uniting us all together. And I can say it has worked and they see what I'm doing and their family is uniting. I was trying to reach out to Charlamagne, so I know he do stuff like this. What happened? Do what book? See you got a book. That's all right. Publishing. I, I know he got a publishing company, service publishing And I sent my info out to him. Oh, okay. Well Eddie, get his info. I'll get you an email. I'll give you an email to send, send a, send a proposal to a pitch to or something. Oh, thank you so much. Charlamagne. Like, you don't know how much that means to me, man. Absolutely. Well Send him your book 'cause his book is done. So just send him the book too, brother. Okay. I I'll just wait for you to gimme the info. Thank you So much. Hold on. I'm gonna put you on hold. Alright, Thank you.


Hello. Who's this? Yeah, this is Sean. What's up Sean? I'm good. I I just wanna say that, you know, I'm glad that Rock Baraka Law, you know, I did an interview with him under Iron Brown News on Instagram, and he has a nasty attitude. You know, his attitude isn't right. You know, I tried asking him a question. I tried to film him and he wouldn't let me. He's supposed to represent the people and he, he didn't want to answer my question. What was your question? I was asking him what did he do for Newark and what did he did for the homeless? He didn't wanna answer my question.


Well, I'll tell you one thing, man. Barack, he swept Newark. He, he, he, he won all five wards in Newark yesterday. So Emini here. He, he didn't, of course he didn't win. He lost New Jersey. Primary governor. Ricks book, I'm glad didn't win because his attitude is nasty. I got all right to video him. Now, Sean, did you have an actual interview with him or did you just pull up on him on the street? I pulled up on him and asked him a question. What did He do for Nor Well, well see that, that, that that's you answered, you answered your question. You gotta make a formal, a formal request for an interview with the mayor. No. So that's not true. He represent the people. Yeah, But, but If you don't wanna represent the people, Then No, that's not true, brother. You, you being self That's true. You're being selfish right now. 'cause you wouldn't want nobody to roll up you with camera.


I thought All right. I thought all right to ask him a question. If, if you represent the people you should want me to interview you. Sure. But you Don't wanna represent the people. And You, you, you, you, you conflate in two things. My brother, right Now, if you wanted to ask him a question, that's one thing. An interview is another. That's right. Now, if you, now, now you as a civil, that's An interview basically. No, It's not. No, no. It's Not you asking a question. That's not an interview. That's two different things. Interview. I'm, That's two different things. My brother, Hey, You don't even like listen to nobody. I could tell that he probably didn't even wanna talk to you because of how you even coming at nigga, This guy, this guy don't do Nothing. No, no. My brother, this ain't even about me. A Barack this Come Up with this.


This is, this is not about Mayor Baraka The people. So he's supposed to be appointment to answer the question. My brother, this is not about Mayor Baraka. This is just about proper etiquette. If I walk up to somebody And I say, Hey, can I ask you a question? Not a problem. That's, that's one thing. But if I say, Hey, can I interview you? That's another thing. If you just walk up to me with a camera in my face trying to ask me a question. Yeah. I'm probably not gonna answer your question. Yeah. But people say, oh, he, for it's proper etiquette. He's for the people. Yes, he is for the people. But like you said, there's proper etiquette. If you want to interview somebody and ask him a series of questions, there's proper protocol to do so. But if I'm walking down the street And I have primaries And I'm doing whatever I'm doing, I'm, I'm rushing. I'm this, that and the other. I can answer your question, but I can't stop for a 20 minute or 10 minute, seven minute Interview by way, forget a 2010 minute.


I'm not stopping for a one minute, two minute interview. I'm just talking about from being a public figure. Right. Don't walk upon me with no camera asking me no questions. Yeah. Now, if you say to me, Hey, can I ask you a question? Sure. But if you walk into me with a camera talking about Can I ask you a question? I'm gonna be like, no, put the camera down. Like, Why? That's because I don't even know what you want. Well, you got trauma anyway. Forget trauma. That's just proper etiquette. Respect people's boundaries. Yeah, I agree. Alright, well get it off your chest. 805 8 5 1 0 5 1. Welcome back, Lauren. Good morning. Hey man. No Court today. That's not court Attire. There is court today. Are you going? Yes. Yes. I'm going It's actually later too. Court starts at 1230 today. Oh, okay. Oh, Nice. Because last week they wasted everybody's time last week, I'm not gonna lie, it was a good week for the prosecution.


The stuff that they had on the stand last week was just a bunch of garbage. Well we, we we're gonna talk about court today because they're also really, really, really getting strict about Jane Doe. So it's the same Jane Doe the same girl for the last couple days? Or are there different Like No, it's the same girl. Oh, so The same girl those Days. Yeah, they, it's just, they've taken their time. The prosecution's taking their time, having conversation with her and then the defense will coming. Okay, Alright, well we'll break that down during the latest with Lawrence. And don't go anywhere as The Breakfast Club. Good morning. Morning everybody. It's Djj Envy Jess. Hilarious. Charlemagne the guy. We are The Breakfast Club Shorty. Said that's me passed out in the backseat. Oh, That's what Scissor said. Was it a crime or what's happening?


She trying to tell us Something. I gotta hear the rest of the lyrics. Oh My goodness. All right. All right. Go ahead. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. Y'all Go ahead. Well, let's get to the latest with Lauren. Lauren becoming a straight face. She gets them from somebody that knows Somebody. She gets into Details. I'm the home girl that knows a little bit about everything and She be having the latest on this, the latest with Lauren la. Sometimes you have facts, sometimes you have details. Sometimes she have a little bit of everything. What's the latest on The Breakfast Club? Talk to me. Alright y'all, so we are gonna get to the court stuff, but first there's a few things lingering from the BET awards and then we are done. I promise. Now we, you guys wondering why Sierra didn't perform Bow blah? Didn't even think about it. You Didn't I didn't think, I didn't think about it.


Especially when he performed like you Emini here. Of course I would've wanted her to do her vocals. Why not? But, but then she came out like five minutes later. So I did think about it. Yes. I think a lot of us there, even in real time, were like, oh, she not gonna take the stage. We thought it was gonna be like a good surprise. People Didn't, It didn't. And and it, it spilled over online as well too. Twitter was going a bit crazy wondering why. And some people was just saying like, yo, I love that she's choosing her piece and she ain't getting on stage. But TMZ called Bow wow out and asked him why Seer didn't take the stage. Take a listen. Everybody was wondering why, why Seer didn't come out for like you, I I'm not gonna lie to you on some real, I I was gonna put this out myself. When we do, when we do the warrant on BET is the one that outsourced all the talent.


So I don't know if she was aware or not, but I didn't know she was in the building. I've been in my trailer all day. I I've been at rehearsal. I had to host some red carpet. But I will say this, it would've been a wonderful moment if she did come out. I know she was in attendance. I didn't know that. I didn't know until I got off the stage and back to my trailer and checked Twitter. But I will say this Scream Fest is coming up and the next one, me, me and Beatle k stayed. I would've rather seen Sierra perform by herself, Anything right Here. Because if I'm not mistaken, I could be wrong. But I I, I remember back in the day, didn't Sierra debut on 1 0 6 and Park like the first time we ever saw her perform live something like a Vegas was on 1 0 6 Vegas. Remembering that as well with Jazzy Jazz was Jazzy.


Yeah. I don know. I don't know. I I just, I feel like I remember something like that. But like you was probably one of one of the biggest records on 1 0 6 and Park at the time, but Goodies, all that stuff, I, I felt like Goodies was performed. Yeah. On Yes. But that would've been dope to see it though. Yeah. So according to Wikipedia on Yes, but, so it was the video, sorry, was premiered on BTS 1 0 6 and Park as well as Vivo. That was with the release of her debut single Goodies. So it was all at the same time. This is according to Wikipedia. Mm. But to your point, yes. And when Sierra was there in the media room, we were talking to her and a bunch of other outlets were talking to her. She was celebrating, I think it's like 21 years she said of goodies and it just being a huge sign for her. So I think that's why a lot of us were like, no, Sierra, like no rush at all.


Because she Came out literally five minutes out Performance wise though. 'cause she did 'cause she did Giving award. Yeah. I must be the only person that does not when I, when I bow Wow and Sierra are not synonymous with each other than me for that song. I thought, I thought so. I wasn't tripping off her not doing like you even though it would've been like, like it would've been though. It's nostalgic to see. I just thought on stage in general. Yeah. But also in the BET awards conversation, Clarissa Shields. So people got a bit upset about some of the, the tweets that she shot out after she did not win Sportswoman of the Year. She tweeted, I still don't know how I didn't win Sportswoman of the year for the BET awards. But congrats to Angel Reese and all of the other nominees. I just thought accolades mattered. Then she tweeted again, let me go on ahead and make up for missing two days of grinding at the gym to attend all this BET stuff.


I defend my undisputed heavyweight title on July 26th. If I, if and when I win that fight, I'll be the 19th time world champ. Then she had to come back because people started responding and, and basically saying to her like, you know, why are you downplaying Angel Reese's win just because you didn't? And she says, nobody's saying that Angel Reese doesn't have accolades or that she's not good. I'm just saying that I thought the person with the most she capital capitalized most accolades and accomplishments win the award. I'm team Angel Reese. I'm not joining the hate train when it comes to injuries. I have mad respect for her and all the other female athletes that excelled in sports. Asked for my earlier comments. I'm allowed to express my feelings. I was just shocked I didn't win. Oh, she's talking about like career accolades. I'm confused like what's going on.


I I accolades are normally career accolades. What else are Accolades? Well, Andrew Reese, that's the case. You got what? Simone Biles in the category. Don sta Coca Ball Asian Wilson. I It's mad people with career accolades. I don't, I don't understand. Isn't that athlete of the


Hey, What up y'all? It's DJ Envy. The first few months of 2025 have been quite a year. Work deadlines, group chats you can't escape. And your weird cousin's latest overshare. It's a lot. But here's some good news. You don't have to bring that stress into your car. The all new Nissan Murano is your piece on wheels thanks to its available features. Imagine sliding into the relaxing, massaging seats that feel like they were made to melt your tensions. Take in the skyline views that let sunlight pour in and watches as your day brightens. I have a special playlist that always gets me right. And with the Bows premium sound system, you too can vibe like your at your own private concert. Plus with your 64 color personalized lighting option, you can set the mood any way you want. Be it romantic chill, or in a straight up do not disturb mode. Let the Nissan Murano be your oasis in a chaotic world because sometimes the greatest rush isn't rushing at all. Drive the all new Nissan Murano today. Panoramic moon roof, ambient lighting, bows and massaging. Leather appointed seats are optional features.


Camp Shane, one of America's longest running weight loss camps for kids. Promised extraordinary results. Campers who began the summer and heavy bodies were often unrecognizable when they left in a society obsessed with being thin. It seemed like a miracle solution. But behind Camp Shane's facade of happy, transformed children was a dark underworld of sinister secrets. Kids were being pushed to their physical and emotional limits as the family that owned Shane turned a blind eye. Nothing about that camp was right. It was really actually like a horror movie. In this eight episode series, we are unpacking and investigating stories of mistreatment and reexamining the culture of Fatphobia that enabled a flawed system to continue for so long. You can listen to all episodes of Camp Shame one week early and totally ad free on iHeart true Crime Plus. So don't wait. Head to Apple Podcasts and subscribe today.


I'm Andrea Gunning, host of the podcast, betrayal Police. Lieutenant Joel Kern used his badge to fool everyone, most of all. His wife Caroline, He texted, I've ruined our lives. You're going to want to divorce me. Caroline's husband was living another life behind the scenes. He betrayed his oath to his family and to his community. She said, you left bruises, pulled her hair, that type of thing. No. How far would Joel go to cover up what he'd done? You're unable to keep track of all your lies and quite frankly, I question how many other women may bring forward allegations in the future. This season of betrayal investigates one officer's decades of deception lies that left those closest to him questioning everything they thought they knew. Listen to Betrayal on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts or wherever you get your podcasts.


DNA tests proves he is not the father. Now I'm taking the inheritance. Wait A minute, John, who's not the father? Well, Sam, luckily it's your not the father Week on the okay story time podcast. So we'll find out soon. This author writes, my father-in-law is trying to steal the family fortune worth millions from my son, even though it was promised to us. Now I find out he's trying to give it to his irresponsible son instead. But I have DNA proof that could get the money back. Hold up. So what are they gonna do to get those millions back? That's so unfair. Well, the author writes that her husband found out the truth from a DNA test. They were gifted two years ago. Scandalous. But the kids kept their mom's secret that whole time. Oh my God. And the real kicker, the author wants to reveal this terrible secret, even if that means destroying her husband's family in the process. So do they get the millions of dollars back or does she keep the family's terrible secret? Well, to hear the explosive finale, listen to the okay Storytime podcast on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcast or wherever you get your podcasts here


Was about what you did in the last right hundred 65 day first woman of the year. Yeah. And she would've to understand why people would think she was hating. Right. The fact that Angel Angel Reese won and you talking about accolades, like that's the first thing people would say. Right? Yeah. But she does say it in that very first tweet though. Like, I'm Team Angel Reese. Of course, I think she's just speaking up for herself. But that's why People thought that. And and to be clear with Thea Has had a great year though. Yes, she has. Absolute a hundred percent. And to be clear, with the nominee for the BET award, they're determined in each category and the voting process happens by academy members. So Emini here, I don't know exactly what, what they're looking at. Let's focus Champ. Yeah, let's get focused on that. And that's all that is. It's just, yeah. Now it's time to get focused back. Like she said, she's time to get focused back on what she should actually be focused on.


That's s Finest because she need to win on, she, she will win on July 26th. But you know, you just gotta stay focused. 'cause anything can happen in that ring. And the last thing Clarissa Shield right now needs right now is a loss. 'cause the internet will have a field Day because she's been having a good time doing other stuff. Yes, Yes. That's exactly what it is. Yeah. It's fight time. Yeah. Yeah. IIII Think she'll be focused. I Should be. That's honestly the first time I heard her talk about her upcoming fight in a while. Oh no, she promotes that fight. Yeah, no, she, she talking About the fight like percent with it. Oh yeah. Every time. Okay. Every time Claretta post something, she promotes that fight. Okay. 'cause I thought it was smart that she put it in the tweet. 'cause I felt, I thought the same way, but maybe I just don't pay enough attention to that. Yeah, If you follow it. She always talk about the fight. Yeah. Everything goes back to that fight.


Well I'm wishing her a safe fight and a win because as y'all said, I think she needed W2. 'cause the the trolls love to get her. Yeah. No matter What. That's it. And I promise we are done with the BET awards. Alright, thank you Miss Lauren. Now when we come back, we got front page news and then Jeezy will be joining us. So don't go anywhere. It's The Breakfast Club. Good morning, Wake up. Wake up. You're locked into The Breakfast Club. Morning everybody. It's DJ Envy. Just Hilarious. Charlamagne the guy. We are The Breakfast Club. Let's get back in some front page news, some quick sports basketball fans. OKC play the patience tonight at eight 30 on a b, C. It's game three right now. The series is Tide. What's up Morgan? Alright y'all, let's continue this conversation from 6:00 AM regarding the anti-ice protest.


Now, president Donald Trump, he's warning other cities that anti-ice protests will be met with equal or greater force than Los Angeles. Now this comes as demonstrations were seen in New York City, Atlanta and Chicago yesterday. Speaking from the Oval Office, Trump also warned he could invoke the Insurrection Act in California. The act allows the deployment of US troops to stop domestic unrest. Trump says he wants to liberate Cal Los Angeles. He made those comments while speaking in front of troops at North Carolina's Fort Bragg on Tuesday. Trump said the la anti-ice protest proved that once that the once beautiful city has turned into a trash heap. Let's hear more from Trump at Fort Bragg on la The agitators are throwing fire bombs, Molotov cocktails, lighting vehicles, a blaze.


You saw all the cars that were burning mobbing, police officers and ice officers. But they proudly carry the flags of other countries. But they don't carry the American flag. They only burn it. Did you see a lot of the flags being burned? He went on to call the protest and protestors, invaders, violent and insurrectionists. And he thanked the National Guard and Marines who are being deployed to the city. He also made some really horrible comments. Well, I, in my opinion, they're horrible saying, you know, saying that LA is on fire right now. But you know, this is, comes on the heels essentially of the LA fires basically saying that LA is being burned to the ground and that it's on fire. A lot of things are on fire, essentially the same way that it was earlier this year in, in reference to the Wildfires.


I think he should be more specific. Like, you know, you can't Just say, you know, you're against protesting because, you know, protesting, you have the right to protest. You know, be it a constitution, your first amendment peaceful protest. Correct. You know, you have the right to peaceful protest. Like if he's talking about, you know, violence and you know, insurrectionists, you know, I understand. But then I would also have the question, we had an insurrection on January 6th. Why wasn't the National Guard, national Guard deployed then? National Guard definitely should have been called on January 6th. Yeah. People got actually killed. Absolutely. And cops got assaulted. Why, why, why wasn't the National Guard deployed on January 6th? Because there's nothing I've seen in that LA that looks remotely like January 6th. Well, The, that's essentially, well let's jump to California. Gavin Newsom, that's essentially what he had to say. He criticized President Trump's response to those protests in LA last night.


Newsom gave a speech saying Trump escalated the situation by sending the National Guard troops and US Marines to deal with the protestors. Adding that he overstepped his authority by commandeering the National Guard. Now Newsom said this is only beginning, only the beginning and that California is essentially the first state. So beware. He, you know, issued a warning essentially to the rest of the country. And he also criticized President Trump for selective law and order. Let's take a listen. California may be first, but it clearly will not end here. Other states are next. Democracy is next. Democracy is under assault before our eyes, this moment we have feared has arrived.


And by the way, Trump, he's not opposed to lawlessness and violence as long as it serves him. What more evidence do we need than January 6th? To your point, Charlamagne, he, I don't wanna make, I don't wanna make the same point as Gavin Newsom though. It, it it something about Gavin Newsome. Just don't sit right with me. I don't know what it is. I can't put my finger on it. But I was watching CNN and you know, last night, and I'm, I'm watching the LAPD say they can handle the protest. They say it's been 50 arrests and 600 non-lethal rounds fired. They was like, yo, we got this. Yeah. So what, what, who, why is the National Guard there? I do have a question. Did, did Representative Maxine Water say there was no violence there? Or was that fake?


Because I, I seen that clip going on, but I wasn't sure if that was real. No, I have not seen that clip. I have seen that she has been shut out of facilities that she's been trying to access. I have not seen a clip where she has indicated whether or not the protests have been violent or not. But I have seen her being, in a sense, mistreated for what is considered a 80 plus year old woman. You know, trying to access certain facilities and that, that, Well there, there have been violent demonstrations Emini here that the L lap D the L lap D said that despite violent demonstrations, local police can handle whatever protestors throw at them. And that additional federal help is unnecessary and could become a hindrance.


The LAPD said that. Yeah. Yeah. So yeah, to your point, LAPD Chief Jim McDonald says anyone not found to be exempt within the designate? Oh, excuse me. Well they issued a curfew for some of that yesterday. Let's get into Los Angeles. Mayor Karen Bass comments regarding that curfew if we can. She's saying a lot of businesses and businesses have been affected by graffiti and looting and those who are responsible will be held accountable. But to your point, it seems as though or they are indicating the local author authorities in California and LA indicating that they pretty much have a handle on it. Let's take a listen to La Mayor Karen Bass. Many businesses have now been affected by, or vandalize.


Last night there were 23 businesses that were looted. And I think that if you drive through downtown LA the graffiti is everywhere. If you do not live or work in downtown la avoid the area. Law enforcement will arrest individuals who break the curfew and you will be prosecuted. Yeah, I've been seeing a lot of videos and a lot of locals talk about it. A lot of people have said that they live in LA and they said that the military actually made it worse. And they're saying that a lot of the news has sensationalized a lot of the stuff that they're actually seeing. They saying they're making it seem like it's the Watts riot, but it's not even close. What Saying that's what we've been saying all week. So what's the point of having 4,000 National Guardsmen there and 700 Marines?


Like what's the point? Yeah, that of course this does come after you, after, to your point, you guys, this all comes as demonstrators. We're seeing throwing objects at dozens of officers guarding the federal buildings. And of course police responded with flash bangs, tear, GRA gas and a non-lethal rounds. Those rubber bullets that we saw impacting that. And they arrested some people for attempted murder 'cause they were throwing Molotov Molotov cocktails and there was assault with a deadly weapon on a police officer. But overall, they, they said they made I think 50 arrests, 50 or 51 arrests or something like that. And they fired 600 non-lethal bullets. More of the story is LAPD said they got it. So there's no need for the National Guard to be in, be there right now.


And if I can just switch gears for something. ICE relative New Jersey. US Representative Lamonica Mc Iver is facing federal charges now in connection with an altercation at an ice detention center in Newark, New Jersey last month. Now, on Tuesday, a grand jury indicted the New Jersey Democrat for forcibly impeding and interfering with federal law enforcement officers. The three count indictment comes weeks after the Justice Department filed charges against MacGyver over the same incident. So again, this is something that even though LA is dealing with protests, you know, you have your elected officials in Newark being impacted and then there are protests around the country and it's all in the name of immigration and anti-ice.


So you guys just be safe out there. But that pretty much wraps up your front page news for today. Morgan Wood, follow me on socials at Morgan Media and for more news coverage, follow at Black Information Network. Download the free iHeartRadio app and visit us@binews.com. Thank you. Thank You Morgan Jeezy. Morgan, now when we come back, Jeezy will be joining us. It's the 20th anniversary of Thug Motivation 1 0 1. And we're gonna talk to Jeezy when we come back. It's The Breakfast Club. Good morning. The Breakfast Club. Morning everybody. It's DJ nv. Just hilarious. Charlemagne the guy. We are The Breakfast Club. We got a special guest in the Building. One of the best to ever do it. Celebrating the 20th anniversary of Thug Motivation 1 0 1.


Ladies and gentlemen, Jeezy, welcome. What I'm done. What I done. What's happening? Good morning. How you feeling brother? Man, great man. Better than most. You know what, Emini here. Great. I was talking to somebody yesterday, this is the other day. And he was like, yeah, I'm on my way to Jeezy house. I'm like, for what? He was like, I'm opening up for Jeezy. I said, what you mean opening up? That's like Jeezy DJ as a hobby. He just do it. Have fun. I said, shut up. He was like, yes. You started DJing. Yeah, you know, I used to DJ back in the day when I was, you know, young in the hood, you know what I'm saying? I, I hustled up on the DJ set and I was just go in the hood, just DJ on people's porches. That was kind of my thing. But that's how I got into music, know what I'm saying? So for me it just like, it's like a pastime. But you know, like the great Andre 3000 said, if, if you can't find the vibe, you gotta create it.


Mm. So I just invite dope people over to my crib, you know what I'm saying? Curate it. You know, we might do some, some red wine and Popeye's chicken And I might throw on a set and we just get a cracking man. That's what's up. That was like he was DJing for real. Yeah. Survive vibe. That's interesting though. So that's how you've been feeling, like you haven't been finding a vibe lately, so you've been trying to create one? Well, You know, I, I like to travel a lot, you know what I'm saying? I, And I like to live, but also I like to, you know, like turn people on to what I've learned when I've been around The World. So it's just like different types of music, different types of cure races. So it's just dope to have people come up to your house that you trust and just vibe. You know, people get tired of going out cameras everywhere. You know, it's some very distinguished black people in Atlanta.


They like to really live. So I just like come over to my crib man. We just hang out. You know what I'm saying? It is dope though. Alright. What Type of vibes though? Is it like, is it all Rap? Is it, nah, nah, nah, nah. That's What I thought I said. Was he playing All his music was like, no. Nah. It was like you play everything. Yeah. House music. Old school. Yeah. Yeah. It is vibe. You know what I'm saying? Yeah. I got, so I got a little, so yeah, I got a little something. You should come nigga. I all y'all invite, you Know what I'm saying? She gonna tell about everybody in the house, whoever in the house. I tell you. I promise you she gonna come to the radio. I tell everybody listen, 20 year anniversary of one of the greatest hip hop albums of all time. Yes, yes, yes. What does it feel like mentally to have to revisit that era?


To be honest with you, it feels like that album was supposed to happen and even 20 years later, just the the obstacles that I had to go through to, you know, get this tour going and everything. It just feels like deja vu. But the, but the consequences are not d they just real life things and you gotta show your adversity. And, and it feels like, I was just talking to somebody about this other day, it's just like now Soul Survivor really resonates with me. It makes sense. Ooh. You know what I'm saying? Because I'm a Soul Survivor and I'm listening to the words. I'm like, oh this is me. This is who I am. You know, when I wrote it, it was a record. Now this is my life and it's just like to be 20 because you gotta think, like you think about Pac and big, you know, what would they, what would they have done 20 years in the game?


You know what I'm saying? You celebrating all eyes on me. Yeah. Life after death 20 years later. You know, I, I don't know. Pac might have been DJing his basement. I don't know. Yeah, right, right, right, right. What I'm saying, but I'm living life and, and, and I'm going through, you know, one of those stages where, you know, you get to watch the game. Like I watch the streets, you know what I'm saying? I'm in this world, but I'm not of it. You know what I'm saying? So I get to watch it, but at the same time, I already put my work in so I get to sit back. But I'm dealing with real stuff now. Running companies and doing deals and, and and, and you know, empowering other people. So it's now I gotta really practice my skills of leadership, but with my catalog behind me.


'cause I could stand on that because it's solid. You know what I'm saying? So I'm not, you know, I'm Frankie Beverly and Maize out here. I could keep going if I wanted to, but I ain't got to. Do you have Survivors remorse at all? 'cause I used to, you have so many people that you ran into a and people that you Yeah, I, I used to, but everybody know me. They know I'm solid. You know what I'm saying? But at the same time, my life is about peace, joy, and freedom. And I ain't even, I'm I'm saying that to say a lot of people don't survive the war, baby. You know what I'm saying? It is like, I'm, I, I ain't got no reason to go back. Ain't nothing to prove. You know what I'm saying? I'm just trying to live my life, make sure my people straight, you know, put as many people as I could put on and keep, you know, just, you know, just inspiring and involving my culture, which is why I'm even doing this symphony tour.


Which is crazy because I think I'm the first one to ever take a symphony around The World to do a tour. You know what Emini here to, to celebrate, you know, my first debut album, which is about three, four times platinum. I ain't checked last time, but, oh, I can't wait. That's Motivation 1 0 1. Yeah. Come on Now. And, and it's crazy because it's like, you know, the only time I remember putting on a suit is for a funeral or a wedding or wedding. It's a celebration. And it's not just about, it's not just about, you know, the music. It's about everybody who came along on this journey with me that'll celebrate. Think about where you was 20 years ago. You know what I'm saying? Where you were 20 years ago and where y'all at now.


This is celebration of that because that music reminds you of that time you was out there grinding. But look what you grinded too. So this is a reason for everybody put on a suit in a, in a nice black dress and come out and celebrate. And I do want to say this, this is not no sit, this is not the opera. You know what I'm saying? You're not going to sit down and cross your legs. This is the party. You know what I'm saying? At the same time, you know, shout out to Adam Blackstone, you know, he, he helped me produce it. D Hodges is, he wrote the music, he's actually conducting it. Those brothers are crazy. I bought DJ drama with me. So, you know, it's a part that got DJ Ace with me. It's a celebration. You Know what I'm saying? When you, when you were making this album 20 years ago, right? Were you just making songs or were you thinking the future?


Were you thinking catalog? 'cause you look at a lot of people in the industry and their catalog is not strong, right? Right. That first album, the catalog is not strong. They can't go on tour. Were you thinking about that when you were writing this first album? Or was it just, I'm just trying to get out the hood. I'm just, I was just trying to stay alive and free And I just wanted to be heard. And the reason why that album is so solid is because I put everything in there. You know, I didn't have another shot. You know what I'm saying? It wasn't like no label was looking for me. You know what I'm saying? I had spent all these, all these, all this money to build this buzz. And I had this one opportunity. You gotta think like, I lost my voice. I tore my vocal chords. You know, I had bells, like all these things happened at one time and I'm just like, I was humbled and the album got leaked four weeks before it came out.


Think about that. I was up against all that and I'm still like praying, you know what I'm saying? And it happened. So when I look back 20 years ago, like I didn't realize what I was doing, but I know to change the trajectory of my family and, and, and our generational wealth and getting my family in a better place. That this is all I had. You know what I'm saying? So I put everything in the album trap or die and this Yeah. Everything by the way, I probably, you know, was riding around you still getting it? What? I, during that time. Right. That's Interesting. The statue limitations. Well Put that out there. You know, It interest what you said about the record Soul Survivor, because at that point in your life, you had survived to a certain extent, but you didn't, you didn't feel that way.


No. Emini here. You gotta think about it. I didn't really even start celebrating life until the recession. Wow. Yeah, I was, I was out of it, bro. I was drinking, smoking, living. I'm just holding on, you know what I'm saying? Because I didn't know. Then I woke up one day, it was like, damn, I'm still free. You know? So You do it at any moment it could go down. Oh yeah. And ain't nothing like that. That's some type of stress you don't even want. You know what I'm saying? Because it's just, it's every day it never stops. And you always on edge. You living from, you know, you living from a survival mindset. You know what I'm saying? And you know, when I woke up on that day when I started to work on the recession, that's when I realized what abundance was. You know what I'm saying? What I'm saying? Because now I'm like, I, I'm a superstar, you know, I was telling the other day, man, I, I got in the gym, got myself together, my first show on in Boston for the recession tour.


You know, I hit the stage and I'm telling the security guard, Hey, yo, they throwing stuff at me. We gotta get out here and get down. He like, sir, no, they're panties. Oh damn, the sex symbol down. I like this. You know what I'm saying? So crusty and Hall was in pain that you didn't realize. You throwing objects, you know, Bras and stuff. And I'm like, yo, this is, this is different. Because you gotta think, when I was doing shows, when Thug Motivation came out, all the gangsters was in the front. You know what I'm saying? All the, all the hustlers. There wasn't no women. I didn't have any women fans, you know, shout out to the women fans out there, you know what I'm saying? It Was still kicking it with Jeezy, Charlamagne emotionally. Do you ever get triggered when you on stage performing some of those records though?


Yeah. Yeah. I, I Emini here, especially like lately because I'm so seasoned with it that, you know, everything is like a sermon to me. Some of those songs, especially like 20 years later to see, 'cause I'm, I'm gonna be honest, like Soul Survivor hits so different, you know, shout out to Kid Stewart, you know, rest in peace. He made me put that on the album, you know what I'm saying? But my whole thing was like, I wanna go trap or die, you know? And imagine if I would've listened to that myself and stayed on that trajectory and then where it's at now. Because when I'm doing this Soul Survivor arenas and I'm looking at these kids, or I'm looking at these people, I'm like, I want to do, they realize like, this is who I am. You know what I'm saying? And this is me living my dream, being on the stage, and I'm still getting standing ovations 20 years later, you know what I'm saying?


So I, I don't know nobody else that can say that they're Soul Survivor and meaning like that. So yeah, this, that record means a lot to me and even trap or die, you know what I'm saying? It just like that's Real. Yeah. You know what I'm saying? But you not sitting on the block with your thing cock no more. Nah, but we'll talk about that offline. But, But I was gonna ask, does the street mentality actually leave? Right? So if, if you see Emini here and you've been around Jay and you've seen his evolution of being Right, always looking over his shoulder to now, right. When I see him walking into the buildings, it is like free. I don't have to worry about that. Yeah. Even when I see 50 more. Yeah, he feels more free. Right? Do you feel that way or do you feel like I'm always Still got it. Nah, Emini here, but I still got it because I, I'm, I'm not exempt, but I understand what it is.


But you know, I carry myself with a level of integrity. So it's just like, as long as I feel like it's mutual respect, I don't feel like the need to even have to watch the room. But I will tell you this, I've been on a journey for about like almost eight, nine years now. You know what I'm saying? But I could tell you at this point in my life, like I'm really at peace. Like, I don't worry about the things that I can't control. And that is including people, you know what I'm saying? So for me, it's just like, I don't, I, you know, I, everybody know me. I float around my, well any city, you know what I'm saying? What got you there though? 'cause it took you a long time to get there. Work. What got you there? Work therapy, therapy work, journaling, meditate and all that. You know what I'm saying? Like, I'm not even going to hold you.


Like it is real. And when you wake up and you start to realize like, okay, and, and you can emotionally regulate and you, and you know who you are, you have nothing to prove. There's no better feeling. You know what I'm saying? Because I don't gotta prove anything. And by the way, you can see, you can tell because people are attracted to that 'cause they can tell that that's how you feel. Peace attracts peace. You know what I'm saying? If you, if you got nervous energy, you gonna attract nervous people. I ain't inviting no nervous people to my house. Watch me DJ know that I wanna go back. He, he mentioned Jay-Z. Do you remember the moment when Jay-Z told you that album was a classic? I think when he heard it for the first time. 'cause I played it for him, you know what I'm saying? And yeah, he, he definitely told me, he was like, yo, this, this one here gonna live with you.


That's a lot of pressure. You know what I'm saying? I don't know if that helped me when he told me it was a classic because you know, back then, you know, I was a little wild. So that got to, you know, that that definitely, you know, made my head a little bigger. So that definitely, you know, like after my ego, did You ask him to get on Dope Boys Go Crazy? Yes, Absolutely. I remember playing it. So first of all, that record was a record that I heard when I was over somebody else's trap house. And they was playing this tip mix tape, I think it was down with the King. Yeah, yeah. And I was just over there And I was kicking it and they was playing it. They asking me did I hear it And I heard the, I heard him rapping over the go crazy beat. And I'm like, damn. I said, who made the beat? They was like, Don Cannon. So I left And I called Don Cannon And I was like, yo, I need a beat like that.


And then he said, why not use that beat? And I said, okay, what you mean? And he said, tip didn't bother beat. He just rapped over it. I was like, bet where you at? I'm pull up on you now. You know what I'm right now I got the, I got the record. I had a meeting in Def Jam. So I flew in. Me and Coach K flew into to New York. We had, we flew back that same night on the way back I wrote Go Crazy on the plane, recorded it that night I had three verses. Def Jam came about two weeks later and we was all in Patchworks And I played the whole album. And when I got to that song, it was all clapping when it was done. And I wasm like, yo, by the way I'm putting Jay-Z on this song. I said, y'all need to work that out. So La Re that I'm Putting Jay-Z on it.


But you didn't speak the ho yet, right? No, You gotta speak of the existence. All right. And one day for the BET awards, I was out in LA and HOV called me to his hotel. He is like, yo, come by the, come by the hotel. So we sitting upstairs in his suite, outside on the patio, smoking cigars, just talking. 'cause we never talked about music. We always talked about life. And then he was like, what verse you gonna take off? And I was like, what you mean? He was talking about go crazy. I had three verses. And then he said, I'm doing it by the way. And I was like, take it. You can take 'em all off If that's what you wanna Do. I still on the hook. And I remember, I'll never forget it, we was at Kday in New York, Emini here, I'm sorry, in LA and Coach K walk in like, we doing an interview like this.


Coach K Walk in. He was like, I got it. And I was like, what? He's like, I got the JayZ verse me interview. I told the guy, I think it's Julio. So Julio, I said, Julio, you got, we stopped the interview. I was like, you gotta hold up. And I go outside And I told him to come in the hallway and coach played press play. And I heard that verse More than a hustler on the definition of it. Man, it never stopped. I loaded the kitchen covered. I was happy at first, but then I started thinking, damn. Yeah, he, you on it, it's okay. He invited you on that record. But it's okay. That's one of Jay-Z's best verses ever. Yeah, I was, I was, I was like, damn, okay, how did this work? You know? How does this work now? I think I got him back on scene at all though.


I think so. Yeah. Oh yeah. Yeah. Okay. Cool. So we good now for Thug Man, thug Motivation 1 0 1. Is there a record that didn't make the album 'cause of Clarence? Or for whatever reason that you said, damn, I wish that one made that album. Yeah, it was a bunch of like mix tape stuff that didn't make it. And the thing about it is like the album really got pressured out, you know what I'm saying? Because one of the interns who was up there who was trying to get his beats on the album will get a beat on the album. You know, I never did anything on his records And I left my drives at Patchworks. So I guess he got mad and leaked the album four weeks before it came out. So now Bell's Palsy, vocal chords, all, all these things happened at once and now the albums leak.


So now I'm sitting there and I'm like, what am I going to do? Because now I gotta think of the next plan so I can't go back to the streets, you know what I'm saying? Because now I'm like, damn, like this is it. And I never forget, I went to Patchworks, you know, I caught a lawsuit. I say that, you know what I'm saying? Because I had to Read the book, right? Adversity for Sales System. Read the book. The book, right. And, and you know, actually it helped me, you know what I'm saying? So you know what they say, no, no Weapon, you know, formed against me. So possible helped because it went to all the bootlegs and it spread it everywhere. And the thing that I had the most anxiety about out of everything was I had to pick a single right and on mix tapes, traffic that he pick it for you.


So by the time he leaked it and it was already going, I didn't know what I was going with. I was still pushing Trap or Die, the song and the label called me and Shaki called me. He's like, yo, we, he's like, yeah, you can shoot Trap or Die if that's what you wanna do. We're shooting Soul Survivor, how do you wanna shoot the video? Came to Brooklyn, shot the video. Everybody showed up. Ho Jim Jones, Cameron, you name it. It was crazy. It was festive. And when the video came out, it was gone. And I didn't real And I told, I was telling somebody that I knew Acon from being around the way, 'cause it was like him and Boo, I couldn't tell him apart. Right. You know what I'm saying? So I didn't realize he was that big overseas And I didn't.


And then this was the first collaboration that I've ever done. So I didn't realize doing a record with somebody that you can actually tap into their fan base too. Mm. On a national level, right. Or a global level. Right. And I ain't know that. So it went from me being there to walk through the airport, you know what I'm saying? 7:00 AM to catch my flight to like, now I'm walking through the airport, everybody hey Con and young G. And I'm like, where you from brother?


Hey, what up y'all? It's DJ Envy. The first few months of 2025 have been quite a year. Work deadlines, group chats, you can't escape. And your weird cousin's latest overshare. It's a lot. But here's some good news. You don't have to bring that stress into your car. The all new Nissan Murano is your piece on wheels, thanks to its available features. Imagine sliding into the relaxing, massaging seats that feel like they were made to melt your tensions. Take in the skyline views that let sunlight pour in and watch as your day brightens. I have a special playlist that always gets me right. And with the Bows premium sound system, you too can vibe like your at your own private concert. Plus with your 64 color personalized lighting option, you can set the mood any way you want. Be it romantic chill, or in a straight up do not disturb mode. Let the Nissan Murano be your oasis in a chaotic world because sometimes the greatest rush isn't rushing at all. Drive the all new Nissan Murano today. Panoramic moonroof, ambient lighting, bows and massaging. Leather appointed seats are optional features.


Camp Shane, one of America's longest running weight loss camps for kids. Promised extraordinary results. Campers who began the summer and heavy bodies were often unrecognizable when they left in a society obsessed with being thin. It seemed like a miracle solution. But behind Camp Shane's facade of happy, transformed children was a dark underworld of sinister secrets. Kids were being pushed to their physical and emotional limits as the family that owned Shane turned a blind eye. Nothing about that camp was right. It was really actually like a horror movie. In this eight episode series, we are unpacking and investigating stories of mistreatment and reexamining the culture of fat phobia that enabled a flawed system to continue for so long. You can listen to all episodes of Camp Shame one week early and totally ad free on iHeart True Crime Plus. So don't wait. Head to Apple Podcasts and subscribe today.


I'm Andrea Gunning, host of the podcast, betrayal Police. Lieutenant Joel Kern used his badge to fool everyone, most of all. His wife Caroline, He texted, I've ruined our lives. You're going to want to divorce me. Caroline's husband was living another life behind the scenes. He betrayed his oath to his family and to his community. She said, you left bruises, pulled her hair, that type of thing. No. How far would Joel go to cover up what he'd done? You're Unable to keep track of all your lies. And quite frankly, I question how many other women may bring forward allegations in the future. This season of betrayal investigates one officer's decades of deception lies that left those closest to him questioning everything they thought they knew. Listen to Betrayal on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts or wherever you get your podcasts.


DNA test proves he is not the father. Now I'm taking the inheritance. Wait a minute, John, who's not the father? Well, Sam, luckily it's you are not the father Week on the okay Storytime podcast. So we'll find out soon. This author writes, my father-in-law is trying to steal the family fortune worth millions from my son, even though it was promised to us. Now I find out he's trying to give it to his irresponsible son instead. But I have DNA proof that could get the money back. Hold up. So what are they gonna do to get those millions back? That's so unfair. Well, the author writes that her husband found out the truth from a DNA test They were gifted two years ago. Scandalous. But the kids kept their mom's secret that whole time. Oh my God. And the real kicker, the author wants to reveal this terrible secret, even if that means destroying her husband's family in the process. So do they get the millions of dollars back or does she keep the family's terrible secret? Well, to hear the explosive finale, listen to the okay Storytime podcast on the iHeart Radio web, apple Podcast or wherever you get your podcasts, Rick Up man, we love you.


I'm like, oh man, wow. You know what I'm saying? So it was love and it was just like, one thing I can say about the boy con, he different, you know what I'm saying? Because he's over there, you know, Emini here, they love him. You know, I've did shows with him in Africa and I'm like, okay, like what is going on? Nobody knows who I am. Right? They know who you are. And he was like, you gotta be over here a little bit more. And I love that. You know what I'm saying? And, and we, over the years, he hit me up, you know, over the years we always stayed locked in. He hit me up the other day. It was like, yo, we number one on TikTok. I don't even know what that mean, but I'm like, yeah, that's it. Full record Soul Survivor Survival. Oh, oh wow, wow, wow. We was still kicking it with Jeezy. Jess, I'm shocked that you didn't know that you was such a sax symbol.


I'm really sitting here like you. How did you not even Emini here, you know, like in the, you know, like, I didn't know that then. Okay. You know what I'm saying? 'cause you gotta think like, back then when I was doing, you know, I was, I'm five eight, I was two 60 skin bad. I wasn't drinking water. My, my diet was Waffle House and Chris Dial. Mm. You know what I'm saying? I'm partying all day. 'cause I, I didn't know if I was gonna be home. You built a snowman. For real. Yeah, I was in Big snow. But you know now, Oh yeah, yeah, yeah. No, I get it now. Emini here. Even on the intellectual level, like I know that, you know, I can sit down and spar with the best of Emini here. I know that for a fact. Oh yeah, we Saw you with Nia Long. Yeah. I Shout out to Nia. Shout out to Nia. And then I Said, I was even saying a lot of women in the Common saying, oh, after the the divorce man, he looked even better after, after That.


Oh wow. I received that. I Was, I was saying that, but I know that that was like an intense time, you know, last year you going through all of that, even with, you know, the custody battle. Yep. Yep. That you did win and everything. Where are things with you on your ex now? Peace. That's good. Yeah. Peace man. I just, I'm, I'm all about understanding. I'm all about what's best for everybody. Yeah. The greater, you know, the greater good. And it just like, I'm just telling you like my life, I tell myself this every day. Like, man, this is amazing. Mm. I don't got no enemies, I ain't got no issues. I don't want no enemies. I don't want no issues. I just want peace. I just want joy And I just want freedom. I love my freedom. Yeah. You know what I'm saying?


Like, I love it. Like you just talk about, I came up here independently. I just called like I'm coming to The Breakfast Club, you know what I'm saying? Like, I ain't gotta check in. I ain't gotta, you know, I ain't gotta talk to no label. I ain't gotta do nothing and shout out to Def Jam, love y'all. But it just like, freedom and, and ownership is, is is everything. You know what I'm saying? Especially when you're talking art, you're talking culture, you're talking your mind. You know what I'm saying? Like, I've worked hard my whole life. This is like this, this is the season of me, you know what I'm saying? I'm putting myself first at all costs. You know what I'm saying? And it just like, my peace is everything. Like everybody that know me know that, you know what I'm saying? They call me and be like, yeah bro, like I love you, but don't call me with nothing crazy. You know what I'm saying? I wanted to ask, you know, how was that?


Because you are very private, very private person. Right. But that was so public. Right. Did that irk you at all, like everybody in your business talking about you? Well, I had to come to the realization that I know who I am and that nobody else can't tell me different. So long as I stayed on the path of integrity and staying true to myself, it wasn't nothing really to worry about. Because anybody that know me like Emini here, I, I even heard y'all was up here. Like, nah, I know, I know Jeezy, you know that. But that's, that's because my reputation exceeds me. I'm like, I ain't on, I ain't on nothing. You know what I'm saying? That's, I need to be, you know what I'm saying? And I'm not. So it's just like, it comes with the territory. You know what I'm saying?


He, he who wears the crown, it's just like, you know, people talked about Jesus, you know what I'm saying? They gonna talk about everybody. Everybody's not gonna like you. Now, if I'm a good person to you and you don't like me, then there's a problem. But if you don't like me because of what you heard or what you think, then I ain't none my spiritual business, I can't do nothing about that. You know what I'm saying? I can't even convince you 'cause your mind is made up. However, if you know me and, and, and we had some type of Interac interaction And I haven't done anything wrong to you, then that says more about you than me because now you judging. Now you judging me. There's no judgment here. 'cause I'm not perfect by far. But if I haven't done anything to you, then you can't take that position because, you know, the people around me got real love for me and my friends and in my circle.


Like, I never felt any type of just, but the people who wasn't for me. Of course. And that Emini here, that did me a solid. Now I ain't gotta even worry about cutting you off But yourself off. You know what I'm saying? Yeah. Would you rather get married again? Woo. Hit me up. I'm gonna be all the way honest. I love my freedom. Yeah. I love And it has nothing to do and it has nothing to do with anything in the past. Yeah, yeah, yeah. I just love my freedom. I got You. You know what I'm saying? Like, I love it. You know, I, I I think like partners are amazing. You know? I would think so. Even how did you feel when the internet said you was, you was trying to holler at Nia Long by any means necessary. They weren't lying. It was not lying. Right.


You said don't cheat. No hold, hold. She said, really? But what I went was Real men. I never cheated. Not like that. No, I don't cheat. That's, That's what you mean. Not like That. I'm saying like, that's low hanging fruit. If I'm locked in, I'm locked in. We ain't gotta be married. Like I'm just not a cheater. That's like, I'm not gonna cheat my friends. You know what I'm saying? I'm not, I'm not. That ain't in my blood. That's Real. But, But but when you say I was trying to holler. Yeah. I was, you know, but I had to be respectful 'cause I was still, you know, idolizing, You know what I'm saying? Got you. Got you, got you. It was hard. It was, it was tough. Got staying focused. They gonna link you with everybody now. Right? They gonna link you with everybody. We, we them link you with Cynthia Bailey other day when you did that.


No, they wouldn't Do that. They wouldn't do that. They sure did. We love Cynthia. Man. Shout out to Cynthia. That's her home girl. You know what I'm saying? Nah, nah, nah, nah. Now the other one. Yeah, everyth think is the finalized. I just said the other one. Spin The clock on that real quick. On who? Emini here on the other one. Oh, absolutely. Yeah. Everything is finalized and we good now I'm Gonna press Vogue. I'm gonna hit the park Button. You know what I'm saying? I'm not gonna play about that. Oh, So you Say we might see her at some of these shows? Emini here. Listen, She's invited tour. She's invited. She's, I know she has a beautiful black dress. She's definitely invited. There you Go. Right. I do want, I do wanna know what, what's the deep album cut that you really enjoy performing off dog?


Motivation 1 0 1, Man, Emini. Here listen bro, I can't get past bro. You know what I'm saying? To hit the Kitchen lights, cockroaches everywhere. And you gotta, you gotta wait till you hear this with the, with the symphony. You know what I'm saying? With the symphony. And, And I need, everybody know I'm coming through your city. I'm coming through your town. It's gonna be amazing. One night only and you gotta pull up. And going back to your other question about me reaching back out, I think it's more important for me to reach forward. So shout out to lisc, who I just partner with for my nonprofit space and, and shout out to the Urban League of Atlanta who I reached out with for my young CEO program.


Because it's like, What is lisc? I know you do that with the Scree Dreams Foundation. Yeah, LISC is, is, so we got two, two things going right now. We definitely got the prostate cancer campaign going on because I had a couple of friends that go through that. So we, we locked in there. But it's definitely for entrepreneurs, young entrepreneurs, you know, tech spaces, just you have it like we showing them how to set up their lives so that they can win. And same thing with the Urban League of, of, of Atlanta. Same thing. We got the young CEO program. You can go on my Instagram, check it out. You know, anybody from the age, what's it, what's the age's name? 17 to 24. And we setting it up, we putting them with mentors, all that.


And, and by the way, like this is who I am. Like I love this. And somebody asked me day, how do you do both? They all the same. You know what I'm saying? We still motivating. It's, it's all the same to me. You know, it just, we get to jump on the stage, but then we get to go help some people with prostate cancer. We get to jump on the stage and we get to go help mentor some kids. You know? I love it. And you and you saving people, you know, Emini here. People can live a much longer life if they just go well, And, and, And I, And I know I said this last time, but I gotta say it again 'cause you saved me brother. Shout out to Charlamagne for my New York Times bestselling book, adversity for Sale. Because I ran into a situation where I had a issue with the publishing company And I called Charlamagne's, like who published your book?


And he, he put me with somebody and we went on to sell a New York Times bestseller. Congratulations. Yeah. So thank you Congrat, my Brother. You brother. Thank you for all the years of motivation with the music mess, right? Yeah. We appreciate you for joining us man. And I appreciate you guys. And where they gonna get tickets? Oh, you Go to, to Jeezy. It's a TM 1 0 1 Live T1 live do com. Dot com. That's Right. Yes sir. We appreciate you for joining us. Let us know you're in New York, we, we definitely Pulling up. Oh yeah. And I wanna say this before I leave New York is gonna be lit because I'm actually officially closing down the Apollo. I'm doing the last show there until they do the renovation. So they're gonna sit down for the rest of the year. So I will be having an official last show at the Apollo. It's gonna be crazy. Look on the website to find out when I'm coming through your city.


Shout out to The Breakfast Club, shout out to you all. Yeah, well there you have it. Yes sir. It's Jeezy, it's The Breakfast Club. Good morning y'all. Now let's get right to the latest with Lauren. Lauren becoming a straight face off. She gets them from somebody that knows somebody, some, She gets the Details. I'm the home girl that knows a little bit about everything. She be having the latest on the latest with Lauren la Sometimes she have, sometimes she have details, sometimes she have a little bit of everything. Well, what's the latest on The Breakfast Club? Talk, talk to me. So on this hour I wanna talk a bit about Deion Sanders and send him some love and some healing energy because absolutely it has been reported that he is dealing with an unknown health issue.


And because of this health issue, he has not attended any of the summer football camps. So per USA, today's Brent Scro Broer, I'm prob I know I said that wrong. I'm sorry. I'm sure Saunders Deion Deion Saunders has remained at his estate recently with the unspecified illness as Colorado opened up Summer football camps last week, Boulder. So the summer football camps kicked off on June 3rd. Now, Dion Saunders Jr. And this is reportedly because I cannot find this video anywhere, but it is reported via U-S-S-U-S-A today and Brent, that Dion Saunders Jr. Was on a live stream where he was asked about his dad. This was Sunday. And he said that his dad was resting at their home and Canyon, Texas. And he was feeling well.


And his son also said that Deion Sanders himself will tell us soon enough what he is going through and what he has been through. Now, Deion Sanders did speak out about his health not too long ago, it was May 30th. He was on say, what needs to be said with Asante Samuel. Let's take a listen to that. I hope you're feeling better. And one thing I wanted to say, have you ever tried to fast before you ever fast use fasting? Yeah, I, I have. But what I'm, what I'm dealing with right now is a whole nother level is it's a whole nother level. Alright. You know what, honestly, I've done no media. I've done nothing for how long now? For, for a minute. So coming on with you is something I ain't been in front of nobody for a minute. See, I, I lost my 14 pounds.


Like, like I'm coming back. But I, I needed this man, I needed this exchange. That energy. Get that energy. Yeah. Because I haven't had the energy. I got Red Con, you know, I endorsed this too, so, you know, but I appreciate I needed this, I needed this interaction. Sending nothing but healing energy to prime time, man. Absolutely. Shout to Coach Prime. Hopefully feeling better, Man. Yeah. Yes, hopefully. So. And I will say too, Deion Sanders Jr. Let, 'cause people were wondering too when he was gonna go over to the camps and he said he is waiting for his dad and then he'll head on over to the camps once his dad is going as well too. Gotcha. Now in other news, Simon Gu Garbaria, GIA Gu In that name, that's what you're doing.


Always. The estranged husband of Porsha Williams from Royal House of Atlanta has been deported to Nigeria. So y'all remember back in February he was taken into ice custody? Yes. And it was a big deal because him and Porsche had been going back and forth with this whole divorce. All of the things. Well, Simon's business partner, a woman named Tay Vet, told us weekly that it went down and she didn't specify when it happened. But I spoke to a source, shout out to Michelle, a TL Elliot, who's a, a big blogger in Atlanta. I spoke to her who told me it actually happened Friday. They moved him from one location where he was originally detained to Atlanta and now he's no longer listed in the Homeland Securities like ice system.


So he's officially no longer in their custody because he was deported. Now they asked him, they asked her how he was feeling. She says that he's in good spirits and that he's not mad at Donald Trump. He actually wants to sit down and have a conversation with Donald Trump. All Nigeria is a beautiful country. Okay. Go to Nigeria to vacation. All right. So he, there's much worse places he could be deported to. Very much so An El Salvador prisoner if he wants to visit. Right. Okay. Nigeria, Jesus, ain't he from Nigeria? Yes, he's from Nigeria. He's from Nigeria. I also was told that he has a dual citizenship in Dubai as well. But he was saying, I Wonder how that works though. Like when you get deported to another country, are you allowed to just go, go back and forth deported to Your country? Yeah, he's deported to your country.


He's a citizen of Dubai and Nigeria. So he can go back and forth. He just can't come here. Yeah. So he could have, so he had a choice. He could have left. I asked every Nigeria and Dubai. I don't know if they gave him the option of where he wanted to go or not. Yeah. But I did ask that question And I was told that he can go back and forth between Dubai or anywhere. He just cannot come here to as to what Envy said. But the reason why they, they asked him about the whole Trump situation is because when he was, when he was taken in, he was taken in as a part of like the government's like huge sweep that was happening. And then they created these shirts trying to help other people who were going through issues with ice, get money for lawyers and all that stuff. But fast forward people were probably like, well how does this play into the divorce or, or what they're going through. So him and Portia, I'm told are actually going to be in court today figuring out some things and he, he's gonna appear in court via Zoom.


Oh. He was of course given permission to both of them would be via Zoom. They were given permission to do so because of the circumstances. But they're, they're gonna be hashing some things out still. He has some stuff he needs to, they gotta Figure out of. That's gonna drive him crazy to see Portia on that zoom looking good. I know. You know, Portia gonna be on that zoom looking good. That's what's gonna make him try to get back into the country crazy. Right. That's, that's what's gonna make him wanna be back in the country. Okay. Well I was also told that he agreed originally to the, because remember when Portia was here and on the, I Don Dunno if you guys remember when all the things happened. She had been saying that 'cause we were trying to blame her for the reason why he had gotten deported. And from what what I was told was that actually he agreed to the deportation order because he didn't wanna fight it.


He would've been detained for longer. So he just agreed. Agreed. He ain't got no choice March. He could've stayed there, but he just wanted to be, just get me outta here from What I'm told. Thank you. Yeah. Told he could've fought it if he, he could have fought it if he wanted to because he's been in the US for 35 years. My source says he actually has a green card and they confiscated all of his things, his laptops, his computers and all these things trying to find what they alleged were gonna be scammed. And according to the person I spoke to, they found nothing. So he could have fought it from what I'm presented with and he decided not to 'cause it was gonna, it he would've been sitting longer. Yeah. Nigerians don't really be doing that no more. What? I trying to stay scamming like the get them emails all the time.


I haven't seen them. I That's an old stereotype that don't that don't they They ain't doing that. But like Charlemagne said, I, he could go to Nigeria. He could go to Dubai. As long as it ain't a prison in El Salvador, he'd be hot. Yeah. Jeff said what? Trying to stay like they Yeah. I, I thought he was talking. That'll be trying to stay over here. And for all the people that think the country is trending downward, you know, they, they, they, there's people looking for places to go, you know. Mm. Here in Nigeria. Well, Well we'll be back with some more on this because in, in, in their zoom call today, they're gonna be having a conversation about the prenup and enforcement of the prenup. So I know Porsche gonna be on there looking like an ice cream sandwich. I'm telling you he's on purpose too. Watch she going be on there looking her absolute best. Yeah. And he going to be trying to swim his way back over here.


So, So she has everything 'cause he's not here. She got the, cause she got the, the crib she got, he got everything in the house. Well remember when she was here she said that, that she still wasn't allowed to film in the house. And there's still a lot of things ain't now though, but there's still a lot of things legally in place that she has to abide by because of what they're going through. So they're gonna be hashing it out these next couple days And I, I'll be bringing you guys some more Emini here. It's Not like he can take the house to Nigeria. You Give it up. I asked that. I said well why don't he just give rid of the house? He can't even come back to the house. Yeah. Unless He wanna sell it. Know how you know you gonna be like swimming to get back. Remember he, they was done with each other. They was being petty to each other. He was like nah, Like I Don't believe Him got got rid of a headache. Unless he wanna sell the house, he might need the money.


Emini Here. I don't know. I'm just saying I Don, I don't know his money situation. We'll find out the prenup. I'm sure today I'll What's happening? What's him today? It was Rich ass don't need No Nah, but I think when you get deported And I, I'm just talking, I don't know. I was about to say, I thought when you get deported they freeze your assets and everything. They don't do all that. It depends, depends on the reason you get de deported Simon. Well buddy yeah. If you do something illegally, damn I'm sure they that. But it's just the fact that you over stage your welcome. I don't have the answer to that question, but I will have more because I did reach out to his attorney. So I'm just waiting for her to gimme a call back. Emini here we got a lot of legal questions and I'm not an attorney so I wanna Know. Alright, well thank you so much for the latest with Lauren. You're welcome. Now when we come back, charm, who you giving your Don Man four after the hour we need Hitmaker Youngberg to come to the front of the congregation. I know that's right. I saw him in conversation with Lauren LaRosa recently and we gotta talk about it.


Yes. Wow. Alright, we'll get to that next. Yo sorry Lauren, it's The Breakfast Club. Good morning. It's totally Fine. Wake up. Wake up. You're locked into The Breakfast Club. You execution on the donkey of the day is something to, is it a read? They gave me Donkey of the Day And I deserve, the people need to know. Well you need to tell them I am because you have the voice. Tell them, tell them, tell tell. It's time for Donkey of the Day. It's a re but you're so good at it. You trying to be a fake ass Charlamagne there only won Charlamagne above damn Charlamagne. Who you giving Dusty today to now? Well, sexy Red Donkey today for Wednesday June 11th goes to hit Maker Youngberg.


You know who I'm talking about? Renowned producer. Okay. I saw an article this morning on a site called FL and they did a story on him and the headline was 77 million sold nine Grammy nominations. 9 billion streams. So congratulations to that young man. Drop on a clue. Bombs for Young Bird. He is a super producer in every sense of the word, but as you all know, the donkey today does not discriminate. See, this past weekend was BET Awards Weekend in la. Okay? The Breakfast Club sent our very own Lauren LaRosa LL Cool Bass. She was out there working what we call the media room. Okay? I was born in 1,978, been doing radio for 27 years. So I'm old enough to remember when it was just called the radio room, okay? All the different radio stations and radio shows from across the country would be in there interviewing various artists.


Well, times have changed, okay? The landscape has evolved. So now it's radio and podcasts, blog sites, all types of media. So we had Lauren LaRosa out there, she interviewed like 30 different people. We had 30 different people within two days and, And I was catching up on some of the interviews this week. I saw Jermaine Dupree, I saw Sierra, I saw Ou Bonton, all great conversations dropping on the clues bombs for Lauren LaRosa. Great job. But it was the interview with Youngberg hit Maker. Did I wish I was present for See Hitmaker sat down and he was expressing the fact that he believes Diddy should be free. Nothing wrong with that opinion. I'm sure Diddy is praying that there are people on the jury who feel just like Hitmaker.


Now none of us are legal experts, but when someone says to me they think Diddy should be free, I ask why. When somebody tells me they think Diddy should be locked up, I also ask why. Because if you make statements like that, they should be rooted in some information about the case. If they are rooted in your own personal feelings, you know, just because No Way Out is your favorite album. That's not a good enough reason. I know you had some great nights on Ciroc. I enjoyed making the band too. You cannot erase what Diddy brought to The World of entertainment and lifestyle, but none of that has any bearing on his case. But let's listen to what Hit make's reasoning was. But what is he really guilty of? I don't think he should be in jail. Why you don't, why don't you think he should be in jail?


He just a freaky, he just a freaky, freaky ass. You know n word, he just a free, free him. I ain't gonna lie, free him. I don't approve of nothing that he did or whatever, but I just think that he was just doing some, some nasty stuff, bro. From what I heard, I might not have all the intel. You got all the intel, but I think he was just high and tripping. Like that's all it really is. But in my personal opinion, Lauren, I think that I don't have enough details, but I honestly think that he should be in these streets, be in these streets. He should be, he should be at home. He shouldn't be like, I think that what if you think about the Epstein and all the other different people, whatever they didn't, they get house arrested. Something like that Hit maker.


You should have stopped that. I don't have all the intel you said outta your own mouth. You didn't have all the details yet. You kept talking. Listen to me. If you ever thought to yourself the opinions you read on social media couldn't possibly exist in real life, then you now have exhibit A. Okay, Hitmaker gave us all the YouTube lawyers greatest hits. I don't approve of what he did when he shouldn't be in prison. He was just freaky. And what about Epstein? What about him? Did Epstein get house arrest? That's the question you asked. The answer is no. Okay. Not for his 2019 federal sex trafficking charges. Okay, he requested release on bail. He offered to wear an ankle monitor and stay posted up in his Manhattan mansion.


But the judge denied him, said he was too big a flight risk and a public danger. These are just simple facts that one can research if they choose to. Once again, you can have your opinion on whether Diddy should be free or not, but if you're gonna express that opinion publicly, let it be rooted in something real, some type of factual information. Now, none of what you heard just now is the reason I chose to give Hitmaker Donkey of today. Okay? It was this statement he made as him and Lauren LaRosa were going back and forth on the Diddy situation in regards to the man who killed George Floyd. Derek Chauvin. Let's listen. Yo man, I I just think that, you know, it's kind of crazy and it's very like insane what he got going on.


But like, I seen like it's people that the the guy on George Floyd neck, is he in jail? I think, no, I don't think he was in jail. What? Play that one, one more, just one more time. Red. Play that one more time for me. Yeah man, I, I just think that, you know, it's kind of crazy and it's very like insane what he got going on. But like, I seen like it's people that the, the guy on George Floyd neck, is he in jail? I think, no, I don't think he was in jail. Damn. You know, Hitmaker said he didn't have much information on the Diddy case. Hitmaker, you don't seem to have much information on anything, okay? I don't understand how people speak about things they don't know anything about with such confidence.


What do you mean? Is the guy who killed George Floyd in prison? Derek Chauvin got 43. His okay, 22 and a half years in state prison for unintentional second degree murder. I don't even know how it was rude, unintentional. But the sentence exceeded the standard guideline due to Derrick's abuse of authority and the cruelty displayed then he got sentenced federally to 21 years for violating George Floyd's civil rights, including kneeling on his neck even after he became unresponsive. And no sentences will run concurrently. Adding up to 43 mi 43 years Hitmaker. You don't even know, you don't even need to know all those details. But the fact you didn't even know Derek Chauvin, George Floyd's killer was in prison is exactly the reason why I don't talk to niggas after 5:00 PM Okay?


And he said it like we were playing spades and he had nine. And I possible like he just knew he had a winning hand when he said that. Like he said it like he had the big joker, the little joker, the Duc of Diamonds. Ace of spades. Emini. Here is the guy who killed George Floyd in prison. Yes. Yes. Okay, look, if you're going to use the double standard argument, then find some cases that are the equivalent of Sean Combs. Okay? The former CEO of Abercrombie and Fitz who was charged with sex trafficking and interstate prostitution is a way better example. But that's not the debate. Hitmaker, how you don't know Derek Chauvin is in prison. Okay, seeing police officers going to prison for killing black men is a rarity in this country.


So you should know Derek Chauvin was in prison. There was a $27 million civil settlement reached in the George Floyd case, the largest pretrial civil rights settlement in US history. The George Floyd case sparked one of the largest protest movements in US history. But you didn't know the man who killed Derek Chauvin was in prison. Reggie, you gotta let me hear it again. Just one more time. One more time. Yo man, I, I just think that, you know, it's kind of crazy and it's very like insane what he got going on. But like, I seen like it's people that the the guy on George Floyd neck, is he in jail? I think, no, I don't think he was in jail.


Shh Nigga. Harsh. Be quiet. Better to remain silent and be thoughtful than to speak and remove all doubt. You know how to make hits but you don't know how to make sense. Okay, I have another name for you now how about Young Clueless r hit. Make it up as he go. He's got a new album, eight oh eights and Bad Takes coming soon. Please give youngberg AKA hit maker. AKA young clueless the biggest. He haw. Yeah, that's crazy. I'm telling you I'm calling him Young Clueless from now on. Young, clueless and hit. Make it up as he go. That is his new name.


Oh God. Alright, well thank you for that donkey Today. Now when we come back running for mayor of New York City Zoro.


Hey, what up y'all? It's DJ Envy. The first few months of 2025 have been quite a year. Work deadlines, group chats you can't escape and your weird cousin's latest overshare. It's a lot. But here's some good news. You don't have to bring that stress into your car. The all new Nissan Murano is your piece on wheels thanks to its available features. Imagine sliding into the relaxing massaging seats that feel like they were made to melt your tensions. Take in the skyline views that let sunlight pour in and watch as your day brightens. I have a special playlist that always gets me right and with the Bows premium sound system, you too can vibe like you're at your own private concert. Plus with your 64 color personalized lighting option, you can set the mood any way you want. Be it romantic chill, or in a straight up do not disturb mode. Let the Nissan Murano be your oasis in a chaotic world because sometimes the greatest rush isn't rushing at all. Drive the all new Nissan Murano today. Panoramic moon roof, ambient lighting, bows and massaging. Leather appointed seats are optional features.


Camp Shane, one of America's longest running weight loss camps for kids. Promised extraordinary results. Campers who began the summer and heavy bodies were often unrecognizable when they left in a society obsessed with being thin. It seemed like a miracle solution. But behind Camp Shane's facade of happy transformed children was a dark underworld of sinister secrets. Kids were being pushed to their physical and emotional limits as the family that owned Shane turned a blind eye. Nothing about that camp was right. It was really actually like a horror movie. In this eight episode series, we are unpacking and investigating stories of mistreatment and reexamining the culture of fat phobia that enabled a flawed system to continue for so long. You can listen to all episodes of Camp Shame one week early and totally ad free on iHeart true Crime Plus. So don't wait. Head to Apple Podcasts and subscribe today.


I'm Andrea Gunning, host of the podcast Betrayal Police. Lieutenant Joel Kern used his badge to fool everyone, most of all. His wife Caroline, He texted, I've ruined our lives. You're going to want to divorce me. Caroline's husband was living another life behind the scenes. He betrayed his oath to his family and to his community. She said, you left bruises, pulled her hair, that type of thing. No. How far would Joel go to cover up what he'd done? You're unable to keep track of all your lies and quite frankly, I question how many other women may bring forward allegations in the future. This season of betrayal investigates one officer's decades of deception lies that left those closest to him questioning everything they thought they knew. Listen to Betrayal on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts or wherever you get your podcasts.


DNA test proves he's not the father. Now I'm taking the inheritance. Wait a minute, John, who's not the father? Well Sam, luckily it's you are not the father Week on the okay Storytime podcast. So we'll find out soon. This author writes, my father-in-law is trying to steal the family fortune worth millions from my son, even though it was promised to us. Now I find out he's trying to give it to his irresponsible son instead. But I have DNA proof that could get the money back. Hold up. So what are they gonna do to get those millions back? That's so unfair. Well, the author writes that her husband found out the truth from a DNA test they were gifted two years ago. Scandalous. But the kids kept their mom's secret that whole Time. Oh my God. And the real kicker, the author wants to reveal this terrible secrets even if that means destroying her husband's family in the process. So do they get the millions of dollars back or does she keep the family's terrible secret? Well, to hear the explosive finale, listen to the Okay Storytime podcast. On the iHeart Ready Web, apple Podcast or wherever you get your podcasts. Anquan me ani. He'll be joining us this morning.


He was, he's basically started from the ground up, knocking on doors. He'll break everything all down of how he's very high up in the polls right now. So we'll talk to him next. Don't go anywhere as The Breakfast Club. Good morning, The Breakfast Club Morning Everybody. It's DJ Envy. Just hilarious. Charlamagne the guy. We are The Breakfast Club. We got a special guest in the building. He's running for mayor of New York City. We have Zoran Kwame Ma. Nailed it. Nailed it. That's that. You gave him a great tutorial right before we started. And I take it you don't know ask. That's right. That's what I do. I was gonna say it was off the top of the dome, but Said the story. I did see a video.


Before we get into politics, I did see a video. You are a rapper, you got a bop, you got a bop on your Hand. I was, I was an aspiring rapper. Aspiring rapper. Nobody will vote for you. Based off what I heard that Rapper and that's why I'm not a rapper. Make up the quality of that rap. Nobody knows you see you To be, to be the mayor, you have to know what you know and know what you don't know. Got you. And I learned quickly what I didn't know, you Really wanted to like pursue a rap career at one point There was a point, there was a point Emini here. It was, it was at the level. So I was born in Kampala, Uganda Okay. In East Africa. And there was a point where there was a guy I grew up with, he's like my brother. The two of us were rapping together And I was trying to sell mix tapes on a public bus, which doesn't leave until it fills every single one of the 14 seats.


That's how much we were trying. Wow. And here I am. 'cause it didn't really work out all that well. It was Kinda like yingying twins where they were whispering. I liked, I heard, I, I liked Was there an inspiration for you? The Yin Yang twins, the whisper song? I have to say that was an inspiration for the, the song I made called Nani. Yeah. But I think, you know, for me it was, it was also a way of just telling the different stories of what I grew up with Got. And, and especially in Kampala, you know, I'm, I'm Ugandan of Indian origin. The guy that I grew up with, his name is Abdul. He is Ugandan by way of South Sudan. It's all these different cultures coming together. We were trying to mix it all in. And then when I was here in New York City, just trying to kind of this, the song that I made was a testament to my grandmother.


Gotcha. And how she's a real badass. And how so often when we talk about our elders, we put them in a box of a nice gentle person who, you know, is very much constrained in how we imagine them. And I wanted to just be a little more absurd in the celebration of a woman who gave me a sense of The World and was a social worker and should be a little more celebrated and Disciplined. You love that. And disciplined too. You Know, a few, a few slaps in Jackson Heights hurt nobody. Oh you got Slack in the video, you got old school discipline. Yeah, that's What's up in that video. Yeah. Not by my grandmother. So question in real life, when you do make the pivot to you know, do what it is you're doing now, do you say to yourself, alright, scrub all that shit up the internet. We gotta get rid of that. No, because I, I think that it's, it's about being a real person, you know? Like I, I enjoyed that time in my life and ultimately I actually see a through line between that work and this work in that you're trying to tell a story.


Got you. And you know, when you're trying to sell a mixtape or you're trying to get somebody's signature to get on the ballot at six 30 in the morning, you know, at the Broadway stop of the NW in Astoria, it's the same thing where you're asking someone, can I have a moment of your time to tell you about my story or our story? And it also means learning how to deal with rejection very quickly. Got you. Because once you've, once you've tried to be an artist, once you've tried to be a rapper, you know what it means to be humbled. Yeah. A regular basis, right? Yeah. Like, you know what it means to be the opener to the opener, to the opener. To the opener, to the opener. And I think too often in politics, there's a real sense of self as if people should be excited to see you, when in fact you should be excited to see them. Right. We shouldn't be lecturing people as much as we should actually be listening to them.


Right. And I think that, you know, struggling through being an artist, it was very helpful in learning that. What got you into politics? 'cause some of your policies that you want that we'll discuss, I don't see happening, but I love it. So let's start how you got into politics at first. So the, the first time I knocked on doors was in 2008 for Obama. The first time I knocked on doors in New York City was when I picked up a copy of the Village Voice. And I saw that one of my favorite rappers, hemes had endorsed his childhood friend for city council. And I was like, oh, this guy would be the first South Asian elected official in New York City. His name was Ali Nudge me. And so I got on the F train, I went to one 69th And I knocked on doors for Ali. And that was the moment where I started to get involved in local politics. I joined a club called the Muslim Democratic Club in New York.


And then in 2017 I worked on my first race that was for a Palestinian Lutheran minister in Bay Ridge called Color Ete. And that just changed my life. 'cause you know, I moved to the city when I was seven. This is the city I fell in love with the city where I got my citizenship, where I got married. And yet there was also a point where I knew I was a New Yorker. I didn't know if I had a place in New York City politics. I thought those two things were separate. And then there was this campaign, which showed me that there was room for all of us and you didn't actually have to give up any of yourself to be a part of it. And, and that inspired me to, to understand that politics isn't just something that you believe in, it's also something that you do as an active thing. And, and from there I kept working on campaigns.


And then in 2020 I ran for the state assembly And I represent a story in Long Island City. Wow. You know, the USA, the USA today asked the question, and the question is simple, can A A OC back socialist upset Andrew Cuomo in the New York City's Mayor race? I want you, I want you to answer That question. There's a short answer, which is yes. Okay. And there's a longer answer, which is the fact that New Yorkers are hungry for a different kind of politics. We have seen the same politicians with the same ideas lead us to the same results for decades. And this is in many ways a question of whether we want to go back to the past or whether we wanna go to the future. And our campaign is one that sees this city under attack in two ways.


An affordability crisis on the inside where the most expensive city in the United States of America, one in four New Yorkers are living in poverty. The rest are living in a permanent state of anxiety about whether they can keep affording this city. And then we're under attack from the outside from a Trump administration that is hell bent on going after not only New Yorkers, but frankly democratic cities across the country like we're seeing in Los Angeles right now. And I am going head to head with Andrew Cuomo, a former governor who's the son of a former governor whose super PAC is funded in large part by the same billionaires who put Donald Trump back in the White House. That's not the kind of person who can stand up to authoritarianism without seeing a reflection of themselves.


We need someone who will actually fight both of these crises at the same time. And that's why I believe that, that I can win. And I'm so excited to have Congresswoman Ocasio-Cortez endorsement in doing that. We're still kicking it with Zoran Kwame Ani, he's running for mayor of New York City. If you were the mayor and you see what's going on in la how would you handle that problem if there was protestors, they were, you know, breaking stuff, looting, smashing police cars, vandalizing things. Of course Trump sending the troops. How would you handle that if you were mayor of New York City? And that actually happened here. I think First and foremost, you call it what it is, it's authoritarianism. This is the way from his pregnant wife nor, and has since been in an ice detention facility in Louisiana, wasn't able to even witness the birth of his, of his first child dean.


And we have another New York City public high school student named Dylan, who was snatched at a regular check-in at Federal Plaza, is now hundreds of miles away from his mother and his two siblings. And this is personal for me 'cause I got my citizenship just blocks from where those arrests are happening. Those blocks used to be my favorite part of New York City. It's where I got my citizenship, where I got married. And those are now the same blocks where when I took my father for his immigration interview this year, I hugged him so tight because I didn't know if I was gonna see him in the afternoon. There are too many New Yorkers who are feeling that. And so I think you, you call this what it is, you also make clear that Trump is reversing historical precedent in that calling the National Guard is typically something a governor requests of the president.


It's not something a president puts on a governor. And Kathy Hoel is someone who, as the governor of our state, has been able to fight Donald Trump and defend a lot of his potential attacks on this state. One of the first things I would do is work with her to make it clear that this has no, this has no room in our city. And our police force should not be assisting ice in what they are conducting. You know, we recently saw arrests where the NYPD was then arresting a pastor and other New Yorkers who were observing ice, arresting migrants coming in for their check-ins. We don't need to be accomplices to authoritarianism. We need to show that there's another way of, of running this city in this country.


And, and that's who I'm excited to be. Lemme ask you a question, right? Why is Donald Trump the Democrats boogeyman? Because none of y'all are running against Trump. And to me, the biggest hurdle to the Democratic Party is the Democratic Party. The inaction of the Democratic Party over all of these years is the biggest hurdle for the Democratic Party. Now, I I don't disagree with you. That's part of my critique of Andrew Cuomo is that he's the very kind of leadership that helped give rise to Donald Trump. You know, before Donald Trump was the president of this country, before he was a reality TV show host, he was a real estate developer in New York City. And he was someone who both parties had room for and time for. And I think that our ability to accommodate the very kind of real estate developers that have broken law after law, after law is also part of what has given rise to an era of politics with no accountability.


Emini here, Andrew Cuomo had a video of Donald Trump playing at his own bachelor party. Like that's the level in which all of this is enmeshed together. And I'm trying to chart a new course with this campaign alongside thousands of New Yorkers for a politics that is clearly distinct from that of Donald Trump. And I think when, when New Yorkers are shocked at Donald Trump's record of cutting Medicaid, of trying to steal hundreds of millions of dollars from the MTA of giving tax breaks to billionaires of hounding the many women who have credibly come forward to accuse him. Those are the same things you could say about Andrew Cuomo. We don't need a reflection of that in New York City.


We need someone who is the opposite of that. And as a progressive Muslim immigrant who's willing to fight for the things I believe in, that's what, that's what makes me Donald Trump's worst nightmare. And I, I I saw you say that in the debate, you know, you would be Trump's worst nightmare. But once again, why should that matter to anybody voting for you now, becau, you're not running against Donald Trump. No. You, but but you are running against the authoritarianism that he's bringing to the city. So you Think Cuomo's an authoritarian? No, I think that there's too many commonalities between him and Donald Trump's record. And my point is that you don't want to have a mayor who has to pick up a phone call from someone who cut a $250,000 check to both him and Donald Trump.


You want to have a mayor who's willing to fight for the city and have the, that be the thing that he's ultimately responsible for. And I think to your point, we also have to be honest about how we lost this presidential election. You know, New York is the state that had the largest swing in the country towards Donald Trump. 11 and a half points. And it happened far from the caricature of Trump voters. It happened in the hearts of immigrant New York City. I went to Fordham Road in the Bronx, I went to Hillside Avenue in Queens. And when I asked New Yorkers there, almost all of whom were Democrats, who did you vote for and why? Many told me they didn't vote. Many told me they voted for Trump. And they told me they voted for him because they remembered having more money in their pocket four years ago for their rent, for their childcare, for their groceries, even for their metro card.


You remember how they feel? Yeah. And, and as insincere and ridiculous and horrific as we know, Trump's policy is to be, that is how people felt. Those are the decisions that they made. And when I asked these same New Yorkers, what would it take to bring you back to the Democratic Party, they said a relentless focus on an economic agenda. I said, what would you say to a candidate running to freeze the rent, make buses fast and free to deliver universal childcare? That I'd vote for 'em. And that's when I introduced myself. And that's my point here, is that there are some Democrats like Andrew Cuomo who think that we, we went too far left in in how we ran a campaign. And my point is that we actually betrayed working class voters a long time ago. And it's time to own up to that and finally fulfill the promises that were made decades ago.


Well that Emini here, that's interesting, right? 'cause you know, you say Cuomo and Trump have so many similarities, but Cuomo has been a career Democrat. And that's why I feel like anybody who is going to be the future of the Democratic Party, you do have to throw that old regime under the bus. 'cause it's not just Cuomo, but that Bus is gonna be free For sure. But it's because, but it's not just Cuomo in the Democratic Party. No, it's a lot of old leadership. Absolutely. It's the Chuck Schumers, it's the Bidens. You gotta throw all of that under the bus and run it over. And people have to hear you say that. 'cause I keep hearing y'all, you know, you keep talking about Trump, Trump, trump, trump, trump. No, but you, but your party has been just as ineffective and just as corrupt in a lot Of ways. Trust Me. I have. I hear you. Because I've been critical about the style of leadership that gave rise to Donald Trump is also a style of leadership within the Democratic Party.


And I think for too long it's been a party that has valued insider politics, pay your dues, the words and advice of consultants over the people that are Democrats themselves. And I do think it's time for a new generation of leadership. You know, Cuomo would be the oldest mayor elected in New York City. I would represent a completely new generation. And I think it's important for that because it's not just about age, it's not just about vision. It's also about what has your record been and who have you been fighting for? And is that distinct enough from what got us here? Well, if they wanna support you, how can they go out and support you? Well what I would tell 'em is come to Zoran for nyc.com. Don't donate to us. We've already raised the maximum we can spend in this campaign.


But do give us something more valuable, which is your time. We're building a team of 34,000 people, new Yorkers from all walks of life, knocking on doors, talking to their neighbors. Come on out, canvas, it would be a joy to have you. And I would also say that to the three of you wanna come Canvas, we'd love to have you as well. Thank you. Are we residents in New Jersey? So look, you know, just bring that corporate tax rate. Bring that corporate tax rate over from New Jersey. Don't Say that. When's the election? June 24th. Early voting starts June 14th. And we're confident we could win this, but only with the help of New Yorkers. Well, good luck. Thank you so much. Z Ron Kwame. Mama Donny. I appreciate Donny Ma. Hit it One more time. Hit it one more Time. All right. Z Ron Kwame Momani. There we go. There we go. My goodness. Time, My goodness.


Polls up. Let's get the polls up. There you go. Wow. It's The Breakfast Club. Good morning, The Breakfast Club. Morning everybody. It's DJ nv, Jess charm guy. We are the The Breakfast Club. Good morning. Hey. Hi. All right, let's get to the latest with Laura Lauren becoming a straight face man. She gets from somebody that knows somebody, she gets the details. I'm the home girl that knows a little bit about Everything. She be having the latest on you, The Lord the latest with Lauren la. Sometimes You have facts, sometimes you have details, sometimes you have a little bit Of everything. Well, what's the latest on The Breakfast Club? Talk.


Talk to me. So taking y'all to court real quick. R Kelly is asking to be released. He filed an emergency motion for prison release. He says he's alleging that prison officials teamed up with a man who is a gang leader, who has a terminal illness and a plot to kill him. So he is currently in North Carolina serving his 30 year sentence for sex crimes in North Carolina. Yes, he's in North Carolina right now. Wow. Serving his 30 year sentence for sex crimes. And according to documents that r Kelly's legal team just filed, they're alleging that there is a man last name Stein, who is a gang leader, a big gang leader. And that he has provided a sworn statement to them that prison officials offered him his freedom to spend his last days free if he would allegedly kill r Kelly.


Hmm. Now the way that this man says that this was supposed to go down is that he was supposed to kill r Kelly, allegedly. And then he would get charged for it. And then he alleges that prison officials were going to fumble the evidence and ultimately bury the case. They would then allegedly transfer him to another location where he would be allowed to escape and stay free. Now you might wonder, that Sounds crazy. It does. It does sound crazy. That sound Like a trapped in the closet series. Okay. Y Kelly wrote that. Well, you're probably wondering, well why would all, why if these, if this has being alleged of the gov, the prison officials, why would they wanna do all this? Yeah. Why would they want to kill r Kelly? So r Kelly's team is saying that all this is happening because they've been investigating whether r Kelly's rights were violated throughout the process of his trials and that they had a, they've alleged, they're alleging, they recovered some information that they, information that they were, and that this information was going to come out.


So this is a response allegedly to that. And the information, basically as Rielle Clary, who was a big witness for r Kelly's sentencing, and a woman named Shonda, who was a big witness in the Chicago case. These two witnesses, according to these documents and according to r Kelly's legal team, were flipped on r Kelly based on this like in-house informant. This in-house informant by the government allegedly went, Tori Clary went to Lashanda show, ASRA Clary some communications at r Kelly, emails, phone calls with another woman outside of Israel. 'cause y'all know she was dating r Kelly. Yeah. And they alleged that because of the communications that were shown, he then influenced her to be the government's key witness. And then she was able, she was put together with this informant, with the woman Lashanda, who then did the same so that the rights were violated.


They alleged that the government act like they didn't have anything to do with it, nor did they know what happened. Although they alleged, or Kelly's team was told his communications were stole during the trial. No one knew any details. And now that they know the details, this whole pot has come out. And the guy, his name is Mike Hill, Glen Stein, he says he will take a lie detector test and he will testify if he has To. I don't wanna be disrespectful, I really don't care. It just, it just sound like a lot of blah blah, blah. Yeah. I've tried to get the attorneys on the phone. That's who I was speaking with when I came in here. And I literally said to them, these are some really big claims. It seems like a movie. I would love to speak to someone And I haven't gotten a call back, but this is what they've alleged in these documents. And in which case is that? Because didn't he have two cases that are running concurrent?


So Which case is that? Sonos? Because one is 30, one was 20. He's in both cases. Both. But he's in North Carolina serving the 30. But both, 'cause RI was a huge witness in one and Lashanda was a huge witness in Chicago. Dang. Yeah. Yeah. And we, real, real quick, Diddy, because there's a, there's a lot that has been happening. I know we haven't, I haven't actually been in corporate. We've been talking about it. Yeah, that's what I'm interested in. Yeah. So which part do you wanna start with first? So Jayden Doe has been on, on, on, I guess she's been talking for the last four days. She's on trial for four days. That, that's not unnormal though. He's currently paying Somebody's rent. I don't even think Cassie had four days. Why? Get Him? Yeah. So he'll be homeless tonight. There's been a, there's been a lot that has been said in court.


So yes, Jane Doe is still the same Jane Doe that we talked about last on Thurs Thursday and Friday. Friday. And that's not normal. Like, you can, you can ask questions. There's no, there's no, like, they don't have like a time limit. Like they have to be able to present their cases equally and get their questions out. It Seems like them things new though. It seems like it's the same thing that she's been saying for the last four days. Right? Well, I think they're Emini here at this point. They're just, again, it's beyond a, beyond a shot of a doubt. So just wanna add more context, more color to it. But it has come out that she talks about, you know, not wanting to do freak offs allegedly. And, you know, wanting to be with Diddy herself. Her testimony is very similar to Cassie's, where she's like, I didn't wanna do these things. But she alleges that she did it because she was in love and she alleges that Diddy led her down this path of like drugs and this crazy lifestyle.


She did mention that Diddy, you know, pays her or was paying her rent and Her attorney. Right. And that she's still currently working with an attorney. That Diddy originally got her, allegedly because she was with him at the time that that Cassie video dropped. And she alleges that his team was scrambling to figure out an apology or basically what to say. And then following that after like, you know, Cassie filed her documents and things of that nature authority or the government approached her about wi being a witness or having a conversation. So he got an got her an attorney. All of Jane Doe have been horrible. All the Jane do's that I've heard the last two Jane doe's. They've, they've been horrible. It's crazy. Why you think, why you said That, that one that you talking about right now. She just sound like a, a scorned girl.


Like a scorned girl. She even said To me, she said that. She Said that, yeah, she said that she was, you know, she wanted to be with him in a bigger way and she was, she felt like she was just used for his like sexual exploitations. Didn't she also say She, things got a little difficult for them when he started dating young Miami? Oh yeah. She said that she was see young Miami, you know, being taken out to buy back basically living the lights off his girlfriend. Everything she was doing before. Yeah. Miami Came along and it was difficult for her, even though she alleges that, he told her in the beginning that he is dealing with multiple women. She says that once she started seeing it, it was difficult for her. And you know, that they had their, their their patches as well of like, you know, arguing and, you know, different things. But she wanted more from him. The Prosecution should have left it after Capricorn Clark because now it's just like excessive.


Right. Can you find him guilty by a reasonable doubt after you listened to the last couple of weeks? I'm not no lawyer. I'm just saying when you put any, when you put a little bit of doubt in people's mind, you know that that could have one person on that, in that jury be like, eh, Now, now also, does it seem like everybody that dated daddy that Diddy has dated, that's what you used to call him Daddy. That's you used to call him. Does it seem like, Let's stay here for a minute. Used To call him, has dated, has been involved with these freak calls. Did say Puff Daddy Just say daddy. Everybody that his studio Called Daddy's house Has dated Diddy, has dated, did. But you came up in New York in a different era when y'all used to call him daddy. Oh my. Now tell us more. When you taking the Stand, they used to call him Puff Daddy. They did go. Yeah, but you just said daddy, I didn't mean daddy.


I meant Judy Daddy. You're asking me Dated. Were they all involved? That freaked all, That's what it seems like, right? Father, The from father Used to call him Father Freak Father. We've only heard from Cat Father Freak Father Frank hate father freak Ag. We've only heard from a couple people envy, so I can't answer that indefinitely. But the people that we've heard from, they said that, like for instance, they brought up Kim Porter and they said that he treated Kim Porter differently and that things were different. But there have been women that Cassie and this woman's story are the same. But I did wanna send just a little, I guess PSA to everybody attending the Kendrick Lamar concert June 12th and 13th in Toronto. And Lauren don't, she don't even care about no segues.


Lauren, segue What Cut y'all. They wrapping me up. And y'all spend so much time on the fact that Envy calls Diddy daddy. I do not call Diddy daddy. You know what? You you, you could have just left it. You have to move to the next story. So fast. You talking about you. I You wanna go back to your daddy latest With Lauren. Thank you Lauren. She, now let's get to the People's Choice mix. I was trying to uplift It and have a little fun. Start with, I had a lot of fun. Jeezy was here earlier. Let's play some Jeezy in the mix. And he Trying to get out. 'cause I don wanna talk about Daddy no more B Club. Oh, You wanna take it out? The Breakfast Club Morning, everybody is DJ Envy, just hilarious. Charlamagne the guy. We are The Breakfast Club. It's still Pride Month. It is Pride Month. Right? And we gonna go on this gay ride for Pride.


All right, so I'm repping the girl K one. Who the artist. She's an artist. Yeah, she's an artist and she's dope. It's been rumored that she's Kalani's artist, but I can't find no nothing on the internet. No documentation saying that. But I just got put onto her music outta nowhere. I was sitting in the shop getting my head done and our music video came on. It's called Worst Behavior. And it was featuring Kani and they gave a mean tongue kiss at the end. This was last year. Dang. Really? It went viral. Yeah. They actually looked good together. They look alike a little bit. I think all light skinned people look alike a little bit. My bad envy. But yeah, they, they, it's all good. They, they look like they could be sister and brother, but they was tongue and down and, and and, and it looked good. I don't know if they messed with each other. I don't know. I did just see them recently go viral again, being seen out together or whatever at the BET shenanigans or whatever.


But yeah, shout out to K one Luther. K one Shorty Got crazy stud energy. Like yes. Worst behavior. Go look at that, at that, that music video. Listen to it. It's crazy. Okay, Shoot all the studs out there. Yeah, man. Nobody ever thinks about y'all during Pride month. She Look just like Eli. Oh word. That's, yeah, it is giving Eli and Drake like mix. She look good Without the beard of course. Without, oh no, yeah, yeah, yeah. No bear, no beard. Okay. Right straight sexy morning Everybody. It's DJ Envy. Jess. Hilarious. Charlemagne the guy. We are The Breakfast Club. Salute to Jeezy for joining us this morning, Man. TM 1 0 1 live 20th anniversary tour. You can go to TM 1 0 1 live.com to see if they're coming to your city.


I'm already telling you I'm gonna be in there. Okay? Because that is like a grown folks event. He want everybody to wear tuxedos. I know. Black tie. Yes. You know what I'm saying? And and he got a, a orchestra, a symphony orchestra. Yes. With Thug Motivation one on one. That's gonna be lit, Man. Come on Man. And I know he gonna look good in the suit, but his little bunion gonna be screaming by the third show if he think he gonna be doing this whole tour. And some slippery arrows. Y'all know that's some church shoes. So yeah, I can't wait to go and do that. But look, Pittsburgh, this Friday and Saturday, I will be there at the improv. We got four shows, two shows on Friday, two shows on Saturday. Get your tickets if you have not yet. Buffalo next week. Just largest official.com. Get them tickets. Meet me at Helium. That's next Friday and next Saturday.


We got four shows there as well. And then Monday the day after Father's Day, June 16th, the More Love Foundation presents Dad's on the Green Top Golf event in Baltimore City. We're honoring 50 fathers, my husband And I. We have a foundation or whatever, right? And this is gonna be our first official event and it's for Father's Day. So come out and fellowship with other fathers from 10:00 AM to 1:00 PM It's early, happy hour drinks, food giveaways, good music. Baltimore's own DJ KEB for the Vibes. And shout out to Fulton Bank. They will be there teaching guys about financial literacy, specifically about credit. So make sure that you're in the building Monday, June 16th for all the fathers out there in Baltimore. Alright? And also, I'm gonna be out in Atlantic City with Vibes Cartel this weekend.


Hey, our Vibes Cardell is doing a Father's Day weekend show Saturday. So, oh, That's this weekend. That's this weekend. I been out there. Yeah. Sonos Lu. The vibes cartel. Tell Yo it's so funny. Hmm. Tombo. Damn. Like he gonna go, yo, he always There. I was almost there all the Time. You been promoting this for like two weeks now, right? And he say damn until the day like this. Damn. Your positive note, man. Yo, it's hilarious. Listen, the positive note is simply this man, the universe is always giving you signs. I need y'all to know that. And I don't care if it's every day in your sleep. If you pay attention to your timeline and just conversations you have with people on the radio shoot sometimes if you look up you'll see 'em in the clouds, okay?


In epiphanies, right? Just pay attention to all the signs that you get and place them together and you'll notice a pattern. The universe is always communicating with you. Breakfast Club bitches. Y'all finish or y'all done


Camp Shane. One of America's longest running weight loss camps for kids, promised extraordinary results. But there were some dark truths behind Camp Shane's facade of happy, transformed children. Nothing about that camp was right. It was really actually like a horror movie. Enter Camp Shame, an eight part series examining the rise and fall of Camp Shame and the culture that fueled its decades long success. You can listen to all episodes of Camp Shame one week early and totally ad free on iHeart True Crime Plus. So don't wait. Head to Apple Podcasts and subscribe today.


I'm Andrea Gunning, host of the podcast, betrayal Police. Lieutenant Joel Kern used his badge to fool everyone, most of all, his wife Caroline, He texted, I've ruined our lives. You're going to want to divorce me. How far would he go to cover up what he'd done? The fact that you lied is absolutely horrific. And quite frankly, I question how many other women are out there that may bring forward allegations in the future. Listen to Betrayal on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts.


DNA test proves he's not the father. Now I'm taking the inheritance. Wait a minute, John, who's not the father? Well, Sam, luckily it's your not the Father Week on the Okay Storytime podcast. So we'll find out soon. This author writes that my father-in-law is trying to steal the family fortune worth millions from my son, even though it was promised to us. He's trying to give it to his irresponsible son. But I have DNA proof that could get the money back. Hold up, they could lose their family and millions of dollars. Yep. Find out how it ends by listening to the Okay Storytime podcast on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcast, or wherever you get your podcasts.


Over the years of making my True Crime podcast, Helen Gone. I've learned no town is too small for murder. I'm Catherine Townsend. I've heard from hundreds of people across the country with an unsolved murder in their community. I was Calling about the murder of my husband, the murderer is still Out there. Each week I investigate a new case. If there is a case we should hear about, call 6 7 8 7 4 4 6 1 4 5. Listen to Helen Gone Murder line on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts.


This is an iHeartPodcasts.