
Divorce can leave you feeling isolated, like you're stuck on an island with no direction, but you don't have to go through it alone. At Hello Divorce, we guide you step by step, offering everything from legal advice to financial planning, so you can find your way back to solid ground. Start your divorce journey with the support you need@hellodivorce.com because you deserve a better path forward.


This is Jenny Garth from I Do Part Two.


You could have lost 10 pounds already if you started one month ago. So are you ready to start today? Find out if weight loss meds are right for you in just three minutes@tryfh.com. Try Fh.com. Results vary based on start weight and adherence to diet, exercise, and program goals. Data based on independent study sponsored by future Health. Future Health is not a healthcare services provider. Meds are prescribed at provider's discretion.


This podcast is sponsored by Talkspace. You know when you're really stressed or not feeling so great about your life or about yourself. Talking to someone who understands can really help. But who is that person? How do you find them? Where do you even start? Talkspace. Talkspace makes it easy to get the support you need. With Talkspace, you can go online, answer a few questions about your preferences, and be matched with a therapist. And because you'll meet your therapist online, you don't have to take time off work or arrange childcare. You'll meet on your schedule wherever you feel most at ease. If you're depressed, stressed, struggling with a relationship, or if you want some counseling for you and your partner, or just need a little extra one-on-one support, Talkspace is here for you. Plus Talkspace works with most major insurers and most insured members. Have a $0 copay, no insurance, no problem. Now get $80 off of your first month with promo code space 80 when you go to talkspace.com. Match with a licensed therapist today@talkspace.com. Save $80 with code space eighty@talkspace.com


In Mississippi. Yazoo Clay keeps secrets. 7,000 bodies out there Or more. A forgotten asylum cemetery. It was my family's mystery. Shame, guilt, propriety. Something keeps it all buried deep until it's not. I'm Laren Campbell and this is Under Yasu Clay. Listen, on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcast, or wherever you get your podcast. Good morning. USA. Yo yo, Yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo, yo yo, yo yo, Jess. Hilarious. Good morning, Charlemagne. The God Peace to the Planet is Thursday.


Yes. It's Thursday. S right. I hear an echo. Your voice just died down immediately. Oh no. 'cause I could hear an echo, so I feel like I'm in a, a studio booth. But yes, I'm happy to be here. Blessed black and highly favored another day to serve our beautiful listeners. What's up Jess? How You feeling? I'm feeling good. I don't know if Lauren told y'all about the win event that iHeart gave the women in radio. Yes. Like two days ago. Yeah. It was like a speed dating event. It was really, really nice. And yo, you know, it's so crazy, right? So everybody saw everything play out last week, right? So at first I was like, nah, I ain't going. I'm gonna just chill out for a minute. Right? I don't think everybody need to see me right now. Everybody saw me last, last week, won lie. So I walk in and it's quiet, but it ain't quiet. 'cause I walked in. It's quiet because everybody's talking. It's not like a party event.


It's like you had to really engage and stuff. Right? Right. And so the first little white lady coming to me like, ain't Jan you all right? I'm like, yeah, I'm all right. Come on. Like, don't do all That, yo, come on. You have the head wrap on. Or You, I didn't. That's why I was like, I act like I got on the same head wrap and everything. And she was looking at my phone. I'm like, yo, I'm not on live, relax lady. It's okay. Why you mad at them? 'cause they proceeding with caution. They don't know. They just like, yo, let me see. Let me check the temperature. No, I wasn't, I Wasn't mad. I was like, oh. But then when I came in and it was, it was a really good event. And then you never know how many other women are going through things or just going through, you know? And then every woman there was vulnerable. It was great. It was, it was peaceful. It was like, after that I just, you know, felt the weight lifted and everything.


And all the women were, everybody's going through something dope. I seen the dope pictures you guys too. And I thought that was amazing. Shout Out to Agie Martinez. She's, That was a fantastic picture. Absolutely. And I love her. She, she's amazing. I went to dinner with her after. And let's Just say, yo, after the day, took a bitch, gallbladder out. I can't drink. I, I can't, I can't drink. I'm not confront. I called and, And I called the boss, Thea. She was like, yeah, I'm here with this. I was like, yeah, you see what time it is? She was like, yeah, we good. We gonna go out to a club after I said Go out after. Yes. They were trying to go to record room to do r and b Tuesday. Karaoke. Yes, karaoke. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. And it as fun as it sounded. And I'm like, ah, no, I can't get up. I can't just, did Angie provide you any advice that you could share with, with the air or you you wanna keep it to Yourself?


I'll keep it to myself. Okay. Yeah, Yeah. Yeah. But no, it was, it was a great dinner, a great event. It was a good day. So Salute to Angie Ma Sal. Yeah, definitely. Salute. Salute to Angie. Alright. Well, you know, yesterday it was International Day at my kid's school. And I'm not confront, I'm tired. I bet I'm tired. 'cause you know, they come out and, you know, every kid wears something that represents them. Shut. Shut up. Charlamagne. My daughter. They had 'em in Dominican Guard. No, there was no Dominican. You had 'em in white jeans. No, No. In New York Giants jersey. No. But the thing is, the teacher comes up, she's like, I just want you guys to know that this is gonna be 90 minutes. I'm like, 90 minutes. It was every bit of 90 minutes kids singing songs that they don't know. And you know, they, everybody brings their food. No disrespect.


I'm not eating anybody's food. Yeah. It's just, you know, it is what it is. But it was, yeah, You, you eat your own empanadas. That's right. I didn't have no damn empanadas. And Then you say, yo, you always agree too quick. That's right. Nah, no empanadas. But it was, it was a great thing. It's great to see the kids learning about their culture and other people's coaches. It was pretty cool. All Right. I gotta go to a musical this morning. Oh Yeah. Have fun. I am flowers. I'm happy to Be there. Did you get flowers for your Daughter? I will. I will have a bouquet of something. Something. You ain't get no flowers. No flowers. No. At all. No. I'll You heard that? That was a lie. Right? I'll, I'll, all right, well let's get the show cracking. Darnell Rawlings will be join joining us this morning. Hey, Darnell Rawlings was here yesterday, Charlamagne, and just missed it.


He was very nervous. Why? Because you guys weren't here. So he thought that you were playing. So every time the door opened up, he would shake. Oh God. See y'all. No, y'all, you and Charlemagne did that to that dude over years. Y'all always got something popping outta somewhere for him, right? Like, You know what I, but you know what I realized though? We treat him way better than the white people. When he going to white people shows he get booed. Okay? They tell him he a trash comedian, but at least we tell him that he good. But you know what? That's, he said that's part of the problem. He says he comes here and we play with him so much that everybody from every culture thinks that they can play with him. And that's why they boo him. And that's why they do those types of things. He was like, if we have more respect for him up here, people would have no respect for him in The World. So y'all Said the tone for this man.


That's what he Said. And that's Crazy. Y'all believe that Darnell Rodin's been around way longer than any of us messed up. Alright, We kind of did set the tone a little bit. Anyway, we'll kick it with Darnell. We got front page news. Next Morgan will be joining us since The Breakfast Club. Good morning. Morning everybody. It's the nv Jess. Hilarious. Charlemagne the guy. We are The Breakfast Club. Let's get in some front page news. What's up Morgan? Good morning everybody. Happy Thursday. How y'all feeling? Good. Feeling good. Peace, Morgan. Good. Good. Alright, let's get into it y'all. It's still Women's History Month, right? So President Trump, he honored the occasion, right? So speaking from the East room of the White House, Trump said women have expanded American, expanded the American dream throughout the country's history.


Let's take a listen to Trump. Throughout our history, strong, tough, visionary women have defended our flags, strengthened our communities, explored new frontiers, and expanded the American dream for all of our children, all of our children, and all of our people. Yay. So Trump said women are important to the country. Adding women today are helping lead the country into what he called the Golden Age of America. He also told the women in attendance that he believes they will be the next dominant leader. So shout out to all the women. It is still Women's history Month and with only five days left in the month, you honor? Yes. Alright, so in other front page presidential news, Trump is downplaying the signal group chat about the US attacks against the Houthis that were included.


A reporter. Now this comes as the Atlantic has published even more screenshots from the encrypted message service that showed exact times of us strikes in Yemen against the Iranian backed group. Now, despite that, Trump continues to slam the app, the journalist, the publication. And he expresses absolute faith in his intelligence officials. He claimed the media is missing the bi bigger picture, which is the success of the attacks. Let's hear those comments from Trump. The attacks have been very successful, even beyond our wildest expectations. We've, we've hit it very hard, very successfully. Yeah. Defense secretary, Pete Hegseth also slammed the journalist in the publication and said that these additional signal chat messages confirmed there were no classified materials or war plans shared.


Let's hear those comments from Hegseth. There's no units, no locations, no routes, no flight paths, no sources, no methods, no classified information. So this is arguable, You know, go ahead. You know, two things can be true, right? Attacks can be successful. But guess what? They wouldn't be if someone intercepted those messages on signal before they were able to implement the attacks Emini here. That didn't happen in this case, but it could happen in the future. Absolutely. That's right. So Atlantic editor Jeffrey Goldberg and a writer from the publication said that it's those type of comments, the slams and all of that that led them to releasing everything to the public so that they can decide for themselves.


Now, former intelligence officials are saying, usually when something like this happens, the person responsible for the leak would have their security clearance revoked. They would be removed from their position, and an investigation would commence to ensure there was no ill intent and it was in fact accidental. But yeah, you see what's happening here. Trump is standing 10 toes and supporting his intelligence officials in this regard. In other news, the Federal appeals court, a federal appeals court, is upholding an order blocking the Trump administration from deporting migrants under the rarely used alien enemies act. The two one decision happened on Wednesday with a panel of judges who opted out, who opted not to lift the order from the US district Judge James Boberg.


The judge had issued an order after the administration began deporting immigrants. It claimed were connected to a Venezuelan gang. The Justice Department urged the appeals court to block the order, calling it an infringement on the authority of the president in matters of national security. So Boberg is expected to rule soon on whether the there will be a longer injunction. Granted in that case, you know, that was the case of the deportees towards Venezuela and El Salvador. Whether or not that plane was deporting those migrants at the time before or after that judge issued the order. So right now, that block is standing and that judge will issue a full order on whether on, you know, what will happen with those, with migrants going forward and whether or not they can be deported.


So yeah, that's your front page news for 6:00 AM guys. 7:00 AM We're talking terrorists tariff talk. Y'all know we love it, right? No Said no. I know. We'll get ready. Look whether you like it or not, get ready. All right. And everybody else get it off your chest. 805 8 5 1 0 5 1 if you need to vent. Phone lines are wide open again. 805 8 5 1 0 5 1. Hit us up right now. It's The Breakfast Club. Good morning. The Breakfast Club. Hey, what doing man calling, This is your time to get it off your chest. Whether you're mad or blessed, 805 8 5 1 0 5 1.


We want to hear from You on The Breakfast Club. Hello? Who's this? Yo Envy, this is Jonathan. What's up Jonathan? Get it off your chest, brother. Alright man. I just want to say, ladies, man, stand by you, man. You know, it's hard to hear for a black man, especially emotionally, mentally. I just wanna say, man, don't give up so easy on the la on, on the brothers, man. What happened, brother? Talk to us. Right? Ain't ain't nothing really happened. I'm going through it my, with my lady, man. I'm emotional. Sometimes I get loud, but I don't see it as that. You know what I'm saying? I'm just saying we go through things that may not be to the eye with, with our women. You know what I'm saying? So I I just want to get off my chest and ladies, don't give up on your brother so easily.


Okay? All right. Well, And I wanna say hello to Jess. I wanna say what's up Charlamagne King to my day. The first thing I would say to you brother, is, is try your hardest. I know that you stressed out from The World, but a lot of times what we do is, is we bring that, that stress to the closest people to us. 'cause they're the people that we see the most and, and talk to the most. So I would say if you're being stressed on the outside world, whether it's work, whether it is paying finances, whether it is baby mama kids, try not to make sure you bring that stress out to your lady. It, it, it is not fair for her that she has to take the stress out of, of everything that you're going through. So even if you gotta breathe before you go in the crib, if you gotta smoke or you gotta speak to somebody, try to do that before you, you put that energy on her brother. Yes sir. Why? And if, if, if y'all will allow me, man.


I just want to shout out my wife Arielle Connor for being a rock for me. Go ahead brother. Girl, I love you. I take steps to be better for you, not just for you, for, for the family baby. I love you. Don't give up so easy on me. Alright Brother. Have a good one man. Be good. Alright. Y'all take care. You too. What'd you say Haw? I said why you just assume it's the man's fault? He sad. He said when we have conversations I yell at her. I raised my voice. Yeah, that's what he said. You don't be listening. Well, I got the music's playing in my head at the same time too. But I didn't hear him say it was his fault. I just hear him say they going through something. Oh No, no, no. You can definitely tell it his fault. He said don't give up on him so easily. Sometimes, you know, I yell, I get mad, I say things, you know what I'm saying? Yeah. So he might have heard our feelings and He's, well, don't listen to me 'cause I can't hear nothing.


'cause for whatever reason the music played at the same goddamn time as about Don't listen, don't talk. If you don't Know what you talking about, I can't hear Obviously. Hello. Who's this Good Morning Breakfast Club. This is Jordan, the weather. How are y'all? Good morning. What's up Jordan? You know what? Okay, so I called because I'm going to the Black Effect Podcast Festival in April And I got, what is that called? The Ultimate Fan Experience Package. Yep. I think that's what it's, yes. Okay. So can me and my fiance still take a picture with you backstage? Charlamagne, I can barely hear you. This is Jordan. Yeah, she wants to know. She can take a picture with you. She got the ultimate VIP experience at your podcast festival.


She must know she can take a picture with you. That's what that's for. Absolutely. So thank you for getting that. All of those are sold out by the way, but that's what that's for. So we definitely gonna take a picture together. Okay. Thank you. You know. Okay, one last thing. I just wanted to give a shout out to my mom because she is the strongest woman I know. Hey Mama. And I love her so much. What's her name? Amazing. Cher. Okay Cher. All. All right. Thank you. You have a blessed day. Thank you. Bye. Get it off your chest. 805 8 5 1 0 5 1. If you need to vent, hit us up now. It's The Breakfast Club. Good morning. The Breakfast Club. It's a new day. This is your time to get it off your chest.


Wait, wake up whether you're mad or blast, it's Time to get up and get something. Call Up now. (800) 585-1051. We wanna hear from you on The Breakfast Club. Hello. Who's this? Good morning y'all. This is Isha from Columbus. How you feeling? What's up Lyne? Get it off your chest. Who up there? Who are there? Charlamagne and Jess. Oh hi y'all. Listen Charlamagne, I got so to tell. Go Ahead. What's up? I can barely hear you try. I Saw Magazine Dreams yesterday. I cannot believe you lied to 20 million people like that. So you didn't like Magazine Dream? He can't hear you so you Ain't like Magazine Dreams. Oh that was terrible. Damn top level crash out with a little.


So wait a minute. What you Didn't like about it? Everything you Said he was a haw And I knew something was wrong as soon as it saying Zeus film. Oh my god, No. So that wasn't Jonathan Major's best role and it wasn't the best role ever. Nothing like that. No. Like he was one top level of Crabshaw. I don't wanna tell the movie for 'cause y'all really do need to go see it to tell me how bad it was. But You said he, you said he was a crash out. Yeah. Yes. Did he have, was he mentally unstable? Like what exactly was it? They should adult into his childhood a little bit to kind of explain why he's such a crash out. You know? Now I do. I do agree with you that they should have went deeper.


But they explained that his, he lost both his parents. Both his parents died. I understand that. But why is you idolizing a white man with men on your wall? Because he wanted to be a bodybuilder. He wanted to be Mr. Universe. But Why is he watching car? Why Looking at these men on the wall. Charlamagne Margo. He was watching porn. What girl? Yeah. Looking at the men on the wall Every night. And you said that he was a crash shot with autism. Oh my God, Yes. Just the Ltm not a whole lot. Oh so It was a Ltm Ltm. Okay. El Loyalism not too much. Geez. Now it is very belief like he made it very believable. So I kind of a little bit get it why you would say, you know how he Fletcher was in Batman returns.


Like how real it was in that role. I get why you say that? 'cause I really thought Jonathan Major had a LTM after the movie. Okay. I think I'm I I can hear you now. So listen. But that's the whole point of the film. He's on cocaine, he's on steroids, he got a lot of past trauma. He's mentally ill. He's supposed to be a crash out in the film. That's the whole point. Mm, yeah. Nah, take it off. Take it off. It wasn't good. But I love y'all. Goodbye. Love you. I appreciate it. Yeah, that's the whole, the whole point of the movie is he is like, he's beyond the crash out. I ain't never seen nothing like that on the screen. Hmm. Okay. Well Her review made me wanna go see it more than yours. Yeah. I'm gonna go see it now. Alright, Thank you.


It's really good. Emini here. I didn't tell y'all nothing. I couldn't, I didn't want tell y'all nothing. You did. You gave us a little bit during the interview like you was like really getting into it, which made me wanna see it. But her, like her review said it was one of the best, best performance Zel. He did. He said it was better. Better than Than Denzel. Than Denzel. Denzel role. Yes. In training that I Didn't say, I didn't say any Denzel role but better than Denzel in training day. And I love Denzel in training day. No, You said every Zel every So You Say I did not say that. Don't Even be remembering. Yo, you Y'all hear y'all don't comprehend. Well what I said was I've never seen a role like the role Jonathan Majors played, meaning the character that he played. I've never seen that on the screen. That don't mean it's better. Yeah, we'll we'll just pull up the audio.


Old man. You don't it too bad. Pull. We talk so much. You don. I Said the same thing. Don't how much you wanna bet. Let's put some money on it. And I don't even gamble because I specifically say that don't mean it's better, but I've never seen that type of character on the screen. The audio remembering that's all. We Got the, we got the latest with Lauren coming up. Yes we do. So Jess Hilarious. You were on Club Shahe and baby you done got the girls upset or the guys offset is pretty pissed off. We're gonna talk about it. Oh my God. Alright, Don't go anywhere as The Breakfast Club. Good morning. The Breakfast Club Morning everybody. It's the EJN nv Jess. Hilarious. Charlamagne the guy. We are The Breakfast Club. Good morning. Let's jump right into it. The latest with Lauren. Lauren becoming a straight face.


She gets them from somebody that knows somebody some, she gets The details. I'm the home girl that knows a little bit about everything. She be having the latest on this, the the latest with Lauren la. Sometimes you have facts, sometimes you have details. Sometimes she have a little bit of everything. Well what's the latest On The Breakfast Club? Talk to me. Alrighty. So the latest today is sitting right next to me. Miss Jess. Hilarious. How You doing? I'm doing good girl. How are you? I'm good. I'm good. So Jess you did Club Sheha. I did. It was a great interview. I watched the full interview. Thank You Uhoh. Thank you. Did she crash out Uhoh? No she did not. She actually handled herself very well. Please don't play With me. Nigga Threw some messy questions in there too. Don't Judge that. What?


But you handled yourself very well, thank you. But there were, there was a few moments from the interview that have now started to matriculate off of his YouTube channel because Offset is pretty upset at you. Okay. Matriculate. You heard me? Who Offset is upset. Okay, so let's take a listen to. I Don't even know why. Like what? I'm gonna play the audio. Let's take a listen to Jess speaking on cardio and offset in the interview Cardi B and Offset going at it on online. Would you ever be in a situation where you would go at it with your baby's father? I would never do that now I never did that. Right now me and Rome, we done had our days, our arguments, you know my son's father, I've never gone back and forth with him all online. Hell no, never ever wanna do that.


'cause at the end of the day it's still us. I think Offset was doing him. What? He just knew that he had her, he knew she would never leave. He knew he knew the things to do to get her back. He might be good for like a couple weeks or a couple months and then you back out there doing what you doing. You know what Emini here? Yes. But then when she started moving on, oh that baby couldn't take that. Yeah, he, he be upset when certain people take Cardi side. 'cause I think he feels like it's a side you not saying Yes. So that is why Offset is upset. So I really? Yes, I saw a tweet. Damn. I saw a tweet this morning. He said just stop mentioning me for, I roast you for I roast your a word for hating on another.


No, No. He said for I roast you ass. Go ahead. Yes. I I tried to clean it. No, don't clean it up. Read it like it is for I roast you a word. Oh wait, we can say that. Yeah, we can say ass. Oh far roast you as for hitting on another, another black woman. He tried it. He tried it. I I don't Is he talking about you or is he, who is he talking About? I think he's talking about the whole situation with us up appear and all that stuff. See and then that's the thing, right, because he isn't my dm. I I didn't open the DM yet 'cause then I would feel compelled to just go crazy on this man. For real, for real. But he what I, I read the first few words and it said why my name in your DM Emini here. Why my name in your interview? Because I was asked about you stupid. E come in Shannon. Don't come in. Don't come at me. Yeah, you mad.


We we see the way you move, you mad and, and you, you crash out and, and you should behind your wife but don't do you. And then you see her moving on and then now you mad at everybody else for talking about it. Everything you do is in the media. Stupid. E like I'm telling you, you can try, you can try to play that game if you want Offset. You don't know me. You do not know me. And just like Chris did your man Quavo. I will do you the same way No music. Like I'm not, I'm not You said like Kristi Quavo With the beat the Battle. See they artists though. They did it over a beat. I ain't going, I don't need a beat. I will listen. We not, let's not play. He think it's baby mother mouth crazy. But all said that felt the way before though. He felt the way when y'all was talking about him on Breakfast Club before.


Yeah. I think he was What both of us. Whatcha talking about? He was, he I think he was mad because we took Cardi side. We Well I know I said I'm happy to see her getting outside because I have, from what I see publicly, I feel like he's played with her for a lot, man. So what? And she's held him down. Yeah. So much. And I amm happy to see her attempting to be happy. Yeah, Well you feel that way. You feel that bad about it. Come have a conversation. Like what are you talking about? Well that's what he said. He Said that I'm open to the convo. He said there Was two sides to the story And I, And I told him, I even said that in the interview, yo. I said, now maybe we don't see, definitely said that What Hardi do you know outside of, you know, what we see on the media. But you know, he just got mad at that. That's what I think It was a fair question and you gave a fair answer. I don't think that it was shaped. I think it was Honesty. Yeah, I was asked about you.


I don't go around talking about you. So it is what it is though. Well, another point of the interview, I know we were talking about this morning, the Summer Walker Lil mech stuff. Yes. So in the, let's take a listen to Jess talking about the summer walker mech situation on Kleb Sheha. This is the CIAA weekend. This was two years ago. I had a birthday party and Lil Mech was in town for CIAA. Okay. He was doing a party right down the street for my birthday party. I DMed him as And I said, Hey, I don't know what you're doing after your party, but if you wanna stop past my birthday party, we do have a section for you or whatever. You know, something like that. This man screenshotted that and posted it after I said that He was a little musty, you know, like I was trying to get with him.


And then what I got mad at summer about was you so damn dumb. You think me trying to get at him. Like come on, let just, let's just use your, your mind as a woman. He look like Rob Schneider. You know the guy, the dude's bigga old male jingle little dude, but She called you a lot of names and say you, you No she did she call me a lot of names. She Called you ugly. She Called me ugly. Oh my God. So use one chromosome away. I ain't even know she even


Divorce can leave you feeling isolated like you're stuck on an island with no direction. But you don't have to go through it alone. At Hello Divorce, we guide you step by step offering everything from legal advice to financial planning so you can find your way back to solid ground. Start your divorce journey with the support you need@hellodivorce.com because you deserve a better path forward.


This is Ashley Ike from the Ben and Ashley I almost same as podcast.


If you could lose 10.4 pounds in one month, would you try well with Future Health you can find out if weight loss meds are right for you in just three minutes@tryfh.com. That is try fh.com. Try fh.com. Results may vary based on start weight and adherence to diet, exercise and program goals. Database on independent studies sponsored by Future Health. Future Health is not a healthcare services provider. Meds are prescribed at providers discretion.


Big shout out to you for making it through the hectic holiday season. This new year. Get clean quality pregnancy nutrient support off your to-do list, including rituals, bestselling, essential prenatal multivitamin designed with 12 traceable key ingredients to support a healthy pregnancy with big changes coming up. Take the small steps now and start today with 30% off a three month supply at ritual.com/podcast. These statements have not been evaluated by the Food and Drug Administration. This product is not intended to diagnose, treat, cure, or prevent any disease.


There's a type of soil in Mississippi called Yazoo clay. It's thick, burnt orange and it's got a reputation. It's terrible, terrible dirt. Yazoo clay eats everything. So things that get buried there tend to stay buried until they're not. In 2012, construction crews at Mississippi's biggest hospital made a shocking discovery. 7,000 bodies out there or More. All former patients of the old state asylum and nobody knew they were there. It was my family's mystery. But in this corner of the south, it's not just the soil that keeps secrets. Nobody talks about it. Nobody has any information. When you peel back the layers of Mississippi's, Yazoo, clay, nothing's ever as simple as you think. The story is much more complicated and nuanced than that. I'm Larson Campbell. Listen to Under Yasu Clay on the iHeartRadio app, apple podcast or wherever you get your podcast


Said that we're, she said one chromosome away from what? I'm gonna pray for her too. I didn't even one Chromosome the way from what I had. I Down syndrome one chromo, One chromosome way. Is it you got one or two is ain't we y'all, you she is even one chromosome the way from being a man. I didn't even know she said that. I'm like, okay, sister Sharp. I didn't even know Sister Stupid. That's what she is. I'm like, how did you even, how did you, what do you mean she ain't check with somebody before she posted that? Before she said that. Yeah. And so what he's referring to, 'cause I think a lot of people was like, when did Summer say that she had posted, I had no idea. She called me ugly. But yeah, I we Went and found it. Yeah, we went and found it. So she said she had posted this long Insta story and she said she wanted, she, she basically was mad that Jess had said what she said about him being musty and him going to cheat and all that stuff.


And it, it so allegedly, Hey Jess be hitting middle school nerds calling somebody musty. It's Allegedly Musty. Allegedly musty. Especially when they are like, come on y'all. And the reason why I knew that, like I said, 'cause know he did wilding out when he put his arm around, you know what I'm saying? You how he put your arm around somebody and then now your shoulder smell like a sub and you like, whoa, the only person that put, you know, but go ahead, go Ahead. She said a lot of things on the Insta story, but she said, I understand you wasn't Oh no wait. She said wait. Oh, she said you think being so ugly, you try to be sweeter. Being ugly in and out isn't good. Isn't a good combination and will not get you far in this industry. First of all, I know a lot of ugly people that got far, far further than her in this industry.


But anyway, don't, don't do me like, don't do me. I did not know that. She said I was ugly. Now that's, that's now you mad. No, I ain't mad. But it's like, come on, People Look. Yeah, but I'm just saying I didn't even realize that that was such a long tweet Emini here a long little story. I didn't know that she said that. But you, you, you know I'm not ugly. We, she's not even ugly. She just Don't, I wonder if somebody even cares now that her and homie be not together no more. Yeah, but It is. But that's, that's stupid. That's Yeah. 'cause I, I had him ready in the holster, but this was so old. I ain't even ready, I ain't ready to even do it. You well, did, Did Unc apologize? 'cause when we first announced that you were coming to The Breakfast Club, he was like, just bought it. Oh boy. Just got that. That's exactly how he sound.


Yeah, he did apologize. That was the first thing he did. We had the apology too. I don know if we had the ton of Yeah, they Played Apology. So announced that you got the job. Ojo And I nightcap was talking about it And I said some comments and it went viral. I said that, you know, hey Ojo, she nice. So if I offended you, I wanna take the time out to say I apologize. You did. Definitely. I didn't, that was not my intent. But I was just like, yeah, she's a nice looking woman. She has a nice figure, ojo, so forth and so on. And oh, he 57 years old, Emini here he was, this and that and you know, they, you know, they tried to play it up. And so Like, I'm not in my thirties. I didn't And I don't ever want someone to feel uncomfortable with my comments. No. So that's why I wanted to take the time to say, yeah, I apologize for what I said. Oh no, it's okay.


And that means you got some good eyes on you. That's just all that made me, you know, ain't nothing with it. Yeah. Because I know I look good. You know what, Emini here. Yeah. Inside and out. Thank you very much. So, but yeah, I, I did appreciate him, him doing that Emini here. It wasn't, it wasn't me that got mad about it. You know what Emini here, it was a lot of other people and you know, other older gentlemen that was just like, hold up. Yo, she young enough to be your daughter. You know what Emini here and in these days I'm old enough to be his girlfriend too. Oh. You know what I'm saying? Just in these days and times, people date younger. Yeah. It, it is funny too. Shehe said, we tried to play it up. Like he don't be in his interviews playing everything up. Like he don't be putting sauce on everything in his interviews. He didn't ask just about BBLI was, you know, Like where this, You played two, two messy clips that he put sauce on talking about.


We talking about, we tried to play it up like, yeah, that, you know, the gig, that's what people do. When I say you handled that well, it was one question. I said, oh, she did that. She just, I ain't even gonna say it. She swerved her way up outta that Way. And it is him, it's always him acting surprised when you like how you act. Surprised you went and dug this stuff up and now I was respond. He like, oh J why, why they do us like that? There ain't no us. It's so funny. Yo. It was a good interview though. Make sure you guys go check out Jess on Club Shake Show. Appreciate That. Yes, it was Good show. Yeah, that was dope. All right, well we got front page news when we come back and then Darnell Rawlings will be joining us. All right. So we're gonna kick it with him when we come back. So don't go anywhere. It's The Breakfast Club. Good morning, Wake up. Wake up. You're locked into The Breakfast Club.


Morning everybody, it's DJ nv Jess. Hilarious. Charlemagne the guy. We are The Breakfast Club. Let's get back in some front page news. What's up Morgan? Yeah, let's do it. Let's talk tariffs. So President Trump is imposing new tariffs on automobiles not made in America. And he signed the executive order yesterday on Wednesday saying the tariffs will go into effect April 2nd. He said the goal is to increase domestic manufacturing of cars and auto parts. And those who purchase American made vehicles will have more incentives. So let's hear Trump talk auto tariffs. And what we're going to be doing is a 25% tariff on all cars that are not made in the United States. If they're made in the United States, there's absolutely no tariff.


If you borrow money to buy a car, you're allowed to deduct interest payments for purposes of income tax, but only if the car is made in America. So if the car's made in America, you get a loan, you can deduct the interest. That's a big saving. Trump says the tariffs will bring up to a trillion dollars of revenue into the US within the first year. What do you guys think you excited about this? Or, you know, not so much the tariffs, but the fact that, you know, there's an incentive behind if you have an American made car, you know, that could probably be good for some people in, in the grand scheme of what's going on. Well, it, it'll be good for a lot of people, a lot of people to get to write off a lot of things. And I was having dinner with somebody last night and they were heavily into the tariffs, heavily into politics. And they was saying it's not necessarily a bad thing.


They said, when you go to a lot of these countries, you don't see too many American made cars in these countries. True. You see mostly their cars in their countries. But when you come here, you see mostly, you know, you know, other cars that are not made here. And they said it could be a thing that, you know, helps people make a lot of money, save a lot of money, and create a lot of jobs. So they weren't too bad about the tariffs on cost. One thing that I thought was really fascinating about this, he was asked if Elon Musk advised him at all, you know, Elon has the, the Tesla thing going on. So he was asked if Elon Musk had advised him on auto tariffs, to which he responded no, because that would be a conflict. He also went on to say Elon is an amazing person, but he said Elon has never asked him for any favors in regards to business, which he's actually surprised by.


But then that makes me wonder, whose idea was it to have the Tesla pop up at the White House but us. Let me put it off on Marilyn real quick, while also putting you guys onto some info, some tea. So can you believe that yesterday, March 26th, what the, was the one year anniversary of the Francis Scott Key Bridge collapse that happened in Maryland. You guys remember that? Yes. It claimed six lives of construction workers. Well, Maryland Governor Westmore, he honored the victims and spoke more about rebuilding. Let's hear from my governor. There Were six Marylanders who we lost that day. And everything that has happened in that past year, it starts and ends with them. It starts and ends with their families. We are going to make sure that we are gonna get this bridge built on time and on budget, and it is gonna make sure that it leads up to all industry standards on safety.


So Baltimore Mayor Brandon Scott, US Senator Chris Van Holland, Congressman Zi fume, they and others took part in the commemoration ceremony. The tribute was held to remember those who were lost and those who responded and to celebrate the resilience of Baltimore and the state of Maryland. But the T is the National Transportation and Safety Board, or the NTSB named 68 bridges throughout the country. 13 locally between my area and y'all that are in need of study. They say the bridges listed aren't necessarily an imminent risk of collapse, but the agencies managing those bridges simply don't know what the risk would be if there was, if they were to be struck by a ship, which is what happened here in, in the Baltimore area.


Now, some of the local bridges listed include the Brooklyn Bridge, Manhattan Bridge, Williamsburg Bridge, veno Bridges, and in New Jersey, the outer bridge crossing and the Newark Bay Bridge are also on the list. So New York, DOT says it's reviewing N NT B's request. What do you guys think about that Emini here? Are you even thinking about it as you drive across these bridges coming in and out of work? Well, every time I drive over a bridge, I definitely think what would happen if it would fall while I'm on it, but, or something would hit it. But so you're saying that they, they're saying that it is not like a cause for action. Like oh, these, like, It's not like, hey, you know, it's an immediate response, but it's like, hey, y'all might wanna go ahead and look at those just in case something like this was to happen.


Would your bridge be able to withstand a cargo container ship slamming into one of its pillars? Yeah, Because the, the bridge in Baltimore that collapsed, like, yo, it looked so weak, it looked like it wasn't even, You know, it Wasn't strong enough. Yes. When that cargo container, the dolly hit it last year. I can't believe that it's already been a year. Yeah. Could any Bri I don't think any bridge could withstand that though, right? That's like, that's, that's because that's not supposed to happen. A cargo Yeah. Container isn't supposed to hit a bridge. Absolutely not. But you know, you wanna make sure that, you know, in case that Yeah, yeah. I don't think no bridge is designed to withstand the direct high speed collision with a massive cargo ship.


But, but it's not only that, but like I don, I don't know if you've been watching, especially in this area, like a lot of these roadways have been getting sinkhole outta nowhere, like cut, shutting down highways. Like I seen it on Route 80, which is a major highway that connects pretty much, you know, Jersey to New York City. There was a sinkhole and there was another sinkhole on 2 87 And I heard a sinkhole, there was one in Atlanta And I heard a huge sinkhole in Houston where cars are actually falling in them. You know What, Emini here, man, I got, I got one in my driveway every freaking year. We get that thing filled up every year and it just opens back up. I wanna know what's down there, But no, you raise a really good point that, you know, what can you do in certain situations when it comes to just the structures that we, you know, we, we tend to not even think about as we're driving across them, whether they be bridges, you know, or roadways or whatever the case is.


So yeah, something, something, something to think about. But that pretty much does it for me. That's your front page news. Follow me on socials at Morgan Media and for more news coverage, follow at Black Information Network. Download the free iHeartRadio app and visit us@binews.com. Thank y'all. Have a great Thursday. Thank you Morgan. Now lead us when we come back. Donelle Rawlings will be joining us now. He stopped through yesterday. Jess and Charlamagne were out. When we did the interview. It was me and Lauren. We And I say we didn't miss anything. Donelle is always here. And when I say he was so nervous every time that door opened, Jess, he was scared, like shake, Like, oh my God. Like, like, like he was, he was abused and, and the abuse was coming In. He don't a Victim feel? Yes, he's a victim.


Like, like very like it was, it was to the point where, you know, he almost cried yesterday. He was talking about he, oh my god, people don't mess with him because of, oh God, the relationship here on The Breakfast Club and No, it don't got nothing to do with us. Okay. I wish I was there. 'cause when he turned to Jeff Ross and he said to Jeff Ross, I knew you when you had hair. And Jeff Ross turned back to him and said, I knew you when you had jokes. That's the problem. Okay? When you go up to them places like that, you don't be having the right jokes. But he, that's the problem, Darnell. But he said people play with him because we play with him up here. And he said if we took him more serious and actually did real interview, no we wouldn't do it. Then he also broke down his beef with Cory Holcomb. And then he also broke down the beef with the fact that, you know, when he said that he created Darnell Raw, he created it.


Yes. The Chappelle Show. Yeah. He, he said he misspoke. Oh my God. Now he see see he told you he misspoke. That's what he ain't tell me. He told me that he meant to say that what he meant, what he was saying. That his contribution to the Chappelle show helped make the Chappelle show. Now he backtracking. Well that's what he said. But he didn't say that there. He said he made the show, but he's, he, he, he, he mistepped and said his contributions. Well when everybody is booing you and they're white and you're black, you say anything to fight your way outta there. I'm surprised he didn't Just say your mother, but you know. Right. Just, you know. But Don l roll is when we come back. So don't go anywhere as The Breakfast Club. Good morning, The Breakfast Club Morning Everybody. It's DJ Envy.


Jess. Hilarious. Charlemagne new God. We are The Breakfast Club. Lauren LaRosa is here as well. Darnell, you wanna step to the mic? These are for two. Brought you some flowers. I'm gonna step you. And I was very concerned about you. I Was very concerned about you Emini Here we talking concerns. Let's, all concerns I was concerned. Congratulations on your podcast. Thank You. The latest with Lauren La Rosa Japer on March 31st period. Come On to Black Queen. Oh, now I'm a queen. You Always been a queen. Bitch. Emini here. Queen, queen, queen, queen, queen, queen. You always been a queen. You won't be booed in here. It's okay. I don't, okay. I don't understand what that means. I don't get boo. Sometimes it might be a situation where there's a misunderstanding. Boo, but I don't get booed.


You can't, you can don't know a person in know what happened, what happened with what? Boo. So we were watching something online and it was a roast. It was coming for you. And they were, they were booing you. Every time you spoke they booed you. Right? Donelle you tell, we can act like as you so everybody, every time this talks boo him please. Moses. He's just trying to be funny. He's, What happened, Darnell, First off, I was in Los Angeles, California And I had the opportunity to meet with somebody that regard in the, in the highest manner that, you know, I came in here and I've sung the I Lose Control song.


For the longest time, probably for the last couple years, I've been using it as an intro. Teddy Swims. Correct. Teddy Swim. So I had the opportunity to actually, we were connected through social media And I had the opportunity to meet him in person, hung out with him that night. We had some adult beverages that Yeah, You right, you were drinking liquor. We were Drinking liquor. A lot of it. And what I learned that night was that you can't go toe for toe doing shots with Teddy swims or Lauren. I don't know if you ever drank Heard. I about to ask you do you want, 'cause you know how we come on. We never Time. No, no, no, no. According to the streets there, I need to slow down on my drinking. I think so. I didn't ask for your opinion. Okay. Mr. Perfect. And went to a Comedy roast hosted by Jeff Ross and the Negro after the shots. After the shots. Okay.


And it was a platform where comics go on stage and they do they three or four men's worth of roasting. And then you as a guest, a guest host, or not a host, a guest judge. You critique those people on what you thought their comedy meant. Right. Or in that moment. Correct. And I didn't have a lot of favorable things to say about 'em, to which the Negro on the show encouraged the audience whenever I spoke to Boomie. So to your point of a boo boo, He told me to do it. You said the Negro said You speak, how long are you gonna do this? I'm Sorry, go ahead. I'm sorry. Huh? No, I'm not doing that. And it was a, a misunderstanding. They booed me. But it wasn't like a boo boo. No, no. They booed you. Okay. It Was a boo. It was a bunch of boos.


No, It Wasn't a boo. No it was a boo. It wasn't a boo like that. You got different boos. You got the fuck outta here, boo. You just this corny boo. Then you got a boo that when people, when they encourage someone to do that, and that's what happened that night. And I They booed you, they booed you a lot. Every time you spoke, you got on stage, they booed you. How did it make you feel? And it made you All always be getting Booed. No, I'm too funny to be getting booed. Heard that too? No, Because you actually are, like I told you, like when I saw you at Radio City Music Hall, I was like, I've seen you before. And I was like, you're funny. And you go Cutting people off again, period. Jesus Christ. Only us I would say gonna go Instagram live, but that's gonna be in the convers And I Care cut people off again. Oh man, I see what that means.


All right now, Jesus Christ, do we raise our hand? Can we get a bail or something in there? God damn order in the court. Can I, can I ask you a real question? Don Rawlings is here. Yes. And if you haven't seen the video, yes. He, he was booed and the host of the show told him every time he spoke to, to boom. I thought it was hilarious because Don, of Course you're, you're a negative person. Of course you are. No, but seriously, do you think people take you serious enough? Like do they do, do you feel like they play with you too much? Like they don't play with Kev, they don't play with Duval. They don't play with That's right. Any of the comedians that's on this wall, but they play with you all the time. It's like they almost try to take the fact that you are famous, the fact that you are successful, the fact that you are funny and try to downplay it all the time.


Why do you think that is? You wanna know the real answer to that? Please. Because of you mother fucker. What do you mean? You and this platform. That's why, why that? Because y'all played too much. Y'all started with booty tricks. Y'all started with with with black big asses. And Can I cut you off? Can you cut Me off and then start with the booty tricks? It would be you, it would not be You. It did start with the booty tricks. It started when you tried to come here and with it was something like with your dad or the book. Remember the moment when you charlemagne's laughing at him? What's the the biggest childhood trauma that that bothered you? Me. You wanna know? Yes sir. I don't even know if I can say this and y'all gonna laugh at me. I'm not gonna laugh At you. I promise you we're not gonna laugh. And I grew up right. And I remember I felt bad for you in that moment too.


I felt bad for myself in that moment. It was very, very awkward. He had a good time with that. You know what I'm saying? I, when he speaks about his dad, whatever, I'm like, oh, that's so good fact that his father was a popo. And in the military, our kind of paths were parallel. So I support him in the relationship he has with his father. Now, when I wanted to get really serious and talk about some childhood, childhood trial in my life, they thought it was a joke. So back to your question, how did it start? And this, to answer your question, you mother, the lack of respect that you guys have had, but I've, I've mustered through it. I'm a better person. So you think Because you come up here and play with us, you think people play with you? Yeah, I think so. I think that's the part of it. Yeah. You seriously think that I answered the question once?


Yeah, But I was You be joking. So You gonna just keep asking the question till you get the answer that you want. That's What I do. It's My doubt. I see what they be saying now. Oh, So how do we change this narrative, Darnell? Because I, I, I don't like the fact Emini here. You know what it is? You know, you know when you're dating somebody and you're like, I could argue with her, but nobody else can. I feel like that with us. Like we can make fun of you, but The World shouldn't be able to make fun of you, but like, I feel like they take your comedy lightly, but we don't take your comedy lightly. Nobody jokes about comedy lightly. We laugh. There's only a couple people that take my comedy lightly and, And I don't care about that. But nobody takes me lightly. It's just that, And I, I will say whatever I go, the first thing they say is Why you let The Breakfast Club like that? I said, I don't let him With you. With Yeah. Like, you know the prank.


Like, they don't, they don't, they don't. I didn't interrupt that one, Man. I said so many god damn prayers before I came up here today, man. I wasn't, I didn't come here for that envy. I, I'm, I'm trying to talk to you because I really want to get your feelings and your expressions out there because I don't like how people play with you. I, you know, the booing thing is funny. It's hilarious. I thought it Was funny. There's nothing funny about getting booed. It's the most traumatic thing you could deal with as a comedian. Especially when, when you, when like, when it's because you weren't funny. And the situation I had wasn't 'cause I wasn't funny. It was just, it was a setup. That's what it was. But that's a Lacker. I didn't, I didn't like watching it. 'cause I was like, okay, I don, maybe this is what they do on over there. But like, I felt like it was a lack of respect. And I don't like that Emini here. It was the, I I wouldn't say it was a misunderstanding.


There's no tricks going on today. I promise you. There's no tricks. There's, I promise you he's Going, he Traumatizing up. He S right. I don know what Is going on today. Boot. It's nothing. We just having a real conversation. I Don't have, listen, things happen as a committee, things happen. And then at the end of the day, it is what you do with those things have happened. That incident I had with Jeff Frost and that roast battle, you know, it's a lot of things that could have happened that, that I could have switched the situation. I was lit. I, I'm not gonna lie about that, but at the end of the day, it's what, when things happen, it's like they always say, can you turn lemon into lemonades all?


We got more with Darnell Rawlings when we come back. Don't move. It's The Breakfast Club. Good morning. Morning everybody. It's DJ Envy. Jess. Hilarious. Charlemagne the guy. We are The Breakfast Club. Laura Laro is here as well. We're still kicking it with comedian Darnell Rawlings. I have a question with, with Dave Chappelle, your close friend. Yeah. What does he tell you? When you go through a lot of the stuff that you go through, because Emini here, you put out a special And I thought the special was hilarious. Right. He tell me, don't engage, but You do. So you don't listen to your friend. That's filthy rich. That's been doing it. I Don't listen to a lot of people and that's why a lot of situations I get in because so many situations I've been in, it could have been like, why did you respond to that? I don't care how anybody want, anybody wanna say. It's, it's the hardest thing to do is not to respond to negativity.


And part of, I know that whenever I sit down and talk to therapists, the first thing they're gonna do is tell me Darnell, don't read the comments. To which I'm gonna read each and every one of those comments. You also Be in the comments too. You in the comments too. Yeah. But Emini here, every Other page I go, No. Every other. Yes. You, you want everybody. Not every other. Are you calling me A hoe? You I didn't, I didn't say that. I Just say I didn't. I'm not calling you a hoe. I'm Just say you a social media hoe. Is that the same? I ain't be like a ho Ho. But See wouldn't mean like a ho ho But like you for the tweets, I'm For the tweets. You for the Tweets. You're for the tweets. It's okay. But even with you right? It's hard. But there's so many comedians. There's so many comedians.


Like you look at Gary Owen. Yes. Shut up. Don't say nothing in trouble. Right. You look at Ryan Davis, you look at all these comedians that want Netflix specials, that Netflix has ant offered him anything. And you got a Netflix special. Yeah. You are working on another one. So you are blessed beyond belief. You're, you are doing comedy in front of hundreds of thousands of people. Huh? So you get to the opportunities that most don't. But I feel like you always trying to prove yourself. I just never understand why. 'cause you're funny as like I, you know, you know I come to support you. Right. It's just I'm coming this weekend. Oh, I'm going to, I didn't invite you. I was gonna tell you, you can't gimme Tickets. You just gonna barge in. Alright. I know. I can tell. I hear you in the lobby. Nah, it's not, I'm telling you a lot of things that I engage in I shouldn't engage in.


And that's part of me, that's part of me trying to find some growth. And that's part of me. I like, I really do think that I probably could use or benefit from having a therapist or talk to therapist. And it's something I had to deal with. Until then, I'll continue to be funny. But I'll tell you one thing that anytime I have an incident, what it does to me, it to for my fight back is that it makes me more creative. It makes me wanna go on stage and, and just destroy a room. And it makes me want to produce something funny. Even an incident that you're talking about with Jeff Ross and I made a song about it. The only way I could deal with it is to try to bring some humor in it. It really pushes me to be more creative and get in my, in my production mode. That's what I do. Next question. Now what about your drinking? Has your drinking been an issue and a problem?


Nah, I've never been trial problem. Why you looking at me in my face like that? Sir Emini here. It might have been an incident before with you drinking. And every time there's a situation, it seems like alcohol is also involved. And when is that usually When do, when do these incidents happen? Drinking hours. When does it happen? What does Drinking hours mean? That doesn't mean that it's, you know Me, I'm saying I can see if I was coming outta church up, you don't see that. Oh. So it Not, but if you're drunk and every, every time it happens when you're drunk, that might be an issue. I don I'm so drunk. I would Just say inebriated or slightly like feeling nice and I've had some incidents and what it happens. Envy. What incident are you referring to? I'm not, 'cause I'm not gonna put that man's stuff out there. He knows what I'm talking about. I just wanna make sure my brother is okay and my brothers, no, It's a couple of them.


Which, what are you talking about? I don't remember that one. See that's the one I was talking about. You not gonna talk About. I googled Don Rollins drinking. Oh my God. And the the second article that came up is from Yahoo Entertainment. Don Don Rollin says he had a great time at Titi party jokes. Yo, wait a minute. Wait a minute. I swear to God on everything. The fuck nobody here. Look at this. Look. Look. Second article that came up. What? Don Rollin's drinking La Diddy. Oh, was that the time you drove up the wrong side of the street? Oh no, no, no, no, no, no. That okay. Alright. Wait. You drove up the wrong side. That was part, that was part of a joke. That was a part of the joke. And the joke was, I don know what joke that was.


No, that was part of the joke. 'cause a picture y'all made viral. It was a picture, that picture of me on Denny's yacht. And I say, I don't know what he put in that vodka, but it felt like I had a full head of hair on that yacht. It felt like I was a black Fabio. That's what it was. Alright, next question. Who wrote the song? You Wrote it? I did. Oh, okay. Yeah. I I thought it was something funny. It was, but you know, I can't really play it because Copyright situation, but you know, that's what I do. You gotta be able to turn limits to lemonade and don't let people, don't let stuff like keep you down or, or fuck you up And I move forward. The only thing, I'll just put it like that in any situation, if you make me mad, it's gonna make me go harder on stage. And no matter what anybody wants to say about me, that thoughts of me, I'll Just say I invite any of those people, any of the naysayers or any people have question about how is standup, I'll say, come to my show and challenge you to go one-on-one toe to toe with anybody that anybody in the business.


I have no problem with that. Not know. Another challenge was at one time your your child's mother. How has that worked out? Have y'all worked everything out? Can you, what? Can you get Darnell napkin? He just spit out his water. Please don't worry. He's just getting that, she's just getting a napkin. I promise. Okay, No problem. What was That? Was that challenging? Did did y'all fix that? Are y'all on the same accord now? Same page. I know that at one time you and your, your child's mother was not seeing eye to eye on things Emini here when you, not with the person that at one point you was in love with and you, and it didn't work out like you want Emini here. People want to have a healthy relationship, but it's kind of tough 'cause it's always emotions of all and all. It comes down to like how you feel. How do you say this? We're good, we're good, but there's gonna be some trials and tribulations with that.


Do do you ever look back at that and say, I was the problem. Hi, it's me. The, the what you call the song I At, I look at it all the time. I hold, I take accountability. You know, it's easy for say when you hear situations about like co-parenting just like this. It's easy. It's, it's two sides to every story. And I, And I do believe that part of the, the reason that we're not together in a, a living situation is because I pro I, I'm pretty sure I contribute to it. But you know, that was in the past. And the most important thing right now is to raise our


Divorce can leave you feeling isolated. Like you're stuck on an island with no direction. But you don't have to go through it alone. At Hello Divorce, we guide you step by step offering everything from legal advice to financial planning so you can find your way back to solid ground. Start your divorce journey with the support you need@hellodivorce.com because you deserve a better path forward.


This is Jenny Garth from I Do Part Two.


If you could lose 10.4 pounds in one month, would you try with future health? You can. Future Health gives millions access to affordable weight loss meds for less than three bucks a day. Find out if weight loss meds are right for you in just three minutes@tryfh.com. Try fh.com. Results vary based on start weight and adherence to diet, exercise and program goals. Data based on independent study sponsored by Future Health. Future Health is not a healthcare services provider. Meds are prescribed at provider's discretion.


At Ritual, we know what goes into a magical holiday season. The potluck planning, the gift giving the spreadsheets. This new year, take a moment for yourself with simple daily rituals that help you put your foundational health at the top of your to-do list rituals essential for women. 18 plus multivitamin is a clinically backed multivitamin featuring nine high quality key essential ingredients to help you fill key nutrient gaps in your diet. Or maybe you're stressing your daily protein intake or you want to double down on support for your gut microbiome. From plant-based essential protein to three in one pre-pro and post biotic strains with Symbiotic plus ritual helps you focus on supporting your body after a long season of juggling everybody else. And for a limited time, do it with 30% off a three month supply at ritual.com/podcast. These statements have not been evaluated by the Food and Drug Administration. This product is not intended to diagnose, treat, cure, or prevent any disease.


There's a type of soil in Mississippi called Yazoo clay. It's thick, burnt orange and it's got a reputation. It's terrible, terrible Dirt. Yazoo clay eats everything. So things that get buried there tend to stay buried until they're not. In 2012, construction crews at Mississippi's biggest hospital made a shocking discovery. 7,000 bodies out there or More all former patients of the old state asylum and nobody knew they were there. It was my family's mystery. But in this corner of the south, it's not just the soil that keeps secrets. Nobody talks about it. Nobody has any information. When you peel back the layers of Mississippi's, Yazoo, clay, nothing's ever as simple as you think. The story is much more complicated and nuanced than that. I'm Laren Campbell. Listen to Under Yazoo Clay on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcast or wherever you get your Podcasts


son to be the the best human we possibly can do at the end of the day. I'll take accountability of that. I'm not a perfect, I'm not any of that. Would you Change anything? Would you, would you say look back and say, I should have did this differently or I should have did this With the relationship with her? Yes. No, I think she should have stayed on my phone. What did she find when she went through your phone? Don't worry about that. I'm just saying leave my phone. That's all I'm saying. Your phone is over there. My phone gets over Here. You pay the bill over there. I pay the bill over here. Hey man, in relationship, I'm the perfect, if you mind your business instead of my phone, the devil is in the phone. I think you Do need therapy. What does he find in the phone then? How come your Phone wasn't locked? I don't know.


You answered that. You gave her your password. You asked that question, sir. They got ways to do it. I don't know if might opened my eyeballs up one Night. I don't know what the fuck. She's a lot younger than him so she might've just watched him into the passcode and remembered. No, it might've been that. It's God's way of saying Darnell, you're not living correctly. And some parts of my life I wouldn't live correctly. But that's Darnell. That's, You live correctly now? Yeah, As much as I can. Yes. I don't know what's going on. I have a little more, we got more with Donne Ron when we come back. It's The Breakfast Club. Good morning. Morning everybody's CJ Envy, Jess. Hilarious. Charlemagne the guy. We are The Breakfast Club. We're still kicking it with Don out Rawlings.


Yeah. Why do you and Cory Holcomb have such a a long Lasting, this is, This is the Thing problem. This is the thing with that, and I've said this on platforms and what it is, is like he has an audience, right? That tone into him, he does a, he has a podcast where pretty much nobody on the show has an opinion there. It's always gonna be signing with his thoughts. And we had an incident, it is documented, not an incident that he started, but an incident I did where I got triggered at a comedy club. I yelled out at him, you know what Emini here like didn't like some of the things he was saying. So You started it or did he start it first? Well, you could say I started that part of it, but I think the conversation was started And I do, it's crazy because people like, oh you on Dave Chappelle's and all that type, he's one of my closest friends.


You know what I'm saying? We don't just, we, we weren't just coworkers like we been, we was at Charlie Mur Mur Murphy's funeral, you know what I'm saying? We've been at weddings, we've been visiting people in the hospital together like our friends for for real. There's a, there's a, it's like central loyalty here, right? Everybody wants to paint this picture. Darnell is riding Dave's, you know what I'm saying? If it wasn't for Dave and all that. And that gets on my nerve because I know before that show, I had a resume after that show, I had a resume. It just so happened that I was a breakout performer on what people are calling one of the greatest shows in the history of television Facts.


There's never gonna be another Chappelle show. Even after the Chappelle show. You know, people's like, oh, y'all gonna do it. It would've been the most foolish thing for me and Charlie to say we wanna do a sketch show. And someone said something about even after, when Chappelle decided that he wasn't being part of that show no more, me and Charlie Murphy hosted the lost episodes. We didn't host those episodes with the intent. We're gonna take this show over. They had an archive of sketches. They were trying to figure out what the fuck they was gonna do with these sketches. They hadn't communicated to nobody. I didn't know whether was hadn't spoke to him. And I look back on certain things I did in my career, it might not have been the best decision.


But in that moment I'm like it like this. This is a great show right now. Nobody's gonna like this. We are the new Chappelle. And even when me and Charlie came out and Mr. Hoka said something about that, he said, oh, you these s hosted the show. That's why with DC Young Fly, DC Young Fly. Yeah. Because DC Young Fly told them no. DC Young Fly told them no to continuing the show as the new host and DC Young Fry could do that because the core of wilding out was Chico Bean Carlos. So he don't have to do wilding out 'cause he got 85 South. He has that. Even when me and Charlie did that, we came out, firstly, Charlie says, and it was a joke, I don't feel comfortable doing this.


I was like, speak for yourself. I need all the camera time I can get. That's the reality of it. I've had a conversation about Dave And I apologized to Dave, Dave about it. I was like, I didn't think about it like that. I said, but one thing Dave had you called me, right? Yo d I'm not with this network. I would've never done it. So what do you do? You gotta make a decision on what you're gonna do that's going to continue to help your joint and try to be as respectful about it as possible. After when he left, we never wrote another sketch. We never, me and Charlie had a pilot. It was called Charlie versus Don Hill. And it was a reality show that Comedy Central passed on. It had nothing to do with Sketch. It was me and him battling each other.


Big Tigger was the co-host of that, whatever. We thought we had an opportunity to do that. But what Comedy Central didn't understand is that me and Charlie Murphy, if you wanna say, became stars of that show, they was waiting for Dave to come back. So they didn't think that me and him could pull off. That didn't happen. We never revisited that. I never did a sketch show. I never tried to do anything past that. And I showed him the respect for that. I tell you what pisses me off, when you put so much work into something and, and, and for people to try to, for assassinate your character and say you're something other than what the fuck you are. I don't wanna fight you on no podcast. If you wanna do fight me on anything, let's go on the stage.


Let's go on a stage and let the people decide that. And I guarantee you it ain't gonna get the results you want. You could tell a that is whack after 30 plus years performing, not just on the chitlin circuit, five, six continents and Oh, you with Dave, guess what I, I am with Dave when I do shows. I ain't, Dave's open. I don't open for nobody. Big dogs, Kevin Hart, Chris Rock, Dave, I ain't gonna never open for, you know, so if you wanna do it, stop talking your shit and let's go on the stage And I guarantee you, you going to feel it.


Nobody expects me to be on a show with Dave. He don't ever promote my name. He don't need me to, he can sell out any vi venue in The World. 25, 30,000 people, what have you done. But, but I do, I do have to ask, you said if you started it right, you said you started it. No, I didn't say I started it. Oh, You said you started from your remarks. I'd say even that because For every action is reaction. So there is, if he were at you first, you can't be mad if he club The club factory, right? No, it was, you know what, God damn, it's hard for me. I'm trying to be accountable for my actions, but I gotta say what triggered me. Yeah. You know what I'm saying? When I just keep hearing this and it's closest friend of mine when I keep hearing this, it's just interesting me, the notion that you would go to a comedy club with 150 people on a workout night and be critical of someone that's doing the numbers.


Someone that's got all the accolades, the Grammys, the any Emmys you want to go, that's like going to a practice facility and watching practice and saying, oh, that wasn't that good. What happens at game time For you to even put it on the universe that somebody is booty or boo boo or whatever in the practice facility. Go to an arena, go to a theater, go to not just a certain point. Guess what? You ain't gonna be the funniest. I think now Dave has done it so long, so much. People don't really even look at him just to be hardy.


Hard, hard, hard. They look at him for his perspective. They're looking for his point of view, his thoughts. It's bigger than that. It's he's, he's turning to that Dick Gregory, you know what I'm saying? Where like, I don't wanna say activist, but it's more than just Laughter. They want his perspective on things. Absolute. You know what I'm saying? So that's why I did took offense to that. And I said even when that incident happened, I I, I said, you know what? I probably broke the unwritten rule. You're not supposed to yell out at a comedian when he on stage for that. I'm guilty. So He was taking a shot at Dave and you like, Dave's my brother, I'm a ride from my brother. Yeah, Well pretty Much I'm not mad at that 'cause You but not even just my brother. It's what it is. But I, you know, I feel like, And the thing about it NB is you're Successful.


He's successful, right? Y y'all have two different audiences, two different core. Yeah. I don't understand why it, it continues on. I don't, again, that goes to like when you have a platform and you know what's going to, you know, even with the roast, the roast belt thing. Yeah. A person couldn't wait to take an opportunity to say this guy's booty. And he, he doesn't support young comics. And I said something 'cause it was, it was a quote from that thing was like, and it it, and I think I was misunderstood or I might've misspoke when somebody said something about the special show. I said, I made that show. What I meant to say was I helped make that show what it was and took that was like, you didn't, you haven't even made it.


And I beg to differ that, do I get the bank that Kevin Hartney do or the movies or anything. But for somebody that no college education not formally trained on anything other than the military to be able to position myself where I could do seven figures using my God-given talent. In some areas people think that you made it. I don't answer anybody. I work for myself. And that's It. Well Don, you did make it. I don't know if you realize that you came from military to what you've done, what you've accomplished. Emini here, people don't know if you really do your history. Me and Donelle did radio together. Yeah, we did a morning show together last time on on Hot 97 with Ms. Jones. It was me, Ms. Jones and Don Rollins.


And we did a morning show together. And you know, we've seen you go from there to where you are. So you have made it. And you know, we joke with you a lot up here and you know, we clown you, you clown us. But we are proud of you. And we, you know, think you're one of the funniest, I don't support many people. I don't come out to to do shows for many people. But I come out And I support you because I really do think you're funny. But you are gonna be at the city winery in New York March 28th. March 9th. Damn. That's the hell way to end An interview. India, Indiana, April 4th and fifth Tennessee. Buffalo and Florida. It's Darnell Rollins. It's The Breakfast Club. Good morning. Good morning everybody. We are The Breakfast Club. Let's get to the latest with Lauren. Lauren becoming a straight Face Off. She gets them from somebody that knows somebody.


Well She gets the Details. I'm the home girl that knows a little bit about everything. She be having the latest on you, the march the latest with Lauren la. Sometimes we have facts, sometimes she have details, sometimes she have a little bit of everything. Well it's the latest on The Breakfast Club. Talk to me Man. LeBron and Stephen a back at it again. Oh God. Yeah. So LeBron sat down with Pat McCafe and he talked about the Stephen A. Smith moment. Let's take a listen. That feels like a moment that had been brewing for a long time. He's like on a Taylor Swift Yeah. Tour run right now. Oh yeah, we're watching it. We're awesome. It started off with, I wasn't going to address it, but since the video came out, I feel the need to address it fire you.


What? Talk about, about, are you kidding me? If it's one person that couldn't wait to the video to drop so you can address it, it is your ass. He completely like missed the whole point. Never would I ever not allow people to talk about the sport. Criticize players about what they do on the court. That is your job. But when you take it and you get personal with it, it, it's my job to not only protect my damn household but protect the players. And I think a lot of the media, including him, he's gonna be smiling from ear to ear when he hears me talking about it in again. He's gonna get home and grab some ice cream out of the freezer and sit in the chair.


So then Steven A. Smith responded to LeBron James and Pat McCafe too. My issue is with LeBron James. And I just wanna say for the record, LeBron James is full of it. And in this particular instance as it pertains to his son, he is a liar. And he went on national television today and he lied again when he approached me while I was sitting courtside at that game against the New York Knicks, when he rolled up on me, I didn't know he was gonna roll up on me. But when he said what he had to say, I was in no position to give any kind of retort without making a scene. And let me stay for the record that while we bring up that, let me assure you, it wouldn't have gone down like that. I would've gotten my ass kicked because had that man put his hands on me, I would've immediately swung on him that I'm not gonna tolerate.


But I knew he wasn't going to do something like that. There was no fear in my mind about it. It was shock because as I have repeatedly stated, I was not talking about his son. I was talking about him. Queens get the money. Yeah. Steven. Nah, you saw that boxing video. Hey, first of all, y'all miss y'all missing the biggest point though. I said, you know, I saw the internet. Internet and last night, but Steven a said LeBron would've kicked his ass. He Just say, he said that Go. And I watched the whole hour last night. He said that a couple of times. He did. He just said that if LeBron would've slapped him, he would've swung back. But he said he know he would've got his ass kicked. So I don't know why the internet acting like Steven a said he could beat bro, that never Happened. And that's what Stephen a tweeted. He's like, y'all having a field date with this?


But y'all forgot the rest of the, that part where I said like he, he would've got with me. So I wanted to make sure that we added that in our, our audio. But since all of this back and forth, so LeBron posted, there's a video that is now going viral of Stephen, a smith of him. Boxing. Boxing, yeah. Training. Yeah, Training. Whatever he's doing in that video. Video He Killing, he killing it. You got hands, There's hands in the video. Oh, okay. It Was like his first day. Like, you know when you go to the gym, oh and you first learn boxing. What if that was day 50 though? Envy? That was no damn day 50. That was Damn. But LeBron posted it and he posted the swipe through it's Young Do and Key Glock doing the W Wwo and he caption it Wah wah Wamp and Bronny James responded and put the cap with the the cap.


But I think Bronny only saw the part where he was talking about like they Steven a saying he would've threw hands. Mm. Yeah. So the back and the back and forth is it's going. Yeah, I, you know, clearly there's more to Stephen a and LeBron James situation than just the Bronny comments because Stephen a got LeBron acting outta character a little bit. Like when have you ever seen LeBron go to somebody else's platform? Ever vent about anybody ever? Right. I never seen him do that. Me neither. Not like this. And Pat McAfee, his name be eating me up, pat McAfee, I feel like did it. He handled it well. And Steven, they said that like, you know, I, I don't have no issue with him. He, he, he got what he needed from the interview. They also talked about. And Charlamagne, we had talked about this before about why seeing Bronny play was so important for LeBron after everything that bro's been through.


Let's take a listen to that. I'm really, really trying to be as respectful. That's Not it. No, that's not it. It should be, that should be a third one from Pat McAfee. No, he don't have it. But he just said he wanted to play with his son and son almost died. And it meant a lot to him and it should as a father. But the, the problem is I think he had with Stephen A. Smith And I think any father would have with Stephen A. Smith is yeah, critique my son. Say he's not good enough. Say he's trash say he's not ready yet. But when you start saying as a father, you should be doing this. It's a personal, don't talk to me about a father. And I, And I get that And I get that, that that part We do have the audio now. Oh go ahead Char. Go ahead. No go. That was a cool ass moment for me to be able to like have that dream, be able to speak it into existence for it to come to fruition.


You know, I started thinking about everything from what the hell he went through. Not less than a year before with his, he almost died. His cardiac arrest, man, it was a birth defect that quite honestly, if he never played sports or he never like started to become, you know, strong and run fast and all those stuff, we would never have to worry about it. But as he got stronger and things of that nature, it was just something inside his heart that pounding at his lungs that unfortunately we had the incident to see that happen to Bronny and for him to be able to play that same year after that happened at USC and then less than a year later be drafted by the Lakers and then in that fall, listen for me as a dad, I don't, it doesn't matter if he never scores ever.


I'm just super proud of him period. As a young man. Yeah. It's a blessing for him to be in that situation. I, I think LeBron hasn't liked Stephen a for a long time. Like if you watch what Stephen a was saying last night, Stephen a said he don't like him either. He said LeBron is a liar. He said LeBron be doing a lot of, you know, shady manipulative stuff behind the scenes. And I think that, you know, like I said, LeBron hasn't liked Stephen a for a long time and the comments about Bronny that just took him over over the edge. I'm sure that's what I think. I'm sure. Yep. Even When, and Stephen a accused LeBron of staging this whole thing. He, he said that, you know, if you go back and watch the video, you can see LeBron look at, look off, look at a camera right behind Stephen a like they had it all planned out for him to do that.


Oh That we stepped to him like to show like yeah, I'm, you talk about my son, I'm gonna step two. Oh wow. Man, listen, LeBron is LeBron every, if he sneeze, it's recorded. He don't have to plan that out. I don't that that, but even when Stephen a tweeted out this episode that we play the audio from, he said that he said lebron.do do lies keep coming. So there's obviously yeah Emini here. According to Stephen Hay, he says he feels like LeBron isn't happy about Stephen a saying he's not the greatest player of all time. He basically said that, that that's the cause he gets from LeBron's team a lot, whatever he says, things like that that LeBron isn't the the greatest of all time, but he's top three or whatever he says. And I don't know that argument fully 'cause I'm not a sports girl, but I do know I've heard Stephen a say that a few times.


So maybe that It's back and forth people, some people say Jordan, some people say LeBron, some people even say Kobe. It's, it's, yeah people's opinions. It's Okay to, for everybody not to think that you are, you know, the number one or whatever Emini here, it's okay. But I would love to see Stephen A. Smith in the gym now. 'cause that was like the first video. Like I it has to be improvement now. Like show now. Ain't nobody thinking about that. No. I don't think he Should stage that video. I think he should Just leave it alone. Yep. I'd rather see LeBron and Stephen a have a conversation. I would love that. That's what I would like to see. Yep. I think it'll be a good one. I think we'll see. I think if that happens, that'll probably be like one of Stephen a's biggest By, by the way, going to Pat McAfee was a jab, you know what I'm saying? Like LeBron knew what he was doing. Of course. Let me go to Pat McAfee, you know, one of his colleagues on ESPN but also I guess, I guess a competitor.


I don't know but let me go over here. He knew what he was doing. That was a strategic move. Yeah, there may never Be, there may never be a conversation between them two. And that's the thing directly. Yeah. Sometimes you could agree to disagree. What's wrong with that? Nothing. Not at all. All right. That's it. That's the latest with Lauren. I'm just saying I'd rather see that than a boxing match. No, nobody said A boxing match. That's all I'm saying. Said no boxing match. Hey I'm not saying, I'm not saying it's gonna happen. I'm just saying that I would rather see them have a in interview together than them a boxing match. I don. No, I'm Just saying for personal reasons. I just wanna see Stephen A. Smith in the gym to see if he got his hands up. That's all I wanna see because that LeBron, That first video, No LeBron. Yeah, no, no. LeBron like, I just wanna make sure you got his hands better. 'cause what I seen in that video, Jesus told you I think you could take 'em Lauren, we are going over we those don't do that.


Ohm the hands don't. Don't do that to me. Charlamagne who giving donkey too don't Before after the hour we need a 19-year-old kid named Lucas Beck to come to the front of the congregation. I keep telling y'all kids, everybody ain't playing. We'll discuss. Alright then after that is just fix my mess. If you have a relationship issues, relationship problems, anything. Call Jess right now should help you out with all your problems. I 805 8 5 1 0 5 1 donkey today. Up next, You are checking out The Breakfast Club. I just wanted to know how you came up with the don't be on the date because you're mean I'm not, What's a bunch of donkeys out here in the street? That is why Charlamagne, we live a life where we bite our tongue based off who say Give it to Give it to him on The Breakfast Club.


In the words of Charlemagne, the God it's a donkey that, Oh man, Charlemagne you giving donkey today to who now? Well, Buster Rhymes donkey today for Thursday, March 27th goes to Lucas Lebeck. Okay. Lucas is a 19-year-old kid who was arrested on a charge of bomb hijack threat. Now I've had some nut ass charges in my day, but I've never been accused of anything like this. Simply because as crazy as it sounds, I knew better. See we may have played with guns dabbled in drugs, but I, you know, never wanted to be Osama bin Laden. Okay. Timothy McVay was not an inspiration. The only blowing up we wanted to do as kids was the kind of blowing up Martin Lawrence was talking about.


But this generation is different. See, Lucas decided to go into an Urban Outfitters in Boston and he handed a random shopper a note, okay, a note with a piece of Starburst candy. Apparently it was National Starbursts day or maybe he made that up. But prosecutor said he handed over a note and the note said, well no, he said, it's national Starbursts day, I want you to have this. That he walked away. But when the shopper read the note, the note said, I have a bomb. Don't say a effing word. I repeat the note, said I have a bomb. Don't say a effing word. Now I'm sure this would be a stressful experience for anyone anywhere in America to receive a note like this.


But keep in mind I said it was Boston. Okay? Remember the bombing after Boston Marathon in 2013 when those two terrorists detonated some explosives and killed three people and injured more than 500? I am sure the trauma of that day still lingers in residents of Boston. So for a person to receive a note like that in Boston, it different. Now this is the part that pisses me off. And the reason this young man is getting donkey of today. See, investigators came, they reviewed the security footage and they saw someone matching the man's description. Then the shopper while talking to cops saw the person who handed him the note. 19-year-old Lucas didn't even try to get no get away. He didn't even try to flee the scene. So when officers approached him and asked him if he'd been in the Urban Outfitters, he replied, I don't believe so.


But then when the cops started reading him his rights and he realized, oh it's getting real, then he admitted to passing the note and he said, And I quote, I thought the shopper would know it was a prank. Sir, why in the hell would the shopper be in on your little reindeer games? See, this is the problem when you social media minded, when you doing things for the love of TikTok, you think everybody knows about this prank because it's going viral on social media. No, we growing as hell. So if you walk up to me with a note and a Starburst saying, you got a bomb, I'm going to take you at your word Starburst bin Laden. Okay, Osama been snacking on candy. How I'm supposed to know you playing. You think I'm not supposed to take Jihad serious? Just because you presented with a Jolly Rancher.


Not saying he was committing jihad, but you get my drift. If you are blow pop bomber, you still Obama, you should take all acts of terror serious, even if they come with a Twizzler. Now the DA on the case, Kevin Hayden released a statement that I totally understand. It makes complete sense to me. And that statement is, it's difficult to fathom how in this day and age anyone would consider it a prank to hand a note to a perfect stranger in the middle of a major city indicating they were holding a bomb. As this case indicates. Such a reckless action causes fear and comes with consequences, end quote. And that is the part of the equation people don't ever factor in, okay? Especially kids. They factor in all the viralness of a situation.


That's their main motivation. But they never factor in is what I'm doing legal could what I'm doing get me arrested. Kids, you always have to factor in the cost of the crime you're committing. You always have to factor in the cost of whatever it is you're doing. Can you afford to go to jail? Can you afford a lawyer? Can you afford bail? Because those followers you try to impress on social media, they not gonna bail you out. And furthermore, what's funny about the prank to the people who be walking up on folks in the store and they be throwing stuff on them and asking silly questions, nothing brings me more joy than when the person they playing with swings on them.


Because y'all don't even be funny. Now this 19-year-old kid has a charge of bomb hijack threat, which in Boston can get you no less than three years, no more than 20 years. And it wasn't immediately clear If he had an attorney who could speak to his arrest, AKA, he probably can't afford one. Please give Lucas Lebeck the sweet sounds of the Hamiltons The dog all the day. Haw. Alright, you gotta think these things all the way through, man.


Like you Divorce can leave you feeling isolated like you're stuck on an island with no direction. But you don't have to go through it alone. At Hello Divorce, we guide you step by step offering everything from legal advice to financial planning so you can find your way back to solid ground. Start your divorce journey with the support you need@hellodivorce.com because you deserve a better path forward.


This is Jenny Garth from I Do Part Two. You could have lost 10 pounds already if you started one month ago.


So are you ready to start today? Find out if weight loss meds are right for you in just three minutes@tryfh.com. Try fh com. Results vary based on start weight and adherence to diet, exercise, and program goals. Data based on independent study sponsored by Future Health. Future Health is not a healthcare services provider. Meds are prescribed at providers discretion.


Hey There, ritual here to give a big shout out to you for making it through the hectic holiday season. The magic of those family moments. That was you. And now there's new milestones to prep for in 2025, this new year check clean quality pregnancy nutrient support off your to-do list with ritual. We've done the research to create science-backed pregnancy support like our prenatal multivitamin, na choline and fertility support, all designed to be taken alongside each other. But don't just take our word for it. They're also third party tested for microbes and heavy metals and clean label project certified. So whether you're trying, thinking about trying or already there, we don't have to tell you that prioritizing yourself can be the hardest part.


That's why we're helping you get started today with 30% off a three month supply for a limited time at ritual.com/podcast. These statements have not been evaluated by the Food and Drug Administration. This product is not intended to diagnose, treat, cure, or prevent any disease.


There's a type of soil in Mississippi called Yazoo clay. It's thick, burnt orange and it's got a reputation. It's terrible, terrible dirt. Yazoo, clay eats everything. So things that get buried there tend to stay buried until they're not. In 2012, construction crews at Mississippi's biggest hospital made a shocking discovery. 7,000 bodies out there or more. All former patients of the old state asylum and nobody knew they were there. It was my family's mystery. But in this corner of the south, it's not just the soil that keeps secrets. Nobody talks about it.


Nobody has any information. When you peel back the layers of Mississippi's, Yazoo, clay, nothing's ever as simple as you think. The story is much more complicated and nuanced than that. I'm Larson Campbell.


Listen to Under Yzu Clay on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcast or wherever you get your podcast.


IIII hate those videos when I see people running up on folks in the store and just bothering the random shoppers throwing stuff in the air and clapping and yelling and screaming. I cannot stand that. Yeah, there is one where this, this kid, I just seen this. He put a bucket, this old man was shopping and he looked like Steve Harvey too. And he put a bucket over his head and he turned, you see what I'm saying? That One I've seen that one. Yep. You seen it? Yeah. That guy just looked like, yo, what is going on? You know what, Emini here, they gonna do that to the wrong somebody. It's crazy. Somebody you lose their life over things like that. That's what I'm saying. That old man pull out a little 22 and get the blast. And his is is he wrong? Right? No he is not. No, he he is not wrong because it's like he don't bite. Everything ain't funny.


And these older people are not on social media looking at the latest trends and stuff like that. It is, it is serious. It's not, it's not funny all the time. Leave people alone. Yeah. Alright, well thank you for that donkey today Charlamagne. Alright, when we come back, just fix my mess. 805 8 5 1 0 5 1. If you got some problems, relationship issues or anything, call just right now. Phone lines are open. The Breakfast Club. Good morning. The Breakfast Club. Ask about Me relationship problems. Ask about me. You need to beat your coworkers ass. Ask About me. Your coworker need to beat your ass. Call it up Dr. Jess. And I'm here to fix your mess. Fix your mess.


It's getting very much messy. Let me fix it. Morning everybody. It's DEJ Envy. Jess. Hilarious. Charlemagne the guy. We are The Breakfast Club. It's time for Jess. Fix my mess. And we have Samantha on the line. Samantha, good morning. Good Morning y'all. How y'all doing? I'm good. Good morning Samantha. What's up? I've been talking to two different girls and one of 'em for two years. One of them for white gear. They don't know about each other at all. So last week one of the girls, we just gonna call her Jay. She went out with one. She went out with this girl and they with each other before. And we've been having discussions about her because I don't want her to be friends with her because they each other.


So they went out, Jay ended up giving the girl that she slept with Ian and he was touching all of each other. And then she was trying to get her to sleep with her again. And Jay was like, no, I'm not doing that. And then I found out about it. So should I be mad since I've been talking to the other girl or no? No. You shouldn't be mad. And then correct me if I'm wrong, 'cause your phone's still a little choppy. So you said you've been talking to these girls, they don't know anything about each other, but you mad at one of 'em for going out talking to somebody else when you got two of them anyway? Yes, but the, I ain't no, but What But they, she was the main one telling me like she wanted be committed and stuff like that. And I'm like, no, I don't want that. So, and she was like, Go ahead, go ahead.


She don't wanna be committed to, you know, I don't wanna be committed. So I feel like I don know she was lying the whole time. That's what I feel like. So, but but you also been lying the whole time Emini here. Even though you know that you Emini here, they know that you don't wanna be committed. You were u you were upfront about not wanting to be committed, but you still at the same time got two girls that don't know about each other. You know what? Emini here. So you're kind of contradicting yourself. You're like a, a gay hypocrite. I'm wrong. Oh my God. It Is now. Really? Now let me ask you do, do you, you do you really want a commitment? Do you like one more than the other and you really wanna be with one? I like one of them more than the other, but I don't wanna be committed to nobody.


Right now I'm only 20 so I'm, I'm living. Okay, all right. Well yeah, if you only 20 then know you ain't supposed to be you. Listen, you got a whole lot of life to live and you got a lot more experiences to go through before you actually really settle down with a woman. You don't even know if you gonna be gay in five years. You know what I'm saying? You don't even Know. You know, because A man might win your heart. You know, you're still very, very young. So have your fun. Don't get too caught up in somebody else talking to somebody else. If you already starting off with a roster, you get what I'm saying? Gotcha. Alright, thank you. Keep doing. No problem baby girl. Good luck. You too. Bye. Alright. Just fix my mess. How do you think she caught her? What you mean?


How do you think that woman caught her? You think she could smell another vagina on the vibrate? I absolutely do not think that far into these people's Stories. I don't. It's stupid. Just fix my mess. 805 8 5 1 0 5 1 is The Breakfast Club. Good morning. It's the real deal. Help me, help me. Oh my God. I'm all up in your mess. I'm gonna fix it. Fix it, fix it, fix it. Just go fix your mess. 'cause my advice is real Morning, everybody's DJ NV Jess. Hilarious. Charlemagne the God we are The Breakfast Club. We're in the middle of just fix my mess. Hello? Who's this? Hi. I'm gonna be anonymous because my partner listened too. All right, what's your question for Jess?


Okay, so I would, I met the, the, the fact the question is, is it lion if somebody playing your face and not tell you until you ask him? So the back story is I met this guy we've been dating for three years. He met me like, like him to kind of fall for him. And then later on he wanted to tell me that he was married. That was strike one. Damn. Then I was like, okay, well I understand that you about to, y'all separated and you going through a divorce so long as you get the divorce, I'm cool with being with you. Then we go through the relationship. We had a child, then we kind of went through some baby mama, baby daddy drama. Then he ended up cheating on me while we was on a so-called break.


And then so while we back on, I asked him like, did you mess with somebody else while we was on the break? He gonna say yes. So I'm like, why you didn't tell tell me that you was doing you? And He felt like, because he felt like y'all on the break and, and you asked him and he told you the truth. You know what Emini here. So he probably, his argument is, the argument is, I am honest with you. You, I'm telling you now. 'cause you asked me if you didn't ask me because we were on a break, I wasn't obligated to tell you, you know what Emini here, what That's Some, that's some craziness. It's, I don't understand that. That's exactly what he said. Yes, absolutely. Yeah. Because in in a sense, you know, you gotta think about it. Yeah. That's how some guys operate.


But let's back it up. So you was dealing with this guy, you found out later that he was married. Now was he at all separated or on his way to divorce or what and how long were y'all dealing with each other? You know, before you found out he was married? We was dealing with each other for probably like six months. Hmm. And then I had to come out and ask him was he like we we in our twenties and stuff like that. I'm not thinking that regular people just being up and married in their twenties. But I guess that's something that, yeah, well Marriage, don't I Ask the People? Yeah. Marriage don't have an age stipulation on it, you know, well after 18, you know what I'm saying? No, you going get married the day you turn 19. I believe it's not, yeah, it's not a big thing like that.


But the, this is, this is the thing, boo. You found out that he was married, right? And although you are in your twenties that that should have been your exit right there. You know? 'cause that's red flag if nothing else. You know what I'm saying? But you think you had six flags, you just loving all you, you loving all of the, the red flags. 'cause you went back to this man and had kids with him. Yes. Yeah. And I ended up getting pregnant again after he found out that Emini here. After I found out that he cheated on me, I found out I was pregnant. So it was just like, And I, And I guess I don, I guess I'm staying with him because now we got now every about to have two kids together And I just don't wanna be out here raising kids by myself. Like yeah, You And I get it, but listen, not even one kid, you had two.


If it, it starts, if it start like that, it's going end like that. You know? Understand what I'm saying? Like you are once his side bitch and you didn't even know that you was a mistress. You didn't even know that. You know what I'm saying? Imagine what the wife felt like. So then you get back with him. If he cheated on his wife with you, what the hell make you thought that because you had kids with him and because you got back with him that you were gonna be any different Babe? I don't know know. 'cause I'm the fourth baby mama, so I should have already knew that it was gonna be the Same thing. Get off of my phone. Right now it just gets worse and worse. Just like on the movie Disappearing Ex. No, that's why I called Congest. This is a whole mess. It's A mess. Girl. I've, I hate to say I feel for you because I don't you smarter than that.


You been smarter than that. I don't understand why, you know, I don't understand why we do these things. I gotta Get out of this situation. 'cause if he not gonna tell me the truth, he not gonna come out and just tell me things I got to ask him for him to tell me. And I feel like that's lying. Yeah, it is lying. That's the part right there. So, look, do me a favor, Okay? I just wanted to make sure I wasn't crazy. No, you, you ain't crazy. But do me a favor, watch the movie Disappearing ax. Right? It stars Ana Lathan and Wesley Snipes. And listen, this is something that's gonna make you laugh. It's gonna trigger you, but it's gonna make you laugh about your situation. 'cause then you gonna realize, damn, I was dumb. You know what I'm saying? All right, so listen. But don't think you need him to take care of them. Kids like to help, you know, you need to stay with him to take care of the kids.


Look, we do it every day. We do it all the time. We take care of kids by ourselves. Yeah, I've been doing it. I got an 11-year-old. I've been taken care of by myself, so I know I don't need him for that. Let's, this is like, dang, I want a family. I wanna be married one day too. Like, And you still will do that, you young. Like you still can do that. It's all right. Trust me. It's somebody, your person out there, but it ain't him. All right, thank you J. No problem. Alright, Jess, fix my mess. 805, 5. Good. Good information. 1 0 5 1. Now we got the latest one. And can I say this too for if people who like to hear just fix mess, you should subscribe to the Carefully Reckless podcast on the Black Effect iHeartRadio podcast Network. That's what Jess does every week on her podcast that she's had for the last five years.


Okay. You can, you can go to her podcast and send your questions and she'll fix your mess as well there. Thank you. Alright, well we'll get into the latest with Lauren when we come back. It's The Breakfast Club. Good morning. The Breakfast Club Morning everybody. It's DJ Envy. Jess. Hilarious. Charlemagne the guy. We are The Breakfast Club. Let's get to the latest with Lauren. Lauren Becoming a straight Check off man. She gets him from somebody that knows somebody well, she gets the details. I'm the home girl that knows a little bit about everything and She be having the latest on list, the latest with Lauren la Sometimes she have facts, sometimes she have details, sometimes she have a little bit of everything. Well, it's the Latest On The Breakfast Club.


Talk, talk to me. Okay. So we have an exclusive, a song that we're gonna, you, you guys will be able to hear first here on The Breakfast Club. It is a song by yg. It's called 2004. And I wanna give a disclaimer before this song starts, he is talking about being sexually assaulted. And he's talking about this for the very first time ever. But I did wanna give that disclaimer for anyone at this may trigger. Yeah. So I, I received this track yesterday and as you guys can hear, very sensitive content, very personal content. And from what I'm told, he's never talked about this before. And he says it in the song, not even to close family, remember. So his mother will be hearing this song and finding out about this, the rape allegations, when the music comes out, when the music comes out for the very first time.


And the song comes out tomorrow, Friday, March 28th. The song is called 2004. But yeah, you know, You played it from the beginning. That Was the beginning. That was beginning Straight out the gate, bust out like that, Straight out the gate. Wow, Man. Yep. He opens up the song with that verse that we just listened to. Except The beat goes for Eight Ball First and it's a West Coast record. So you start West Coast down, you know, the West Coast dance. Yeah. And then the first line is, when I was young I got written you like, woo. Wow. Dang, That's not that type of record. Or If you just playing it in the car and because your kids love yg too. And then you don't even know what it's gonna be about. And then, yeah, when I was, wow. Yeah. Crazy. And then, so we have a part of another verse where he goes into more detail. YG goes into more detail about how it all played out and how old he was when it happened.


Dang. Yo. Very explicit content. The sad thing about it is, I, I know when, when men usually hear about sexual assault, the first thing other men wanna do is laugh. But it ain't funny because obviously he went through something, he was raped. Right? He was 14 years old and this woman was 30 years old and he was raped. I I, I really, I love the fact that he's able to be vulnerable and to talk about it. 'cause you know, he, he's a hardcore gangster rapper. So the fact that he's able to talk about that, hopefully it'll open up in some lines for other people to be able to talk about some things they've been through as well. Yeah, I think it will too. Because you don't hear men talk about sexual abuse, especially not men in hip hop like you mentioned. So yeah. So sending him, you know, some covering on this because the song will come out tomorrow again, March 28th.


That is Friday. So you guys will be able to hear it in full. And it's a very personal song that you guys will be taking a listen to. It's kind of like looking into like, almost like a diary if he, if he had one, right? Yeah. And he's going into details, so it's not just like it, I said no, he going into details what happened, how he felt and, and how he's dealing with it. I Just hope that he gets like that. He's gotten help for it already. You know, men just for his mental, you know what I'm saying? Like where, whether he went to therapy for it, because you said his mom didn't even know. So she'd be hand it with us Yes. For the People. And he also talks about what that did to him as a man and why he treats women like that. So like you said, he, he, I hope he does get the help he needs. Yeah. Yeah. He referenced that. 'cause he's had some public relationships that didn't work out too well. Yeah. You know, so he he goes into all of that.


Yeah. Annie's a dead Yes. Of a girl, girl, dad, little girl, girl. Yeah. Okay. All right. So just moving right along. This is some what Happened now? No, nothing Bad. Nothing bad girl. Nothing to go live About. All right, well hey yo, shut up. I'm like, wait, I ain't think the interview was messy. I thought we it was gonna be more shame. I was gonna say what happened. No, no, No. This is, I sent you, 'cause I know you're Chris Brown fan. Absolutely. Yeah. Chris Brown just announced his 20th anniversary tour Period. Yes. Is it's a stadium World tour, summer Walker. And Bryson Tiller will be on the show with her. Excuse me. Yes. Your Oh your girl Summer. Okay. I'm gonna still be in, in the, in the, I'm gonna be screaming from the mountaintops.


Her song. She like that bitch got good music. She lucky she got good music. Her music is fired. It is Been, and now It's called Breezy Bowl. So yeah. Chris Brown, summer Walker, Bryson Tiller. It'll be, he'll be headlining some shows in Europe and then in North America. So dope. That was announced today, Bryson. That's what's up. Shout out to Bryson too. That's cool. That's what, that's gonna be a nice show. Yes. Can't wait to see that show. Like a dating like some, somewhere you take your wife, you know? Yep. Your wig. Yeah. So some way you take your not see I ain't wanna say somewhere you take your man. He said wig. I was your man. You, she was confused. She was like, somebody take, she was stuttering. I tried to help her. I didn't even, first of all, you could say somewhere, you take your man somewhere. You take I'm, you manifested somewhere. You take your man old woman because you know Envy got the stu for you.


That's Right. Love. No, no, no, no, no, no. I'm popping out Myna and my man, my man trap Tana trap Trina. What if she bought the tickets? That's work. I can afford tickets. I'm popping out with my man and my man. And my man. Okay. Pop out. But yeah, so, and other news quickly. So yesterday the police in over in Memphis, I received a, a press release stating that they had actually had a suspect now in the SAS Waka shooting in the killing of the artist say so p that they were looking for. And what they released yesterday was that, let me bring it up the name of the, okay, so it's a 20-year-old black male. His name is Jayden Dander.


Dandridge. They have a photo of him that I also posted to my Twitter account and it'll be posted to Brown girl grinding as well. I'm Lauren la on Twitter. And they say that he's gonna be charged with one count of first degree murder, two counts of attempted first degree murder, three counts of employment of a firearm during a commission of a dangerous felony in auto theft. There's also currently a $6,000 reward for any information for people who reach out. Now if y'all know you have some questions about like how they Yeah. How, how did they find out who it was? Yes. Because it looked like from the video that I seen of the shooting, it looked like everybody had masks on. Yeah. So I did reach back out to law enforcement sources that I have over there and have not heard back that back yet. They are hour behind us, so it's pretty early. But they do mention that they spent hours and hours and hours combing through different evidence that they had.


But I can't get more details on how they figured that out. 'cause they did have a photo of Yeah. Of, of him. So that was Fast. They got that, that done fast. So now they just gotta apprehend him, right? Yes. Yep. Appreh. And they're asking for information, which is why they put that reward out. Okay. And then wrapping up, I know we gotta get outta here, bringing it back to New York real quick. Chef G, music artist, chef G The record anxiety, major platinum, all this. Yep. Yes. He also, yesterday in more legal stuff, he pled guilty in gang conspiracy and he's was sentenced to five years in prison. So they've been going back and and forth and had some court stuff. Him, chef G and Sleepy Hollow, who he does often does music with. And remember he came out with Trump Yeah. During all the election stuff. And people thought that that's why they did it because they were going, you know, in the midst of all this legal stuff.


But yes. So he pled guilty yesterday to attempted murder and conspiracy charges linked to a violent gang conspiracy. Yeah. Prosecutor wanted to give him 20 years. He wound up getting five, so. Yep. Yep. Hopefully that brother sits down and, and changes his life and does what he needs to do, come back out and making some more music. Just Sad. 'cause the music is always good with them. But absolutely. Send us some prayers that way as well too. Somebody get some things together over there. But that is it. That's the latest. And also he did come out with Trump numerous times, so we'll see if, if maybe Trump has to put his arm out because he is been doing it for everybody else. Yeah, absolutely. This is the time. Yeah. All right, well that is the latest with Lauren Now People's choice mixes up next. Get your request in. It's The Breakfast Club. Good morning, Wake up. Wake up. You're locked into The Breakfast Club.


Morning everybody. It's DJ Envy, Jess, Hilarious Charlamagne de Guy. We are The Breakfast Club. So salute to Darnell Rollins for joining us this morning. I'm glad I wasn't here for that one. Why Emini here? He he's glad you weren't here too. 'cause he, he really feels like the, the reason that people play with him so much is because we joke him so much up here. He feels like he never really gets his true feelings out. He talked about just him being a comedian and why people play with him so much. I think Darnell, I love Darnell, but I think he lacks self-awareness because he, when you go watch him on that Roast Battle show, the reason they got mad at him is 'cause he wouldn't shut up. Yeah. He was a judge. He kept trying to interject himself throughout the whole show.


That's why they got on his ass. He had nothing to do with us. And he also talked about how where the beef started with him and other comedians and the fact that, you know, he, he, a lot of time it's him standing up for Dave and he says he, you know, Dave's his brother and he stands up for Dave. Yeah. You talking about one situation, SHA Emini here. I think he talking about just in general, like not, not about the, the, the white guys that night at that one particular comedy club he talking about in general. Well, I will say this, people just don't respect Darnell s that has nothing to do with us. Okay. Oh my goodness. What that gotta do with us? All right, well he's gonna be at City and he's Also a comedian. You should be able to take jokes. Like it's not disrespect like we prank him, we joke him prank him.


He should prank us and joke us back. He tries on social media all the time. Yeah. Then he also talks about the four words. It's like four words that he just don't play with. Like he says, what's the words? No, I'm not gonna tell you. Matter of fact, nah, I'm not gonna tell you. Nope. What's the word I'm not gonna tell you. Nope. If he said it in The interview, why can't you say that? I'm not telling you No, because I know what you going to do. You gonna texting them words right now? I don't understand that. I really don't. I I I, if you're a comedian, you should have jokes at all times. That's all I'm simply saying. Alright, well when we come back, we got the positive notice of Breakfast Club. Good morning. Morning everybody. It's DEJ Envy Jess. Hilarious. Charlemagne the guy. We are The Breakfast Club.


It's time to get up outta here. Just before we get up outta here. Earlier in the show we were talking about Jonathan Majors, you remember? Yes. And Charlemagne said that Jonathan Majors in his new movie was better than Denzel. He did. And Charlemagne said he didn't say it, but this is actually what Charlemagne said. Oh. In this movie magazine Dreams, I'm telling you right now, it is really, really, really good. Yeah. I ain't never seen nobody act like Jonathan Majors acted in this movie. Ever. Like that man is gifted. You ain't never seen nobody act like that. You heard what I just said? I ain't never seen nobody act like Jonathan Majors acted in this movie. I've never seen nobody play a role like this and play it as in as intense as he did. You know what I would compare it to? Jonathan was more intense. He Fletcher in the Joker type stuff.


Oh, you meet Gobbler now you would you see so better than Heath Ledger. Better than I said Denzel is done. I said more in intent but better than Denzel is who? In in any movie? Yes. I ain't never seen Denzel play. No. Okay, okay, okay. I never seen Denzel play. No. I'm gonna watch this movie back here. Now you said better than Denzel in any movie. No, I did not man. I said more intense. Yo, you are so down y'all. Y'all not listening. Y'all really not listening. I said more intense. I specifically said if you listen to it, I'm not saying better. I said more intense and then you said better. Better as in more intense. Yes. I've never seen nobody play a role in Disin Intense. And I compared it to he fledge in the Joker. We literal go back and listen.


We literally just heard it. We literally just heard it and so did everybody else. Did you double down? Dummy did not down. Boy y'all, y'all, you're not listening. All you gotta do is go back and listen to it. Sorry, I gotta clean my as. Man, you definitely gotta, nah, you lying. But leave so positive. I'm not. I go back and listen to it, bro. Yes, and listen man, I wanna thank everybody for getting their tickets for the third annual Black Effect Podcast Festival happening Saturday, April 26th at Pullman Yards in Atlanta, Georgia. Sarah Jakes Roberts is gonna be on that stage doing her Woman of Evolve podcast. Carrie Champion will be there with the Naked Podcast tank and Jay Ballin will be there with their RB Money podcast and you can go get your tickets@blackeffect.com slash podcast festival.


You heard somebody call up earlier about the Black effect VIP experience. All of those are sold out, but the general admission tickets are still left and some student tickets are still left. So we'll see you Saturday, April 26th at Pullman Yards in Atlanta, Georgia for the third annual Black Effect Podcast Festival. Alright, well you got a positive note? I do man. I want to tell somebody out there today, I wanna tell Darnell Rollins this walk like you just got the best news of your life. Okay, talk like The World is listening. Move like life is designed in your favor. Energy is magnetic Darnell and confidence binge reality. Some will call it arrogance. Others will say you're naive. But the people who believe good things happen to them, they're usually right.


Breakfast Club bitches, y'all finish or y'all done


Divorce can leave you feeling isolated like you're stuck on an island with no direction. But you don't have to go through it alone. At Hello Divorce, we guide you step by step offering everything from legal advice to financial planning so you can find your way back to solid ground. Start your divorce journey with the support you need@hellodivorce.com because you deserve a better path forward.


This is Ashley ANet from the Ben and Ashley I almost same as podcast. You could have lost 10 pounds already if you already started one month ago. So are you ready to start today? Find out if weight loss meds are right for you in just three minutes@tryfh.com. Try fh.com. Try fh.com. Results vary based on start weight and adherence to diet, exercise, and program goals. Database on independent studies sponsored by future Health. Future Health is not a healthcare services provider. Meds are prescribed at provider's discretion.


Ever Wake up feeling lousy? Knowing something is off with your body? You don't have time for guesswork, you need biome. Forget all the generic health fads. Biome doesn't tell you what you wanna hear. It tells you what's actually going on inside your body. By analyzing your gut microbiome, OME delivers a custom health plan that's as unique as your DNA. It's science, not nonsense. Want energy? What better digestion? OME has your back. Stop trusting amateurs. Go to ome.com for a personalized gut professional. Now call Star, star Gut to get $50 off a full body intelligence test that star, star 4 8 8 to receive a link to the offer.


Hey there, ritual here to give a big shout out to you for making it through the hectic holiday season, the magic of those family moments. That was you. And now there's new milestones to prep for in 2025, this new year Check clean quality pregnancy nutrient support off your to-do list with ritual. We've done the research to create science-backed pregnancy support like our prenatal multivitamin, NA choline and fertility support, all designed to be taken alongside each other. But don't just take our word for it. They're also third party tested for microbes and heavy metals and clean label project certified. So whether you're trying, thinking about trying or already there, we don't have to tell you that prioritizing yourself can be the hardest part. That's why we're helping you get started today with 30% off a three month supply for a limited time at ritual.com/podcast. These statements have not been evaluated by the Food and Drug Administration. This product is not intended to diagnose, treat, cure, or prevent any disease.