
Everyone loves getting good advice and staying in the know. There's nothing like getting a heads up on something before you've even had time to think about whether you need or want it. Well, thankfully, at and t provides personalized recommendations and solutions so you get what's right for you. Whether right for you means a plan that's better suited for you and your family, or a product that makes sense for you and your lifestyle. So relax and let at and t provide proactive recommendations to help empower your best connected life.


Black Tech Green Money isn't just about telling the stories of successful black entrepreneurs. It's also about giving actionable and wealth building strategies that help you protect the future of our communities. That's why we're pleased to be supported by State Farm Insurance. State Farm also believes that we must invest in our communities to achieve economic growth by sponsoring programs like the Axo, which rewards high school students for their academic achievements. State Farm believes that being better neighbors creates better communities. Like a good neighbor. State. Farm is there.


This is Coke Zero sugar. Could I be the best Coke ever? Try and taste with your ears. Hear those bubbles. Imagine them tingling on your top busy deliciousness. Listen to that cascading liquid. A mouth mouthwatering, waterfall, irresistibly, tasty, zero sugar, crisp, refreshing, and ice. Gold is Coke. Zero sugar. The best Coke ever. Try and decide


They're taking black jobs. Black Jobs, huh? Well, I'm sure he meant doctors, lawyers, and teachers. Right, right. Keep going. Entrepreneurs, CEOs. Nope. Supreme Court Justices. Probably not. Presidents. Vice presidents. That's funny. Another day, another racist insult from Trump. Hey, Speaking of black jobs, I got a black job for you. What's that? Making sure The guy that said, black Jobs never becomes President again. I'm Kamala Harris. Candidate for President And I approve this message paid For by Harris for President.


Turn it up. Music fans. This one's for you. Koch Studio is dropping fresh music and performances from artists you love. Like new Jeans. Carol G. Peggy Goo Usher, and Tyler and K's giving you chances to win a trip to one of the biggest festivals of the year. Grab taste that moves you. Scan your Coke. A Coke Zero sugar. 12 ounce can to unlock fan fueled music moments. No purchase necessary. 13 plus and 50 US DC and Canada. 18 plus for select prizes ends October 31st. Rules, eligibility, and prize. availability@cokeurl.com slash Studio usa. Promo Corp Wright 2024, the Coca-Cola Company.


This Is History. What you've done with Shot says you guys have built a platform that influenced S Most. Dangerous. Morning, Show Breakfast. DJ NV Record. I made it just hilarious. Jesse. She scare Nobody. Charlemagne To God. Who made you think the liking of controversial questions would take his part. I like this show. Thanks. Breakfast Club. Good morning. USA Yo. Yo. Yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo. Jess is still out. L LaRosa. Good morning. Good morning. Charlamagne The Guy Beast To the planet. It is Thursday. Hey, we are here.


I feel blessed and black and highly favored this morning. Blessed with another day to serve. Yes. Justin's still on maternity leave. Yes. Raising that little baby. That little baby, baby. How you feel? Ll cool, babe. I Feel good. My, my belt today keeps coming off, but I don't need it. It's just for like the, look, those of you guys who can't see me, I'm wearing like a really nice belt today and I'm really upset that it's not sitting down. It happens when You eat a lot. No, it's not. 'cause I ate a lot. Just guy here. It's, you just, you just a crazy guy here. Yeah. Like, basically. I mean, that's what you getting fat, he Said like, I'm like big back junior. Exactly. That's for no reason. That's what happens when you Eat a lot. HR, If, you listening? I don't know, Lord have mercy. Little attacks Say Eating. Oh, stop it.


If. you remember what you called me the other day? I Don't know what you're talking about. The day you go And. I never said that. Well, How you doing Lauren? I Feel great. I'm good. Feel, feel? Yep. My mom's Here. Your mom's here. What's she, she Here? She died? No, she's not here. No, no, no. She did that one time on her birthday. She was like, y'all get up too early. Too early for her. Yeah. She was up this morning with me though, talking to me about why I need to start watching CNN more as if I don't already watch it. She thinks I'm, what Was her reason? She just thinks I'm just not in tune with what's going on with The World. Well, that's not true. Because the reality of the situation is those news networks are like pop coaching stations. Like I was watching Fox News last night, and one of the anchors on Fox News blamed the P Diddy situation. I saw that for knocking the, the Trump second, second Trump assassination attempt outta the headlines.


Yeah. And that always confuses me because the reality of the situation is these news networks, they center the news that they want to center. Exactly. So Diddy headline can't knock Trump out. If, you don't let it. That's not, And then, and then on the CNN Side, that's Not, that's not true. That's not true. That's Not, that's not true. Because people wanna see what's news. Right? So they're not gonna show something that people don't want to see. If everybody's talking about the Diddy situation, and Diddy situation is True, they don't have to talk about the Diddy situation on cable news. It's Fox. Is Fox, nbc go to another channel. Yes. But that's the problem. So people go to another. So you can't complain about people not focusing on politics, not focusing on the election, not focusing on You know thi things that are actually important. If you are If you, the news networks are choosing to center and, and that kind of Thing.


CNN had Michael Cohen on reacting to that remark. And I was like, this is what, you See what I'm saying? Yeah. I'm like, this is insane. And he also was giving his spiel on being at MDC Brooklyn, that the, the where Diddy was is being held right now. Yeah. Yeah. And like, how horrible it is. And like all of that stuff, And I was like, man, I did a whole that my, my whole last piece You know I do a segment on the Daily Show called, in my opinion, my last piece I did was literally just about that. Fox News, M-S-N-B-C, CNN, y'all are the ones that center the story. Yeah. So you so, so, so, so you center what is should actually be centered? Well, they Go with what's, what's ratings, what's, what's gonna pull the biggest ratings. They're gonna go What's Trend. And that's corny when you CNN M-S-N-B-C and Fox News.


Well, they, one of the Don't Turn y'all for the same reason I turned The, Breakfast Club. Our TMZ or or Hollywood unlocked a shade room like no. Nah. What after The World win. That's right. Well, let's get the show cracking. Babyface Ray will be joining us this morning. Detroit's own his albums. The kid that did is out right now, so we gonna be kicking it with him. And then we got front page news next with Morgan. So don't move. It's The Breakfast, Club. Good morning. Good morning everybody. It's CJ nv Jess, hilarious. Charlamagne, the guy. We are The, Breakfast Club. Lauren LaRosa filling in for Jess. And let's get in some front page news before we jump into it. Morgan, I just wanna remind you guys tonight the Jets take on the New England Patriots at eight 15 on Thursday night Football. Now what's up, Morgan?


Hey, y'all. Hey. Happy Thursday. Almost making it to the weekend, right? Yes. Friday. Ease. Yes. Okay. So former president Donald Trump, he made his first appearance since the reported assassination attempt on his life that happened in Palm Beach, Florida over the weekend. He spoke at a rally in Uniondale, New York, where security was extremely tight. He talked about flipping the state and the possible reason for the most recent attempt on his life. Let's hear more from Trump. It hasn't been done for a long time, but we are going to win New York, not once, but twice.


And there are those that say he did it because Trump is gonna turn this state around. He's gonna turn this country around. He's gonna make America great again. I'm not sure why that would be the reason, but You know. That's what he said. I I, I don't see it. But nothing surprises me nowadays. I mean, Trump does seem to have a, a, a lot of support in New York City. If, you just You know out and about. You'll see a lot, you'll see a good bit of Trump paraphernalia and like they love the protest. Like when something happens to Trump, they'll be right there waving. They Trump flag Trump. Actually, I actually drove it with somebody in front of me who had a, a Trump flag at the look at that Trump flag the whole time. But I was just curious, the, the percentage of people that are Democrats compared to the percentage of Republicans in New York.


Do we know? I thought it was like 60 40, something like that. Yeah. New York's always been a a, a tradit Jersey, right? Blue state In fact. Yeah. New York actually has voted Democratic in the last nine elections. So Trump also said that during the rally, he felt like God saved his life so he can make America great again. Also important to note, New York officials said earlier reports about explosives being found near the site where that rally was. They, those reports are false. So keeping in mind, You know, trying to keep things safe around New York and the speaking of New York elsewhere in New York, Brooklyn to be exact police body cam video is expected to be released in a matter of days following a subway shooting that left three people injured.


One gravely New York, NYPD Chief of patrol John Shell, he says 37-year-old Darrell Nichols was threatening them with a knife, and they only shot at him after their tasers failed to stop him. But some are saying that he was shot because he evaded paying his fare. Let's hear more from Shell who describes the incident briefly Involving a person in mental distress involving a person armed with a deadly weapon involving an oncoming occupied train. Yeah. So NYPD Chief of Patrol, John Shell, he called it a fast-paced event that happened within two minutes and 26 seconds. Besides Michels, two innocent bystanders were injured again, one critically.


And the NYPD officer and A-N-Y-P-D officer was also shot. Meantime, Nichols has been charged with attempted assault, criminal possession of a weapon and menacing. Is That the, is that the one who they said was evading the fair? Yeah, He evaded the fair and then the police was following him and told him, You know to, I guess they were trying to get his license or whatever it may be. And he pulled out a knife allegedly out his pocket. And they tried to You know, hit him with the taser. The taser didn't work. And then they fired a bunch of shots on the crowded train And hit a, hit a by thin a couple By-in. Yeah. Yeah. I that's, I did hear that story. So that police body cam video should be released in a matter of days for regarding that situation. And when it comes to our government house, Republicans have killed, excuse me, let me rephrase that.


House Republicans have killed Speaker Mike Johnson's spending Bill. Oh, Johnson's, yeah. Yeah, he's up. Morgan Johnson's proposal would've extended funding at current spending levels for the next six months and avoided a government shutdown at the end of the month. However, the plan also tied in voter ID laws, which caused 14 GOP members to withdraw their support. It if a stop gap, stop gap funding plan is not passed, the government will shut down on October 1st. Yeah. So I'll keep you guys posted on that. And do we have time for one more? No, why don't the next hour, why, like the Government shuts down like once a year or, Or threatens to shut or threatens to shut down A Yeah, Well in the next hour we definitely will talk about how the Fed reserve is going to cut rates.


So You know with the bad comes to good. That's Right. All right, well, we'll talk about that next hour. Thank you, Morgan. Thank you. Everybody else get it off your chest. 805 8 5 1 0 5 1 If. you need to vent. Phone lines are wide open. Again, (800) 585-1051. Call us up right now. Is The Breakfast. Club. Good morning, The. Breakfast Club. This Is your time to get it off your chest. Whether you're mad or blessed, I hate the way that you walk, the way that you talk. I hate the way that you dress. Everything with me is blessed. Call up next (800) 585-1051. Not Just me, I'm with the coach of Phil. Hello. Who's this? Hey, he from a L Hey, what's up D What's up D from the a TL.


Hey man, I, Hey, what's going on solo man? You know, I, I just wanna let y'all know about this Trump situation, man on this Kamala And I think it's, I think to be focusing more on the illegal immigrants because more American people is a You know, killing these illegal immigrants here. So I, that's all I gotta say. Well, she is You know And I think one thing that she keeps focusing on is the fact that there is a bipartisan bill that republicans and Democrats both came up with. You know that that would You know properly secure the border. But Donald Trump shot it down because he didn't want the Democrats to get credit for, for, for, for that, for passing that because they're in the White House now. Hello? Who's this?


This is ano. Hey, what's up bro? Get it off your chest. Yeah, listen, with everything that's going on with PD right now, biggie smiles must be rolling in his grave. Okay. Look, I hope that he really isn't guilty of all of this stuff there. You're talking about when it comes to sex trafficking, And I mean. Yeah, he was found with guns and the whole cast video, but still, as far as sex trafficking, like carrying, carrying women from one state to the other. I mean, I I really hope he, he, he really didn't do it. Hey, Hey, we are ridiculous. We we're, I'm not gonna say we Some people are so ridiculous why he say that? Because just listen to what he said just now. He goes, I understand You know the Kathy thing and the guns and then, but still like as if that isn't huge.


Right? You know what I mean? As we didn't just watch him beat the hell out of a girl and then he got illegal firearms. AK 40 sevens with serial numbers scratched off ar 15 You. know what I'm saying? Ar fifteens like, what are we talking about? I did that. Why do we just dismiss that? I Throw the crazy thing is because he's not being charged with, with beating up Cassie You know he's being charged with the sex trafficking and the guns. Yes. So, but re regardless. But The's still horrible. The assault shows the the assault. That's why he didn't get no bail yesterday. One 'cause the assault shows that he's violent. He, he he's violent and he might do commit violence to potential witnesses. Correct. I watched did you watching the news yesterday, man, he's kind of, he's really ridiculous. I did not know he was reaching out to all of those different people. I yeah. Kind of intimidate Them. They, so this is what I'm trying to explain to people.


Like people keep saying they don't really have much on them. They don't gotta put much out. 'cause a couple things that they mentioned are so major it works. The first time they mentioned it, they mentioned one person. It mention One person, Ms. Harper From Dirty Money. Yes. Connie, What's his name? I don't, i's ani, I get her first name wrong. Say Yesterday. They mentioned a few Yesterday. They mention a whole bunch. Yeah. So it's like, it's given, they not throwing everything out there 'cause they don't have to. A couple things. They drop, it'd be enough to seal the deal. So That's Right. I forgot who I started talking to was somebody on CNN and they said they, they can't trust, they can't trust him or his impulses. No. Correct. That's what they said. They said the the the reason the casing video shows he's violent. And they said the fact that he's called so many different people shows that he's really trying to intimidate these people and they can't let him out.


They said they can't trust him. Even if he's home with no cell phone and none of that, he can't trust him. They said yesterday some of the people that that, that they got him on record reaching out to, he ain't spoke to in years. And then once they got subpoenaed he reached out. Come On man. Yeah, he's ridiculous. He's ridiculous. I mean it is what it is. Sean Combs is, that was ridiculous. I will say It's true watching some of these analysts, like these white analysts get on these major kibble networks and say freak off that I've watching that has been kind of crazy freak off. Right. That has been kind of crazy. I do like watching them though. 'cause they don't have no bias. No, they have no idea of nothing. All Of it is just based off evidence that they got facts, the, the facts that they got. And legal analysis. That's it. Get it off your chest.


805 8 5 1 0 5 1 If. you need to vent. Hit us up now it's The. Breakfast. Club. Good morning The. Breakfast Club. Wake up. Wake up as This is your time to get it off your chest. Whether you mad or black, we want hear from you on The. Breakfast Club. Hello. Who's this? Hey, this is Chris Murphy. Hey Chris Murphy. What's up? Get it off your chest. Yes, I'm a farmer and both sides of my family farm and heck we've just doing it all our life basically. And man, I just think that Trump, who would do a whole lot better for people that You know Feed America and few other countries as well.


You know as far as prices and everything. Okay. So you feel like Trump will look out for you better than Kamala Harris will? Well, I mean, I'm not saying he won't, but I'm just saying he's letting us know more about it. You know there's more behind the scenes that we don't know, but You know price has been the same since 1970s. Just about What do you grow on your farm? Corn. Soybean. The price of corn's the same as it was back in the 1970s but You know everything else is up. So it's just, it's just hard man. What'd You say you calling from? I live in Kentucky, west Kentucky. Okay. Alright. Well thank you for calling and listening Christian. Alright.


Thank you man. Pace. Hey Mike. Meek Said he bought a farm yesterday. Yeah, I did see Meek said he bought a farm. Hello? Who's this? Yeah, iPhone SIM was good. Ev he was good. Charlamagne iPhone. What up brother? I got a, I got a daughter. Who in ninth grade. Now I don't got time for it. You heard all my, all my energy going that way. You heard I ain't mad at you. I Be hearing y'all though. I ain't mad at you. What's up though brother? That's how you stay out trouble bro. You already know that. Yo. Listen What? What group of migrants are talking about? When he said they're eating the dog eating the cats All Haitians. Nah, Haitians. Haitians so passe. All my Haitian math out there. Listen Around my neighborhood is natural. Come to see him.


They had the rally yesterday. It was so many Hastes. Right. Going to your truck. But they didn't have some other guys with the T-shirt saying Hijack patch Hija Dogs. Oh my God. It was crazy there yesterday at the Coliseum. You lived by where they had to rally yesterday, right? Yeah. Down the block. Yeah, that it was crazy yesterday. Hospital was crazy now to Coliseum. Yeah, but I gotta get ready right now bro. Go get my daughter. I love y'all. Keep hope alive. No, Diddy You Know what I I was by you the other day, right? And I went to this restaurant called Salt You. know what salt is? Nah, In Freeport it was. It was in Freeport. It was a little past you but it, it was, I was out there and oh man, me and my wife had an amazing time out there at Yo listen Peep game two, listen since be talking about that, every time you have a little show they be like, yo, I see your boy envy here.


I say Yo ball to NB. Tell him sent. They be like, nah he ain't left us back here. I Be like damn. I Be like damn yo bro. With that show was I though too and and Jersey. That s Nice. Thank you fool. Alright, well appreciate you brother y Alright man, get it off your chest. 805 8 5 1 0 5 1. We got just with the mess with Long OSA pull coming up. We Do Diddy, Denied, Bail AGAIN. The saga continues all. We'll talk about that when we come back. It's The, Breakfast. Club. Good morning The. Breakfast Club. Morning everybody. It's DJ Envy. Jess hilarious. Shamine the guy we are The Breakfast. Club. Let's get to Jess with the mess with Lauren LaRosa news is real.


Jessica Robin Moore just don't do no lie. Don't she don't spell nobody worldwide mess on The. Breakfast Club. She's a coaches. Lauren. Lauren, I'm back. And. I got the mess. Talk to me. All right, so Diddy yesterday was in court again for an appeal on his or last arraignment when he did not receive bail. The appeal did to try and get him outta there. And a judge ruled yesterday very swiftly that Diddy should not come home. The judge yesterday, judge Andrew Carter, said the government has proven the defendant is a danger.


The bail package is insufficient even on risk of flight. So yesterday Diddy's attorneys, mark Aglio and there was a second attorney there as well yesterday, argued that Diddy has done everything that he can do to surrender himself to the court. They argued that because Diddy for several months now has been reporting to prosecutors where he is. The fact that he moved to New York, the fact that he You know is trying to sell his plane and all of this different stuff that he isn't, isn't a risk, he isn't danger. The the judge was so not here for was not buying it whatsoever. And the bail package originally, remember he offered the $50 million of the homes and all that stuff.


In addition to that, yesterday they refiled documents, Diddy's team saying that they would monitor Diddy, the security company would basically monitor him and a new security company. A new security company would monitor like logs of who he's talking to, who's coming into his home. He would have no women coming into his home. But what about the guys? I dunno. You know what Funny, I thought about that yesterday, Todd, the indictment said women and others. Okay, Well listen, they said that Diddy will restrict female visitors specifically with the exceptions of family members or the mother of his children. They also said that in general that they, he would limit the visitors. So when it comes to the guys, he would limit the anybody outside of women to family, property, caretakers and friends who are not co-conspirators in the federal indictment.


Which at this point I don't even understand how he knows who may be a co-conspirator because so many people have been around him forever. But they didn't get into that specifically. And then they even got to the point in the arraignment yesterday because Diddy's team at this point was just throwing daggers out there trying to, they Started to sound ridiculous. Yeah, it was going downhill. They started talking about he was in the church and, and the judge cut them off at that point. But he said they, they mentioned that they would monitor him for 24 hours with surveillance, surveillance cameras. And that's The problem. Now y'all been monitoring everybody with surveillance and nobody knew And no cell phones, no wifi, no cell phones, no internet. I Didn't, I don't believe that when they start saying stuff like that, I just don't believe that. How you not gonna have a cell phone and no internet? I didn't believe it. But when I say the judge and And I was just li watching live tweets from a reporter in the court, you couldn't even hear it.


But I felt the judge's energy to judge he was pissed. Was not with none of it. It was so over. He sound so stupid. He had to pick up his Kids. 'cause he was like, all right, is that you at More is did more. Yes, literally. So he was, the judge was pissed. The prosecutors basically laid out their case again. But they went more into detail about reasons why they are saying that Diddy is dangerous to this case and dangerous to others. So they mentioned yesterday that Diddy had called one of the witnesses who'd been subpoenaed to try and convince this witness that everything was consensual. And this same witness, he's telling this person, they have this on record. Like they have different recordings, they have text messages. Diddy was talking to this woman allegedly and, and tells this woman like, If, you show support for me. You have nothing to worry about. They also brought up the Ms.


Collina Harper again. And now they mention that it was 128 times that they had been communicating. Now they got more into detail with this because Diddy's attorneys came back and said, well, when it comes to Ms. Colleena Harper, who was the most recent person we know of, that he contacted, that was after September 10th, after Dawn Richard filed Diddy's attorney said, well, we talked to her because her lawyers reached out and said they wanted to release a statement. We said, go ahead, do whatever you wanna do.


Everyone loves getting good advice and staying in the know. There's nothing like getting a heads up on something before you've even had time to think about whether you need or want it. Well, thankfully, at and t provides personalized recommendations and solutions so you get what's right for you. Whether right for you means a plan that's better suited for you and your family, or a product that makes sense for you and your lifestyle. It feels good knowing that at and t has your back. They take out all the guesswork and the stress letting you get back to simply doing you. Whether you're a dedicated entrepreneur, a multihyphenate creative, a busy parent, or all of the above, you deserve a service provider that gets you and your needs. So relax and let at and t provide proactive recommendations to help empower your best connected life.


In the selection, we each face a question, what kind of country do we want to live in? We choose freedom. Freedom, the freedom not just to get by, but get ahead. The freedom to make decisions about your own body. We believe in the promise of America and we are ready to fight for it because when we fight, we win win. I'm gonna keep on running because a winner don't quit on themselves. Paid for by Harris. For President


State Farm Insurance gets it. Representation alone doesn't equate to authenticity. State Farm understands and wants to help protect our communities by investing in our future, building off the hard work our parents have done before us. We all are looking to create generational wealth so that our families and generations behind us have a better starting point than we did. That begins with financial literacy. State Farm helps fund programs like Project Ready, a National Urban League program committed to the educational achievement of black and brown youth. To date participants have been awarded over $11 million in scholarships offers as a direct result of contributions from State Farm at Eating Wall Broke. We hear inspiring rags to richest stories on each episode from our guests. But with State Farm, you can begin to write your own success story. State Farm believes that being better neighbors creates better communities and have a long lasting impact. Like a good neighbor. State Farm is there.


Life is happening around us. So many things to do, places to go. If, you switch off, you're out of it. But If you switch on. You're part of it. Subscribe to the Washington Post today at Washington post.com/iheart. Switch on the Washington Post.


Hey, gorgeous. It's Paris Hilton. Get the party started with my new album, infinite Icon out now and stream the new single Bad Academy Welcome To the Bad Academy. I wanted this album to be an escape. Take people to a happy place where they can heal and party in equal measure. And most of all, be your own unapologetic icon. Listen on iHeartRadio and visit infinite icon.com to order the album sponsored by 1111. Media


Do like no, basically like no pressure. Thanks for letting us know though. And then they followed up and said also she was worried that she was being misrepresented in the media because of Dawn Richards civil suit, which mentions Colleena Harper a lot. The judge responded back and said, well, if all of that is the case, why did Diddy feel like he needed to call her and talk to her as well? That's right. And they, they, they really couldn't. All they kept saying was, well, she felt like her reputation in the media You know what I mean, was, was being tarnished. And you and you will not receive bail if they know you have reached out to multiple witnesses after they were subpoenaed. Not to mention one of the potential star witnesses. Yes, Kathy? Yes. There's a video of you beating the ass. Yep. Come on. And they also, the, the prosecutors gave like a timeline of other witnesses.


They said as far as back as 2023, he had been reaching out to witnesses who had been subpoenaed. And they have, they're able to track it a according to the prosecutors, allegedly on a timeline where there were some people that were subpoenaed that Diddy hadn't spoken to in years. But after they were subpoenaed, he directly reached out to them. And sometimes it was through intermediate parties, like not directly from his phones. And he was actually telling people like, I'm not supposed to be talking to you. Don't text me. So he knew what he was doing was not right. Now on Cassie, the video came up, the judge asked about the video. The the judge said, listen, you're saying all this stuff like this man is a dangerous, like I can just let him out and this case won't be interrupted at all. But what about that video?


So the there, the attorneys are then trying to explain that this was a lover's quarrel. Cassie was upset according to Diddy's attorneys because of something she found in his phone. They both were toxic to each other. They both were went and received third party help at that time. They were in love. The judge says, what does love have to do with it? And that's not me just paraphrasing or being funny. The judge literally said, what does love have to do with it? Yeah. At that point I was like, oh, did he going to jail? I couldn't believe the lawyer even tried to play that angle. Like we didn't see the video. I like that was not a lover's Quarrel. I said yesterday that that Was a woman getting beat. She was trying to work. She was trying to run. She was trying to flee. Yeah. And then so then they, they again, You know, have a conversation about what he's actually being charged for.


The Diddy's attorney responds to the judge when the judge says, well what does love have to do with it? And he tries to make it clear, well we are here because he's being charged for sex trafficking. And the judge says, well, you mentioned that in their love they bring third parties into their relationship. Right? That third party is a sex worker. That sex worker is then being paid and traveled in for prostitution basically. Mm. Isn't that sex trafficking? And Diddy's attorney responds and says, well, I spoke to the agency and they say that these workers don't have sex. They're not that, like they're not, they're not paid to have sex on their watch, like as a job. If they choose to do it outside of work, that's their own choice. But That's still illegal. Listen, Like what's going on here, Lloyd? The judge said, alright, I hear you, but let's go back to the danger.


'cause you're not even speaking to the fact that I'm saying that this man is dangerous. They, they really, I felt like Diddy's attorneys yesterday, they they couldn't speak to the major things that the judge kept asking them to speak to. Yep. And it resulted in the judge saying, You know what? This man is dangerous. No, he needs to stay right where he's at. And and that judge kept bringing up the Cassie video. Well, You Know what it's, it's funny, I I spoke to a couple of sources. I mean, this is New York spoke, spoke to a couple people and they said the main reason was one, that video, they said the video just showed him to be violent and showed him to be the fact that he can break or crack at any moment. So that was one of the reasons. And they said the other reasons is they feel like if he sits for enough time, he'll be able to start opening up and talking about where these sex workers came from. Who brought these sex workers in.


They feel like he'll start telling once he sits there long enough. 'cause he wants to get out. Man, look, I I mean his attorney is saying he's gonna fight the good fight we not giving up. But I, I don't see this going well for Diddy whatsoever. Yeah, me neither. I I, and it's, it just, I, I just really can't wrap my mind around someone having so much to lose and moving the way he was moving. It just makes me think that man doesn't have not one single solitary friend around him because If, you worth a billion dollars. You got kids, you got all these employees. All you need is one person that cares about you. All it takes is one person to say hell no. Get these guns away from him. No, you're not getting no prostitutes. You're getting a girlfriend. Actually you need a wife. But somebody should have been there to, to tell Sean Combs to grow up or maybe he didn't listen because he's too far gone off drugs, alcohol and booty.


Well, all types of booty. Far Gone. Gone sit Down now. Variety booty variety of booty. Yeah. But, but let Women booty men booty. And it Has nothing to do with Other booty. And the, and the indictment. It says women and others. 72 gender identities. Did he seem like he wanted to try every flavor? Jesus. Oh my god. Jesus. Did that come from a source too? No, that wasn't even, I didn't say they got it from the document. Look at you reading documents. Look at you with sources. I like the energy up here this morning. Yeah, but I Would say this, it had nothing to do with the money. It just, you just don't have About the booty. Why you stuck on this booty? Because this man seems like a addict, A sex addict, a drug addict, a power addict. He is. He seems like it. Yes. And being in that cell is gonna be the first time in probably forever that he's forced to sit still and get sober. And reality is gonna hit him hard. Whatever he's been running from, he cannot run no more.


Yeah, well he gonna, he gonna sit with it for sure. And we gonna be, we we'll be following it. So we'll keep people updated envy with the sources. I like that for you. Maybe Ain't got no damn sources. Got some sauce. I just be talking to myself. Oh nah, I ain't got no sauce. I think you have sources. I ain't got no sauce. That's okay. I believe in you. Nah, that's All I put you on some of my sauce. Whatcha talking About? I said I believe in you. Envy. Relax. We can get to the sauce with the booty. We wrapping up. We are not going there today. I bet that much. That is just with the mess with Laura La Rosa. What's up next? Vy, come on. I'm trying to get you out of this. But You know what's kind of interesting. 72 flavors of booty is crazy back. You wanna back agenda back 72. That's basket Rob flavors I basket. I wanna put it on the court transcript that I tried to back and be outta the booty and he went back to the booty.


You Can't, you can't, you can't resist. It's 72 flavors. Oh, all. When we come back. When we come back, I'm sorry. When we come Back. When you back back. All right, we got front page news with Morgan. It's The. Breakfast, Club. Good morning. You are checking out The. Breakfast Club. Morning everybody. D-E-J-N-V. Just hilarious. Charlemagne the guy. We are The, Breakfast Club. Laura LaRosa filling in for Jess. And let's get in some front page news, some quick sports tonight. Football jets take on the Patriots at eight 15. All right. I feel Like that's such a waste of time. What? But suits all the Jets and Patriots fans. But You know whatever. Yeah, Your team got washed. But my team sucks so I'm shut. Shut your team. Shucks. Shut up. I am his team. What sucks. Shucks. He said shucks.


They Shuck too. He get so mad. And a little Job. Yeah, we see we we a little trash. We a little trash. But good morning Morgan. Good Morning. Good morning. Okay y'all, so the Fed Reserve is cutting interest rates for the first time in more than four years. Good news for us. Right? Yay. Fed, fed Chairman Jerome Powell said The economy is making strides and further detailed their decision. Let's hear more from Fed Chairman Jerome Powell. This decision reflects our growing confidence that with an appropriate recalibration of our policy stance, strength in the labor market can be maintained in a context of moderate growth and inflation moving sustainably down to 2%. Our economy is strong overall and has made significant progress toward our goals over the past two years.


The labor market has cooled from its formerly overheated. State inflation has eased substantially from a peak of 7% to an estimated 2.2%. Our patient approach over the past year has paid dividends. Inflation is now much closer to our objective and we have gained greater confidence that inflation is moving sustainably toward 2%. Yeah. So the central bank cut rates by half a point. The decision lowers the federal funds rate to arrange between 4.75% to 5%. Interest rates had remained at their highest level in over two decades since July of last year. And the Fed had maintained a goal of lowering inflation to 2%. Again, as previously mentioned in the audio, it's at 2.2 or something like that, or near there.


August saw the 12 month inflation rate fall to 2.5%. Its lowest since February of 2021. Now investors say the Federal Reserve interest rate cut has added significance to the presidential election with that just being weeks away. Historically it's the closest the central bank has come to an enacting and easing a cycle just before an election in nearly half a century. A brand new rate cutting phase tied this close to November 5th hasn't happened since 1976 and 1984. The elections then. So yeah, very interesting to see that the, the rate has been cut and That's great 'cause it'll help people with purchasing homes and that'll help people with borrowing money for cars or home improvements or anything that they need.


Any type of of lending. So you, the interest rates will be a lot lower, which will help you when it, when it comes to, to pay these things back. So that's a great thing. Yeah, Absolutely. As Charlemagne says, all the things that matter to the people. Speaking of things that matter to the people. Vice President Kamala Harris, she will speak on abortion rights in Georgia this week. Now Harris will host the event on Friday to highlight her support of reproductive rights, likely focusing on Amber Thurman and Kandy Miller to Georgia women whose deaths she blames on the state's abortion ban. Now Harris's campaign says she will highlight the stark contrast between her commitment to fight for reproductive freedom and the devastating and deadly consequences of Trump's abortion bans. Georgia's bans, abortions after fetal cardiac activity is detected, which is usually around six weeks.


So if there's a heart heartbeat, yeah, you Yeah, an abortion cannot be carried out. Now Thurman, she died after doctors made her wait 20 hours in an Atlanta hospital while she experienced complications from abortion medication. Miller also experienced complications from abortion medication. And her family says she too was scared to seek medical help during the, because of the Georgia State abortion laws. Now Thurman's death was ruled preventable by the state, a committee of 10 doctors. And during the NABJ session that Kamala Harris sat down with them for, she said this young mother should still be alive raising her son 'cause the woman had another son and pursuing her dreams of attending nursing school, she went on to say this is exactly what we feared when Roe was struck down.


In more than 20 states, Trump abortion bans are preventing doctors from providing basic medical care. Yeah. So it's really sad to see what's happening as as of that. Now, meanwhile, California Governor Gavin Newsom, he's weighing in on Trump politic and podcast. He spoke on the politic and podcast when he said the debate between Trump and VP Harris was terrible adding, he almost had a word with Trump regarding the state of California. Let's hear from Newsom. It was terrible. You can't look at it objectively and not make that conclusion. Did, did you and Trump have any words? No I didn't. I wanna have some words with him today after he is trash in California. He was here in California at his golf course right on the coast. The Pacific Ocean behind him couldn't be more beautiful saying it's the worst state in The World trashing everything about California.


Yeah. So he didn't like that. Newsom said it was obvious that Trump lost the debate. But after it was over, he watched the former president tell reporters and associates that he won. He didn't like that. What was That when he said it was terrible? He mean, what does he mean? Trump's performance. That's what they was asking him about. Yeah. Oh, okay. Okay. Okay. His performance was terrible. And for my last story, the Biden administration is announced. I'm Ladies If. you shop at Sheen tmu, listen up. This one's for you. The Biden administration is announcing new regulations to curb the significant increase abuse of the de minimis shipping exemption by Chinese e-commerce giants. The White House says Chinese retail giants like Sheen or sheen, however you pronounce it. Temu and Alibaba have all abused the de minimus shipping exemption, which allows shipments of $800 or less to enter the US duty free flooding the market with items while evading tariffs.


Now the volume of these types of shipments entering the US has skyrocketed from 140 million per year a decade ago to over a billion today. So the administration plans to introduce new rules to close the loophole, like enhanced data collection for the shipments requiring detailed information, a 10 digit classification number and the identity of the filer. So I'm not sure how that's really gonna impact those, those, those shippings that you get the the You know all of those things. But I'm just saying look, be on the lookout for it. I think that's crazy. I, because I think a lot of people use t and Sheen and Alibaba to furnish their homes to buy their wardrobes because it's so much cheaper they can't afford it here. So now you are taking that discount away from people For what?


And it was disrespectful to just say, ladies, if we as if we don't shop at Timo, I shop at Timo as a band. You from Timo I bought three. Anybody shop didn't even know Baba Jean has furniture Basic. Their prices are seen. That furniture gets Pushed to you all the time. I just asked somebody yesterday 'cause I wanted to go and get one of the bathroom organizers like, have you ever ordered from here? And they were like, well it's just like sheen so you might as well just do it. Well the prices are too low and You know the Government always in somebody's business. Well that's your front page news. I'm Morgan Wood, make sure you're following me on social at Morgan Media. And for more news coverage, be sure you're following the Black Information Network and BIN news.com.


Thank y'all. How Was your team Mu short Charlemagne, is it like one leg longer than the other or were they fine? Was it like the Go Control? No, The cargoes were cool. I bought three pair of cargoes, No problems. Fish. Well and all that. I mean I didn't wash 'em. I only wore all of em once. I mean it was only like $9. Have you ever ordered from Sheen? I never ordered from Sheen. I just wanna see if the quality is different. It's the same thing because it gives us the same thing. You be ordering your hair machine. Right? Don't Play with, do not play with me. This, this Is theory of Strands. This is no this. Trust me. This ain't ghost prices. This ain't that. Okay, well the Government and Charlemagne always in Somebody's business. Thank you Morgan. Now when we come back, Detroit's own baby face, Ray will be joining us. His album. The kid that did is out right now. We'll talk to him next.


It's The. Breakfast. Club. Good morning The. Breakfast Club. Morning everybody. It's D EJ Envy Jess. Hilarious. Charlamagne the guy We are The. Breakfast. Club. Lauren Lar is filling in for Jess. We got a special guest in the building. The kid That did. Yeah, Baby Face Ray. Yeah. What's up brother? How you feeling? What's popping? How you doing my brother? I'm Doing good. You doing alright? Yeah, I'm Chilling. I love the title of that new album man. What? What does that title mean? The kid that did Kid that did Man originally I got it from Sauce Walker. It was a quote he was saying You, know what I'm saying? But I felt like it applied to what I had going on and everything that I did so far in my career. So it originally started out as a mix tape idea where I wanted to put all the group artists that I was dealing with on it.


But it ain't work out like that and then it turns into a album. Dope. We've been talking about how how much Detroit has influence on the game right now. Speaking about that for a little bit. 'cause for a while it, it was, it was difficult to get out being a Detroit artist. Yeah it was tough for us at first but now like everywhere you go they love us You. know what I'm saying? It feel good right now. You know but at first it was rough. Hey they ain't even want to hear it. What was The switch? What was the change? I, me, I always say this, I think when T came out with the first day out, it kinda like opened it kinda shined light on Detroit for that type of sound. You know what I'm saying? And then everything after that sold of do it was cool. You know it's interesting to, I saw somebody, somebody sent me a tweet where they said baby face rage music is all about getting money and hustling.


Even If you are broke. His music will motivate you to go get a bag. How does it feel to hear people say things like that about you? 'cause You know for me growing up, that's what Jeezy felt like. Mm. You know what I'm saying? That's a cool title to put on me. I'm glad they putting that on me than anything else You. know what I'm saying? I'm glad I can, I'm glad I can motivate 'em to do that You know what I'm saying? I hate when they, I don't hate when they said and they trying to put it like that. Like I'm just down talking to everybody that was broke. 'cause I used to be broke before I remember how I used to be. So, but it's cool. I ain't tripping At this point. Do you feel like you're getting like your flowers or like your just do team? Definitely, definitely. How they received my last album definitely motivated me and made me feel loved and supported still. What, what motivated you to get a bag when you hear people say You know damn baby face Red music motivates me to go get some money.


What motivated you Being in the mix? Like when I was young I was in the mix You, know what I'm saying? I, I probably was in the mix with the wrong crowd but just seeing what they did and that motivated me to get a bag. It wasn't even about rap, it was just what the things they did and how they carried they self with still. So now you're not in the mix. What motivates you today? Today? Yeah. My kids You. know what I'm saying? My family, my fans and stuff like that. That's what keeps me going for real. I always look at your kids and be like, I don't really have a baby face 'cause this is what a real baby face looks like. Nah, for real. I be looking at them like this crazy. This is how I used to look when I was little. Like it's crazy word. I love seeing You know Saba was up here. And, I love the fact that Detroit is coming together a lot more than before. Yeah. You know there was just so many beefs on so many different sides of Detroit but it, it feels like that's been squashed.


What what? What do you think the reason that that has been? I think it's more of everybody understanding that we got business to handle You. know what I'm saying? We ain't gotta be like each other or hang around each other. But all the bull that's in the mix, we ain't gotta You, know what I'm saying? Like you get in the bag whatever, go do your thing You. know what I'm saying? Y'all In the same clubs, y'all doing concerts. Yeah shows ain't it. Ain't no big deal. I saw you got a few lyrics man. That make me just wonder like why does it feel like you would be so disgusted the hear that a woman would even a lame ass when you put a lot of emphasis on that, you got one line. You say we ain't got no business. Even speaking If you LA you ain't got no business even thinking you can with Face. Yeah another line you say seen a so-called Batty lame.


It left me traumatized. Yeah. Another line you say almost cried when I seen my ex hurting New Broken. It's sad to see. Yeah. Yep. Dang that's crazy. I don't know man. You know when you dealing with somebody and you put your You know your love and your care into them and you deal with 'em and then you see somebody that you feel is lame, that's dealing with the same thing that you cared about, it can mess you up a little bit. Son. Why is it that he can say that and you big him up but when a girl says the same thing we get downplayed. Why you think that that is? Because he loves to drag me for being like I, it's certain things I don't wanna deal with. That's crazy. I Don't know what you're talking about. Oh he does it daily. I can send you cl Women is doing that a lot now. Like y'all got high, high expectations of me. You feel me?


I'm saying it just You think not dealing with a layman high, high or is that like just regular? Depends on what you consider a lame too though. I guess you Gotta, excuse me 'cause what I think is a lame, y'all people might not think it's, what do you lame? I don't know. You just, you could just, I can't really pinpoint it. You You know When you see Yeah like bro ain't Aint, maybe that girl was always lame and that's why y'all, you and her didn't match. Maybe. Maybe. Maybe I'm lame to somebody too. So I don't know. Do you have an X in particular when you be writing these raps? Do You have No, no, no, no, no. I ain't, we ain't turning nobody up. You ain't doing that. So in so in delusional you're not talking about nobody specific 'cause it was giving, finding love currently in love N nah. No it was, it was a, it kept, everybody kept saying delusional.


Delusional You. know what I'm saying? I think, I think Bee even had said it to me. Delusional And I was in the studio. You know Delusional. About What? It's the summertime. It's a dilu summer. You ain't heard? Yeah De Lulu. Yeah it's been that type of summer. Everybody just kept saying like delusional you delusional or anything. So it was just something's going On. You ever told a girl that you delusional? Man, baby face. That's my boyfriend. That girl delusional. I never say that. You gotta, they trying to get you, they trying to get you set up right now. You know. No, I'm really just asking 'cause this ain't, this game ain't ain't new to me. I guess you using me but for you I'm delusional. You perfect. You're beautiful. I got some bruises too. It sounds like you spit right there. I ain't gonna lie. Any relationship you have to be somewhat delusional about your partner You.


know what I'm saying? Somewhat. I feel You. know what I'm saying? If, you ain't delusional about that person then it ain't really gonna work out If you not all the way strung out on me like to the to the full. Like it ain't gonna work out. You have to But you can't be stupid though. Like, like for example If, you dealing with a girl sometimes You get Straight up Or she dealing with with you. No, No. And she know you got a bunch of girls. She can't be delusional but like you the only one. Hey man Listen me sometimes You gotta say you don't only up here Good kid. What you say? Nevermind nothing. What You say? Lauren's single and she's been looking for a man for A while now always We call her delusional a lot. I'm not delusional. I just think that I agree with you that sometimes some at some points you do have to kind of like, sometimes you have to just kind of go with the flow and If.


you figure out at the end of it that it's not working and it's not right, it's whatever. But you are a bit delusional as you're flowing. 'cause you wanna, you wanna f around and find out a bit. But I was gonna say sometimes as a woman you have to not fully tell the truth a bit. Because


In this election we each face a question. What kind of country do we want to live in? We choose freedom. Freedom. Freedom. The freedom Not just to get by but get ahead. The freedom to make decisions about your own body. We believe in the promise of America and we are ready to fight for it because when we fight, we win. I'm Keep running because a winner don't quit on themselves. Paid for by Harris for president.


Seeing our communities Grow and thrive is something we care deeply about Here at Black Tech Green Money State. Farm Insurance also cares about the growth of black communities. They're actively investing in programs and initiatives that help provide financial literacy, give early career advice, and grow black-owned businesses. Thus leading to generational wealth, which helps protect the future of our communities. We wanna build a future that we all can be proud of. State Farm understands that representation alone doesn't equate to authenticity. It also requires active sponsorship of programs like The Axo, a year long program that recognizes and rewards high school students for their academic and cultural achievements. Along with funding programs like Project Ready, A National Urban League program committed to educational achievement of black and brown youth that has awarded over $11 million in scholarship offers to date State. Farm believes that being better neighbors creates better communities and can have a long lasting impact. Like a good neighbor. State. Farm is there.


Life is happening around us. So many things to do. Places to Go. If, you switch off, you're out of it. But If you switch on. You're part of it. Subscribe to the Washington Post today at Washington post.com/iheart. Switch on the Washington Post.


Hey, gorgeous. It's Paris Hilton. Get the party started with my new album, infinite Icon out now and stream the new single Bad Academy Welcome To the Academy. I wanted this album to be an escape. Take people to a happy place where they can heal and party in equal measure. And most of all, be your own unapologetic icon. Listen on iHeartRadio and visit infinite icon.com to order the album sponsored by 1111 Media.


A lot of pros to drink in Health aid, kombucha. No cons that I can think of. Pro amazing Taste Pro pairs. Well with anything Pro probiotic, that's a literal pro and it's deliciously refreshing. It's the perfect pairing to your meal or great on its own. Whether you're having Pink Lady Apple Berry Lemonade, or one of the other great flavors. It's the perfect swap for soda or alcohol. Make it part of your daily routine. Look for the brown bottle with an anchor on it and try health aid kombucha today.


You gotta ease it. You got's a lot of, you gotta ease a guy. I'm LaRosa strikes again. You have to ease a guy into being able to take what you're saying to them without it being an ego trip. This is crazy As a man, you believe that. And men lie, men do small lies with women sometimes. What lies do You do? They do a lot of lies. Lying, LaRosa. That's what They do. A lot of lies. I'm not saying it in like a, like I'm lying about who I'm with or I'm cheating. I mean like, 'cause he was basically trying to get you to say, you be telling people they the only one and they not you do that. I Did not say Whoa. Whoa. That that's what that that's what he was trying to get you to say. Just take a step back. Let him say, let him go. That's why, That's why you wasn't about to answer that question. Yeah, I ain't Yeah. I thought it.


Let's move on from that. Yeah, well Anyway. No, but I ain't that type of guy bro. I ain't that type of guy. I ain't gonna say, I ain't going to flat out just blatantly be like you the only one. Like I'm gonna treat you as such. I'm, I'm gonna let my actions show You. know what I'm saying? And she delusional fills that and goes with it. Even if she might not think different. I Mean we as in relationship, people go through stuff. Yeah. You, you've been through stuff before. I'm sure you've been through stuff before. Like people go through Stuff. Why you ain't say I've been through stuff. You seen Everybody knows you. I'm saying that's why All we got more with Baby Face Ray When we come back. Don't move. It's The. Breakfast Club. Good morning. Good morning everybody. It's EJ Envy.


Jess. Hilarious. Charlemagne the guy. We are The. Breakfast. Club. Lauren LaRosa filling in for Jess now we're still kicking it with Detroit's own baby face. Ray Charlemagne. Now I read that you just bought your mama a house, man. Congrats. Yeah, thank you. Congrats. How You know that you listen to Sway? I think I was on Sway. Yeah. To Sway. Yeah I did. How'd that feel? Feel good. Feel damn good. I ain't gonna lie. I used to have this thing like once I bought my mama house, I'm cool You know what I'm saying? But we, we gonna keep going and keep reaching out here. You know. When did You know you had got to that point where you were able to do it? Like were you sitting with your financial advisor? You was like, y'all can go buy my mama house. And, I seen the money, like hold on. In my mind I'm doing the right thing is Oh, like as soon as I get X amount of dollars, I'm buying Mama my house.


So once I got to that, I'm buying Mama a house. It was that Simple. Was you surprised that? Did she know what kinda house she was getting or? I called my dad. Okay. And I ain't tell her. I called my dad like, yeah, we ain't find a house. He like what's the, what's the, what's The, What's the budget, what's the, what Was And? I told him, he like, you sure? I'm like, yeah. So What was the budget? It was a, it was a nice amount. He said, you sure? And he playing you like you broke bro. Yeah, because they don't be knowing sometimes. Did she, was she crying? Was she, what was her? She Cry. She still, she might cry today. She cry the time You. know what I'm saying? My momma crazy. But That's because she's seeing all of the success and things happen that you said that like You know she's not used to seeing I'm the baby boy too. Oh. So everything that I do, she be looking at me like this is crazy.


She gonna watch this and be like, you see a mama? Like that's crazy Source. Yeah. So You gotta support the whole family. The whole family. Look at you 'cause you baby boy, you, you the artist, you making it so 100%. How is that stress on you? Sometimes it get stressful 'cause they get a little crazy. Like every, when it's all coming to you at once, Christmas time, Thanksgiving, everybody come at at the same time. That ain't nothing. I ain't tripping about Christmas time 'cause it's time to give You know what I'm saying? But when they see you do stuff like buy your mama house now, now those requests get a little crazy. Lemme borrow 10 grand till Friday. Man. Man, hey nah for real. But how, How do you deal with stuff like that though? I saw an interview where you said I can't have your problems on me right now. I'm trying to lock in and focus. That don't mean I don't love you or nothing. It's just I'm on a mission right now. So how do you create that barrier of like, it's not that I don't love you, but not right now.


I need To get better at communicating. 'cause when I get in that mode where I feel like you wearing me down, I just cut off all communication. And. I don't be mean nothing by it, but I be so focused on what I'm trying to do. I feel like you throwing me up You. know what I'm Saying? How many siblings you have? I got three. Three Salute to you too man. You, you partners your wavy gang label with Empire. Yeah. What does that mean for you? It means a lot. I don't know too many people that got their own record label. For real. For real You know what I'm saying? So for me to have one, it feel good You know what I'm Saying? Is there more that you wanna do like in your city just outside of music, like community wise? I know that you just did like the New Balance shoes for the Boys and Girls Club. Like what else are you looking to do? Like do and not Wise?


I ain't Gonna lie. We been in talks with trying to get a school. Oh Wow. What ages, what grades? They was saying more like high school because we working with a football team now. So I think it'd be cool for us to get to school and build it up and have it under my brother and get something going like that. But it's a lot I want to do. However I can help, I'm gonna try to help for real Dope. What do you want people to take away from this album? The Growth Man. Just see me growing musically. You know. Like I want people to know that I'm still growing with it You know what I'm saying? I'm not just trying to put it out. Sometimes artists in the music business now today, they look at it as a cash grab You. know what I'm saying? So I want to keep trying to move musically.


You know. Last time you was up here you were talking about the importance of a good team in a, in a good manager. Yeah. Did you work that all out and find your good team and make sure your your your people Around you? Yeah. You see my team behind me. Big be behind Them when we had in a business. Y'all keep my team with me for sure. You know what I'm saying? They keep me focused. You know they don't let me slack. Even when I want to be lazy or just do what I want to do and feel like something is not important, they stay on me. Now Also we, last time we hear we was talking about acting. Yeah. And you went to get in the acting game. How has that been? Because Tuby is the Detroit is the biggest place for Tuby. So Tuby lit right now. It is. I ain't gonna lie. I've been, I've been small league trying to do my thing. Y'all gotta go check it out. I got a video called Money on My Mind where I kinda like did a little acting, did my trailer for my album.


We did a little acting. So it's slowly getting to the point where I'm gonna try to act a little Bit. How did you all connect with Rich Paul? For the, for for The. World is yours. Rich Paul, let me say this right. My guy who do clothes by the name of Jack Rip You. know what I'm saying? He connected me with Rich Paul You know he called me one day like, you you mess with Rich And. I'm like, yeah. So I got Rich, remember we FaceTime and we just talking. He wasn't even talking about no sports, nothing else. He was talking about music, how he enjoyed it. And we ended up linking in California and doing the song. Oh, he liked your music? Yeah. Okay, okay. Okay. He was telling me how he was listening to a song one Pacific song during his book release. Which one was it? Congratulations with Lil Yachty. DJ Esco did it.


Got You. Yeah. What other conversations did y'all have? You know Richard's a, he's a wealth of knowledge. Yeah. Yeah. I see everybody say that. But he, we just be kicking about music. Right. He be just trying to keep me on game about excelling music. He'll send me a beat. You might sound fire on this. Attack it like this and You know what I'm saying? He, he helped me out with my foundation thing back on home. But other than that we was talking about music. Dope. That's That. What about the legacy record with with with Doughboy Clay? You said build, build a legacy before you get to the tomb. Yeah. Like what kind of legacy do you intend to leave in Detroit? Detroit. Mm. One of the Motown joints. Like how everybody know about Motown.


Just being a staple. I want people to remember Babyface Ray waving like that You, know what I'm saying? Positive good music, stuff like that. The title of that song. I don't know why that the title of that song just made my like heart drop a little bit. Legacy. No, the what was it? Something about the Tune. Was that a, That was a line You know the Legacy before you get to the tune to be completely off. Like I for I think with me, when artists have songs like that, I, I guess you have to, you do have to think about legacy as you're building. But I don't know, I just don't, it's just a weird feeling to think about Way I didn't, I didn't put it in a negative way. I know what you mean. Like yeah, the power of the tongue and what you saying and stuff. Like I ain't put it in a negative way. I'm just being honest about life. The reality is we all gonna go. Yeah, for sure. Yeah. Like, like I saw DC Young Fly say that yesterday and it is true.


Like we all on borrowed time for sure. Dude funeral. He was like at some point we all gonna end up in that place. We just don't know when. So for sure You know. It's not like you saying I want to go to the womb tomorrow. I just Don't wanna Yeah, Just make it count while you here. That's Right. And. I'm be wasting on time. I procrastinated a lot of my younger life, so I'm trying to make it count right now. Yeah. And, I need some motivation. You started with a devotional. Would you say, God, you never promised me days without pain. But you did promise, he promise me the strength for those days. Was there a situation that happened or do you remember You know when your, when your faith became so strong? Yeah, I mean we all got low points, you feel me? So that prayer was like, when people play that song, want you to hear that prayer and understand like you ain't alone.


'cause I know people be going through stuff. I done been through low points. I'm sure you've been through low points where you had to You. know what I'm saying? So it ain't, I don't, I can't name a spec a specific time when it happened. But You know that was just for the fans to know. Like you going through something, you can get through it. Let's Get into a journal O' Doll what you want here. Wavy Navy University. Okay. All right. With with V. Yeah. All right. Let's get into that. Now guess The. Breakfast. Club. Good morning. We're still kicking it with the church own baby Face Ray. His album, the kid that did is out right now. Lauren, Do you have a song on the project that like you, that's kind of like your favorite out of the 20? I ain't gonna lie, I've been feeling legacy like before the album came out, I was playing that I I wanted to ask one more question 'cause I know you do so much for Detroit And.


I know, a lot of times people don't necessarily see all the stuff that you do for the kids in Detroit. Yeah. When did that come about? When did you change and said these kids need to see a difference? Because every time I'm in Detroit and I'm in Detroit a lot, I I see you out and about, but not only in the clubs I see you doing for the youth. Right. I see you giving back whether it was the sneaker thing that she said or or, or the backpacks or the football teams or whatever it may be. When did you feel like that was what I need to do? 'cause you do it so much and a lot of times people don't necessarily talk about it. 'cause I was actually looking for an article where they talk about it. I see it, but I didn't see any articles to talking about the things that you Do. Once we built our foundation You. know what I'm saying? Once we built it, we already knew like what we wanted to do. So we started doing like workshops for all the kids. And, I got kids, my brother's got kids.


So we already dealing with our kids. So it was, it was important to like start helping the kids around. Like, like you say, when you come in the city, you gonna see me out. So it ain't make no sense for me to be bouncing through there in luxury cars and not giving back You. know what I'm saying? So I, I wanted to help and reach out and touch the kids in a way where they remember that someone like me helped You. know what I'm saying? Why is it so important for, especially Detroit artists? I see this lot in Detroit where Detroit artists stay in Detroit. Like a lot of times you see people from other markets and they go to another city, another state, like they move away. But You know, I done been and seeing you in your hood, I done pulled up on you. So why is that so important to you? It it be, it's rough real like, 'cause even my people like, nah, they still want me to get away You know what I'm saying?


But it'd be hard because of my family and what I got going on. But I did have a theory in my mind that I wanted to stay in Detroit and like get it going to where Atlanta is and how California is You know what I'm saying? And how they strong and they got what they got going on. But it get rough out here. You know what I'm saying? The love that you think you may got, it might not be like that for real. So I still, I'm still kind of 50 50 on how I wanna play. If I still wanna be there, I still You, know what I'm saying? Do speaking of Kendrick, he dropped a song where he's talking about like, we need more substance in media and music, all of that stuff. And I know you talked earlier about T Grizzly and one of the things I like about Detroit artists is the way that you guys story tell Yeah. On music.


Yeah. Do you feel like right now that we were having this conversation the other day that things are shifting more toward that and that's why people are receiving you so well? Or do you think that music is at a place where you pick and choose what you wanna hear? It depends on the artist. Like I think Kendrick can do with that because that's the type of artist he is now. If you not an artist known for doing that. That might not work for you You know what I'm saying? Like even If, you try to switch over to it, it might not work. You know. So I don't think we switching towards that. I I think people know what's right and what's wrong and what they want to hear. Somebody told me the other day that our, our audience is not maturing as much as we, the artist may be You. know what I'm saying? So we That's crazy Young Miami was told that too. Yeah. So even when even we might find, figure out the information and try to kick it back in the music, they might be like, what you wrong?


Like You know they don't really know for real. So I think it's shifting. But it might be a little take a little time. A little bit. But Yeah, And I. But I think it's the way you do it too, right? Like when you on, I need a motivation and you rapping, I need some motivation. You rapping about God. Yeah. That's your way of doing it. Yeah. Yeah. You know. So it's just re I I just think it's just all about how you do it. Yeah. Yo How you present it. But does it make it hard for you when you do stuff like that? But then you're told my your audience isn't maturing with you. Like how do you figure out who, who are you talking to now and Who told you that? The Label man, my partner told me that we was sitting in the car kicking it. He told me That. Oh okay. So it wasn't like a Statistic? No, no it wasn't no statistics just like the Homie. Okay. We Was just talking about growing and the things we know now versus what we You know what I'm saying?


And music and stuff like that. He was just saying like the audience might not be maturing how we mature. So you gotta sometimes just You know. So when you see ho put you on a, on a playlist, is it surprising to you? Or I thought it was like some pr hey like I'm like ain't no way ho put me on no playlist, but when I Ho tapped in, you don't think you listening. Yeah. Yeah, for sure. I know now You know what I'm saying? So now that I know it is like that's lit because we listen to ho so be to be accepted by ho Man guys like future accepting as like that's a big thing. 'cause that's all we used to listen to. Got you. Ain't no way I feel underrated ho tapped in. There you go. Hold of them tapped in. So He didn't reach out after that. No conversation after.


No, no. We was just talking about that went to the game was floor season. He was across and they was texting my phone like, walk up on Ho. I'm like, you can't just walk up on Ho bro. He would've, nah, I think he would've Hit, He hit me with the hit me with, I accepted that like, yeah, I, I take that. Don't be too after That. That was the entryway. I say it don't be too was the entryway Attempt? Nah. What about that? What about I did a tip and the security guards was like, I ain't want to tell y'all I got Blaze. Oh You see you ain't Say that man. Yeah, I got How close did you Get? It was like I was over here and I'm telling security like hold no me, It's baby face Ray. It's Baby face real here. And I watched him tell him and hold Blaze me.


But it's cool. Damn know It's cool. I don't believe, what game Was it man? kd we really was going, I be having kd we was meeting kd. I think they was, I don't know who they was playing, but I know this was when KD was there. I'm sure y'all will do that again because Rick Ball and J and HOV got a connect that was a Lot of people don't even have a Jay-Z story. That was so, at least you got one You. know what I mean? It just, I didn't even wanna say that. It, It's a Jay-Z Story. So so you'll never try it again. If, you see him somewhere. It gotta be different circumstances. So Y'all walking, y'all can walking by each other in the hall Stopping him. Even if It's the same security guard. If. you see the guy Stopping him listen out. Like remember this. Listen, it's Me.


Yeah, I'm Outside your mom house. Why you being weird to me? For real? Are labels still important? Labels? Yes. What you mean? Are They just important for artists nowadays? I don't know. 'cause you, you trying to go in a direction of being an independent artist and stuff like that. I don't it. Whatever suits you, If, you fit If, you got the drive to do everything on your own, then do everything on your own. We not knocking you go get that money. Do everything you need to do. But some people need to be told what to do. You. know what I'm saying? Some people need direction. Some people need a team, different ideas. They not as creative as You. know what I'm saying? A yay or You. know what I'm saying? So it whatever works for you. I see people talk about being an independent artist, but they not telling you. It's a lot of work that come behind that You know.


So If, you don't have the work ethic to do everything on your own. Don't even try it because you're just gonna be sitting in a room looking stupid, talking about you an independent artist. It ain't gonna work for you. So whatever work for you. Ladies And gentlemen, it's The Breakfast Club is baby face Ray. All right? Salute the baby face. Ray, his album, the kid that did his out right now. Shout to Detroit. To what up do everybody else? We ought The. Breakfast. Club. Let's get to just with the Mess with Lauren. LaRosa is real. Jessica Robin Moore just don't do no lying. Don't do, She don't scare nobody Worldwide mess on The. Breakfast Club, she's the coach.


Lauren, Lauren back. And. I got the mess. Talk to me Now with Diddy being denied that bell in the appeal today, yesterday, I'm sorry. With Diddy being denied the bail in the appeal yesterday. He will be still housed. Like he's gonna be sitting down for some time. And there have been some people reacting to this. There are a bunch of celebrities online right now who are expressing things all over the place. So one of them is Busi. So Busi tweeted two very long tweets. He said, I feel, I feel Diddy is in jail for basically doing what every other famous entertainer has done. Flew bitches out for threesomes. He's just freakier. We actually go call women prostitutes who fly in willingly to be with their partners for sex.


If that's the case, if you've been flute out, had sex and had sex, you should be labeled to prostitute. If that's the case, that's 80% of the women reading this and trafficking, hell nah. You're a celebrity. You gotta fly the p word NI can say That. No. Okay, you gotta fly the P word N how else you got to get the P word. You're never in one place. When I saw that video, I was pissed at, okay, wait Lucy, when I saw that video, I was pissed off at the nigga. But he really got a problem. But facing life in prison for doing basically what so many other entertainers have done. Hashtag I disagree. I'm starting to feel like this sex trafficking charge for flying bitches out and for threesomes will be a tool they use to take down hip hop artists and celebrities.


Just think about it, who flying the yaya's into turn up? Who also in a different city and gotta fly the P word to them who ain't tripping? And go give the sex partner a little change. Think about it. Oh, he sent hip hop artists on the people that do that. So this is a targeted attack. And it's starting with Diddy. Think about this. It's real If. you fly a chicken, y'all turn up, you give her a little change. So she's straight when she get home. That's sex trafficking. I have no idea what Booie is talking about. And. I don't think Booie knows what he's talking about because busi are none of these brothers clearly know the law. That's all I'm getting from any of these. I wanna, these statements that they're making. I wanna read A, I was gonna ask, what is the definition of sex trafficking? I'm You know. I'm there. Thank you. And, And And I wanna read a definition?


And I almost say also, if You know about these other entertainers doing this, then guess what? You're now making yourself a witness to crimes, Accessories. Yeah, but okay, what's the definition of of of sex trafficking? So, 'cause when people think sex trafficking, most people I think, think minors thinking state to state. But that's not the only definition, Right? So sex, sex trafficking, the definition is the action or practice of illegally transporting people from one country or area to another for the purpose of sexual exploit exploitation. A deeper definition is the act of using forced fraud or co coercion to compel someone to participate in commercial sex acts usually in exchange for something of value. So there, the difference is, is if your girlfriend or your little boo or your little ye wanna fly out and she's willingly flying out, she's willingly consenting to having sex.


She doesn't feel like she's being You know, compelled coed to do something coer. She's does she's not afraid for her life. You're not forcing her to do anything. It's not commercial. Like she's not an actual like sex worker. Even with sex workers, they have to choose to wanna do this on their own time. It can Be, but, but no, but no, Lauren, that's not true. And I'm gonna tell you why. Because if you're flying in these sex workers, how do we know these sex workers aren't being trafficked? What do you mean Mean? No, I'm get it If. you Saying If you, if you're flying in sex workers, how do You know these sex workers aren't being trafficked by somebody? By they said like by they don't have a court to pay for somebody above them that's getting Passed off of it need basically. Because that's what came up in court yesterday with Diddy, where the judge was like, well, isn't that you're telling me a third party who is a sex worker flew across state lines or wherever to be with Diddy?


And the girl at the time, they're talking about Cassie, allegedly that's trafficking. And the the d what what they tried to define was that the, the attorney was like, well, I spoke to the agency that is basically over this sex worker and they weren't paid for sex. Do you get what I'm saying? Well, And, I'm sure the judge was like, who's gonna say that they were paid for sex? It, I mean Listen, Like who's gonna You know what I mean? Yeah. It can get really sticky. But basically if it's a personal choice and a person doesn't feel all of these things like basically being put into a corner, like there's consequence, all of that it Yeah. But one wrong step, one wrong misstep, you may be sex trafficking and you might not. People need to really understand the definition of it. And I understand what we're looking at. I think So a sex trafficking, if somebody flies somebody out and then gives them change after, that's not sex, sex trafficking.


Correct. Because that's what booey basically was saying. Well, according to these two definitions, no, because you would have your intent behind giving them money or whatever the exchange is, would have to be exploitation to force someone to do something to coerce them or to compel them to do something. Like they, if if someone's willing to do something and they do it and then whatever. I think the exchange of money and the Yeah, yeah. This isn't the malice behind the exchange of money matter. I'm not an attorney y'all, I just can read and comprehend, but Right. That's what I'm understanding from this. Yeah. This Isn't you meeting. No,


In this election, we each face a question. What kind of country do we want to live in? We choose freedom. Freedom. The freedom not just to get by, but get ahead. The freedom to make decisions about your own body. We believe in the promise of America and we are ready to fight for it because when we fight, we win win. I'm gonna keep on running because a winner don't quit on themselves. Paid for by Harris. For President


State Farm Insurance gets it. Representation alone doesn't equate to authenticity. State Farm understands and wants to help protect our communities by investing in our future building off the hard work our parents have done before us. We all are looking to create generational wealth so that our families and generations behind us have a better starting point than we did. That begins with financial literacy. State Farm helps fund programs like Project Ready, a National Urban League program committed to the educational achievement of black and brown youth. To date participants have been awarded over $11 million in scholarships offers as a direct result of contributions from State Farm at Eating Wall Broke. We hear inspiring rags to richest stories on each episode from our guest. But with State Farm, you can begin to write your own success story. State Farm believes that being better neighbors creates better communities and have a long lasting impact. Like a good neighbor, State Farm is there.


The 2024 presidential campaign is the 10th election cycle that I've covered in my career as a journalist. And yes, it's unprecedented in a lot of ways, but what you need to know is the same. You need reliable information and context that matters. That's what you get with a campaign moment. A podcast from the Washington Post. My name's Erin Blake, and every week me and my colleagues are cutting through the noise. So follow the campaign moment podcast right now, wherever you are.


Hey gorgeous. It's Paris Hilton. Get the party started with my new album, infinite Icon out now and stream the new single Bad Academy Welcome To the Bad Academy. I wanted this album to be an escape. Take people to a happy place where they can heal and party in equal measure. And most of all, be your own unapologetic icon. Listen on iHeartRadio and visit infinite icon.com to order the album sponsored by 1111 Media.


There's Two kinds of people in The World, people who love health aid kombucha and people who have never tried it. The bubbly mix of probiotic tea and refreshing juice is delicious and good for your gut health with great flavors to choose from that you can't help but love If, you have never tried it before. Maybe try a bottle or can of passion fruit tangerine or a ginger lemon. Your taste buds and your gut will thank you. Look for the brown bottle with an anchor on it and try health aid Kombucha Today. Health kombucha.


A woman somewhere are DMing her online and then You know y'all form a consensual relationship and y'all, you fly her out to spend some time with you. That's not this, right? These brothers clearly don't know the law and they need to learn the law. It doesn't matter what you think is normal or even what you have normalized if it's illegal, right? Like it's just that simple. Well, I wanted to talk about how Diddy's gonna be housed. Now I know that we had some info that we had received from a source close. So I wanted to talk about kind of like how his situation would be set up. I need to You got it? I sent it to you. Didn't I send it to you? No. Oh, I gotta find it there. I thought y thought I sent it to you. Well, Basically it's gonna be protective custody if I remember correctly, right? Yeah. And that's just because of who he is, but also how pro, how high profile the case is.


Yeah, They said that in jail it might be like a, a a, a badge of honor to hurt or do something to Diddy or even to touch Diddy. It would be like a a, a badge of honor. So they're gonna have him in solitary confinement where he's away from everybody else. Protective custody, that's what they call it. They said that he's gonna be in a, in a cell by himself and he'll have a bathroom in there and, and that was pretty much it. They believed that he copied, Might scared some inmates. This is all alleged alleged according to a source alleged. Yeah, according to a source. But that, but that, but that's typical though. Normally when a high profile person comes into is true a person whatsoever. So don't act Like people might not be scared of him. Okay, let's move on That. You ain't right. Let, let us move on now. Big Oil all over the place. So yesterday the nominations for the BET Hip Hop awards came out.


Can we get some claps? Oh, haven't seen, nobody else wants To clap. I don't run the board. I'm listening. So nominated for best hiphop platform. Can you guys guess who's in this list? We're listening. The. Breakfast Club. Hey Bus. Yes. So The Breakfast Club amongst many others. Worth Game we're get to Go. Games games. Million dollars worth a game on the Radar. Drink Champs Club Sheha Bootleg Kev Complex. The Shade Room Double xl. There's some great names on that list. I wanna drop on a Clue Bombs from my man Gabe on the radar You know, watch that from the ground up. Drop on the Clue Bombs from my man. Bootleg Kev Drop on A Clue Bombs for a million dollars worth of Game salute the Wallo Wallo just made the New York Times bestsellers s for his Bookly arm of good intentions.


Drop on a Clue Bombs for Drink Champs. My guys. Nory Norie Club Chase Had an Amazing on the Black effect. iHeart Radio podcast network. The Joe Biden podcast is on here too. Salute the Joe Drop on a C Bombs for Joe Button podcast. Lemme tell you something about Club Shahe too. Is Shehe a hip hop Platform though? That's what they giving him. They didn't do enough hip hop. Well, I was about to say that's what they giving the girls. I don't wanna do uncle like that, my bad. But that's what they giving him. Yeah, he Said he said hiphop acts on it. Absolutely. Yeah, He said That. Yep. And I. Look at that as more of a pop culture platform. And he said a phenomenal year. He stretches Absolutely he stretches across things. But I think because a lot of artists are seeding there, You know in general they wanna give that to him. But how many Hip hop artists have been on it? I I'm just thinking this year, the baby.


I've seen the baby one before Offset. I've seen Offset scene 21. 21 Savage. Yeah. Who else? I guess I, to be honest with you, most of these platforms, I I I wouldn't say just strictly center on hip hop except for On the radar. On the radar. Yeah. I think everybody's trying to branch out. But You know what I think that you guys on what you guys have done up here for so many years, credit to y'all is a big part of re of that reason why you guys gave, like there's a lot of voices in hip hop media now that see that you don't just have to just do hip hop, do hip hop because hip hop is in so much. Our culture is in so much. And in wrapping this up, I did wanna mention the category of hip hop artists of the year. Got the people in the frenzy because in this category, I'm not gonna list everybody, I'm just gonna list certain names. They have Drake Future Kendrick Lamar and Nicki Minaj And what best hip hop artist of the year.


Sometimes People are like, y'all are, it's Kendrick. It's not even close Shady. But that's what it should be though. But people, these, these have been the biggest acts in hip hop this year. That's right. Drake and Kendrick definitely should be there future for what he's done. Nicki Minaj, of course Future Put out two albums this year and then, And then Nicki had a phenomenal year and That's not shady. And then, and then in lyrics, because after that lyrics of the year and wrap up, they have Kendrick Lamar, Lil Wayne, Kendrick, Nicki Minaj, Kendrick Drake should be in that one too, But I think in Drake. So Drake is in this one too. Yeah, it's like You know the whole Super Bowl conversation and not like us conversation Pop. But that's what this year has been about though. It has been And I. And like Charlemagne said, I think Kendrick wins all at this Show. So we gonna look forward to those awards and see hopefully, I hope those people show up like it'll be good to see 'em there, but probably won won't.


Yeah. Probably not. It won't. All righty, y'all won't. That's that's the mess for this hour. All Char bang. Yes. Who you giving that donkey to man? Four after the out. First of all, don't talk to me like you a booty warrior. Okay? I didn't Say who you giving that oily dog donkey. I said who giving that donkey to, I ain't say oily donkey. There's A new booty warrior on the the block. Y'all. Okay. Who? What's his name? No. Booty warrior. Sarah Hook could be saying this needs to come to the front of the congregation. We like to have a war with our police. All Right, we'll get to that next. It's The. Breakfast, Club. Good morning. You are taking out The. Breakfast. Club be a ass. Charlamagne Some donkey days just so themselves. I been watching Char Man was ready for you Donkey. I never heard donkey other day. What is it? Comic Donkey.


Say it again. Yle man. I'm a donkey. Yes, you're a donkey. Everything that Charlamagne is saying is true. Donkey of the day for Thursday, September 19th calls the Arkansas governor Sarah Huckabee Sanders. Now Governor Sanders was speaking at a rally for former president Donald Trump. And she said that the vice president Kamala Harris lacks humility because she said Kamala lacks something that keeps people humble. What is that thing? What is that thing that the VP lacks that keeps people humble? Governor Sanders, what's the news report, right? What is it? What No, I don't have nothing. Oh, let's go to the news report. You can walk into a room like this where people cheer when you step onto the stage and you might think for a second that you're kind of special.


Then you go home and your kids remind you very quickly, you're actually not that big of a deal. My sweet daughter reaches up, pat's my shoulder and says, it's okay mommy. One day you can be pretty too. So my kids keep me humble. Unfortunately, Kamala Harris doesn't have anything keeping her humble. Well that's news to me. Oh ladies, Lauren, did You know that kids are a permanent reminder of what's important and they keep you humble and If you don't have any then you don't know what's important in life and you're not humble. I know what's important in life and I'm very humble. Mm. Farrah said, you can walk into a room You know like this where she was, where people cheer when you step onto the stage and you might think for a second that you're kind of special and you go home and your kids remind you very quickly, you're actually not that big of a deal.


Interesting Because I think differently. In fact, I don't care about the validation of others, I don't care about the love of others. I appreciate it. But what I actually care about is the love of my family. Okay? I don't care what strangers think of me, I care about what my family thinks of me. So if my family loves day daddy, if my wife loves her husband, I'm on cloud nine. Okay? Though nothing in life gasped me up like them. Okay? When you see me showing up as my full self head held high commanding respect, it's because of what I represent. And what I represent is my family. So my family makes me feel like I am a big deal. Okay? Sarah, if your family doesn't make you feel like a big deal is probably because they don't respect you, okay? And you make it very easy saying foolish ass self-hate and statements like the one you made, okay?


Yes. This statement of self-hate because you are a woman. So what you basically did was co-op misogynistic talking points from the JD Vance's of The World in an attempt to marginalize women and make them feel less than for not having kids. Can I give you some stats mate? Lemme give you some stats mate. I did some research and by research I mean Google and chat GPT. Google told me in 20 20, 46 0.8% of women in America were childless chat. GPT told me in the most recent data from the US inbo that about 15 to 16% of women aged 40 to 44 are childless. 97.2% of women between the ages of 15 and 19 were childless the highest by any age group. And. I understand that. That makes complete sense. You shouldn't be pregnant between 15 and 19, but 18 years old you can vote.


So I just wonder what a young 18-year-old, 19-year-old woman thinks when they're told they're childless cat ladies and they lack humility and don't know what's important because they don't have kids. Not to mention a lot of young girls leader Taylor Swift, okay? She also called herself a childless cat lady. All right? What will they feel when they hear their leader taking on us saying that? Okay, 68.1% of women who didn't graduate from high school were childless. The highest percentage of any education group, 50.6% of women of all other races in race combinations were childless. 48.1% of Asian women were childless. And 47.7% of white women who are non-Hispanic were childless. Childlessness can vary, okay?


It's based on all types of factors. Education level, career focus, socioeconomic status. What I'm getting at here, okay? I am simply saying, Sarah Huckabee Sandis, okay, young Huck, why are you in the GOP? So hell bent on pissing off one of the largest populations of voters in America. Women, okay? Donald Trump already has a woman's voters problem. No, not the man who takes credit for overturning Roe v. Wade, not the man who appointed three far-right? Supreme Court judges who voted to overturn Roe v. Wade. You mean the man who brags about taking away a woman's right to choose is having a problem with women's, with women's voters. Not the man who talks like this about women. But what I did is something for 52 years they've been trying to get Roe v Wade into the states.


And through the genius and and heart and strength of six Supreme Court justices, we were able to do that. Each individual state is voting. It's the vote of the people now. It's not tied up in the federal government. I did a great service in doing it. It took courage to do it Well, Should the woman be punished having an abortion? Look, I would say that it's a very serious problem and it's a problem that we have to decide on is it's very hard, but you're banning it. I'm gonna say, well wait, are you gonna say put them in jail? Is that, well, Now what I'm asking you because you say you wanna ban, it's that Mean I would. I am against, I am pro-life. Do you believe Inpu? Do you Believe in punishment for abortion?


Yes or no? As A principle, the answer is that there has to be some form of punishment for the womans. Yeah, there has to be some Form. Jesus Christ. Then you got his running mate talking like this. This is JD Vance. We're effectively run in this country via the Democrats via, via our corporate oligarchs by a bunch of childless cat ladies who are miserable at their own lives and the choices that they've made. And so they wanna make the rest of the country miserable too. If. you look at Kamala Harris, Pete Buttigieg, A OC, the entire future of the Democrats is controlled by people without children. Pete has kids. Pete got two kids. Yes he does. Look man, you're gonna need suburban women to win this election, but for some reason you and your cronies are hell bent on pissing women off.


And then you bring out women like Sarah Huckabee Sanders to further reinforce the women what they already know and believe. And that is you shouldn't be in the White House. And what's ironic about Sarah Huckabee Sanders statements is she's the one not being humble. When you are humble, you don't think you are better than others. And Sarah thinks she's better than the VP because she has biological kids and the VP doesn't. And staying humble is never thinking that you are better than than than anyone else. Furthermore, Sarah Huckabee Sanders looks very easy to draw. Even If, you don't have any artistic abilities. All you have to do is pick up a pencil and you could draw Sarah Huckabee Sander's face.


It's just a round face, dark eyes, strong jawline. Okay? She looks on a lot of levels like the orange, angry emoji, And I can't quite put my fingers on it, but I feel like she could identify as a sandwich. A what? Something about Sarah Huckabee sand just reminds me of a ham sandwich. Just a plain, plain ham sandwich. No condiments. Ironically, not even mayonnaise, just one piece of ham on two pieces of plain white bread. I can't explain it, but now that I've said it, I bet you can unsee it. And I just drew it. You Just drew it, right? Yep. This is the white bread. You can't white bread. Come now you see how dry that bread is? Show the camera. Look that, that, that, that is definitely Sarah Huck be saying this.


It took her six seconds, it took Lauren OSAs six seconds. I see her. Sarah could be saying I see her. I wanna to know I See her. That is her. Please. See you see the hand? Yes. Okay. Please let Kathy Griffin give Sarah Huckabee sandis the biggest. He haw. Please Give this giant jar of mail. The biggest hee-haw. Alright, I pulled out my artsy skills in a minute. You don't even have to have any to draw her. Was that a compliment or was that shape? A little bit of both. Okay. Little bit of both. Okay. Is that ham? It iss not boy head, right? 'cause boy head has a couple recalls recently That's, she needs to be recall. I think that this, I think this like government ham. Okay. Okay. Alright. Well thank you for that Donkey today.


Yes ma'am. Up Next. I'm sir, don't Misgender me 72 flavors of that booty Delicious bubble gum asking Robin. Y'all are, You ain't see that in the Diddy indictment. It said women and others. Others. I miss the others. Others. But I, I mean God damn. I'm, I'm relying on my, my. Yeah. Got you. Your bros. Yeah. Alright, well up next ask C and e 805 8. 5 1 0 5 1. If. you need relationship advice or any type of advice you can call us up right Now. Well that's, and that's why we don't include Lauren 'cause of the relationship advice part 805 8 5 1 5 1 as c and E is The.


Breakfast Club the morning. That's crazy. The. Breakfast Club. It's that time again. Ask Charlamagne and DJ nv anything. Pick it up. Pick it up. Pick it up. It's time to ask C and e. Morning everybody. It's DJ Envy. Jess. Hilarious. Charlamagne the guy. We are The. Breakfast. Club. Lauren LaRosa is filling in for Jess. And we have Monique on the line. Monique, good morning. Good morning. How you feeling Monique? I'm good. How are y'all? Good. Good, good. What's your question? So I've been dating this guy for like nine months but he hasn't like made it official and for me, I feel like that's a long time to like just be dating.


He hasn't put a title on you yet With like no title. Have you expressed that that's what you want with him? Yes, I have. And what does he say? He's more like, oh, You know. He was in a relationship in the past for like, I would say like 15 years at least. And that he just wants to take it slow. Have you been to his house? I feel like that's extremely slow. Have You been to his house before? Have I been to his house before? Yeah but not like I haven't gone often Girl, you've been dating him for nine months. Y'all really are dating, Right? That's what I mean. You might be the side chick. No you not. Nine months is not that long. Cut it out y'all. You That that's months and you Not in Nine months is a long time And you and you haven't been to the house like that.


That's long. I'm to the point where I feel like I wanna be with you and I'm dating you for nine months. Your house is basically my house at this point. How old are you? He's 35, 40. I'm 38. I don't have time for like You know to be playing this game. And How old is he? Same. He is the same age. Nine months is not long at all. Y'all tripping You know what I'm saying? I give, I give no, this woman might be crazy. He might be crazy. Could I Even say like still, oh my girlfriend. Yeah. There's a reason why he doesn't wanna put a title on it. He might be seeing other people to see what he likes better. You know. He said He was in a relationship for 15 years. Yeah. So he might be and dabbling. Yeah. Ma don't listen to them. Don't, okay. They are putting so much pessimism in their brain.


So it ain't even that deep. Y'all only known each other for nine months. Give it a little bit More time. Nine months is a long time. And the fact that she 38, 9 Months is a long, a long Time. Keep her after nine months. But he can at least be moving in a way that she feels like, okay, this is going somewhere. She ain't even really been in this crib. That's why you single Lauren. Okay. And that's why No Don say exactly. Don't say exactly my no, Not her being, but I, I'm agreeing with her. I'm agreeing with Her because Monique, because Monique, I'm like girl, we Supposed to be team babe. I love you, you my everything. No, We, we only, we get each other. I get exactly what you said. It's a long time to like men know what they're Doing, when they wanna do it and how they wanna do.


Now you already talking about marriage. And I Crazy. She say Marriage. She just said she wants to know that this is actually Wanna get married. How often this woman wanna get married at 40 something. Don't you all Wanna get married? She's 38. How Often? Often 30. You see each other. How often do you see each other? We, we see each other weekly, often. But he does work a lot so we could see each other more. But You know. I get it. You have to work. So I'm trying to like, what does he Do the day? What? What does he do Mama? He he does, what do you call it? Like shift work. So you really don't know what he does. So I hope this man runs His life. Yeah, shift work it. It's a plant. Like you work at a plant. You know they do shifts. They do like 12 hours shifts. Oh he a long, Yeah, he a long shoman.


That type of thing. He not longshoreman, but it's that type of thing. Yeah, type of. I hope, I hope this man runs for his life and I'm gonna tell you why boy If, you already acting like this If. you already acting like this at nine months. How you gonna be acting at 12? How you gonna be acting at 15, 18? That don't off me man. I disagree with you at 38 years old. You know what you want and You know what you want your life to be. And if he's not moving into that direction, then it's time to ask him why we're not moving in that direction or it's time to find somebody else. Thank you. And it can be subtle. It can be subtle. He don't gotta be like, be my girlfriend. But it can be like okay put A title on it. Word no. Ain't say put a ring on it. Just Go different title. Right. Titles Is a little crazy. That's it. That's right Andy. That's it.


I don't feel like that's not a lot. She's barely even seeing him and being in his home. What title you want, what title you think you eligible for? For like he said what title you think you eligible for After nine months they Go together Like he said like we go together, we boyfriend and girlfriend. Okay sure. We go together, want everything. We'll go together. Is that's what you want? Where we going? Go back. My dad used to sit there when I was young. What are y'all going? You ain't going no goddamn way. Okay we go together. Hey whoever you are out there man. Just tell him y'all go together. Shout out. We go together. Just one. One last question. Monique, does he have a key to your house? Girl? Oh my god. No. He Did not have a key to my house. I'm just asking, I'm just, I'm just asking. After nine months you've giving up Kiss? No. Now he's been to my house, but he doesn't have a, You end Up. I've been married for a long time.


Nine months. You've giving up Keys after nine months. I'm not, don't look at me At nine months I still have other things happening. And you don need to walk in nowhere for nothing. Exactly. I don't care. If you paying? Yeah. No, No. Playing in The game. She don't wanna play. She ready to get married. And that's the problem. It's been nine months. If. you apply that energy at that point then maybe you, you gotta convince me that I need to sit down like convince me. Make it make sense. People Carry babies for nine months and then still give 'em up for adoption. What? I'm serious Mommy. Good luck. Get there. It's the Truth. And you should tell. All right. Thank Y'all. Tell them that you've been going together. Alright, love Y'all. Have a good day. Don't Sound. I'm not telling you I love you because you may not have a great day.


You may not having a great day. Yo. You're nasty man. This guy's diabolical over there. That was a good one though. Get it. You know what as see They're taking black jobs. Black jobs, Huh? Well I'm sure he meant doctors, lawyers, and teachers. Right, right. Keep going. Entrepreneurs, CEOs. Nope. Supreme Court Justices. Probably not. Presidents. Vice presidents. That's funny. Another day, another racist insult from Trump. Hey, Speaking of black jobs, I got a black job for You. What's that? Making sure The guy that said Black jobs never becomes president again. I'm Kamala Harris. Candidate for President And I approve this message Paid for by Harris for president.


Seeing our communities grow and thrive is something we care deeply about. Here at Black Tech Green Money State, Farm Insurance also cares about the growth of black communities. They're actively investing in programs and initiatives that help provide financial literacy, give early career advice, and grow black-owned businesses. Thus leading to generational wealth, which helps protect the future of our communities. We wanna build a future that we all can be proud of. State Farm understands that representation alone doesn't equate to authenticity. It also requires active sponsorship of programs like the Axo, a year long program that recognizes and rewards high school students for their academic and cultural achievements along with funding programs like Project Ready. A National Urban League program committed to educational achievement of black and brown youth that has awarded over $11 million in scholarship offers to date State Farm believes that being better neighbors creates better communities and can have a long lasting impact. Like a good neighbor. State Farm is there.


We are here for the history, not the hype to shed light, not fan flames. We are here for the whole story, not just a headline here. To uphold democracy, uncover the facts, and illuminate what matters. Democracy dies in darkness. That's where we come in the Washington Post. Switch on, subscribe today at Washington post.com/iheart.


Hi, loves it's me, Paris Hilton. I'm already excited for you to listen to my new album Infinite Icon and I'm even more excited for you to listen to it. On Vinyl Welcome to the Bad Academy. Every vinyl collection needs a crown jewel and no jewel sparkles. Brighter than an autographed baby pink edition of Infinite Icon. Order the LP signed by yours truly@shop.paris hilton.com. That's hot sponsored by 1111 Media.


There's two kinds of people in The World. People who love health aid kombucha and people who have never tried it. The bubbly mix of probiotic tea and refreshing juice is delicious and good for your gut health with great flavors to choose from that you can't help but love If. you Haveve. Never tried it before. Maybe try a bottle or can of passion Fruit tangerine or a ginger lemon. Your taste buds and your gut will. Thank you. Look for the brown bottle with an anchor On it. And try Health aid Kombucha today. Health eight Kombucha.


The (800) 585-1051. Call us up right now. If, you got your questions at The. Breakfast Club. Morning. It's that time. Ask Charlamagne and DJ Vy. Anything. Pick it up. Pick it up. Pick it up. It's time to ask c and e. Morning everybody. It's DJ Envy. Jess. Hilarious. Charlamagne the guy. We are The. Breakfast. Club. Laura LaRosa is filling in for Jess and we have DEI on the line. Deedee, good morning. Hey, good morning. Now what's your question for c and e and Laura LaRosa. Okay, so I'm currently dating two men, right? So one of the guys, he's local, he's a police officer. He You know has his career going from a good hand on his shoulder.


You know he's got two kids. The other guy, he's a firefighter. He works overseas and he is You know out of the state. So it'll be a long relationship. I'm just trying to figure out which one to pick. Legend as Far as like You a legend, but you got two great. Lauren can't find one man. And you got two, you are great name with benefits. Legend. This other woman that just called up here, she been with her man for nine months and she talk about they, she don't even have a title. You out here with two of 'em. You of legend Said one in state, one outstate, One in state, one out. Who treats you better? Yeah, One in state. One. Who treats you the best? I feel like they're both so I feel like they're both really good. So honestly the firefighter, the one that's out state, he's ready to settle down, have a relationship.


The other one, the police officer, he's like not really ready. He's he we're, we're doing well at what we're doing, but he is like, he letting me know that he's not really ready to settle down. But we're, we're just making it work what we're doing. Who's better in the bedroom ma'am? I was Just about to ask that. The one that don't treat her well. No, the one that wants a relationship. I feel like he's better. Oh well then So the firefighter lays the holds better. But as long as anyone want his IG man. But it's long distance. Vy wants, NB clearly wants his Instagram. Ma'am maam no ma'am. Is Is Willing, is it long distance Bay willing to relocate or would you be willing to relocate to him? Horn, you ain't got no relationship to offer this woman. Okay, this woman got two men. I Was in a long distance relationship for, For Deedee.


That's a great question. Six years answers He willing to relocate or are you willing to relocate at all? I would ha I honestly think I would have to relocate because his job, he has a really great job. You know and well I, 'cause I live in Virginia and Virginia's not a place that he would wanna settle. And where where's he live? He's Georgia. Georgia. Okay. My advice to you ma'am, is you gotta let a legend be a legend. You a legend, okay? Do what you do, boo. You there is nothing, nobody up here can tell you. You just flip a coin. All right? Okay. You know what I'm, I'm liking, I'm liking the firefighter better. You said he treats you well. You said he's ready to set. He like a firefighter with a long holes That's better in bed, huh? And he lays The holes in better bed. I'm, I'm like I'm feeling the firefighter for you mama. It's no doubt in my mind you don't.


One of them freak off tapes. Yo, shut up. I'm definitely not. I've never been to a game party and good luck there. No doubt in my mind ma'am. Oh, have a good day ma'am. You know when I do get in, I'm not talking about it up here with y'all. 'cause y'all gonna ruin our relationship When you do get a man, you ain't gonna be talking about it up here. 'cause you ain't gonna have nothing to talk about. 'cause you ain't gonna never have no man. We gonna be probably like 90 You know my dad called me yesterday. He was like 90 when I turn on the radio. Why do I hear about you and Charlemagne and Dinkle berries? I don't know who brought that up. That wasn't me. Remember you Somebody yesterday both Engaged in that don't act. You said we had berries Now, now all back away from the freak. Both of y'all engaged in those away From activities. Imagine bunch of officer Coming in with drunk drop back Away from the free back away from Theup.


But what are they telling you to drop? Jesus Christ. Put your hands behind your butt That be at Thanksgiving buddy. Judging the hell outta you over some Stuff. They definitely judge me. Jesus Christ. All right, we got just with the mess with Laura La Rosa coming up. What we talking about? We do. We are gonna talk about YF and Luci and why people thought that he passed away yesterday. All right, we'll get into that. Next is The. Breakfast. Club. Good morning The. Breakfast Club. Yo a yo. What's That? I want to shout out to my guys man. First of all it's The. Breakfast Club. The world's most dangerous morning show. I want to salute to my guys all the smoke, Matt Barnes and Steven Jackson drop on a cruise bombs for them.


I just opened up this package and in the package was their new coffee table book Dope that comes out October 8th on my book in print. Black Privilege Publishing via Simon and Schutte. If. You're a fan of the All the Smoke podcast. It has all of their classic, all the smoke interviews that Is so smart. Yeah, that's dope in the book. So You know Kobe Bryant is in here. Gilbert Arenas Don Stanley. I'm just flipping through it as I'm, as I'm reading it. Do I know of another media platform that has ever done that like that before? I don't Know. I don't know one but don't quote me on that. That'd be a dope idea for The Breakfast Club too. Yeah. Oh that's dope. I love all the smoke folks they doing Know who's really good about doing things like that. Who? Virtual Ablo. Okay. Really, really great at doing coffee table books that documented the process of like offwhite his adventures with Ikea.


Like different things. I've never seen a me like a hip hop media platform though. Well did not Hiphop. There's sports. So Oh sports. So this, yeah, this comes out October 8th platform via Black Privilege publishing. Simon Schuster. But you can pre-order it now. SL through my guys all the smoke. Matt Barnes and Steven Jackson. Salute to them. Alright, well let's get to Jess with the Mess with Lauren Osa music is real. Jessica Robin Moore just don't do no lying. Don't do. She don't spend nobody. Jess worldwide mess On The. Breakfast Club. The coaches says Lauren, Lauren LaRosa, I'm back. And. I got the mess. Talk to me Man. We gotta have a conversation about the media landscape that Kendrick was talking about.


How we sensationalize things that we shouldn't, we believe things we shouldn't. Like You know yesterday on X Twitter, whatever you refer to it as There was y Lucci was trending. He was trending for some time because there was a random blog. I don't even remember the blog's name is, I'd never heard of it before. It disappeared after this rumor was spread. But the blog posted that wife and Luci had been killed while in prison. And you guys know with everything that just happened with is From prison though I thought he was on house arrest. I thought he was moved to house arrest. I'm not sure though. Wife and Luci. Yeah, He was supposed to be had it home, but it hasn't happened yet. Got you. So with everything that just happened with Rich Homie Quan, people were very quick to believe it because of course when things normally, sometimes You know things hit social media first before any websites can confirm it or whatever.


People were freaking out like fans were freaking out. They were like we need confirmation, whatever. TMZ actually reached out to Drew Finland who is Lui's attorney that represented him in his Ricoh case that landed him in prison who confirmed that wife and Luci is okay. He is fine. He is alive. He is well. But it just sucks that people were able to get in the uproar so fast about something that is completely not true. And If, you go to click the link that originally started disinformation. It's not even existing anymore. Yeah. But it's been like this for a decade. Plus, And, I, And, I don't see it changing no time soon. 'cause number one, nobody cares about the truth when the lie is more entertaining And If, you want to believe something, there is something on the internet that will reinforce whatever your belief is.


That's true. Period. That's why I try and make sure that my algorithm, even though You know I get a little bogie on my algorithm, I do try and follow people that like aren't speaking to the things that I think I already know. Right. Or things that I wanna see or whatever. Just so I can kind of have a little balance. 'cause you do get wrapped up in your own world and your own thoughts, especially on Twitter or X. And I'm also realizing it's, it's quicker for people to believe stories that aren't true as opposed to the stories that are true. Like people will believe something that's false as opposed to something factual. It's just, it's just The World we're in. I I I don't, I don't think there's anything you can do to change it at this point. Well Speaking of The World that we're in in Change, you guys remember Beyonce was snubbed for the CMA awards? Country Music Awards. Yeah, the Country music Awards that are happening in November.


Beyonce was not nominated whatsoever despite Cowboy Carter being in his a historical country music album where she broke records as the first black woman to come in at number one on the top country albums chart with Cowboy Carter. And this is according to Billboard, right? So remember all of that. So Dolly Parton spoke out huge, huge country music artist. She's also featured on Beyonce's album. She's worked with Beyonce and she's also given Beyonce the nod to You know or gave Beyonce the nod to redo Jolene. So people are a little bit upset at Dolly Parton right now because Dolly Parton sat down with Variety and in this interview they asked her about Beyonce being snubbed and what she felt about it. And Dolly Parton said, well you never know.


There's so many wonderful country artists that I guess probably the country music field, they probably thought, well we can't really leave out some of the ones that spend their whole life doing that. But I didn't even realize that until somebody asked me that question. But it was a wonderful album. She can be very, very proud of And I. Think everybody in Country Music welcomed her and thought that that was good. So I don't think it's a matter of shutting out, like doing that on purpose. I think it was just more of what the country charts and the country artists were doing that do that all the time. Not just a specialty album. Bullish. What's wrong with that statement? I think people think that's cool. People feel like it's a backhanded t because it's like Beyonce for a very long time has said she's not only country music, but country music has been a part of her genre in the music that she does for a very long time.


Do Me a favor, name five other country albums that came out this year. I can't name 'em besides Beyonce, If, you name five other country albums that came out. Why does that matter? The but we don't even know the genre to came say whether or not she should be Snubbed. You know how sometimes we watch. But she came in in number one, right? If she came in in number one in her record Beyonce number one on the charge, but her number, her record album one in also Good, you listen to Cowboy Carter, right? That's the only album I listen, I ain't listening to no other country album to Compare it. Now one song nominated not one song, not not her album at Do. I don't know anything else about You know. So the, So the experts at Billboard who are listening to all these other country music albums and comparing them and we use them for every other award ceremony and nominations, it's based off of, they just got it wrong this time with Beyonce. They said And that's innocent. That's innocent Wronging. It is not.


She's no nominated for one Award. You know how sometimes You know watch these award shows, whether they're music award shows or you watch the Oscars and you be like, man watch such and such movie didn't get nominated but you ain't seen none of the other movies in the category. You'd be like how that, how that win Best picture of the Year. But you ain't seen even seen No. You usually see them as nominated. You nominated most of the times Stop lying. I cannot, sometimes I can I So I can understand both sides. But my whole thing with this is, is like I do think that for Dolly Parton to give Beyonce such a major cosign and for Beyonce to have such a historic record breaking situation with Cowboy Carter, I would've liked to hear Dolly Parton say it deserve to at least be acknowledged. It's in some way at the CMAs because number one, I think her saying it, it sounds a little complicit to me.


That Genre hated on her Doing it her, her saying that because these people have been doing it whatever, it's the same thing that happened to Lil Nas X and no, I didn't know country music at that time either. But his album, they literally pushed certain songs out of the genre because they felt like it wasn't Country hated on her from the door. They didn't even wanna play her on stations like that genre hated on her for and shut her out from the all Of that, all of that first time. All of that can be true. But have we heard the other music to really be able to have an intelligent conversation about this? Dolly Parton has Dolly Parton lives and breathes country music. So I can't just dismiss her statements and say that's BS not nominated for one. I haven't heard it. One Category, name another song. Have you heard any other country music this year?


Envy Shazi song. I don't know the name of it that's fire. But the one that is like the Chingy, That's a fire record. That's all I know. But I know him 'cause he's black and 'cause he was on Beyonce album. But all I'm saying is is the same way, the same way that we can get the same way we can get mad at the Grammys Name. Any other country, You can't name a lot of the the the the people that be in the Oscars and the Grammys. That's all the time. But you still get upset when certain things don't. But that's Stupid. And, I've already come to Terms album. You're dumb album was great that you're stupid. If it was number one on the charts, if it was number one when it came out, it at least should be nominated. Not really. If it did so great. Yes. I don't know that I can't, I don't know what to compare it to. I just think that it would've been nice to hear Dolly Parton say, I believe she at least deserves some sort of recognition.


Not nobody Saying a win but a Nomination. You know why y'all get mad 'cause y'all be having expectations of people and you want Dolly to say what you want her to say. She said what she said and it and it, and it's a very informed opinion because she knows more about country music than all of us. So as long as we keep accepting those types of things, she didn't say those. It's gonna be okay for She Didn't say those other artists were better. She said artists been doing it longer. She didn't say they were better. She didn't say their music was better. She didn't say their albums were better. She said in that statement that there's been artists that's been doing it a longer time. But that's one part of the Statement she said. But but those awards, she said more than just that. But the awards should be based off of when that artist put it out in that year. And if her album, I haven't Heard any of the other music this year that compared to, so I don't know if she got snubbed or not. Well that's just the reality of the situation. Moving on to other people that got snubbed, drew Ski and Ruby Rose.


So, oh it's it's, we gotta wrap it up. You knock it out. You can do this. No, you already start again. First of all we gotta wrap it up. Go ahead. Okay, we're good to go. I had to take it from behind you. I did not. We good? No, y'all be getting me in trouble. So Drew Ski and Ruby Rose, y'all know that they were dating people thought it was like weird. Like how the heck did these two link up? They had the videos kissing in Miami on the boat and they was like kissing, kissing. So Ruby Rose recently came out and let people know that she's been celibate for two months and people began to question her time with Drusky. Like You know what was that like? Because he came out and said that they weren't together anymore. And he jokingly said she probably spent more money in the relationship than he did and that caused a lot of uproar. So people wanted to hear from Ruby Rose on it and following this, she revealed that their whole situation, according to her with the publicity stunt that Ka, that Drusky fully sponsored.


So Now you gonna tell Hershey capped too? No, the relationship was capped. Oh. Like how you gonna tell her The relationship was capped? Like She gonna hang out with Dolly Parton, right? Yeah. I said the relationship was capped. Well and then Ruby Rose followed up with some tweets she said. And for the record, she never slept with that man. Talking about Drusky, he paid for pr, knocked the P word. Talking about her private part. Yep. She said I only give it up if I'm in love. I don't care how much money he got. I'm rich. He's funny and nice though. Actually she tweeted these first and then she followed up with the video saying it was a publicity stunt because people were like, wait, so you rich but you took money for publicity, stunt to date somebody. Make it make sense? I don't know. This is all a little weird to me because when I saw the videos I was convinced.


'cause they were like, did you see the kissing? Were you, I still thought it was they both. I wanna Know how much money She got for she comedian. I didn't believe it all. Did you see that tongue kiss? I wanna know how much money she got for that tongue kiss. 'cause that was, that was very involved. How did you Charge for A tongue kiss? I'm not doing that. That was very involved. I thought that they were just really together and having a good time. And I'm like, You know he's funny. He's doing well in life right Now. This is the, this is the internet. I don't believe it. I don't believe anything. Well The people have been dragging her online because they don't understand how one can go with the other. How you got money, you don't need nobody to pay for nothing. You basically trying to play him, but you were down for the publicity center. Don't believe anything you see online y'all. That's the moral of the story. There you go. But really nobody does. People just like I Said, so when you post you on Morris' Chestnut, Oh, I definitely don't believe that. The Worst. Don't believe Anything you say online. Yo, by the way, Lauren, that was the worst example you could bring up.


Why? Was it? Because I'm clearly not Martha Jack's Nut. No, we know you're not him. Only you thought That but no, I think I look like him. Yeah, that's a Goddamn mind Me. Oh, you see how you tried to insert that? He is Mar no one ever thought that that wasn't what was In question and nobody thinks was, I don't even know What y'all talking about That is so Sarah, Sarah Huckle be the remain humble. Right? I don't even know what y'all talking about. That is Just what the mess with Lauren La. So all right. The People's Choice mix is up next. It's The, Breakfast, Club. Good morning The. Breakfast Club. Your mornings will never be The same. Morning everybody, it's DJ Envy, Jess, hilarious Charlemagne guy. We are The, Breakfast Club. Lauren la filling in for Jess. We got a salute baby Face Ray for joining us today. Salute Baby Face Ray. He's got the new album. The Kid Who Did. Man, I like everything that that young brother is doing.


Salute to him on the new label too. The Wavy Gang Entertainment. Alright, And also Salute to Everybody Headed to Vegas for the iHeart Radio Festival artists like Victoria, Monet, big Sean asap. Rocky Shazi is performing this weekend. So If, you headed out there. Please be safe guys, Man. Salute the Trap. Trap just sent Taylor a picture of some baby oil and some lube and the text says, I'm thinking to myself, You know how much a thousand bottles of baby oil is like I've had these two bottles going on seven years. Seven years and still ain't done. Is that lube and bitch, I be greasing cheeks. I know that when he say, and bitch, he's serious.


Jesus. Oh my God. Sal. Salute to Trav to salute, to Trav all. And listen, I want to tell y'all too, man, make sure you go register for the my fourth Annual Mental Wealth Expo, which is happening on October the 12th at the Marriott Marque in Times Square from 11:00 AM to 4:00 PM Okay, we got some of your favorite psychiatrists and therapists. Some of the best psychiatrist therapists will be there like Dr. Rita Walker, Dr. Alfie Breland Noble, my man Elliot, Connie, my good brother, Dr. J Barnett. And it is a free event. It is open to all ages and it is free, free, free, free, free. All you gotta do is go to mental wealth expo.com to register to be there. All right, when we come back, positive note, it's The, Breakfast, Club.


Good morning. Morning everybody. It's DJ NV, just hilarious. Charlamagne, the guy we are The, Breakfast, Club. Lauren LaRosa, filling in for just now. Charlamagne, you got a positive Note? I do. I also wanna salute everybody, man, who went out yesterday and purchased a copy of my new graphic novel Illuminati. Okay, I told y'all that this may or may not be based on a true story. Okay, You know we put it up on Kickstarter and we reached our goal yesterday, man. So thank you to everybody who's been ordering my new comic book, my new graphic novel salute the A WA Studios If. you want to go order a copy of Illuminati If? you want to go You know, hear some of the industry secrets, If, you want to know about fame having a price?


Then you go pick up my new comic book, my new graphic novel Illuminati. You can go to Kickstarter and just type in I-L-L-U-M-I-N-A-T-I, Illuminati or Charlamagne and order you a copy. Now the positive note is simple. Make good choices today so you don't have regrets tomorrow. Breakfast Club Bitches, you finish or y'all done


Black Tech. Green Money isn't just about telling the stories of successful black entrepreneurs. It's also about giving actionable and wealth building strategies that help you protect the future of our communities. That's why we're pleased to be supported by State Farm Insurance. State Farm also believes that we must invest in our communities to achieve economic growth by sponsoring programs like the Axo, which rewards high school students for their academic achievements. State Farm believes that being better neighbors creates better communities. Like a good neighbor, State Farm is there.


Everyone loves getting good advice and staying in the know. There's nothing like getting a heads up on something before you even had the time to think about whether you need or want it. Well, thankfully at t provides personalized recommendations and solutions so you get what's right for you. Whether right for you means a plan that's better suited for you and your family, or a product that makes sense for you and your lifestyle. So relax and let at t provide proactive recommendations to help empower your best connected life.


Have you boosted your business with Lenovo Pro yet? Become a Lenovo Pro member for free today and unlock access to Lenovo's exclusive business store for technology expert advisors and essential products and services designed just for you. Visit lenovo.com/lenovo Pro to sign up for free. That's lenovo.com/lenovo Pro Lenovo Lenovo Unlock new AI experiences with Lenovo's ThinkPad X one carbon powered by Intel core Ultra processors.


Hi, loves, it's me, Paris Hilton. I'm already excited for you to listen to my new album, infinite Icon, and I'm even more excited for you to listen to it on Vinyl Welcome to the Academy. Every vinyl collection needs a crown jewel and no jewel sparkles brighter than an autographed baby pink edition of Infinite Icon. Order. The LP signed by yours truly@shop.paris hilton.com. That's hot sponsored by 1111 Media.


There's Two kinds of people in The World, people who love health aid kombucha, and people who have never tried it. The bubbly mix of probiotic tea and refreshing juice is delicious and good for your gut health with great flavors to choose from that you can't help but love If, you have never tried it before. Maybe try a bottle or can of passion fruit tangerine or ginger lemon, your taste buds and your gut will. Thank you. Look for the brown bottle with an anchor on it and try Health aid Kombucha today.