
The holidays are in full swing at Home Depot. If you wanna make the most of your time with your family, they have everything you need. Like the KitchenAid Artisan sir stand mixer with 10 speeds and a five quart bowl that can whip up. A nine yes, nine dozen cookie at once. That helps me out. You know I got six kids, so I need more than nine cookies, but plenty for everyone. Even the big guy. Get a gift. The whole family can gather around. Enjoy up to 40% of select furniture, decor, and kitchen essentials at the Home Depot. Shop now@homedepot.com.


Hey, it's me, Tyler, both open. Airbus are stylish. The color, the way it looks, it looks almost like a earring. You know. So I feel like it could go with anything. My style is very fun. I feel like I always look like I'm on holiday. I just really like playing around with it and tying it to the music. So yeah, I really feel like the music I'm making right now feels like a holiday. So I wanna look like a tune. Check out boz.com for more.


What's it like to get the new iPhone 16 Pro with at and t? Next up, anytime. It's like when you first light up the grill and think of all the mouthwatering possibilities. Learn how to get the new iPhone 16 Pro with Apple Intelligence on at and t and the latest iPhone everywhere with at t's. Next up, anytime. At and t connecting changes everything. Apple Intelligence coming 4 20 24. Which sir and device Language to set us English. Some features and languages will be coming over the next year. $0 offer may be not available on future iPhones. Next up, anytime. Feature may be discontinued at any time. Subject. To change additional fees, terms restrictions, apply to att.com/iphone four detail.


You could sit there and listen to ads or you could take a moment to have a Diet Coke break. First, grab a chill Diet Coke. 'cause if you want it to be perfect, it needs to be crispy. Next, get a big cup of ice. 'cause everyone knows Diet Coke is best served swimming in ice, then sip it slowly. Feel that burn and enjoy your break for as long as possible. When you need a break, don't forget to grab an Ice cold Diet Coke and take a Diet Coke break.


Hey guys, I'm Kate Maxx. You might know me from my popular online series, the Running Interview Show where I run with celebrities, athletes, entrepreneurs, and more. After those runs, the conversations keep going. That's what my podcast Post Run High is all about. It's a chance to sit down with my guests and dive even deeper into their stories, their journeys, and the thoughts that arise once we've hit the pavement together. Listen to posts run high on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts.


Good morning. USA. Yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo. Jess is out today. Lauren is filling in for Jess. What up Lauren? Good morning y'all. Charlemagne, the guy Beast of the planet is Tuesday. Good morning. How do y'all feel out there? Yes, it's Tuesday. Hey man. Happy to be here. Another day to serve our beautiful listeners. I feel blessed black and highly favored what's happening in the room. How's everybody's energy? Ll Cool Bay? How are You? I am good. Countdown to my birthday. Count down to your birthday Tomorrow, right? Friday. No, my birthday is Friday. Friday. I think you ask me that every day, but it's okay. I know you're of a certain age. That's right. I'll Be forgetting. Yep. Yeah. Be Forgetting. Yep. We partying for your birthday Tonight?


Yes, we are. We're starting to party tonight. I'm starting to party in this morning. Okay. Alright. Oh God. No. Any, any excuse to drink alcohol at six six in the morning should make some noise. Sure. My goodness should. Right Some noise. No, no disrespect. But I know that you're partying tonight and you have a lot of Delaware coming. So I just got a table on the other side. First of all, it's a lot of New York coming. I Just just got, First of all, and on, on Dis respect, we know you're an alcoholic. I got a table on the other side. On the other. I got a table on the other side. On the other side. It's like right there. Arms reach. It's super small. It's like on the other side, Like partying on a random Tuesday. It's New York. Most of the stuff we doing lives, it's tough lives. Yeah. We do. We Do. Jesus Christ. This party There a random Tuesday, y'all gonna be in a club.


Yep. So it's not a club. It's like a Speak old enough. Old enough to be your you old Man. You too old to be acting like that bro. Why not? You need to be in your bed. I'm Actually supporting my co-host, my coworker right here. Thank you. Yeah. And I. We are gonna go partying for her birthday. She came out and supported me for my birthday. Oh, you Not coming bread. No I'm not Lauren. That's crazy. You know this man's not coming. I was trying to build While y'all ask these type of questions, You know this man's not Coming. I was, I was trying to build a dinner until the Tonight 'cause I'm like, maybe we could get him out at like five. The dinner. You would've got him out at five. You would've got him out. Would Yeah, but I just, another time I do a Dinner around five Six. I got so much I got to do. Yeah. So, so me and the wife will be coming out and supporting you and You know Friday Madison and her boyfriend will be coming as well. So we can have a good time tonight. All Right. Boy, you are old boy.


What that mean when you pulling up to the club with your kids? What you need to grow up. I got a 20 stop die in the bed. I got a going to the club with your kids. I don know where this is going with your life. But Yo Envy, I enjoy it. Envy. Tell Charmine look down. Telling you sat down here baby. Yeah. You See that hairline? None. None. I'm out here living my full realness You. know what I'm saying? See I'm got here ages. See, it's time for you to make his not And I. I mean, I'm in out here. Enjoy your life man. Exactly. Enjoy life with my wife and my kids. I'm enjoying it. What's Wrong with y'all being two different people? I will come to your book stuff and You know I went to Astoria. I just want everybody, I'm gonna pull up anywhere for envy to be time. I just want everybody to grow up. That's all. Growing up. Doesn't mean living in the casket. It don't mean living in the club at 49 Living in The club.


First of all, I'm not, I'm not 49. You Right there. And Second of all, I'm a dj so I I do DJ And I. Enjoy it. Thirdly, It's not even like a club for real. It's like a speakeasy vibe. It's very mature. That speakeasy. RB like Love Jones Vinyl records. Very mature snapping Fingers. People rhyming. No, we ain't snapping majors. It like that. We snap I that we Ain snapping records, but, but that's Lauren. What Time to club close? What time to close at like 1 12 30? Hell, it's early. It's early. Hell. New York. New York is 4:00 AM New York. You literally come out at midnight. Mm. All right, well God bless. I'm not judging. Yes I am. Yes you are. Yes You are. But that's all you can judge. We we gonna be partying for your birthday. Yes. Yes. On B Vibe. I love it. Alright, well JAL White will be joining us this morning, man.


Jil White has a new book called Growing Up Urkel. If you, if you of a certain age, if you born in the 19 hundreds like I was then you remember TGI Fridays with Family Matters and Growing up Urkel is, it's an amazing book. If you grew up in that era and you grew up watching You know Family Matters. That's right. Because you get to see all the in ins and outs of what was going on. Did I do that? Did that said yes? Yeah. Alright, well we're gonna be kicking it with Jil White a little bit. When we come back, we got front page news. Morgan will be joining us. I'm sure she's excited. The Cowboys lo lost last night. They lost the stadium was falling apart. It was nothing. It was nasty. I went to sleep. Oh, you ain't miss nothing. I went to sleep. It's The. Breakfast Club. You all rested. The. Breakfast Club. Good morning. Morning everybody. It's DJ Envy.


Jess. Hilarious. Charlemagne the guy. We are The. Breakfast. Club. Lauren LaRosa filling in for Jess. And let's get in some front page news. Now, last night in Monday night Football, the Texans beat the Cowboys. 34 to 10. Not only did the Cowboys lose, the stadium was falling apart, there was metal str metal pieces falling all from the roof and the ceiling. They didn't know if they were actually gonna be able to have actually play the game because the metal was just falling all over the place. Wow. As the Dallas Cowboy fan, I honestly have no problem with that. 'cause You know that's just a good reminder that it's just time to tear the whole thing down. Mm. All right. It's just time to tear the whole thing down, starting with the head coach. And at this point everybody can go except for Michael Parsons.


Well congratulations. You, you're saying that you're not gonna make it to the Super Bowl. It's still a path. Oh My goodness. Good morning Boogie. It's still a sky's crazy. Good. Good Morning. We haven't been eliminated for playoff contention yet that I don't think. Good. Good morning. Yes you have. I don't know. You watching the same season? We are, but yes you have babe. It is. Okay, go ahead and wrap it up. Good morning. Envy Charlamagne and Lauren. How y'all feeling? Y'all good? Yes. Alright, so let's get into it. So President-elect Trump is confirming his plans for mass deportation. Once back in the White House, a post on truth social said the incoming Trump administration is reportedly prepared to declare a national emergency and used military assets for a mass deportation program.


Trump responded to the Post with Simply True. The President elect made the border a central issue of his campaign. He repeatedly promised to launch the largest deportation program on day one in office. Now President elect Trump, he's reportedly going to be in Texas today to view the SpaceX launch with Elon Musk. An FAA report has placed flight restrictions around a nearby Brownsville airport with a notice that mentions that A VIP will be in the area. Now that's normally reserved for high ranking public officials. Now SpaceX, of course, is run by Musk, who is close to Trump after being appointed as the co-head of a new advisory board known as the Department of Government Efficiency.


Now elsewhere in the Trump administration per se, an attorney says two of his clients have the House Ethics Committee that former have told the House Ethics Committee that former Congressman Matt Gates paid them for sex. Now, Florida attorney Joel Leopard, tells NBC news that one of his clients also saw Gates having sex with an underage woman at a house party in 2017. And he also spoke about how the Justice Department decided not to bring charges against Gates. Let's hear more from attorney Joel Leopard. She was walking outside to the pool and she observed to a right her friend who was 17 at the time of having sex with Representative Gates. They were leaned up to what she described to as a, a game table of some type.


Whether or not a federal prosecutor takes a case and decides to move forward on a trial or move forward on an allegation is that particular prosecutor's decision. It doesn't mean they didn't do it. Now Leper went on to say that he's actually speaking out to protect his clients who really didn't wanna come out and tell their story. But it's out there. So they're doing their best to control the narrative. At this point, they have not yet been subpoenaed by any federal officials or police agencies to speak publicly or testify against Gate Gates. Now Gates of course, is President-elect Trump's pick for the next Attorney General. And the House House Ethics Committee is reportedly set to meet today, or excuse me, tomorrow Wednesday to discuss its investigation into Gates and could vote to release its report into the allegations.


Again. He has not been charged You know there are no actual criminal charges in regards to this situation. You guys are like, I'm not surprised. And I mean, I'm just listening to all of this You know and all And I just keep saying You know. Donald Trump said, gimme the catalog. I'm gonna show y'all how Daddy Ball. That man got control of all three branches of government and he's acting like it. And can anyone do anything about it other than complain? Is that all Democrats going do for the next four years? Complain and talk about how bad things are and how this isn't the way things are supposed to work. What can Democrats do? What are they going to do? What about all those Republicans who are supporting You know Kamala Harris? What are they gonna do? Is there anything they can do?


I don't know. Well, moving on. President-elect, Trump's nominee for National Security Advisor says no one on his team is questioning his cabinet pits. Let's hear from Republican congressman 'cause nobody on his team is gonna question Trump. That's the whole point. Michael. Michael Wal, let's hear from him. This team, you don't have anybody on the team thinking they know better than him or want to undermine or obfuscate. We are all on board rowing in the same direction. The excitement amongst the team is, is palpable. Everybody is fired up and ready to get to work Because like, like as I just said, nobody on his team is going to question Trump. They have been telling us for months, the biggest criteria to be in Trump's administration is loyalty, unwavering, undying, loyalty to Donald Trump.


There will be no questioning of Trump from anybody it seems. And that's your front page news at 6:00 AM Morgan Wood sticker. Ralph. Thank you Morgan. Now when we come back, get it Off your chest For real World 5 0 5 1. It is Donald Trump is Hulk Hogan in the New World order. Okay, everybody gonna be putting on black in a minute. Get it off your chest again. 805 8 5 1 0 5 1. Hit us up now is The Breakfast. Club. Good morning The. Breakfast Club. This is your time to get it off your chest. Whether you're mad or Blessed, I hate the way that you walk, the way that you talk. I hate the way that you dress. Everything with near is blessed.


Call up next (800) 585-1051. Not just me, I'm with the coach of Philly. Hello. Who's this? What's going on man? This is Donald man. How y'all doing this morning, Donald? What's up? Get it off your chest, brother. Oh right man. First, first of all, John Lane, they lied to us, man, with the election. All them brothers. And I. I agree with you on that one. The second thing is, I've been having a lot of problems for years with my ex, my baby mama, whatever. But if my kids have come to age where they come, they understand that if they're not bad, you're not bad. You're a good guy. And all this and that.


And I'm like, and I'm like trying to tell these guys out here, stay in the fight. Just stay in the fight. When it, when it's time to pick him up, pick him up when it's, when it's time to drop him off, drop him off at McDonald's. Don't even drop him off at their house. Keep up man. Just drop him off at McDonald's. But I'm just trying to tell y'all, stay in the fight, man. I get what you saying, you guys just stay in the fight You. know what I mean? I get what you saying. So that's what I, that's all I'm saying today. Thank you And I. Hope y'all have a good day, man. Y'all be easy. All right. You too. I guess. 'cause I'm old now. I've been hearing a lot of stories like that nowadays that You know you had baby mothers who would keep the children away from the baby father when they was younger.


But now that the kids are older and they're able to actually have conversations, You know with their fathers, they're realizing like, damn, it wasn't, it wasn't you, it wasn't you You know. Your, your the mom. Mommy was just keeping me away from you. And some people have their own kids now and got their own baby mama issues. And so they get it. You know. They understand what daddy was going through when he was younger. Yeah, I know somebody yesterday lost a court date. His, him and his wife, they broke up. She went on vacation to California and she was like, I'm not coming back with the kids. With the kids. Oh my God. So now he's fighting You know to get the kids back. 'cause he is like the kids live here and if they in California, I had got businesses here. I can't see my kids. Do these People not have friends with horrible baby fathers? Because you would appreciate a good father. I don't Understand I. don know.


I just pray for 'em all. Hello? Who's This? Yo, What's up? It's Citi C What up? Get it off your chest. Yeah, ma'am. I got to get off my chest. Charlamagne. I gotta call you out, bro. Because every time somebody say something negative that happened with Biden, you don't say nothing. Anytime somebody say something about Trump. Oh, oh Lord, here we go. I'm like, bro, come on Now. You're not, you're not you, you're not being honest with yourself right now. But it's okay. Like don't nobody get, don't nobody give Joe Biden more hell than me. You not, you're not being honest with me. That's not true. Charlemagne, yesterday Morgan said that Biden gave Ukraine the okay to use the missiles against Russia.


You didn't say nothing and then No, that's not what No, no, no, no. That's not what I, that's not true. What? That's literally what she said. That's not, that's not what, that's not what, that's not true. Tell me what she said. Go ahead. Tell me what she said. Go Ahead. I, I said Putin is sitting back waiting. Don't worry. Wait till my guy get in in January. That's what You didn't say anything negative. That's exactly what I said. Biden giving me. Okay. Yet you said something negative about Trump putting on China. Charlamagne, be honest with the people. Charlamagne, I'm not arguing with you. Suck my have a good day. Can you say that on the radio? I think he responded. He want to do it. He might come up here with do don't threaten him with a good time. I don threaten. Good. I'm not don don't know why I'm sitting there arguing with him.


I know, I know, I know what I said about Biden and so does everybody else. I'm more into what you said after that. Oh right. Are you into it? You said you more into it. That's what you said. You said you more into it. That right. That's, that's all I'm, that's all I'm responding for now. One to any criticism. All you, I just gonna get the right one. Get it off your chest. 805 8 5 1 0 5 1. If you need to be, hit us up now at The. Breakfast. Club. Good morning, The. Breakfast, Club. I'm I'm, Hey, what you doing man? This is your time to get it off your chest. Whether you're mad or blessed. 805 8 5 1 0 5 1. We want to hear from you on The.


Breakfast. Club. Hello. Who's this? This Is Andre from Detroit. What's up Andre from Detroit. Get it off your chest. Yeah, I'm calling to call you guys out. Especially Charlemagne. Oh God, what's up? Charlemagne was the main one criticizing Trump. I feel like he loves Trump now. I feel like he can't say it 'cause he was sort of on a Kamala campaign and sort of under Kamala wave. Kamala, Kamala That talking about, y'all gotta make up y'all mind now. The last caller called in and say, I don't ever say nothing bad about Trump. Now you calling and saying I love Trump. Which one is it, bro? Because I only got three words for you in a minute. No, You love, you love uncle. You love Uncle Trump.


You love uncle. You like apologies. No, I don. You Helped him win a campaign. I helped him win the campaign. That's true. That's so Too, Andy. Exactly. You see how you forget you was in the commercial was shoot too. See how we, I'm gonna be honest with you. He cover his arms With you on one day. Forget that he was appearing that commercial. Envy don't act like That. I do, I do agree with Trump's deportation policy because there's some Negroes. I wanted de point. I'm telling you that right now. I, I just, just because of this type of hypocrisy that envy just displayed. I'm joking. I knew I was in that commercial. No, you didn't. You literally forgot. No, I, and that's our most You put seed on. You Got real news. We forget rps. I knew I was in that commercial. That's And. I. Believe you guys promoted And. I believe you guys promoted it every day by saying, oh they we need to.


We got our lawyers working on it. Lawyers working on it. That's just promoting it for him. What else sir? Now I went For Trump. What else? I voted, I just called, I voted for Kamala Harris. Who, who Are you sure about that? I'm positive sir. Who Did Joe Biden vote for? Donald Trump? No, Joe Biden definitely voted for Trump. Goodbye man. He had the MAGA hat on and everything. I saw him. I had no, I had no Joe Biden voted for Donald Trump. Jesus Christ. Hello. Who's this Breakfast? I've waited for this day with Lauren at Oh my god. I'm right here. Happy birthday. I'm sip from red wine this morning and your birthday. Oh, thank you. Good morning.


Good morning. Good morning. Have you had breakfast? First sounds wine. Sounds like You wanna do fold sex With you. Red wine early. I crazy red wine. Should I go this Morning? I get my shot since you sipping on your wine. I'm on vacation for two weeks. I like to save my, my time for the end of the I know that's right. Congratulations. So I do the same. Where the party at, which I'll do tonight. Can't tell you it's private. And. I got You drinking wine right now. I ain't messing with you. You can't come pause. Yo. Yo sha. I spoke to you years ago when you was doing, when you was Wendy. I was like, yo, what up Shacha? You was like a grown man. Don't go call another grown man shot. And I. You call him And I still feel that way right now in 2020.


You definitely not divided man. First of all, nothing wrong wine. I love wine. So there ain't nothing wrong that at six o'clock in the morning that's a problem. I'm on vacation. Does that count? No. Not at No damn. Six o'clock in the morning. Stressed out. Anything else sir? I don't wanna hear a grown man giggling calling me Shacha drinking wine at six in the morning. Anything Else? Listen, tell other guy though. What you tell the other guy? That's probably Friend. Ooh, good day. He's real giggly over there. Shacha. Go ahead say something. Say something to him. You tell him what you told the other guy. Oh, now you don't know how to talk. Now's My wide open. Ooh. Thank you Sir. Oh, y'all talking to me. Have a good day. Go. Yeah, we wanted you to say something to him. He was all giggly waiting for you to say something.


He was talking to you. Lauren, get it off Your, I think he for you. 805 8 5 1 0 5 1. Now we got just with the mess coming up. We Do, we have some interesting updates in the the Diddy case. You gonna be getting on into. Alright, We'll get into that. Next. It's The. Breakfast Club. Good morning The. Breakfast Club. Morning everybody. It's CJ Envy. Jess. Hilarious. Charlemagne the guy. We are The Breakfast. Club. Let's get to just with the mess with Lauren LaRosa. Your News Is real. Jessica Robin Moore just don't do no lying. She don't spare nobody Worldwide, worldwide mess on The.


Breakfast Club. She's the coaches with Lauren. Lauren LaRosa. And, I Got the mess. Talk to me. Alright y'all. So yesterday on Diddy News we talked about the fact that there were these, these notes and all this different stuff found in his cell when there was like some sort of raid that went down. And that this stuff is basically allegedly showing that he's been trying to sway jurors. He's been trying to sway potential witnesses and just the public opinion using social media in his family. Now, Diddy's legal team has responded to these claims. Those claims were made in a document by prosecutors. And Diddy's team is basically saying that the Feds raided his sale and took a bunch of privileged materials, including notes to his lawyers for the upcoming trial.


Now, if this were to be true, proven true, none of this stuff can be used at all when it comes to him or fighting anything against him like bail or whatever. Because you're not supposed to touch privileged information. He is allowed to have private things that happen between him and his attorney that the prosecutors can't just come in and and grab. So according to new legal docs, Diddy's attorney Mark Aglio says that on Friday night, he found out that the prosecutors were in possession of attorney client privilege material that was taken from the sale at MDC in Brooklyn. He says that the materials included handwritten notes to Diddy's legal team concerning defense witnesses, defense strategies for his upcoming trial in May. Now, Diddy's attorney is saying that the Fed did admit that they do have these notes that they recovered from the sale, but that they're saying that the search and seizure, the way that they went about it violates Diddy's fourth, fifth, and sixth Amendment rights.


They're also saying that the notes that were taken to his cell and turned over, they're also saying that the notes that were taken from his cell and turned over to the trial prosecutors in this case may be things that they're gonna try and use to keep Diddy behind bars. Which again, I told you guys can't happen Now the Feds or the, I'm sorry, the prosecutors have come out and said that is not true. They said that this raid was planned way before Diddy was even on whatever unit or whatever block that this is. This is just something that they do by protocol. They said that they take everything to, through like a check to make sure that none of the information is attorney client privilege information. So they're all good. They're all go. They did everything what they were supposed to and they found out about the communication on the three-Way doc or the three-Way calls because the calls are monitored.


So they can use that. They basically saying they did everything right. So they're fighting back against all of that stuff. Mm. Now Yeah. Why Was he allegedly writing these notes in the first place though? So that doesn't, that doesn't sound right. Forget the, forget the raids and all that. Why you writing these notes and leaving them around for people? It was probably things so he would remember. So when he seen his attorney, he could You know, give the attorney the notes that says this. I was thinking about this, but this I'm, this is what I'm trying to bribe. Well, we don't know. That's why, that's Why I don. We don't know exactly what, like how it was worded or whatever. Yeah, but 'cause what Diddy's team is claiming is that he had this stuff separated. These notes were in something that was for his legal team. The Feds are saying, or the prosecutors are saying there was a manila folder labeled Fed. I mean Fed labeled legal, but there was also a notebook in the address book and things that were personal.


So they, they were separated and they went through it. Gotcha. But they did say that they took pictures of this stuff. Like they photographed everything. They went through these checks and whatever was supposed to be redacted and not used, they didn't use and it will be redacted. So don don't know, but they're saying that this stuff is personal. They took photos of it and then they, they actually left it on the bunk once they took the photos. So nothing was actually seized according to the US attorney's office. Now another news, there is a report circulated right now from a journalist named Trey. Now this report actually comes from an original report brought by Lisa Evers who works here in New York on a Fox local station that she did a week ago. She sat down and interviewed a former inmate of MDC Brooklyn that was locked up with Diddy.


Let's take a listen. Did You have any interaction with him at all while you were inside? Yeah, We, we told You know he's cool play ball. He worked out. He's had a good issue. How Were the other guys like treating him? Like did they seem like they were treating him with respect? They was ies. They was being around him. They was like, dude would be jealous of another dude because he was closer to another dude. Like there was a dude that was making his bed for, or doing something special for. They even ate on a dude like that. Somebody doing your bed for you in jail on awi. It is crazy. That's diabolical. But I Mean, how do, okay, so y'all know in like the prison movies, when you try and like claim your alliance to somebody, you do smoke stuff.


Like, they be like washing people's clothes and like they get you extra like cornbread. No, that's not a real thing. Listen man, after all we've learned this year about Diddy, allegedly that's calm. There's a lot of other things we could be hearing. Diddy could be. You said that's what? That's calm. Calm. Oh, I thought you said something. No, No. That's calm. Like Diddy could be You know there's a lot of other stuff we could be hearing. Like Diddy could be bending over and telling people, grab a spoon. Whoa, whoa, crunch, crunching, munch babe ain't go that far. I'm just about making bends. That's my point. So that's my point. That that's how that's calm compared to what, what we could be hearing. Now, granted, we don't know. I mean this is just a You know, an a something that this person is saying who is a legend that they were locked up with Puff.


Right? We don't know if this is true, but if it is true, can't somebody making it bad just be harmless? Like they just know he's puff, he got money, they need money for You. know what I mean? It can't be harmless. Nah, nah, nah, nah, nah. Not when it's Diddy. 'cause we, we've heard all these other things allegedly this year. So when you here making the bed You, know what I'm saying? You start thinking about other stuff. Yo, making the You know what I'm from Making a band to making a bed is crazy. What does something special for him mean too? That's because he, that's what he said. He said making the bed and You know, doing something special for him. That that's what I'm saying, like getting him extra cornbread and stuff. Like on the movies. Did he had min on the street holding umbrellas for him. So be lucky he doesn't have men hole in his penis while he pees in prison. What, what, what, what? Wayne's shaking it. What? That He goes far. He goes fall away with Itall too far.


You took the peace Real. I'm just where I could go Say that fast. You said penis in the prison in the But no I don sound. Yeah. Yeah. You shouldn't have said it in the first Place. Well, I can't help how my brain works. Oh God. Well, speaking of how your brain works, let's talk about some booty. What? So Mike Tyson, remember I Thought we was talking about booty the whole time. So we wasn't talking about booty this whole time. You was Yeah, the whole conversation was about booty. You got me. Lord Jesus Christ. You really give unc vibes like the uncle still keep his e and j in the, in the bag outside the the liquor store. That's how you got my Crown Royal back. That is how you act, bro. You need a little something. Need a little Yo, gimme a little.


I'm supposed be going to my next Story. Go ahead. Go, go, go. Dang, you give a Go. You going booty. You said Booty. Yeah. So Mike Tyson's Booty is getting an offer for $250,000. So enough gotta do With it. What do you gotta Do with it? So there's a, there's a stream site called Cam Soda. It's a popular adult website and they actually spoke to TMZ sports and they said that look after they got that view of the, of the backside, You know iron, Mike's cheeks on Netflix the other day. They want him to come on over to their platform and flaunt his buried behind on their screens. They're saying that they're willing to give him $250,000 to do it. And all he has to do is flash his little You. know what I mean? Situation on the live cam for


the Holidays are just around the corner. And if you are anything like me, that means you'll be hosting all your family and friends, whether it's making holiday cookies or getting your space ready for guests. The Home Depot has furniture, decor and kitchen essentials at 40% off like the KitchenAid Artisan sir stand mixer. Not only does it look sharp on your kitchen counter, but it also got 10 speeds. A tilt back head for easy ingredient mixing and a five quart bowl that can whip up ready for this nine dozen cookies in one go. Enough for your entire family, friends, neighbors. Oh, and the big guy too. The KitchenAid Artisan series stand mix that comes with dough hooks, a wire whip, and a flat beater. So it can do a lot of really cool things. The holidays are happening at Home Depot, which means right now you can save up to 40% off select furniture, decor, and kitchen essentials. So go to Home depot.com to shop now.


Amazon's Black Friday week starts November 21st with new deals added every day. Save on home goods to deck their halls toys to stuff, their stocking and fashion like slippers to missile their toes. Woo. Shop Break Deals on Amazon.


Hey guys, I'm Kate Maxx. You might know me from my popular online series, the Running Interview Show where I run with celebrities, athletes, entrepreneurs, and more. After those runs, the conversations keep going. That's what my podcast Post Run High is all about. It's a chance to sit down with my guests and dive even deeper into their stories, their journeys, and the thoughts that arise once we've hit the pavement together. You know that rush of endorphins you feel after a great workout. Well, that's when the real magic happens. So if you love hearing real inspiring stories from the people You know, follow and admire Join me every week for post run High. It's where we take the conversation beyond the run and get into the heart of it all. It's lighthearted pretty crazy and very fun. Listen to post Run High on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts.


Hey Bo. Hey Matt. Can you believe we have a whole bunch of wicked episodes coming up? Oh, I can't wait to share all of these amazing episodes with the readers Katie's publicists and finalists. That's Right. We're talking all things behind bringing this iconic musical to the big screen. And of course, we're taking you inside The World of this epic movie with all the exclusive details you won't hear anywhere else. It's Wicked in a way you've never heard before. Don't miss it. And be sure to go watch Wicked in theater starting November 22nd. Listen to Last culture just on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts.


Hey, What's up? This is Ramsey job And. I. Go by the name Q Ward. And we'd like you to join us each week for our show. Civic Cipher. That's right. We're gonna discuss social issues, especially those that affect black and brown people, but in a way that informs and empowers all people to hopefully create better allies. Think Of it as a black show for non-black people. We discuss everything from prejudice to politics to police violence, and we try to give you the tools to create positive change in your home, workplace and social circle. Exactly whether you're black, Asian, white, Latinx, indigenous, lgbtqia plus, you name it. If you stand with us, then we stand with you. Let's discuss the stories and conduct the interviews that will help us create a more empathetic, accountable and equitable America. You are all our brothers and sisters and we're inviting you to join us for civic cipher each and every Saturday with myself. Ramsey's Ja Q Ward and some of the greatest minds in America. Listen to Civic cipher every Saturday on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcast, or wherever you get your podcast.


Only one hour. What you mean? You gotta stand in there for an hour with his ass Out. That's what you do on the live stream. Like girl, girls or whoever you are into, they get on there, they taking the clothes off. They You know having fun with you. They saying all you gotta do is just get up. Stay there. Two 50. First of all, I don't like them objectifying Mike Tyson like that. And number two, there is absolutely no reason for there, for there to be a homeless person in America if people got $250,000 just to give Mike Tyson for him to stand there for hour. So we can see cheeks. There is no reason for there to be a homeless. This problem in America. That's not, but that's Mike Tyson. We can take. That's not James from Jerome av. That's Mike Tyson. Yo. Yeah. Well you sound gay. I know that sounded bad. That sounded bad when I said sound. I shoulda let it say sound.


Put some star On that booty. Put some star on that booty. That's true. That Ain't, we can subscribe. That's a good one, right? I'm mean, Wow. That's a favorite booty right there, right? And you like, that's Mike Tyson back. That ain't no regular ass. That's Mike Tyson's booty. Where's the picture? Lauren? You got the picture behind you. We threw the clearly he wants right there. Right there. That was just with the With Bite you. Thank you Little everybody's little game. There you go. Here you go. I'm good. There you go. I'm good. After motivation. You need to do your good Welcome To the generation of the booty. Do. What song would I play if I look at that? What would be the first half? We come back, we Got front page news, breakfast Club.


Good morning, we go together. You go Morning everybody. It's DJ Envy Jess. Hilarious Charlamagne the guy We are The, Breakfast Club. Laura Rosa filling in for Jess. And let's get in some front page news now and Night Football. The Cowboys lost to the Texans 34 to 10. I mean, it was bad. It was so bad. The stadium started falling apart. It was actually metal pieces of the stadium falling. Well, 'cause the, the at and t stadium is tired of it too. You know. And it's just really time to You know. Tear the whole thing down. And Jared Jones is still delusional. Like he says that You know Mike McCarthy has not lost the Cowboy. Those people are not playing for Mike McCarthy no more. They're not playing for you no more. Jerry. They not playing for the Star no more.


Okay. It is time to tear the whole thing down. And Jerry Jones needs to relinquish control the football operations to somebody who actually knows what they're doing. Sounds like the same thing the commanders did. Hmm. Well Good morning Morgan. Ask you about them. Damn commanders. Morgan. Good morning. Good morning. Yes. Yeah, sounds like a rinse and repeat of the commanders. Anyways, I'm not gonna get too much into that. Let's get into this news. Front page news. The Department of Justice is opening a civil rights investigation into an Illinois sheriff's office. In response to the death of a 36-year-old wom black woman who was shot in her own home, let's say her name, Sonya Massey. She called authorities to her home near Springfield back in July saying there were, there may be a prowler outside.


After arriving on the scene, the mother of two was noted to have a, had a boiling pot of water on the stove. As she moved to tend to the pot, a deputy told her to step away. Instead, Massey, who was believed to have been having a mental health issue, she told the deputy, I rebuke you in the name of Jesus. Now, before I play the audio of that incident, in case you you missed it, I'm gonna remind you, let me issue a trigger warning that this may be difficult for some to listen to. And if you have littles in the car, you may want to turn the radio down for about five. Excuse me, 15 seconds. Now let's hear that audio from when Sonya Massey was shot in her home by police. I And I Swear face.


Okay, I'm sorry. Shots fired. Shots fired. Shots fired. I didn't need that this morning. No, No, I'm sorry. But You know it is. This is, this is news and we will continue to report it. Body cam footage shows that he threatened to shoot her in the face. And of course, seconds later, he opened fired on her. Sean Grayson was the officer. He was fired from Sangamon County Sheriff's Office two weeks later and is currently facing a charge of first degree murder. Continuing with that type of story, testimony continues today and the civil lawsuit trial against a Dallas police officer Amber Geiger.


Now Geiger was fired from Dallas Police Department after fatally shooting both of John in 2018. Now Geiger and John both lived in the same apartment building. She claims she entered his unit mistakenly thinking it was hers. She shot him because she mistook mistook him for a burglar. And on Monday the jury heard from John's sister from a Tennessee law enforcement expert via Zoom. And Geiger is serving a 10 year sentence in state prison for manslaughter. In regards to that charge, John's family is suing her for using excessive force. Now some semi positive news out of California, the Palm Springs, California City Council. California City Council, voted unanimously last week to approve nearly $6 million in reparations for black and Latino families forced out of their homes in the late 1950s and 1960s.


Now the homes were all on land known as Section 14, which is where Pearl Devs grew up. Now, attorney Arriva Martin represents a group of people who grew up in that area, known as Section 14 survivors. She applauded the unanimous city council vote. Let's hear more from Pearl Devs and Arriva Martin. The city took control over this area and burned and bulldozed us out without sufficient proper. And in many cases no notices at all. People literally went to school and work and came home to find their home and possession gone. We hope that by working in collaboration with the city of Palm Springs, we can show other cities throughout the state of California that it is possible to rectify racial harms.


Now the city has also issued a formal apology and will rename a public park on the land and plans to build a monument listing the names of its ancestors. So You know, You know. We've been asking You know what can you do about rep reparations? I guess there, there's a start. California is starting somewhere now. Bringing things home to New York and putting a bow on this issue. The MTA board is signing off on a revised congestion pricing plan. The vote was 12 to one at a board meeting yesterday afternoon. MTA chair, Jano Lieber spoke about the $9 toll for drivers heading south of 60th Street in Manhattan. Betsy Plum with the Riders Alliance, she applauds the move while Catherine freed with a, a former city council member on the Lower East Side says congestion pricing will harm the area of Manhattan.


Let's hear their comments from the MTA board meeting. There isn't any more room. We have a limited amount of room in the Central business district, which is the most congested area in terms of traffic in the United States. It's not just another funding stream. It is the only one that directly improves public transit while cleaning our air, making our streets safer and cutting down on the congestion that keeps all of us stuck. Our cost of living will go up. Our cost of food deliveries and services will get higher. We depend on infrequent bus service. We do not have accessible subways. So the plan, which still needs federal approval, also calls for the toll to go up to $15 in 2031.


So while we're thinking there's resolved, there is still issues to be, be to be that they're figuring out. Again, a federal lawsuit is trying to stop the toll, which is set to go in effect on January 5th. Now, New Jersey drivers get a $3 discount for using the Lincoln and Holland tunnels. The congestion, again, would go up to $15 and 2031. And there are federal lawsuits trying to stop that effective January 5th. So that's your front page news. I'm Morgan Wood, follow me on social at Morgan Media. M-O-R-G-Y-N-M-E-D-I-A. And for more news coverage follow at Black Information Network, download the free iHeartRadio App and visit us@bnnews.com. Thank y'all. Thank you Morgan. And they said the reason they're trying to go so fast with this is 'cause they want to get this done before Trump gets in office.


So Yes, because Trump is, it is projected that he will just kill the entire thing. This is True. And, and and guess what? That's a good thing. Yes. You know you Listen, here's the thing. This is why I keep telling folks You know whether you voted for the person or not. When the person does something that you agree with, I'm all for it. That's right. I don't want these congestion prices in New York. No, it's gonna raise the prices for Too many people. Hey, it's already expensive. That's right. Hey, do your thing Trump, do your thing. Do your thing Trump. Okay. All right. Well we stop for to use that now. Like, yeah, they Damn. Got you. Oh my goodness. All right. When we come back, JAL White will be joining us. Steve Urkel. You remember Steve Urkel? Yes. He has a new book Growing up Urkel.


And we gonna talk to JAL White when we come back. It's The Breakfast. Club. Good morning, The. Breakfast Club. Morning Everybody. It's EJ Envy. Just Solaris Charlamagne the guy. We are The Breakfast Club. Lauren LaRosa filling in for Jess. And we got a special guest in the Building. Yes indeed. We got JAL White. Welcome. What's up Ka? How you feeling, man? I'm doing great, man. I'm having a good Morning. Good to see you brother. Good to see you, brother. You got your new book growing up. Urkel a memoir. I've always loved your story though because You know you already epitome of taking advantage of a moment season opportunity, right? Because you were so only supposed to be on one episode. One episode of Family Matter. How'd that happen Again, Charlemagne?


I was, I was just a black kid at one of the second Genesis dog. It, it really wasn't that deep. My dad told me that I could get one of anything whenever I got a job because I was resisting going on auditions at this point. I was five foot four. Me was ready to play basketball. We gonna get into basketball talks at some point. And I wasn't booking jobs at age 12 too much because a lot of the stereotypical roles, I just wasn't fitting it. My, my, my profile. I had, like I said, I had braces. I'm five foot four. And I saw this audition come through And I was like, I can get this job. What, what was it? What was it? What did it say? The description I, I included in the book Descrip was just You know nerdy character Rick. Matter of fact, I was described as a Rick Morran type. So that just shows you what the writer's room was already doing.


They cast a black kid and asking for a Rick Morran type. So I actually read that literally. And then I went and got the best of Saturday Night Live VHS tape that we had in our house. And I found Ed Grimley. And I basically was doing a black kid's version of Ed Grimley. Yeah. And it wasn't really a good impersonation quite frankly, but because nobody thought that was my, my inspiration, it became mine. Did Did you get the second genesis? I was just always curious. Of Course. Oh, you got the second gen. Okay. Just wanted to make Sure. Of course I got that second genesis. Did you want To act? Acting was just something that I just did natural. I've been doing this. So I was three. So You know, did you want to do anything that your parents got, you started when you were three? It was just, it just came naturally. I didn't resist it. And I enjoyed it. Of course you always enjoyed it. Enjoyed getting a day off of school to go someplace and and cool and Yeah, exactly.


And have some fun. But as I got to be around the age of 12, I didn't really want to act anymore. I wanted to play, play basketball. But once I got the show, then I started getting reps in at a different pace. Right. And now once you get reps in, you prove yourself good at something proficient. Like I remember the exact episode where I'm like, oh, this is fun. And this audience is my toy. And the episode's called The Big Fix, where I took Laura on a date for the first time because Eddie needed to pay off a bet. And I leveled this French restaurant. Now Before we get to I Don, God remember that episode too? Yeah. That's, that's the first episode where I'm like, I could hear the audience different. I could see it in my eyes when I watched the episode. Before we get into to that part of it, is it true that you tried out for Rudy Huxtable lap?


That part? Yeah. I did. The Rudy, that's the name Rudy was for boy. Oh wow. Wow. It was four boys. So there was a debate there. And You know, he obviously won out over the network at the end. And, and Keisha got the role in the end. How close did you get? Oh, it came down to me and her. Wow. That's it. Wow. They, they auditioned us all day. I actually never forget that audition. They always bring in like two or three options for each role. But they put us in one room for like several hours and kept pairing us and going in and out. And then at the end they said, Hey listen, we are pressed for time, so we will take you, you, you and you and the rest of you thank you for coming out. So you had all these crying kids just pouring outta that building that had been there all day. And I. Remember my mom was like, she just had a huge reaction to that.


She was like, if you ever react like that to losing an audition again, oh you cried. You was balling. Oh, we ball every, I mean that's a cold way to lose a job when you're seven years old. Did you really understand though, And to be picked right in front, You know and right in front because generally it happened. You know your agent would call you or your agent didn't call you. Right. And my mom was never the type to call the agent also and be like, did we or did we not get the job? And a lot of parents do that, but Did you really understand at seven years old, like, oh my God, I'm losing this job. This is like what? This could be like. Well we were Supposed, you were just like a kid. And it was like, no. So you cried, but like, what did you think? No. Well we were supposed to move to New York. Oh. So they were, they had already talked to my parents through our agent and everything. And my dad was trying to figure out, 'cause he was just graduating from dental school at the time.


My dad was trying to figure out how to do this from New York. Right. They had practically said, the job is yours. And then a little girl came walking in. Damn. Wow. I mean they do that kind of stuff all the time. Now that I'm an adult, And I know that. But at the time it was just, it was just very shocking. So you focused and then you become a big fan of the show, right? So you're looking at the show and it's like, oh man, that could have been me. Right? You doing, you're doing that. But that passes too. Yeah, that passes. Yeah. Especially when you end up with your own iconic role in the future. Right. I didn't even look at it that way. Way. Okay. Seriously. I just, during that time, Shawn, man, I'm telling you man, it's, it's wild to watch fame now because everybody kind of believes like they can have a famous moment and, and it should come easy to them. But back then, like You know, if you got a chance to meet Magic Johnson, you got a chance to meet Chad Jackson in person.


They were inaccessible, right? They were all talented. Yeah. They were You know, they, there was an aura. Literally. I remember the time I met Michael Jordan for the first time and he crept up behind me at the Magic Johnson Midsummer Night Classic. And it's just like, he literally had like this little glow around him, this black Jesus glow around him. And, and it's different now. It really is. So you didn't think you could be that. You see what I'm saying? Yeah. I don't think that, I don't think there is real celebrity now. Oh, now no. Celebrity has completely been diluted. Yeah. It really is. IJII, I'll disagree and say there's still some people who have it. Yeah. I could say You know. I could see it. There's certain people where they walk in and they have that natural it factor where it's like, okay, you just, you affect room You. know what I'm saying? Even when Will Smith used to come in where the NBA all-star games, when Will was in the room, it was just different.


That's just, or though, yeah, That's just Exactly. So, but that's, but that's traditional celebrity. This stuff Now, like I said, it's just, it could feel real temporary and it's like, ah, you ain't got the it factor, but, but you got the light on you. Right. Did the cast like you, because you went from just supposed to be Diana one episode. Yeah. To taking over the whole thing. So did they like it? There had to be some resentment A little bit. It was like it was a kid, nerdy kid coming in there, taking Over. Like I said, it was, it was, it was weird at first. The kids, And I, we worked it out the easiest because they had to hear a lot of things that some of their parents, or even what I'm saying, and You know when you're a kid and you're hearing what your parents are saying, you're just gonna follow suit with that. But Darius and Kelly, And, I, we became brothers and sisters. That's our puberty. So I just feel like the division really kind of took place.


More along the lines of the adults were the adults and the kids were the kids. You would think that at some point in life people would understand that y'all are a team. And it doesn't matter who the star of the team is, if the team wins is winning. Yeah. But the magic words you say is you would think Yeah, yeah, yeah. But I would just say, I'm just, after all of these years, we haven't learned that. Even when you use the Shaq and Kobe example, like Yeah, that's You know. You can't change the way people are gonna think when they, when they're coming from a place of ego. You know I did a lot to extend our run because the reality was the show's about To get canceled. I know, but there a fact. I get it. You can say that. I don't need to to to, to lean in on that You know. But You know whether if it was keeping my hair the cut the same way. I mean it got to the point where I was sick of my own haircut or staying out of the gym, not working out.


You know that sucked from playing basketball. And finally in my senior year, they made you Change the pants that she Was wearing. Yeah. They made me change the, in the final season it was like, no more jeans. He doesn't wear any jeans. So I was doing things that was I thought That was good. Well, I into it. No, no, no. Go ahead talking. Go ahead. I read that. No, he about to get messy. What Was your bulge? He I Don care. Lauren, don't let I said talk over you. I mean, he wants to talk about your bulge. I wanna be, I want him. You Said pants. They wanted come in his Pants. I was getting there. I was gonna let him finish his statement. You jumped to the bulge. How did I Jumped all down his pants. Go ahead. Finish. I don. Let him work it out. But it will come to the package.


Right. Gi That's crazy. Y'all don't get to sit here. He wild ball. That's crazy. He wild ball. He gives it off. He, he was waiting for that one for the moment he gives it off. So back to the bones. That, That James bottom line, they just said no jeans in the final season. Yeah, That was it. Oh, they didn't tell you why they Said no jeans in the final season. They Said the bulge. Right. They You know. Now they did tell you the bulge. They Did tell you that. They said it was getting a little awkward to see the bulge. That's what the quote said. Jesus. They said no jeans in the final season. Do they come to your parents and say that? Or did they come directly to you? No, at that point, I mean, come on, I'm on set and I'm taking, I'm getting notes from producers and You know that was, I need to see that note. What? That's a funny ass note. To tell somebody that's An uncomfortable note Was like, wait, did, that's hilarious.


I Feel like you said that in private, like you pull my family to the side and we have a very close discussion. Like Talk about your son's bch. What? Wild B All we got more with Jule White, AKA Steve Urkel, when we come back, don't move. It's The. Breakfast Club. Good morning. Morning everybody. It's DJ Envy. Jess. Hilarious. Charlamagne the guy. We are The. Breakfast. Club. Lauren LaRosa filling in for Jess. We're still kicking it with Jule White You know Steve Urkel. Now we were talking about when you were turning into the Star, right? So at first you didn't have a dress room. Now you got the biggest dress room. So how was that change? I mean, The big money, I'm so money change. Well, the thing about money, which was cool, is that my mom was, was so petrified the show would get canceled anyway.


That she never bought a new car for the first four seasons of the show. Oh wow. You know my mom was that. I think that's why I'm so passionate about the protective job that my parents did. They did so much to try to keep me attached to normal life. Right. You know they didn't get new cars themselves. My mom demanded that I went to public school. I went to public school during the entire crazy of that time. Crazy. Her culture at that time. Yes. Yeah. But they didn't, that's But we didn't have cell phones. We didn't have all, well we had cell phones, but they were big bricks at that time. But we didn't have smartphones to invade the privacy to that degree and let everybody know what school he goes to, at least on a nationwide level. So You know I would pop into school like every two weeks to three weeks and You know.


That was something I actually enjoyed doing. Kinda like a magic trick because I, I could go in And I, I could take tests, I could raise my hand, I could answer, answer questions from the teacher. And my peers are looking at me like, how do You know this stuff? It's like I study on set too. How Was school? Did you ever get bullied because people looked at You? Oh yeah. No. That's a whole, you Talking in the book. There Was a whole thing. It was like, I I, the first school I, I was attending at the time, I was the only black kid at the entire school. Which was awkward too. It was, it was, it was half Asian, it was half white. And now it's since taken over all Asian. When I go back and pass that school and You know, that's all You know the usual stuff. Can I touch your hair and You know, not get invited to Bat Mitzvahs and all that kind of stuff. And then that all changed as soon as I got on the show. Hey, you wanna go to a liquor game with me And You know my mom wants your agent number.


She's thinking about putting me in the business and now I'm suddenly so popular. So I left that school and then I went to what I like to call, like You know the Joe Clark School, the Lean on Me Light. In that case, I was just, I stood out a little too much and it also raised my hand too much. And I had a teacher that liked me. And I liked Ms. Lasseter too. And You know at schools like that, they don't like those kind of relationships. So ran into problems there. And then my mom found the school that was the, the porch that was just warm enough for me in in three Bear story analogy. And, and that was South Pasadena High School. And they kinda had to sprinkle everybody. It was Asian, it was Mexican, it was black, it was was wonderful. And I had a great principal named Ben Ramirez. May he rest in peace who just You know, kind of went out of his way to make sure that I was always welcome on camp.


So, 'cause even in your book, you talk about having your dressing room kind of like set up like a NBA Locker room. Yeah. My dress, my dress room was cool. A dressing room. You really wanted to go to the NBA, like that was like really I don think it was about going to the NBAI was a huge, I mean, listen, if you grew up in the nineties, the NBA just was just was different man. It it landed on your life, man. It was, it was everything. Got you. So I You know, I, once I started gaining some influence, You know you could do certain things in the set decorator for our show transformed the second room in my dressing room into an actual NBA locker room. Mm. So I had all the different lockers. That's dope. And You know that's where I would change to get ready for the show. Wow. You know what I wonder too? Did the cast members on Family Matters? Was it a level of hate and jealousy and Envious?


Envious? Envious are Envious. Envious. I'm just say envi. Yeah. It was say Envious You. know what I mean? R That it's your chance to get him. You jump on him. Now. R in hindsight, were you really difficult to work with? No, absolutely not. Okay. You know I because Vel Johnson said that. Okay. But, okay, so let me make it easy for you then. How come you've never heard that from the kids? Kelly speaks Darius is everywhere. There is everywhere. How come you've never heard that from the kids? Yeah. You know. When you, when you, when you leave a show, first of all, the difference between movie stardom and TV stardom is when you're a movie star, you're still a star. Even if you don't have a movie out when you're TV star, unless you're on tv, you're not a star. And that's just the way the business treats you. So I think people go through a lot of personal trauma sometimes after a show has gone off the air, divorces, investments maybe didn't go right, et cetera, et cetera.


And it causes people to look back on things with kind of a jaded look. And it was like, man, we had fun. We did even the pictures I I I picked out for the book You know I wanted to show pictures of us chilling You know I wanted to show me Reggie and, and Darius You know chilling in Paris when we shot two episodes in Paris, we're the only black show to ever shoot in Europe. That was a big deal. You know we had this, I'll never forget we had this giant $12,000 meal at the top of the Eiffel Tower as a, who paid as a cast. Okay. Oh, I'm glad you asked. My mom took that bill and handed to production 'cause she had the clout to do that. But Joe Re's there, Reggie's there. Well, we was balling at the top. But again, you balling So You know, it's almost kind of like when you hear Scottie Pitman talking about the Bulls now it's like, Scotty, you can't say nothing nice about the Bulls.


Have you? You was rock stars dog. You, you and Mike didn't kick it at all. Right? Are you sure that's how you Remember it? Have you recently talked to any of the cats? 'cause I know Joe Marie Peyton, like she had come out and said that you guys had a little whatever that situation Was Why y wanted to fight each other. Yeah. Like, can you Jesus, first of all, clarify that story because that's just a wild No. That's just, there's nothing to clarify. I'm talking about a coworker of over 30 years ago, And I was a minor. You don't think if there was any validity to that, it wouldn't have come out sooner. Sooner? I'm like, how so? Not a hundred percent nothing happened. I mean, where Did thousand percent No. Like I'm, but I'm not, I'm not getting in back and forth. I'm sorry. I'm just doing too good to, I get what you're saying. Getting it back and forth. You know with a woman who's over 70 and I've been kind of like mentally ingrained to not fight with my elders.


Like, all right, if that's the way you saw it, cool. It is what it is. Well, She recently said though, on the stage, I think I forget where they were at, but the, the cast was there and you weren't there. And, and she said that like, You know, she wished that you were there, and if you were there, she would hug you. And she kind of You know that whole thing. So have y'all talked or is there, why Does, why does what she have to say hold so much more validity than what my other cast members have to say? I'm just curious. I think, oh, I think that the age thing does play a factor. 70 old black woman. Yeah. What you say You know what I mean? I think that definitely plays a factor as well. But I think she's one of the first people that alleged like the bad stuff to that I saw come out and be like, man, we should just hug it out. I wanted And I. It made me wonder, like, have y'all talked? Like, what changed? So the people that I talked to regularly is Kelly and Darius.


And again, don, don't call them Laura Netty. So I You know, I, I called Kelly about this book, You know, and we spoke extensively and You know Kelly called me two weeks ago. But it's weird for us, by the way, also when we go out and eat or anything like that, You know, we like little back rooms and stuff. Like Freak out. Exactly. I Saw y all sitting down, people saw together. If people saw me and Kelly just, oh my God, at Crustaceans in Beverly Hills and whatever, it tends to turn into a big, Hey, can I get a selfie fest? Right? So You know like, damn, Merkle won. You really gotta, you gotta So You know, we, we, we keep it private. I have a very good relationship with all the cast members who've ever wanted a relationship with me beyond the show. And don don't have anything negative to say about Reggie. When people ask me who was your favorite scene partner?


I'm like, the chemistry I had with Reginald Vel Johnson. I remember the episode where it clicked for us. It's called Boxcar Blues, where we were stuck in a train together with all these cows. And Steve was just getting on his nerves and You know Reggie just couldn't look at me without breaking up, without You know, without breaking character. And we just, we developed this amazing chemistry. But adults are adults and they're going through adult things too. And also, I'm a kid, so You know what? I'll tell you one way, maybe I could have been annoying. I dribble my basketball everywhere, everywhere if I was in school and Gillette, we need you on set. Boom, boom, boom. Basketball, basketball, basketball. Well, adults get annoyed when a kid is just dribbling and bouncing the ball all over the place. Is that difficult? How old you, you talking about 13, 14 years old.


Yeah, that's What I'm saying. I I would feel like adults would have a little bit more grace Standing. I'm, I'm approaching it from a very self oppressive, they got kids, right? A self-aware You know standpoint. Yeah. So I'm like, okay, yeah, no, that's And I. Remember Joyce Webb, one of our script supervisor be like, oh, Harry comes with a basketball. Of course. It's like, okay, You know. I'm like, but if that's, if that translates 25 years later to being difficult, I'll take it. All right. We got more with Jule White when we come back. It's The Breakfast Club. Good morning. Good Morning. Morning everybody. It's DJ NV Jess. Hilarious. Charlemagne the guy. We are The Breakfast. Club Lord la Rosa. Filling in for Jess. We're still kicking it with JAL White, AKA Steve Urkel. Now let's talk about your first kiss. Let's talk about your first kiss because nowadays everybody be getting arrested.


And nowadays, if that was


so the holidays are just around the corner. And if you anything like me, that means you'll be hosting all your family and friends, whether it's making holiday cookies or getting your space ready for guests. The Home Depot has furniture, decor, and kitchen essentials at 40% off like the KitchenAid Artisan sir stand mixer. Not only does it look sharp on your kitchen counter, but it also got 10 speeds. A tilt back head for easy ingredient mixing. And a five quart bowl that can whip up. Ready for this nine dozen cookies in one go. Enough for your entire family, friends, neighbors. Oh, and the big guy too. The KitchenAid Artisan Series Stand mixer comes with dough hooks, a wire whip, and a flat beater. So it can do a lot of really cool things. The holidays are happening at Home Depot, which means right now you can save up to 40% off select furniture, decor, and kitchen essentials. So go to Home depot.com to shop now.


Amazon's Black Friday week starts November 21st with new deals added every day. Save on home goods to deck their halls toys to stuff their socket and fashion like slipper to missile their toes, shop Break deals on Amazon.


Hey guys, I'm Kate Maxx. You might know me from my popular online series, the Running Interview Show where I run with celebrities, athletes, entrepreneurs, and more After those runs, the conversations keep going. That's what my podcast Post Run High is all about. It's a chance to sit down with my guests and dive even deeper into their stories, their journeys, and the thoughts that arise once we've hit the pavement together. You know that rush of endorphins you feel after a great workout. Well that's when the real magic happens. So if you love hearing real inspiring stories from the people You know, follow and admire Join me every week for post run High. It's where we take the conversation beyond the run and get into the heart of it all. It's lighthearted pretty crazy and very fun. Listen to post Run High on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts.


Hey Bo Hey Matt. Can you believe we have a whole bunch of wicked episodes coming up? Oh, I can't wait to share all of these amazing episodes with the readers Katie's publicist and finalists. That's right. We're talking all things behind bringing this iconic musical to the big screen. And of course, we're taking you inside The World of this epic movie with all the exclusive details you won't hear anywhere else. It's Wicked in a way you've never heard before. Don't miss it. And be sure to go watch Wicked in theaters starting November 22nd. Listen To Lost Culture East on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts.


Hey, what's up? This is Ramsey's Job. And. I. Go by the name Q Ward. And we'd like you to join us each week for our show. Civic Cipher. That's right. We're gonna discuss social issues, especially those that affect black and brown people, but in a way that informs and empowers all people to hopefully create better allies. Think Of it as a black show for non-black people. We discuss everything from prejudice to politics to police violence. And we try to give you the tools to create positive change in your home, workplace and social circle. Exactly whether you're black, Asian, white, Latinx, indigenous, lgbtqia plus, you name it. If you stand with us, then we stand with you. Let's discuss the stories and conduct the interviews that will help us create a more empathetic, accountable and equitable America. You are all our brothers and sisters and we're inviting you to join us for civic cipher each and every Saturday with myself, Ramsey's Jaw Q Ward, and some of the greatest minds in America. Listen to Civic cipher every Saturday on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcast or wherever you get your podcast.


No, it wouldn't 'cause he is a guy. Oh, they only they don't do that to Guy. Exactly. So, so break down your first kiss. 13 years old on set. He's a, he's ahead of me on this one. Nah, we had his, we had a scene man where You know Steve and Eddie get hot at the dice table and they're rolling the dice and this woman is supposed to gimme a kiss, just plant one on me before my last dice roll and during rehearsals all week. She had just pretty much given me a peck. It was just a peck. Yeah, because you, you just go through the motions. But with that hot live studio audience there, man, she just, yo she gave me the whole shebang. And so when I pulled back and this was your first time kissing you look. Yeah, I had never kissed a girl before. Everyone said, how did You know what to do? No, I didn't. I wasn't, first of all, I wasn't even planning for that. I know you're supposed to put your lips together, but I didn't know that anything else was really supposed to happen to that day.


I wasn't, I wasn't seasoned. Got it. Was. And so she does it. And my whole, my thinking at the time was do not break character. Do not ruin a good take You know that's what you just kind of taught as a, as a comedic actor and, and as a kid. And so when I went to my dressing room, I just kind of involuntarily tears started coming down my face. 'cause I was just like, that was weird. And then my dad corners me and he is like, what's wrong? Executive producer comes back like, what's wrong? And I was just like, You know. Like she put her tongue in my mouth. Like I I've I'm surprised your mother didn't whoop as You know. It's so funny everybody says that, but it was like my father was present and was dealing with the issue. So there was no reason to inject. And once it was revealed, what happened?


They all started laughing. Let's start the men two Movement by dad. My dad's left. One is my name, my dad's left. No, do not find this woman. Do not troll this woman at all. No, I'm serious because it's like, that's one of the things that I'm very protective of is we have to embrace what double standards were leave them in the past. But it's okay. Like I can laugh at it. I'm saying like, from the time that it happened to my dad and the executive producer coming in to me, walking back out on stage to do now the next scenes, even the hot, the crew high five, she put it on you young fella. You hung in there, you did your thing thing. And it was like, it was very clear to me all the signals that I was getting was that might have been yucky the way it went down.


But apparently I'm going to get a lot more of that. So my machismo says, yeah, okay. All right. Go with the flow. Well What about the trauma you went through? Because it was immediately after that scene they told you that you can't wear pants anymore. Oh, You know what? See I, I see how you doing. See how you'll be here. All we tip your waitresses on the way out. Ladies and gentlemen, I know in the book you talk about the meeting that you had with the exec about the remake or the spinoff reboot Rebo the reboot, your version that you wanted to happen. Yeah. In my opinion was way better. don don't know if you wanna say it. You want people to read the book but ah, thank you was way better than what they had pitched to you. Thank you. Will we ever get that? And can you, could you do that on your own? Listen, first of all, you can't do it on your own. You know, that's the thing about television that people have to respect.


It's the only art form I feel that still has gatekeeping still very much in place. And you can either be bitter about it or you can fight the good fight and look for the person that's gonna be your champion. That's just, it is what it is. I was never offered a reboot. I always wanna make that very clear. And even my vision for the show that I have, it's not about me, it's about three dimensional characters that would actually resonate and translate in 2024. Because I worked for the producers who coined the phrase Jump the shark. Ponzi jumped the shark, he jumped over a shark, right? Yeah. Those are my producers, the exact same producers. So you're not going to invite me to jump the shark again? I was offered a blind contract and half my pay of what I got for the last episode.


And there was no consideration given to the adults that actually have such a large opinion over what terms they would return to. I'm like, the way they were being discussed was, well, You know Harod and Carl will come by and they'll visit the new family every now and then. It like, Hollywood doesn't really, they engage talent when they need talent. They pay talent when they need talent. And, and this isn't even a black thing. don don't want this to turn into a a a black thing. I'll hear guys like Chris Pine or whatever who's You know. He's like, don don't know what they're gonna do next with Star Trek. Like I love playing the character, but when they call me, they call me. So I love the opportunity to make the show that, that I envisioned, that was never turned down. It was never pitched. I was just offered a blind contract and around that they were going to develop the reboot.


Now you never there I was watching the interview. You did? And you said you never got invited to none of the Hollywood Parties. Nah, nah. I mean I did. I went to a lot of nice parties, but none of none of the, like the stuff that started gaining a lot of steam on on on social media like You know the Roc Nation brunch or, or obviously You know you talking about my man You know the Diddy parties or whatever. Like, nah, nothing organically. Nah. Did you Laugh say Reginald Johnson used to get invited. Stop. Gotta calm down. You gotta, you gotta Winslow and di did Rumors. Listen, you gotta calm down. You, you just ever seen him around. We just, we gonna slow it down for a second. You know what I'm saying? Because sometimes you can just be driving too fast's. True. That's true. So you're not paying attention to the to to the That's true. You know.


That's true. Talking too fast to the speed limits to speed. Exactly. We in a 35 zone right now. Now what happened To Judy? Man, how Judy just walked upstairs. And I talked about it in book. I know, I know. There were a multitude of factors that went into her departure from the show that I blame all on her mother. But as a performer, they weren't giving her storylines. She wasn't the best at delivering a joke. You know, sometimes they would give her material and it would just fall flat. And if you fall flat and run throughs, they gonna rewrite you and You know we're kids back then. So You know kids. That's the thing, you can't roast each other nowadays. At least not in public. But trust me, kids are still roasting each other. That's never going to go away. Right. So You know we'd be sitting in the background and like, and she blows the lay up You know. It was just like You know and she You know and it's just like You know.


You can only mess up so much before and be arrogant about it in the fur coat and the Mercedes too before somebody says enough of this You know. And in this situation I really felt like You know Jamie was born to a mother who put herself before her daughter and she had ideas of grandeur that weren't necessarily very realistic. And it sucks for Jamie that she has to wear that scarlet letter for the rest of her life. And And I hope that Jamie finds peace outside of show business. To be quite honest, You know this show business can start to make you think that this is the only way to make money. This is the only way to live. Like if it didn't, I talk about that with Jonathan Brandis because I, he passed away and he took his life. And I just, I was very close to him at that particular time. And I saw signs of someone that was really putting too much emphasis on what this business meant to his existence on earth.


Don don't have time for one more. Yeah. Jump In. Myra, Michelle Thomas. Yes. Every time. You Be careful now. That's my girl. I know. I was gonna say every time you talk about her it's very emotional for you. And it like I feel that that's your girl, right? Yeah. Or was I wanna know off, off camera when you guys developed your relationship that we then saw on camera 'cause it was so believable. What was that off camera relationship like and like building that for the characters on camera? Like how did you guys, 'cause you were so young. Yeah. Nah, just You know. Michelle started off playing Malcolm Jamal Warner's girlfriend on the, on the Cosby Show. So she was always older than me. So even though she was so small and bubbly and You know big, but she was, she, I looked at her like a little sister. I'm like a big sister. Yeah. We just had this amazing chemistry.


My mama loved her too. So that always that that made things easy and she just made it her business to always wanna, always wanna hook me up with somebody. And she introduced me to Martha's Vineyard, You know spending summers there and we just had an amazing chemistry. She was just, and she was just down like everybody knew Michelle. Everybody knew Michelle in the music business. Everybody music just everywhere we went, people loved Michelle. Yeah. And unfortunately she passed away to stomach cancer and that was just a very emotional time because we just knew what she was going through as an actress. Yeah. So during the time when she went out, I just, I wish that there had been some better opportunities for her You. know what I'm saying? Like, oh, you want people To buy the book growing up Urkel, but You know. It is, it is interesting to see how much of the love y'all created off Camera.


Yeah, no, it was, it was real love man. Like You know. I I get it. Yes. It was bumpy in the beginning, especially with the adults and, and and the parents. With some of the kids kids. But that's my puberty. You know Darius is out here Wildling at times. You know. He And I. We slide each other's dms, but that's my brother. I mean, we've all had You know brothers or whatever, frat brothers or or college friends that You know bugging out or whatnot. But you don't abandon that cat. You still taking his call and y'all just laugh it off. And that's what my relationship is with, with Kelly and Darius. It's very brotherly. And Sister Lee and You know I'll always defend our entire cast actually for the work that we did. That's what it is. Well, JAL white ladies and gentlemen growing up, it's a pleasure. My brother is out right now. Make you pick it up.


B The Breakfast Club out now. Good morning. Morning everybody. It's Steve. JNV, just hilarious. Charlamagne the guy. We are The Breakfast. Club. Let's get to Jess with the mess with Lauren. LaRosa music is real. Jessica Robin Moore just don't do no lying. She don't spare nobody worldwide. Jess worldwide mess on The. Breakfast Club. She's the coaches. Who? Lauren. Lauren LaRosa. I back And. I got the mess. Talk to me Alrightyy also yesterday and yeah, yesterday it was circulating really big NBA young boys. So there were updates in his case. So what was posted online and with a lot of outlets reported was that NBA young boy's case was closed in Utah or is closed in Utah.


That he will only have to serve 27 months in jail and the 60 months of probation. You said only No, listen, listen. Oh. And will not be allowed to have any drugs or alcohol. Now a lot of these outlets that reported it kind of put all he's, he's facing two different things, right? Because he has his fed case and then he had the, the prescription drug ring case in Utah. And I. Think what happened is a lot of the outlets begin to conflict information, put everything together. So I wanted to come here and clear it up. So yesterday the 18th, one of his cases were closed, was closed. That's the case in Utah where he got in trouble because people were going to the drugstore and picking up the prescription drugs and like under different names and stuff like that.


So they said he was running a drug ring. So he had to plead guilty for his in, in his involvement in that. But That's crazy. They called it a drug ring. He was just using a drug for himself. I'm, I'm assuming there Was, there was random people going and picking up drugs, prescription drugs, go ahead and using different names and Yeah, it was a lot. And using his car, it was a lot going on. Gotcha. So he did have to plead guilty to that. He plead guilty. He pled guilty to two counts of, he pled guilty to two counts with your third degree felonies and six counts of misdemeanors including unlawful pharmacy conduct. But those felonies were actually lowered to misdemeanors. So this was all lower. He was able to actually just pay a $25,000 fine.


Which he wrote the check right then and there. So then everything was tossed out. Now it was being reported that he would have to serve probation for that. The, the drug ring stuff that is not what is is happening. Okay. He will not have to serve probation for that. So That's done. That's done. However, he's still in custody right now because he does have to deal with the federal case that he had on hold. And he goes to court for that on December 19th. And this is a case where he's facing a 27 months in jail that has to do with like the, the the, the gun charges and stuff. He's facing 27 months in jail and the probation that I just mentioned. Oh, I Thought he got sentenced already. He didn't get sentenced. That's what I'm saying. People keep putting it all together. I'm trying to make the distinction because he didn't get 20 cases, two different cases. He hasn't, he hasn't been, he hasn't even going to court for that 27 months. Oh. Happens December 19th.


Okay. So December 19th is a really big day for NBA young boy because he'll go to court for the 27 months for the federal case. Now if you have been watching this and paying attention, what I predict will happen is that they're gonna give him probably time served. He, I was gonna say, how long has he been in there? He's probably gonna get the time served for 27 months. So anybody You know what I mean? That is watching this, you would feel like it's looking good for NBA. So he should be coming home potentially clear from a lot of this stuff. But I just wanted to clarify that in the reporting of this, because I saw yesterday that people were putting all, both the stories together like Charlotte just did. Now up next, Dirk, this is my last little court thing for this hour. So you guys know that Dirk is going through it right now in LA over the murder for hire charges. Dirk recently pled not guilty in a court as well and he was denied bail.


He was denied bail because they basically said remember he was booked. They, they said that he was booking all those fights. Right. They didn't know what was about to happen, where he was going. When they called him and locked him up, they think he's a flight risk. So they denied him bail. But there is another court coming court case coming up for Dirk. And from everything that I know and just from You know having conversations, he will be still asking for bail and still not, still pleading, not guilty. So just some updates there real quick. All Those young men who have the opportunity to do such amazing things with their lives, how do they end up in these situations Man, right from NBA young boy to little Dirk. The biggest too Dirk is Dirk. NBA young boy is one of that I'm right You know what I mean? Streaming numbers wise he go crazy.


I don't know. I think a lot, not a lot of it. I think some of it is personal decision. I think some of it is the people you keep around you. Well all of it is personal decision. I don't, I mean, I don't know You know all all of these are just accusations. So don don't know what You know what choices they have made. Right. But it seems like they haven't been making the right ones. Yeah, that's, that's a big part of it. And. I. I definitely think it's especially It's sad too, man. So sad. And NBA young boys like I I was like, what the heck? 'cause you, y'all go, he go to Utah, like remember him coming home and even being able to go to Utah was such a big thing. Right. 'cause he was supposed to be sitting in, in jail, goes to Utah to stay out of trouble and then you get in trouble in Utah. Right. Well I You know another thing too. I think a lot of these, well at least in the case of somebody like an NBA young boy seems like he has a substance abuse problem that he isn't necessarily getting the right help for.


Yeah. So Yeah, that's what I was asking. I was like, 'cause it wasn't a drug ring, he probably needed those drugs. So it it feels like he needs help. Yeah. But for that case. But the thing is though, with the NBA young boy thing, it's like, it's not like he was just going and getting these drugs and like using 'em the wrong way and abusing 'em the wrong way. They literally were having like, there was like Kate, like there was identity things happening. Like people were, it, it wasn't just him gonna get some drugs and, and doing it the wrong way. It was a lot to it. Okay. Not to go back into all of it and break it down again. But there was a lot to it. There were different people in involved in all that stuff. Could You put that picture of that crackdown please? Speaking of drugs, could you put that down? Why do, why is that sitting up there, speaking of drugs, what does drugs have to do? You told me to keep Mike Tyson has a picture of Mike Tyson's ass just sitting in here facing Charlamagne. You had told me, you had told me to keep this up, that you You know don Don't like how y'all objectified men when they're in situations like that.


That was a woman. You wouldn't know That Mr. Sniff the seat. You don't like how we what That was 12 years ago. Oh, okay. You're 33 now. Yeah, Grow up. I'm just it still? Yeah. Okay. You don't like how And learn from my mistakes. Okay. Learn from my mistakes. I'm Why are you objectifying this man? How am I objective? I am just You know. When them nude leak from Delaware. I don't say nothing Baby. If they leak, I mean Oh, so they out there Chin said it was out. How would you feel if somebody was just hanging them up in the studio while they were doing their morning show? Great Taste. Mm. Envy. You got something to say? I'm minding my business. Thank you. Thank you. I'm Moving because Yeah, thank you. I'm more walking Outta this. Yeah. Thank You. Are you finished? Are you done?


I'm done. That was, are you finished? Are you done? Are No, you not finished until you put that picture down. Is is bothering you like that? Yes. You the one who had the eye on the butt. I couldn't even find it this morning because It was right there. My eye. No, it was laid down. Whenever I look at you, it just sitting There. It was laid down and we couldn't even find it. You knew exactly where it was. It was like you had like a GT on the App laid me down and you couldn't even find it. This is to go get it for you. This, this is Crazy. I was trying to get to one more story and then here you go. Exactly. You always find the booty. Thank you Justin. Access LA city crime. When the ass is laid down, then nobody can find it. And you went to go get it. You Lauren, what is wrong with y'all? Who you giving your donkey to man? Nothing to do with. What he talking About fall after the hour. Four after the hour grow up. Speaking of asses. Oh, oh boy.


Dr. David Dne. What? Say that again. Dr. David Dne. Drop That one more time. Dr. David d But but is he? He's a doctor in Gotham City. Okay. And he needs to come to the front of the congregation. We would like to have a world with him. Actually. He's a doctor from Arkansas. This man is sick. We'll discuss. Alright, we'll get to that next. It's The. Breakfast Club. Good morning. Say the gang utter shape. You are a donkey. It's time for donkey today. Donkey today does not discriminate. I might not have the song today, but I got the donkey today. So you ever feel I need to be a donkey man With the heat it's The Breakfast. Club bitches.


Who's donkey today? Today? Well at Sharon Donkey today for Tuesday, November 19th goes to Dr. David Dne. He's a doctor in northeast Arkansas. An actual real physician who has been suspended by the Arkansas State Medical Board. Yes, there was an investigation launched after a complaint sent to the medical board. Alright. Some complainant sent to the medical board videos of Dr. Dne walking around his blytheville practice in the nude. Let's go to K eight News for the report please. According To board documents, this video was taken in 2019 at DNE Family Practice in Blytheville. In it, Dr. David Dne can be seen walking around naked, including in the hallway between patient rooms.


Another video clip sent in, shows him in the receptionist area, walking around three women and performing a sex act directly in front of one of the women. The clip ends with him ejaculating on her. Not only did the woman work in Dina's office as a lab tech for another company, she was one of his patients. They also claimed DNE used his position of power, sexual grooming, salary increases to groom employees and patients into repulsive acts. An investigator with the Arkansas Department of Health interview Dr. dne in September. According to the report from that interview, Dr. Dne was informed. There were video clips of his actions.


Dr. Dne said quote, I don't know anything about that at all. I'd have to see those things to have any idea what you're talking about. There's Tapes. You know I have had the pleasure of interviewing a lot of people, having conversations with a lot of people, getting gain from a lot of people in the late great Larry King drop on the clues, bombs for Larry King and he rest in peace. He gave me some great advice once he said And I quote Charlamagne. The most important question you can always ask is why. I know back in the 19 hundreds and nineties Bud Dry draft slogan was why ask why, but why is always a relevant question. And that's the question I'm asking right now of Dr. David dne.


Why if you spend all his time going to medical school, busting your ass to get that doctor in front of your name, you have your own practice, you do all of that just to throw it all away because you want to have your personal freak off in your facility. And why does his last name sound like something sexual? Dr. Diffe Diffe sounds like the foreplay that happens right before you get Diddy. Okay? Now there are video clips showing this man walking around the receptionist office naked in front of three women. Okay? He performed a sexual act directly on one of the women. And the clip ends with him ejaculating on her. It is work really that hard to find. Okay? What I don't understand is they said some of these women worked for him, but also were his patience.


Why? I don't understand people who have the money, the power. And instead of using these things for good, they decide even though God has blessed me with all I have ever worked for, I'm going to get in this position of power and abuse. The power by taking advantage of people. Dr. Dnet is being accused of sexual grooming. Salary increases the groom employees and patience. Okay? Forcing them to do repulsive sexual acts. Why and why at the office? Why are you walking around butt naked in your facility? I'm telling you, this is why people need to really just embrace their shadow sides. But do it where shadow sides can be embraced. If you're like walking around butt naked, there is nudist colonies for that.


If you want to You know ejaculate on women and do repulsive sex acts, I'm sure there is a brothel in Nevada that would love to have your business. Okay? Some people are just meant to be super villains and Dr. dne is one of those people send on the arc of asylum, okay? He'll fit right in the ridler, the hangman, the penguin, the dne. This man is literally claiming he doesn't know anything about any of these things he's being accused of. He said he would have to see those things to have any idea what is being talked about. Well roll the tapes. They have video evidence of the actions. Dr. Dani, this isn't even the first time he's been accused of this.


The board got these complaints before and they did nothing. Do we have more of that? Earlier this year, someone complained about what DNE calls his naturist activities. In the January complaint, the board was informed that DNE was posting nude photos of himself on his social media accounts. The complainant included screenshots from Dine a's Instagram account naked. Dr. Dave, come on in his response to the board, DNE said he is aist and his accounts were well known to the NAS community. He added that there was quote, no crossover whatsoever with my professionalism while practicing medicine and my naturist activities end quote, during its June meeting, the board chose not to take any action and decided to save the documentation as information only and add it to his file for future reference.


Dr. Dune said the practice of NA being a naturist is promoting acceptance and body positivity. He said, we do not shame, sexualize, fear, or negatively stigmatize the naked body. Sure, but you're missing the point. Okay? You are a doctor, you have a practice. So when DNE says And I, quote, there was no crossover whatsoever with my professionalism while practicing medicine. And my nature is activities. Well, that's just not true because I personally watched the video with you walking through your facility during business hours, butt ass naked with nothing but a hat on. There's nothing else to see here, folks. Please give Dr. David dne the sweet sounds of the Hamiltons You of the day.


You the doggie of the day. Heehaw, did you answer this question? What was on the hat? I couldn't tell. I didn't wanna zoom in, but I couldn't tell if it was like an Arkansas Razorbacks hat or a, I'm just concerned. I'm type Why beer Hat? Like if you're naked, Like what? Naked hat on you Already? No dump like wide a Hat at his facility during business hours and all his employees just sitting there You know regular clothes on, dressed like this is just a normal day at the office. Yeah. Nope. Okay. I just, I'm just not that horny. All right? No. All right. Well thank you for that donkey of the day.


Yes indeed. Now let's open up the phone lines (800) 585-1051. All right. Question is, what are you doing if you see your friend's partner cheating on them? So where Does this Come from? I'm gonna tell you in a second. So Lauren, if you seen your homegirl's man cheating, would you tell her? Yes I would. Even if she's the type of person that you told them that this dude was no good, you still gonna tell her? Mm. It depend on what level of stupid she at. Mm. Like there's different levels like You know when you like the levels of stupidity your homegirl is at. So if she's at the, like, it's no point. I'm minding my business. She ain't going nowhere. He just gonna be mad at me. Then I'm in the middle minding my business. Charla Man, what Happened though? You, if, if your man, if your man, you be walk out and you see a man's girl cheating on him, are you gonna tell him If I see my man's girl girl Cheating on him, cheating on Him?


Oh, absolutely. He Said that so fast. See Something, say something Charlotte. Absolutely. What? What? You making a phone call? Dare you taking your pictures. How you doing it? I'm Right then and there. I'm gonna walk up on him. What you Gonna say? I'm walk up on him with him on the phone. FaceTime. FaceTime. What? Hello Lauren. How are you? Hey, look who I got on the phone. This guy over here. Boom. Absolutely. I'm Telling now this conversation comes from Saucy Santana. This is what Saucy Santana said If young, she on you all the time. And like you don't call him multiple times. We done all call him. We all know your, we all know shit on him. And we know that you not leaving your and I'm out the door. And. I. See your cheating on you.


I'm not finna come and tell you. I feel like now I'm starting to be that very bad news girl. You know You know. You know. She knock a dog and You know you not leaving him. So I'm fixing to come back and tell you, oh girl, I seen him outside. That ain't And. I seen him in the car backing like You know. All right girl, for you to go back, put me in it, be fake mad at me, period. You still stand with your Now I can't come over but than 'cause I done read by mother mouth. Girl, no, what you don't know won't hurt you. You all right? I'm gonna just encourage you to go somebody else. Thank you. Okay. I disagree. I'm telling on these hos 800. And the reason I'm telling on these horse is 'cause these hos have been telling on men, even though black men don't cheat, these black Women don't Cheat. These hos have been telling on these men for a long time.


I am telling. All right, well let's Get phone lines petty. Now you five eight five one oh five one. Let's discuss. It's The Breakfast Club. Good morning, The. Breakfast Club daddy calling man. It's topic time. Call 805 8 5 1 0 5 1 to join into the discussion with The Breakfast Club. Morning everybody. It's DJ Envy, just hilarious. Charlemagne, the guy. We are The, Breakfast, Club. Laura la Rosa filling in for Jess. If you just joining us 805 8 5 1 0 5 1. We're asking if you see your friend's man or your friend's girl cheating on her or cheating on him, would you tell him you are saying yes?


Yes, to a certain extent. Okay. What's that extent She gotta hit that. Once my sis hit that threshold of like, you so stupid, there's nothing I can do. Ain't no coming back. I'm out of it. Okay? But he also talked about not being able to go over the house. At this point I'm probably not allowed at your house anyway because your man hates me. Right? Because you, when you, when you upset, you calling me to go outside and he's upset about that. 'cause he know I'm the one that told on him. Yeah, it, it depends how close I am with the person. If I'm real close, that's my bro, then I'm gonna have to let him know if, if it's Oh, if I'm not close, I mind my business. But If it's one of those shaky situations where you had conversations before and they just acted like they don't hear you, then I'm not gonna say nothing. My mom, my business and I'm just gonna let it happen because you ain't gonna listen to me anyway.


You gonna call me a hater anyway. I'm just gonna let the tell the cars fall. And then when you cry and I'm just gonna be like I told You know I'm, I'm gonna say I told you so. Yeah, Charla ain't telling. Absolutely. I'm telling on that whore. And the reason I'm telling on that whore Jesus Christ. Because women have been telling on men for years. And also I was born in 1,978. I'm 46 years old, so I'm grown and my friends are grown. So this isn't no boyfriend or girlfriend thing. This is a marriage and you are breaking vows. Vows that you made in front of God. This guy is crazy. Therefore, I being a messenger of God and one of God's greatest public servants, I will do my due diligence and my public service and tell on this now horrible woman who has cheated on her husband, okay?


And broken these amazing vows that this man made. I am absolutely positively telling on her. But you, the Whole police, you sound like you were the guy. You know I been, I've been seeing something, say Something. Now you the Instacart police. 'cause I was just ordering groceries for my cousin and helping my cousin with the groceries. Now you all Instacart and then all up in my police. Like, don't do that. It Depends. Once again, it depends. Like I said, I'm grown so my friends are usually married, right? So the people I'm gonna be telling on are married people. I feel it. Okay. I'm not telling on You know. I know some people who, because it gets to the point of marriage, will definitely not say anything because they're like, that's her husband. She needs to deal with that. Huh? I know people that literally will not. They don't. I Understand what you married because it's married, they're not gonna mind their business. Don't married a boyfriend girlfriend.


They'd rather tell You, if I see my man's wife cheating, I'm going to tell my man immediately. Make sure you go file that divorce. Let them know it's irreconcilable differences. Don't give her nothing. Jesus Christ, You don't get half of nothing. Let's go to the, because she was out here cheating on you king. All right? She knows she got a whole family at home. Who heard you? Hello? Who's this? Yo, What's good? Envy this Dre from Brooklyn. Dre from Brooklyn, Dre. Now you see your, you see your man's girl at at at starlets at the strip club. She with another dude. You telling I ain't gonna hold you. I don't really like to gossip or or stuff like that. Or use word of mouth. don don't want nothing coming back. Oh, you a hater. I so You know what I ain't gonna tell him, but I tell, Damn that's man, your mans though. You could at least get a sneaker little picture.


But listen and send him a pic. Now listen, that's what I'm about to tell you. I'm not gonna be the one to tell 'em the pictures and videos of 4K. That's what's going to tell my mans like I You. know what I'm saying? Same different I don on sweet. Talk about it. I'm gonna show you. So You know it's different things, but You know I ain't gonna be the teller, but the pictures and videos gonna tell him. But Also with you lying, because if you take a video and then you send it to your man, the first thing your man gonna hit you back is what's this exactly? You gonna have to Explain. Explain it. And Now that whole text coming a long text thread. I was at the club last night. This is what I saw. Do I gotta explain it? Or the videos or pictures gonna explain it? You gonna have to explain it. Me. There's a video tag on it. Okay. Thank you brother. Hello. Who's this? A TL.


That's your name. A TLI know that's right, Girl. A TL. That's what we going with. All right. A TL. Now you see, you see your girl's man in the club. He had don don't know what's, what's one of the spots. He had magics or something like that. Cheetah. Oh, he had cheetah. Wherever he at, you tell him. I am not telling if, if we know your man is a serial cheetah, why am I getting involved? You mind in your business, you're not even gonna take a picture.


The holidays are just around the corner. And if you are anything like me, that means you'll be hosting all your family and friends, whether it's making holiday cookies or getting your space ready for guests. The Home Depot has furniture, decor, and kitchen essentials at 40% off like the KitchenAid Artisan sir stand mixer. Not only does it look sharp on your kitchen counter, but it also got 10 speeds. A tilt back head for easy ingredient mixing. And a five quart bowl that can whip up. Ready for this nine dozen cookies in one go. Enough for your entire family, friends, neighbors. Oh, and the big guy too. The KitchenAid Artisan Series stand mixer comes with dough hooks, a wire whip, and a flat beater. So it can do a lot of really cool things. The holidays are happening at Home Depot, which means right now you can save up to 40% off select furniture, decor, and kitchen essentials. So go to Home depot.com to shop Now.


Amazon's holiday deals are here so you can celebrate the season early with low prices on decor, electronics, and beauty. Perfect for stocking stuffers. Woo. And my stock is looking good. Shop holiday deals early on Amazon now.


Hey guys, I'm Kate Maxx. You might know me from my popular online series, the Running Interview Show, where I run with celebrities, athletes, entrepreneurs, and more After those runs, the conversations keep going. That's what my podcast Post Run High is all about. It's a chance to sit down with my guests and dive even deeper into their stories, their journeys, and the thoughts that arise once we've hit the pavement together. You know that rush of endorphins you feel after a great workout. Well, that's when the real magic happens. So if you love hearing real inspiring stories from the people You know, follow and admire Join me every week for post run High. It's where we take the conversation beyond the run and get into the heart of it all. It's lighthearted, pretty crazy and very fun. Listen to post Run High on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts.


Hey Bo. Hey Matt. Can you believe we have a whole bunch of wicked episodes coming up? Oh, I can't wait to share all of these amazing episodes with the readers, Katie's publicist and finalists. That's right. We're talking all things behind bringing this iconic musical to the big screen. And Of course, course we're taking you inside The World of this epic movie with all the exclusive details you won't hear anywhere else. It's Wicked in a way you've never heard before. Don't miss it. And be sure to go watch Wicked in theaters starting November 22nd. Listen To Lost Culture just on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts.


Hey, what's up? This is Ramsey job, And. I. Go by the name Q Ward. And we'd like you to join us each week for our show. Civic Cipher. That's right. We're gonna discuss social issues, especially those that affect black and brown people, but in a way that informs and empowers all people to hopefully create better allies. Think Of it as a black show for non-black people. We discuss everything from prejudice to politics, to police violence, and we try to give you the tools to create positive change in your home, workplace, and social circle. Exactly whether you're black, Asian, white, Latinx, indigenous, lgbtqia plus, you name it. If you stand with us, then we stand with you. Let's discuss the stories and conduct the interviews that will help us create a more empathetic, accountable, and equitable America. You are all our brothers and sisters, and we're inviting you to join us for civic cipher each and every Saturday with myself, Ramsey's Jaw Q Ward, and some of the greatest minds in America. Listen to Civic cipher every Saturday on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcast, or wherever you get your podcast.


Nothing. I'm not, I'm not saying anything. But, but the, the second part to that is why is it that he, she, she can cut me off for not tell him, but she don't cut him off for, for having her affair. Every quarter. Every quarter. We doing This You know, You know don don't like the fact that you not being honest at TL The reason you can't tell your girls is 'cause You know black men don't cheat. Ain't nothing to talk about. Ain't nothing to tell Black men. Don't cheat on. What, when y'all, when y'all say that clarify. Black men don't cheat. What? Oh, okay. You got it. Charlamagne. Get some new ones that drop Where they at? Black Men. Charlamagne. So, so you're going to be bringing the phone over to bust this man every quarter or every one. The woman Every quarter. Every quarter. You gonna do this? Well, I would never have to do that to a man. 'cause black men don't cheat. But to that woman who's out here cheating on her husband, absolutely Jesus.


Black women don't cheat either. We just order the groceries and help our cousins. Hello. I like The word you're giving. Family organization. You're saying black women don't cheat as in with a comma, like black women. Comma, don't cheat. I like that. Lauren. Hello? Who's this? Encourage these horse to not cheat. Hello? Hello? Yeah. What's your name, bro? This is Hakeem outta Houston via Patterson, New Jersey. All right, Patterson to Houston. All right. So now you, you in the club, you area 29. You see your man's girl all over some dude. You telling him Hell yes, of course it quick. I'm calling like, yo, dude, your girl had such and such and I'm taking a picture and sending it to him. That's what I'm talking about. That's What I'm talking about. I might do like Charlamagne and FaceTime like, yo, what's up fool?


I ain't know you was doing it all you that damn. Yeah, That's right. Damn, I'm out there, but I even got one better for you. Okay? My ex, my ex was cheating with another dude was cheating on his wife. I found out, I told him, I said, listen, keep cheating on her. Don't tell her. 'cause if you tell her I'm gonna tell your wife this idiot told it messed up his little five piece. Don, don't get It. First of all, black men don't cheat. I don't even know what you're talking about, sir. What you talking about? What? Even talking about 800 Black men cheating you, you 800, he was clearly Caucasian. Lauren, he sound a little Caucasian. He his friend definitely sounded Caucasian. You don't be paying attention. I don't. 805 8 5 1 0 5 1. Ladies, if you see that your, your girl's man is cheating all you telling them, fellas.


If you see your man's girl cheating, all you telling, that's the question. Let's talk about it. Is The, Breakfast, Club. Good morning. Tell tell us made it. If y'all talking about it, You know we talking about it. It's topic time. Call 805 8 5 1 0 5 1 to join into the discussion with The Breakfast Club. Morning everybody. It's DJ Envy. Jess, hilarious Charlemagne guy. We are The Breakfast, Club, lone LaRosa filling in for Jess. We're asking 805 8 5 1 0 5 1. If you see your friend's, man or girl cheating, are you telling her Now this situation comes from Saucy Santana play with saucy. Santana said if Young she are you all the time.


And like you don't call him multiple times. We all call him. We all know You know. We all know shit on him. And we know that you not leaving your and I'm out the door. And. I, see your cheating on you. I'm not finna come and tell you. I feel like now I'm starting to be that very bad news girl. You know, your know you You know she knock a dog and You know you not leaving him. So I'm Finn to come back and tell you, oh girl, I see him outside. That ain't And. I seen him in the car back like he went nowhere around. Girl for you to go back, put me in it, be fake mad at me, you still stand with your Now I can't come over mother Thanksgiving 'cause I done my mother mouth. Girl. No. What You know won't hurt you. You all right? I'm gonna just encourage you to go somebody else.


Thank you. So let's go to the phone lines. Hello. Who's this? Hey, This is, So talk to us. You see your man's girl cheating you tell course Under no circumstance would I not tell him. I mean, why would I hide that from him that's supposed see my boy? 'cause eventually he's gonna find out and then he's gonna be mad at me if I didn't say nothing. Okay. Oh, so this like the first time she caught cheating, but like, what if it's like you on the sixth time cheating been caught? You calling him, I'm Calling. Not only are we calling him and telling him how stupid he is for still being out here with this little whore. Okay. Jesus. All right. Yes. I'm calling every time airport Is different. I don't Know why I'm calling every time simply because I need him to know how stupid we know he is.


Hello. Who's this Erica Calling from? Where? I'm calling from? Ghana. Oh, Ghana. I Stopped. I I literally stopped. I'm headed to meet the president, but I wanted to call in because the topic is as it is. Every day was so amazing. Alright, Hold on, hold on. You about To meet the president of Ghana? The iHeart Radio app works in Ghana? I Guess so. So I stream from my phone. I've been here for 15 months. Oh, I got you. I they're gonna stream the service. So today is the swearing in ceremony of diaspora United States citizens. And they've only done it three times. Stevie Wonder did it a few months ago, and I'm doing it today. Tell 'em I launched Citizenship, man. It's 1:25 PM in Ghana.


If anybody listen to Charlemagne, tha God wants his citizenship for him and his whole family. I got you. Just in case I got you. I have property in Ghana. I love Ghana. I I live in a crock. I live in acro. I live in the atomic nuclear area, but I have a property somewhere else as well. So look me up on, I own Hillside Solutions. D-N-A-D-O-T testing company on ig. So send me a message or gimme me another number. And I. I promise you. I got you. I got It. I'm gonna tell, I'm gonna tell our producer. Get your info. I was gonna buy. That's fine. I was gonna buy an apartment in Ghana across, I still might actually take, Take Charlotte to Ghana. So that way You know these women who need to help their cousin with the groceries can do it in Peace. All right. So ma'am, let ma'am, so that now answer your question. You, you find y'all Really gotta get connected.


I'm sorry. Y'all really gotta get connected to Ghana because it's so much coming here and it's so much takeover and we're moving here every single day. Oh, I Know. I love Ghana. I wanna come Everything. It, it is everything to me. It is everything I thought it would be Okay. But go ahead. I'm sorry. Go ahead. So, well, first of all, where, where'd you, where'd you come from? What state I came from? I'm originally from Kentucky, but I came from Tampa, Florida. Okay. And. I just got tired of racism. I got tired of the bigotry. I got tired of just us not being able to be put in position. No matter how smart you are, no matter what you own, no matter how much money you have, it will never be enough. Gotcha. So now the question is, you, you out there in Ghana, you see your girl man out there dancing with some next chick.


You telling Dancing is nothing. Cheating? Okay. Cheating, cheating, kissing, hugging, hugging. Cheating is a different, cheating is a different story because I, I'll say this because your character should speak for itself. That he would have enough sense. Anybody that knows me knows that they can't do certain things in front of me because I stand for something. Right. He would tell her himself because the pressure would be applied so heavy. I'm not gonna say anything. I'm gonna just look at him. Mm. So he know, he know that You know now. Yeah, I do. You Know you gotta do. So he gotta React. So, so hopefully Well first I'm gonna have a respectable conversation with him. How would he view that situation if he were me? Right. Put the shoe on the other foot. So give me the exact same gravity of grace that you would expect to be given unto you.


I Ain't know that. Okay. I'm telling I'm with you. Thank you mama. Hold on. We gonna put you on hold, okay? Alright. Y'all have a Great day. Hold. Y'all gonna put you on hold. Eddie can get your info. Eddie get her info please. Oh, Okay. So she says she would have a righteous conversation with him, Right? Or she would just look at him and be like, You know what I'm about to do. So you better do it beforehand. I ain't extending that grace. So what's the moral of the story Guys? The moral of the story is, man, if you a man and you see your man's wife or your man's girl out there cheating, tell on her, tell on her a little broke ass. Okay? How dare she out here cheating on this man that's taking care of her. Okay, I know how my man's is holding you down and you out here sharing that broke ass box. Okay? Your little boot, little broke booty broke. Broke booty. Okay? Yo, you into your booties this morning.


Booty. You little broke booty. I'm telling on you. All right, by the way guys, we gotta start doing that to women man. Start calling women bros. Okay? Right. When women is in the club and they like, yo, I'm here with my girl and my other two girls, we all want to drink. Be like, damn, four ies Jesus Christ. Start shaming these women for night Being broke. See, but they don't only work for certain women. 'cause you call certain, like my friends, you call 'em ies. They probably gonna order some bottles for you. Like they don't, don't play with us. But, But, but that's good. They not ies. We not, but I'm saying that's, they might not be whores either. And you calling them whos why? No. Whores is just a figure of speech. Oh, Figure That's a heck of a figure of speech, bro. Is literal. Okay. Jesus, you broke. I know you broke and it's fine. All right.


Because she need a drink at the bar. No, I know. Because she wants not need, I want men to start doing to women, which has been done to us for years. You remember No scrubs? We do. Yes. Okay. So let's start calling women, bro. And let's start telling on these women that's out here cheating on they husbands and they boyfriends. You are on one today. Yeah. Okay. You, You, I mean your wife is amazing. Why are you so upset? This Ain't got nothing to do with me and my wife. But where does this anger come from? We are trying to clean The, World Daddy clean The World. You are, you boot, boot the wall from Broke Horse. The wall broke you one at a point, one at a time. Yo, we got just with the mess coming up. What we Talking about? We do? Speaking of, well, no, not not speaking of 'cause they're not anything related to any of this stuff.


We're talking about Candace Owens win at Beyonce. Miss Tina knows Mama Tina had to jump in. It's a whole thing. Alright, We'll get into that. Next. It's The, Breakfast, Club. Good morning. The. Breakfast Club. She don't spend nobody Worldwide, just worldwide. Best on The. Breakfast Club. She's the coaches. Who? Lauren. Lauren LaRosa back. And, I got the mess. Talk to me. So there have been all of these reports about the different celebrities who have been paid, allegedly, or not paid by the Kamala Harris campaign to speak at different rallies and perform at different rallies. And one of those names that came up was Beyonce.


So Beyonce, you guys remember, spoke at the Houston rally. She was accompanied by Kelly Rowland and they spoke on behalf of Kamala Harris and You know Getting You know Texas excited to vote for Kamala for president, all that good stuff. Now, Candace Owens came out and Candace Owens had You know a few things to say about the fact that she alleged that Beyonce was paid by Kamala to endorse her Articul. Listen For what has always worked for them in the past is no longer interesting to the public. This is an economy where authenticity pays. And Beyonce does not remember what it means to be authentic anymore because she's been playing the role of a queen for so long and she's grown so accustomed to simply visiting the Commonwealth every four years.


She comes out, nobody knows where she's for for, and she comes out and she reminds us all who we should be voting for. Oh yes, please vote for Kamala as a mother. I'm telling you to do this. Like I said, 10 years ago, Beyonce and Jay-Z telling us who to vote for that would've mattered, but it just doesn't anymore. Actually, you're annoying now. Seem like a person. Pretend you care about the Commonwealth, maybe every two years come out, do a podcast, pretend to be a human being. If you wanna start with being authentic, maybe give us some answers about Diddy's parties, First of all. First of all, whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa. We gonna get on Beyonce's internet and do anything. All right. We doing the FBI's in internet. Let's be clear. I think it's Beyonce's, but I mean, hey, to eat his own.


Go ahead. Okay. What you was about to say something? No, I'm listening to what you Gotta Oh, I was just gonna say, I mean, I feel like the second half of that is like, well, what are we even talking about here? Why would she address anything? Has to do with anything about a Diddy, anything. But when she's, That sounds crazy, Right? But when she's, what Candace Owen is saying, and she, I think it's bigger than Beyonce. 'cause she does make it clear that she doesn't dislike Beyonce. She's just more so speaking to the fact of celebrity, not hitting the same when it comes to political things. I Don't believe that either. Well, okay, so that's one point. Now the second thing she talked about was the money. And in her caption, because Ms. Tina knows, did respond to Candace Owens And. I'll read that response in Candace Owens caption, she says, Beyonce is just being a whiny baby, because she should have responded when people reached out to her, her team asking what she paid, because a lot of celebrities like Cardi B responded, Cardi responded directly to Candace.


Of course, Cardi B responds. Doesn't mean Beyonce has to respond to any question that anybody has, right? I agree. I don't believe that Beyonce, I mean, it's not in Beyonce fashion to do that anyway. Right? But I, I do think that there has been conversation about how well does celebrity hit when it comes to politics. Now Charlie, you have something you wanted to say? Oh, no, I, that's a few things, right? Like You know. When you say people like Beyonce aren't authentic, that's an interesting conversation because everybody's authentic isn't the same. Beyonce's authentic is different than everyone else's. In fact, celebrities like Beyonce have to do things to make themselves seem regular. And guess what? That's not authentic. Yeah. She has to be authentically her. We don't live her life. We don't know what it is to, to be, to be Beyonce.


That's a, her authentic is different is all I'm saying. Like I was, I was telling Lauren behind the scenes, I, I did see a lot of people say, well, where has Beyonce been the last four years to come out and, and, and say that she's endorsing Kamala or why we should and You know vote for Kamala, where it seems like people like Tamika Mallory that's on the ground, and that's been doing a long time. They should You know, see reference from those individuals. But if Beyonce wants to come out and says, Hey, I'm a mother and this is how I'm feeling and this is why I'm voting for this person. You don't have to follow what a celebrity says. If a cel, if a celebrity says, jump off a bridge, you don't have to jump off a bridge. You decide what you want to do. Beyonce, she didn't decide what She wants To do. Beyonce, Beyonce's been around the, the, the, the Cowboy Carter, not Cowboy Carter, what was the album before that? Renaissance, Renaissance album. She did a, like, that album itself was in stance of lgbtq plus rights.


And she talked about her uncle Johnny, and she remember she went and did the show in Dubai and she wasn't supposed to. People were like, oh my God, why is she there? But she, her dad came out and said it was because she was taking the sin. She does things in her own way. I honestly don't wanna see Beyonce certain places. It's not, it wouldn't even be safe for her. Number one, we have to understand that there's levels to the fight. But Candace Owens is Welcome to her opinion, whatever. But Ms. Tina knows came out and she said, so this has been flagged. She's talking about Candace Owens video that she posted from the show that we just listened to. This has been flagged on Instagram as fake news and taken down. It's called false information. Sadly, other platforms with the lack of integrity still have it up. The lie is that Beyonce was paid $10 million to speak at a rally in Houston for Vice President Kamala Harris, when in fact Beyonce did not receive a penny for speaking at a presidential candidate at the presidential candidate.


The rally in Houston. In fact, she paid for her own flights, her own team and her total glam. They're not only lying and disrespecting Beyonce's name, but they're trying to further discredit the power of our vice president. When does the lies in the rumor stop? Of course she won't see this in the news. So Ms. Tina said, You know what I'm gonna come through and clear the room for my baby, as she always does. And, and You know even with the celebrity conversation, I think, I think all of those people have influence. We know they clearly have influence, a hundred percent, right? But I don't think people are necessarily making decisions based off celebrities. I think what celebrities do is bring awareness and also, let's understand celebrity has changed, right? Because folks, we have all these conversations about You know where Donald Trump decided to go.


Donald Trump went to the Y Vaughn, he went to Joe Rogan, he went to Andrew Sto and, and the and and the homies at Flagrant, he went to Aidan Ross. Those guys are celebrities now, y'all, yes. Okay. Absolutely. So celebrity has just changed. When Kamala goes to Shannon, sharper, Alex Cooper, those people are celebrities. Yeah. Celebrity has just changed. So I think that You know there is always a level of influence, right? And when it, when it comes to celebrity, but more importantly, I just think they, they, they bring awareness to whatever, whatever it is these campaigns are doing. Alright, I agree. ETT is just with the mess with Lauren LaRosa. Now let's get to the people's choice mix. 805 8 5 1 0 5 1 is The Breakfast Club. Good morning. Morning everybody. It's DJ nv Jess, hilarious Charlamagne guy.


We are The Breakfast Club. Lauren LaRosa, filling in for Jess. Now we got a salute. JAL White for joining us this morning, Man. Make sure you go pick up Jil White's book Growing up, Urkel, if you was born in the 19 hundreds like I was 1,978, you're gonna thoroughly enjoy this book. If you looked forward to TGIF on Friday's, family Matters and Perfect Strangers and Full House and all of that good stuff, you will absolutely appreciate growing up Urkel man. Absolutely. And you get to find out what happened to Judy. She went upstairs and never came back. Never came back, never Came back, alright. Never came back. By the way, in this world that likes to make all of these make everything dark, how come ain't nobody made that? Because some stuff we just wanna be happy about Charlamagne Gain.


Find out Reginal Johnson was fat Judy. No, no. Judy is Hannibal. We are not doing this because then what You know what you gonna do, Judy With them is real child. All of them real woke people who don't sleep on Sex, we don't care about them. No vote And go find that stuff. They the ones who be making it dark. Oh, okay. I'm telling you to stop. Here's the thing about woke. Can We please have family matters? Let us Keep that about woke. We've been telling woke people for the longest that they need to get some sleep because when they don't get sleep, they don't think straight And, I think we have all come to the conclusion that they are, You're not supposed to use that word. They have, they have stayed awake so long they, they're not Supposed to use that word. They have stayed, they have stayed awake so long. Do you need some? And they all, a bunch of little res You Know you're not supposed to use that.


The only word you should use is rest because those words are not good. You Don't know what he identifies as leave alone. Okay? That's right. I identifies. Okay. All right, let's be clear about that. You Are definitely like, goodness, they said you in the center of the table at Thanksgiving, don't they baby? Goodness. You at the center of the table, Make sure you were eating and right. Oh my goodness. When we come back, positive notice. The, Breakfast. Club. Good morning. Morning everybody is EJ Envy. Just hilarious. Charlemagne tha God. We are The. Breakfast Club. Lauren LaRosa filling in for Jess. She's celebrating her birthday tonight with Miss Lauren LaRosa. Yes, I am, I am. That's the little private situation. But this weekend or this week, Wednesday through Saturday, I'll actually be in Turks and Caicos.


So for, so for all of our listeners that are there, I, I'm gonna be speaking with the or for the fighting crimes with the music organization on Thursday, November 21st. It's a Inspire her mentorship program that'll, that's happening out there on the island. And then Friday, November 22nd, which is my actual birthday, Tommy, happy early birthday Charlie. Hey, happy early bond day. Happy early birthday ll Cool Babe, you, because I won't be here Friday, November 22nd. I'll be in Turks and Caicos. We are taking over Isha Lounge. It's my birthday. We gonna have a good time. I'm excited. Yeah. Birthday in Turks and Caicos is lit. Slu, everybody in Turks and Caicos, man. Great people out. There's Right. Absolutely. Alright, well you got a positive note. I do have a positive note.


It's simple. Your life begins to change the day you take responsibility for it. The future is up for grabs, y'all. Okay? It's whatever you want it to be. It belongs to any and all who will take the risk and accept the responsibility of consciously creating the future they want. The only life worth living is the one we take responsibility for choosing. Have a blessed day Breakfast Club Bitches. Do y'all finished or y'all done?


Amazon's Black Friday week starts November 21st with new deals added every day. Save on Home Goods to deck their halls toys to stuff their socket and fashion, like slippers to missile their toes. Woo. Shop Break Deals on Amazon.


Hey guys, I'm Kate Max. You might know me from my popular online series, the Running Interview Show where I run with celebrities, athletes, entrepreneurs, and more. After those runs, the conversations keep going. That's what my podcast Post Run High is all about. It's a chance to sit down with my guests and dive even deeper into their stories, their journeys, and the thoughts that arise once we've hit the pavement together. Listen to posts run high on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts.


Hey Bo. Hey Matt. Can you believe we have a whole bunch of wicked episodes coming up? Oh, I can't wait to share all of these amazing episodes with the readers, Katie's publicist and finalists. That's Right. We're talking all things behind bringing this iconic musical to the big screen. And of course, we're taking you inside The World of this epic movie with all the exclusive details you won't hear anywhere else. It's wicked in a way you've never heard before. Don't miss it. And be sure to go watch Wicked in theaters starting November 22nd. Listen to Last Cultist on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts.


Hey everyone, this is Courtney Thorn Smith, Laura Layton And Daphne Zuniga On July 8th, 1992, apartment buildings with pools were never quite the same as Melrose Place was introduced to The World. We are going to be reliving every hookup, every scandal, and every single wig removal together. So listen to still the place on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you listen to podcasts.


The 2025 iHeartPodcasts Awards are coming. This is the chance to nominate your podcast for the industry's biggest award. Submit your podcast for nomination now at iheart.com/podcast awards. But hurry, submissions close on December 8th. Hey, you've been doing all that talking. It's time to get rewarded for it. Submit your podcast today at iheart.com/podcast. That's iheart.com/podcast.