
You're listening to an iHeartPodcasts, Peace to the Planet. I go by the name of Charlamagne to God, and some in the south side of Chicago is calling and the shy is now screaming on Paramount. Plus, this season, the women are rewriting the rules. In the Showtime original series from Emmy Win. Elena Wa they've been loyal, they've been patient, and now's payback time. But the minute the shy aren't giving up their power without a fight, nobody's backing down until the throne is earned and nothing will ever be the same. Don't miss the shy new season now. Screaming only on the Paramount Plus with Showtime


plan. Taking Control of your career is empowering. Just don't tell my boss. I said that Building a career isn't just about a job. It's about creating a path that impacts our community and future generations. Whether you're starting out or making big moves, State Farm is here to support you with resources to help protect what you're working hard to achieve. They've got your back every step of the way because like a good neighbor State Farm is there. Find out more at State Farm dot com


Meetings, deadlines, emails. Don't you wish you could escape the chaos? That's where the all new Nissan Murano comes in with available features like the relaxing misogyny seats to ease stress, and the beautiful skyline views that bring in natural light. It's like cruising in your personal oasis. And if you need to set a vibe, 64 colors of personalized lighting and a bold premium sound system. Have you covered? Hands down. The all new Nissan Murano is your stress-free getaway. Sometimes the greatest rush isn't rushing at all. Drive the all new Nissan Murano today. Panoramic, moonroof, ambient lighting, bows and massaging. Leather appointed seats are optional.


Features at and t has a new guarantee because most things in life are not guaranteed. In a world where nothing is guaranteed, at and t is bringing something new to the table. At t is introducing a guarantee with connectivity, you depend on deals you want and service you deserve, or they make it right. Learn more at att.com/guarantee. At t connecting changes everything, terms and conditions apply. Visit att.com/guarantee for details.


Good morning, usa. Yo yo, yo, yo, yo, yo, yo, yo, yo, yo, yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo. Jess is running a little Laylo traffic. Charlamagne the guy. Peace to the Planet is Monday. Good morning. How y'all feel out there? I feel blessed black and highly favored. Happy to be here another day to serve our beautiful listeners. What's happening? That's right back to the work week. Hopefully you're feeling amazing. How was your weekend shuttle? My weekend was great. I don't know who was in here messing with all my stuff, though. Unplug my headphones. Got my headphones dead. Unplug my microphone. The hell is going on. Yeah, the weekend was good. I did nothing. I went to go see Mel Robbins on a Friday. Mel Robbins was at the, the Beacon Theater on Friday for the Let Them Let Them Tour.


Okay. And that was fantastic. It was part standup special part sermon, part stage play. Wow. And it was very, very, very enjoyable, man. Okay. Because, you know, whenever you go see somebody do like, you know, their podcast live, you don't really know what to expect. Of course not. You know, people think it's just gonna be two people up there talking or just a person up there talking. No, Mel put on a show. So drop on a cruise Bombs from Mel Roberts to Mel. That was a great date night. Dope, dope, dope, dope, dope. Yeah. I took my son's to this professional soccer game, so the New York City Football Club played the New Jersey Red Bulls. Now, I know for a lot of you guys, you probably saying like, what the hell is happening? But, you know, football is, is one of the biggest sports, I think might be, is the biggest sport worldwide. Right? What are you talking about?


But not here in America, though. You Call it, you call it football, soccer, right? Yeah. Football, yeah. Football. Football, yes. It's by, by far the biggest sport in The World. Not here in America as of yet, but they have a professional soccer squad or, or, or league. And I go to the games all the time with my son. I'm still learning a lot. My son, he's a soccer lover, like loves soccer board in any sport. He loves his players. He, he's just a, and he plays soccer, I think like four times a week. But, so we went to the, the, the game. I'm still learning still things I don't understand, but we're having an amazing time. It was a great bonding moment. And my, of course, my son's home from college, so it was just a great time. But, all right, well let's get the show cracking. Lin Whitfield. Lin Whitfield. Will Lin joined Us. Linfield will be joining us this morning, man. I think a lot of y'all watched The Shy over the weekend.


So yes, Lin Whitfield, the legendary Lin Whitfield will be joining us today to talk about the Shy and, and other things. That's right. Shy Season seven. So we'll get into that. We got front page news next Morgan's Beck, and we'll talk to her next. It's The Breakfast Club. Good morning. Morning everybody. It's DJ nv, Jess, Hilarious. Charlemagne the guy. We are The Breakfast Club. Let's get in some front page news now. Yesterday. NBA playoffs, the Thunder beat, the Nuggets 1 25 93. So OKC will be taking on Timber Wolfs. It's gonna be a great series. Great Series. And of course, my next play on Wednesday against the Pacers. Has there been a, a trade that has benefited both teams the way the Knicks Timberwolves trade benefited both teams? You know how they always say, oh, who won the trade?


Who won the trade? They both in the finals of their respective conferences. That's true. That is true. What's up, Morgan? Hey, hey. Hey y'all. Hey. How y'all feeling? Good on Monday? Peace Morgan. Be back. Good to be back. Yes. Alright, so first up on front page, let's get into it. Former President Biden Joe Biden has an aggressive form of prostate cancer that has spread to his bones. Now a, a spokesperson for the former president says the diagnosis came after doctors found a nodule on his prostate on Friday that required further evaluation. The cancer appears to be hormone sensitive, which allows for effective management. The statement said that the former president and his family are reviewing treatment options now.


Biden has been back in the news of late combating allegations in news reports that his mental health has been on the decline. His wife, former First Lady, Jill Biden, was on the View recently with her husband saying the allegations are false. She says she only saw her husband working nonstop. Now, former Vice President Kamala Harris, she stepped in and has a reaction in regards to what's going on with President Biden. She said that in a post on X, that both she and her husband Doug, are saddened to learn of the news calling Biden a fighter who will face this challenge with the same strength, resilience, and optimism that he has always defined in his life and leadership. Former President Obama also shared reaction saying that he and former First Lady Michelle, are thinking of the entire Biden family and praying for a fast and full recovery.


Trump also shared well wishes. He wished a former President Biden a fast and successful recovery following his prostate cancer diagnosis. Now, Trump said in a post on truth social on Sunday, that both him and his wife were saddened by the news and they extend their warmest and best wishes to Jill and the family. Just sad news to hear for president, former President Biden. Now the American Cancer Society reports that a five year relative survival rate for men diagnosed with prostate cancer is about 97%. So with good treatment, he could, you know, be okay for the next few years. Now, during his administration, Well, he's also an older, older man. Exactly. This is The next, next few years. What does that look like?


This is true, this is true. And of course, during his administration, he launched the Cancer Moonshot Initiative in an effort to cut cancer deaths in half by 24 to seven, in addition to assisting those impacted by cancer. So this is pretty much what we know so far in regards to this story, but I will keep you guys posted as more details come available. Yeah. I wonder how often do presidents get physicals? Because, because I wonder, does it show up before it's aggressive or does it just pop up aggressive first? Well, you know, a physical isn't gonna necessarily, you know, you're not gonna necessarily find cancer in a physical that's, that probably takes ex extensive screening or you know, further screening. But a physical, I believe that president's at least have to have one or two a year.


Yeah. Ask prostate exams are so common. Like, you know, I went to go get a physical last week and that's one of the things they did. They actually drew my, drew my blood for the prostate exam. And as soon as they said prostate exam, I was like, God dang it. I just had one of those last year. But they was like, no, we don't have to do that. Do it that way. Yeah. Meaning they don't have to poke me. That's right. Charla said is, is Yeah, you, you can check prostate without, you know, actually using your finger. But they do blood every six months. I thought for a president. So I, I always wondered did they possibly know when he was in office and just didn't say anything? Or did he really just find out now? Mm. And now that is not, that is not that. We are not, we are not sure about that. But I will definitely find out and figure that part out. And I bring that back to you guys.


He had some Emini here. I know that before he had, he had some, some form of cancer removed from his chest. I know. Before, a couple of years ago. Did he? No, I'm not, I'm not familiar with Purpose. It, I got skin. It was like a skin cancer that was removed from his chest a couple of years ago. Alright guys. So switching gears, you guys had some tragic news in New York. The National Transportation Safety Board is investigating after a tall ship hit the Brooklyn Bridge on Saturday, an NTSB Go team is coming to New York after a historic Mexican Navy training vessel, apparently lost power and struck the underside of the bridge shearing off the tops of its three wooden mass. Two crew members were killed and 19 others or more were injured who were aboard that ship.


Now spectators gathered to see this massive ship and many of them, you know, were filming the incident when it occurred. Let's take a listen to some of that audio. This is about a crash. Oh, Jesus. Yeah. So there were over 250 aboard and, and a search and rescue operation was underway to pull people out of the water. One of the ships, 104. Oh, okay. We talked about the mass. Now this happened. Okay. Yeah. The bridge over the East River has been reported open after city officials determined that it's suffered.


No structural, serious structural damage from that crash. Now Mexico's president, Claudia Scheinbaum, she said she's saddened by the deadly crash of the Mexican Navy ship in New York's East River. So again, this is one of those stories that I will continue to keep you guys posted and see what happens. Fox News does report that Mexican Naval Cadet America Sanchez has been identified as one of the deceased. So thoughts and prayers to her family in this sad time. Absolutely. Alright, well that is front page news. Yep. Thank you Morgan. Thank you. Talk to y'all at seven. Alright. And everybody else get it off your chest. 805 8 5 1 0 5 1 if you need to vent, phone lines are wide open again.


805 8 5 1 0 5 1 Vent with us. How was your weekend? Was it good? Was it bad? Call us up right now. It's The Breakfast Club. Good morning. The Breakfast Club. Wake up. Wake up. This is your time to get it off your chest, man. We wanna hear from you on The Breakfast Club. Hello? Who this? Yes sir. It's Ja from Indy. Ja Ja from Indy. Hey, real quick. Good morning Breakfast Club Indy. I got a nice little paper for you. Pacers on our neck going at Yo, your phone sound crazy, brother. He Said he wanna bet you Pacers Knicks. Oh Yes. So DJ NB? Yes sir. I hear you. Now If and when we win, I want you to wear a coach jersey and a pacer jersey.


Something simple. But if you win, I'm gonna donate a thousand dollars to the charity of your choice. I'm not a betting person brother. I I just like to watch the games. But nah, I'm, I, I I don't really bet like that brother. I'm not a gambler man. When I go to the Casino, I just go to enjoy. I don't even really gamble at the Casino brother. So you ain't got no faith in your Knicks? No, but my Knicks are gonna wax your paces though. I know that much. Alright. So I'm super annoyed with some of the men I run across that are blaming Cassie saying that she wanted it. And even some of the women I've dated women that have been sexually assaulted, I see women that have been sexually assaulted. I mentor kids that have been assaulted. They go back, this ain't even about the Stockholm Syndrome. There is something else that I think about when they come to Cassie called the Electric Complex, where sometimes women actually date the men who they think their father is or want their father to be.


So it's just, it's crazy 'cause we're blaming her in its totality. She was abused and everybody's ignored it. So that's all I got man. 'cause you ain't take my bet. I didn't wanna take it Too serious, but I just wanted to mention that. Thank you Ja. All right, Ja. Alright, Have A good one. You too now. Hello. Who's this? Good morning Envy. How are you Sir? I'm good brother. How you feeling? Good morning. Good morning, char Man. Tide, Peace King. What's the word, please? My father know who this is. Nah, who this? Ha Ha Mr. Show money Mr. Show Money. What's up brother? Price, I ain't recognize your voice. What's Going on? How you dj? What's going on Bro? How you feeling brother? Hey listen, I'm calling in to settle a longstanding 12 plus year breakfast club to be okay.


DJ Envy is definitely a black man. You know how I know? How do you know Guy? Because a guy that would name himself DJ Envy is a straight up light skinned nigga. Damn. Okay. Like, you know, don't know. You know, you know how you, you come on, you know I was on the high yellow bubble. You know what Emini here. So DJ Envy is the name. Gotta see back in the day, he was the envy because he was light-skinned. Fifth block I proposed name DJ Envy. Okay. Show money. Thanks. Thanks. Show money. Glad I'm glad you glad to hear that. Some thought this morning. Yeah. Appreciate it. Thank, thank, thank you so much. What's up Jess? What's up y'all? How you feeling?


I'm good. I'm Good. You stuck in that tunnel this morning, huh? Yo what? Yes. Crazy. And then the, the elevator in my building is broke. It's four of them, three of them broke. So one elevator works in the whole building and it's crazy. I live on the 26th floor. You Got Good cardio this morning? Hell No. I waited for that. That later. That's Wild. Get it off your chest. 805 8 5 1 0 5 1. If you need to vent, heat us up now. It's The Breakfast Club. Good morning. The Breakfast Club. It's a new day. This is your time to get it off your chest wake. Wake Up. Whether you're mad or blessed, It's time to get up and get something. Call up Now. Eight five eight five one oh five one. We wanna hear from you on The Breakfast Club.


Hello? Who's this? This is Bruno. Bruno. What up? Get it off your chest. Alright, I wanna talk about Haitian Heritage Month. Okay. Haitian Flag Day was yesterday, so PAE on my Haitian, My boule. Alright. All right. I wanted to talk about a little bit of Haitian history that plays in the American history. Go ahead, break it down brother. You know, in 1804, Napoleon was forced to sell Louisiana due to the fact that he was fighting the Haitians. You know what I'm saying? So America wouldn't have Louisiana if it wasn't for the fact that Haitians fought back and took their freedom in 1804 and 9,000 refugees. White and black led to Louisiana at that time.


So a lot of Louisiana natives are also Haitian descendants and middle known is that US invaded Haiti in 1914 and took $500,000 in gold bars and and formed city group due to the fact that we took our freedom, France came and invaded 20 years later claimed that they lost property, which was the slaves. So we ended up having to pay over five $21 billion back to France. Okay. And John Point, duke Theam also founded Chicago.


So a lot of people don't know that Haiti has played a lot of integral parts in American history. So I just wanted to let y'all know SLU do Haitians out there. So Pote. Absolutely. We appreciate y'all. Hello. Who's this? Yo, this is the big homie ish. What's good? Envy. What's Up brother? Get it off your chest. Aint not much. Hey, I want to talk to the brothers out there, man. I was a little concerned last week when I heard brothers calling in talking about free Puffy. Now, now Puffy was out of control from the beginning of his career when he had that incident at City College. I, I'm from bk so know what Emini here. I watched his career from the low to the high. But when these guys become these elite in individuals, when I say elite become part of that a hundred million dollar club, they tend to try to sit on the side where they feel like they're gonna be accepted by the F things and these individuals that do these outrageous things.


But when I hear the brothers call in, it was like, yo, why she came up there and, and why she she speaking her truth. She, that's part of her dirt, you know? And these same individuals have daughters and wives. So this is what you accept for that your daughter or your wife that a man will use his his money and and X, y, and z to, to beat you to the ground. And when you speak up about it, it's a problem. It just was really disturbing to hear that. And I was just trying to call in event that man, because I just see it, it's an ongoing thing within the community where our sisters, they try to lay it down and the brother's not rallying behind him to support them. Real talk. Well I think, I think folks need to be screaming for Diddy to get some healing.


You know what I'm saying? Regardless of what happens in this situation, he got, he gonna have to deal with the consequences of his actions and he cannot run from himself at at, at some point you gotta sit down and do some work on yourself. 'cause he clearly needs it. Most definitely. But for, for Diddy, I just feel like it's been so long throughout his career where it should have been some, some sort of change. You know what I'm saying? I'm not just it, it's it's before Casie. It's all the other little things that was happening. I don't wanna bring that up on air. We don't know what's up though. But, but just to watch them, them things play on man. They hear the brothers throwing out free Diddy. It's real disturbing man. I need to lift our sisters up, you know what I'm saying? Maybe I need to listen to a little more pop.


Keep your head up and understand what, why women are here and what they do for us and what they have done for The World with them being the start of mankind. And that's just on some real talk. Yo yo Jess, yo, keep doing your thing Jess. You got a whole Brooklyn team. A whole Brooklyn Street team out there you don't even know about. I appreciate that. A a Brooklyn. She team street team. Street team street team Team street team. We just rallied behind you for a little minute. Know what Emini here Man. I appreciate that You was doing a little funny thing in the whip and we watching. We like yo, keep tagging her. Keep ta her. Keep tagging. Anybody didn't tag you, we was running up on her. I love that Same Difference with the little spots out in Harrisburg. We like, yo, we wanna see Jess Hilarious out here. They like, nah we don't.


Yo, if we don't see Jess Hilarious out there, we ain't coming to your spot. It ain't gonna be the Friday spot no More. I Appreciate you man. Is home girl on there from Morgan State? She's what's her name? Yes. Morgan. Morgan. Morgan. Actually she came Morgan University. Yes. Yeah, her name is Morgan though. But yeah, she went to, she went to Morgan State University. All right. Alright. They coach boxed my daughter's freshman season. Man We gotta go. We gotta go. Alright, stay up everybody have a great morning. I love it. Thank you. We gonna keep going right? Get it off your chest. 805 8 5 1 0 5 1. What's up Lauren? We got the latest coming up. Yeah we do. We gotta talk about Cassie's last day on the stand. But more importantly going into this week, their second major witness victim Jane, we, who we now know is Dawn Rashard is on the stand, but Diddy's team does not want her there on Richards.


Well she says it's Rashard. She said that. Oh, Dawn's on today. Dawn was on Friday. She's on Friday. See this is the thing for 20 minutes. I Saw that it was barely even that Dawn was on Friday and they objected heavily to her even testifying. It caused the whole thing in court. They basically were like, look, we'll pick this up Monday. But then they argued for about shoot In a little while. Sorry y'all. Jesus Christ. Dang. We'll get into that next, you see Lauren's excited. It's The Breakfast Club Morning. The girl name is Richards. She Said it's Rashard. Somebody Always been extra with their name. I know somebody named Deborah Wright and she was like, no, my name's bitch. Your name is Deborah, Right? Ladies with Lauren next The Breakfast Club. Morning everybody. It's dj, nv, Jess, Hilarious Charlamagne guy. We are The Breakfast Club.


Let's get to the latest with Lauren. Lauren Becoming the street fan. She gets them from somebody that knows somebody well, she gets the details. I'm the home girl that knows a little bit about everything and She be having the latest on this. Good lord, the latest with Lauren la Sometimes she have facts, sometimes she have details, sometimes she have a little bit of everything. What's the latest on The Breakfast Club? Talk. Talk to me. All right, so back in court this week, the second big testimony that people or the teams are looking forward to or looking forward to going against is Dawn Richard. Now Dawn, Richard started to testify Previously Dawn Richards previously Dawn Richards. Yes.


See Dawn Richards. There's an argument about how you say the last name Richards. Richard Dawn of formerly of Danity Kane and of the, what was the three persons group? Dirty Money. I guess If you're feeling casual or formal, if you're feeling casual, it's Richard. If you're feeling formal, it's rash. I don know. But Dawn is on that stand. She came on the stand after test. Cassie finished her testimony and literally was there for maybe 20 minutes. And Diddy's team immediately started objecting to her testimony. Now the reason why they're objecting is because they're trying to say every, not even trying, he literally said in court did his attorney, that everything Dawn is saying is a lie. And it makes no sense that they allow people who have these random stories of what allegedly happened physical violence wise to get on the stand because this isn't a domestic violence case.


Now the judge or the, the government is like, well honestly, if we're talking about violence, it adds to count one. It adds to us being able to talk about the coercion and Diddy being able to basically allegedly like scare people into allowing him to do what he wanted to do. So Her, oh, because they said one thing that one thing Don said is after she saw Diddy beat Cassie the next day He came in the room and threatened her. Yes. Yeah. So Dawn is testifying that exactly what she talked about in her civil suit, in addition to some other things that, that they ca they were in a house in LA in 2009. Did he beat Cassie because Cassie wasn't finished allegedly making his food on time. And the next day he came in the room to talk to her and her band member and he basically told them, you know, alleges that he told them don't say anything.


What y'all saw up there was passion. And when people say stuff about things like this about me, they end up missing. That is what Dawn is alleging. So the government is like, this is definitely relevant because it'll show that number one, he was conscious of guilt, conscious of what we're trying to prove is that he knows what he's doing, but he allegedly like makes people feel scared so that they will just continue to let him do what he wants to do. So today, Monday, people are wondering if Dawn is gonna get back on the stand. The judge said when he dismissed Dawn, you know, you can enjoy your weekend, but we will see you on Monday and today they will have a conversation about what the scope of her testimony can be. Mm. How much she can go into and how it relates to the actual charges. But the judge, I'm gonna tell you, he was upset, he was pissed off at Diddy's attorney because he was like, you've known that she was one of the witnesses all this time and you knew what, what she, the scope of her testimony was gonna be.


She didn't a while ago. Right? Yeah. Why you didn't say something before. And Diddy's attorney was like, well we can't say that we knew what she was good on the stand and get on the stand to say. So there was a back and forth about that. But it Should be the questions though. It should be the questions. The prosecutors answer the questions. She just can't get on the stand and Just say whatever they, she has to answer the questions coming from the prosecutor. Yeah, but it's directed like you ask certain questions 'cause you wanna get certain things from her. So did statement's basically saying y'all are unfairly adding additional conversation about the violence and not about what we're actually here for, but they're saying the violence equals to what we are here For. I understand that. But also she filed a civil suit. So they, they do know what she's going to probably say on the Stand now and on the, on terms of the civil suit, the same day that she got on the stand, Diddy's team filed to have that civil suit thrown out.


They filed the documents on Friday and they pointed out a series of reasons that Dawn's lawsuit shouldn't go any further. They talk about statute, statute of limitations, improper group pleads and on and on. It's like really legalese. But basically because of what I heard DeeDee's attorney say in court, they just feel like everything she's saying is a lie and that she's allegedly jumping on a bandwagon of like, everybody's piling on Diddy. So let me hop on the whole money conversation, right? Like all that stuff. So I always said Dawn and his ex-manager James Cruz would be the biggest people on in that court, right? Because Cassie has a relationship with him, right? Cassie was allegedly part of a lot, a lot of the stuff that he was doing, but these two individuals weren't. So they're seeing from a i's perspective. 'cause they weren't part of the, you know, freak offs.


Yeah. Emini here That we know of. Yeah. No, yeah. But Don Don an i's perspective as opposed to what the nose. Yes. Okay. And then Cassie, that, that was her last day taking the stand. So she, she finished her testimony before Dawn and they actually, well her lawyer spoke out for her.


Hey, what up y'all? It's DEJ Envy. The first few months of 2025 have been quite a year. Work deadlines, group chats, you can't escape. And your weird cousins latest overshare. It's a lot. But here's some good news. You don't have to bring that stress into your car. The all new Nissan Murano is your piece on wheels, thanks to its available features. Imagine sliding into the relaxing, massaging seats that feel like they were made to melt your tensions. Take in the skyline views that let sunlight pour in and watches your day brightens. I have a special playlist that always gets me right. And with the Bowles premium sound system, you too can vibe like you're at your own private concert. Plus with your 64 color personalized lighting option, you can set the mood any way you want. Be it romantic chill, or in a straight up do not disturb mode. Let the Nissan Murano be your oasis in a chaotic world because sometimes the greatest rush isn't rushing at all. Drive the all new Nissan Murano today, Panoramic moonroof, ambient lighting, bows and massaging. Leather appointed seats are optional features.


Hey fam, if you like me, you're thinking about how to level up in your career, maybe you're fresh outta college, just start in your field or even looking to switch things up and find your true calling. Whatever stage you're in, remember that this is your time to grow, to learn, and to build something that lasts. State Farm understands that early career development is key to long-term success. They've been a steady presence in our communities and they know that having the right support early on can make all the difference. State Farm is there to help you make smart moves and to help you get the coverage you need. We all know the journey to success is a marathon, not a sprint. It's about staying focused, staying grounded, and making sure you're protected every step of the way. Let's build our careers with confidence, knowing that State Farm is there to support us just like they've always been because like a good neighbor State Farm is there. Find out more@stateforum.com.


Yoki up is it Is your boy Bohan and I'm bringing you something epic. Epic. Introducing the K factor, the podcast, it takes you straight into the heart of K-Pop. We're talking music reviews, exclusive interviews and deep dives into the industry like never before. From producers and choreographers to idols and trainees. We're bringing you the real stories behind the music that you love. And yeah, we're keeping it a hundred. Discussing everything from comebacks and concepts to the mental health side of the business because K-Pop isn't just a genre, it's a whole world and we're exploring every corner of it. And here's the best part. Fans get to call in, drop opinions, and even join us live at events. You never know where we might pop up next. So listen to the KF Factor on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcast, or wherever you get your podcasts. This isn't just a podcast, it's a movement. Are you ready? Let's go, let's go. Let's go. Go.


Made For This Mountain is a podcast that exists to empower listeners to rise above their struggles. Break free from the chains of trauma and silence the negative voices that have kept them small. Through raw conversations, real stories and actionable guidance. You can learn to face the mountain that is in front of you. You will never be able to change or grow through the thing that you refuse to identify the thing that you refuse to say, Hey, this is my mountain, this is the struggle, this is the thing that's in front of me. You can't make that mountain move without actually diving into that. May is mental health awareness month a time to conquer the things that once felt impossible and step boldly into the best version of yourself to awaken the unstoppable strength that's inside of us all. So tune into the podcast, focus on your emotional wellbeing and climb your personal mountain Because it's impossible for you to be the most authentic you. It's impossible for you to love you fully if all you're doing is living to please people. Your mountain is that Listen to Made for this mountain on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts


After court. And talked about a couple things, how her husband felt and how she felt. So let's take a listen to her attorney on how Cassie felt. Finishing her testimony This week has been extremely challenging, but also remarkably empowering and healing for me. I hope that my testimony has given strength and a voice to other survivors and can help others who have suffered to speak up and also heal from abuse and fear. For me, the more I heal, the more I can remember and the more I can remember, the more I will never forget. I'm glad to put this chapter of my life to rest. As I turn to focus on the conclusion of my pregnancy. I ask for privacy for me and for my growing family.


I wish she give immunity. I don't know the answer to that a hundred percent. There have been rumors that that was a conversation, but I do not know. And then the attorney also spoke out for her husband Alex fine too, because people wanted to know how he felt. Let's take a listen And then I have a statement from Alex. Fine. Over the past five days, The World has gotten to witness the strength and bravery of my wife, freeing herself of her past. There has been speculation online, surrounding how it must feel for me to sit there and listen to my wife's testimony. I have felt so many things sitting there. I have felt tremendous pride and overwhelming love for Cass. I have felt profound anger that she has been subjected to sitting in front of a person who tried to break her.


Now all of this is happening. And Diddy's baby girls went to prom and had their last day of high school and they looked amazing over the week. And I just feel so bad for the, for these girls because they are subjected to so much stuff that has nothing to do with them. And they're young, like Their mom is not here and daddy's locked Up. No. And they haven't been in court for the last couple days. So people were creating stories about why they're not in court. And it's like they just trying to finish high school and go to prom. I wouldn't want my children in court either after somebody said, I I like to rub another man's semen on my nipples. Yeah, that's something I wouldn't want. I think we, I wouldn't want them there anymore either. Can you imagine what it's like for them going to school after? Why did nobody stand up and yell? Objection when that happened. That's how we need You there.


Why? This is so normal to people. We need you There. It, It is. And just be going on about eight days. Like it's nothing. So if you would Did it, you the shoulda Yelled job Objection Ron. You're not an attorney. Objection. You not gonna, you're not. You just gonna let that go. That's a, That's a crime. That's not a crime. You're Not gonna say pause Running that on your nipples. That's just a sexual obviously Don't nobody need to know that. That's A thing. Just say pause Elise. What? Dang, Listen, they done put the special agent who did the, the search and CDR of the hotel room when Diddy was locked up here in New York. They had pictures of a whole freak off about to go down in the hotel room Right before he got locked up. Yes. And man, they been giving bang bros. All of i, you know, ideas and stuff. So now it's a whole category.


You know, semen, nipples, Is it hill? Really? Bang bros. Yeah. Check it out y'all. No, it's a drip. Yeah, It like almond. Nevermind this Jesus Christ Nutty nipple. Yo, it's nut Nipple. Thank you. This is a lot of, lot shit. Ashley. She just give her, this is a lot of lotion. Talk about my, I washed my hands. Thank you. I'm just letting you, I didn't a lot of lotion. I didn't say nothing. You said all I, And I don't know how I feel about you giving me all this lotion after the conversation we just had. And Then you not even, yo you not even ashy like that. That's A lot up. I'm short of hand right there.


You Are. You crazy. In the middle of the break, he got up to run to his bag to get you that. That's so Shit. By the way, I didn't say nothing. She said I didn't pass the lotion Discretion. Don't make it seem like I just be ashy. I washed my hands. I didn't say nothing about you being ashy. I I didn't pass you the lotion. Discreetion. All right. You told everybody. Can Somebody take some of this? It's the latest with Ash Emini here. The latest with Lauren. All right. Now when we come back, we got front Page news. Don't, don't. Alright. Letting your beer live all okay. When we come back, we got front page news and Lin Whitfield will be joining us is The Breakfast Club. Good morning, Wake up. Wake up. You're locked into The Breakfast Club. Morning everybody. It's DJ Envy. Just hilarious. Charlemagne the guy. We are The Breakfast Club. Let's get in some front page news.


Start off with some quick sports. The thunder beat the nuggets yesterday, 1 25 93. So the Thugg, the thunder moves on to the next round, which they'll be playing the timber wolf. So, and of course, my next week playing the paces. What's up Morgan? Alright, Let's get back into it. Congress is advancing President Trump's quote, big beautiful bill. The budget and tax bill failed to get outta the GOP LED budget committee on Friday, but it advanced in a rare vote on Sunday night last night by a 17 to 16 vote along party lines. The four Republicans who oppose the bill in committee on Friday voted present house speaker Mike Johnson spoke to Fox News Sunday ahead of the vote last night and laid out the projected schedule for the bill this week.


Let's hear those comments from House Speaker Mike Johnson. And We're on track working around The clock to deliver this nation shaping legislation for the American people as soon as possible. The budget committee will reconvene this evening. They'll get that through the committee, and the plan is to move it to the rules committee by midweek and to the house floor by the end of the week. Yeah. So The package includes a major spending increase for immigration enforcement and the military extensions to Trump's 2017 tax cuts and cuts to Medicaid snap and clean energy funding. Now GOP lawmakers are looking at changes that could make House passage more difficult this week. So they're gonna be getting into that. Now, let's talk tariffs.


I know Mimi touched on this a bit on Friday, but there is an update. So the White House says that it's in talks with Walmart after the retail giant said it will soon raise prices due to tariffs. Now on NBC's meet the press treasury secretary Scott Benson said that he spoke to Walmart's CEO. Let's take a listen to those comments. Walmart Is in fact the going to the, as you describe it, eat some of the tariffs with their consumer. The single most important thing is the gasoline price and gasoline prices have collapsed under President Trump. So on Saturday, president Trump posted that Walmart should stop trying to blame tariffs as the reason for raising prices and went on to say that they should eat the tariffs.


Now, Walmart, CFO said the retailer will try to work with suppliers to key prices as low as they can. I'm not gonna lie, that was a a, a val a a good point that I thought Trump raised because I, he said Walmart made billions of dollars last year. Y'all got it Fall said, y'all got it. Yeah. Far more than expected, he said between Walmart and China, they should eat, eat the tariffs and not charge valued customers anything. I can't, I can't disagree. Emini here, they yeah, they've made a lot of money. They do make a lot, a lot, a lot, a lot, a lot of money. Yeah. And, and they already, they're already overcharging people for things way before these tariffs. Right. Per period. And everybody is, by the way, everybody's Charging high and the tariffs haven't been in effect and everybody's charging tariff fees, which seems crazy to me. Yeah, yeah, yeah.


Well, we will continue to see, you know, keep you posted as to, you know, how the tariffs and the trade war goes. Meanwhile, trust Reed Secretary Scott Benon also spoke about China. Now, the Trump administration insists that there's no retreat when it came to the tariffs on China. He went on to say that it's not a tit for tap policy that the US and China had previously engaged in. But he did say that both sides agreed to lower tariffs to open a window of negotiations to get a final trade deal with the country. Vincent went on to say that he has been involved in talks with China. So hopefully things will start to ease in regards to those tariffs as well. And continuing with international affairs, former Vice President Mike Pence, he says it's a bad idea for President Trump to accept that 7 47 jet from Cutter to use someday as Air Force One.


Now Pence tells NBC's meet the press that accepting the luxury jet would raise security and constitutional concerns to which you have said CTG. And he hopes that Trump will rethink accepting this gift. Let's hear more from former Vice president Mike Pence. Cutter has a long history of playing both sides. They support Hamas, they supported Al-Qaeda. Qatar has actually financed pro Hamas protests on American campuses across the United States. And so the very idea that, that we would accept an Air Force one from Qatar, I think it's inconsistent with our security, with our intelligence needs. My hope is the President reconsiders it.


So the Trump administration plans to accept the jet from the Qatari Royal and use it for the president's travel. Now, Pence suggested if Qatar wants to give the US a gift, it could give us one $400 million directly to infrastructure on their military base. So he said, why are you going give us a plane? Well, you could just give us cash. We know you got it. So that's Pence's thoughts in regards to that plane. The fact we are saying he should rethink it is, is nuts to me. The Constitution is clear that he can't do that. Not allowed. So, so, so are there no consequences for a president throwing his middle finger to the Constitution? Or, or there's no consequences for a president doing what the Constitution clearly states not to do?


Like, Well, despite the fact that Trump has in fact sworn an oath to the Constitution, it would, it is already clear that he has, you know, decided to do what he wants to do. And as, as far as punishments are concerned, you know, that is, that is pending and to be determined, we are, we are in it in the thick of it. And speaking of semi punishments, it's like, lemme get into this last story. And the people are saying the ancestors have seemingly entered the chat with this story, maybe punishing the plantation orders. Y'all see what happened in Louisiana? Not away. Plantation in White Castle, Louisiana has been, been declared a total loss following a fi fire. The 1859 Plantation House was the largest antebellum home in the South, between 155 and 200 slaves reportedly worked the sugar fields on that plantation.


Now, I Iberville Parish president Chris Daigle says, the not away plantation house is a total loss after Thursday's fire. Now fire crews responded to the Blaze around 2:00 PM and put it out, but it reignited about 6:00 PM causing the roof to collapse. Now, the 53,000 square foot home was, like I said, the largest standing antebellum home in the South with 64 rooms, 365 doors and windows. They've used this as a resort as of late, and it was built in 1859. It has survived numerous hurricanes. And of course, the Civil War, the cause of the fire is under investigation, but the owner is hoping to rebuild. A lot of people are saying that this is a, you know, an act of the ancestors. What do you guys think?


What happens? What hap what actually caused the fire? Morgan Crazy. They Don't know know yet. We don't know. We don't yet. It's under investigation. Yeah. So I think, I don't, I feel like the ancestors would've did this a long time ago because they had the power to do it. That's all I'm saying. Like, you know what, Emini here, I I believe in my ancestors all praises do. But you know, come on, I hear I I did hear it. They said they bought the Annabelle doll to the city and they opened her box or something like that, and then that happened. Oh, what, Justin, You just asked us a damn question. A crazy question. I'm giving you a crazy answer. I, so You know Why I seen it. Oh My gosh. They said that they bought the annabele do and opened up the box, and that's what happened. Yeah, I, I did. I just, I, if the ancestors wanted to do this, they would've done this a long time ago.


You know what I'm saying? If the ancestors had the power to do this, they would've done this a long time ago. And plus let's be for real. The, the, the blood of the ancestors is actually in the soil. It ain't just in the house, it's in the soil. You know, how many, you know, enslaved people got killed on those grounds, so, right. So, you Know, very well, you know, we'll see what happens as a result of this fire, whether or not that owner will be able to rebuild and yeah, we'll see what happens. I'll keep you guys posted. But that's your front page news for today. Y'all can follow me on social at Morgan Media. And for more news coverage, follow us at Black Information Network. Download the free iHeartRadio app and visit us@binews.com. Make it a great Monday. Thank, thank you, Morgan. All right. Now when we come back, Lynn Whitfield will be joining us. Ms. Lynn Whitfield.


Of course. She's on season seven of the Shy, and we're gonna talk to her in a little bit. So don't go anywhere. It's The Breakfast Club. Good morning, The Breakfast Club. Morning everybody. It's DJ Envy. Jess. Hilarious. Charlamagne Nega. We are The Breakfast Club. We got a special guest in the building, the legendary, the icon. Ms. Lynn Whitfield. Welcome. Good morning. How you feeling? Thank you. I feel great. I'm happy to be Back. Actually look amazing. Yeah. Thank you. Thank You. You just came back from South Africa or Zimbabwe, right? Yeah, I came back from South Africa. I was doing a film in Cape Town. I was there all like two and a half months. I was What was that like for you? Spiritually and culturally? So spiritually, there's a magnetic force there, you know, with Table Mountain, a Cape of Good hope out there.


It's so powerful. So I feel very energized by the energy of the place and often saddened by the history of the place, you know? So I have to kind of balance that out and maybe not go to the Slave Lodge Museum right away and maybe not go to District six and, you know, remember Robin Island Yeah. And all that, you know, and just feel the energy of the place, why it was so attractive in the first place that people wanted it so badly and still do. Yeah, I never, I, I'm going to Cape Town for the holidays. I've been to Joburg, I've never been to Cape Town. It's Beautiful. It's very beautiful. It's like a cross in topography between say a San Francisco and a Miami.


Wow. I think, I think it's like Miami. I always say Cape Town reminds me of Miami a lot. Durban is kind of like DC Yeah. And you know, I haven't been to dur You haven't been urban yet? Like Chicago, yes. Atlanta. Yep. I, yeah, that's how I feel. But I love it there. It's my fourth time in South Africa. Now you're on season seven of the Shy. Yes. How are you enjoying the Shy? Oh, well, I really enjoyed it. Season seven. It was great. Emini here. I went in for three episodes at the end of season six, and then I was invited back for all of season seven. And it was great. How do you so many young, talented actors and an interesting storyline for me. So yeah. How do you decide what you want to do now?


Right? Because you've done so many things and so many things have been impactful for our community. How do you say, you know what, I wanna do it, I wanna work with the young bucks on this one, or I'd rather do this one. How do you decide what, what Miss Linfield, I don't know. When I read it, when I read something and my imagination gets to cooking And I can see where I can add something to it. My southern mother in Baton Rouge, Louisiana, who's now 94 Yma. Wow. That's a blessing. Wow. Wow. Wow. I pray to get through that. She says, she says, well, she'll put something on or put a throw pillow on the couch or do something and she'll stand back and she'll say, I don't know, does it add? So if I feel like I can add something, add dimension, add deeper meaning, you know, thread something through a story that makes it better, I usually wanna do it.


Also, you know, I like roles that are a little bit showy that I get to do something exciting. And yeah, I heard you did that with Alicia. I heard that you said that you were drew to the role not because of what was on the paper and that that, that you needed to fill that roll out a little bit more. Right. Okay. What, what, what did you mean by that? Right. The possibility of it. Okay. Okay. Because it was only for three. It was supposed to be for three episodes. So we have, the first information was she wanted her son to go and revenge the death of her brother, which is, you know, street culture, street law, like revenge. Right. So I found that very interesting to me because I, I don't really understand the visceral energy of people who actually are hurt, disappointed, feel lost, and then turn that out into I'm gonna make somebody pay because it still doesn't make the pain go away, you know?


So it was very interesting to me to take that journey and kind of figure out and fill in the gaps of how a human being can decide that, because I'm hurting. I'm gonna hurt you, I'm going to kill you. And hopefully it makes me feel better. And hopefully that makes me feel better, you know? 'cause I watch true crime sometime and, you know, I love our country. I love, but there's a lot of gun violence going on. People are acting out in some ways that yeah, yeah. More violence will make me whole. That's crazy. That's a crazy concept to me. Well, yes, it's, and so I wanted to explore that kind of psyche. Have you ever had to emotionally recover from a role you played and, and, and which one took you out the most personally?


Mm. It's one that nobody ever, that people didn't really see. It was a part of a trilogy of short stories that was on showtime years and years and years ago, the character was raped. And when we shot it, it was a rainy day in Toronto. You know, the whole thing, the being thrown down the, the, the invasion of it. Of course there was no sexual act. But it really took me a little while to process all that and like release it because that aggressive act was so harsh to my spirit, even though we were acting, I had to just kind of heal from it.


Mm. And that was an unpleasant one. And it took a while And I cried myself to sleep that night. So my heart goes out to, you know, women or any human beings who've been sexually assaulted. Sexually assaulted. Yes. When you hear That in the news, did that bring you back there? When I hear it in the news, it, I, you know, again, it's the nuances of something. So we hear, oh, somebody was raped, somebody was sexually assaulted. But the nuances of actually that happening to you, your body being invaded, you being overpowered, you being overthrown, it's frightening and it's painful and it's helpless. Mm. And and you've, you've also portrayed like a lot of powerful matriarchs.


Right. And I, And I always wonder like, what did, well, Powerful women, they're not all matriarchs. Sometimes they don't, you know, there are powerful women who don't have children. Can't have children. That's true. Yeah. I always wonder, like, what did your mother or, or, or you and grandmother teach you about that, like, commanding presence that you brought to those roles? I don't know. I think that's an energy that somebody's kind of born with. And it's funny because my mother has this commanding presence and she's, you know, and her youth was really beautiful and well groomed and all of that. Yet as her daughter, I know the nuances. So that's why I texture all of the women because I was raised by women who have a lot of dimensions to them, you know, who have a lot of insecurities and sometimes insecurities are all wrapped up and dressed up, you know, in fancy clothes or jewelry or perfume and, you know, hair and all of that.


But that doesn't have a lot to do with the evolution of a soul. Hmm. So I find it very interesting to always go a little bit past the power and into the other nuances of who people are. So they're, they're never just always powerful with no problems. Yeah, yeah, yeah. With with without character flaws, they're not perfect. They're always some little missing link that they could make better that makes them not quite the person they want to be. We're still kicking it with Ms. Lynn Whitfield. Now, I wanna ask you about the evolution of Hollywood. Meaning I don't think people look at movies as they did back then. I wanted to to get your thoughts on it, right? Because, you know, when a movie came out you, everybody wanted to go see that movie.


But now I feel like you don't, we don't have that same, that same feeling towards movies a lot of the times. Like I was just talking to Charlamagne about the Clarissa Shields movie And I was like, it was amazing movie, but I forgot it came out. It came out on Christmas And I happened to see it on a plane. And I'm like, damn, this was a good movie that I missed. Movie. And you didn't. Yeah. Well technology has sort of changed everything I think, because everything is accessible. When movie culture was a family event, when people waited with baited breath to go and see a movie, the opening of a movie, it was because they weren't gonna see it. If you miss it in the movie theater, you might not see it Until it went to Blockbuster. I know I'm telling my age, but yes. When we went to Blockbuster, Until you could get it in Block Damn Blockbuster, blockbuster in a long time.


But it was so like, great because it's a family event, you know, everybody gets together. You going, people even used to like, wanna look cute. They have dinner before. Right. And the family goes to the movies and shares this idea. Even Emini here. I loved drive-ins. Drive-ins are great 'cause we go in our pajamas. But no, it's not like that anymore because people have access, sometimes they have access to the movie before it's in a movie theater. So technology has kind of changed all that. But has that killed the experience like we were talking about, even sinners, like he said, you, you wanna see it on IMAX because the sounds and, and the quality. Yes. And seeing it on airplane TV is, is not doing anything for it.


Well, can I Tell You that's still gonna be good when it comes out? Well, no, no, of course it's gonna be good. But when I trained to be an actress, you know, when I was at Howard, when I trained, you know, privately after college and all that, I was training to be on a big 30 foot screen. Hmm. It was not occurring to me that people would be watching my image on a three inch screen on a phone. That part makes me a little sad. Hurts you sometimes. Yeah, because I, I fell in love with movies and storytelling, watching things on a big screen, or at least the million dollar movie with my grandmother. When you could, you know, this had been a movie and you couldn't see it anywhere else unless you caught them.


You know, you caught the late night movie and it was playing again. You couldn't just on demand it somewhere. So. Well, what's The difference? Like how do you approach it differently as opposed to, okay, I know this is gonna be on a film big screen, this gonna be on tv. Like how do you, do you approach it differently when you act? Little bit. Wow. Okay. Okay. When you know something is gonna be on a big screen and you trust the director, I'm so excited. 'cause I just did a thrill with Malcolm d Lee. That's what I was doing. Oh. In South Africa? In South Africa. So I'm excited and we know that it is made for the movie theater. Okay. So when a screen is 30 feet tall, you really can think a thought and it will transmit, you know, you don't have to show people what you're feeling.


You can simply feel what you're feeling. And that's so beautiful. But if you know it's on a, a small screen, it kind of gives you freedom to be more animated. Hmm. Emini here, you know, on a 30 foot screen Emini here, I don't, I don't wanna see people's lips trembling and all that. But you know what? Emini here, I don't wanna see somebody, you know, if there's surprise like eyes. But because that, that means your eyes are like 15 feet. It's big, you know, and invasive. And I think film just pulls you into the experience, you know? And the smaller the screen, the, you don't have to think about it quite as much. So it can be different.


But good acting is good. Acting believable. Acting is believable anywhere. It could be on stage, a big screen television. Right. But there are little nuances that can change when you're doing it for big Screen. You know, you, you talked earlier about our stories, black stories. Why do you think it's still so hard for black stories to be told and sold in Hollywood when you know, obviously we are supporting, people are going to see, but they just don't wanna produce 'em. Well, the relevancy of who we are as a people, the entertaining nature of who we are as a people, the magic of who we are, of course is always being downplayed is always being made less important than it is in every aspect of our culture.


Emini here in fashion, nobody's gonna say, wow, this is really something that was very much influenced by the raps that were worn by men in some, you know, Western African tribe, Even the Met Gallery 31 million. How much went to organizations that benefit black and brown people? It says zero. You know, I just came back from South Africa, a country that I love. I love this country. But that the supremacy of others and the self-importance of others. And I feel the insecurity of our wonder, you know, being threatened by our majesty, our creativity.


So it's constantly a threat to people. It's constantly being belittled and made less important. That's just the nature of it. 'cause you know, I thought I would be a, you know, just getting away from some things, being in another country for two and a half months. But it is, so the through Emini here, I go to Victoria Falls, which, which is called Moya, you know, and that's the storm. The storm, the storm that thunders, I think that's the tribal, you know, osa, I think it's Osa, the language. And that was the name of it. So this English explorer comes the tribe, show him this seventh, one of the seven wonders of The World.


And he says, oh, marvelous. Yes, I discovered this. I think I should gift it to the queen and name it after crazy. So that's Victoria Falls, you know, so it's a constant kind of wanting something that doesn't belong to you, right? Or wanting to quiet things that, or threatening to you or makes you seem less interesting or is has commercial value, but you want to own it. So that Emini here, it's the same story over and over and over and over again. So sometimes I feel like if we just keep talking about it, we just romancing, you know, like old dead mess because I can't see white supremacy disappearing.


I can't see the need to, to make others small to feel strong. I don't see it leaving. The hilarious thing about white supremacy is that we are not the threat to your existence. White supremacists are the threat to white supremacist existence. Well, well of course. But when you get to the point when, when we're just even hitting the tip of an iceberg talking about cultural things, artistic things, and why, you know, soldiers story, which was so just pla could be done and do all that box office back 30 years ago with Adolf Caesar and Denzel and all, and then after that there's still a dearth. Or how you could have lady sings the blues and it'd be so incredible.


But the thank God HBO said, what, 20 years later, let's do Josephine Baker Emini here. How many stories? So it doesn't matter often like what the box office is that it actually made money. They just don't see the relevance. Right. Of filling out theaters with more. Yeah. And sometimes we maybe don't even put forth the stories that move us forward. Emini here, there's, there's so much complexity in race in every corner of it. We're still Kicking it with Ms. Lynn Whitfield Charlamagne. You know, I love your longevity in the game. I don't think we applaud that enough in people. Just the fact that somebody can be around for so long and be so consistent.


Right? Was there ever a time in your career when you felt invisible and, and how did you push through that season? Well, you were just talking about God, right? So those times when say, God, I've contributed, I've done, you know, I've tried to do good work all this time, why is nobody seeing it? Why is the continuum? So yeah, that happens. And then I have to have faith that this gift that was deposited in me, this purpose that was put into me what is not there for nothing and that the right vehicle will come.


Or perhaps maybe what God is saying, well, you need to do the right thing for your damn self. That's right. Because I've given you all kinds of talent to do so. So you know, whether or not I'm obedient to that, you know, we'll know maybe in our next conversation, but of course, And I get through it with, Hey, what up y'all? It's DEJ Envy. The first few months of 2025 have been quite a year. Work deadlines, group chats, you can't escape. And your weird cousins latest overshare. It's a lot. But here's some good news. You don't have to bring that stress into your car. The all new Nissan Murano is your piece on wheels, thanks to its available features. Imagine sliding into the relaxing, massaging seats that feel like they were made to melt your tensions.


Taking the skyline views that let sunlight pour in and watch as your day brightens. I have a special playlist that always gets me right. And with the Bows premium sound system, you too can vibe like you're at your own private concert. Plus with your 64 color personalized lighting option, you can set the mood any way you want. Be it romantic chill, or in a straight up do not disturb mode. Let the Nissan Murano be your oasis in a chaotic world because sometimes the greatest rush isn't rushing at all. Drive the all new Nissan Murano today. Panoramic, moonroof, ambient lighting, bows and massaging. Leather appointed seats are optional features.


Hey Fab, if you like me, you're thinking about how to level up in your career, maybe your fresh outta college just starting in your field, or even looking to switch things up and find your true calling. Whatever stage you're in, remember that this is your time to grow, to learn, and to build something that lasts. State Farm understands that early career development is key to long-term success. They've been a steady presence in our communities and they know that having the right support early on can make all the difference. State Farm is there to help you make smart moves and to help you get the coverage you need. We all know the journey to success is a marathon, not a sprint. It's about staying focused, staying grounded, and making sure you're protected every step of the way. Let's build our careers with confidence, knowing that State Farm is there to support us just like they've always been, because like a good neighbor, State Farm is there. Find out more at State Farm dot com.


Yo, up is it is Your boy Bohan And I'm bringing you something Epic. Epic. Introducing the K factor, the podcast that takes you straight into the heart of K-Pop. We're talking music reviews, exclusive interviews and deep dives into the industry like never before. From producers and choreographers to idols and trainees. We're bringing you the real stories behind the music that you love. And yeah, we're keeping it hundred. Discussing everything from comebacks and concepts to the mental health side of the business. Because K-Pop isn't just a genre, it's a whole world and we're exploring every corner of it. And here's the best part. Fans get to call in, drop opinions, and even join us live at events. You never know where we might pop a next. So listen to the KF Factor on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcast, or wherever you get your podcasts. This isn't just a podcast, it's a movement. Are you ready? Let's go, let's go. Let's Go.


Made For This Mountain is a podcast that exists to empower listeners to rise above their struggles. Break free from the chains of trauma and silence the negative voices that have kept them small. Through raw conversations, real stories and actionable guidance. You can learn to face the mountain that is in front of you. You will never be able to change or grow through the thing that you refuse to identify the thing that you refuse to say, Hey, this is my mountain, this is the struggle, this is the thing that's in front of me. You can't make that mountain move without actually diving into that May is mental health awareness month a time to conquer the things that once felt impossible and step boldly into the best version of yourself to awaken the unstoppable strength that's inside of us all. So tune into the podcast, focus on your emotional wellbeing and climb your personal mountain Because it's impossible for you to be the most authentic you. It's impossible for you to love you fully. If all you're doing is living to please people. Your mountain is that Listen to Made for this mountain on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts.


God, I get through it with my love of storytelling, my love of acting, of being a part of this phenomenon. Why wouldn't you be obedient to God telling you to make your own? Like what would even be the Hesitation? I don't think it's a hesitation of, I don't know if I should do it. It's the energetic activity of what it takes to do it. Mm mm And to sell it, to see it all the way through. That's why I'm saying Ryan Kler is just, is so inspiring. You know, because he went all around Africa to many, many countries before he did Black Panther, you know, researching. He researched the blues and all those.


So it Emini here. So it takes, it's me wanting to put forth all the energy effort layers that it takes in a craft that I haven't spent my life developing. Like acting, telling the story I, but creating the story, like taking a pen and putting it on paper. And I, I kind of always wanna be good at what I do. So the sloppy copy, I just feel like it Sloppy copy. Yeah. The sloppy copy might scare the outta me. You know what Emini here, like, oh my God, I can't do this. You know, like a blank page. So that's why it, it's not a brazen disobedience, it's more maybe a lack of confidence in that area.


Gotcha. Is there, is there a movie role that you turned down that after seeing the movie, it was like, damn, I shouldn't have turned that one down. I liked that movie. Or a part or a character. No, there were one or two that they didn't choose me for that I thought I should have done. But then, you know, you can never name those. Y'all are not, I would've did a way better job. They shoulda told me, you're not gonna rip me that. Oh no, no, no, no, no, we're not. We're gonna leave here. Which just, it's gonna be smooth sailing. Right. I seen a lot of people online comparing the role of Alicia to your lady may role. Mm. Have you seen that? And and how do you feel about those?


Compare Emini here? They can do what they want. Yeah. I think Alicia lady may they have a kingdom and they're not gonna lose it. You know, they have what they have. They're not gonna lose. Lady may would not pick up a gun and go kill somebody. She might pray you out of the church, but she wouldn't take someone's life. Lady May is a God-fearing woman who feels that putting her faith in God will help her do what she needs to do. Lady may had a longstanding love affair with her actual real husband, even though they had problems. So it was a much more organized family structure.


Alicia's out there on her own, divorced by herself, trying to make something of her son not having much faith in anything. So therefore, feeling like she's gotta take care of it all they have in common, that they're well groomed women. But I really pay more attention to the diversity in these women's emotional experiences. So for me, they're very different. Do you Feel you get the flowers you deserve for, for all the roles and the hits and the, the big movies and the big shows? Do you feel like you get the flowers that you deserve? Honestly, look, Look, well, let me say, I think I'm more in the market for like, because you know, flowers wilt die.


So I'm good with Emini here. I I understand when they say I want to give you your flowers, that's that's right here. I know, but you know, give me some diamonds, give me some things that stick, that continue to, to gain value. Appreciate that. And so classics, so an opportunity to do more films that, or stories that will be classics that will stick around after I'm long gone is what I want. I, you know, I still have stuff I want to do, you know. So the Black Critics Association honored me this year at their luncheon, not at their evening big gala. But it was beautiful at the luncheon.


'cause it's more intimate and people get Why Y'all ain't honor Ms. Whitfield at that dinner? No, no. Gil Gil don't, don't listen to that. No. Just the lunch. Come on Gil. Gil Theon. Just the brunch. Gil. No. 'cause people really talk real smack at the luncheon. They really, it's not so formal. I really, really enjoyed it. And I said something there that I really would not say probably at the gala, which is, I really don't feel comfortable when people say, you know, on your shoulders, I stand And I please don't stand on my shoulders. 'cause I need to be laying on my feet. Hmm. I'm not gonna be put in some corner and as long as I can just keep this way.


I heard that alt therapy and red light therapy really, you know, tightens skin. So as long as I can keep it, then I have so much I want to do. Yeah. You are aging like fine wine. Right. So what's the most misunderstood thing about being a woman who ages publicly in Hollywood? That there's some kind of n neutering thing that goes on, you know, where you don't think of women as sensual or sexual beings or real, you know, real women. It stereotypical things that begin to happen in terms of roles and casting and writing.


And that's what our black writers do it as well. It's not, it's not a white Hollywood thing where this happens. It just hap it and it's boring as it is really a boring Emini here. It Could be sexy, you can still be romantic. You don't have to grandmom me. You don't Have to auntie me. That's why I call you Ms. Whitfield. Because if I call you Lynn, But that's boring though. Yeah. But, but that's boring to Call me. You still got that everything, you still got the, the sexiness to Well, it's fun. That's why I said if I get this old therapy just keeping everything, the oath, the red light. So you, You wear a mask and now you put the mask on and the red light mask. And I, I have it. I don't do it as often as I should, but I'm going to because that would be the only thing, just keeping everything tight and Fabulous.


What is the energy about you? It's the energy that you have. It's the energy Stephanie Mills has. It's the energy, the energy. Alicia, police rash. Oh my god Lord. Yes. Yes. Angela. Angela Bassett. So that's it. I just think they do that. And that's boring. It is so, so boring. How they, the the stories that they write, how you, how you're perceived. Yeah. I get what you're saying. They, they, they wanna write you into parts that are, they think a older woman should be playing basically. Correct. Yes. Yeah. They want to write that in, you know, comfortable role. Everybody ain't got children. There are barren women. There are women who've never had children who are really interesting, who have a life. And even if you do have children, if people have lives separate from their kids and their husbands and their like appendage roles, I don't know.


I'm very just fascinated by interesting women who continue to be productive and have a life. And they do. And we do. So I don't like that. Hmm. Well we appreciate you for Joining us always. Thank you. Well you all thank you so much. Thank you. Season seven of the shot is streaming. Now Miss Lin Whitfield, thank you so much. You're quite welcome. Thank you breakfast for having me La And Morning everybody. It's DJ Vy Jess, Hilarious. Charlamagne the guy. We are The Breakfast Club. Let's get to the latest with Lauren. Lauren Becoming a straight face. She gets them from somebody That knows somebody. Well she gets into details. I'm the home girl that knows a little bit about everything.


She be having the latest on this Lord the latest with Lauren la. Sometimes you have facts, sometimes you have details. Sometimes she have a little bit of everything. Well, it's the latest on The Breakfast Club. Talk, talk to me. So the Kaitlyn Clark and Angel Reese banter is back again. I don't even know if it ever really left, but like it always heightens up whenever the two ladies are on the court together. So they're, yesterday they played the fever, played the sky, and the fever won 93 to 58. But during the game, 93 58 was the Score. Yeah. 93, 58. Jeez. The foul. So there was a foul that took place in the third quarter of the game. Andrew Reese and Kaitlyn Clark. So Caitlyn Clark, did you guys see this video?


Yes, I did. Saw the whole game. I was watching it in real time. Perfect. Okay, so that was Saturday by the Way. Saturday. Saturday. I'm so see my days is having me in court is kind of, I know, making me all over the face. But Ed out. Right. Whoa, whoa. Sorry. But anyway, so Caitlyn Clark Emini here. Angel Reese goes to make the, goes up to take a shot. Caitlyn Clark goes to stop her. But then they call it a foul. They call a foul. So they call a foul and they upgrade the foul. And just at its surface, like if you're not a person that just sits and watches basketball all the time, like me, I just saw the videos beginning to circulate And I'm like, yo, what was the issue? Why were they about to fight on the court? At first, when I watched it, I felt like that, I felt like, oh that was on purpose on Kaitlyn's behalf. And I'm like, why is she so upset?


She said that there isn't an issue. And then I went back and watched like some of the replays and I'm like, oh nah. She really was just trying to stop the ball from going Him a fab. They they, they upcharge it to a, a, a flagrant foul I believe. But it was just a regular foul. It was just a Hall fo it was a good basketball player. It was actually a good basketball play because Angel Reese had just pushed, I forgot which teammate from the Fever. She had just pushed. So Caitlyn was getting her teammates back. I ain't have a problem with it. Yes. That was great. Not At all. Well do you know that people turned it into a thing because there's been so much conversation around the ladies and race and who's better and who's not and this and that and the third. Oh yes. So Caitlyn Better. Better How though? Like when you say better, what do you mean better? Caitlyn Clark is clearly a better basketball player than named Re But you know what's crazy because I don't, but Ain Reese is a good player, but she just played two different positions.


Like, it's not even the same type of game. But there's always a conversation about you don't, y'all don't see that about who's better out of the two ladies, Caitlyn or Reese. I always thought A silly, Don't see that conversation anymore. Okay. Not anymore. Right, right. But in the beginning, yes. And I, I actually started to watch some of the clips because I wanted to determine for myself. And then I was like, oh, Caitlin is obviously really a, a great player. I don't know why they even had the conversation. Two different conversations. But Angel is amazing as well too. But anyway, they love to put the women against each other. So instantly that caught the headlines that caught social after the game. You know, they do their post game interviews. Caitlyn Clark actually addressed the situation. Let's take a listen. Let's not make it anything that it's not, I'm not sure what the ref saw to upgrade it.


And that's up to their discretion after watching the initial whatever happened during the play and then whatever happened after, you know, we watch a lot of basketball, you, it's a take foul to put them at the free throw line. I'd rather give up two points. You know, I've watched a lot of basketball in my life. That's exactly what it was. I wasn't trying to do anything malicious. That's not the type of player I am. So yes. Wasn't anything like that. And I went for the ball and it's clear as day in the, in the replay. You watch it, you know it shouldn't have been up upgraded. But again that's up to the ref's discretion. But I appreciate a ab having my back. I guess I don't even know what she did. I didn't see that. Yeah. What did Leah Boston get a technical for? Leah Boston didn't do nothing but break them Up. I was about to say she just jumped in and did what she should have done. Any normal person. That would've been your reaction if you're standing. Right. There was a get in between to separate the ladies And she's scored a triple double 2 20, 10 and 10.


So Katie Kiss busy. It was a good triple double. But that last rebound she got was whack. She was already on the bench and they bought her, I don't wanna hear none of y'all talk about Angel reta Pat no more. 2010. Okay. And the irony of her needing a rebound for a triple double, she was on the bench and came back in the game to get that rebound. So I don't want to hear y'all talking about Andrew re that pad no more. Okay. We saw Kailyn Clark blatantly Stat pad on Saturday. She did. She did. Yep. Right. That's period. Exactly. But they, but they, But they were just playing basketball. It wasn't a, I don't think it was anything malicious. They were playing basketball. She was going for the Ball's. It was, I thought the same. The Indiana people were gonna win it all this year. By the way, that was my pre prediction before the season, after I saw all the changes they made to their roster in the off season.


They're gonna win it all this year. Well, angel re spoke out too. It was really quick and you can't really hear her in the audio that we had. But she basically, she not basically she said basketball plays refs. It was a basketball play. The refs got it right. Let's move on. Basketball Play refs. Got it. Right on. This is good for the WNBA the first game of the season. Yes. I love it. You know what I'm saying? And everybody talking about ITing talking about Yes. Listen, I'm, I watch the WNBA. It's good for the game. It's good for the game. Nice. I agree because Pedro Reese And Kaitlyn clocked the rivalry is good for the game. It just is. Well in other news Tory Lanes, remember we talked about Tory up here and all the conversations that have been happening now there's Yep. A bunch of different, you know, people in anchors coming out and saying he it was unfair and he was railroaded and all these things.


Right. So there has been a change.org position, position petition created for Tori Lanes to help him come home. And there have been some celebrities that have been speaking out about it over the weekend. One of the major celebrities that that posted about it was Drake. Drake posted to his Instagram and he tagged the link of the change.org position Petition. Why? I keep saying position probably 'cause we just talking about basketball. No, 'cause you've been in that court with Diddy all week yo, about all different positions. You be really having to decompress Like this weekend I really tried to just like get it all out. Like, Hey yo Throw did And he wants what you put out on him too as well. No, we wants what you put Out.


Allegedly. Allegedly. Well Drake posted and he posted it to his Insta story. You could actually click the link to the change.org petition and it said at to lanes come home soon. In addition to Drake, you have a Ty Dolla sign that spoke out A Boogie Kodak Black posted, everyone sent prayers for this amazing human write and support him. Most importantly pray sign these p petitions to get him home. Yeah. Gilead posted. There's like now a whole movement because the people believe what a lot of these guys who are saying that they were working on op-eds or reached out to this person and that person are saying people feel like he should be coming home. How's he doing? The fact that he got stabbed 14 times. Did anybody get a, a update of of of how he's doing?


Yeah, we didn't get it. Oh my good. But yes, you gotta reach out. We, we did. Oh, she's Saying I didn't reach out because I worked for her. I'm, I'm my secretary. I'm her assistant. Alright. 'cause I be knowing where the news be going And I be telling you to do things and then don't happen. But anyway. Alright, I'll Do it. But anyway. Yeah. So Tory Lanez, there's been a report TMZ report exclusively that he is bouncing back big time after he was brutally stabbed. He says he's on the mend. He's feeling much better. They say that the rapper was transferred back to the prison hospital within the last few days after getting a treatment at a medical facility in California. And they're told that his condition has now stabilized and he's breathing on his own. He's able to talk and he's in fair condition at this time.


He is blessed. 14 times is insane. Yes. Where Is the guy who stabbed him? Well the guy that stabbed him In the same jail. Yes. Wait, is he in the just asking me or are you saying that the guy was in the same jail? No, I'm Saying like, is he in the same jail? Like what, what they gonna do with Him? That is a great point. Like what did they do with him after he just tried to stab Tory lanes? You don't keep him around Tory. That's the second time he's did done this before. Yeah, He's done this before too. He stabbed somebody in prison. In jail. Prison. Yes. He's in jail. He known for that. He was placed on restricted housing pending the outcome of the investigation that they're doing into the stabbing by prison officials. But no charges as of right now have been filed. What? All right. Well that is the latest with Lauren Charla Biden.


Yes. Who giving that don to Oh, we need Donald Trump Jr. To come to the front of the congregation. We like to have a word with him. Please. All right, We'll get to that next. It's The Breakfast Club. Good morning. Wake up. Wake up. You're locked into The Breakfast Club Charlamagne. Say the game dunk at other Charlamagne. You are a donkey. It's time for donkey. The today donkey of today does not discriminate. I might not have the song of today, bro. I got the donkey day. If you ever feel I need to be a donkey man with The Breakfast Club bitches who don't give today. Today. Well Ed Sharon Donkey today for Monday May 19th goes to Donald Trump Jr. Now if you haven't heard, president Joe Biden was diagnosed with an aggressive form of prostate cancer that is spread to his bones.


For more on that, let's go to M-S-N-B-C for the report please. Former President Joe Biden announcing he has been diagnosed with an aggressive form of prostate cancer. In a statement his office announcing Biden was seen last week for a new finding of a prostate nodule after experiencing increasing urinary symptoms on Friday, he was diagnosed with prostate cancer, which has spread to his bones. The cancer characterized with a Gleason score of nine, which medical experts say indicates the cancer cells are likely to grow and spread rapidly. His office noting while this represents a more aggressive form of the disease, the cancer appears to be hormone sensitive, which allows for effective management at 82.


Biden was the oldest sitting president when he left office in January, dropping outta the 2024 race amid concerns over his age and health. Oh, that wasn't M-S-N-B-C. That was Good Morning America. Listen, I don't care what your politics are, I'm no fan of Joe Biden, but I don't wish cancer in any form on anyone. Okay? You either sin healing energy or you don't. Anything else is pointless. Well, Donald Trump Jr. Decided to be pointless. Okay? He first reposted a message saying, politics aside, we wish a speedy recovery. He reposted that and put agree a hundred percent, but that lasted about three hours. Okay? Three hours later he posted this message. What I want to know is, how did Dr.


Jill Biden miss stage five metastatic cancer? Or is this yet another coverup? He wrote that as he reposted a message declaring from a doctor, it's highly likely that Biden was diagnosed as president and didn't tell the nation. Listen, full disclosure, I thought the same thing, but I'm not a doctor. Okay? I thought to myself, prostate exams are pretty common. I went to get a vasectomy consultation back in 2023 and ended up getting a prostate exam. Okay? I had my annual physical last week and they drew my blood for a prostate exam. So my point is, prostate exam's are pretty common. So I was just thinking to myself, how does a person who sees the doctor on the regular Mr. Early stages of prostate cancer, how is your first diagnosis aggressive and spread to the bone?


That's where my mind went. But once again, I'm not a doctor, okay? So I don't know. And the best thing when you don't know is just to shut the F up. Because when you don't know, when you ask questions that aren't coming from a good place or, or make statements that aren't coming from a good place, you end up sounding like Donald Trump Jr. First of all, Dr. Jill Biden, Biden's wife has a doctorate in education. Okay? She's not a medical doctor. So I could easily see why she would miss it because she's not a medical doctor. Checking for it. Okay, Dr. Jill Biden's educational doctorate is for those seeking leadership roles in education. Okay? That's what a a, a educational doctorate is for those seeking leadership roles in education.


And MD is a medical degree that prepares individuals to practice medicine and diagnose, treat and prevent diseases. That's the difference, okay? For anyone who like Donald Trump Jr. Doesn't know any better, okay? Donald Trump Jr. Thinks Dr. Dre can do knee surgery. Alright? Donald Trump Jr. Thinks Dr. Seuss was a licensed pediatrician. He also said, how do you miss stage five metastatic cancer? Metastatic means cancer that is spread. Well there is one problem with that statement. There is simply no such thing as stage five cancer. It doesn't go higher than four game. Okay? I know every oncologist in America screamed in unison like it was a horror movie when they heard that Stage four is the highest it goes.


There is no stage five cancer. This is not Dragon Ball Z. You don't just keep leveling up past the final boss. Okay? That's not how oncology works. Donald Trump Jr. Probably thinks Stage six is when the cancer starts voting Democrat. Okay? Don Jr. Probably thinks WebMD is a liberal conspiracy and that board certified just means someone is good at monopoly. Okay? Four is the highest it goes. Four is cancer that has spread through distant parts of the body for the record. Three is cancer that has spread through lymph nodes and nearby tissue. Two is cancer that has grown more deeply into nearby tissue. One is a small tumor that hasn't spread and zero is cancer cells found in their earliest forms. Come on, Donald Trump Jr.


If you're going to be nasty, at least be nasty in a somewhat smart way. Okay? The question you was asking is a valid one. All you could have just reposted this doctor you reposted and left it at that he reposted Dr. Steven Quay, I think his last name is who said prostate cancer is the easiest cancer to diagnose when it first starts and to watch it progress to bone ssis. I know I'm pronouncing that wrong. He said it would be malpractice for this patient to show up and first be diagnosed with metastatic disease in May, 2025. Okay? It is highly likely he was carrying a diagnosis of prostate cancer throughout his White House tenure. And the American people were uninformed about it.


It was perfectly fine. Donald Trump Jr. To repost that and leave it at that. Let everybody fuss and argue amongst themselves. But you decided to put some sauce on it and ended up sounding like a devil damn fool. Please give Donald Trump Jr. To big. He haw. You gonna shoot. You gotta shoot smartly. At least. At least. I didn't even know that Donald Trump had a a junior. Yeah, didn't, I didn't know that. I know he had a son. I just didn't know that Joe was a junior. It's crazy. Alright, well thank you for that donkey today, sir. Yes indeed. Now we're gonna open up the phone lines. Clear your mind. Clear your mind.


Clear your mind. 805 8 5 1 0 5 1. Have you ever lost a friendship because of a new relationship? Mm, that is the question. 805 8 5 1 0 5. That's why you waddling here just now. I I'm not waddling Taylor. Happy belated borne Taylor. Thank You. Now Taylor, one of our producers who is, is pregnant right now. She has, is it Most pregnant to you Taylor? Seven. About to go. Yes. Salute the big P. Yeah, They, they hating on you 'cause you got a little birthday, so none you, 'cause you done started a family. So what happened? Taylor? What happened? Taylor? Oh, who are these Hoes? So I can go blast them right now? Put these hoes on. Blast Taylor. Who are they? Alright, so a long story short, I had a friend, long time friend who once I got into this relationship, and especially 'cause I got pregnant so fast, she was not that supportive from the jump And I think more so Peyton as Heffer.


Yeah. But I think more so because she's Single. That's Yeah. Yeah. So y'all used to go out, y'all used to do things together. Y'all used to go on vacations and trips and go to brunches and the clubs and go see Kendrick Lamar together. And now you don't take her, you take your boo. Yeah, She fills Your way. You should. But I think she, And I think it was just more so she didn't like the change of it. And from that, she, it all happened when he wanted to throw me a surprise party and how she, we ain't Got time for him to, because usually she throws the party. But now he goes to come in there and, and, and jump on what she usually does. And yeah, he wanted to pick the DJ and where the venue was and the colors to doing all that.


We Don't care about them. Single family lists have 800 crazy 5 85 1 5 1. Have you ever lost a friend because of your new relationship? Now you got a new boo and people don't know how to act no more. Go. Has this happened to you? You damn right. You gonna tell your story when you come back? Yes. There's a bunch of clowns out there. Okay. Right. All right, we'll get to it. Next is The Breakfast Club. Good morning. The Breakfast Club man. It's topic time. Call 805 8 5 1 0 5 1 to join into the discussion with The Breakfast Club. Morning everybody. It's DJ Envy.


Jess Hilarious. Charlemagne the guy. We are The Breakfast Club. Now if you are just joining us, we'll open up the phone line (800) 585-1051. And we're asking, have you ever lost a friendship because of a new relationship? Taylor, our producer, came in here and said that one of her closest friends is really not her close friend anymore because she got a new boo. Taylor Left this out 'cause I know she got pregnancy brain, so I'm gonna say it. Why was, alright, so Taylor's boy.


Hey, What up y'all? It's Ste J Envy. The first few months of 2025 have been quite a year. Work deadlines, group chats, you can't escape. And your weird cousin's latest overshare. It's a lot. But here's some good news. You don't have to bring that stress into your car. The all new Nissan Murano is your piece on wheels, thanks to its available features. Imagine sliding into the relaxing, massaging seats that feel like they were made to melt your tensions. Take in the skyline views that let sunlight pour in and watch as your day brightens. I have a special playlist that always gets me right. And with the Bos premium sound system, you too can vibe like you're at your own private concert. Plus with your 64 color personalized lighting option, you can set the mood any way you want. Be it romantic chill, or in a straight up do not disturb mode. Let the Nissan Murano be your oasis in a chaotic world because sometimes the greatest rush isn't rushing at all. Drive the all new Nissan Murano today. Panoramic moon roof, ambient lighting, bows and massaging. Leather appointed seats are optional features.


Hey fam, if you're like me, you're thinking about how to level up in your career. Maybe you're fresh outta college, just started in your field or even look at to switch things up and find your true calling. Whatever stage you're in, remember that this is your time to grow, to learn, and to build something that lasts. State Farm understands that early career development is key to long-term success. They've been a steady presence in our communities and they know that having the right support early on can make all the difference. State Farm is there to help you make smart moves and to help you get the coverage you need. We all know the journey to success is a marathon, not a sprint. It's about staying focused, staying grounded, and making sure you're protected every step of the way. Let's build our careers with confidence, knowing that State Farm is there to support us just like they've always been because like a good neighbor, State Farm is there. Find out more@stateforum.com.


Yo key up is it's your boy Bohan and I'm bringing you something epic. Epic. Introducing the K factor, the podcast that takes you straight into the heart of K-Pop. We're talking music reviews, exclusive interviews and deep dives into the industry like never before. From producers and choreographers to idols and trainees. We're bringing you the real stories behind the music that you love. And yeah, we're keeping it a hundred. Discussing everything from comebacks and concepts to the mental health side of the business. Because K-Pop isn't just a genre, it's a whole world and we're exploring every corner of it. And here's the best part. Fans get to call in, drop opinions, and even join us live at events. You never know where we might pop up next. So listen to the K factor on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts. This isn't just a podcast, it's a movement. Are you ready? Let's go, let's go. Let's go.


Made for This Mountain is a podcast that exists to empower listeners to rise above their struggles. Break free from the chains of trauma and silence the negative voices that have kept them small. Through raw conversations, real stories and actionable guidance. You can learn to face the mountain that is in front of you. You will never be able to change or grow through the thing that you refuse to identify. The thing that you refuse to say, Hey, this is my mountain, this is the struggle, this is the thing that's in front of me. You can't make that mountain move without actually diving into that. May is mental health awareness month a time to conquer the things that once felt impossible and step boldly into the best version of yourself to awaken the unstoppable strength that's inside of us all. So tune into the podcast, focus on your emotional wellbeing and climb your personal mountain Because it's impossible for you to be the most authentic you. It's impossible for you to love you fully if all you're doing is living to please people. Your mountain is That listen to Made for this mountain on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts or wherever you get your podcasts.


I was trying to give her a surprise gender reveal party. And the damn best friend told Taylor about the surprise because she didn't have nothing to do with planning it and tweeted Taylor having a son. Y'all no need to come. That is not what she did. Really? She already a clown. Don't make a clown. Wow. Clown. Okay. Yeah, that that would've been so petty if she would've did that. But she told the girl about the damn surprise. That's just a petty, yeah. So then you know, that didn't discourage Taylor's boyfriend. So he was like all, you know what we that made Taylor mad, he still reached out to the friend. Like, all right, look, I don't know why you told her about it, but I, I made it seem like I canceled it, but I'm still gonna have it. We just gonna change the date and And you can still come and everything. Why she hit Taylor and told her again, she is a Clown.


That's what I said. She was never your friend. She wanted you. Damn. She was So this is the problem. She, she was so used to having access to Taylor because she wanted Taylor to be that same single lonely girl went back when Taylor didn't know her worth. That's right. When she was a single lonely ass girl. Yes. And he had talking about f these niggas F these and you know what I'm saying? And was hurt. Really wanted a man. Yes. Really wanted a family. And I Helped Taylor. Yes. Get to where she at today. That is true. You helped her. You be up. Yes. Fill Me Up. That is true. Exactly. But Nfy, no Thena song. No. And we gotta make sure Taylor ain't out here living a little stud life. You know what I'm saying? Exactly. Because now that she got in her bull, her family previous, her previous stuff like this, She was, she was all over the place.


No dabbing in everything. How we know this was just a friend. Exactly. You know, you Saying she's hurt because she had feelings. Yes. Maybe. Maybe Taylor promised to something else Up the box. Taylor Was like, no. Then she shut, open up the box. She opened up the box. She may have, you know, because it was a lot of things Taylor was going through when I came around. Oh wow. Well Listen, and Taylor did change the girl's name in her phone. The state property. Crazy. I don't know what that means. Wow. Yeah. I don't know. Hello? Who's this? What? Good morning. It's Kiki. Kiki. Do you love me? What's up Kiki? Talk to us. Good morning. Well, I'm calling because I had this friend, she got pregnant first. She lost her baby daddy and I became pregnant. I had to drive an hour away for something I hosted for the baby.


And I had a flat. My man said, do not go until you get that flat thing. So I became late and after that I got this whole text message of why I'm not a good friend And I don't need that. She doesn't need my help anymore. Well, 10 years later passed by. She has a family now and now she's trying to rekindle the friendship. I just feel like at the time she didn't, you know, she lost her baby father. She saw that I had a family and doing things. She just didn't agree with it. Yeah. Now that she has a family, now she's trying to come back around. Mm. How you feel about that? Stay over there. I, yeah, I kind of feel like I did everything. I put that baby, baby shower together when you lost someone And I needed you there for me.


And it's like, how do I even introduce my kids now? Yeah. Like how do we Do that? It wouldn't be so bad if she didn't let 10 years go past Emini here. Damn Emini here. I understand the frame of mind that she must have been in losing her child's dad and everything like, and everything. It was fresh. And you know, you, you don't, nobody ever expects for that to happen. She had to do it on her own and everything. But to let 10 years go past. That's weird. That's crazy. Then pop up like hey. Yeah, like, hey I'm I, I got what I want now. So now we can align again. Nah, that's not how it go. That's Very crazy. Thank you for your call, Kiki. So the question is 805 8 5 1 0 5 1. You ever lost a friendship because of a new relationship? That is the question. Call us up now is The Breakfast Club. Good morning.


If y'all talking about it, you know we talking about it. It's topic time. Call 805 8 5 1 0 5 1 to join into the discussion with The Breakfast Club. Morning everybody. It's DJ NV Jess. Hilarious Charlamagne ne guy. We are The Breakfast Club. Now if you're just joining us, we're asking have you ever lost a friendship because of a new relationship. Now this conversation comes from our producer Taylor, who recently just found out that her friend really wasn't her friend. Yep. You wanna break it down? What Happened? Yes. She was a jealous clown trying to sabotage the situation. She was acting like she didn't like Pat. At one point she had told Taylor like, I'm just trying to protect you. Like I don't really like, like who he is. Like I gotta feel him out more. And it's like, damn.


Like, 'cause it, she felt like, 'cause it happened so fast for Taylor and this is something that she's been wanted. You know what? Emini here. So that happens though, that that actually does happen. I hope Taylor don't ever plan to be friends with this young lady ever again. That's absolutely After the Day. It was a wrap. Taylor tried. She tried. She tried and she tried and she again, she the girl again and again proves how jealous she is. And so Taylor don't want nothing to do with it no More. I she say that now until that girl go that baby registry and ball out. That's what's gonna happen. That friend gonna go to Taylor's baby registry and ball out. Then what? Then we gotta be Our friend. Hello. Who's this? Good morning. Lolo's on the line with us though. Now it says you've been on, it says you've been on both ends Of what?


Excuse me, Paul. Yes. I both ends. I've been a friend that cut somebody off and I've been a friend that got cut off. But now y'all have added a much more context to the story. Like before with the intro it wasn't, we didn't know about the baby shower and all that. So Yeah, maybe she really not a friend. I was gonna say, well maybe cut her some slack. How long have y'all been friends? Because you gotta look at it from the objective And I don't have any feelings for Taylor. So I would be looking at it from like an outside perspective, right? From both sides. Yeah, it Was a gender but now it was a Gender reveal baby shower information. Yeah, no, she kinda, yeah, I think she might be jealous Taylor And you might No, no it it was a gender reveal, not a baby shower. Yeah. Yeah, it was A gender reveal. Oh Yeah, the gender reveal.


Well, whichever, however. Either one. Yeah, that was kind of both. What about them both? What about them both? Potentially maybe being studs. That shit was never a stud Saying that. No, I was just giving you more Context. Hold on. Listen. Is there some things you wanna clear up before we get Up outta here? Yes. First of all, that whole state property stopped. You said you had her in her phone at the state process. No I did not. Ladies. No I did not. What about the stunt talk happened? I never studded nothing like that. Anything little princess. I will be a pillow princess. But that, that didn't happen either. You see what, what I'm saying? Never happened With this girl right here the same. That never happened. No. Nothing of that ever Happened. No. Clear it up. That's All. That's all you wanna clear Out. Now what if she goes to the Emini here?


What if she go to your baby registry and ball out date? You don't have it. God damn you calling her bro. Yes. God. Taylor, you know what, I love it. That was bad call. You just said Like I didnt give it to her. Like Yeah We Fell off before. I was trying to give her time to get it together 'cause I told her she owes him an apology and she just kept dragging it out. It's been, dang like six months or so. Yeah. How long are y'all friends? Like Eight years. Damn. So she's a financially challenged family list hip. I did not say that. I did Not say that. That is crazy. Yeah. Yeah. She just dragged out And I was So She texted you today and said look, my bad, I wanna pop. No, She's blocked no Damn period.


Oh sorry friend. Damn. What's the moral of the story? The moral of the story is Man Taylor be stunting on you ho. Ever since Taylor got her a man and got pregnant, she don't care about none of you. Family list Effortless. Okay. You little single ass family. Listless, she looks down on y'all period. Okay. Period. She looks down on y'all. I just want y'all to know that judging even the ones that work up here. Okay. Just letting you know. Just letting you know. I'm just letting you know. Okay. Yes. You know who you are. You know who you are. Oh My goodness. And she has done the self work. You've done a lot of work coming to me every week. Right. Taylor, go ahead let him speak in the mic. You've done that Works once I got closer the guide and everything else too.


And No, that is true. Taylor did. Taylor did go on her spiritual journey. I remember she said this had some change ago. Okay. And I get honest with myself about like what I want and everything else. So, And I met Patrick, So. So all you lying ass single family list heifers, get honest with yourself. Okay? I wrote a book about it. Get honest to Die lying. Okay. Charmaine, why you? Why you, why your relationship sucks. They're not gonna read the book. Everything turns to a damn promo. Aint nobody going Buy the book. And then after you buy the book, go to my car show And then buy tickets for the show. You gotta do It all. But guess what? You know what you didn't do? You didn't tell 'em to buy that book. Real life, real family. 'cause they don't got none.


Exactly. Now. Exactly Now. Because they don't have a family. They don't have any kids. Exactly. Now. Now Real life, real families out. But real life, real love. Might be able to help get their Stuff now. Now what's up. But I'll have it at the call show if you don't get it. But anyway, lakes with Lauren's up next at The Breakfast Club. Good morning. The Breakfast Club Morning everybody. It's DJ Envy. Jess. Hilarious. Charlemagne the guy. We are The Breakfast Club. Let's get to the latest with Lauren. Lauren becoming a straight face Out man. She gets them from somebody that knows somebody. She gets into Details. I'm the home girl that knows a little bit about everything and She be having the latest on this, the the latest with Lauren la.


Sometimes you have facts, sometimes you have details. Sometimes she have a little bit of everything. What's the latest on The Breakfast Club? Talk to me. Well, in good news, I wanted to send a congratulations out to Jasmine Brown. Jazzy comedian. Jazzy Watch. Jazzy. That's my girl. Yes. Watch Jazzy. She announced over the weekend that they are expecting their second child together. Oh, she was at P Preakness And I, I forgot that that was this weekend. Yep, yep, Yep. Shout out to Preakness out there at Baltimore City. My city at the Pimlico Racetrack, we have Preakness every, every May. So yeah, it was real big and shout out to Governor Westmore and the first lady, Dawn Moore, for putting on a lot of the events from the 10th to the 17th.


Yeah. Preakness was real big. It was a lot of people there, but she was there. Everybody but go ahead. Yeah, no, no, go ahead. She was there with it. It was a ton of names and she looked amazing. She's in yellow. She posted a baby bump and she was like, you know, we doing prick. It's the mom and dad edition. Yes. Where she revealed her baby bump. So sending her Congratulations. Congratulations. Her Chevy and then Emini here. The news takes a turn because it always just does. Yes, just does. Over the weekend there was also video circulating of Antonio Brown got into a a, a fight and there was gunshots that were let off. He was detained by police over the weekend at a fight. He was at a fight. He was at a Aidan Ra Aidan Ross Bo boxing event. So backstory of what people are alleging happened.


So him, there was him and a guy. There's a guy who spoke out, his name is Z Kian. I'm, I'm probably saying that wrong. You guys will remember this guy because he's the man who got, remember the guy who did the Palestine protest during the Super Bowl? Oh yeah. Remember ran, he ran up there and they had to like come and grab him. Oh yeah, yeah. During Kendrick's set. So that guy is coming out saying that he's the person that got into it with Antonio Brown. But basically Antonio Brown was there. The video goes viral of him in like this scuffle with a bunch of different people and you hear gunshots go off. He was then, after the gunshots were off, he was then detained by police. But he was shortly released after and people were trying to figure out where the gunshots came from because there is video, multiple videos of this event.


And a lot of the reports were saying that you could allegedly see a gun in his left hand as he was running. But nothing that has been confirmed. So Antonio Brown had to come out and try and clear it up. He said that the boxing event that happened, he was jumped by multiple individuals who tried to sell his jury and cause physical harm to him. He says contrary to some of the video circulating. 'cause he does look like he is like, just like going off for no reason in the videos, there's A couple people look like they hitting Him. Yes, but he's, yes, he's going off police. He said police temporarily detained him and they received his side of the story. And then he was released. He said he went home that night. He wanted to make it clear he was not arrested. He plans to be taking legal action and pressing charges on the individual individuals that jumped him. And he's gonna keep people posted step by step.


And people were wondering, okay, so you're saying that you were robbed but there were gunshots that went off. What happened? So this man, Zu Koran did an interview with TMZ and he gave some backstory on what he is alleging happened. Let's take a listen. What exactly started it? Did you give him a look? Was there like Any indication? No. When we saw, listen, I spent 40 days in the Dubai jail because we were out there for Floyd me weather fight. He tried to defraud me out of a multi penant that I designed And I was trying to go talk to, well I was going to talk to Floyd about being an ambassador. Long story short, he gave me something to hold. But then he backdoored and called the police on me and then got me locked up. Three years later it came to a head at this Aidan Ross event.


He went, got a gun, Ryan, wild, wild gunfire and a hundred And I was spare. And so he tried to steal off on me and then he went, got a gun shot, wildfire, and we fight. He shot at me twice. Praise me though. Lie wasn't hit. He runs into me after he shooting me. We tussling for the gun, fighting for the gun. We both get up off the ground. When I looked up, the police is pointing the gun at us. The sheriff is pointing the gun at us. That's when I throw my hands up. He runs inside and that's when they run after him. Damn. Now in the video, like there's multiple and because people were live and they were streaming, they were doing all the things right. 'cause there's a lot of young kids there. There's one video that reports are pointed to where you hear the person recording being like he, that you literally hear them say he has a gun, he has a gun.


Boom. The shots go off and then everybody starts to scramble in the statement I just read to you guys, AB does not address the the gunshots a gun or anything of that nature. And there has been no updates on where the shots came from, from actual law enforcement. But yeah, crazy scruffle. It was so many people outside too, because it's Aiden Ross. So everybody was there. So it could have turned really, really bad. But, You know, one thing I was thinking about when I saw all of this, what, what, what happened to all that money that AB raised for that man that was lying about being at a job in, he dropped his kids off McDonald. Oh wow. I don't know. Yeah, we just be letting things just go. What happened to all that money? What was the man's name? 'cause he said he was gonna give it back Name Was Chris McDonald. Chris McDonald. I don't Know if he ever even got it. No, his name wasn't Chris McDonald.


I forgot what his name was. Remember he said he was gonna give it back if it wasn't like true. I could reach out to I'm, I'm gonna look the, I Just wonder what happened. Chris, Chris Lewis was his name. That's the guy who who, who allegedly walked his three kids from his apartment to McDonald's and left them while he was on a job interview. But then the police said he wasn't on a job interview and Antonio Brown raised all that money for him. I just wonder what happened to all that money. Mm, I'm trying to find it. The GoFundMe's still up because Wow, I didn't even think about that. Well, he got a lot more to worry about right now. But he didn't say he was gonna give it back if, if it came that the story wasn't true. He was trying, ab was trying to do something good there. But yeah. Happy birthday to Malcolm X is his birthday. Yes. Would've been what? A hundred? Yeah. Today. Hundred years old.


I don't know why those two, putting it together. Just sitting ab Then Malcolm X is just, I I people, I I don't like people say that he would've been a hundred maybe. Oh Well, Oh you mean like you don't know if he would've lived to actually been a Hundred? No, but yes, today is his birthday. His Birthday. That's right. All right, well that is the latest with Lauren. Thank you. Lauren's off the court. She'll fill us in with everything that happened today with the Diddy trial. Yes. Okay. Alright. The People's Choice mixes up next. It's The Breakfast Club. Good morning, you Are checking out The Breakfast Club. Morning Everybody. It's DJ Envy. Jess. Hilarious. Charlamagne the guy. We are The Breakfast Club. Now we gotta salute to Lin Whitfield. Miss Lin Whitfield for joining us this morning. She Look good. How Miss Lin Whitfield is about what?


78 72 gotta be. Man, that lady Big 72 years Old. That's right. She has, she's on season seven of the Shy and you can check that out on Paramount Plus. Yes man, it's Luther Lin Winfield, amazing woman. She is. And also I want to tell people, man, tomorrow is the big day Don Staley. Uncommon Favor Basketball North Philly. My mother and the life lessons I learned from all three will be available everywhere you buy books. Okay. So your bookstores, your Amazons, you know, wherever you buy your books, uncommon Favor will be in bookstores tomorrow. So make sure you go grab that copy available via black Privileged publishing. Simon in Schuster. That's And shout out to ac. I did Atlantic City over the weekend and it was amazing man.


A lot of our producers came out. Lauren came, she bought her mom. Taylor came and bought. You know her boyfriend who she got a good family by. She ain't gonna let nobody mess it up. Right. Alright, good. And it was just amazing man to see everybody. Oh, I had jokes about Lauren. Lauren was the loudest one in there. She was cracking up laughing. Yo, she, she had a little, she came down before the show And I gave her some shots. 'cause you know that's all she came down there for. Yes sir. But but What were some of the jokes? Well you don't have to tell us the joke, but what were the jokes? Entailing. I Bought my job and hers Now. Oh, nothing to do with her wig or No, because her wigs don't bother me. They bother you. Don't With me if she's not currently wearing a wig, yo. They are taping.


Okay. Okay. Taping extensions. I don't even Know what that is. Ain't tell that exactly. Go do your Googles and then come back and talk about it tomorrow. But this weekend I'm gonna be in Connecticut. Mashing Tuckett, get your tickets for Foxwood Casino. Foxwoods Casino. I'll be there this Friday. And then Saturday I'll be in Boston, Massachusetts at the Wilbur Theater. Me and my brother Desi Alexander, get your tickets if you have not yet. Jess. Hilarious official.com Yo. Kelsey's amazing. Kelsey was Five. You go for brunch. Kelsey was amazing. Yes. I went for the brunch on Saturday. Yo, this is the thing. He shut down. He shut it down for me. I got there a little late and you know they closed at two and they opened up at four. So he was like, yo, you can come between two and four. Why? It was people lined up. They was mad 'cause they was like, we CRN that we want the four yo people really wanted.


Kelsey's there is Every Weekend kept coming in. Yep. They had to like shit like, yo, y'all can't come in until four. They was like, no. The lady came and she sat there. She said, well I guess I'm taking my food to go. Like she was serious. Some bad people was not playing. So shout out to Kelsey's man. Yes. Shout out to them now. Charlamagne, you Got a positive note. I do. And it's a old D but goodie from the great Maya Angelou. You may not control all the events that happen to you, but you can decide not to be reduced by them. Have a great day. Breakfast Club bitches. Do y'all finish or y'all done?


We went from normal life, healthy child to a acute lymphoblastic leukemia or B cell a LL. The St. Jude team came up to get CJ via ambulance. It was a little bit of a scary drive. There was a time where the storms were really heavy. Shortly after that I noticed a rainbow. It meant that there was hope. We were driving into hope. St. Jude gave us a hope that we didn't know was possible. I truly can't even imagine not having St. Jude in our lives. I Knew that it was really bad And I had a lot of Questions, but I knew that everything was gonna be okay. St. Jude saved everything that matters to us. I don't know that we'd have CJ without them. I am beyond grateful. My hopes are I could work with St. Jude. To have hope is to have St. Jude. To have hope is to have your child healthy. And we have that because of St. Jude. You can help kids by childhood cancer. Please become a St. Jude partner in Hope today by visiting music gives.org.


Hey, it's Jay Shetty and I'm bringing my first ever on purpose live tour to Washington DC on May 21st. Presented by Chase Sapphire Reserve. Join me in surprise guest from meaningful and insightful conversations to spark learning, experience, growth, and build real connections. Chase Sapphire Reserve card members can redeem their chase ultimate rewards points for VIP packages. To meet me before the show or visit Jay sheddy.me forward slash tour to get your tickets.


I always had to be so good no one could ignore me. Carve my path with data and drive. But some people only see who I am on paper. The paper ceiling, the limitations from degree screens to stereotypes that are holding back over 70 million stars. Workers skilled through alternative routes rather than a bachelor's degree. It's time for skills to speak for themselves. Find resources for breaking through barriers@taylorpaperceiling.org. Brought to you by Opportunity at Work and the Ad council.


I've seen a lot of stuff over 30 years. You know, some very despicable crime and, and things that are kind of tough to wrap your head around. And this, this ranks right up there in the pantheon of Rhode Island fraudsters. I've always been told I'm a really good listener, right? And I maximized that while I was lying. Listen to Deep Cover The Truth about Sarah on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts,


You're listening to an iHeartPodcasts.