
Life is an act of constant reinvention that's true for you and for cause. Nissan Reimagined the all new kicks around you. The Bowles Personal plus sound system with speakers in the headrest keeps you in the groove while the Nissan Safety Shield 360 technologies keep you safe. If Nissan invented the kicks, you can reinvent yourself. Drive the all new Reimagined Nissan Kicks today. Available features compatible device service and consumer activation of Nissan Connect Services. Package required use only when safe and legal subject to third party service availability. For more information, see Nissan usa.com/connect/legal. Apple CarPlay is a trademark of Apple Link. Intelligent all-wheel drive cannot prevent collisions or provide enhanced traction in all conditions. Always monitor traffic and weather conditions.


Taking control of your career is empowering. Just don't tell my boss I said that. Building a career just isn't about a job. It's about creating a path that impacts our community and future generations. Whether you're starting out or making big moves, State Farm is here to support you with resources to help protect what you're working hard to achieve. They've got your back every step of the way because like a good neighbor State Farm is there. Find out more at State Farm dot com.


Hey everybody, it's your favorite play cousin Junior from the Steve Harvey Morning show. You know, the Toyota Tundra and Tacoma are designed to outlast and outlive, backed by Toyota's legendary reputation for reliability. So get in a tundra. With available I force Max Hybrid Engine, delivering exceptional torque and towing capacity. Or check out a Tacoma with available off-road features like crawl control. It can take you beyond the trails. Toyota trucks are built to last year after year, mile after mile. So don't wait. Get yours today. Visit buy a toyota.com for deals and more. Toyota, let's go places.


Bring Spring to your door. With Target Circle 360. Get all you need for Easter hosting Spring get togethers and more with unlimited same day delivery through Target. Circle 360 from Easter basket goodies to fresh florals. Getting everything the same day is easy. Open the Target app and bring the magic of the season to your door with unlimited same day delivery through Target Circle 360. Visit target.com/circle or the Target app for more details. Subscription required same day delivery is subject to terms, applies to orders over $35.


Good morning, us a yo yo, yo, yo, Yo, yo, yo, yo, yo, yo, yo, yo, yo, yo, yo, yo, yo, yo, yo, yo, yo, yo yo, yo Yo, yo yo, yo yo. Just hilarious. Good morning. Charlemagne The guy. Peace to the planet. Guess what day it is? Guess what day it is? Home Day. Good morning. How y'all feel out there? I feel blessed Black and Holly favored. Happy to be here another day to serve our beautiful listeners. Good morning. That's right. It's Wednesday, hump day, mid of the week. How you feeling, Jess? I'm Feeling good. I'm a little mad at somebody that I know yesterday who asked me a crazy question. So, you know, I just had a baby. And shout out to Marley, she's about to be eight months. She's seven. Congrats. I know, right? Don't look nothing like you. Excuse me. Nothing. So what, so, so what? You know how somebody catch up with you, how the baby been baby is great outta nowhere.


Let me ask you a question. Oh, What Would be your stance? Like, what would you do if Marley felt like she grows up and she felt like she was born in the wrong body? Emini. Here. Shut up, man. I swear. Shut the hell up, man. And this is They setting you up. One Of my friends, They be setting you up. She was taping you. Yeah. I Swear she was taping you. So I was like, what? I don't wanna know how you answered that Exactly. I would've said, I used to identify as your friend And I would hang up. Pissed me Allo I, yo. And it was, I ain't seen this girl in so long, and she was just so happy. Now I'm starting to think, I don't know who, who are you? Like what, what? You know what I'm saying? That's crazy. Nancy trying to conflate two narratives. Like she knows she wanna talk about the dude baby, but then she wanna talk about old stuff. Leave me alone. Right, Exactly.


I'm like, damn, I ain't seen you so long. That was the second question that she asked. She didn't even ask like, how's the baby doing or anything? She's like, oh, lemme see. The baby took a picture and then she Emini here. I showed her the picture, and then she's like, let me ask you a question. And then got into that. I'm like, oh, oh Lord. I'm Done. I'm done. Should have said, what would Trump do? That's what she said. Exactly. What would Trump Do? What Trump say. Exactly. Oh my goodness. That's funny. All right, well, let's get the show Crack. We got some special guests joining us today, Man. One of my favorite entrepreneurs will be here. Larry Morrow. Yeah. Larry Morrow. Hey, if you don't know, he is a huge entrepreneur out in New Orleans. L Louisiana. Come on. He owns a, a bunch of businesses, a bunch of restaurants, a bunch of nightclubs. A good brother. So Larry Morrow will be joining us if You, if you touch down in New Orleans, they going to tell you, they gonna direct you to about four or five spots.


I guarantee you they all Larry's spots. Monroe. Yep. Monroe Steakhouse Mondays. What else You got? There's Sun Chung. There's hiding seat. There's Tree House. There's, And he, and he's got a new spot. Murro Steak. Yes. Spicy Mango. Spicy Mango opening. So we gonna kick it with Larry and then also Kerry Hilson will be joining us. Carrie Sen, We haven't seen her in a long time. 15 years. She haven't put out an album in 15 years. Yeah. So she got a new project dropping called, we Need To Talk. It comes out April 18th, I believe, Right? Yeah. Saying she's gonna be talking What, what kept her away for 15 years. So Carrie Hilson will be joining us next hour. All right, well, let's get the show Crack. And we got front page News. Morgan gonna be here. It's The Breakfast Club. Good morning. Morning everybody. It's DJ Envy.


Jess. Hilarious. Charlamagne the guy. We are The Breakfast Club. Let's getting some front page news. Good morning, Morgan. Start that with your girl. Hey, start front page news. Yeah. Hey. Okay. Good morning y'all. How you Wednesday? How y'all feeling? Good morning. Good morning. See, I got that Wednesday vibe. I'm here. Okay, so the Supreme Court, let's get into it, y'all. The Supreme Court, another big win for President Trump at the Supreme Court, he is, well, excuse me, the Supreme Court is siding with President Trump over firings of thousands of federal workers. The high court ruled Tuesday that the Trump administration can proceed with the termination of 16,000 probationary employees. The workers were let go across six agencies and departments associated, of course, with the government.


And the lower court had ruled that the workers would be instated as legal challenges proceeded. But the Supreme Court's ruling resends that order. So all those people who were probationary employees terminated by all of those different agencies. Yes. That, that, that will stand. Why Do we keep acting like that's not Donald Trump's court? Like why do we keep acting? Why do we, why do people hold out hope and faith that the Supreme Court is gonna do the right thing When Donald Trump is the he, he built that court damn near he Did. He, he sure Did. Heck, there's a sixth conservative majority, and he put three of those people on the court. He, they already gave him presidential immunity. Emini here. Like what else? What, what makes us think that the Supreme Court is ever gonna do the right thing?


So, so let me ask you. They are, let me ask you, Morgan. So all those people, when they ask people to send an email back of the jobs that they were doing and the people that said they weren't gonna do it, and those are the people that's gonna get let go. If they are probationary, if they've been with the agency or whatever agency they were with, you know, beyond the probationary period, then that's a different case. But those probationary employees, the ones who pay pretty much were within the first 90 days of their job, unfortunately they will not be able to Wow. Keep their jobs. Yeah. So damn Sad. Yes. Thousands of people will be impacted by that. And other political news, yesterday on Tuesday, president Trump gave a keynote address at the annual National Republican Congressional Committee. And he's standing on 10 when it comes to tariffs.


Okay? In fact, he said they're helping. Let's take a listen to President Trump. Many countries have, they've ripped us off left and right, but now it's our turn to do the ripping. That's okay. We're gonna make our country even stronger, stronger than it ever was. And I really think we're helped a lot by the tariff situation that's going on. Which is a good situation. Not a bad, it's great. It's gonna be legendary. You watch legendary in a positive way. I have to say, He went on and say he thinks the war with The World is not one at all, because the countries are coming to the US adding that Japan is already on the way. Not to mention the additional 50% tariffs on imported Chinese goods that were, that went into effect at midnight, as in hours ago.


And posing a 104% tariff. Now, And in case you missed it, China announced retaliatory tariffs against the US with Trump promising to raise duties against the country if they didn't remove the tariffs. Now, Trump also added that China, if that until China is ready to deal, that is what's going to be, he added that he felt, excuse me, he felt the, what he calls legendary tariffs will help the GOP win midterms. In a thundering landslide. Now, press secretary or white Health press, not if the economy keep going the way that is going, it's always about the economy. So if he thinks that he's, he's bugging unless he knows something that we don't know, remember if the economy keeps going the way it's going right now, no way, Jose.


Not that I have any favor in the Democrats, but No, no, but he claims, you know, it's gonna hurt a little bit and, and then things will ease up. But, you know, press Secretary Caroline Levitt also, right? We all do. Right? She touted the tariffs saying The World is clearly responding to President Trump's approach. We just talked about China's reaction. But Levitt also noted that Israeli Prime Minister, Benjamin Netanyahu, pledged to eliminate the US trade deficit with Israel. So let's take a listen to White House press Secretary Caroline Levitt. American economic surrender is over. President Trump is no longer going to allow American workers and companies to be ripped off at the hands of foolish trade practices that shipped away millions of high paying jobs and hollowed out communities across the country.


So Levit also added that 70 other countries have reached out to begin trade negotiations. Of course, meanwhile, wall Street has seen three straight down sessions due to volatility caused by the tariffs before seeing a slight, slight gain yesterday. So we'll see what happens in the market today. Of course, all of this is because, you know, he's like, Hey, let's see who comes to the negotiating table. Let's see who starts to negotiate these trade deficits. These, you know, and trades. You know, China's like, nah, we not rocking Is Israel's like, okay, cool, we going eliminate your debt. So let's see, we'll see what hap we'll continue to watch the situation. Alright, at seven we're gonna talk about immigration. It continues the conversations. Well thank you Morgan.


Thank you. Everybody else get it off your chest. 805 8 5 1 0 5 1 If you need to vent, phone lines are wide open. (800) 585-1051 is The Breakfast Club. Good morning. The Breakfast Club, this is your time to get it off Your chest calling 8 5 8 5 1 0 5 1. We wanna hear from you On The Breakfast Club. Alright, I wanna get it off my chest first before we go to the phone calls. Okay. This, this is what happened yesterday. And I don't know if you guys are aware of this in New Jersey, it may be some other states. Yesterday I let a car of mine to somebody so he can drive. He didn't know his license was suspended.


He had parking tickets. He paid the parking tickets, but it didn't go through the DMV. He got pulled over and got a ticket. Did you know in the state of New Jersey, if you lend somebody your car and they have a suspended license that you get a ticket to? Hell no. Yes, I got a ticket yesterday because he had a suspended license. Mm. And it's not a ticket that you can pay. I have to go to court. Oh, wow. And if I don't get go to court, I lose my license And I can get jail time with up 30 days. Because his license was suspended. Yeah. And he was driving my car. I Don't see nothing wrong that damn. What do you mean? No. Do you know how sick of court NB is? No. No, No. Damn. But I don't see nothing wrong with that because, you know, lending somebody your car, it may not seem like a big deal, but it is.


And so if you loan somebody your car, you should really make sure that they are legally able to drive that car. But he didn't know his license was suspended. It's not like people knew he had a parking ticket. It's like he didn't pay the park. He actually paid the parking ticket. Yeah, but it takes two days to register the DMV. It didn't register as of yet. And Then also, how close are you with him? Like you gotta be close if you just lend, because like, you don't do that. Okay. Yeah. So he didn't know. Yeah. So he didn't know he drove your car. That's like if you lend a car to a family member and then their license is suspended, they get pulled over no accident or nothing. I don Yeah. Emini here. I don't know. And then You get a ticket, you gotta go to court, you gotta hire an attorney. It's crazy. Never heard anything. Well, it does make you think, it does make you think about who you let loan your car. Yeah. Because you might let that person loan your car. They might go rob a bank. I'm serious. Like they might go commit a crime. So you really should think about that before you Just say, Hey, you driving my car.


Yeah. But it's a family member. Just like if, if, if Jess says, yo e, let me borrow your car. I gotta drive up to the west side, I'll be right back. I'm gonna be like, yeah, go ahead. If This is my child, I can understand that I'm responsible for that Just ain't my child. Jess is my friend, but She No, no, but you said a family member, right? This is my child. I can un I can understand being responsible for that. That is wild. The fact that I gotta Just the fact of the whole situation, like you have to go to court. You can't even just pay It. No, you can't pay it. You have to go to court because his license was suspended. What family Member is it? He owe? I Just say his was family. I said close friend. It's a close friend of, oh, thought You said family member. No, no, no. Close friend. No, I said that close. Yeah. So, so Now I gotta stop letting Rome hold my car. Sometimes I let Rome hold my Car. No, that's the truth. If it's license is suspended, you get a ticket as well. That's crazy. I've, I've never heard anything like that, but that's what happened to me yesterday.


But anyway. Hello. Who's this? Hey, good morning. Good morning. How y'all doing? This is Coach Davis. How's everything? Yo, coach Davis up. Davis, you broke your chest. Hey, Listen, I, I, I, you know, got some bad news last night, a member of my basketball community succumb to a heart attack man. And, you know, he was just, just retired man a week into his retirement. And it brought me back to a, a something that you talked about charlamagne. A heart. A heart. When you, you do a full body scan, Dr. Puma, I Forgot the name of The company. So my man, Dr. Puma at Sorin Medical man, I'm telling you, go get that Sorin heart scan, man.


Let him go. He can look at your whole heart, look at your arteries. He does like a, your vein, show you a 3D rendering. You can see, see all the blockages, everything brother. And there's no age to go. Like, don't wait till your sixties. I went, my wife went, I know Charlemagne went, his wife went. Please go. But you know, it's also not just about the blockages, man. The high blood pressure. Yep. The high cholesterol. Right. Stress. Right. All that stuff can cause you to have heart attacks, bro. Cardiovascular, I just wanna get my condolences to my med g ninth and his family man. For real. You know, you know, it, it's, it's, it's disheartening to hear, you know, we, we just seen him, you know, and he was playing in the playoffs, man. You know, it just was crazy. How old was he? You know, he was, he was in his early fifties.


Early, early sixties. Okay. Man. Man, that's young. I'm sorry to hear that. Yeah. Very young man. But I appreciate y'all gentlemen, man. Alright bro. You Have a good safe. And I and you too, Jess. I love you baby. I love you too. Thank you babe. Get it on Evvy. Did you get a ticket or did you get cited? No, I got a ticket. Oh, I, I've heard of people getting cited for letting No, no, no. Driver's driving. Ticket. Ticket. Like a ticket with my name on it because my name is on registration and insurance. And I have a court date where I have to go to court. And then when you Google what the fine is, it says you can lose your license or spend 30 days in prison. Damn. For lending somebody your car. That's crazy. Get it off your chest.


805 8 5 1 0 5 1 hit us up right now is The Breakfast Club. Good morning. The Breakfast Club. Ray. Ray. Ray, yo, char, Man. Envy. What Up are we Live? This is your time to get it off your chest. I got an indoor pool, a outdoor Pool. We wanna hear from you on The Breakfast Club. We can get on the phone right now. Here. Tell you what, it's, we live. Hello? Who's this? What's up? My name Anna. Hey, What's up Ana? Get it off your chest. So My dude is about to go to prison for five years and I'm like really sad about it. Say it again. And I don't, A dude's about to go to jail, man. We are the greatest people level alive. My dude about to go to prison for five years and I'm just like really sad about it.


No bad ass. It's a really situation. So How old is he? He's 46. I'm 32. He's 46. He's gonna be, he didn't, what did he do? He got in a car accident and the person passed away. And because he had a criminal history, not of the same offense, but So he got, Got charged with veh homicide? Yes. Yes. What V Ular manslaughter, I think they call it. Right. I know that. Vehicular homicide. It's homicide man didn't understand What she Saying. She said who got in the car? What happened? It's called, it's actually called Reckless driving, causing death. Mm. Oh, no, see that's a different charge. Oh, he Killed somebody in the car? Yeah. Yeah. Oh, he only getting five years. Yeah. Was he speeding? Was he drunk or was his license suspended?


So he was speeding. His son had got killed a week prior. He was driving. Just kind of zoned out, just kept driving and bowed his car. Mm. Is he okay? Mm Mm He's he is fine. He is fine. He's great. He actually walked away with like little to no scratches, but the lady passed away. Damn Emini here. That's, it's sad on both accounts, but you know. Definitely it is. It is really sad. It's like a double whammy. So Yeah. What you calling us a guidelines was like four to 15 years. But he definitely got five. Are you calling to ask us, you know, how soon she get you? She get a boyfriend or what? A little bit. Hey, yo, she said a Move on Girl, bye. No, But he always tell me like, I'm not naive.


You're young, you're beautiful. You'll be out. Like I know somebody might you and stuff like that, which is true, but five Years I don't wanna time. Yeah. He'll Be out 51. You'll be what? 36 at the time or 37 at the time. Yeah. And Listen, her Lewis is probably the last thing on his mind. He lost his son. He just killed somebody. Yeah. You know what I'm saying? Like this man. Right. I know, I know. But Emini here, we've been, we've been dealing with each other for a minute. So it is not like we don't have no love for each other and stuff. Yeah. And it'd be good, you know, you answer his calls, go see him every now and then. But you know, he, he, he can't take you with him to go do his bid either. 'cause that's just gonna stress him out more. So. Yeah. You know, find go. Exactly. And you can't use a vibrator for five years. You're not a stud.


How You not, you feel me? Like no, absolutely not. She said, you feel Me? And a lot of things could change in five years. Like, I might move or you know, something might happen. I just like feel bad, you know? It's kind of depressing. Yeah. You can't feel bad about moving on with your life. I'm sorry. Like it's, it's just Yeah. And he wants you to move on. So It is, it's, I don I don't think he wants it to be. Oh he Did? I thought she said that. He was like you young with do you? He did. He did. He did say that. You know what I'm saying? He don't wanna feel like he holding on to me or like I'm holding up my life for him. Right, right. But I look him and he loves me. I don't want just start over. Yeah. But yes you do at the end of the day. So it is all You tell me a little bit. A little bit. I ain't gonna lie, But, but here being our praise, you keeping me yours too.


And just, you know, move on. Thank you guys. I appreciate y'all. I love y'all all. Love you too. Love you too. All jokes aside though, that's why men gotta really think about things before they doing, man. Yeah. Because those are the consequences of your actions that you don't think about. You got you. A little one out here that you love and all of that. You know, you go, gotta go do some time. Yeah. They gonna be out here popping that for another goon. You already know. All right. Get it off your chest. 805 8 5 1 5 1. Why your little shimmy when you said that? I don, I thought shimmy. Oh my goodness. We got the latest with Lauren coming up. We do. So y'all be acting like Beyonc can't sell products, but she just broke a record with in-store sales for Sacred and we gonna talk about it. What a secret.


That's her Unha products. Oh, okay, okay, okay. Yeah, yeah. Alright, we'll get to that next. It's The Breakfast Club. Good morning. The Breakfast Club. Morning everybody. It's DJ Envy. Jess. Hilarious. Charlamagne the guy. We are The Breakfast Club. Good morning. Let's get to the latest with Lori. Lauren becoming a straight fan. She gets them from somebody that knows somebody. She gets into details. I'm the home girl that knows a little bit about everything. She be having the latest on this, the latest with Lauren la. Sometimes you have facts, sometimes you have details. Sometimes she have a little bit of everything. Well, what's the latest On The Breakfast Club? Talk. Talk to me.


All righty y'all. So for a long time there's been a conversation around Beyonc and just different product launches and things that she has tried to do and people notably pointing out that like, you know, sales didn't, weren't where they thought that they should be or that they weren't successful. But now there are reports because Beyonc took her sacred haircare line to Alta that she, she sold 14 times first day projections versus what she did online and at Ulta in store. So the CEO says, and her name is Kasia Steelman says, so just our eCom ourselves today alone have already doubled what we thought we would do in the entire week. And that has nothing to do with what they did in store.


So Oh wow. A big blowout for her. Now this hair line, when it first came out, people were like, first of all, what does Beyonc know about haircare and why is Beyonc telling us haircare product? But I think people forget that Miss Tina was doing hair for like 30 plus years. Yeah. And it, she grew up doing hair Beyonc always talked about in documentaries she would do her own haircare on tour and things of that nature because it wasn't being kept up. 'cause she would have to keep changing wigs and different stuff. So I think people believe this a little bit more. Especially because Beyonc now has began posting the videos of her showing you her own hair. Her real hair. Yeah. Yeah. She's trying to get more personable through this. So I, you know, just looking. That's Crazy. Congratulations to her to say that though. What does Beyonc know about haircare? She got hair that she's cared For all these years. Yeah. Well even still, they don't say that about Mayel and Camille Rose.


Like, you know, we just don't, we don't even really know these people, you know? Well, I'm gonna just speak for me, I don't know Mayel and Camille, but when I go in a hair store, I'm not gonna be like, well what does Camille Rose know about hair? Like it's, it's, I believe you because I don't even know who many people are. I have no idea either. Exactly. But I think but but to, like, nobody says Kim Kardashian, what does she know about underwear or whatever the skin is. Right. Right, right. Emini Here, those are the other, the people I named all, what Does Rihanna know about makeup? You can say that about anything, right? All of that. Well, I think that the reason why people did that is because with Rihanna and Makeup, when Rihanna launched, we heard from her. We saw her applying the makeup, talking about it and all that stuff. When Skims launched with Kim, you see Kim and Skims all the time behind the scenes making it, you know, Beyonce's a little bit more removed sometimes. She's not what You're saying, they're more connected to their fan base and to the people.


Yep, Exactly. And even though we don't know the women who own like the Mays, well if you know, if you know, but like they's, I'm big names. I don dunno them. So that's why that was an example used. But if they're Good products, they're Good products, I'm assuming. Yeah, they are. They're And I, I don know who make pink oil. What the hell is pink oil all? Is that that Diddy style? The, i I, I do the Family that makes pink, pink moisture. Oh you do? They from Delaware? No, they're not from Delaware. But it's a black family though. Oh, that's, I know that. It's like, it's like multiple generations. Their daughter, what's their name? Her name is, I don't know her grandfather's name. Yeah, you Know them though. But Her daughter, I got, lemme Show you. She has a source. Because she has a Source. No, they booked me for an event And I got to learn so much about them. The daughter, the granddaughter who's running it right now, her name is T. She runs the like, don't laugh.


What you laughing at? I'm laughing at Jeff talking about pink oils that Diddy stuff after Special oil. No pink Moisturizer. He said Pink oil. We know what he made moisturizer. That's how you could tell he got pink black. His daughters using it. Yeah, That's right. When Diddy bring out that pink oil, he really liked that. Oh my god. Oil. Yo yo. Alright, so moving on. Quinta Quinta Brunson, who is the creator of Abbott Elementary, comedian, actor, all that good stuff. So she sat down with Amy Poller. Amy Poller has a show and they talked about a bunch of different things. It's called Good Hang with Amy, But one of the big podcast right now. Yeah. And I Big podcast. It's, it's actually good.


Like they do a bunch of different stuff. Like they phone your friends so your friends can ask questions to you that Amy might not would've known. So they had like people who've been working with Quinta for years and who were around when she was just talking about Abba Elementary sending in questions. But one of the questions that they asked her that was like a big conversation in this conversation, which I thought was good, which started to trend online as well too, was Quinta and what she knows about white people. And she's like, I don't know them. Take a listen to this. Are you aware now that Bon Jovi and John Bon Jovi, that's not okay. Are you aware that Bon Jovi Yes, I don She, I don't know white people. I know you, I know Tina Faye. I know that's it. I know white people in comedy.


I don't, I understand the name Phil Collins. I don't know what Phil Collins look like. I I, I don't know that he's different from Sorry to that man. That Kiki moment Unbelievable Was so on point. Unbelievable. That is how I move through life. I'm not crazy. It's crazy to be in a band called John. Is he John Bon Jovi's? The band Bonjovi? See, she doesn't Know his original names. Come on. Was John Bongiovi, the band name was Bon Jovi, a shortened version of his real name. So then he started going by John Bon Jovi. But true fans know that it was Bongiovi. You know, everything you just said sounds crazy. Right? I know. And the thing is, I'm supposed to know this, but then I'm supposed to deal with people who can't tell me and Kiki Palmer apart Quinta divorced that white man.


Now she don't know none of y'all anymore. Exactly. Drop on a cool bomb for Quinter bru. Period. Dr. Augh would be proud, but I, I guess that's why she asked. 'cause she was married to a white guy for what, four or five years? No, she asked her because one of Quinta's Homegirls who's been in her life like way before Abbot Elementary said one day her and Quinta was just chilling and Quinta whispered to her for no reason. 'cause nobody was around. She just whispered and was like, yo, is John Bon Jovi a per like, like she was trying to figure out like, is this a person? Is it a band? Is it, that's a Valid question. Yeah. I don't, I didn't know, yo they this this white explaining. I had no idea. But Also I do that on purpose sometimes just because of what she said. How she said people can't tell her and Ki Palm apart. Yep. I do that on purpose. It'd be like, yo, who's in the Beatles? I'll be like Elton John Sting, you know?


Mm. Just to, just to you. Cause a little chaos. People were mad about that old John thing Yesterday that we couldn't name one song Or two songs. That's crazy. You named the movie That was hilarious. The Lion King. Well, but she's, they also had a, that's why I played Sandra Bullock clip. I'm gonna just let y'all here and then you'll get it. You know who I got mixed up for the longest time? Not anymore. But there was no reason for me as a young girl in Philadelphia to understand the difference between Sandra Bullock and Julia Roberts. There was no reason for me to know the difference. You might Have a little bit of face blindness. I do. Wow. I do. I know what Sandra knows now. 'cause that's my girl. Of course I can tell you guys to apart now, but when growing up Sure.


No reason for me to know that. Sure. And when people are like, you don't know. No, I don't. I didn't know Sandra Bull look like that growing up. But I definitely knew Julia. Robs, I Swear to you, but by name or just by face. That is literally me. Amen. As a kid, y'all. I thought Sandra, I had to same person. I had to write the Sandra book, Julia Roberts on the back just so I didn't mess it up in here because of course I know them by face. But sometimes I do get the names mixed up. Yeah, that Shit. Julia's been in moment.


The World Is constantly changing. It's up to you to decide how to respond. Choose to be bold to try something new. Choose to reinvent yourself. That's what Nissan did with the all new totally reimagined kicks. The dynamic new exterior styling immediately announces that Nissan isn't messing around the interior. A completely redesigned cabin with premium features like wireless Apple call play and a panoramic moonroof make driving a kicks immersive and exciting. And with new performance and safety features like intelligent all wheel drive, the kicks is both fun and safer to drive than ever before. It is the dawning of a brand new era for the Nissan Kicks. Only one question remains. Is it a new era for you as well? Drive the all new Reimagined Nissan Kicks today. Available Features compatible device service and consumer activation of Nissan Connect Services. Package required use only when safe and legal subject to third party service availability for more information. See Nissan usa.com/connect/legal. Apple CarPlay is a trademark of AppleLink Intelligent all-wheel drive cannot prevent collisions or provide enhanced traction in all conditions. Always monitor traffic and weather conditions.


At and t has a new guarantee because most things in life are not guaranteed. Like actually getting the rental call you requested or your wedding turning out just like you dreamed it would. And someone making another pot of coffee in the break room after drinking the last drop of the last one. Yeah, don't get me started. Not guaranteed. In The World where nothing is guaranteed, at t is bringing something new to the table. At t is introducing a guarantee. With connectivity, you depend on deals you want and service you deserve or they make it right. So if you wanna know more about the at t guarantee, head to att.com/guarantee. At t connecting changes everything, terms and conditions apply. Visit att.com/guarantee for details.


Hey fam, if you like me, you're thinking about how to level up in your career. Maybe you're fresh outta college, just started in your field or even looking to switch things up and find your true calling. Whatever stage you're in, remember that this is your time to grow, to learn, and to build something that lasts. State Farm understands that early career development is key to long-term success. They've been a steady presence in our communities and they know that having the right support early on can make all the difference. State Farm is there to help you make smart moves and to help you get the coverage you need. We all know the journey to success is a marathon, not a sprint. It's about staying focused, staying grounded, and making sure you're protected every step of the way. Let's build our careers with confidence knowing that State Farm is there to support us just like they've always been because like a good neighbor State Farm is there. Find out more at State Farm dot com.


Bring spring to your door with Target Circle 360. Get all you need for Easter hosting Spring get togethers and more with unlimited same day delivery through Target. Circle 360 from Easter basket goodies to fresh Florals. Getting everything the same day is easy. Open the target app and bring the magic of the season to your door with unlimited same day delivery through Target Circle 360. Visit target.com/circle or the Target app for more details. Subscription required same day delivery is subject to terms, applies to orders over $35.


Movies That I actually like, like Pretty women. The Oceans 11. Oceans 11 Charlotte's Web. Yep. I can name the movie I'm from Ocean 12 pretty women name the Characters, but I can't just name the name sometimes I can't Just say this Congeniality. I don't know. Irv bags. This is, this is so much. I love both of them, but when I was old enough to figure out, like when I was younger, I was like, they the same person. I swear. But they are both two of my favorite white women. I like that. I think you should get white people mistaken on purpose for real. Just because they do it to us just for the chaos. This just for the confusion on their face sometimes. I just got a headline. Martin Luther King Jr. Paid the bill for Julia Roberts birth. Here's the backstory from NPR.


Brandon just sent me this. What'd you say? Man, shut up. You get outta here. Oh no, that is true though. I heard that before. I thought that that was so crazy when I crazy heard something like that. I don't know if it's true though. We paid for Her birth. Really quick racking and wrapping up. According to NPR, The World is finally learning the fact that Julia Roberts birth was paid for by Martin Luther King Jr. And Coretta Scott King. The connection between the two families wasn't a secret, but it resurfaced in a big way before Julia's birthday, October 28th, a few years ago. Because she interviewed about it. I was gonna say, how old is Julia Ju I don know how old she is now. Either Way, her parents didn't had no insurance and so they just, I don't know. I'm looking through the article right now. Got sent to me. Okay. Really? Almost Six. How she for the birth?


They paid for the birth. Okay. That's what's up. Oh no. They reported they couldn't pay for the hospital. She was born in Georgia in 1967 Luther King. And they ran a theater school and a writers and actors workshop. And one day Coretta Scott called her mom to ask if her kids could be a part of the school. So that's how the relationship started. Oh wow. Okay. That's what up. And they Became friends and helped us out and helped them out in the gym. They gotta wrap up. She she, she did a interview about that a few years ago. Yep. That's what resurfaced, that's what NPR R is quoting is that interview. So basically she had the cookout. All right, well that is lady Salad. Lauren. No, see that's your problem. No, I paid for your birth. You gonna come over here y'all? I didn't say she was bringing potato salad. Relax, we gotta wrap up. She gonna be cleaning up the house. Oh My goodness. All right. Be cleaning up the house. We got front page news next and then Kerry Hilson will be joining us.


It's The Breakfast Club. Good morning, you are checking out The Breakfast Club. Morning everybody. It's DJ Envy. Jess. Hilarious. Charlemagne the guy. We are The Breakfast Club. Let's get back in some front page news. What's up Morgan? Well Let's do it. Okay, let's talk immigration and the IRS. So the IRS is agreeing to help ICE find illegal immigrants by sharing information with the agency. Court documents show the IRS will provide the Department of Homeland Security with information for migrants who are either under federal investigation or are already facing deportation. Now, the IRS had warned the Trump administration's the plan to use it for, excuse me.


The IRS had warned the Trump administration, the plan to use it for information could be illegal. So as a result, the acting IRS commissioner is resigning multiple reports, say Melanie Krause is stepping down after the agency agreed to share illegal immigrants tax information with federal immigration agents. Now Krause is the third person to lead the agency since January. And we're get remember she herself was just acting and Doug O'Donnell was acting commissioner as well until announcing his retirement last month. So it looks like the IRS agency is looking for a new head while also, you know, talking with ICE to find those illegal migrants and get information on illegal migrants.


So Did I hear you right Morgan? She stepped down because she was upset that the, the illegal immigrants had to share their tax information That is alleged. Yes. Yes. And please, why should the illegal immigrants be exempt from sharing their tax information? No, I don't think that's the thing. It's so, it's, it's, they already share their tax information because, you know, some of them are, you know, filing taxes here as long as they're working, but matter what's the problem? It's a, it's a matter of the, the ice crackdown now that you know now that they've been, well, well, yeah, now it's, it's, it's a matter of ice using that information to locate and find them, which, you know, truth To IRS use that information to locate and find us. Yeah, but I, I guess what they're saying is, is now if you are an immigrant, an illegal immigrant, you're not gonna pay your taxes.


Why would you pay your taxes and try to do the right thing if they just gonna give the information to where you At? Pretty much So you live In America? Yeah. But if you, if so, if you pay your, if if you pay your taxes, they're gonna come get you. I I, I guess my whole thing is like, you know, yeah, just, I guess if you're gonna go through all of that, you might as well just go through the process of trying to be a, be a being a legal citizen of a legal citizen. But a lot them are trying. But it takes time. It takes years. It could take years. And they also say yesterday that they're opening up a ice office in Rikers Island in the jail. They're gonna open up an office right then and there. Why? I guess when people get arrested and they're not necessarily a citizen. Oh yeah, they can do Okay, take them Right there. Yeah, but not only that, you know, there's the, because of that new Supreme Court ruling where, you know, you can't ship the migrants, well basically you can get rid of the migrants, but you, you, there has to be a due process, you know, with that, with that ruling.


I agree. So maybe that's essentially what's happening with that Riker spaces that they're gonna have some due process before they get rid of them. And I Ask the room a question. Would you be an ice informant if the IRS gave you tax breaks? If the IRS said, Hey, you don't gotta pay taxes for a year, but you gotta be a ice informant. Or You just like informant one or they put your name there. I don't Know what you, you just gotta be an informant. You gotta point out, you gotta tell people where you think they might be. Some illegal immigrant activity gang members only. I don't know what it is. I'm just, you just wanna snitch. But would you though? I would I'm just Saying you would snitch crazy. Alright, so me, meanwhile, white House borders are, Tom Holman is highlighting the Trump administration's efforts to secure the southern border on Tuesday.


Tom Holman spoke to Arizona lawmakers before a special joint session at the state capitol in Phoenix. He said, when the job is done, the border will be more secure than it's ever been. Let's take a listen to those comments from Borders are Tom Holman. We're gonna get this job done with no apologies. When we're done, we're gonna the most secure border in the history of this nation. We're gonna make this country safer. Every criminal alien we arrest every gang member. We arrest every TDA MSS 13 member. We arrest the other country, makes this country much safer. This administration right now in power is gonna have, for the first time that in history of this nation have total operational control of our southern border under President Trump. It's going to happen. You can take that to the bank. You take that to the bank and cash that check.


Well, he went on to say more people have been arrested in the first two months of President Trump's second term compared to former President Biden's last year in office. He also added that he's happy but not satisfied and there's more work to be done. The address also focused on current border challenges and cooperation between federal and state government. Several state Democratic lawmakers walked out during that speech in protest. I got one more story for y'all. Meta, you guys, everybody uses Instagram. Everybody uses Facebook, right? And kids use it as well, you know, start the kids and the teens are starting to ask for pages and stuff like that. So Meta is Take is aiming to make Instagram safer for teens with new safeguards. So the tech company announced on Tuesday that teens under 16 years old will not be able to use the live feature without their parents' permission.


Instagram will also require parental permission to turn off the feature that blurs suspected nudity in dms. Meanwhile, meta will offer teen accounts for Facebook and Messenger that provides similar protections. And the company said there are now 54 million teens around The World with Instagram teen accounts since launching last year. So look at Meta trying to make an effort to keep the kids safe. I absolutely love that. Not mad at it at all. In no way, shape or form. I wanna ask you guys, Emini here, not to say like this or put your kids out there, but your kids have Facebook or social media essentially, or not necessarily Facebook, but the kids have Social media. Yeah, my kids don't have Facebook. They do have social media. TikTok.


Yeah, TikTok. But, and they do have Instagram where they connect with their friends from dance. But I'm all over it. Paul. Yeah, no, no, that's essentially what I'm asking. You know, how do you regulate and how do you, you know, stay on top of them with that and make sure that things are safe. Now again, myself are all over our kids' social media. We make sure you know who's following 'em. They're private, they're able to see certain things. So we're, we're all Over it. And I have Ashton's logins. He is, he's only on TikTok and on Instagram. But I have his logins. I check his internet history, everything. 'cause he a boy and he's pushing into that teenage, you know, space. So yeah, I'm all over 'em. No, that's what it all, that's what it's all about. I think, you know, sharing just what you guys are saying can help other parents, you know, navigate that space.


Because there are some parents who don't even use it themselves, but their kids may come and say, Hey, can I have an Instagram page? And but you don't know what you're getting yourself into. So to know that you guys are regulating your kids' pages and also, you know, keeping an eye on things, you know. Yeah, most Definitely. I knew I had to start going through his phone when he called me Beloved. Yeah. That's amazing. Shut my door, beloved. What? Excuse Me. Shut. Can you shut my door, beloved? I shut My beloved. Did You shut it? I didn't. Okay. I did not went in there and yeah, but yeah, don't call me Beloved. You know, he not watching a bunch of ion Levon z No, No, no. I know that's not who he watching, but he laughed. Like he, it might be a trend. That's what made me go on stage, like to see if it's a trend, but it's not. He just was like, can you close my door, beloved?


And that was it. But his dad, when they start, no, Ron has never called me Beloved. He called me Beloved before. He never called. I promise you he called you Beloved. What Roman has called me Beloved. He's beloved, I guess better. Wow. Better, Better than Baltimore dummy, right? Yeah. Yeah. Like, yo, don't do that. Oh, what, what's, what about bro though? Because these kids use bro about you. Yeah. Hell yeah. He, bro, stop calling me bro. 'cause he started and I'm like, I'm not your brother. Don't do that. But Brot say Beloved. He say King, he say Champ King. Yeah. King and Champ. I never heard that man. Say Beloved. That is crazy. Okay, got it. All right, well thank you all Y'all. That's, thank y'all. That's your four page news. Follow me on social at Morgan Media.


M-O-R-G-Y-N-M-E-D-I-A. And for more news coverage follow ad, black Information Network, download the free iHeartRadio app and visit us@binnews.com. Talk to y'all later. All right, boo. Peace. Peace Morgan. All right, when we come back, Keri Hilson will be joining us. Her new album, we Need To Talk comes out April 18th. It's The Breakfast Club. Good morning, The Breakfast Club. Morning everybody. It's DJ Envy. Jess. Hilarious Charlamagne, the God We are The Breakfast Club. L LaRosa is here. And we got a special guest in the building. Yes indeed. Keri Hilson. Welcome. How you feeling? Oh Man. So Good. It's been, it's been a long time since we've seen you back with some music.


Where you been, how many times you done heard that question? Since you've been making the rounds, where have you been? Where you been? A lot. I've been, I've been around. I've been alive clearly. I've been doing movies. I had been doing, making music, couldn't release it, but been around, definitely been around, been happy. How can you release it? Been finding my happy contractual issues, you know. So is That all over Now? That freedom? That's all over. I'm free. I belong to myself. Okay. I was an independent. Yeah. Oh wow. Okay. Yeah. Was that your choice? Yeah, I'm like, because really? 'cause I'm not the same girl I was at 20 when I signed that contract, however old I was, it was around that early twenties. Like I'm not that person anymore. And now I deserve a lot more say in my career and the decisions I make and the songs that I'm cutting and the, and releasing and you know, I just, you deserve that control.


You've, you've kind of outgrown things so people Would think that as an artist you're able to do what you wanna do musically, but you're, you're basically saying that's not necessarily true. It was not the case for me. I was signed to a label and a sub-label that had its own heads. You know what Emini here. So yeah, there were, there were, I released songs that I didn't really love. I had to record songs I didn't love. So even though I was known like as a songwriter, I was a new artist. So there are things that you kind of, you gotta play the politics game. And to me that doesn't really go with art being political. Yeah. I wonder why wouldn't they trust you? Especially 'cause of your pen, Right? Emini here, I think to a certain degree. But again, it was just politics sometimes over my feelings, the statements I wanna make, the artists I see myself as.


It was just like, no, but you have to, we have to have a song by this producer. 'cause I've had this side talk conversation with that producer. Promise them a song on your album basically. Wow. And no matter how the session turned out, we gotta put this out. Right. So it's like, you know, things like that can happen. And I, I didn't have to say 'cause I wasn't distributing, I wasn't, you know, what Emini here on that end of things. When, When you think about Carrie Hilson, like you were everywhere in the late two thousands writing, you were your own artist and then you took a step back. Was that intentional? Or was it the industry bull kind of made you feel like, you know what, I don't wanna be involved? Or did they push you out a little bit? Like what was it? No, it was definitely very intentional. I was actually going through quite a bit personally.


I was really, really depressed. And at the height of my second album one night, Sam was out pretty Girl Rock was out. These are huge, you know, knock you down was still even in rotation. You know what Emini here like, like things were really, really good. But I was really, really low. Really, really bad. But it was personal for the most part. And some professional woes. Again, not having a say in decisions that are being made that I have to stand for and represent and do that with a whatever level of grace I could have for those decisions being made for me. Just, you don't, you don't always agree with who you do business with, right? Absolutely. But yeah, it was my choice for sure. You weren't blackballed? No. Okay. No. And how'd you get outta that funk? 'cause you, in a depression, how did you get outta that depression? Was it more writing?


Was it family, was it time? All of it. All of that. And vacations and philanthropy and exercising and, and like journaling, writing, you know, privately and for others spiritual retreats. 'cause he went on a healing journey. Yeah. I went on what I call eat, pray, love. Absolutely. Yeah. So there and there were times where I would Just say yes to shows that were in places that I wanted to visit. You know what, Emini here. Yeah. Like otherwise I'm not performing. Like I wanna go there. Yeah. Say yeah. Hmm. So with the album, we need to talk, you have this digital series co we need to talk as well. And it's like a you to you conversation. It's Carrie Hilson to or Carrie Lynn talking to Carrie Hilson. Yeah. And you got very Me versus me.


You Versus you, you got very in depth about a bunch of different things. Relationship, you know, just coming back and doing this whole thing again. The, the press runs and all that different stuff. And now you've been out, you've been talking to some press. Is it what you expected it to be? Do you feel like people are like, 'cause it kind of seemed like you think you thought people were gonna be out to get you and you wanted to protect yourself from that coming back into it. I still think that. Okay. Why? She's very like, skeptical. Step Has changed so much Has changed. It has, right. Because it wasn't this salacious, it wasn't quite this ugly or nasty or like, you know, driven by negativity. It just wasn't that when I was, when, when I was last here sitting in this chair. So yeah. I'm freaking scared. That's A lot. Because it was bad 15 years.


It was bad already. Exactly. Exactly. And now it's just worse. So yes. That, that fear is real. That is, that is a dialogue that I have with my myself daily. It's, it's literally a prayer at night. It's just like, ah. And the struggle really is how authentic and truthful can I be when I don't feel safe. Right. Ooh. Like when that is not in intact. Mm. When your safety is not there. Just like in a relationship, you're not your most vulnerable when you don't feel safe. Like, no, you're not gonna open up, you're not gonna have these innermost feelings be expressed. But it's part of what we do. So I have to find that even in the environment. So when You talk about the depression and you talk about the spiritual journey, the spiritual healing, what did that chapter of your life teach you about purpose?


Mm. It taught me how dangerous it is to step away from your purpose. Ooh. To step out of your purpose and away from your gifts. But it also taught me on the flip side of that, that sometimes you have to do what is necessary to reengage with your purpose in a better way. And so both of those things happened for me, learning that it was necessary to pick it back up, but it was also necessary to be boundaried and not have it by any means at any cost, but to protect myself in certain ways. So yeah, I learned a lot about purpose. You have a song on the project, we need to talk called Weigh Me Down. And then I hear you talk about purpose and just stepping back into things. And I know there's different things that can weigh a person down, but were you ever worried that the weight that made you wanna step away and take some time would make you forget or, you know, just lose the passion for the purpose?


Yes. I was concerned with that. And it did happen. I lost passion for quite a while. It was really difficult to create at times. My life was radio silent. I didn't listen to music. I didn't sing or hum in the shower like I did since I was yay high. Like I lost so much passion for it. But I, I realized that that was really, it was also necessary. It was also necessary. Talk about a clean slate. That's what, you know, me stepping away created the cleanest slate possible. And that's why it's so scary. 'cause I'm so freaking peaceful. Like, life is calm, it's cool. I like my, I like my friendships, I like my circles. I like the safety that I feel in daily life.


And stepping back out into the spotlight, that's what the fear is really all about, is like, am I gonna lose how safe I feel? Am I gonna lose my peace, my sanity, my mental health? Am I gonna be affected? It's, you know, 'cause the sleep deprivation, you know, just not, not just comments. I'm, I have a thick skin. 'cause I'm so much more self-aware also of who I am, also what I'm here to do and what my gifts are. What my weak strengths and weaknesses. Like, I'm very clear. So I don't think that they will ever cut me the same way, but it being there at all is just, can spark a little fear. Well, What pushed you to come back out then? Because Emini here, it's, yeah, you, you're making music, making money from writing.


You, you wrote in so many records, Emini here, I'm looking at your discography now. It's just so many records. What made you say, you know what, I wanna put that foot back out and go in the line of fire? I felt, I felt clogged. I felt burdened, clogged, stuck. And that would really sum it up. I, I felt like there, I had more to, more to say, more to do. 'cause I know I say it in the Me versus Me series. Like I wasn't done. I sat down for a second, but I, I never felt done. I've toyed with the idea like, am I, am I finished? Do I ever want to do that again in that way? But the answer was yes, just my way. I, I have to have a certain level of control now over, you know, my, my image, my brand, my words, my, my dialogue.


It's just all the stuff. But yeah, I just felt like there was, there is so much more And I never stopped creating. So I also know what's in the arsenal and my confidence was built back up. And in recent years I just felt ready. I felt ready. All we got more with Keri Hilson, when we come back, her new album, we Need To Talk comes out April 18th. It's The Breakfast Club. Good morning. Morning everybody. It's E-N-B-H-S. Hilarious Charlamagne Guy. We are The Breakfast Club. All the Roast is here as well. We're still kicking it with Kerry Hilson Charlamagne. You said you was getting over a heartbreak. Was that one of the reasons that you had to take a Yes step back? Yes. Wow. I was in a relationship for 11 years. And that Was S which is a long time. That was not s no. Oh, that wasn't sir, it was before Sege.


Okay. Yeah, right before Surge. Oh, so Serge was a rebound? No, it wasn't a rebound. It was years in between. No, humble him a little bit. Let him know he was a rebound. Humble with Sege. Just a look. Serge, you are a rebound. Okay. I didn't know if you knew that, but you are. That's not true. And he gonna look straight to camera too. Like he was doing something right. Straight to camera is crazy. Straight to camera. He was not a rebound. It was maybe three years after that 11 year relationship was over. I do believe in healing in between relationships. I do believe in that. So I'll be single for years in between relationships. I think that's the one problem with being a artist, is that nobody believes that y'all are real people.


Mm. And so when you are going through real things, nobody will take that into consideration. It's no, it's, it's more entertaining for them to be like the beehive ran out of town. Right. That's way more entertaining. But also because I think when you're rich, like people are like, they don't empathize with you. That's right. They, they can know you're human, but they don't give, they don't care. 'cause they're like, whatever she, she's rich, she'll be fine. It's like, damn, I ain't got no heart. You know, I can't feel, I can't go through love and heartbreak and like, you know, I think people don't realize how much the noise that they throw like gets to you. Or not even if it doesn't break you. But like you see it, you can't not see it. Yeah. Right. And I, but She was trolled and jumped before it was a thing. Think About it. Yeah, I was gonna say. 'cause I wasn't Jumped.


Well be how people get over. I was never jumped. No one ever put their hands on me. No one ever. No. Not in real life. Like, baby, I'm pissed. Don't play with me though. You that right now. Right? Where you from? Atlanta. Atlanta? Yeah. Okay. It came out real quick. Hold up. No, but I think he's talking about the, the, the beehive. Just all of the comments and stuff from the, the song leak and all that stuff. Yeah. Now, today, at this point, are you looking like, when you look back at that 'cause and people will bring it up, so I'm sure you're kind of preparing yourself for that. How do you, do you not even explain it, but like how do you look back on that? What are your comments on it now and so far removed from it? It's a regret. It's a regret. But not in the way that people would think. 'cause that's a song that I actually didn't write.


Those are not my words. I was on tour. Polo Wanted, wanted me to do a remix to turn me on. He had produced the record And I wasn't, because I was on tour with Lil Wayne, I wasn't able to like lay anything down. He had been on me for a couple weeks about we gotta, we need to do a remix. Okay. So I take off, it wasn't happening quick enough for him. I take off, we fly in and he had another writer in our camp at the time. He had her write this. But I come into the studio and he plays me this verse and I'm like, automatically, I'm like, I'm not saying that that was my position and that, but You knew it was shade when you heard it. Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah. You could.


But you, I didn't know really who it was about. But Emini here, one could guess. And it just was a, I'm like, I'm an athlete, but I'm a, I'm a I'm a finesse player. I'm not a nasty player. I'm not a dirty player. I don't even look at things like that. But we, we disagree there. Polo And I, because he believes in kind of the shock jock mentality. He believes in kind of playing dirty. So I tried to fight him on it And I began writing my own. That's what I did with my time there. But he, I wanna be careful with the word I used. It was quite forceful In an executive artist way. You Yeah. In an executive artist's way only involving others and kind of threatening my career in a sense.


In a real sense. Like, you're not coming. 'cause my album wasn't out yet, so it was like, you're not coming out if you don't do this. The mistake that I made was not continuing to fight, but I was in tears. I was crying. I was adamant that I did not want do that. You Were actually signed to Polo? I was signed to Polo and Tim To Timberland, correct? Yep. In a joint venture at Interscope Records. Yep. And I was young. I was super young. I felt I had no power. I felt I had no choice. But I did record mine. My version, which had nothing like that in it. It was on subject song is about men. And it leaked like days after I did it. But he promised me that wouldn't happen. So it leaked. And that was, that was that. And I, I protected him. I protected the girl that wrote it who be went on to become famous.


I protected everyone in the story. So I had to eat that. I had to eat that. And I am still eating it to this day. 'cause I'm getting asked about that 15 of course, however many years. 16, 17 years later it's like, I've worn the Scarlet Letter. Really? I'm sorry. But when you answer it once, like it's done, give people an actual answer. I think that makes it go. They can't ask Again. I Was gonna say it's, I think this is first time I've heard this like I have before. But yeah, maybe you guys is a, a beautiful platform. Yeah, a big one. And maybe, hopefully this is the last time I need to talk about that. But that is definitely a regret of not fighting even stronger. But I again, when your career is on the line and they, and they make it that be the way that you perceive the situation.


Not perceived, but it was pretty clear. But when you're that young, you're just kind of like, Maybe they know better than me, Right? I have to. Yeah. Yeah. Well I never felt like they were right. I never felt like they were right. But 'cause my authenticity said the entire time, this can't, this can't be the only way to become like I was already doing. Well yeah. And in my eyes, although it gained the popularity and the recognition, the song, okay, we had a lot of spins, but from that moment on, I was like, this ain't even my path anymore. What'd did Tim Lan say? I think he just went because they were partners. I think he just went along. But I didn't, I don't remember that we involved him or that he was involved at all. 'cause he did, he hadn't produced that record. Mm. But I wonder now I would love to ask him like, what did, what do you, what did you think about that?


What I do know is he went on to work with B and Jay. So did Polo Down and Tour were with him and so did Polo. And I'm sitting there like, wow. But I, but again, I protect, I never, I was trying to keep peace, also not wanting to put my career. They were still my bosses. I didn't wanna put my career further into detriment. So I, you know, I just didn't wanna step in the anymore though. So I didn't wanna hold no magazine of with her on the, I just was like shook. So whenever anybody brought it up, probably the last time we were here, like, please don't bring up Beyonc. It was probably that kind of environment. 'cause I was shook, I was scared. I was not of her. Like, I love her. I think she's incredible. She's one of the greatest artists of all time. I'm a fan, have always been, that's never been in question for me.


But now I just, it's a name. I can't say it's, it's a magazine I can't hold. It's a conversation I don't wanna have publicly just because I don't wanna piss anybody off. I don't wanna make things even more weird than they already were. I just wanted it to go away. I wanted it to go away. I wanted it off my Scarlet letter. You know what Emini here, I wanted to clean myself up and just have the career that I wanted to have. But I didn't know how to do that. I didn't know cleaning it up would mean that, it just felt like a messier situation. What Did your team say when the backlash happened? Did they just step away and say, you on your own now? Or did they support That's that's what it felt like. That's what the, it felt like because everyone went on to normalcy and I'm the only one left. I'm being crucified, I'm being murdered.


And I would say Carrie, the human was looking at Carrie Hilson the artist. Like, you deserve that. You should have fought harder. I understood it. I got it. Give yourself grace though. Absolutely. Well, it's tough to do. I've never felt like shooting anyone else down for their greatness made me greater. So I just felt like that was such a ungraceful mistake to make or to be forced to do and to not stand up for myself. That was the shame that I wore was like, I should have fought harder, should have fought harder. I should have fought harder. I should never have done it. I should never have recorded that. I should have outed them well before. Now I should have, you know what, Emini here And I still am protecting the writer. 'cause I feel like, like she might've been doing what, what she was told to do. I hope that, Have you spoke to Beyonc or run into her?


'cause the industry is small. It is. We ran into each other at a, at was it BET Awards and she introduced herself. She wa I didn't. The World is constantly changing.


If it's up to you to decide how to respond, choose to be bold to try something new. Choose to reinvent yourself. That's what Nissan did with the all new totally reimagined kicks. The dynamic new exterior styling immediately announces that Nissan isn't messing around the interior. A completely redesigned cabin with premium features like wireless Apple called play and a panoramic moon roof make driving a kicks immersive and exciting. And with new performance and safety features, like intelligent all-wheel drive, the kicks is both fun and safer to drive than ever before. It is the dawning of a brand new era for the Nissan Kicks. Only one question remains. Is it a new error for you as well? Drive the all new Reimagined Nissan Kicks today. Available features compatible device service and consumer activation of Nissan Connect Services. Package required use only when safe and legal subject to third party service availability For more information, see Nissan usa.com/connect/legal. Apple CarPlay is a trademark of Apple Link. Intelligent all wheel drive cannot prevent collisions or provide enhanced traction in all conditions. Always monitor traffic and weather conditions.


Hey fam, if you're like me, you are thinking about how to level up in your career. Maybe you're fresh out of college, just starting in your field or even looking to switch things up and find your true calling. Whatever stage you're in, remember that this is your time to grow, to learn, and to build something that lasts. State Farm understands that early career development is key to long-term success. They've been a steady presence in our communities and they know that having the right support early on can make all the difference. State Farm is there to help you make smart moves and to help you get the coverage you need. We all know that the journey to success is a marathon, not a sprint. It's about staying focused, staying grounded, and making sure you're protected every step of the way. Let's build our careers with confidence knowing that State Farm is there to support us just like they've always been because like a good neighbor's State Farm is there. Find out more at State Farm dot com.


Bring spring to your door with Target Circle 360. Get all you need for Easter hosting, spring get togethers and more with unlimited same day delivery through Target. Circle 360 from Easter basket goodies to fresh Florals. Getting everything the same day is easy. Open the target app and bring the magic of the season to your door with unlimited same day delivery through Target Circle 360. Visit target.com/circle or the target app for more details. Subscription required same day delivery is subject to terms, applies to orders over $35.


Hey everybody, it's your favorite play cousin Jr. From The Stray Warning Show. The Toyota Tundra and Tacoma are designed to outlast and outlive. Combining raw power with precision engineering, all backed by Toyota's legendary reputation for reliability climate side of tundra. And experience the uncompromising strength with its available. I force Max Engine. The Tran delivers exceptional power, torque and towing capacity. Plus the spacious and high tech cabin keeps you connected on the run. Or check out a Tacoma. Agile, dependable, and unstoppable. The Tacoma's designed for those who go beyond the trail. Stay ahead of the pack with available off-road features like crawl control or break out your tunes with the available portable JBL Speaker. Toyota trucks are built to last year after year mile after mile. So outlast every adventure and outlive the moment. Buy a Tundra or Tacoma today visit. Buy a toyota.com. Toyota's official website for deals. Or stop by your local Toyota dealer to find out more. Toyota. Let's go places.


Didn't See her coming, but she came and her hand was out and she introduced, she was like, hi, I am B. Or she may have said her whole name, but it was was a summer award show by the trailers. So backstage area. And she had introduced herself And I felt like, you know, she was, that was a little bit of like, you know, that's all right. I see you. Well I, I hope you know she Does to everybody. She, to everybody. I, I've talked her all the time. I've seen Beyonc, Emini here. I've been, I've only been around her a few times, but I've seen her walk. People Houston, hi, I'm Beyonc. Like, okay. Yeah, she did. I thought it was G No, no, no. She did that to me in a, in a club one time I met her and then one time at other radio station she comes say, I'm Beyonc. She was checking you but up. But No, I do. I thought it was GI thought it was real GI was like with that, I like that. I like that. Why didn't you try to have a conversation?


Just be like, Just wasn't a place I hoped to always have that B, if you're out there, I love you. I would love to do that. I would love to clear that up. 'cause like I said, I'm a fan. There's utmost respect for who she is as a songwriter, as a performer, as a woman, as a mom. Like so much respect for her. All right, well let's get into a Kerry Hilson mini mix. It's The Breakfast Club. Good morning. Good morning everybody. It's DJ Envy, Jess, Hilarious Charlemagne, the God. Lauren La Rosas here as well. We're still kicking it with Keri Hilson. Her album. We Need To Talk comes out April 18th. Lauren If Polo and all like, if they came back and said, hey, let's today, And I don't know if they've tried, have a conversation like we're in different spaces To me. Yeah, to you. Would you, are you, is that conversations you be down to have Today?


I think the conversation needs to be to y'all. That's, I felt unprotected. I felt like abandoned. I think the conversation is to the public. I've forgiven him. He's actually even has records on this album. Oh see, I work with each other again. We have worked. I can be around like I'm a really forgiving person. And again, I took full accountability all this time. I just wore it. I ate it, I wore it, I lived It. But before y'all worked, did you say we need to talk? No, we, we were talking the entire time. Like I never, I'm not a spiteful individual. I don't harbor Ill, I would, I have said many times how I felt, you know, what Emini here, the whole, wow. He, to this day, he just, the definition of gaslighting. But I don't understand the working relationship then because like hearing you talk about him, like someone you would wanna continuously put yourself around.


I don't know him, but He can never force me to do anything I don't believe in. Again, that's what I know about me. So I can be around someone and know that I'm in control of me now. You know what, Emini here, you'll never make the same exact mistake twice. I will never let that man coerce me to do anything ever again. It, it is what it is. But I will keep him at a certain distance in certain decisions how He gonna feel when he hears That. But he's a great producer. He's pro. He ain't gonna like it. Yeah, he's not gonna like it. But like, it's the truth. It, it is my truth. And it's more important for me to be honest and truthful and authentic. Now honestly, if that lifts part of the burden for fans and, and, and for myself, I guess today it had to be said. You know, Do you feel secure?


Like, do you feel protected now? Yeah. 'cause I got me. I do. And also this man right here, Mr. Jones, he's been with me my entire ride from album one at some point. Yeah. Yeah. It's been that long. And he is, he's literally my protector. He's, I've never seen an artist manager dynamic quite like this. Where I know no matter, even if you are, even if you are trying to get me to do something that is against my better judgment, it ain't even gonna get past him. It's not even gonna get to me. Because he saw all that. He saw me pay for everything. He saw me, he was with me. You know what Emini here, I'm sure he felt some of, even as a manager, he probably felt some of the same feelings I felt about his own career.


Which is a thing I'm just realizing like, yeah, he probably had some embarrassment, shame, you know. But we went through it all together and here we are still Here. Was it really, I Emini here. I know personally you had things going through. Yeah. But was the industry really that bad? Like was the beehive and all of those, was that real, like, when they were coming at you, was that had anything to do with you taking the step back that you took? Yeah, that was the other side of it. So it was a heartbreak in that. Yeah, that's what I was saying in the beginning of our interview, yes. It was that, it was like me wearing the mistakes, but it wasn't necessarily okay. No CDs were ever thrown at me. That would've been a totally different story. 'cause it would've gone very differently. You mean CDs thrown at you? I, Yeah. That was a rumor that they said that they threw Beyonce's CDs at me on the street or something.


Wherever they said that happened. That had never happened. It was online. It was like the, what did you call it? Online? Jumping. Jumping. Jumping, trolling. Jumping online on jumping troll. Yes. It was like, no matter what I posted, the response was bees, no matter what I said, no matter what the caption was, no matter how beautiful I look, no matter what, how, why I'm on this carpet, no matter what it was like just everywhere, you know, online and interviews as well. Like, it was like I couldn't do anything on my own without her name being mentioned. Which, yeah. It just, I couldn't live it down. I just felt like I could, everywhere I went, they're like, so Carrie And I would just, I would just freeze. I would just freeze. That's natural. And I'm like, I don't wanna step in.


I don't wanna say anything wrong. I don't wanna say anything else wrong. Like I don't wanna step in it, so I'm just going be quiet. And eventually it came to, I don't even wanna show up anymore. I don't even wanna go, go anywhere. I don't wanna do anything. I just don't wanna do this anymore. Wow. And was there industry backlash? Like did people start fronting on you because they wanted to be in her good graces? Probably. It's fair to suggest that probably some of the people that I had been working with took that position. But I don I wouldn't know. But it, I I would say it's likely Now the only person you should be protecting now is you. That's right. In Your peace. Right. Right. That's all I know. That You know nothing to nobody. Right. That part. That part. And that's how I feel. The only thing I owe anybody is me.


And, and to have the fresh start that I've been fighting for now. That's, that's what I owe myself. Well, Let's get into a joint off the album. Let's get back to the music. Okay. What do you want to hear off the album? I think all we can play is bay. All right, so let's get into it. Right Now. You talk about somebody. Hmm? You want to talking about it? No. Oh no. So Here you Go. This album you got, she got the Temptation story that comes out April 26th on Lifetime. That's Right. Yes. Fame. Yes. April 26th. And my album drops the 18th. That's right. So like a week before that. And the the tell 'em about the series on YouTube. I really want people to go watch this me, me. Because it will help you with the music and it's a background to you. Yes. And it kind of sums up the conversation we've had this morning. Yep.


And how I feel coming back in. So that I think is the breast a great preface to hearing the music. So yes, it's on my YouTube page at Keri Hilson you'll see a series called Me Versus Me six episodes. They're shorts. And the album is actually released in three parts. That's what I thought you were gonna say. But it's released in three parts. So you're, I've been gone so long. I was like, I owe people more than just one EP or one album. So I'm releasing basically three, three series of work, three series, three bodies of work inside of one album. Oh, I thought you was getting your Michael Jackson omatic on with the nine song. No. Oh, okay, okay, okay. Yeah. So you'll see them grayed out as they're there. But it's all one album. All called We Need to Talk.


And right now you're getting the love portion. So we're starting there. I'm telling a story. So what's after the love portion? It's really neat the way I decided to do this. What's That? For The love portion. Drama after Drama Redemption. Ooh, Okay. So you, so you feel like there's unfinished business in music for you basically. I do. Alright. I'm happy for you. Yeah, because I, I just like the, that you got it mapped out. You know how that's how you wanna reintroduce yourself to this. Love it. To this new generation. Thank you. That's dope. It feels like, it feels like you're getting through all of the things that you probably had to take a, you my dad had to take a step away to better understand what was happening. To better articulate how you felt in it. Yes. It feels like that. Yeah. You're really wise. Oh girl, thank you. You really wise. She asked me, she had me crying yesterday asking, you gotta put some Context Today. Provoking questions.


Oh, okay. Yeah. Not no. Good, good crying. Crying isn't bad. But you made me feel, which is not that normal to have to think that deeply. So I appreciate when I get to So, and thank y'all 'cause it's the same here. Well Thank you for joining us and thank you for coming. 'cause I know that had to be difficult the first time you, because I seen it in your face like you didn't know what to expect. So when I watched it, I seen you look at him. Especially the short guy over there. Like me And Carrie always been good. I know, man. We been good. Yes. People don't Be like me. You are scary though. See me? Yes, because you're such a wild card. You're like a landmine. I don't do Cocaine anymore. He never did it. Cocaine don't play like stop. They won't Believe that. What's funny was in my head I was like, oh, That would explain that.


Now we could give him some grades. Right? You had, you had an issue, a problem. Oh my goodness. Kerry Hilson. It's The Breakfast Club. Good morning. Morning everybody. It's DJ Envy, Jess, Hilarious. Charlamagne the guy. We are The Breakfast Club. You can check out that full interview on our YouTube Breakfast Club am YouTube page. Now let's get to the latest with Lauren. Lauren becoming a straight face. She gets them from somebody that knows somebody. Well, she gets into details. I'm the home girl that knows a little bit about everything and She be having the latest on The latest with Lauren la Sometimes facts, sometimes you have details. Sometimes she have a little bit of everything. What was the latest on The Breakfast Club?


Talk, Talk to me. Alright y'all, so there is some more with Tony Busby and Jay-Z. So remember Jay-Z sued Tony Busby in his firm for defamation after the lawsuit was dropped with the woman who they claimed, who claimed that Jay-Z and Diddy raped her when she was 13 years old, back in 2000 Who lied about Jay-Z Exactly. Going back and it was all, it was the, the case was dismissed, it cannot be brought up again. Now, when it dropped, people were like, well whoop. Behind the scenes went down for Busby to completely back off. Now Busby is coming out and basically saying that he wants Jay-Z's defamation lawsuit dismissed. So what he is, what Busby is claiming is that him and Jay-Z's legal team struck a deal behind the scenes and that Jay-Z didn't hold up his part.


But Jay-Z's attorney Spiro is saying that that is completely BS that did not happen. So Busby is claiming that Jay-Z used his fame to bully this, you know, this woman into dropping the case. And that, that there was, I guess like emails exchanged between Busby's attorney for the firm and for himself. And between Jay-Z's attorney. And in those emails they had agreed to certain things. One of the things that they had agreed to was that some of the sanctions or the penalties or consequences that Jay-Z's team was asking for Busby's team to have to like, you know, endure because of certain things that they found were wrong, certain ways that he filed things and you know, just things like that for them, for them to back up off of that.


And he's saying that because they didn't honor parts of this because remember that the, the audio clip that we had heard where the woman was on audio saying Jay-Z had nothing to do with this. Yeah. They're saying that when Jay-Z's team continued to further investigate Busby and his firm and, and, and send investigators to do things like that audio, it violated this agreement. So now he's saying, you know what, this whole case should be dismissed because we only dropped our case in the beginning because of this agreement. Now Spiro, who No, give it up. Busby Spiro, who is Jay-Z? Jesus Christ. Spiro, who is Jay-Z's attorney says that that is completely bs He says that it's a total lie. What actually happened was Busby brought false claims, lost badly and was forced to dismiss quickly.


End of story. Yep. Now Spiro did acknowledge in court documents that he filed that attorney, Busby's attorney did reach out to him about dismissing the case with Jay and, and wanted to strike a deal. But Spiro says that he made it clear that Jay-Z would never settle the lawsuit or pay any money to resolve it, given the fact that the accusations were completely false. Spiro also does acknowledge that they requested for him to, why did my thing just messed up like that? That they requested for him to stop investigating this woman doing things like, you know, sending investigators and just looking into more details. It sounds To me like Busby's trying to save his reputation at this point. Yeah. Yep. Yeah. Emini here sounds like it. He's been trying to save his reput reputation on this from the beginning.


Remember he was sitting back and Between this and all of this, the, the civil suits he had to drop for Diddy. Yes. It's like, yo, your petition in shambles. Yeah. You like an ambulance chasing lawyer To me, Spiro is saying, who was Jay-Z's attorney? He's saying the, the, the fact that they thought that we said that we were gonna back off investigating this when this was false and our claim against our client was completely false. That never happened. But there was, again, the, the case with was dismissed without, I'm sorry, with prejudice, meaning it cannot be brought up again. But right now in court, that's the back and forth busby like, yo, I I feel like this should be tossed out. I love the fact that Ho is taking this all away. Yeah. I love this because you hopefully to stop attorneys from doing this because you never know who's gonna fight.


And Jay got the money to fight and Jay got the money to protect his reputation. I'm glad to see this. Yeah. They should investigate Busby Moore. How many cases is Busby taking like this, these ambulance, you know, chasing cases and ruining somebody's whole life. And reputation. And reputation. That's right. And they Emini here. It's weird. They're still not backing down. Like he's still claiming in this. She was standing on her claims and she was willing to go forward, but she was bullied. I think they're trying to not think. I know that that audio we heard, they're trying to explain what we heard on that audio basically since she was bullied into saying certain things. So we'll be following this because the judge is supposed to make a decision on, on, on what's gonna happen. And I believe the judge was asking to hear the audio again before they made a decision. Like the full audio of Gotcha. How she was asked the questions. Boo, We don't believe you.


You need more people. Okay, move on. Jesus. All right, well Lati was the latest with Lauren Charlamagne. Who you giving that Donker too, Man. Four. After the hour there's a 350 pound teacher named Jason Rogers who needs to come to the front of the congregation. We would like to have a word with all of him. Okay? Mm. What does he teach? I don't know. I know that ain't Jim. It doesn't sound like phy. Alright, we'll get to it next. It's The Breakfast Club. Good morning, Wake up. Wake up. You're locked into The Breakfast Club. Your Execution on the Donkey of the Day is something to go Read. They gave me Donkey Of the Day And I deserve the Even need to know. Well you need to tell them I am. You have the voice. Tell them. Tell it's time for Donkey of the Day.


It's a read, but you're so good at it. Trying to be a fake ass Charlamagne. Only one Charlamagne. This be fun. Charlamagne who give the Donkey of the Day too, man. It's recording. You ready? For people that don't know Jess Hilarious is actually doing a recording for Charlemagne's Donkey today. Today because When you work at iHeart, you gotta have multiple jobs. Okay? Alright, donkey, today for Wednesday, April 9th goes to a 350 pound teacher named Jason Rogers. Now, I am not here to fat shame anyone this morning. I wouldn't even be bringing this man's weight into this donkey if it wasn't pertinent to the story. In fact, in an effort not to fat shame Jason Rogers.


I will say nice things like I believe Jason Rogers has a six pack is just hidden underneath a protective layer of fat. Okay? The same women the same way women have like protective hairstyles like corn rolls and, and wigs, right, Jess. Right. And twists. Sometimes people get fat on purpose to protect the incredible physique they have underneath all that. Okay? Fat people can unlock that hidden character in that video game anytime they want to. Okay? I am not here to fat shame anyone this morning. Fat people are in shape. Round round is a shape. Anyway. Jason Rogers was charged with malicious punishment of a child after he allegedly stepped on three students backs during a lockdown drill.


Let's go to KBTX CCBs three for the report please. An Underwood, Minnesota teacher is facing charges after deputies were called to an area hospital for a report of an assault. Jason Rogers is charged with one count of malicious punishment of a child and is on administrative leave from the school district. Deputies were called to Lake Region Hospital for a reported assault at Underwood School. A sixth grader says that he was laying on his stomach during a lockdown drill when Rogers stepped on his back with both feet. Geez. Court records indicate that Rogers weighs more than 350 pounds and Rogers admitted to stepping on three students who weren't cooperating during the drill. He's scheduled to be in court on April 8th.


What? I feel like I tell y'all this once a week, but please don't become a teacher if you truly don't care about kids. Jason, you know you 350 pounds, what the hell you doing? Stepping on those kids for you told police that you were frustrated. They weren't taking the lockdown drill seriously. Well, there was other ways to show them why they should take this seriously. What if those kids were frustrated? You weren't taking your health seriously? What if they told you that you should be teaching history? Because just like history, you are heavy and full of layers. Not to mention during a lockdown drill, they didn't need you to lock the door because your big ass was already blocking the entrance. Okay? Don't even need a damn barricade. All we need you to do is stand in front of the door and create a human wall with built-in snack storage.


Okay? I am not fat shaming, by the way. I'm just making observations. All right. Jason stepped on these students because he was frustrated with them. Well, what if they bought a scale for you to step on every day because they frustrated with your big bodied self? Huh? Not to mention a lot of the kids were complaining that Mr. Rogers assigned homework like he ordered fast food in bulk and with no shame. Mr. Rogers Fat. Mr. Rogers. Okay. Fat Mr. Rogers is crazy. Okay? Fat Mr. Rogers sat down to tie his shoes and it was considered a two part episode, okay? Fat Mr. Rogers trolley didn't go to the land of make believe and went to the land of all you can eat. There is not a cardigan in America that could fit fat. Mr. Rogers. Okay?


Fat. Mr. Rogers wouldn't wear a cardigan. He would wear a weighted blanket with but with buttons. Okay? Fat. Mr. Rogers cardigans weren't hand knit. They were engineered by SpaceX and they had the ability to withstand body heat and snack crumbs. But I am not fat shaming. I am just making observations about a situation. See what's sad is kids trust in adults. Okay? You are a teacher. These kids' parents dropped them off every day to be in your care. So when I hear one of the children say, I did not know why Mr. Rogers did this, because Mr. Rogers didn't say anything about it, didn't even even try to correct him. He's just sitting there all fat and frustrated. Okay? Portly and perturbed, dumpy and disturbed. Didn't even tell the kids what the issue was.


And then if the kid described it just stepped on him like he was a stepping stool. Mm mm Mm I bet money Jason Rogers thinks more of the stepping stool than he does than he does those kids. Because I don't think Jason Rogers would risk putting that 350 pounds of weight on a stepping stool. Okay? He's 350 pounds. This man is terrified of the word steps. Ask his Fitbit. All right? When the class heard the child yell out, they thought that Mr. Rogers had broke the child's back. Man, it's not funny man. This is what the bully report says. That's Not funny. Jesus, won't you be my neighbor? My ass. Especially not on a plane. This is sad. I can't trust you to properly teach my kids.


Jason Rogers lunchtime can't be you and the students' most favorite time of the day. Pop tart pop quizzes. What do you enjoy more, Mr. Rogers? Listen, the moral of the story is a quote from John C. Maxwell. Students don't care how much you know until they know how much you care. I repeat, students don't care how much you know until they know how much you care. When students feel cared for, they are more likely to be engaged in the learning process and motivated to succeed. It's that simple. And one thing's for sure. Two things for certain. I know Jason wasn't no gym teacher. Please give Jason Rogers the sweet signs of the Hamiltons You of the day.


You the dog of the day. How? How old were these kids? I think it says sixth grade. Sixth Grade. Yeah. So that's the whole classroom. Really, if you think about it, at least take at least, let me see. I would say at least five kids to be three 50 in sixth grade. Some kids to be a hundred pounds in sixth grade maybe. Right? Maybe 80, 90. Close to a hundred. So Would you be like 12, 13? You know, I don't Know. He might be a math teacher though. How strong are those kids? A lot of additions. Baxter Uphold that 350 pounds. They weren't the man. They said the kid. The kid yelled out in pain and traumatized the whole class.


The class thought the kid's back was broke. Are you talking about I couldn't hold a 350 pound person stepping on my back. Could you imagine Mac one of our producers staying on your back? You do realize that's the whole donkey today was about. I'm Just saying, but I That's literally what the whole donkey, I think my back would really Been broke the fact that he shouldn't have been three 50 back. Emini here. I I, first of all, you shouldn't be standing on no kid's back. You, I thought Mack was walking in. I got a little nervous. All right, well thank you for that donkey today Sir. And Justice, thank you for holding the camera. You are welcome. You know I like it justice. Trying out other jobs just in case. Around here. Just in case. What?


Going live again tonight. Alright, when we come back, Larry Murrow will be joining us. He's the owner of Murrow Hospitality Group. He owns several restaurants in Louisiana, new Orleans area, a bunch of clubs, hide and seek Tree House. Murrow State, one of The greatest entrepreneurs in the country today. Spicy Mango. And we gonna talk to 'em next. It's The Breakfast Club. Good morning, The Breakfast Club. Morning everybody. It's DJ Envy. Jess. Hilarious. Charlemagne the guy. We are The Breakfast Club. We got a special guest in the building. Friend to the room. Larry mro, welcome back sir. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you for having me. How you doing? I'm Doing well man. How's everything with you?


Everything's good man. Just, just working. Just working. Larry A. Good brother, man, when I, I landed in New Orleans and literally everybody and their mama was like, you gotta go to one of Larry's spots. You gotta go one one of Larry's spot. You gotta go one of Larry's spots. And guess what, Larry opening up another spot. Larry Spot. Another would be Larry. Spicy Mango. Spicy Mango. Yep. A New Orleans Caribbean Fusion. So tell us about it. That's gonna be some So Spicy Mango, it's a new spot I'm opening up right there in the, it's, it's called Frenchman Street. So Frenchman is like bourbon but more local live music versus strip clubs and bars like live music restaurants and we'll opening right at the forefront of it. So a new concept. I'm opening up New Orleans, Caribbean Fusion giving like different vibes, you know, it'd be like one of one in New Orleans, you know, we have Caribbean spots but we, but we don't have that fusion to where you can get like that Tulum vibe, you know?


Yeah. We we're upbeat. Good food, you know, good vibes. You know, this is a stupid question because you know there's 20, 30 restaurants that exist in a city at one time. Do you ever feel like you're competing against yourself? Nah, I think could they all different concepts and different vibes. Like if you want like more of a New Orleans southern cuisine, you go to Morrow's. If you want Asian, a Asian fusion, you go to Sun Chung, you want a steakhouse vibe, different ambiance. Moral Steakhouse is amazing. Yeah. Total different vibe. You go tomorrow steak. But if you want like more brunch, outdoor type of vibe, you go to Monday, you know, that's my favorite one. Yeah. And Monday's a totally different, you know, spot than all of 'em. So when people ask me which one I like the best, it's kind of hard to say because they're all different. So it all offer different vibes.


So if they're more similar, maybe I can say which one I like the best. But you know, it depend on what I want. Which one Are you at the most? At one point I was at Monday the most because that's where the office, you know, is. But right now I'm at Spicy Mango, I'm at Marrow's because we just, you know, last year we bought the building, then we renovating. So we upstairs had Airbnbs gutted it, made it a kitchen bar, dining, private dining. So the expansion, we went from holding 85 people to holding maybe, you know, close to 200. Well you have a real Jamaicans in there sucking their teeth at you when people come in right before they Clothes. No, we, we got a lot of people. So it's, it's, it's, it actually our, our our, one of our head chefs, you know, she's Jamaican. So yeah, we definitely gonna have the real authentic Caribbean vibes and fusion.


Now also, you know, you do this with your mom and your grandmother. Yes. So break that down. How was working with, with your mom and your grandma? 'cause sometimes family business is not the best thing in The World, Man. Working with your mother And I love your mom and grandma. I love 'em to death. They always come out the kitchen show love, say, you know, hello. So I, I Love them man. It, it's, it is crazy 'cause working with my mom is definitely early on, like, we'll meet up at work and she'll, they still think I'm a son but mommy business partner. So it was a total different experience because we had to learn to work with each other. You know, we never worked with each other in that capacity. So it was challenging, you know, we, it was times where we were just, you know, it, it was tough for us to get along just because we're mom and son and you know, partners and stuff. So it was tough.


And me and my grandma, you know, I opened up this that spot And I, And I named it after her. It was like my me, you know, paying homage to just her journey, just everything she's done, you know, coming from a career to America and building that, you know, that that foundation for us to build on it was kind of me giving her flowers while she can still smell 'em. So that's what Sun Chung come from and you know, I open that up and you know, it's been cool. Of course she wants things to be the way that she envisioned and sometime, you know, it, it's not really the way that you can operate a business that does as much value as we do. More like a mom and pop. Yeah, you can, but you know, we're more of like High functioning. Yeah. You Know, more of like a corporate setup. Now I have hr, have, you know, marketing directors, just the whole team, you know, close to 500 employees.


You got some nice studs working in Mondays too. I wanted to say that they came out the kitchen to see me. Some good studs. They some nice, handsome and pretty still, you know, 'cause they, that's why you Like to go to Mondays all the time. Yeah. Yo And I haven't been to Mondays yet. Yo, Mondays look popping. I'll, I popping. They gonna come out the kitchen like, you like your food? I was like, yeah, no, That's funny. That's funny. So why they don't have like stud muffins? That'd be dope. Ooh. You know what I'm saying On the menu. Listen, listen. When they hear this, they gonna be Yes. I love that About studs already. Love Jess Noma stud magnet. Yeah. When you and your mom bump heads, like how do you shift it from business to personal? Well like a, you know, you bump heads, but then you still gotta go back to being your mom's nut. Well, So it of course it would affect personal, but it was more so when we first started to partner up because we had to figure out how to operate with each other.


She wanted her way, I wanted it in my way. And unfortunately you can't have it both ways. Sometimes, you know, sometimes you gotta really decide on which way we're going. So it's just us just, just learning and, but it did affect personal at times because if we are not talking at work, we're not talking, you know, at home. Or it may affect our personal and, and, and it's a challenge. But you know, you gotta be patient and you gotta just really learn how to operate with, you know, with family, you know, in amongst of just operating the business. Was the Super Bowl weekend, everything you thought it was gonna be? Yeah, man, super Bowl was, you know, my whole thing was to just, it's when I do, when I produce events, it's not just about making money, it's about showing up, showing up for the, you know, new Orleans as a whole. And you know, just when people come to New Orleans, like as y'all know, I like to show that Southern hospitality.


So I wanted to roll it out and, and and you know, get it popping. So that's what I did. You know, we had Travis Scott, Cardi B Meek, Gilli Wallow Gorilla. It Wasilla 50. Lotto 50. We have Sexy. It ended up not, not showing up because he had some something happen. He ain't come town. Sexy rig. Kai And I and everybody was there. It was crazy. So all that different spots. So I, oh I saw the party. So, so, so I had three different venues. I own a spot called Hide and Seek, which is a club, a spot called Triage, which is a club. And I rented out this venue called Empire. There's some good friends of my own, Alonzo and Joey. So I did that. And you know, the whole goal was to just really, you know, last time we had an opportunity, like this was All Star in 2017. So when, when something like this happens, I feel like it's a time to, to not just make money, but to really just have a great time and show everybody how we do it in New Orleans or, yeah.


I was gonna ask, you know, during Covid, a lot of restaurants at first did bad and then they picked back up. But then when, when The World opened back up, a lot of restaurants closed. We seen that with, with PF Chang's. They had problems and Applebee's, TJ Fridays Red Lobster even. Yeah. So how is is the restaurant business as far as you and how are you, you sustaining? Well it, it was one of those things where, you know, COVID kind of slowed everybody down. And me coming outta Covid, I was so motivated to do something, figure it out. 'cause I felt like it slowed everything down that I was doing. So I opened up Treehouse in 2021 Memorial Weekend and you know, everybody wanted to be outside. So I'm making,


The World is constantly changing. If it's up to you to decide how to respond, choose to be bold to try something new. Choose to reinvent yourself. That's what Nissan did with the all new totally reimagined kicks. The dynamic new exterior styling immediately announces that Nissan isn't messing around the interior. A completely redesigned cabin with premium features like wireless Apple call play and a panoramic moonroof make driving a kicks immersive and exciting. And with new performance and safety features, like intelligent all wheel drive, the kicks is both fun and safer to drive than ever before. It is the dawning of a brand new era for the Nissan Kicks. Only one question remains. Is it a new era for you as well? Drive the all new Reimagined Nissan Kicks today available Features compatible device service and consumer activation of Nissan Connect Services. Package required use only when safe and legal subject to third party service availability. For more information, see Nissan usa.com/connect/legal. Apple CarPlay is a trademark of Apple Link. Intelligent all wheel drive cannot prevent collisions or provide enhanced traction in all conditions. Always monitor traffic and weather conditions.


Hey fam, this is Carlos Miller from the 85 South Show. If you're like me, you are always thinking about how to level up your career. Maybe you're fresh outta college, just starting in your field or even looking to switch things up and find your true calling. Whatever stage you're in, remember that this is your time to grow, to learn, and to build something that lasts. State Farm understands that early career development is the key to long-term success. They've been a steady presence in our community and they know having the right support early can make all the difference. State Farm is there to help you make smart moves and to help you get the coverage you need. We all know that the journey to success is a marathon, not a sprint. It's all about staying focused, staying grounded, and making sure you're protected every step of the way. Let's build our careers with confidence knowing that State Farm is there to support us just like they've always been because like a good neighbor State Farm is there. Find out more at State Farm dot com.


Bring spring to your door with Target Circle 360. Get all you need for Easter hosting, spring get togethers and more with unlimited same day delivery through Target. Circle 360 from Easter basket goodies to fresh Florals. Getting everything the same day is easy. Open the Target app and bring the magic of the season to your door with unlimited same day delivery through Target Circle 360. Visit target.com/circle or the Target app for more details. Subscription required same day delivery is subject to terms, applies to orders over $35.


Hey everybody, it's your favorite play cousin Junior from the Stray Warning Show. The Toyota Tundra and Tacoma are designed to outlast and outlive. Combining raw power with precision engineering, all backed by Toyota's legendary reputation for reliability, climb a side of tundra and experience the uncompromising strength. With its available I force Max Engine. The Tundra delivers exceptional power, torque and towing capacity. Plus the spacious and high tech cabin keeps you connected on the run. Or check out a Tacoma, agile, dependable, and unstoppable. The Tacoma's designed for those who go beyond the trail. Stay ahead of the pack with available off-road features like crawl control or break out your tunes with the available portable JBL. Speaker Toyota trucks are built to last year after year, mile after mile. So outlast every adventure and outlive the moment. Buy a Tundra or Tacoma today. Visit buy a toyota.com. Toyota's official website for deals. Or stop by your local Toyota dealer to find out more. Toyota, let's go places,


you know, The most money I ever made. And so I got a taste for it. Like I had tomorrows open And I opened up Tree House And I got a taste for it. I'm like, I'm making this fast money. I wanted to reinvest it. So a lot of spots that were calling about to, to rent, they, you know, they weren't available. But at one point, you know, everybody started calling me. And during Covid man, I committed to like four locations, five locations. 'cause I opened up after Tree House, opened up five more locations and, you know, it kind of really just made me level up, you know, COVID made everybody feel like they had to do something, do more. Yeah. And so, you know, now Spicy Mango, I'm finally getting to a point to where we're about to open up due to just me not really understanding the industry and how much time and money it takes.


But it was a grind. And I, And I'm, I'm glad I did it. It taught me a lot. But to commit to so much and not really have a full understanding of what's all required, you know, it's like you really rolling the dice. So I'm, I'm blessed to just be at this point now where we're about to open up and, you know, this is a seven location and, and we've been blessed to see a lot of success in the industry. All we Got more with Larry Morrow when we come back. Don't move. It's The Breakfast Club. Good morning. Morning everybody. It's DEJ Envy, Jess. Hilarious. Charlamagne, the guy. We are The Breakfast Club. We're still kicking in with Larry Morrow. Morrow is the owner of Morrow Hospitality. If you're ever in Louisiana, I'm sure you stopped at one of his spots. Murrow Steak Sun Chung Hide and Seek Tree House.


And he has a new restaurant, spicy Mango. Charlemagne. What's the ultimate goal for you? Ultimate goal is of, of course is to inspire the, the next generation of black, you know, restaurateurs, black hospitality. 'cause in this industry, it's not many people that look like us that I can go to and get advice from. I have a lot of friends who I talk to have great successful businesses and that's been great mentors to me, but it's not many people that I can talk to. So I think definitely inspiring the next generation of black culinary, black hospitality, but also, you know, growing something that like, just fo just something for my family, you know, it is bigger than just the, the, the money. It's the legacy. It's about building something that can take care of me and my family.


You know, not just this generation, but the next one. You know, because Somebody said to me, somebody I, I don forgot who I was talking to. They was like, yeah, we, we might connect with Mores the franchise. And I'm like, I don't know if I want that. Not franchising. Yeah. Yeah. I'm Not franchising. Yeah. I'm be like, why would you leave New Orleans? No. Well, well no. Well, so, so not franchising. Okay. Right. I got a lot of people who called about franchising or just even companies that want to invest into what we're doing, a hospitality group. But right now it's like, you know, we're doubling down. Actually had a conversation yesterday with a good friend who invested into a lot of different ventures and extremely successful. And he was just like, man, it's time to start taking, you know, it's time to start raising money. Right. You're doing extremely well, but imagine how, how, how big you can get if you do. So I'm, I'm, I'm conflicted on what we're, what we're going to do.


But the goal is to, you know, become, you know, one of the largest black hospitality groups in the country and not limited to, you know, we just want to be able to inspire people through what we're doing. I never knew I was gonna be in this industry, but to be in it and to do something with my moms, to have my family involved, it's a feeling less indescribable, you know, is Atlanta and Houston X Houston? Hey Houston, For sure. That's where you spending the most time. Spend the most time. Houston, I've been living in Houston for like three and a half years. You know, I got some homies out there who, who've kind of been a tremendous help. Like a life. Those are some guys in the industry, you know, hospitality industry that I really admire and respect what they do. You know, 'cause they, they've done it even prior to me getting into it. You know, I will see what they're doing.


And that's one of the people that I can say that Junior Martin and Big J, that I was really inspired by somebody who looked like me. You know? Is the food gonna taste the same though in Houston? It is. You know, I'm like, I I, I'll be there. My mama will be there and it's a 45 minute flight. Right. Okay. You know, we're real, you know, it is all about just the, the structure that you have, like the, the, the chefs and just the, the systems that you have. So, you know, I'm anal about everything, man. So Emini here Sure. That, you know, we, we are on point with that. When is Spicy Mango opened? So, spicy Mango is about about 30 to 45 days out. Right? So sometime next month in May, we'll we'll be opening Soft. Won't really do a grand opening probably into June, closer to Essence. So, you know, we gonna take our time. Yeah. Just to kind of ease into it.


Not really like, you know, broadcast it that we're open, but just open soft and get the kinks out just so that when we do fully open, you know, we're prepared. Yeah. And you know, Larry, you always are a very, you know, you're the, you're the consummate businessman always so professional. What happened with you and the, the the food reviewer? Man, I can't really ask you that. What happened? But it was a video of of, of Larry interacting with a few reviewer. And the food reviewer tried to, well he tried to take his phone. Oh, he, no, he tried to take your phone, man. I don't remember what happened, but I don't know what happened. I just know Larry ended up throwing hands. No, no. Larry, you throwing hands down and dirty Man. Damn. But, but nah, Honestly, man, just being a, a black man and successful young in a city where like New Orleans, I think in any city you just run into issues at times.


You know, like I'm outside majority, like more than 99% of the people. And when you are, you know, things happen. You know what, Emini here. But you need Security though. La I see you floating around the city by yourself. You need buffer. No, no, no. I have security. But you know, it is like, I like to be alone. A lot of times. That's the issue. I like to be alone a lot of times, so people don't know. I'm like this introvert extrovert to where I've been around so many people for so long that I, I I enjoy being alone. Yeah. So it's kind of like what I've morphed into over the years just because of it. It's so much in this industry, but man, I just learned like, you know, just, just sometime things happen and there's never no hard feelings. But, you know, at the end of the day, you know, when it come to anything that is mine, I'm gonna definitely protect it, you know, by, by any means.


So just sometime unfortunate situations happen, it ain't never intentional, but, you know, it just happened. And it's interesting to hear you say that you been living in Houston the last few years because I I thought you were still living more. Nah, But I'm never really there. I'm never really there. Just because once I committed, I, I, I moved out there during Ida and that's when a storm hit New Orleans in 2021, the, the first year, everything really opened up. And I thought I was gonna be able to be out there more. But when I, when I committed to all these restaurants, like I couldn't go to Houston and spend all the time I wanted out there because I didn't know that it was gonna require all this time and energy. And so, you know, I ended up just keeping it just so I won't get so comfortable in New Orleans and decide not to take that next step, you know?


So Yeah, because I'm, I'm really looking forward to that next step in that next chapter to where we expand. And I, I think, you know, I, I've done a great job of just doing what we doing in New Orleans, but now it's time to just really spread those wings. All right. Well we appreciate you for joining us if you are in New Orleans, whole New Orleans, because people in the comments were saying that, that you needed to get out New Orleans because the hat is so real for successful people. Do you feel that way, Man? Yeah. And in my OGs told me he had a conversation yesterday, right? Canan. Right. And he was just saying that like, being a black man ain't easy, man. Just no matter where you are, just being successful and black wherever you are, it is different because like, I had a conversation with a friend of mine as well. He looked different than me. Successful, extremely wealthy. And I'm, I, I explained to him, I say, you won't, you know, you don't have the same problems that I have And I may not have the same problems you have, but, you know, being black and successful in any city, especially a smaller city where it's not as, it as big as in New York, right.


Emini here, you can sometimes be a target or just stand out. So, you know, it it, it is, it is tough. But you know, that's just what come with it. You know, it's not something, it made me realize that years and years ago, I used to, you know, I, I become more protective about what's mine and not so open about everything, you know? So, because you start to just realize that, man, it just ain't the best just for everybody to know everything about what you got going on. Yeah. What's happening. I'm already outside a lot. You know what Emini here, just because I'm got my businesses and stuff. So it's tough, but you know, it is what it is. It come with it. Somebody gotta do It. Somebody gotta do it, you know? All right. Well if you in New Orleans, definitely check out, tell 'em the lineup of all the restaurants. So come to New Orleans. Check out Morrow's Monday, sun Chung Marrow Steak.


Spicy Mango is opening up in about 30 to 45 days at New Orleans Caribbean Fusion in the class. Of course you gotta, you gotta come to Treehouse. Treehouse. Yeah. You gotta come to Tree house. You gotta come to hide and seek, you know, so, so far seven locations, we'll maybe open up a more soon. Just really depend on, just really depend on a few different things. But yeah, definitely plan on, you know, moving to Houston. Congratulations. I love more state, man. Congratulations. What just said is true. 'cause it got, it got the ambiance but then it got just the, the dope ass Southern food. Like, and Larry set me and my wife up 'cause it was our anniversary that weekend. We had a ball Place. Thank You very much. Nah, I appreciate y'all. Thank Congratulations. And if you want nightlife, that's the, it is the one of the safest places to go to. You check out Tree House on Mondays is, like you said, you never know who's in there. I'd been in times where Nas was in the back cut in the corner, chilling.


I'd have been a time where Fab was in there. Cardio, it doesn't matter. But appreciate you for joining us, bro. I appreciate Y'all. Thank y'all. It's Larry Morrow. It's The Breakfast Club. Good morning.


The Breakfast Club baby girl. Go get your tickets for the third annual Black Effect Podcast Festival. Happening Saturday, April 26th in Atlanta, Georgia. We 17 days away. That's right. Ooh. 17 days away from the third annual Black Effect podcast festival at Paulman Yards in Atlanta. Tanking j Valentine will be on that stage doing their RB Money podcast. Sarah Jake Roberts will be on that stage doing her Woman of Ball podcast. So go get your tickets@blackeffect.com slash podcast Festival.


Hey, no, it's gonna be sold out. You coming? No, no, no. I actually gotta, I think I gotta be in Texas. Oh, I'm, I'm be, I got my panel got switched to. I'm doing a creator's panel now. Are doing our panels on. Yeah. Moderating a panel. This is my first black effect festival. That's right. Hey, congratulations Lolo. Thank you girl. That's What's up. Well let's get to the latest with Lori Lauren becoming a straight face. She gets from somebody that knows somebody. She gets into details. I'm the home girl that knows a little bit about everything. She be having the latest on the latest with Lauren la sometimes. Sometimes she have details, sometimes she have a little bit of everything. What's the latest on The Breakfast Club? Talk. Talk to me.


Who must be Lauren? What? Oh my God. Oh nevermind. But Robert Slim D's apartment in Houston has been burglarized. That thieves came in. They took jewelry, cash and more. He actually went online and talked about it. Slim thug dig. Let's take a listen. I tried to shoot to go see the cos and shit. Didn't wanna miss the experience. Broke my spot. Petty Thie hit a good lick, man. They got me from my jewelry. I was slipping. We working on it. I was trying to do a little quick turnaround, go to The World game and come back And I got caught in that traffic trying to get back. I'm in the penthouse. How the fuck did they get in the penthouse is what I want to know.


The penthouse. You only can have a fall from my floor. I'm gonna get this insurance money. I'm gonna buy me a car. I ain't buying no jewelry, you know? Yeah. And I can't see how they didn't stand out in the crowd. When you look at things while here, I can't see how the building missed this. I don some mickey. My There's some inside. Right. Definitely some inside stuff. If you live in a penthouse. I felt like that too. 'cause how you get past security up all the floors. And he said in the video that they have or the images that they have, you could he, he said they wouldn't have blended with the crowd that live in the building where he lives At. I know exactly what he talking about. He said they In as soon as, As soon as he said that, I knew exactly what type he was talking about.


They Said they got him good. They said he got the good stuff too. He, he was, he, he Chuck, you know it was one of those laughs that you pissed off. He like, they got the good stuff stuff. They, They got me. Yeah. Damn me. They all going to jail by the way. You Said they are. Yeah. So If you broke into a penthouse, you on video, you said they got video Absolutely gonna jail. I'm sure they was ski masked up. You know when you always see the eyes. If he was in the ski mask, you definitely look like you was standing out. Yeah, yeah, yeah. Now that you say that. Yeah, definitely. I doubt he had a ski mask on though. Yeah, he said that they have footage, so it's video. They were, he said they knew that they were black dudes. He said that he actually was at the game in San Antonio on Monday night. And he was like, it's just crazy how you can't be out nowhere. 'cause then people see you out and then they, you know what Emini here, they know to go in your spot. So Well somebody knew he wasn't gonna be there clearly. Yeah.


Yep. It was a three hour drive and he talked about getting caught in the traffic on his way back home. So it gave him more time. So yeah, that story is develop, developing. No arrests had been made as of now. But police do say that they are investigating, so damn. Yep. Lock 'em up. Go get they ass put, throw 'em under the jail. Did you say I like people that do stuff like that, man. Get to the point where he say he didn't have insurance because he said insurance, the amount of the value of all the stuff that he had on The, on the jury, he Said cost em like 10,000 a month. So he just didn't get in. He didn't have insurance and all this stuff. So It's just so wacky. Break into somebody house, people done worked hard for they, you know, that's right. The items that they have and that's what you go do. Be a petty thief. Lock they ass up. I'm With you. Well, in other news, Jonathan Majors, he was on the Generation Iron podcast.


He was talking about the new movie that he has Magazine Dreams. Now this interview for context is from April 2nd. But I thought that the conversation was good And I wanted to bring it in this room because we had actually kind of talked to him about this a bit, but it wasn't direct for the first time that I've heard. He is acknowledging the fact that he knows that even though this performance was good, ain't no way he's winning an Oscar be, let's take a listen. So As an actor, do you think about, you know, well what else can I get with this movie? Right? Meaning the, like awards and things like this. Is that, is that in your head or do you kind of like, not even thinking about that? I don't really think about it. Why? I just got other things to think about. And I've got people on my team that can think about those things. If, if they present themselves the shit I went through, the way that hit the press, the way I was dragged, the things I've, things I've had to deal with and heal from and, and all that.


That's, that's completely, that's it's a wrap. You know what Emini here, like, like I appreciate the hustle. I appreciate the love, but I'm a part of the academy And I can tell you right now, it's not gonna happen. Do I love hearing people talk about it? Like, whoa, Jay, blah blah. Yeah. 'cause guess what? It's out there now. I don't wanna talk too hard about it, but will I love that for the picture. Absolutely. But I don't need it. It's gonna get me another job someplace. Yeah. But maybe not. Mm. And you know what you actually did, how was it going on? Yeah. Behind the scenes. But you actually did tell him he would not win. What is it an Emmy for that? I forget what we were Oscar. No, no Oscar. Yeah, you did, you did tell him that.


Yeah, but it was because afterwards, Because I said all's fair, I said everything is fair. No, you said it was a fair world. If it was a fair world, you'd win an Oscar and here goes Lauren stood up Lauren with the let down The World ain't fair. Exactly. Jesus damn Christ. The let down with Lauren. That's what it should have been called. The let down. Hey, Yo. No, because I was really sitting in here after our interview with him and was just thinking like, man, these things happen. Some things, you know, the the, the charges and all that were different than how they originally came out and you know, there's that whole conversation. But yeah, what he did have to stand up and say, Hey, I went and got, you know, help for, or I'm taking accountability for He did and still nobody's gonna care. Yeah. Nobody's gonna care that this is good. Nobody's gonna care about that. And it's so messed up because if you mess up, you mess up. They don't care how big or how small, depending on who you are.


And unfortunately a stain that stays on you forever, which is messed up in some people's eyes. Yeah. He doesn't have the complexion for the protection because Roman Polanski won an Oscar and he has been wanted in the US for statutory rape for 13-year-old girl since 1978. Oh. And he won an Oscar. Do you one better Russell brand who just actually ate probably like eight, nine days ago, was being charged. Is being charged with rape and sexual assault is now gonna be speaking at Florida's new college. He'll talk about cancel culture. So he'll he gonna speak on censorship and free speech while being interviewed by new college president Russell Ra Richard Quirk Kain during a speaking engagement scheduled for Saturday April 12th.


So He's been charged, but he's still able to speak at a college. I don I don't have a problem with that. Most colleges Would've, debted And I, Jonathan Majors would've never, most colleges Would've debted after being charged like that. Most colleges would though. Most college still would've been. So he hadn't been convicted yet. Those colleges still, oh no, you're right. Most College. I was gonna say, 'cause Jonathan Majors was the, the, the, the charges came out, the, the videos came out and things began to drop before he ever went to court. And we actually knew what was going. Oh, absolutely. But once again, Jonathan don't have the complexion for the protection. Do that one even better. Donald Trump is the president. What are we Talking about? Once again, Jonathan don't have the complexion for the protection. You go, you name a bunch. All we, all we do is name white people. Yep, That's right. Alright, Then we gotta wrap up. Yep. Which proves your point, char, right?


He doesn't have the complexion for the protection. Well, I was supposed to Get to, and that's why I wear a wig sometimes. What? The complexion is still your change. Yeah. That don't change your complexion, it just change your He's An idiot. Believe. Oh, I'm confused. S going, It just changes your gender. Charla idiot. All right, Well what's wrong with that? That wrong with president Y'all. In wrapping up, I wanna say we were supposed to get to Kenya Moore and you know, Indy Cohen on his radio show talking about the photos that she showed on the episode and liking them to revenge porn and Kenya being upset about that. But we couldn't get to it here. So tune into the podcast, the latest latest with Lauren la anywhere you listen to your podcast.


I broke down the background on today's episode, but to the next episode now will be the Andy Cohen conversation. And if that was right or wrong for him to say and do. Okay. All right, now up next we got the People's Choice Mix Salute to Alicia Keys. Today marks the one year anniversary of her play being on Broadway. Oh, I'm gonna see that next week. Hell's Kitchen? Yes. I'm gonna see Hell's Kitchen next week. So make sure you go get your, they doing something special tonight. I was supposed to go, but I can't make it. So Salute to Tank. Salute to Alicia Keys. But today's the one year anniversary, so you know how difficult it is to be on Broadway and to stay on Broadway. So make sure y'all go and support and for the mix. We going to start off with some Alicia Keys records because of that. Again, congratulations to Alicia Keys and the whole staff over there. It's The Breakfast Club. Good morning, You are checking out The Breakfast Club.


Morning everybody. It's DJJ Envy. Just hilarious. Charlamagne the guy. We are The Breakfast Club reminding you guys next Tuesday, my second book comes out, real Life Real Family. The first book, real Life Real Love was national bestseller. And Gia is gonna be joining us next Tuesday. I'm sure that's gonna be interesting. Absolutely Are. You are going talk about, you know, life after the orgasms in this book. You're an Idiot. No. What? No, because in the first book, and we talks about how No, you wrote it in the first book. I did write last in the first book, envy talks about how you gaslighting. He didn't make his wife orgasm for 10 years. This is triggering. So is there a light at the end of the tunnel? I'm Traumatized. Yes. There's light at the end of the tunnel. Okay.


Yes. So yes, we will discuss our six kids in that book. Yes. Just 'cause she had the kids don't mean she had an orgasm all Not about that. What, what is it About? She's having orgasms now, sir. Okay. That was when we were 16 years old. Oh, but You'll be here next week. Yes. So we can talk about it all. Oh my goodness. You better not ask that woman about It's in the book. It it's my as a journalist. Oh, okay. This you not A journalist, sir. A clown. I have to ask all Well, salute to Larry Morrow for joining us this morning. Hey. And also Kerry Hil stopping Through. I'm not even, I, I don't think y'all realize how good Larry Morrow's restaurants are. Oh, amazing. Whether it's the original Monroe's, we can go down there and get that good old fashioned New Orleans food or Monroe's Steakhouse.


I was, I was actually in New Orleans on my wife's me and my wife's anniversary last year, And I went to Monroe Steakhouse. Amazing, amazing spot, man. Yes. It's, and, and soon as you touch down in New Orleans, people are gonna be saying, you, you going to one of Larry's spots, right? Yep. You going to one of Larry's spots. He's really the unofficial man in New Orleans, to be honest with you. Right? And if you've been there, you probably already been in one of his restaurants that didn't even know. Didn't even know it. Yep. So Salute to Larry and Salute to Kerry Hilson. All right, when we come back, we got the positive note. It's The Breakfast Club. Good morning. Morning everybody. It's the j Nv Jess Hilarious Charla guy. We are The Breakfast Club. It's time to get up outta here. Charlamagne, you got a positive note? I do. But I wanna tell people, first of all, go get your tickets for the third Annual Black Effect Podcast Festival. We are 17 days away.


We will be in Atlanta at Pullman Yards. Some of your favorite podcasts are gonna be on that stage. Sarah Jakes Roberts, Carrie, champion Tanking j Valentine with the RB Money podcast. Just to name a few. The Fool Trucks gonna be there, the Black Effect Marketplace. Everything you love about the Black Effect Podcast Festival, Nissan's gonna have their pitch, your podcast activation. So if you love podcasting culture, if you wanna know more about the business of podcasting, or if you just wanna come enjoy a day of great podcasts, that's where you need to be. The third annual Black Effect Podcast Festival. So go to black effect.com/podcast festival to get you tickets. Okay? Okay. Also, I will be in Orlando, Florida this weekend, y'all, I have two shows on Friday at The Funny Bone and two shows on Saturday at The Funny Bone.


Get your tickets@funnybone.com or just hilarious official.com And I will be doing meet and greet after the Late show on Friday and after the Late show on Saturday. Can't wait to see your Orlando And studs. Don't be doing crazy stuff like bringing your vibrators for just a sign. That's just ridiculous. Who did that? Who? Who did you even think of about doing it? That never happened. No, Nobody ever bought. Debbie told me Vibrator. Debbie told me that somebody bought a Yeah, You always lying on my peoples Desmond never told you that. Talking Des Banks crazy because you're not talking about my brother Des saying that. Definitely told me that the studs be bringing dildos for you to sign. No, they bring me all, they bring me weed, they bring me all kinds of stuff, but no stud has ever bought me a Now they will.


Right now they will. That's why he said it. He is a clown and I'm giving them all to you. Yeah, clown. Don't bring that back on the plane that happened to Vy one time. Remember that time you had that dildo on? On the Yeah. That dildo on the plane. Not true. Yes you did. It was not true. Angela, you put a dildo in your bag. No, it Was the other way around. You Put a dildo on Angela y Bag. Nah, that's crazy. Why would you touch him? Never went to Austin doing stuff like that. I'm never That's crazy. That's crazy. This is when we first, this is why Angel, you left. Now we're getting real. So, oh my God. Is that what she told you? You know what? Oh my God. Listen, the positive note is this. Do the best you can and tell you no better then when you know better.


Do better. Have a blessed day Breakfast Club. Bitches. Y'all finish or y'all done?


Taking control of your career is empowering. Just don't tell my boss. I said that Building a career just isn't about a job. It's about creating a path that impacts our community and future generations. Whether you're starting out or making big moves, State Farm is here to support you with resources to help protect what you're working hard to achieve. They've got your back every step of the way because like a good neighbor State Farm is there. Find out more at State Farm dot com.


Spring cleaning. Sure if we have to. But we're way more into spring streaming. Finding something to watch shouldn't feel like a chore. So we let Xfinity's entertainment experts do all the heavy lifting. They drop handpicked tv, movie and music recommendations right into your social feed. New premieres returning series, exclusive interviews. The top music playlist for MyHeart Radio and all the must watch moments. It's giving flowers and finales, fresh air and fresh entertainment. So take a break from those clean talk videos. Follow Xfinity on Instagram and TikTok for the best Spring streaming picks.


Hey everybody, it's your favorite play, cousin Junior from the Steve Harvey Morning show. You know, the Toyota Tundra and Tacoma are designed to outlast and outlive, backed by Toyota's legendary reputation for reliability. So get into a tundra. With available I force Max hybrid engine, delivering exceptional torque and towing capacity. Or check out a Tacoma with available off-road features like crawl control. It can take you beyond the trails. Toyota trucks are built to last year after year, mile after mile. So don't wait. Get yours today. Visit buy a toyota.com for deals and more. Toyota, let's go places.


Amazon one medical presents. Painful thoughts. Do they ever actually clean the ball pit at these kids' play gyms? Or is my kid just swimming in Nevada bacteria catching whatever coie of the day is breeding in there. A coie that'll probably take down our whole family. Luckily with Amazon One Medical 24 7 virtual care, you can get checked out for whatever ball Pitis you've contracted. Amazon one. Medical healthcare just got less painful.