
Everyone loves getting good advice and staying in the know, and there's nothing like getting a heads up on something before you've even had time to think about whether you need it or want it. Well, thankfully, at and t provides personalized recommendations and solutions so you get what's right for you. Whether right for you means a plan that's better suited for you and your family, or a product that makes sense for you and your lifestyle. So relax and let at and t provide proactive recommendations to help empower your best connected life.


Gear up for outdoor adventures with the 2024 Nissan Pathfinder. This midsize SUV is designed for Epic journeys offering spacious seating for eight available panoramic moonroof, and an available intelligent four wheel drive feature with seven drive modes. To take your offroad experience to new heights, discover the 2024 Nissan Pathfinder at Nissan usa.com. Intelligent all-wheel drive cannot prevent collisions or provide enhanced traction in all conditions. Always monitor traffic and weather conditions. Towing capacity varies by configuration. See Nissan Towing Guide and Owner's manual for additional information. Always secure cargo.


Had enough of those supplements that leave you feeling nothing. SymbioticA your solution to great tasting. All natural supplements that actually work crafted with premium plant-based ingredients. Their products have no seed oil fillers or artificial nonsense. It's just pure goodness on every pouch. Try them out and actually feel the difference today. Visit symbio attica.com and use code iHeart for 15% off, plus free shipping on your subscription order. Again, that's 15% off, plus free shipping on your subscription order. Go to symbio.com. That's C-Y-M-B-I-O-T-I-K a.com.


In this election, we each face a question, what kind of country do we want to live in? We choose freedom. Freedom, freedom, freedom. The freedom not just to get by, but get ahead. The freedom to make decisions about your own body. We believe in the promise of America and we are ready to fight for it because when we fight, we win win. I'm gonna Keep on running because a winner don't quit on themselves, Paid for by Harris for president.


You could sit there and listen to ads or you could take a moment to have a Diet Coke break. First, grab a chilled diet Coke 'cause If. you want it to be perfect. It needs to be crispy. Next, get a big cup of ice. 'cause everyone knows Diet Coke is best served swimming and ice. Then sip it slowly. Feel that burn and enjoy your break for as long as possible. When you need a break, don't forget to grab an ice cold Diet Coke and take a Diet Coke break.


Wake of wake of wake and wake up. Yeah, you guys really are like the hip hop. Early morning, late night. Talk to The Breakfast. Club is the most powerful, popular urban radio show in America. Live from the black mothership in New York City, DJ Envy, Charlemagne Nagar and Jess. Hilarious. Thank y'all for being Cultural leaders, man. I appreciate what y'all do for the culture Collectively known as Breakfast Club Bitch. I'm always nervous when I do The Breakfast Club because sometimes you say stuff and it's just gonna get you in trouble. Everybody wait. Good morning. USA Yo yo, yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo.


Jess is on maternity leave. What up, Lauren? Good morning, Charlemagne. The God Peace to the Planet is Friday. Yes, it's Friday. Good morning. Hey, listen, man, I feel blessed Black and Holly favored another day to serve. I I will be in New Orleans all day. And, I cannot wait. I will be at Xavier University at 10:00 AM first of all suit to everybody who listens to us on Q 93 in New Orleans, new Orleans. I'll be at, at Xavier University at 10:00 AM today in the Convocation Center. And then tonight at 7:30 PM I will be at Baldwin and Company Bookstore in New Orleans. So I can't wait to spend the day in New Orleans, man. There You go. Yes. All right. And SLU to everybody in Vegas, I'm heading out to Vegas.


Of course, the iHeart Radio Festival Music Festival is to tonight and tomorrow. So I'm gonna be hanging out with everybody backstage. I think I'm doing stuff with Big Sean, Victoria, Monet Sha boozy. So it should be a lot of fun this week. And if you're headed out to Vegas. All Right. But we still got a show to present to y'all today. That's right. Period. On the show, we have Nelly Ferdo. She'll be joining us this morning. Mm. And also Miss Pat, she's back. Okay. All right. So let's get the show cracking. We got front page news of Morgan. When we come back, it's The, Breakfast, Club. Good morning. And You know right now we got a world premier from Future called Two Fast is playing every hour on the hour morning, Everybody. It's DJ Envy, Jess. Hilarious. Charlamagne the guy. We are The, Breakfast Club. Lauren LaRosa filling in for Jess. So let's get in some front page news.


I gotta start with the sports. Last night, the Jets beat the Patriots 24 to three. The just look pretty good last night. I'm not even gonna lie. Just look good last night. Okay. Congrat, The Jet stole the New York Jet fan. Yeah. Congratulations to the Jets fans. And now let's get in some front page news. What's up, Morgan? Good morning. Good morning. What's up? Is is Friday? Cheers to the mother effing weekend? You feel me? There you go. So Vice President Kamala Harris participated in a live streamed event hosted by Oprah Winfrey. And she said, the 2024 election is about making it clear what we stand for. And the real strength of a leader is not who you beat down, but who lifts you up. Let's hear more comments from BP Harris with Oprah. It is about the ideals upon which we were founded, including the importance of freedom and, and, and, and the importance of independence and, and the importance of dignity.


You know, I'm not the only leader in this. We're all leaders in this. This is so much bigger than me. It's about who we are as Americans. So, VP Harris said if she is elected, she would also sign a bipartisan immigration bill. And she also spoke about gun reform and being a gun owner. Let's hear those comments from VP Harris. I'm in favor of the Second Amendment, and I'm in favor of assault weapons ban, universal background checks, red flag laws. And these are just common sense. These are just common sense. I thought it was so powerful at the convention. When you, when, when, when you said you have guns. No, at the debate, at the debate when I'm a gun owner, Tim, a gun, I did not know.


That breaks in my house. They're getting shot. Sorry. Yes. Yes. I I, I I hear that. I hear that. Probably should not have said that, but I my staff will deal with that later. Yeah. No, you absolutely should have said that. Ms. By Madame Vice President. That's exactly what she should have said. Because it's the truth. The language of politics is dead. Speak straight or don't speak at all. And every single gun owner has said this exact same statement multiple times. Protecting our homes is one of the main reasons legal gun owners possess firearms. Hmm. And I'm not mad at what she said. She's absolutely positively. Right. If, you come in my house, And, I, don't know who you are. You're unannounced. I'm shooting first asking questions last, get the F out my house.


I have six kids and a wife to protect. She's right. Come in my house. You, you, you getting shot? That's the whole point of being a gun owner. So, so, so I have no problem with Madam Vice president talking like that. And nobody else should either. So don't be a little, don't be a little snowflake liberal. Okay. All you little snowflake liberal democrats. I don't wanna hear y'all mouth this morning. All right. She's right. Right. So yeah, this comes as Harris leads Trump, 50% to 45% in a new nationwide Florida Atlantic University survey. Women favor Harris over Trump by seven points, while the two candidates are essentially tied among men. Overall. A New York Times Sienna poll has the race tied. A Fox News poll has Harris us up two points while a new Rasmussen report survey has Trump up by two elsewhere.


In political news, president Biden is celebrating the Federal Reserve's decision to cut interest rates for the first time in more than four years. This comes as the Central bank cut rates by a half point. On Wednesday, the decision lowers the federal fund's rate to a range between four point 75% to 5%. Let's hear those comments from Biden on the rate cuts. I'm not here to take a victory lap. I'm not here to say a job well done. I'm not here to say we don't have a hell of a lot more work to do. We do have more work to do. Interest rates are gonna be coming down, and they're expected to go down further. And that's a good place for us to be. So you, of course, the rates remained high at or at their highest level in over two years since last July or July of last year.


Rather, the Fed had maintained a goal of lowering inflation to 2%. August saw the 12 month inflation rate fall to 2.5%. It's the lowest since February of 2021. So, Well, that's good news. Watch That. That's Great news. Yeah. I'm thinking about getting, that's great news Core, Getting a new car. But You know what's so funny, right? Like, that's such great news and it sounds amazing. That's something that you could absolutely hang your hat on, but boy, as soon as you hear his voice, you just knew he wasn't gonna win in November. Okay? When you hear the contrast between him and Madam Vice president, don't it just feel good regardless of what happens in November? Don't it just feel good to have somebody that you feel like You know what? I can go out there and You know, be content with, with casting this vote.


Yeah. Yeah. You know. I ain't even feel like that with Biden. Y'all was just lying to y'all selves. Ain't don't say y'all, even when I come and bring these Biden clips sometimes, I'm like, dang, I know Charlemagne gonna get on my case about this one. And he is like, you don't, you don't even wanna hear from him anymore. Like moving on. It could sound like he about to fall. It just sound like he got a MAGA hat on. Every time I hear him talk, honestly A MAGA hat. Come on man. Cut it out. Jesus. All right, well that's your four page news for the 6:00 AM hour and the 7:00 AM hour, we will hear from president or former President Trump. He spoke with the Israeli American Council's National Summit. So yeah, he's gonna talk on the Israel Hamas War. Alright, we'll get into that next. Don't go anywhere everybody else get it off your chest.


805 8 5 1 0 5 1 If. you need to vent. Phone lines wide open. Call us up right now. It's The Breakfast. Club. Good morning, The. Breakfast Club. It's a new day. This is your time to get it off your chest wake. Wake up. Whether you're mad or blessed, it's Time to get up and Get something. Call up now. (800) 585-1051. We want to hear from you on The. Breakfast. Club. Hello. Who's this? What's up? Hey, what's up man? Get it off your chest. Hey man. What's up guys? It's BJ Envy. Charlo. What's up man? Peace. Peace. Speed. Lauren Laro is here as well. Oh, okay. What's up Lauren? What's up? Hi. Good morning. Morning guys. I just wanna say, man, tomorrow's my daughter's birthday.


Sunday's my wife's birthday. I just wanna shout them out and love them. Happy birthday Naomi. Happy birthday Viv. I love you guys. You guys are the best. You guys make me happy. Happy born day to the game. That's right. You gonna have a great weekend. You about to spend some money. Money. Alright man. Thank y'all. That's a lot of parties. Enjoy. Hello. Who's this? This Is kp. Kp. What's up? Get it off your chest Man. I just want to give a shout out to my local business I work for in Springfield, CJ's Refuge Hauling my uncle's, the owner just blessed this morning, man. God is good. How y'all doing this morning? Blessed black and highly favored brother. Yes sir. Yes sir. Alright, Well what's the name of the business? I didn't hear you. CJ's Refuge Hauling. We're a local trash business out of Springfield, Ohio.


Okay. Oh, so listen, have you seen anybody eating any dogs, Cats, or pet? No, sir. I knew that question was coming, but we have, like I said, my uncle's the owner, we have been told that the city wants to us to notify them if we do see anything like that in the trash. So you, You You know what's so crazy you Haven't seen any. Yes sir. It's not true. And therefore they got y'all looking out for something that don't even really exist, but they trying to find evidence Exactly. Of something that don't even exist. Exactly. Exactly. It's just that. Yes sir. All Right, kp, have a good one, brother. Yes Sir. Y'all too. Hello? Who's this? Hey, This Latoya. Hey Latoya. What's the matter? Latoya, you seem like you pissed off. Yeah, don't know. Nobody up here to owe you no money. We not your baby daddy.


No, you not my baby daddy. I just dropped my husband off to work. Okay. But however, I know I'm probably gonna get count from the culture, but I was thinking about this for about a couple of days. What's that? Now that we know that Kendrick is performing at the Super Bowl after he performs at the Super Bowl camp, we retire. He's not like that. You tired of They Not like us or whatever it Is. They not like us. You tired of that song already? Oh my God. It's like, it's in rotation every 15 minutes. Be on the highway at 3 30, 3 59. They sign, they for the four o'clock ride out and that's the first song that's gonna come on.


I'm like, come on now. Well, You know. I mean, it'll be like any other record that eventually You know runs this course. But I mean, it's the top 10 record still. You know was the number one record for a few weeks. Kendrick will probably have new music out by then, so I'm sure it'll it'll it'll do what it's supposed to do. Charlamagne. You feel me though? No, I, I I like the record. I'm with you. I mean, I'm with you. I'm with you. I get what you saying though. I, I, look, I ain't gonna lie, Latoya, it could be worse. It could be a, a slow song that we've been playing for the last nine months that they keep playing. So I'll take the Kendrick record over, over, over other records. Snooze. Is that I know too. Yeah. Soon as you said that, I thought about snooze. See, I, I'll take the Kendrick over the Snooze. Also, hip hop hasn't had an anthem in a long time.


Not like us. It was the first hip hop anthem in a while. Okay, well I, okay, I'll give it a couple of more months, but There you go. Have a good one. Latoya. You too. Well, imagine how Drake feel. Right? Whenever you feel like you tired of the record, imagine how Drake feels. Get it off your chest. 805 8 5 1 0 5 1 If. you need to vent. Hit us up now. It's The Breakfast Club. Good morning The. Breakfast Club. This Is your time to get it off your chest chief calling 805 8 5 1 0 5 1. We want to hear from you on The. Breakfast Club. Hello. Who's this? What up do What up do Peace. What's up my brother Up, man.


Hey, I wanna get off my chest about that. Did y'all hear about that tailgate shooting in Detroit? I during the Lions game this weekend? Horrible. I sure did. Yeah. Horrible man. It was a fight over while it was a argument over a parking spot and a guy came back with a gun and the guy, I mean, he was just You know talking junk with the gun. But then somebody came and pulled the gun out and shot him, but the bullet went through his head and hit somebody else. Two. So he killed two people with one shot, but he didn't get charged. I don't think it was after seeing the video. I don't think he could have got charged anyway. But Yeah, he did get charged. They said it was self-defense. They said he, they worried about charging him 'cause it was self-defense. But you not, Well he, he's not gonna get no type of like involuntary.


I don't, I don't know the exact term, but I the other person Yeah, the manslaughter for the person that he, nah, he Didn't, he's getting nothing because like I tell people, like I was arguing with people, I said, listen man, you can't stop a bullet. And it's not like he shot recklessly. He shot the person that he was trying to shoot. Just the bullet didn't stop. Right. Yeah. And it hit somebody else. So I didn't think he should get charged anyway. But I'm just tired of You know you're rude in a good thing. You know Detroit didn't even have tailgates police for us. And now they got You know people are tailgating and now you're bringing guns and stuff to something that shouldn't be there. So it's just crazy. I just wanted to get that off my chest. But If he didn't have that gun, I and And I don't know the complete details. 'cause I mean, he didn't get charged. It was self-defense. But if he didn't have that gun, could they would've beat him up or they would've hurt him though, right?


Well, yeah, he, he brought, he brought a gun. Like it was an argument between people and it wasn't even, to me it didn't even look like it was escalated when he looked at the video. Mm. But he bought a gun and he got his face with a gun. So when is the time to self-defense? I think, I would think that's the time to use your gun. If somebody's waving a gun at you, you're not gonna wait. This is not like school and like, wait until he punches you. This ain't wait until he shoots you. No, that's True. You know. Yeah, you're right. Yeah. Yeah. So yeah, he didn't get charged And I didn't think he should have got charged, but I'm just tired of the guns being there anyway. You know what I'm talking about. Absolutely. Absolutely. Yeah. I You know, I don't know what laws the gun laws in, in, in, in Michigan, but I usually, you're not allowed to carry You know a firearm to those type of events legally.


You know. Yeah. What it wasn't, it was a, it was a no, it was not a no gun zone. So, and and they they both had their streets. Yeah. They both, they both had guns. So clearly, clearly that's a, that's a normal thing. Well, thank You Kenny. No doubt. Y'all be safe out there. Alright. But that's also another reason why you just You know Don't, don't pull your gun out. If. you ain't planning on using it. Right? Hello? Who's this? Hey, good morning. This is James calling from North Carolina. What's Up James from the Carolina. Let's get it up for your chest. Yo, I just recently found out, man, extraterrestrials is for legit real. There's this dude, Louis Elizondo, who used to be in charge of this group over in the Pentagon. He wrote a book called Imminent.


And he says these extraterrestrials have been here for decades if not longer. Is That the guy that Yeah. And they're interested in, Is that the guy that was on the Daily Show the other night? Yeah, that's him. That's him. I, yeah, I meant to order that book. I'm gonna order it right now. Thank you for the reminder. Yeah. I think I'm gonna take it out myself, man. Because he said, he said some interesting stuff on there. I was like, oh, snap. Well, I've been there, done that. I've seen extra Terrestrials myself. You know, I I I read about, I wrote about him in my first book, black Privilege Opportunity comes to those who create it. But yeah, I I I saw him on a daily show the other night. And I want, I meant to order his book too. I I, I don't know how you cannot believe in extraterrestrials. Like when you just look at the earth and you look at how diverse the earth is and you look at all the different forms of life on earth, you don't think that You know there's, there's extraterrestrial life in life as diverse like that around all these different universes.


Yes. So you think God just created earth and everything else is definitely out there. I don't know. You sound stupid. You're dumb. I don't know. You don't believe in yourself. But do We, so the p the the extraterrestrials, are they like a mockup of us? Like do I got a twin? No, they're probably, they're probably way smarter than us. Way more intelligent than us. Like way more. We, for all we know, we might be the most primitive life in all of these solar systems. I'm just trying to get my nails fixed. You trying To get, just trying to get them Out out. Like that's a lot. You have to worry about extra terrestrials now Too. No, it's not. Like, look, You know. You don't even know what's in the ocean. For real. I don't. That's why exactly. I, when I go on these, these trips say no, I swim a little bit, but I'm not doing all that deep sea diving. I'm not trying to find new stuff. The, the, the, the Earth is 75% water.


We don't even know what's all out in the ocean. For real. So you think we know what's all out there in space? Man, y'all better think bigger than yourselves for once. Okay. She just look like a kid. This sister got scolded by the teacher. Okay. Yeah. I don't know what else to say. Well, we're talking to just her. Get it off Your chest. Oh, it's like when you go to church a little like then, dang, I was supposed say a little hung over, but that sounds bad. Church. A little going out no day after going out. And you, you feel like and preaching be preaching. He talk to you, yelling at you. That's how I feel when he talk. Damn. Get it off your chest. 805 8 5 1 0 5 1. When we come back, we got just with the mess with Lauren, la sister. The. Breakfast. Club. Good morning. The. Breakfast Club. Morning everybody. It's DJNV.


Just hilarious. Charlamagne the guy. We are The Breakfast. Club. Let's get to Jess with the Mess with Lauren LaRosa News Is real. Jessica Robin Moore just don't do no lying. She don't spare nobody. She don't spare nobody Worldwide. Jess worldwide mess on The. Breakfast Club. She's the coach. Lauren. Lauren, I'm back. And. I got the mess. Talk To me. Okay guys, so there's, it's been a very long week for Diddy. I feel like every single day this week we've been having something happen that's almost like out of a movie with him. And yesterday there was a report that wrote Via People Magazine that did, would actually be placed on suicide watch or has been placed on suicide watch.


You guys know, we reported that he was at MDC in Brooklyn. And basically what that means is that there will be extra normally, normally because there's no details in the story just said suicide watch. But normally this means that there's extra guards who will make like very protective rounds. So they're checking in on him way more than they are any other inmates who are not on the suicide watch. They're keeping logs of how he is when they check on him. And, and normally this is triggered by You know, I don't like a conversation, thoughts or just any inkling that the jail had that because of the new life transition or something that happened while in custody, this person may harm themselves.


Now I reached out to a source trying to figure out, because there are sometimes too, because of high profile cases and who the people are instances where they'll just kind of automatically put you on suicide watch because they wanna just pay extra attention to you. And because they know that your life transition is about to be really tough by the time that you're at their jail, which is You know what's happening to Diddy. Like he was literally the men mansion like what, two week a week ago. And now he's in jail. And, and the source told me that this is basically protocol for the jail. However, people who originally reported the story said, although this is supervisory precautions taken for suicidal inmates that require frequent observation, this came about because Holmes is in shock and his mental state is unclear.


There was also a report yesterday about Kim Porter and the member, they had been saying for a while that she was supposed to be doing this book that was supposed to detail different parts of their life. So Extra did a story. And apparently Kim, who we know, shared three children with Diddy and passed away in 2018 at 47. She had these like diary entries and they were supposed to be like really shocking. And according to the story, and allegedly Diddy and diary entries and what was going to be eventually moved into some sort of written something. There were Claims that Diddy not only participated in threesomes and orgies with both men and women, all of this is alleged. But there were also like a bolt of recordings with young male artists.


And she also talked about in these diary entries that, again, people are saying was supposed to be a book. But I know some people have come out and debunk that, that he would get violent sometimes as well too. And we've heard stories, there have been You know in, in some of the documents, for instance, with Dawn Richard. Dawn Richard said that she remember a time that Kim came out of a studio that she was walking into and she visibly had marks on her face and she was crying. There was a security guard and, and there was conversation in Cassie's documents where she detailed times of seeing different things with Kim as well too. So I don't know envy at this point I, I'm kind of feeling like, man, this is, It's a lie. It's a lock now. But I will say this, I I, and this is gonna sound crazy, but I hope the feds do pinpoint some of the people that seen this and never reported it.


Yeah. Whether it was, they call him enablers or, or, or or the security at the time. But if people actually seen what he was doing, if they seen him physically harming women, if they seen him drugging, people we're also alleged. If they could, if they can prove that and they can improve those people were around for that amount of time. 'cause I mean, we're talking back to some of these people are saying like, You know two thousands and something. Yeah. So we're talking over 20 years and the fact that people knew this, I think


Had enough of those supplements that leave you feeling nothing. SymbioticA is your solution. The great tasting, all natural supplements that actually work crafted with premium plant-based ingredients. Their products have no seed oils, fillers, or toxins. Try them out and actually feel the difference today. Visit symbiotica.com and use code iHeart for 15% off, plus free shipping on your subscription order. Again, that's 15% off plus free shipping on your subscription order. Go to symbiotica.com. C-Y-M-B-I-O-T-I-K a.com.


They're taking black jobs. Black jobs, huh? Well, I'm sure he meant doctors, lawyers, and teachers. Right, right. Keep going. Entrepreneurs, CEOs. Nope. Supreme Court justices probably not Presidents. Vice presidents. That's funny. Another day, another racist insult from Trump. Hey, Speaking of black jobs, I got a black job For you. What's that? Making Sure the guy that said Black jobs never becomes president again. I'm Kamala Harris, candidate For, for President And I approve this message paid For by Harris for president.


This is Coke Zero sugar. Could I be the best Coke ever? Try and taste with your ears. Hear those bubbles. Imagine them tingling on your top fizzy deliciousness. Listen to that cascading liquid. A mouthwatering waterfall, irresistibly tasty, zero sugar, crisp, refreshing, and ice. Gold is Coke. Zero sugar. The best Coke ever. Try and decide The summer is heating up. So the next time you pop open a Coca-Cola a Coke zero sugar. Prepare for ice cold drops from Coke Studio, new music from your favorite artist and their latest hits with drops from new jeans. Carol g Peggy goo usher, and Tyler plus live performances at the biggest festivals of the year. Grab taste that moves you. Scan your Coke, a Coke zero sugar 12 ounce can and unlock magic music moments all year long, no purchase necessary. 13 plus in 50 US DC and Canada. 18 plus for select prizes ends October 31st. Rules, eligibility and prize availability@cokeurl.com slash studio USA promo cite 2024, the Coca-Cola Company.


This is it your moment. This is your time to make your comeback with Purdue Global. When you come back with a Purdue Global degree, you create opportunity for yourself, your family, and your future. It's a degree you can be proud of, a degree that employers will trust and respect Purdue Global offers working adults like you over 175 flexible degree programs to meet your specific career goals. These include associate, bachelor's, master's, and doctoral degrees and certificates. Purdue global degree programs range from nursing to business to communication and more. Whatever your interest, we have the degree that will move you forward. You have the knowledge, you have the experience. Now it's time to get credit for the work you've done and earn the recognition you deserve with Purdue Global, Purdue's Online University for working adults. You know you're worth it. We do too, so don't wait another second to get the degree that will take your career to the next level. Start your comeback today@purdueglobal.edu.


They they should be charged with something as well because that is foul because maybe some of these, these people would've been saved. Maybe Kim Porter would've been saved. You just never know. But it's And I wanna say, I wanna say that all of all of what I reported about the diary entries, nothing I've confirmed myself. These are, this is all alleged. So You know to keep that in mind. But yeah, I think that that's what's happening. I know that there were also reports of a male sex worker who came to the government and said, Hey, I wanna have a conversation with you guys. And in the courtroom I, the day before yesterday when Diddy lost the second bail arraignment, the judge and, and some of the prosecutors were having a conversation about the fact that more people had begun to come out to them and how they would You know because they're trying to figure out a speedy trial for him.


His his lawyer was pushing for the child to happen soon, so he wanted to sit. So they're like, well, give us time because more people are reaching out to us. But You know, I think the biggest thing with this too is seeing how the industry is reacting to it. Because another big thing with this Diddy situation has been a lot of people saying, well, why didn't anybody else say anything? There's so many people around him. Everybody's at the party. Why is everybody so quiet? Right. So I I want us to get into some of the reactions that have happened yesterday. Sean You know Sean was a part of bad boy. Sean is the one who went to jail after the whole shooting when Jayla was in the club with Diddy and all that stuff. He came out and spoke about You know what's happening with Diddy. And instead of Diddy ruined his black particular, listen, When I was a a 18-year-old kid, You know, just wanting to do nothing other than make my mother proud and make Belize proud and take over The World.


I was defending him and he turned around and called witnesses to testify against me. And he contributed. He pretty much sent me to prison. Yes, I forgave, I moved on, I went again to do a charity event for impoverished youth in London. This was not someone who I vacationed with and who he And I enjoyed this great intimate relationship. This is someone that destroyed my life. But do I take any joy or any satisfaction with what he is going through? Absolutely not. See, I mean, look, I'm not shy. I didn't sit in jail for all them years.


I You know what I mean? I know the story about, and for those of you who don't know what Shiner's referring to about putting him in jail during the case, back when the shooting happened at the club that J-Lo was present for all that basically Shine has always claimed that Diddy was the one who called certain wi witnesses and made them testify so that Diddy would be cool to get off and Yeah. Did, did Sean wouldn't Attorney called Yeah, Diddy's attorney called up witnesses that cleared Puff, but point at Sean. Exactly. And if they, if that's my artist, if that's my friend, I wouldn't bring up a artist that's gonna clear me and point at you. I'm I'm just not gonna have that artist. And that was Shine's thing. Shine still says he he never fired that weapon. And I would just say the way that Shine put it, you can just tell Sean has grown a lot.


I mean, the fact that he says he's he's forgiven Diddy, the man that put him in jail for so long took a lot of his his life away and is still saying, look, that's not my guy. I don't get joy out of seeing another man fall. I think that's amazing. So Salute to shine. But like Sean said, that's not my, but Don't you, but don't you, I but when I first heard it though, I was like, this is kind of corny though, because it's like, where was this energy the whole time for him? Because when I heard him talk about it, he's never said things like destroyed my life. He made it seem like You know things. Like it was horrible, but we moved on. Now it's given like no, he, like, He said it before and what Sean said was like, no, we're not friends. Yes, me. And did he have a relationship? Because I want wanna help the kids in beliefs. Yes, I wanna help and do these charity events, but we're not best friends, so don't ask me about 'em because we don't hang out on Thanksgiving.


We don't go to each other's house on Christmas. Nor have I been to one of his Sunday parties. I'm sure that's rash Sean is saying. But Sean I think was, was, I think he said it right, like Yeah. I said I don't even use baby oil. Yeah. Yeah. I don't even use baby oil. I think Sean said it right. And I. Think a lot of people are gonna be saying that. Well, FA on Love also had a pretty interesting take on this video situation. Let's take a listen to him. We All heard about Puffy You. know, see a lot of people. Yeah. Yeah. I'm confused. The Cassie thing. I understand. I think you should definitely lock this up. Put hands up on the young lady. But I don't understand the other shit. When has being nasty been a federal crime? And I'm glad they told me.


I didn't know there was a limit on baby oil. You know you get a massage or something or whatever. I, yeah, I don't know. And he had a white woman, Mae West, they couldn't stop this black man. So they gave him trafficking in the 18 hundreds. If he didn't do that, he wouldn't have stopped. I thought I told you that. We won't. Yeah. So I think he's leaning into kind of what Booie was saying yesterday where he's talking about, I don't understand how this is illegal for you to just be freaky. Yeah. And what people don't understand, there's parts to, to his indictment, there's parts to You know his being arrested. It's not just the fact that he's a freaking kinky individual and he has a thousand bottles of baby oil. I mean, that's his own kink and he's, and he can have his own kink.


It's the other reports where people have said that he was forced, that he forced him to do things. He forced him to allegedly have sex. He had forced him to allegedly use drugs. That's, that's what he's on trial against. But I would al also tell the people like You know right now you're only hearing one side of this. So just take a step back and, and read the whole indictment. See everything that comes out and then make the judgment for yourself. Because right now we're all making judgment off of headlines, which I don't think is right. So read the indictments, read what the, the prosecutor's putting out, read what, what Diddy's Lawyers is saying and make your own judgment. But this is gonna be a long trial. This is gonna be a long case. There's gonna be a lot of witnesses, there's gonna be a lot of footage. So there's a long way to think about this. Pause. Yeah. Long. I said pause, pause, pause.


Alright, Well that was just with the mess with Lauren Osa now, and when we come back, we got front page news with Morgan. So don't go anywhere. It is The Breakfast, Club. Good morning, wake Up. Wake up. You're locked into The. Breakfast, Club. Morning Everybody. It's TJ Envy. Jess, hilarious. Charlamagne the guy We are The Breakfast. Club. Lauren la Rosa. Filling in for Jess. And let's get back in some front page news. Now, quick Sports If, you didn't hear the Jets beat the Patriots last night and the Jets look pretty good. I think the score was 24 3 or 24 7. But congratulations told the Jets fans out there. Now what we doing Morgan? Man, we talking about Trump. Okay. Former President Donald Trump. He was in Washington DC where he spoke at the Israeli American Council's National Summit. Now Trump spoke on what may happen if is if for Israel, if Kamala Harris wins the election in November, while also promising to reinstate his travel ban.


He's also spoke on removing Hamas supporters from the us. Let's hear those comments from former President Trump on the Israel Hamas More than any people on Earth, Israel has to defeat her. I really believe that it's a disaster for Israel. Port the foreign jihad sympathizers and Hamas supporters from our mitz, we will get them out of our country. I will ban refugee resettlement from terror infested areas like the Gaza Strip. Yeah, he said deport certain, yeah. People from this country. So he went on to add that up. The upcoming election is the most important election in the history of Israel.


So yeah, we'll continue to watch that situation. Of course, we're always watching what's going on in the Israel Hamas war. And as previously mentioned, elected officials are calling for ceasefire in that situation. Meanwhile, and, And Morgan, that's, that's why You know when I tell folks, You know when folks be up, I understand why they're upset. And I understand You know why they voted uncommitted in the primaries. But you have to understand, don't cut your nose off despite your face in November because you have one party or, and one person that's gonna clearly listen to you. And one person that's clearly pushing for a ceasefire like you are. That's Vice President Kamala Harris. And then you got what we just heard. Okay. Which is Donald Trump. So choose wisely.


Yeah, yeah, yeah. That for sure speak. Speaking of which, the mayor of Springfield, Ohio, he is declaring an emergency due to the political firestorm involving accusations of Pet Eating Republican mayor Rob Ru. Let me just repeat that. Republican mayor, he's supposed to be You know you supposed to be my man If. you, you supposed to be Trump's man. Rob Ru said that the safety is his number one concern in his city. He also talked about what a potential visit from President Trump would look like to the city. And he suggested that the former president actually stay away. Let's hear those comments from Mayor Rob Ru of Springfield, Ohio. It is not an indication or of immediate danger, but allows us to efficiently and effectively protect our public safety.


While the visit brings attention to our city, it also represents logistical challenges that require careful planning and allocation of our resources to minimize disruption of daily life. Should he choose to change his plans, it would convey a significant message of peace to the city of Springfield. So of course this comes after former President Trump and his BP running mate, JD Vance claimed that Haitian immigrants are eating cats and dogs. They're eating the dogs, they're eating the cats, they're eating the pets. City leaders have strongly pushed back and condemned Trump's assertion. Since the controversy, the city has also received a nu, a number of bomb threats leading to school closures, hospital closures, things of that na nature.


It's really impacting the city there. Trump says he does plan to visit Springfield soon, but Ruth thinks it's a bad idea for the time being. He cited, of course, in the clip strain on the city resources and added that Trump canceling his trip would send a signal of peace to his city. So what do you guys think? Trump show up to Springfield, yes or no? I don't think it's a good idea, but You know. Go, go shake hands with some Haitians. That's what he needs to do. I he the the, the president needs to go there and he needs to shake hands with some of those Haitians that he offended and You know. He is. He needs to hug some of those Haitians that he offended. Uhoh. Let some of let some of those Haitians rub their hands through his hair. You know, remember when Jimmy Fallon played in Trump's hair?


Let one of the Haitians do that to you and Uhoh. Yeah, That's actually not, I think he should Good idea to go, to go and Yeah. I I don't think it's a good idea. Morgan maybe should go. No, I think it's a great idea. Go there. Shake hands with Haitians. Hug Haitians. Let Haitians rub their hands through your hair. Yes. Go. You know. Show us, Show us some solidarity. Let let Haitians blow kisses at you Trump. Okay. You going too far? Go too far. Soak passe. They know what I'm talking about. Speaking of going too far. North Carolina's Republican candidate for governor promises to stay in the race after he reportedly made lewd and inflammatory comments. Years ago on a porn site, CNN reports Governor Mark Robinson or Lieutenant Governor Mark Robinson, made the post in the message board of a porn site called Nude Africa.


The report says Robinson referred to himself as a black Nazi and supported bringing back slavery. Let's hear more from Lieutenant Governor Mark Robinson on those comments. We are staying in this race. We are in it to win it. And we know that with your help, we will. Let me reassure you the things that you will see in that story. Those are not the words of Mark Robinson You know my words, You know my character and You know that I have been completely transparent in this race. And before our opponents are desperate to shift the focus here from the substantive issues and focus on what you are concerned with to salacious tra tabloid trash. We can not allow that to happen.


He wants to bring back slavery as a black man. That's what he allegedly that's said in these comments. So he allegedly also said, so He's volunteering to do more work. He also allegedly said that he enjoyed watching transgender porn and recounted one story from when he was 14 about peeping at women in Jim showers. Now according to the report, Robinson made the post from 2018, or excuse me, from 2008 to 2012 before he entered politics. So he was, this was before he was in the political arena. And Robinson, who is Carolina's, north Carolina's rather lieutenant governor, he is of course denying the report in a post on X. He called it as mentioned in the clip, tabloid trash.


He's running against Democrat Josh Stein in the race for North Carolina's governor. So well, Any black man, any black man saying bring back slavery is a damn fool. 'cause he just volunteering to do more work. And If you think that you gonna be a black man that advocates for bringing back slavery and you just gonna be a, a overseer. Understand that overseers will enslaved people too. Okay. Okay. You know what's crazy about this whole thing is not, it's not so much the porn site, the nude Africa, the black Nazi, any of that. It's the fact that you Vaccinated, You're not mad about, you're not mad about him wanting to watch transgender porn. You're upset that he That's what he's into Though. If he's into That, he's into that. Yeah. I care about his kinks. You Said you don't get, you don't care about. No, but I think that's amazing.


You know, like, you don't care. I don't care about all the freaky stuff you into, but, but, but slavery. That's, That's, that's, I Mean, 'cause that's the only thing that he, we should be concerned about. Whatever he does in his bedroom with baby oil lube and, and watching for and that's him. That's it. You'll have your freak off. You sound like a watchman freak off to me. I'm not mad at it. I'm not mad at it. Yeah. So I will, we'll continue to see what happens in that race. Watch that race outta North Carolina and see what continues to happen with Mark Robinson in regards to these lewd comments that he made. So that's your front page news. Follow me on social media. I'm Morgan Wood. You can follow me at Morgan Media. And for more news coverage, make sure you're following the Black Information Network at Black Information Network.


Download that free iHeartRadio app and visit us@binews.com. Thank y'all. Happy Friday. Peace Morning. All right, Morgan, thank you so much. All right. When we come back, Nelly Ferdo will be joining us. We gonna kick with Nelly Ferdo. She has a new album out right now. It's titled seven. So we're gonna talk to about the app when we come back. So don't move. It's The Breakfast Club with Moon The. Breakfast, Club. Morning everybody. It's DEJ Envy. Jess. Hilarious. Charlamagne the guy. We are The Breakfast Club. Jess is on maternity leave. So Lauren Ro is filling in and we got a special guest in the building. Ladies and gentlemen. Yes indeed. Nelly Frito, welcome. Hi. Thank you for having Me. How are you? How are You feeling? I'm Good. How are you? I'm blessed Black and Holly. Favorite New album Seven is Out Today.


How does it feel to be back? Congratulations by the way. On what? On your work you're doing for community. That sounds very generic. I was on your Instagram. Oh Thank you. It was Inspiring. She did Her homework a little bit to make sure It was inspiring. She was talking to this morning. Thank You very much. Yeah. How did it feel to be back making music? Incredible. Yeah. I'm so happy. Do you like this part? Having to come do interviews and be interrogated? It's not as fun sometimes nowadays 'cause everything's click bait and I'm like, ah, what You know. Sometimes that's challenging, but it's okay. I still like kind of share my vibe, my positive energy. So why so long? It, it took a long time. Seven years.


Just busy. I like to kind of keep one foot kind of like in the real world and then one foot entertainment. 'cause entertainment's really fast paced and you have to really be out there to be successful in my industry. And I, I take, I've taken the approach for the last 25 years to kind of do it go hard for a little bit. But then for my own mental health, I kind of need to take breaks. What do you do during those breaks and just around your Family? Yeah, what's can't do I see you going through your breathing exercises now, kind of. Yeah. Yeah. I'm a Mom. A little panic attack. No, I'm a mom. And so yeah, just like doing the mom thing and kind of like normal, normal life.


And then, and then when I'm in the studio I get to really express myself and write and produce and invite a lot of friends into the studio and have really late nights and fun nights. It's probably the most fun part is making the music for me. I enjoy concert show. I've been out on stage again, performing a lot. That's been really refreshing and good. But like, yeah, you have to take care of yourself. You know You didn't work with Timberland this time, right? We have been in the studio, but for our own single, we released last year. We, we talk all the time. We're we're You know. We're You know Family for Life, I believe. I think we have very similar natures when it comes to creativity.


I think that's why we make special music together and we will again. For sure. But nothing made this album right? There's no, No timbo, no. A lot of, They said you made 4, 4, 500 songs. Tim and Jason. Yeah. It felt like, oh, I had the vocal Xavier Brett felt, feels like it sounded like Timbaland. I got the Vo. TT minus T minus is quite influenced by Timbaland. He's a big fan of Timberland's work. I don't know, are you familiar with t's work? He, he does a lot for j Cole. He produces most of the j Cole's stuff and he's had some, some great records over the years. But what's great about him is he's passionate. I like to work with people who, sure they, they're in the business, but it's more than business. It's family You. know what I mean? It's like you're invested. He wanted to brand the best of me. So we do have some really, really good beats on this album.


Really good high quality production. Timbaland's favorite song. I've played him a lot of records. His favorite song is Floodgate, which is produced by FNZ. Dunno if You know what their beats, but, but Save your breath. Actually I co-produced and did a lot of vocal production, but T Minus actually came with that rhythm. It was different before. And it's a lot of my friends on, on the song. Yeah. You said you recorded four to 500 songs in the last four years. I have, yeah. That's a lot of music to narrow down to just a couple for the album. Yeah. So how did you narrow it down and why so many damn songs? Because I don't write, like, I can't, I can write just on my own, like with a guitar and do that. I wrote, I'm, I'm like a bird that way. But when I'm in the studio, I like what I, the approach that I took is I turned the microphones on And I make it sound like I'm at a show.


So I put the speakers and everything really loud. And then I have everybody with microphones including me, everybody. And then I, I I will only hear the music in the studio when, when proto is going And I can record everything I do because my lyrics and melodies come to me at the same time. Whole entire songs come that way. It just kind of comes. Were you A talkative child? I I, I did that when I was a kid. I, I didn't talk that much, but I, I was, I would sing. Yeah. I would just sit there and just make up songs and they make me feel emotional and cry. And I didn't quite understand it, but, but it is probably the only thing that I do. Well That's not true. That's not, that's not millions and millions of things.


I don't Have energy drink, I don't have a beauty line. I don't, I don't got, I don't got patience for that. So this is natural. All I got patience for me. Which One? This, this energy you have is natural. Is that weird? You are making me a little nervous. Why You know? You just moving and you're talking fast and I'm like, she said she's a though, right? Oh, I didn't hear that part. Yeah, I didn't hear that part. Thanks for listening. I'm sorry. That's why she, that's why she opened with commenting on your, your mental health work. 'cause she said she deals with a d her mental health stuff. And. I think it's because she was moving fast. It might have went over completely. No, for real. Like before. I only got diagnosed a couple years ago, but as a child and growing up in my teens, my I'd be that girl that my friends would be like, where did she go?


'cause I would just stare in a space and And I thought I was a scatter brain. All the things You know and would judge myself or I thought I was unorganized or lazy or procrastinate. But yeah, it's just That. How did you do in school? People ignore me sometimes, so I ignore them. What do you mean? I'm just saying in general, like these two, I ignore them all the time. Like we talk, it just, it's all, we ignore him too. We, that's why we locked in over here. Ain't no switching up. We don't know what him beat over the door. That's okay. What Was it when you, when you were diagnosed, how how old were you? Sorry. Sorry. He That was good. Was good. It's alright. It's okay. Sorry. I remember that. Let's go it Natalie, let's There's a file cabinet in here. Just go with it.


Yeah. How old were you when you were diagnosed with a DD? 43. 43. Okay. So what was that like actually happening? Like a Okay, I know what this is now I know how to Oh yeah. I read a lot of books about, oh, particularly women with a DHD 'cause of the experience for women's. A little different. You know 'cause You know there's more pressure. You know, especially moms, right? It's like You know you're supposed to have your your house together. You know and, and all the waste and


Had enough of those supplements that leave you feeling nothing. Symbi Nica is your solution to great tasting, all natural supplements that actually work crafted with premium plant-based ingredients. Their products have no seed oils, fillers, or toxins. Try them out and actually feel the difference today. Visit symbio nica.com and use code iHeart for 15% off plus free shipping on your subscription order. Again, that's 15% off plus free shipping on your subscription order. Go to symbiotica.com. C-Y-M-B-I-O-T-I-K a.com.


They're taking black jobs. Black jobs, huh? Well, I'm sure he meant doctors, lawyers, and teachers. Right, right. Keep going. Entrepreneurs, CEOs. Nope. Supreme Court justices. Probably not Presidents. Vice presidents. That's funny. Another day, another racist insult from Trump. Hey, Speaking of black jobs, I got a black job for you. What's that? Making Sure the guy that said Black jobs never becomes president again. I'm Kamala Harris. Candidate for President And I approve this message paid for by Harris for president.


This is Coke Zero sugar. Could I be the best Coke ever? Try and taste with your ears. Hear those bubbles. Imagine them tingling on your top fizzy deliciousness. Listen to that cascading liquid. A mouthwatering waterfall, irresistibly tasty, zero sugar, crisp, refreshing, and ice. Gold is Coke. Zero sugar. The best Coke ever. Try and decide The summer is heating up. So the next time you pop open a Coca-Cola or Coke. Zero sugar. Prepare for ice cold drops from Coke Studio. New music from Your favorite artist and their latest hitch with drops from new jeans, Carol g, Peggy Goo Usher, and Tyler plus live performances at the biggest festivals of the year. Grab taste that moves you. Scan your Coke, a Coke zero sugar 12 ounce can and unlock magic music moments all year long, no purchase necessary. 13 plus and 50 US DC and Canada. 18 plus for select prizes ends October 31st. Rules, eligibility, and prize. availability@kochurl.com slash Studio usa. Promo Corp Wright 2024, the Coca-Cola Company.


This is it your moment. This is your time to make your comeback with Purdue Global. When you come back with a Purdue Global degree, you create opportunity for yourself, your family, and your future. It's a degree you can be proud of, a degree that employers will trust and respect Purdue Global offers working adults like you. Over 175 flexible degree programs to meet your specific career goals. These include associate, bachelor's, master's, and doctoral degrees and certificates. Purdue global degree programs range from nursing to business to communication and more. Whatever your interests, we have the degree that will move you forward. You have the knowledge, you have the experience. Now it's time to get credit for the work you've done and earn the recognition you deserve with Purdue Global, Purdue's Online University for working adults. You know you're worth it. We do too, so don't wait another second to get the degree that will take your career to the next level. Start your comeback today@purdueglobal.edu.


You know. Yeah, so just self-acceptance, self-love with it. You, you, you Got three kids, right? Yes, I do. And two, two year 21, 6 and five. Oh, so the 6-year-old and 5-year-old don't know nothing about music. Nelly Fordo Sorta a little bit. Okay. Only 'cause my, I have a friend Lido, she's a, she's another artist. Lito Lito. She's from Columbia. And one day we were chilling 'cause we're all friends. Like the kids are friends with her kids and she said, these, they don't even know what you do. Let's like, You know, let's play them something. And I said, okay, only if I could play your thing too. So we kind of shared that, that side, that day. What Vibe were you on when you wrote for Promiscuous Girl back, back then. And what did your parents think of it? My parents. I mean, I was, I was already at the house at that time.


I mean, I already had a daughter. I was already kind of had my own house. But I don't know, I've never asked my mom Ever. She's never like commented though like, Hey, hey, the song. 'cause I mean, no. Yeah, I don't think so. Well, I mean, I remember being 14 in our house growing up and Salt and Peppa had a song. Let's talk about sex. Yeah. And it will come on the little radio in my kitchen and my mom would be like, turn it off. And I'd be at the gate. So I grew up on like TLC, salt and Peppa. Absolutely very empowered You know In talking about sexuality and talking about choice, I believe Promiscuous is a song about choice.


And what I like about it is the male voice and female voice, voice on even playing field in the song. But interestingly, interestingly enough, people still call it Promiscuous Girl. But the song's actually called Promiscuous. It's not Girl or boy. Oh. Because Of the Hook. We, I think I always thought it was Promiscuous Girl. No, just wow. All we got more with Nelly Ferdo. When we come back it's The. Breakfast Club. Good morning. Good morning everybody. It's EEJ Envy Jess. Hilarious. Charlamagne The guy. We are The Breakfast Club. Lauren LaRosa Filling in for Jess and we're still kicking it with Nelly. Ferdo Charlamagne. And this new album Seven. What, what does the number seven mean to you? I know, I know it's your seven album. I know you put out album seven years ago, but what does the number seven actually mean to you?


To be honest, I kind of wanted a title that's like really simple. Like a, almost like a fashion collection. Fashion collection. And I Love the song Seven by Prince Prince is one of my favorite artists of all time. And I got to meet Prince a few times. And I opened for him before And I don't know, his music just touches me in a way. So that's another sort of thread. Did You party a lot? 'cause this is a party album. So did you in this album? Yes. Very uptempo Party. Like I feel like went out and celebrated a lot. Yeah. I was like in my element, And I think that there might've been other people around that were like kind of maybe like to get some tequila or something like that. But I, I don't really drink in the studio. I don't, I don't, I drink tequila once in a while, but not in the studio.


I like, I'm totally sober. Every song I've ever written, I've been a hundred percent sober. I'm actually proud Tequila's plant based. So that's tequila's plant based. No, I know tequila is is nice but I don't, I don't, I don't actually, I don't write or record under the influence and I've never done a co like oh, one time I had like a couple sips a call before a show, but it was like just a couple songs. And I was like, I'm never doing this again. I felt so dizzy. Oh wow. Yeah. I felt I was gonna like I have felt flushed and stuff. Yeah. Music is subjective though. 'cause it's all about perspective, right? Like Envy said he feel like he get the party vibe, but then some people can say they feel like you're healing from a heartbreak on this album. Yeah. 'cause it sounds like love bites and ready for myself. And Save your breath. So what was your And I can't even say.


What was your mental state when you was doing this album? 'cause you did 500 songs. What's your vibe I Guess? Okay, so I had a breakup and then I was like hurting the day one dude. It started off so sad. Like the BSides are like a whole other record. They're like a really sad emo folk album because I got there, And I was like, hmm, wow. I haven't been here in five years. I haven't been to the studio in five years. I took a break. I had my two babies back to back 14 months apart. I kind of took, I took time off to be like a Stayat home mom, which I also love. But it was time to get back in and kind of find myself again. 'cause I think we can all relate after breakup. You sometimes lost. You're like, whoa, who am I? You know. Why did y'all break up If? you Don't mind us asking Like, oh y'all, that's, you You know I was coming over here because No, I was, I was committed to ask that because some of the songs are least love bites ready for myself.


Which I guess ready for myself. Is that you finding yourself again? Oh, that's a fun one. Yeah. I think, okay. The truth is, I, I did a lot of self work. I started this album four years ago. And I was doing a lot of journaling. A lot of like, a lot of like You know therapy. Yeah. Just like really kind of getting to know myself, which is another added bonus of not being on the wheel all the time. You know. But Save Your Breath kind of gives like, You know you're in a good space now. Like you're kind of love moving forward. Whatever. Thank you so much. Record go B thank You. That means a lot to me. I'm proud of that one. It's actually probably the one I'm proudest of, kind of, of my whole career actually. Really? Yeah. My friends are on it. Your whole Career. Yeah. Whole career is is wow.


Do you, now this is switching gears. Oh, now I Was gonna say, well I see, stay tuned. Kamala Harris used your record Man I's going there Next Vy. You guys are so funny. We saying So how did that feel when you heard her using your record? Did you hear that she use your record man? Eight or no? Of course. Okay. Yeah. Did they ask you to clear it or did they just use it all emoji? No, it's TikTok. I don't know. It's just like, it's what it is. I, I I'm, I'm honored. Yeah. You're interested in me. 'cause I just like the space you're in. 'cause you are in your own world. Like you have your own energy. Thank You. And I. Think that's probably why you Gotta preserve your energy, right? Absolutely. And yeah, and, and not let anybody else shift who you are. Like I, the, the whole time we're talking to you, I'm like, oh, there's nothing that's going to shift who she is.


She's comfortable with who she is. Thank you. I've worked really hard at that. It doesn't come overnight, that's for sure. And I think that's why sort of my ability as a producer and musician has gotten better and greater. Because now I think when I'm in the studio, I was always confident. I mean, for sure You know I, I was an individual, but, but in now I'm, I just, I don't have such healthy sense of detachment and boundaries. And I don't, I'm not trying to feel everybody's feelings. You know with the empathy. Like that could be absolutely. That could be hard. You know, And, I get the sense that you are just having fun now because you realize, yeah, this, this ain't really about nothing. You got your kid, you can yeah. Go home. Be a mother when you want.


Yeah. I do have a lot of other interests like outside of music I get. I mean, they're not that exciting, but, but I mean dancing, And, I like dancing. I like that's what tiktoks funny can do. Dance, go to the dance studio. It helps me, my state of mind, the choreographies, the discipline. But yes, to answer your question, I did use it as almost like a like to get through the last few years. I was like, okay, well identity, right? I was talking about identity. I was like, okay, well what am I good at? I forgot that how good I was at music. I was like, wow. Really? Yeah man, I got to the studio. And I was like, wait, I'm really good. And then my songs kept getting played again by DJs Wow. And on social media. And it was like, I felt called back to it. I felt like, okay, it's easy to like second guess yourself when you have like maybe one hit and you're like 25 You know.


And you can maybe, maybe have a lot of feelings of You know, like you're not sure. But when you're 25 years into a career and then your songs are still touching people, you are reaching brand new audiences. You're reaching kids that weren't even born when the music came out. That starts to feel very real, very authentic and something you can maybe lean into a little bit more with a little more confidence. Right? And so that's what's happened to me the last few years. I found my identity again with my craft of like, I'm good at this. I've always been good at this. It's about the music. Always Wanted to know how did you and and Timberland meet? Like how did that relationship come so strong? And then Justin Timberlake later on. Yeah. Like, you guys were strong three Oh people thought you was gonna trio.


People thought y'all were gonna do an album with each other. So how did y'all initially meet? It's a really special chemistry between the three of us. So the really cool, my little origin story with Timbaland, if we'd like to hear is that in 2001 You know I put out my first album Wo Nelly in 2001 song called Baby Girl. It's kind of like ing, it's like a vocal, a vocal arrangement. We did Timbaland Heard the song and someone from a writer company said, Hey, Timbaland's a fan of yours. He wants to sample this song, but he'd also like to meet. So I went to the studio and we hit it off from the jump. Like right away it was like I had to get in the booth. And I started singing over the song.


I mean he didn't even in, hadn't invited me to sing at that point. But I just was like, I need a thing. Turn the mic on. And then I was on the song and it was a sample for Miss Jade, an artist he had at the time. Song Jade. I did not know that was Jade. So that was a sample of your original song? It was, I did not know that. He sampled me. Wow. And then the story doesn't end there. I ended up touring with Ms. J. She, I had had her opening for me on tour in the US and then Timbaland came for a little run too. He did a turn off a light remix. But in addition that very first day he goes, I want you to hear something sit down. So we sit in like I sat in a good spot right in front of the speakers and he played me Get Your Freak on by Missy Elliott. Yeah. And no one had heard it. Wow. I was probably one of the first people to hear it. And he goes, Missy, once you on the remix, can you fly down to Virginia next week or whatever.


And I said, yes. And I am literally 22. I remember I went with one of my best friends. I just flew there on my own. And I get to the studio and Missy's like, Hey, what's up You know, I saw your video. I'm like a bird. And I was like, who's this girl in shelters and like the Princess Leia buns? Like this is, this is so cool. You're like, like your energy. And I sat in the studio. And I was like, okay, it's game time. I gotta hit this verse out of the park. And when I was coming up in Toronto, I would do this thing where I'd try, I had too many lyrics. And I had to try to fit 'em all in the bars. So I had to come up with a way to sing, rap them You know. And so that's the style you hear on that record that get your frequent remix. All we got more with Nelly.


Frida when we come back, it's The. Breakfast Club. Good morning. Morning everybody. We are The Breakfast. Club. We're still kicking it with Nelly. Ferdo. Charlamagne. Can I ask you about motherhood? Sure. How has motherhood like influenced your perspective on life and isn't your daughter? I have three kids involved In this album too. Yeah. Actually, yeah. She's turning 21 tomorrow. Same day my album comes out. Wow. And she's credited as one of the ars on the album actually. And she works in the music business. She's working already at the second record company she's worked at. And she's, she's in marketing a R. She goes to NYU and she's really smart. Are you, is she like the person that you're afraid to play your music for? Yeah. Sounds like I thought a crazy song with my friend and my friend played it for her and I'm like, ah, you played her that way.


It's just like You know. Good critiques though. What song, what does she normally sing back to the, the music she doesn't like. What Does she say? She tell You what? She doesn't like something. What does she say? Does she be like, yo Mom looks black? Yeah, of course. Yeah. Yeah. She's very opinionated and she's talented. So, so she, she has some quote rights too. She wrote some stuff on the album too with me. But it was like super low key You know, like no big deal. 'cause she has the little other administrative side as well. GA's a process. She reminded me actually to kind of be real with my sound. And she kept saying this one thing. She said, mom, there's two You know you need to make the music three dimensional You know this beat isn't three dimensional enough. It's like too basic or like your vocals or like you, it needs to, we need to round out the sound.


Like real kind of, I guess I feel like she was thinking about everything kind of like, like she a and r, well a R kind of like creative director, like tiny Desk I did recently. Yeah. She was very involved and was like, no, you gotta do this. She is the one who told me to do the Get your Free on remix. Wow. She said you must do that one. Did you want her to be into music industry? No, I didn't. I fully kept her away from the spotlight. Yeah. Yeah. I protected, I tried my best to protect her privacy because You know. I like You know. I think that's important. You can't fight it if they're talented. Yeah. I don't think You know what I mean? Look at somebody like Justin Bieber. Like it's clear he wanted to be there singing like this. Some music was coming out of him at a young age as a kid.


And You know I was singing at a young age, but You know I didn't get to do it professionally till later. But I'm grateful 'cause I got to go to college for a bit. I got to backpack in Europe, I got to go to prom. You Know. But it's gotta be tough. I Got to work at the alarm company. You know. It's Gotta be tough when you're disconnecting from the industry and your daughter wants to be, I don't mind. It's Two different facets too. I don't mind because she's more on the marketing's business side You know what I mean? So I'm just always like, Was that her choice or did you encourage her to go in from that side and just do the creative stuff with you? It came natural. It was natural. She, she actually didn't go into the studio with me besides for like, maybe as a kid, a baby once in a while. She didn't go into the studio with me until she was 16. Mm. And she discovered she loved it.


So You did a 4 million, 4.4 million views for your tiny dust. So I think people love, is that good? Yeah. What? Yeah. That's great people. But it's the live performance. Yeah. Nelly that people love. And I Know that you talked a little bit sometimes about Vegas. Oh. Is that something that you would do? Is that coming? That's an idea. Been cooking up lately. Yeah. I really love the culture around loose as an album and the culture around like Timbaland and I's connection and just like the idea of, it's a very, it's a very clear picture. It's those late nights in Miami. It's at like those palm trees and the red and white cover and the whole, I met somebody recently who does a whole club night called Loose in La And I couldn't believe it. Wow. It was like, oh, this is the hottest party. It's called Loose And.


I was like, oh that's crazy. 'cause I wanna do a Vegas show called Loose. And it all made sense. Like, I just think Vegas would be the great outlet for recreating loose in a cool environment and and being creative with that. Of course. So you wanna go residency there? Ultimately? I feel like that would be on my bucket list. Yeah. No Deals have come your way with that yet. 'cause this is not your first time mentioning it. They haven't grasped that yet. Like they haven't No, it it's, it's it's in the works. Yeah. It's a, it's a, it's a bubbling. Oh, that's dope. So yeah. Okay. Yeah. When next year, 2025, That remains to be seen. 'cause the 25th loose will be 25 years old. Wow. In 2025. Or Als Sorry.


2026. You Really a legacy artist now. Nelly Pat. Isn't that funny? Wow. It don't feel like 25 years, but I guess time flies, huh? I know. What do you think about social media? Right? Like, like how, like how do you view its impact on artists and their relationship with fans compared to when you first started your career? Because it's like a real direct connection and they want so Much of you social media. I like social media. Okay. I don't know. I like it vibes with my mind. Like I really like TikTok. I love that it's so immediate. I love You know DMing like DJs or they DM me and like I do this remix or artists and it's so, it's so direct. It's so instantaneous. And I do like that about it. So You answer your dms and everything?


Some of them, yeah. Oh, They gonna be in there like crazy today. Hey, at Nelly Ferdo. Yeah. So I think social media is actually pretty amazing when it comes to music business stuff. At the same time. I don't always love when I thought I knew a song, but then I hear the whole song and it's totally different. You know. You know. Like you, that TikTok sound, you're like, oh, this song's actually really good. Yeah. When I heard the whole song You know. But I mean whatever. I can deal with that too. And it's fun. It's all, it's all fun. Who is Nelly Furtado right now? Oh, I'm a work in progress. Yeah. I'm just a work in progress. I'm just like taking it day by day.


Just kinda trying to like, mm, just accept myself and love myself as much as I can and, and You know, not take my craft for granted and my talents for granted. And just be grateful. So you'll be back. This isn't a one and done. Like, you're not going to go back I and disappear for another seven years, years. Don't trust me. What's your sign? We still don't trust me. Pardon? What's your sign, Sagittarius? I was gonna call the album Sagittarius. I'm s Oh Really? Yeah. I'm November 22nd, 22nd. Oh, you're just barely a Sagittarius. Yeah, I'm cussed. They think I'm crazy when I say that though. But No, that's, you're still Sagittarius.


Definitely. Yeah. That's who I am right now. I'm just like taking it day by day and figuring it out. Ex trying to accept my flaws and, but then I think the key too is like, accept my light as well. We all have to accept the light we have and just like, and that's a, that's a lifelong journey. That's The beauty of life. It is a journey. Yeah. And you should just appreciate and respect the process. There you go. We appreciate you for joining us this morning. You were Really amazing. I got you so much four times. And You were nervous when you came in here or something. You were, you were like, whatcha gonna ask? Whatcha gonna ask? I'm glad. Yep. We could have asked you Kendrick or Drake pick one, but we didn't. So we didn't The weekend. The weekend.


Alright. It's The, Breakfast Club. Good morning. DJ. NV Jet. Solaris Charlamagne the guy. We are The Breakfast. Club. Let's get to just with the mess with Lauren LaRosa News is real. Just Moore just don't do no lying. Don't do, she don't spell nobody. She don't spell nobody worldwide. Jess Worldwide mess on The. Breakfast Club. She's the coach. Lauren. Lauren, I'm back. And. I got the mess. Talk, talk to me. Okay, so Nelly is in the news and it's not about the baby, it's about the St. Lunatics. So you the, the group that it used to be a part of the St.


Lunatics, some of the members of the other members of the group are suing him for copyright infringement. This is all over uncredited and unpaid work that they allege they're go that they're dealing with from the Nelly's 2000 debut album. Country Grammar, which was a hit album by the way. So the St. Lunatics, which consists of Ali Jones, Ali Tori Harper, Murphy Lee, Robert Kaiwan, sorry if I'm saying her name wrong. Kaiwan. Is that how you said it? Kaiwan? Yep. And Lavee Webb, who is City spu, they filed a lawsuit against Nelly yesterday in New York Federal court alleging that Nelly did not properly credit them for their contributions to his breakthrough album.


Now this is the album that of course like it set it off for Nelly. This is what pushed him to the mainstream in in two thousands. Some of the biggest songs are on there. Nelly's reps have not commented back to any of the original stories. So like, he hasn't released a statement or anything. But in this complaint they talk about how You know Nelly in the St. Lunatics were childhood friends. They grew up together in St. Louis. They began writing songs together in the nineties. They were signed to UMG and then they started doing music together. And then this first project came out. And they're alleging You know on this first project, even though it was about Nelly, they contributed so much. So they should be paid. I was actually sadden when I saw this headline. 'cause I thought everything, I mean, I know that they not like together every single day, but I had assumed that they were You know at least doing well enough that people are being paid.


That was so long ago. Well, two months ago they were on tour, they were on stage with him in St. Louis. They performed. Yeah. And they all came out. So the fact that they're suing him now over something that's what damn near over 20 years ago seems a little crazy. But I mean, I guess I, I wasn't there. I don't know what they contributed. I didn't know what they wrote. But they feel like You know they wrote things and they should be accredited. But I mean, it just seems kind of crazy. If we were just cool two months ago, you were just with me on stage. You know you, you had 20 years to do this, but You know it is what it is. Yeah. And it's, it's notable too that when they, when the other members of the St Lutons filed this, they found it under copyright infringement and not copyright ownership. The difference is, is like they're basically, there's, there's a statute of limitation difference between the two, which is really like the main talking point, but it's just about who is the full owner versus who's not.


But that's very important to look at because this is something that Nelly's attorney can come out and say, this falls actually under copyright ownership. And because of that, this suit is invalid because it's a three year statute limitation on copyright ownership. So they may be their defense, but again, Nelly's team has not spoken on. So that's something that we'll just have to like keep watching and see what happens. I just wanna tell you what's so sad about that. My first tour that I ever DJ'ed I DJ for FLIs. It was actually on Nelly tour. So it was Nelly, Birdman, Amar and FLIs and


Had enough of those supplements that leave you feeling nothing. SymbioticA is your solution a great tasting, all natural supplements that actually work crafted with premium plant-based ingredients. Their products have no seed oils, fillers, or toxins. Try them out and actually feel the difference today. Visit symbiotica.com and use code iHeart for 15% off plus free shipping on your subscription order. Again, that's 15% off plus free shipping on your subscription order. Go to symbiotica.com. C-Y-M-B-I-O-T-I-K a.com.


They're taking black jobs. Black jobs, huh? Well I'm sure he meant doctors, lawyers, and teachers. Right, right. Keep going. Entrepreneurs, CEOs. Nope. Supreme Court Justices probably not Presidents. Vice presidents. That's funny. Another day, another racist insult from Trump. Hey, Speaking of black jobs, I got a black job For you. What's that? Making Sure the guy that said Black jobs never becomes president again. I'm Kamala Harris. Candidate for President And I approve this message paid for by Harris for president.


This is Coke Zero sugar. Could I be the best Coke ever? Try and taste with your ears. Hear those bubbles. Imagine them tingling on your top busy deliciousness. Listen to that cascading liquid. A mouth watering waterfall, irresistibly, tasty, zero sugar, crisp, refreshing, and ice. Gold is Coke. Zero sugar. The best Coke ever. Try and decide The summer is heating up. So the next time you pop open a Coca-Cola or Coke Zero sugar. Prepare for ice cold drops from Coke Studio. New music from your favorite artists and their latest hits with drops from new jeans. Carol g Peggy goo usher and Tyler plus live performances at the biggest festivals of the year. Grab taste that moves you. Scan your Coke, a Coke zero sugar 12 ounce can and unlock magic music moments all year long, no purchase necessary. 13 plus in 50 US DC and Canada. 18 plus for select prizes ends October 31st. Rules, eligibility and prize availability@cokeurl.com slash Studio USA promo copyright 2024, the Coca-Cola Company.


This is it your moment. This is your time to make your comeback with Purdue Global. When you come back with a Purdue Global degree, you create opportunity for yourself, your family, and your future. It's a degree you can be proud of, a degree that employers will trust and respect Purdue Global offers working adults like you over 175 flexible degree programs to meet your specific career goals. These include associate, bachelor's, master's, and doctoral degrees and certificates. Purdue global degree programs range from nursing to business to communication and more. Whatever your interests, we have the degree that will move you forward. You have the knowledge, you have the experience. Now it's time to get credit for the work you've done and earn the recognition you deserve with Purdue Global. Purdue's Online University for working adults. You know you're worth it. We do too. So don't wait another second to get the degree that will take your career to the next level. Start your comeback today@purdueglobal.edu.


We DJ city to city and just to see them brothers together on that tour. It's so sad to see them going at each other now. Yeah, because pop in and pop out. Everybody was so cool they would do a music. So the fact that You know at one time everybody was so close. Yep. And the fact that they're beefing now is is nasty Now what's another news? Amber Rose is back in the headlines. There's some political stuff, but let's, let's start with the nonpolitical stuff first. So yesterday there were these photos that broke on a few websites of Amber Rose and Iman Shumpert. Iman Shumpert. Yes. Gianna Taylor. The kid's father estranged husband You know she, they've been going through their divorce situation now these photos, Iman and Amber Rose are on the beach in Miami just chilling.


But it was, and You know they did the show College Hill together. Right. So, I mean instantly I thought about that. But there's no one else from the cast. There aren't cameras. I've never seen the two just together. And if and if they have hang hung out together, it's not something that was broadcasted. 'cause I, I think the, the reason why the photos picked up so much was because people were like, why are they just hanging together on the beach? It was giving me and Bay had beach day, but there was no PDA though no PDA in any of the photos whatsoever. This, this is what I don't like. I don't know if they're in a relationship or not. Right. But let's say right now, right, I'm heading to Vegas and I'm at the pool. Right. And you go, yo e we gotta do something later on tonight. Oh, you at the pool? Yeah, I'm at the pool. Come sit there over here. That's that's me and the homie hanging out at the pool. Yeah. And I can understand that.


So like when I first saw it, I was like, oh, okay. I didn't know they hung out. Mm. Yeah but You know me, You know the instinct in me. Okay. I reached out to a few sources. And I was trying to figure some things out. TMZ actually confirmed this first though. So my reaching out was just confirming the report that TMZ had already had out. So what the source told me and them was that they're just friends. There's nothing to see here. They met You know during their College Hill days and they were filming and they remain friends. Right. Right. So that story goes, and then, so TMZ does the story and then I tweet this guys, make sure you follow me on Twitter at Lauren la Rosa. I tweet what I receive from the source as well too.


The minute that I do that, someone lets me know I get a, a tip. Thank y'all for guys who are sending me tips that one of Tiana Taylor's really close home girls. Like you see her with her all the time. Her Instagram name is de Asian. But like, and, and If. you go to our brown girl grinding Instagram, you'll see some photos. I know Shave Room also picked us up as well too. People were letting me know like, yo Tiana Taylor's homies are in the sha room comments saying that is completely false. That whole just friends thing. Shay room also picked this up as well too. So what Tiana Taylor, her friend said is, this is funny to me because when we were on that boat on New Year's Eve, you and your friends talking about Amber Rose villainized me for peeping the sneaky stuff that was going on while Tiana and her kids was on that same boat.


And I was right. This proves my point then you want to be crying a river on that phone the next day, girl, my friend has been nothing but grace, grateful this whole time, but you played a game, Tiana, I'm sorry that I got this deep, but I'm tired of taking the high road. You've done everything in your power to save this man and his image. Then she tagged Amber Rose and said, I wish you would deny this for the blogs because I recorded the whole conversation and y'all make excuses about him being single. But he was good and married when all of this started. Courtney a SF So back to your Vegas scenario. Envy. That's the difference according to the Tiana Taylor's homegirl. That's right. But I would also say this too, they're separated right now.


Right. So can't he hang out with whoever who he wants to hang out right now and can't she hang out with whoever she wants to hang out right now they're separated. Yeah, but you You know it's a soft spot. If this is somebody that You know you, you your estranged wife and mother, your kids had to That's true. Basically pull up on what her homegirls get on the phone and have a conversation with like, I don't don't do that. Like I don't deal with the friend you always told me not to worry about like that, that's just not good blood. And then y'all gotta raise kids together. And I know for a fact, Tiana Taylor has been holding her tongue because there's things that she could've said, but she has been trying to make You know him and herself just look like adults that do the right thing. She hasn't slander him. She hasn't went at him at all. So she's been she's been holding it down. I I would have to say that I know that for a fact.


Yeah. Well, Amber Rose decided You know she flew into LAX. So when she flew into L-A-X-T-M-Z got her in the airport and she doubled down on You. know the, the conversation that we've been having or not. We, Donald Trump and his team have been, have been having about You know the, the, it's a fake, it's a lie. The Haitian people in Ohio eating infield Ohio eating cats and dogs, which again is not true. So she doubled down on it. Trump and Vance have been accused of recently of being really racist. Right. The eating the dogs, the Haitian community, it's Racist if it's, if it's True. No, but it's not true. That's the thing. No, no, it's not true.


No, it's not that because have come out and said that they're dogs Inga in front of the fall with their own squad. I believe the Democrats are upset. Great. Just leave it alone. So you think that's, that's that's true. That that That some Asian people eat that that is not racist when something is true and poor. They on online, they just don happen to be patients were like, oh, that's racist. But if they're actually in how that racist? I thought that this was insane because I mean, I know that right? Like you spoke at the Republican National Convention. We get it. You're a Republican now we get it. You're Trump's like shiny new toy. But I would never go on a platform and say this after Trump's vice president admitted that he made things up.


Yeah, I didn't, I didn't like that for Amber. I think Amber's a lot smarter and brighter than that. I don't care if she's a Republican, a Democrat, You know, we tell people vote but vote for who you want to vote for. Vote for the policies that best suits you. And if Trump's policies best suit her, that is fine. But to say so something like that where we absolutely positively know it's false. People have said it's false. There has been no proof. So to keep spewing these lies, I don't get it. I don't understand why it takes a lot of res you, you lose a lot of respect for a person when You know something is false and you keep going with it. And none of this stuff has been proven. Now if it's been proven, if we seen it then it'd be, it'd be cool. And it's really affecting that community. Like I said, my, my, my best friend is, is Haitian salute.


So passe DJ Mon, he actually taught me how to dj. He tells me all the time, so many people come up to me and be like, do you guys really eat pets? And he's like, are you stupid? But it is affecting the whole community. And I. I we have to stop with the, the, the, the lies in the room now it's getting a little, it's going on too far. That's a crazy hill for her to wanna die on. I don't, I don't get it. But yeah, Well that is just with the mess with Lauren la So thank you Lauren. You're welcome. Alright, now when we come back, donkey of the day, Charlemagne is giving somebody donkey today. So don't go anywhere. It is The Breakfast, Club. Good morning, You are checking out The Breakfast Club. It's gonna be a donkey because right now you want some real donkey. It's time for Donkey of the Day. So If, you ever feel I need to be a donkey man?


Hit me with the hero. Did she get Don get any name, please tell me. Absolutely. I had become Donkey of the Day. The, Breakfast, Club bitches we're donkey. Got here today for Friday, September 19th goes to a 23-year-old man named Jevon j Owens. Now Jevon is from a place in Illinois called De Cob County. Now I'm gonna let You know right now this young man is being charged for tempted murder. But before we get into that, I am reminded, okay, I am reminded because it's today's donkey today that we don't acknowledge our glimmers enough. All right? We have a tendency as humans who are ever evolving, we have a tendency to only acknowledge our triggers. Glimmers versus triggers. Here goes Charlemagne with his mental health.


Minus Talk yet again? Yes. Here I go again. Okay. Triggers are people, places, moments, just those cues that move our body into fight or flight. But glimmers are also cues, but there are cues that move our body into a, a feeling of safety, a feeling of connection. Okay, g Glenth connect us to something good. Why did I bring that up this morning? Because today's story, even though it's an attempted murder, all right, I'm letting You know right now. It's an attempted murder. It gave me a glimmer because there is something at the syn, the center of this story that connected me to some great memories and that something is one of the greatest somethings of all time. And we call that something, a peanut butter and jelly sandwich drop on a clues, bombs for the peanut butter and jelly sandwich.


Now don't you ever, don't you ever, as long as you black, act like you two good for a bite of a peanut butter and jelly sandwich. Okay? All my brothers and sisters of all races If, you have a soul then you appreciate a good peanut butter and jelly sandwich. You haven't lived until you've eaten a peanut butter and jelly sandwich. That white bread with that food paste made from ground dry roasted peanuts coupled with that soft, almost elastic consistency, those three things, that peanut butter, that jelly, that white bread, those three things get together and have a freak off in your mouth. You hear me? Okay? When those three flavors come together, my god, the salty cream richness of the peanut butter with the sweet, slightly tart kick of jelly, it's literally the yin and yang of sandwiches.


Okay? Peanut butter and jelly represents what happens if all races in America just came together. Okay? It's the harmony we didn't know we needed, but it it's a taste you just can't live without. All right, more on peanut butter and jelly when I come back because I have to remind you why we here, we're here because Jevon has an attempted murder charge and he has that charge because he got into a quarrel, a kerfuffle over a peanut butter and jelly sandwich. I really need you to listen to me. Okay J he, he was taken into custody after he seriously injured another man with a butter knife during ar, during an argument over a peanut butter and jelly sandwich. If convicted Owens could face a sentence ranging from 30 years to 60 years in prison, he was ordered to be held without bail during a court hearing this past Monday at the DeKalb County Jail in Sycamore.


Now let the record show the defendant is only 23 years old and is already pleaded guilty to two violent crimes with three more pending. All of these incidents occurred within an 18 month span. The injury sustained by the victim 'cause of the butter knife were so severe that he had to be transferred to a Chicago hospital for further treatment. Court records revealed that a witness told police the dispute began over a messy peanut butter and jelly sandwich. The witness actually attempted to intervene, but Owens allegedly swung a butter knife over her shoulder and hit the victim. The victim said the argument started because someone left peanut butter and jelly on the counter. And as the confrontation escalated, Owens allegedly pulled out the butter knife and the victim retaliated by throwing punches.


He later told police that he didn't realize he had been stabbed until he started feeling faint. The victim sustained five stab wounds from the butter knife, the various parts of his body. The the injuries were spread out all over his body because of the the butter knife. It included his hip back, armpit and collarbone. According to the doctors, the wounds punctured and intestine. And the victim expressed fear that Owens had intended to kill him clean up the goddamn gif. Why would you leave Welch's Concord grape jelly open like this? You see what a mess caused. This is why you always gotta hear both sides because when I heard this story I knew it had to be more to it because peanut butter and jelly, it don't make people act like this. Peanut butter and jelly is a time machine that does nothing but bring you back to an existence when life was simple, one bite and you're instantly transported back in time.


It's like having the adventurous time travel bracelet. You get taken back to your childhood, you and your mama or grandma kitchen humming the theme song to Martin. You just carefree, not a worry in The World. And then here comes someone disturbing your goddamn peace. You can go from glimmer to trigger and left an oh 0.4 seconds all because someone left peanut butter and jelly on the counter and didn't clean it up. Now I'm not a lawyer, okay? If it's one thing the Diddy case has showed us all this week is that none of none of us know the law. But this is a clear case of self-defense. My client had a butter knife. Why did he have a butter knife? Duh. It's a jar of Skippy on the counter, your honor. And Smucker strawberries squeeze with some wonder bread. Clearly I'm about to make a peanut butter and jelly sandwich.


And then this madman who probably can't appreciate pb and J and thinks ham and cheese is top tier starts swinging punches at me. So I did what any self-respecting lover of peanut butter and jelly would do and that's cut him with my butter knife. Now. Now that's what I would say and that's probably why he wouldn't get a bond because the reality is peanut butter and jelly sandwich is a classic one of the greatest, if not the greatest comfort foods of all time. But there's a long list of things that should never lead to violence. And near the top of that list is, you guessed it, the peanut butter and jelly sandwich. You can't catch an attempted murder charge over no damn peanut butter and jelly sandwich. That's just trivial. I don't even know what type of peanut butter it was. Crunchy, smooth name, brand generic.


Same with the jelly. But you don't want to go to prison for life for a spread because in prison you can become a spread. Yes, I'm talking about your ass cheeks. What If you get spread in prison and then they start calling you peanut butter and jelly in the joint. That's your nickname now. Now you got a nickname like Skippy Squeeze or or or Jif Jam. And now people spreading your ass cheeks all over the prison. Listen, we have to learn better conflict resolution skills. We have to learn how to communicate without violence. These two brothers weren't fighting over no damn peanut butter and jelly sandwich. Clearly there is some unresolved trauma there and Jevon has a history of violence. So stabbing him with the butter knife was the effect, not the cause. And we will never get to the cause because all they going to do is attempt to send this young man to prison.


And I'm not saying he shouldn't be held. There should be consequences for his actions. He should be held accountable for his actions. But going to prison, he it will never get him the proper mental health care. He needs to see exactly what is troubling this young man. Please give Javon j Owens the sweet sounds of the Hamiltons. Oh No, you the donkey of the day. You're the doggy of the day. He All charlamagne. Thank you for that donkey today. Yes indeed. All right, when we come back, Ms. Pat will be joining us right now.


She's on tour, of course the hot and flashy tour and we gonna talk to her when we come back. So don't move. It's The. Breakfast. Club. Good morning The. Breakfast Club. Morning everybody. It's DJ Nvi. Just hilarious. Charlamagne the guy We are The Breakfast. Club Jess on maternity leave and we got Laura LaRosa filling in of course. And we got a special guest and family to the room. She's back. Ladies and gentlemen, miss Pact. Good morning Miss Pact. Good morning You. know I, I was looking forward to seeing your ass 'cause I just knew you were gonna be shining up like you just left Diddy house. He Not put on Lost shit Life four time He everyone You know what? I didn't think about that. He looked like he stopped at the airport or some old and shine his face up.


You know when that old pair of black shoes, when that thousand bottles of baby oil came out. I was like Shy M Thing. You Thought he be on up. I was like Puffy bought that damn pandemic and he had it ready too. Boy. Do you think he was using it for nefarious means or he just buys in both? I don't know if for nefarious means all I know I'm gonna, Hey I'm gonna say this 'cause this worked for OJ but he was black and he was ashy. So you telling me can't no black man have no thousand bottles of I just bought a sale of three boxes of bath and body work. You going to tell me I can't keep stuff to refresh my booty hole around my house?


A thousand bottles though? Well sometime, sometime your Sam card or make you do that. If it was Vaseline I might believe it. 'cause we, we was, you had to have Vaseline in the house but baby oil is like That's and lubricant now a certain amount of money. You don't use Vaseline no more. Oh mama baby. Oh that petroleum clogs your skin? Yes, that's what they said. I don't know. I use both. You use baby oil like the moisturize? I don't use no baby oil. Oh yeah. I like Gold Bond, the lotion. But we know, I'm surprised. Have you Been following the case? Do you Think you should have got a bond? Why y'all be, this is a big show you started, you came, you came in the baby oil because I thought about your face.


Y'all always look like a walking deal. Do You know? Well I mean he had 700 wasn't true about the 700 deal dose. I seen that too but I didn't wanna bring that up. That wasn't I anything about, I like You know who counted the, I wanna know who was in charge did it, how if this for real and say did the, can you imagine that conspiracy charge once everybody start getting called in on conspiracy? Ooh, because somebody had to go buy the dildo. Miss Pac, I would've bought the dildo. I'm an assistant. I'm not going ask him what he need. I got a gay daughter. She got a shoebox with about 40 of them. No you found it.


It fell out the closet. Oh God. I wanna know who job was it to wash them Dildos. Oh. Oh did my daughter put her husband in a dishwasher? So I'm, I got some dishwashers. Wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait. Yeah the dishwasher where your dishes go? You got a er? She put the dildos in the dishwasher. Lesbian put they dildos, they soak 'em and essence salt so they can get the strength back and then they still come out. Wow. Stop laughing. You know you so them to get the elastic back tight. Oh my goodness. This was my So you opened up your dishwasher one time, you can see the dealer? No, it was hot dishwasher and right there next to the plate.


Does she have multiple or she watchess her regular dishes? No, she got, she got multiple. My daughter Keep on Dick. That's right. Yeah. Right. You said you got in trouble last time you came here. And I trouble up here. I ain't blame it on somebody else. No it's not as you trouble appear. Get the whole story. All right. I don't got in trouble. I went viral. You know I don't like going viral. Then first thing people wanna say she fat. Let me tell you. So I came into this business fat and I'm probably going to die fat. Leave me alone. All y'all ever say is I'm fat. I know I'm fat. I put, I put, I pull my drawers on and off. I see the how the Alaska have scratched out. I know what I am and I'm okay. Are you sure they calling you fat or they just might be misspelling your name on Instagram?


You, I love this Miss Pat. I can't stand this on Chest Cat and you back on tour. Hot and flashy tour. Hot and flashy. Yes. What that mean? Is that like a play on hot flashes? No, just kind of, but I'm high and flashy. Don't you think You know? I'm 52, sometimes 53. So You know it's, it's all about, I do have a few menopause jokes on this tour, but the whole tour is not about going through menopause. And it's something I think women should not be ashamed to talk about. You know when you hear the word menopause, you ought to madly think we drying out DJ Envy. I'm not dry. I slowly, so I'm always some type of, okay.


Why? Why, why? Like for what reason was that need be told to let You know Black ass. I still got them Juicy flowing still Got it. Thank you baby. Need it? No baby oil. Need it for this right here. Why did you say 52 sometimes 53. It is a, it is according to what chair I'm sitting in. God damn. The first thing Fence Pass said I'm glad y'all got rid of them. Them ugly ass chairs we used to have. They was hurting my back. Oh my God. I was so sick of them prom chairs. I was like who? It was black baby shower box. Yes, yes. It's so ugly. They was so ugly. And I'm surprised these fans in color PenFed tell y'all how they did. How EMD you looked in them.


We look gay. That's wait, you think that's what made them look gay? You know I here trying to use big words. Say we look gay. Say we was Black Kings. Black Kings in. That's not how it looked. That emasculated You know what I'm trying say? Yeah, I heard you. I got you. Thank you. Yeah, I only got one. And plus you had all that baby oil


Had enough of those supplements that leave you feeling nothing. SymbioticA is your solution. The great tasting, all natural supplements that actually work crafted with premium plant-based ingredients. They're products have no seed oils, fillers, or toxins. Dry them out and actually feel the difference today. Visit symbiotica.com and use code iHeart for 15% off plus free shipping on your subscription order. Again, that's 15% off plus free shipping on your subscription order. Go to symbiotica.com. C-Y-M-B-I-O-T-I-K a.com.


They're take black jobs. Black jobs, huh? Well I'm sure he meant doctors, lawyers, and teachers. Right, right. Keep going. Entrepreneurs, CEOs. Nope. Supreme Court Justices. Probably not Presidents, vice presidents. That's funny. Another day, another racist insult from Trump. Hey, Speaking of black jobs, I got a black job for You. What's that? Making Sure the guy that said Black jobs never becomes president again. I'm Kamala Harris. Candidate for President And I approve this message paid For by Harris for president.


This is Coke Zero sugar. Could I be the best Coke ever? Try and taste with your ears here. Those bubbles, imagine them tingling on your top busy deliciousness. Listen to that cascading liquid. A mouthwatering waterfall, irresistibly tasty, zero sugar, crisp, refreshing, and ice. Gold is Coke. Zero sugar. The best Coke ever. Try and decide The summer is heating up. So the next time you pop open a Coca-Cola or Coke. Zero sugar. Prepare for ice cold drops from Coke Studio. New music from your favorite artists in their latest hits with drops from new jeans. Carol g Peggy goo usher, and Tyler plus live performances at the biggest festivals of the year. Grab taste that moves you. Scan your Coke, a Coke zero sugar 12 ounce can and unlock magic music moments all year long, no purchase necessary. 13 plus and 50 US, DC and Canada. 18 plus for select prizes ends October 31st. Rules, eligibility and prize. availability@kochurl.com slash Studio usa. Promo Corp Wright 2024, the Coca-Cola Company.


This is it your moment. This is your time to make your comeback with Purdue Global. When you come back with a Purdue Global degree, you create opportunity for yourself, your family, and your future. It's a degree you can be proud of, a degree that employers will trust and respect Purdue Global offers working adults like you, over 175 flexible degree programs to meet your specific career goals. These include associate, bachelor's, master's, and doctoral degrees and certificates. Purdue global degree programs range from nursing to business to communication and more. Whatever your interest, we have the degree that will move you forward. You have the knowledge, you have the experience. Now it's time to get credit for the work you've done and earn the recognition you deserve with Purdue Global, Purdue's Online University for working adults. You know you're worth it. We do too. So don't wait another second to get the degree that will take your career to the next level. Start your comeback today@purdueglobal.edu.


How long you slipping out that chair every morning? I never wore no baby oil. You be shiny. You a little dry today. But I think the only reason why you dry is because they found all your evidence at Puff Puff. You done changed it up now, now you got a different oil. Now you got something different. Little boy you Really stopped to go put some oils on. Okay. So show us when he talks you through it, how does it go? Let, let's see. Damn, I Got my Vaseline in the back. No, but you put no Vaseline on. Does it Really clock your pores? I think black people will really be upset to hear that. Okay. They it good for your feet? I don't know. Just what you, your feet. You remember how your mama used to put all that Vaseline in the sock and stick her feet in there and sleep overnight? She wake up with socks, her feet feeling like baby ass.


And My did That we did baby powder. Never Did. I could see what you're saying because they do something like that. And when you go to the nail salon Yeah, They put, they put your feet. Well my mother and my mother-in-Law used to slip Vaseline in a sock and slip your feet in there, let 'em soak all night long. Really? Yeah. Nigga your feet. Me feeling so good you kiss 'em, man, that's that sound like that might feel good now. Yeah, you should try. Yeah. Stick your lip in a sock. Stick your lip in a sock overnight. That's crazy. You know how asking your mouth gotta be. If somebody take a stick your lip in a sock overnight. You was a little dry before you went on that today. Little pocketbook. You got on now. See you getting to season five? We looking good. We looking good. They better. Yeah, they better.


They better. They better. Yeah. Tyler just did a lifetime deal, so he gonna be making other shows over there. He made a lifetime deal. Yes. No, A lifetime. At Lifetime. Oh really? Yeah. I thought Tyler got about 9,000. Damn deal. I love me some Tyler Perry. What they waiting on to renew the show? We looking good. I'm gonna just say that. Okay. We looking good. We looking good. I I I think everything is gonna be all right. I'm in the second season of Miss Past the Judge Show. Okay. You ever see the judge show? I have seen it. Yeah. It's really good. I see the commercials all the time. I seen Your tweets. You, you be tweeting during the shot. So it tweets. I don't hear one TV How many times? A lot. It can come on all the time in reruns, but I watch it on BET plus. Okay. Well I appreciate that. What you looking at me like?


I really do like Ms. Pache. No. Well, I'm glad you do. And the court, the court, I don't know how you keep a straight face with the court show. Court show. So fine. That, that is funny. But You know the cases are real and the people are real And I don't see any case before they bring it to me. I just tell 'em, let me see. Just bring the case in now. And it be the wildest No, like real, like these are like real cases. I thought that was were actors. No, they might, you might see, they might be people who went viral on social media. Okay. Or, but they be real cases and would give away real money. So the dude with the siblings, with the, with the one gay sibling and the girl and the brother, they was all real too. Yeah. That Was all real too. My favorite cases are the one, the lady who got out the feds, the two s was arguing about the feds. They was in the feds and one of 'em did some work for her and she was sorted.


Her name was Shehe. She showed her ass. She showed her ass. Well, I was in there hollering. I was hollering. All right. We got more with Miss Pat when we come back. It's The, Breakfast, Club. Good morning. Morning everybody. Is Steve. JNV just hilarious. Charlamagne the guy. We are The. Breakfast Club. We're still kicking it with Miss Pat. You watch the debate. I did watch the debate. But what did you think? Y'all let me, I think Trump is a damn fool. And I like, I liked her policy. I I, one thing that really sticks out about me, and I'm not a very political person, is the whole thing about the rights with the woman body. Even though my tubes are tied and I'm empty on the inside, and I'm not fighting for my, I'm fighting for everybody else. Who are you to tell me that I can't have an abortion?


Who are you to tell me to do? Because it sound it's real what she's saying. It's just funny, man. Yeah, but who are you? Tell me. I'll fight for your fight for you. And nobody should have a right to tell us what we can do with our body. Not only that, nobody ever say anything about You know you wanna tell us we can't have no kids. Well, what we gonna do with all these soft running around America? I wanna, I want a law for that. Are you gonna cut 'em off in Fry? Gretchen is crazy. That's insane. That sound good? Don't mouth water. Say mouth watering. Who's office Water in Charlamagne Charlamagne said mouth watering Christ. Who?


No, I ain't looking over that no more. So that's how I feel. You know And, I do like some of her, her other, her other policies too. But I'm just You know. I I can't do Trump, so I don't even care what your policy is. I just can't do Trump And I don't knock people for doing Trump. 'cause I have a lot of fans who support Trump. And I. My thing with politics is I respect your, I respect you. So respect me. That's all that I ask when I'm rocking my You rock your You know. People get mad when people have on Trump gear. They bought their shit from China just like these wigs. And they, them braids came from China. Hey, it's just to cover our heads. It don't mean in the end. So I respect people. Is it true that your sister-in-law died at the Super Bowl? Yes. What she did?


We were, I was, what happened? Well, first of all, sorry, but Yeah. Yo, you don't like your sister-in-Law or Miss Pat? You crazy. Why? Why you shaking me? Say sorry. What just happened? Did I miss And? I? I'm new in the room. Did I miss it? Miss Pat? You so you hear me? How Super Bowl, bro? Crazy. So I went to the Super Bowl when the Falcon played the Patriot, and I'm a big ass Falcon fan. Everybody know the album Die Big as Falcon Big ass. I be you. Yeah. Long lip bastard, neck looking like my vagina. But anyway, I go to the Falcon Games and my, I'm we winning. We winning And. I was like, oh, the faculty slow down.


They just going too fast. And the Patriot fans are getting to beginning to beginning to leave. Around the third quarter start, these s started to come back. I get a phone call from my husband. I'm at the game. I'm like, what's wrong? I'm in the bathroom pacing. Come on, Falcon. Don't let him come back. My husband's like, my sister just had a heart attack. You should go into the hospital. And I'm like, excuse my French, y'all. I love my sister. I'm like, at the time I was in state of shock. I was like, I don't give a fuck. The Falcon about to do the Super Bowl. You said that to your husband? Yeah. So And I hung up the phone. So as the game went on, You know the Falcons lost. And so he called me back and said she passed. And as he's saying it, I walk out the door to the stadium and Channel five is right there from Atlanta. What do you think about the Falcon?


I was like, I don't give a fuck. And. I started cussing because I was so mad. So I heard At her death or at the loss. At the loss. Which loss? The Falcons. What are you talking about? What did your husband say when you got home? I just say, God, I wrote a bit about it. And I said You know the Falcon killed my sister-in-Law. Because they did. She was cheering and they said she choked on some chicken. I hope you didn't speak at the funeral. No, I went to the funeral and everybody had on Falcon gear. Oh. I said, this don't seem right. Her son Tony, her casket with a falcon. I was like, they killed your mama.


I'm not, I'm not lying. It's because she was a big fan though. Oh my God. Big fan. But they were to her casket and they had on Michael Vick jersey. I'm like, this don't seem right. That's like being at Nicole Simpson funeral. And everybody got OJ jerseys on. Well, that's not the same. It would be Yes it would. That's not the same. That's sort OJ didn't get convicted for killing her. Oh, bro. He lost, lost, lost the Falcons though. He lost civil, the Falcon killed her. She was watching the game in front of all of us. They was at the hospital calling back to see what the score was before they announced her passing. Mm. So she passed and they killed, they killed my sister-in-Law, the Falcon. But I'm You still a fan? Yeah. I ain't dead. But I, I'm a diehard fan.


I'm Atlanta. You very be careful saying diehard fan. Oh God, miss Pat. Well, well, You know. I tell 'em all the time when you a Falcon fan, every, every Falcon season I get diabetes because they a sugar level. Do not blame that on the Falcons. What, what happened? Shalom, what happened? You the only black I know that getaway with calling me fat all time. I didn't even call you fat said high blood pressure. I did not the way you said it. Do you not blame that? The emphasis I did not say that. You, he the one came over with that Big Mac T No. Yes. Was it Big Mac You? know what I'm saying? Big back. Yeah. That was him. Listen, what happened?


What was the fallout after the last time you left the show when people was upset with you back in Atlanta? Oh, they said I was angry, but I wasn't angry because I, one part that I left out is I had a two year contract. And I mean a two day contract. But I went in to work five days a week. So three days a week I gave that station free work. Just because I wanted to build a morning show. I wasn't angry. I just, in this business, You know ends. Just You know. You ain't gotta be dirty. I, I don't know how to deal with dirty people. Where, where, where, where I'm from. If. you dealing with a dirty mother. You usually fight 'em, but you can't. I got a little money now. They'll sue me. I can't hit people. So You know they that, that he didn't, he didn't really say anything back.


And I wasn't gonna go back and forth. I said how I felt and they know how I felt. And it was low down and dirty. I'm not nice. I wasn't gonna be nice about it. 'cause that's the only person that I ever felt like did me dirty. And I left it as that. But I'm still thriving. You can't stop me. I mean, I'm not going, I'm not gonna argue. You doing more than thriving. You winning out here. That's what you're, I'm not gonna arguing. Dj. If If you lose that job, you gotta go to Macon. By the way, I only asked you that question. I thought you was gonna say something nice. I thought you were gonna try clean it up. I did not ask Yes. I did not ask you that. That did you. Yes I did. Yeah. Well, I, I don't give, you can't, you can't, you can't really worry about what people think about you when you do what you do. Because I always said If, you ain't got no haters then it's something wrong with you. That's right. That's right. You know. I reach y'all comments all the time and they hate you Charlemagne.


But you come in here every morning and you win. They, they call you gay. Yep. They say you ugly. They say he's a guy lighter. He hates black women. You hate black women. And. I know you don't hate black women. No. I love that. Outta everything you just heard. That's the only one that you cleared up. Gay boy. You sound like Mr. Now you sound like Mr. You gay, you ugly, you black, you shy. You're not needed. You feel like a troll. I've heard, I've heard all kind of your Anna apple ain't real. You cleared up was what? But You know black women. That's the one that Jesus. Oh my God, man. I do think you do love black women.


I do. That's all I know. And I. I love the foundation of my life. And I love And I. See you all over the place. Talking about The World. I just told somebody I got this whole vision about you. And I don't know if it's gonna come true. But I really think you gonna run for Congress. I can see you in politics. Really? God gave me that vision for you. I can see you in politics. And, I. Really think that's where you headed. I can't wait. Huh? Could you imagine all the gay lovers that's gonna stop popping now and all the things I ain't got no gay lovers. That's a lie. It gonna be L-B-G-Q-T-P, Charlemagne. Oh, I receive that. Whatever God showed you for me, I receive it. I I I really think that's where you going to end up. And I. I mean, and you will be a good one. Mm. You will be. You. You remind me of what's Andrew Gillum go to miss pat comedy.com man.


So you can go see the other s Man. It is Miss Pat, we appreciate you Miss Pat. I appreciate everything. Club The. Breakfast, Club. Morning Everybody. It's DJ Envy. Jess, Larry Charlamagne the guy. We are The Breakfast. Club. Lauren Rosa filling in for Jess. And it's time for pass the A DJ spin. What's up Nala? Hey, big Nyla. NYLA. What's happening? What's Up guys? Her her. How you feeling?


I'm feeling good. Yeah. Can't complain. I'm gonna kick off this week with a few records that actually came out last Friday, but I didn't get to highlight them. I'm gonna start off with Wale with Ghetto speak off of this new EP he dropped right before his tour, which actually starts this week as well. I didn't know Wale put out a ep. Damn. Last week Wa Dope Wale. So now it makes sense. 'cause I, I saw mad people having these new conversations about wa and they were saying how dope Wale can Rap and Wale's better than j Cole Fashion and France. What? You saw that? Yeah. Yeah. I saw people were having that conversation, which I I They have that all the time. Well, that Wale j Cole, I don't Disagree with that debate. I mean, I think after the whole future Kendrick Lamar situation, If, you had to pick like a big three just based off who's the best rappers, like raping ability.


I would probably pick Kendrick Rhapsody Wale like this best. Well let, let's be clear about one Thing. What Kendrick is No. And nobody's Big three no more. It's just Big Kendrick. Oh, he like shotgun's A fact. I'm just saying that we're just talking about just rapping ability. Yeah. I I would Always, y'all got me in trouble yesterday because I said that some people don't want conscious music and that's 'cause you a Ratchet. No, but I just think that it depends on the, like Wale, I listen to Wale. I actually buy his music 'cause I really wanna support him. I love everything he puts out. I think he's conscious. You would say he's conscious, right? But I'm just saying. But the same way that I like to be in the club. And, I wanna hear Sexy Red, I love Wale. Depends on who the artist is. You did wa in the Club, But Wale also got club dress.


Yeah, But the other the the The bang too. The D the D one Side. You didn't say that yesterday though. Lauren. Y'all Didn't gimme a chance. Envy opened it with She Ratchet. She don't think she looking for the Ho. She, I didn't even get a chance. We played D one and LaRay two, we played D one and Lecrae. Lauren was like, nobody wanna hear that. First of all, I didn't even read that. He said Nobody wanna hear that shit. I did not. That is not true. Okay, what happens? Okay, so before we even played the songs, we were having a conversation. Okay, it's edited. You Got the more songs to play. N Basically Played with me, Rap with me here because that D one song I literally said to envy, I would listen to this in like a lounge. The beat. She did not say that Envy Rapp is the best lyricist next to Kendrick. Then it's Kendrick I got and then Wale I got, I like Wale a lot.


Wale dope If you If you talk about Wale and Cole Wale's better than Cole. So Drake ain't got no lyrics. I think Wale better than Drake too. Me personally. Mix Tape lyrics. My personal opinion. I don't Think Drake got Lyric. No, he can get to it. But he be playing. He he he Be And. I knew that we've had in rap. I just needed a break from listening to And Jake bow out one time and all of a sudden he ain't got lyrics either. No said that And I said he got lyrics. He said that he liked Wale over Cole. I said he Playing with my Light-skinned brothers. Now Who is playing with your light-skinned brothers? We'll, On to the next song. Oh my God, Lauren, This Is too much. I'm be at the Wale tour though. Super excited about that. And Rapsody just finished her European tour and she's headed. I'm talking About conscious rappers around Lauren, you dj, You DJing Wale? No, I'm not DJing. Y LA Oh, you just going?


Yeah, I'm just going. My friend money is his dj so I'm pull Cops. I wanna shout the money dj. Alright. Yeah, yeah, yeah. Money. That's my guy. Alright, so moving on to no more conscious rap. I can't, 'cause I have You could do conscious rap. Go ahead. This would be conscious of who's next to you. I, I Don't have any more conscious rap actually, but I would like to shout out that this has been a really hard month for me and I've been listening to, to Optimistic By Sounds of Blackness. By Sounds of Blackness. Oh my God, I love that song too. And it's just made me feel so much better. So you guys, if y'all going through it, listen to Sounds of Blackness. Optimistic. It feels really Good. Is that a conscious song That's a gospel record technically. Have you ever Heard that song? Yes. I, I had that song all the time. Don't listen to unc. I've been telling you to listen to that record forever. 'cause I always tell you that we live in an era where these phones constantly make us put our heads down.


So you should always keep your head to the sky. You say, you always Say look up but you don't say listen to song Because you look up like, like, like you, you just is a lot. So is that your next song? Nah, That's not my next song. My next Song. What are we doing here? Alright, my next song is actually going to App Power 1 0 5. Vet our girl Mikayla. She just dropped a new record called Fix Your Face. Okay, dope Records SL to Mikayla. Yes. By the time NLA starts showing Mikayla some love, Don't do that. Mikayla been and asking for a little bit, so I'm glad she's back. I like the new record. And I. Just hope we get more from Mikayla. Is It screaming now? Everywhere. What's it? It is Mikayla J right on Instagram? Yes. Yeah. Mikayla Snoop to McKayla. She we'll tag her in this video. Yeah, we'll tag you. There you go.


And then last but not least, I'm gonna go with Tui who's actually dropping a project in like two weeks. She just dropped the new records we're gunna Champs Elis, which I think is a spot in Paris. Lauren was losing it as soon as Lauren here. Lauren here she go. Crazy. You need To stop. No, it's the whipping it, whip it that too. See what I'm saying? Right. Well shout out to two C. I'm definitely looking forward for his new album to drop. Certified Vibe is actually gonna be curating a, a private intimate listening session for his new album Drop. Okay. Oh yeah. I'm Excited. Excited outside girl, I'm excited. And it's on our, our one year anniversary too. So dope, dope, dope. You know there's synergy there. When is that? I don't, I don't wanna announce it yet 'cause we're still working out some of the details.


But it's gonna happen within the next two weeks. So that's the next certified vibe is gonna be with Tusi. Yeah. All right. But it's private invite only type stuff. Rs VP only RSVP only. Yeah. Yeah. So it'll be on certified vibe.com but I'll definitely make sure to come up here and promote it as well. And then I'll also promote it in my newsletter. If you're not described, definitely tap in. But make sure you guys follow me on Instagram at Nyla Simone. N-Y-L-A-S-Y-M-O-N-E-E-E. And then make sure you guys tap in with my podcast. We need to talk W-N-T-T-L-K on the gram and on YouTube. Man, we've been having some great interviews. Victoria, Monet, Kani Juvenile, Mani Freshs, et cetera. I wanna get you guys up here actually having interviews with y'all too. But You know I work my way there.


What girl? We'll come tomorrow. What y'all doing tomorrow? They not coming. Y yo the way both of them just Not tomorrow. I gotta go to Vegas, But when I get back whatever. Yeah, you actually told me about your Vegas trip. And I already know what you're doing. So I'll Be in New Orleans, I'll be Xavier University at 10:00 AM today and then I'll be at Baldwin and Company Bookstore tonight at seven 30 in New Orleans. Alright, well Thank you Nala. Of Course. All right, up next, we got the People's Choice Mix. You know we throw it back on the Friday. It's The Breakfast Club. Good morning, Wake up. Wake up. You're locked into The. Breakfast, Club. Morning everybody. It's DEJ Envy. Jess. Hilarious. Charlemagne, the guy. We are The Breakfast. Club.


Lauren Rosa is filling in for just now. I gotta salute to everybody out in Vegas. I'm headed to Vegas now. The iHeartRadio Festival. Shay's performing when Stefani's performing. Doja Kas performing Camilla Cabello, ISS performing big. Sean's performing Victoria Monet the weekend just to name a few. So if you're on your way out there or If, you are in Vegas right now. We are about to have some fun today and tomorrow. Yes sir. It's Luther. Everybody that's going to Vegas, man. Sadly, I'm gonna miss the iHeart Music Festival this year 'cause I gotta be in New Orleans. I'm gonna be in New Orleans today at 10:00 AM I'll be participating in the Nola Love celebration at the Complication Center at Xavier University at 10:00 AM So I'll see y'all in, in, in, in, in just a few.


And then tonight in New Orleans, I'll be at Baldwin Company books. Okay. In conversation with the good sister Cherice Gibson of WLTV. I'll be there discussing my new book. Get Honest or Die Lying. Why Small Talk Sucks. If, you haven't gotten a copy yet. Go out there and get a copy. But I will be at Baldwin Company in New Orleans tonight at 7:30 PM All right, so New Orleans. I'll see y'all. And I. Just want to thank everybody. Envy real quick. Who went out there and, and and ordered my new graphic novel. You know I got a comic book coming out with a WA studios called Ill Illuminati. And You know it's, it's telling a lot of deep, dark secrets. You know of the, of various industries, whether it's Hollywood, whether it's the music industry, and it may or may not be based on a true story, okay?


Because you have to understand that You know these secrets and fame have a price. So when a rising hip hop star dies under mysterious circumstances, her twin sister, a young woman with psychic abilities, journeys to the city of angels for answers and becomes enmeshed in a dark conspiracy that shakes its way through the pillars of power, fame, and pop culture. So like I said, this may or may not be based on a true story, but you can go to kickstarter.com and type in Ill illuminati, I-L-L-U-M-I-N-A-T-I. Or you can type in Charlemagne and order you a copy. We've already reached our goal of what we was trying to trying to get. So thank you to everybody that's been ordering it this week. Alright, when we come back, we got the positive note and more. So don't move us.


The Breakfast, Club. Good morning. Morning everybody. It's DDJ Envy, just hilarious. Charlamagne, the guy we are The Breakfast. Club. Lauren, the Rosa filling in for Jess. We got a salute Miss Pat for joining us too. Salute to the good system. Miss Pat. Make sure you check out the Miss Pat show on BETI pray she gets renewed for season five. Make sure you check out her judge, her judge, show Ms. Pat rules. And of course she's on tour right now as well. Yeah, she'll be in Charleston, South Carolina tonight at the music hall. So go check Ms. Pat out tonight at the Charleston, Charleston, South Carolina Music Hall for her comedy show. Yep. And also Nelly Ferdo stop through. So salute to Nelly Ferdo. Man, I did not realize that Nelly Tato had been in the game so long thinking about it.


Oh my god, that's Crazy. Yep. Time flies bro. When I say time flies, it really flies. That is right. So salute to Nelly Ferdo. She's back on tour. Her album came out. So make sure you go out support Nelly Ferdo. Also, I gotta remind you guys this weekend I'm gonna be in DC for the Hampton Howard Game. You know I love my HBCU. I'm a big HBCU supporter, follower and and and push for all HBCUs. And I'm actually And alumni. And alumni. I really graduated. So yeah. So of course I'm DJing the game. Shout to Louis V. He's gonna be DJing with me. He didn't go to Hampton and Howard, I just got him the gig. 'cause we family. But we gonna be DJing this week and we gonna be turning it up. We gonna make it feel like a homecoming. So If, you are out in dc. Audi field is where we're gonna be. So I can't wait to see you guys.


We're gonna be repping all HBCUs now. Soloman, you got a positive note. I do have a positive note and it's simple. If, you believe it will work out. You'll see opportunities If. you believe it won't. You'll see obstacles. Choose wisely Breakfast Club. Bitches do. I'm finish or y'all done. Residents at BrightView Senior, Living communities enjoy enhanced possibilities, independence and choice. BrightView Dulles Corner in Herndon and BrightView Great Falls offer Vibrant senior independent living assisted living and memory care services through various daily programs and cultural events. Chef prepared meals, safety and security, transportation resorts to amenities and high quality care.


Everything you need is here. Discover more at BrightView Senior Living dot com. Equal housing opportunity. Roku has what you need to make your college home away from home. Feel more like your own. Make your dorm the place to be with Roku tv. Or bring a Roku streaming stick to easily access all your favorite free and premium content like iHeartRadio. Stream your favorite playlist with the Roku vibe, setting smart light strips to sink your music to millions of colors and make your dorm feel more like you. Make your dorm the place to be with Roku TV streaming players and smart lights. Head to Roku dot com or your favorite retailer to deck out your dorm. High Five Casino. High five Casino is a social casino with real prizes and Big Vegas hits@highfivecasino.com.


The hottest games right from Vegas and all winnings. Go straight to your bank account, hundreds of exclusive games, free daily rewards, and come back to get free coins every four hours. only@highfivecasino.com. High five Casino is a social casino. No purchase necessary void. Were prohibited. Play responsibly terms and condition supply. See website for details at high, the number five casino.com. High five casino Gear up for outdoor adventures with the 2024 Nissan Pathfinder. This mid-size SUV is designed for Epic Journeys offering spacious seating for eight available panoramic moonroof and an available intelligent four-wheel drive feature with seven drive modes. To take your offroad experience to new heights, discover the 2024 Nissan Pathfinder at Nissan usa.com.


Intelligent all-wheel drive cannot prevent collisions or provide enhanced traction in all conditions. Always wanted to. Traffic and weather conditions. Towing capacity varies by configuration. See Nissan Towing Guide and Owner's manual for additional information always secure Cargo Zero. Foxtrot isn't just a brand, it's a way of life. Founded and operated by veterans. Zero Foxtrots unique apparel and gear echoes the grit of the warrior culture. Zero. Foxtrot dedicates itself to producing content, honoring the sacrifices of forgotten heroes of the past, and connecting history to the present. Embark on a journey with zero Foxtrot today@zerofoxtrot.com. It's not merely our products, it's about the ethos that we embody, rugged, resilient, and timeless.