
The new year is here, and I'm trying to keep things simple this year. One thing to help me keep things simple is Amazon Prime. It's the cheat code to staying locked in on whatever you need. It's not just fast delivery. Prime's a whole experience from Prime Video and Amazon Music to prime free one day delivery. It's got everything to keep my year stress free. Watching Thursday night football prime's got you with the same day snack delivery. Wanna chill after the game? Find a movie on Prime video and kick back with some Amazon music. Whatever you're into, it's on Prime. Visit amazon.com/prime.


Now,


American Public University understands the challenges of balancing education with a busy ever changing life. Whether you're part of a military family managing PCs moves, or a working professional juggling career and family, A PU offers the flexibility you need to succeed. Deliver online APUS programs make it possible to learn wherever life takes you. And courses are offered in eight and 16 week formats with monthly start dates, so you can begin when it's convenient and progress at a pace that's comfortable for you. A PU is committed to making education affordable for everyone. For active duty, military and their families, the preferred military rate is just 250 per credit hour. Veterans and their families can benefit from the Veteran Grant, which provides 10% off undergrad and master's levels tuition. And for everyone else, the Opportunity Grant offers the same 10% tuition savings, making higher education within reach for all. Visit ap.ap.edu/military to learn more American public University education that moves with you.


Taking control of your career is empowering. Just don't tell my boss. I said that. Building a career just isn't about a job. It's about creating a path that impacts our community and future generations. Whether you're starting out or making big moves, State Farm is here to support you with resources to help protect what you're working hard to achieve. They've got your back every step of the way because like a good neighbor State Farm is there. Find out more at State Farm dot com.


Life is the act of custom reinvention that's true for you and for cars. Nissan Reimagine the all new kicks around you. The Bolds Personal plus sound system with speakers in the headrest keeps you in the groove while the Nissan Safety Shield 360 technologies keep you safe. If Nissan invented the kicks, you can reinvent yourself. Drive the all new Reimagined Nissan Kicks today Available feature. Bose is a registered trademark of the Bose Corporation Nissan Safety Shield Technologies can't prevent all collisions or worn in all situations. See owner's manual for important safety information.


Good morning. USA. Yo. Yo. Yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo, yo yo. Jess is out sick. Lauren Lewis is filling in. What up Lauren? Good morning y'all. Charlemagne to God. Peace to the planet. It's Thursday. Oh, I need my, oh, there you go. My lighter. I like my other candle. I set the mood, you know what I'm saying? Absolutely. Create some ambiance on this fine Thursday. How y'all feel out there? Man, I feel blessed black and highly favored. Happy to be here another day to serve our beautiful listeners. What's happening, Charlo? What's the brand on that black candle? What is the brand on this black candle right here? Yes. It's a, the Candle brand is a black owned brand on, and they found me on TikTok and sent them up here. And I've been meaning this For it.


J Collections. J Collections. Yes. The candles. Yeah. J collections. shop.com. SLU to J Collection. Thank you for the candles. They smell amazing. I burnt mine so fast in my house. Oh Yeah, that mahogany, what's that right there? That's that Mahogany T Wood right there. Yes. Yes. Luther J Collections. Thank you. How you feeling Lauren? What's going on? Good. You good? I felt great. Yep. Got a lot of sleep last night. I took some air flu. Why you sick? Don't come ahead With that now. No, I'm not sick. I just felt yesterday I felt like I was getting a cold. Remember? I was like, I feel so tired. Yeah, yeah. Yeah. So I took medicine yesterday, went to bed early, made dinner dinner better. I feel, I feel night and day. Okay. Nobody got time to be sick. And I got four kids at the house. One of 'em was already sick. I don't bring nothing to y'all. Don't bring nothing to me. I don bring nothing to Me. Don't say nothing. Won't Be nothing. See, my kids always come in sick, man.


It is. It is always something with the kids. And there's so many of 'em. It's they in school though, right? Yeah, it's, they're in School and so many of 'em. Yeah, So many of 'em. 13. No, it's not that many. It's six, but only five at the crib And SLU to everybody. I saw her in Brooklyn last night, man. I was at the Green Light Bookstore in Brooklyn. The good sister Anita Ax put out her second book. The Win on her Tongue is book two of the Daughter of Three Waters trilogy. And we had a fantastic book signing for her last night. Dope book signing and conversation about the book. Lemme tell you, hood dudes from Brooklyn something, man, you know when you do events right? You know, and you know if, if I'm moderating. So it can be a mixture of both. So you know, Anita brings out all the, the Righteous and you bring out the Rap Good Sisters, you know what I'm saying?


So you know who you bring out The whole sisters and you bring out the hood. Know what I'm bring, I don't wanna say who it was. Hey, one of my guys came out and he was dapping me up and he was talking to me and he was like, man, I came out here with this shorty man. You know what I'm saying? Yo, this shorty got the audacity to ask me to buy her a book. It's a book bookstore. It's Green Light bookstore. We're here for Anita ak the win on her tongue. Of course she wants to book. He goes, man, I ain't even sniffed a yet. The panties yet. How much is the book? No, he mean he ain't even sniff the panties yet. I know, but how much is the book that you gotta sniff first? I don to divide it. The book like 25, 20 $6. But he said it loud.


And so one of the sisters was like, I heard that. I said, I wish I didn't. I Know that Shea Butter Babies was mad at him. Oh my goodness. They was in There Mad was In there brown and beautiful. Here he comes. Exactly. You know what I saying? Hair everywhere. You just being laughed with Well grown edges salute Brooklyn. The layered on one. Gotta love Brooklyn. Needless to say, I gave him a free book. Okay? So I hope it worked out for him. I hope We stitch some babies last night. I hope it worked out for him. Oh man, I bought the book for him, so I hope it worked out for, oh Boy. He didn't even buy the book. $26. He said What? I said He didn't even buy the book. He was like, No, he ain't buy the book. Same shot out. Listen, this morning she mad 'cause she was texting her group chat like, and he buy me books, But she don't know who it is though, so I don't wanna say who it Is.


He said, shout him out this morning. Don't do it. No, not doing that. Don't do It. No. Trying to tell you, she in a group chat saying he, He's, I wonder intellectual if, I wonder if he bought a dinner last night. There's no way. He didn't wanna do $26 book At All. She had to eat before she got there. He's got pizza. You get a dollar 99 slice. We Got food at home. All right, well, Bosma St. John will be joining us this morning. Now, if you don't know who Bosma is, she's been up here before. She's an executive. She was an executive at Netflix. She was executive at Apple, she was executive at Uber. Now she has her own hair brand Eve by Bowes. And you might know her on the real housewife of Beverly Hills. She recently lost her home in the LA Fires her Malibu home. So we'll talk to her about all that, what's going on on her housewives in Beverly Hills.


And I believe RAs Baraka is joining us this morning. I realize I've been saying his name wrong for August. Rob Baraka Newark. He's running for governor of New Jersey. Yeah, he's running for governor of New Jersey. So we'll talk to him in a little bit as well. But let's get right into it. Front page news, Morgan will be joining us, so don't go anywhere as The Breakfast Club. Good morning. Morning everybody. It's De JNV Jess, hilarious. Charlamagne, the guy. We are The Breakfast Club Lauren Osa filling in for Jes. And let's get in some front page news. I wanna start off with some quick NFL News now, jets, high former lines defensive coordinator. Aaron Glenn as the new head coach, and he's a brother, so congratulations to him. Hello, Darren Glenn, man, sorry that you, you know, gonna go to the New York jet. They gonna suck and they gonna fire you after a year.


But you should have came to the Cowboys. It's an opportunity To, the Cowboys would've gave you at least three. Jesus, that Was such a backhanded. Congrats. It's not that backhanded. Congrats to him. It's a backhanded congrats to the NFL and the way they handle black coaches. You know, when you, and they send them to the most terrible franchises. And when the franchises don't do well, they ship 'em out after a year. How many black coaches got fired after a year? This year? Like two, right? Two or Three. Two or three this year. Yeah. Well, good morning, Morgan. Good morning. Good morning. DJ Envy, Charlemagne, the God and Lauren LaRosa. Peace. Good morning. Good. All right, let's get into it. We are watching more develop out west with the LA wildfires, or fire officials are giving an update on a new fire burning rapidly through Southern California.


The Hughes fire sparked Wednesday morning, burning more than 10,000 acres near the Castaic area in a remote area. North Los Angeles, LA County Fire Chief Anthony Maroney spoke about battling the Blaze and LA County Sheriff Robert Luna assured residents not to stress about looters. Let's hear from those officials. The situation remains dynamic and the fire remains a difficult fire to contain, although we are getting the upper hand. So I wanna make sure people know that, that if you leave your homes, there will be additional deputies working out there in the neighborhoods to make sure your homes are safe. Yeah. So no structures have been damaged so far with, from this particular fire with roughly 4,000 fire personnel assisting officials do say winds are driving the spread of the fire with the National Weather Service extending a red flag warning through 10:00 AM tomorrow morning.


So we'll con continue to keep you guys posted and continue to keep LA in our prayers in regards to those fires. Yeah, they Said that they said rain is gonna be coming this weekend and that's what they're, they're praying and hoping for just a little bit of rain. But I wonder when do see, see Lo Kim did our rain dance and that monsoon is on the way. I don't know about a mon monsoon S right? I don't know. I don know how much rain is coming, but they said rain. I, I was just curious, when do the insurance companies start heading over there and start evaluating and start paying those people? You know, some of 'em were, What, what was the thing about in people not getting full insurance for The houses or something so that their insurance was dropped beforehand, weeks beforehand. But yeah, I believe that some of this stuff is already being processed.


You just have, it's like, it really is case by case though, considering Gotcha. What, what your coverage is or you know, based on where you're located and things of that nature. So yeah, it is gonna be a case by case. But in case you, in case you missed it, president Trump, he did sit down for, for his first Oval Office interview in his second term in a conversation with Sean Hannity that aired last night on Fox News. He says, many of the issues of the past four years wouldn't have happened had he still been in office. He slammed the Democratic party calling their policies horrible. Trump is hinting at changes, coming to FEMA saying the agency complicates things. It hasn't done its job over the past four years states. And he suggested that states should take care of their own problems and that FEMA should play a secondary role to states dealing with their own emergencies.


Now, Trump also believes that most people in California don't want sanctuary cities. And he claimed millions of gallons of water is available in Northern California and just needs to be diverted or pumped down to Southern California. But right now it's being diverted into the Pacific Ocean. Let's hear those comments from Trump's interview with Sean Hannity on Fox News last night. California's a great example of it. If you actually poll the people, they don't want sanctuary cities, but Gavin Newsom does, and these radical left politicians do. And you know, if you asked them why they couldn't even, I've watched Gavin Newsom try to answer that question. He was unable to even answer. He looked like an idiot. He was unable to answer.


I asked him one other question. Why is it that you don't want millions of gallons of water a day pouring throughout California? You know, the farmland in California is, they say the equivalent of Iowa great land, but it's got no water. Yeah. He also alluded or suggested that he would withhold any federal aid from California if they don't pretty much follow what he, you know, wants him, them to follow. But he's su he's suggesting that. We'll, we will see what Trump does because we can clearly see that this is going to be one of his first issues that he needs to deal with. So he will address The World Economic Forum remotely today, the annual event is being held in Davos, Switzerland.


It'll be his first major speech to global business and political leaders since Monday's inauguration. So here we are, day three, day four. Well, we're, well, yeah, day four, well under, well underway into a Trump presidency. So, you know, we should start to see some things come about. But now Morgan, let me, let me ask you a quick question before we go to the, to the next hour. I was gonna ask, I thought Trump said something like he wanted state by state, he didn't wanna do any more FEMA funding or federal funding. He wanted the states to handle their own funding with their own problems. Was that true? Is that a good thing or bad thing? I wasn't sure. I'm not sure that that's a good thing because what happens is, like if you look at a situation like Katrina, how can the state handle themselves? You know, you have to bring in outside federal funding.


Yeah. You have to bring in outside aid sometimes to get people back on their feet in cer certain situations. You know? So I I, I don't wanna say I understand. I get, you know, hey, I was just asking, he was like, it would just, he would just give the funding directly to the state opposed to go another thing. I didn't know if that was a good or bad thing. That's what I was asking. I don't think that's a good thing at all. Emini here. That's just my personal opinion. Gotcha, gotcha. You know, that's the whole point of having the Fed is to have your back, you know, when you, when the state can't cover it, I guess. But, you know. Gotcha. We'll See, you know, it really help. Hmm. If the rich paid their fair share of taxes, that would help too. Yeah. Well, well that's your front page news for 6:00 AM at 7:00 AM We'll talk about DEI. All right. Everybody else get it off your chest.


(800) 585-1051. Phone lines are wide open. +1 800-585-1051 is The Breakfast Club. Good morning. The Breakfast Club. Ray, Ray. Ray, yo, char, man. Envy. What up are we live? This Is your time to get it off your chest. I got an indoor pool, a outdoor Pool. We want to hear from you on The Breakfast Club. We can get on the phone right now here, tell you what it is. We live. Hello? Who's this? Hey, how you doing? This is Canon. Hey Canon. What's up? Get it off your chest. Canon. Yeah, man, look, I'm not really into politics. I'm not really into all this hoop I going on with the government, but what is crazy is Covid remember that jam?


It turns out they're not giving out vaccines anymore. They're not doing anything regarding that. Turns out it, it comes to light. That's a scam. And Biden, before he left office, he pardoned found you. You tell. So he can't even be brought up on any charges or anything. That is true. But why are you telling us this? Like, we don't know. I, this is news to me. Oh, I don't know. I they, they get it off his head. Oh yeah, yeah, yeah. He got, he he definitely got pardoned before he left the White House. Yeah. It is crazy that, that, you know, all those people that didn't wanna take the vaccine in certain states were fired. They lost their jobs, they lost their income. It, it is really crazy that now, you know, I, I think Trump signed something where at least he's given the military back pay and, and and, and allowing 'em to come back. But it is crazy that people lost a lot for not wanting to take a vaccine that wasn't tried and tested.


Yeah. And I don't know what Dr. Fauci is guilty of or not guilty of, but I do know preemptive pardons are not helping him beat any allegations. Okay. Right. Any allegations that the YouTube conspiracy theorists have made about Dr. Fauci giving a, giving him a preemptive pardon? Is not helping him beat the allegations at all. And I ain't gonna fuck, if I was Joe Biden, I'd be scared. Trump said yesterday, you pardoning Everybody around you. But yourself. But Yourself. That's right. You ain't parting yourself. That's right. I, I would be scared. That's Right. Well then he might see he's on his way out, but I don't know. Hello, who's this? It's London. Hey London. Good morning. Good morning. Good morning. Peace. London. What's The matter? London, why you So upset? Lemme tell y'all why I'm mad. Okay. Because I feel like the army get everything.


And us as police officers, we out here in the war zone too. We don't get no free college. We don't get no house with no house, no nothing. Mm. I agree with that. Like I, I, I'm out here risking my life. Just like the told, well Wait, where you from? We All help at Where you from? I'm from New York, but I'm in Connecticut now. Connecticut. All right. So the mil, so the military, of course they have ROTC and they have programs where they, you know, pay for your college if you serve in the military. But also usually police officers, they usually give you a discount, help you on your taxes if you live in certain areas. I know in New York City, if you live in the actual boroughs, I don't think they charge you as much taxes when it comes to state tax. So they do give you a little bit. I Agree with her though. You should, y'all should get free college or free healthcare.


Smidget. We should, yeah. Emini here. I'm out here fighting the war Too. Yeah, the, the NYPD, the NYPD budget is like $5.8 billion. Like They could afford something for us. I Agree. Agree with that. But thank you London. Thank you. Y'all have a good day. You pull me over, let me slide. Got you. Right. Where does all that money go for the New York Police Department budget? 5.8 billion. That's the most in the country. Like the, the second, I think the second is LA and they get like one point something billion. Remember they, the MYP had the dance team. They Sure nah, nah that but you know, they use it for drones that they, they use a lot of anti terrorists. They have a lot of officers on the street. I Remember they was mad. Didn't they have like what was the car? They had that nice car.


They was real mad at the NYPD for it. I don't know. I know that they used a lot of robots. I know that there is a lot of drone, a lot of antiterrorist stuff that they have. Especially when, when, when things happen in the city. I know that for a fact, but I don't know where all that money's going. But get it off your chest. It was a Porsche. I think it was a Porsche. NYPD got a Porsche. Yeah, I'm looking, I never Seen that ain. No reason for no goddamn police officer to have no PORs. Unless it was repossessed. They got for free, but then they could at least sold and kept the money. But I, I'm Gonna find you. I didn't see the PORs day. It went viral. People was pissed Off. I never seen no NY. It might have been ai. Yeah, get it off your chest. 805 8 5 1 0 5 1 hit us up right now. It's The Breakfast Club. Good morning. The Breakfast Club. This is your time to get it off your chest.


Whether you're mad or Blessed, I hate the way that you walk, the way that you talk. I hate the way that you dress. Everything with near is blessed. Call up next (800) 585-1051. Not just me, I'm with the coach of feeling. Hello. Who's this? Yo, this is Big O from Birmingham, Alabama. What's up Big O Get it off your chest. Big o Yo. How y'all doing this morning? I'm good man. Man, I just want say that I'm just kinda upset with the president. He passed all these legislations but he didn't get rid of that overtime tax. I'm, I work on power lines and it Emini here. We make a lot of overtime And I was expecting not to be paying taxes on that.


Also, Emini here, he just said that he is, is not gonna help California with fema. But we, I live in the south where we just had four states hit by a hurricane. So what is he gonna do when those states come into contact with another hurricane? Well, I think he's just upset with California because of Gavin Newsom. Because Gavin Newsom, you know, said he was gonna trump proof California. So I just think that's, that's, that's a little bit of pettiness right there. I don't know how he feels about the hurricanes in the south. Well they're gonna happen every year and they're getting worse. Yeah. So Emini here, him saying he is not gonna help California. That has to go across the border and if he gets rid of fema Emini here, it's gonna be a big problem because most southern states are welfare state anyway.


Yeah, I was wondering. I do wonder about that. You know, I wonder what the, what the other option is. 'cause you know, he said, he said FEMA is getting in the way and states should take care of their own. So if FEMA's getting in the way, then you know what's the other option? I don't think he has a solution to that. But that, that's all I had man. Y'all have a great morning. You too brother. Have a good one. Hello. Who's this? Good morning. This is Jaylen. Hey, what's up Jalen? Get it off your chest brother. Yes sir. Before I do that, good morning DJ mv. Yeah so my job had a, the I meeting like shut tire company before Trump came in and when I listen name I'm expecting to talk about progress of blacks, you know, women in the workforce.


But it was all about trying to Bro, why, why are you talking like you doing the quiet storm on somebody's radio station? The quiet storm. Like what's up bro, come on. I don't even know what you, what you saying last thing you said I'm sorry You wanna send this out to all the transgenders? No, no, no. He said you went to a DEI meeting at his job. Yeah, it wasn't what I expected. I thought they was talk about the black progress and a women in the workforce but it was all about like LGBQ transgenderism and, and their progress and wonder why they that with DEI And it made me think about what Dr. Umar said I think when he first came on your show, that the progress of blacks have kind of been hindered 'cause of the L-G-B-T-Q push. And I wonder what y'all thought about that.


I think Nancy Mason said the same thing. Like a lot of things common between and Democrats. But the fine print, I'm sure they keep pushing little things here and there. I'm, I'm window, I'm gonna be honest with you, I don't know nothing. You said transgender Nancy Mace, Dr. Uma DE I don't even D-A-D-E-I works. I don't even know what what are you, what is your question? What are you, what are you getting off your chest? Exactly. You're just upset about the meeting. Not about but like I guess Emini me at the one point that the progress of black themselves may have been hundred because of the push of the LGBTQ Mexican with Blacks. Right. Okay brother, well you getting off your chest, can you throw into the next record as a scissor record? Just say next up is Scissor. Next up is scissor there. And you said that record there, he said that record quiet throwing voice the whole time till the time to introduce a slow song.


Get It off Your chest. Shout out to all the lesbians out there who want a scissor. This record is for you. Scissor 805 8 5 1 0 5 1. If you need the vet hit us up. Now you remember about a week ago you were talking about there mad people that did the covid scams that got away in today's paper. Seven more people got arrested. I'll tell you they they still looking at, they still going at those people. Boy, I done told you somebody Had $44 million. I told you they still going. Where'd they arrest them at? Calm Down. Why this your Friends, you know, I'm just saying $44 million. You wouldn't have been able to find me. They probably was like somewhere just in Brooklyn chilling. It was seven people. The PPP loans have a 10 year statute of limitations. Every single one of y'all who got an illegal PPP loan for a large amount of money, y'all going to prison. It's only a matter of time they come In because I'm just feeling crazy.


Like dang, like all these people got all this money and I'm out here living righteous. Yeah, ball Out. 'cause you going to jail. I'm telling you right now it's only a matter of time. I'm really, They got about five more years to get 'em. Dang. Yeah but you know seven people just got arrested. I just wanted To let you know and they probably was at the hookah spot. That's where they grabbed him at. Let me, let me, let me look that up. How many people got arrested for PPP loan so far? Right? Alright well we got just with the mess coming up. What we talking about? We do. We gonna go back to ASAP Rocky 'cause his attorneys were upset yesterday. There's not enough black people and on the jewelry that they're trying to select. So we gonna get into it. All right, we'll get into that. Next is The Breakfast Club. Good morning. The Breakfast Club Morning everybody. It's DJ Envy, Jess, hilarious Charlamagne the guy. We are The Breakfast Club. Lauren Finland and for Jess.


And let's get to Justin Mess. Your music is real. Jessica Robin Moore just don't do no lying. Don't She Don't spare nobody Worldwide. Jess worldwide mess On The Breakfast Club. She's the coaches with Lauren. Lauren LaRosa And I got The mess. Talk to me. So ASAP Rocky day two, they are now trying to, yesterday was day two. Today will be day three today, January 23rd. They're now trying to find the jury that will, you know, be listening to his case. Yep. So the issue yesterday was that out of 106 people that reported for jury selection, only five of the people were black.


Now this was an issue that as said, Rocky's attorney Joe Ena took up with the court. He said that this is not proper. There should be more diverse representation, especially because of the area that they drew the jewelry from. He says that that area or that pool, there's a 9% black population. So for only five black people, four to five black people to show up or be selected, it's not diverse. And he's pushing back early on that the judge says, well look, there's no authority that requires any particular percentage of ethnicity on a jury. Right? So we hear you, but like, what are you leaning into here? So wait, when they say jury of your peers, what do they mean exactly? The I Can't supposed to be your neighborhood, the be people that's in the same neighborhood but also your same ethnic background, right?


Well, Yeah. So, and and And I never Looked into it. I don't know. Yeah, Reverend Al Al Sharpton actually spoke this as well too because he basically said people a said Rocky's friends and family have been in contact with him. He doesn't know all the particulars of the case. But he said the same thing that you said. Like he's supposed to be judged by his peers. Right. And, and it needs to be fair and that he's gonna keep his eye on this case and he's gonna keep calling out things that are not unfair because already it kind of seems like, like people are like, Hmm. It's just a little weird. It's just a little setup. Black people don't do jury duty. When was the last time you did Jury duty? I don just throw a generalization out there like that. That what last time jury Black people don't do jury Duty baby. I don't When's the last time you did? The Last time? They, I don't wanna talk about it on there. Okay, so, but I haven't done it in a while. I haven't been called in a while. But you know, the reason I'm not able to do it is because I have felonies.


So that's why I can't wait to get pardoned my damn self. But Red myself. Nope. Anybody else here? Yeah, but don't say black but red said he is never been called. Don't say he didn't Say he has a call. He Just say he doesn't. I don You said you haven't been called, right? I know Black people on all people who do it because they don't wanna go to work. I've before. See we, we, we don't, we, we usually don't do jury duty 'cause we don't want to go somewhere and they pay us $3 an hour. So, well You Dominican, stop speaking for black People. I am black sir, but I, I don't know, I know a lot of people that don't do jury duty. You Count from two sides of the coin shut. Okay, all right. I'm black, You know, 20 though. In this era they might call a jury of asaps peers. A DEI jury. You know what Emini here, you never know.


But I also did, when I saw this story yesterday, I said to myself, I know Reverend Al can multitask, but after the few few first days of the Trump administration and all the executive orders we saw Trump sign, I can think of several other things that Reverend Al should be focusing at attention on. But I think it was more so 'cause his, his ending line says, I'm monitoring this trial and challenging the, the LA district attorney to ensure that fair and rep that there's fair, fair trial representation. Fair. Right. I think this was just like a yo this is ASAP Rocky. I don know if y'all are familiar with him, but don't play with him in his courtroom because he does have allies out here. I think that that's all that tweet was. Yeah. Because it was just a simple tweet. But when ASAP arrived to the court, he arrived with his mom and his sister yesterday for day two. And the judge was on his mom's body. Okay. When asaps attorney stood up to introduce, 'cause he's like, who are the new people in the courtroom?


Asaps attorney is like, oh, this is Asaps mom and his sister and his attorney's like his mom and his Emini here. The judge is like his mom and the attorney's like, yeah, you can't tell who's the mom and who's the sister. And the judge said, you are beautiful. And that is on record. That's what he said. Yes. So Black judge, I don't, I didn't google the judge to see if he was left or Not. You could say you could do that on court. Like he like that. What does that have to do with The case? That question came up in reporting and someone after the court asked one of the reporters, they're like, can't that be looked at as like already unfair? And what was mentioned in the conversation was it's not because there was no jury in the actual room when he said it. Okay. So that's what is being said. But yeah, so basically another thing that came up as well too, the first day in yesterday they leaned into was the fact that now ASAP Rocky's defense is gonna be that the gun that he had was a prop gun or a starter gun.


For anybody that is not familiar with a a prop gun or starter gun is this is a small gun. It only can fire blanks. So basically it wouldn't have been able to shoot anybody or graz anybody the way that they are alleging that it happened. Now the prosecution is upset because they're like to asaps attorneys, yo, y'all never told us that this was gonna be your defense. This is last minute. We're supposed to know things 30 days in advance so that we can have a chance to prepare and respond to this. Why is this coming up now? And they're and Asaps team is like, no, we alluded to it, we said that because of who he is, because of home invasions, he does different things to secure himself. So there was a whole back and forth about that as well too. And asaps team said that they actually had witnesses who were gonna testify that that gun was just a prop gun.


Was there a Real bullet that they pulled outta somebody? So that's the thing, they haven't been able to find any shell when they went, when the investigators went, they didn't find any shell casings except


peace Of the planet. Charlemagne to God here. And I just want you to know, if you're not on Amazon Prime, you're seriously missing out. It's not just about the fast free delivery, although let's be real, that's a game changer. It especially was for me this holiday season. Prime is like your personal guide to everything you're into or want to get into. Whether it's binge watching the latest hit on Prime video, you know, listening to your favorite playlist on Amazon music or getting those last minute gifts, which same day free delivery prime's got you covered. And here's the kicker. Prime isn't just about getting you closer to your passions, it's about helping you discover new ones too. Got a hobby you're obsessed with Prime Fuels it. Trying something new Prime helps you dive deep into whatever's next. It's like me being passionate about mental health. You can order all kinds of books on mental health on Prime. My favorite is the Unapologetic Guide to Black Mental Health by Dr. Rita Walker. Prime gets you closer to what really matters, making all times of the year that much more special. Whether it's screaming your favorite movie or getting that perfect gift delivered the same day, prime makes everything easy and stress free. Whatever you're into, it's on Prime. Visit amazon.com/prime. Now.


American Public University understands the challenges of balancing education with a busy ever changing life. Whether you're part of a military family managing PCs, moves are a working professional, juggling career and family. A PU offers the flexibility you need to succeed. Deliver online APUS programs make it possible to learn wherever life takes you. And courses are offered in eight and 16 week formats with monthly start dates so you can begin when it's convenient and progress at a pace that's comfortable for you. A PU is committed to making education affordable for everyone. For active duty, military and their families, the preferred military rate is just 250 per credit hour. Veterans and their families can benefit from the veteran grant, which provides 10% off undergrad and master's levels tuition. And for everyone else, the Opportunity Grant offers the same 10% tuition savings, making higher education within reach for all. Visit apu.aps.edu/military to learn more American public University education that moves with you.


At&t has a new guarantee because most things in life are not guaranteed. Like actually getting the rental car you requested or your wedding turning out just like you dreamed it would. And someone making another pot of coffee in the break room after drinking the last drop of the last one. Yeah, don't get me started. Not guaranteed. In a world where nothing is guaranteed, at and t is bringing something new to the table. At and t is introducing a guarantee. With connectivity you depend on deals you want at service you deserve or they'll make it right. So if you wanna know more about the at t guarantee, head to att.com/guarantee. At t connecting changes everything, terms and conditions apply. Visit att.com/guarantee for details.


The World is constantly changing. It's up to you to decide how to respond. Choose to be bold to try something new. Choose to reinvent yourself. That's what Nissan did with the all new totally reimagined kicks. The dynamic new exterior styling immediately announces that Nissan isn't messing around the interior. A completely redesigned cabin with premium features like wireless Apple call play and a panoramic moonroof make driving a kicks immersive and exciting. And with new performance and safety features like intelligent all-wheel drive, the kicks is both fun and safer to drive than ever before. It is the dawning of a brand new era for the Nissan Kicks. Only one question remains. Is it a new era for you as well? Drive the all new reimagined Nissan Kicks today. Available features compatible device service and consumer activation of Nissan Connect Services. Package required use only when safe and legal subject to third party service availability for more information. See Nissan usa.com/connect/legal. Apple CarPlay is a trademark of AppleLink intelligent all-wheel drive cannot prevent collisions or provide enhanced traction in all conditions. Always monitor traffic and weather conditions.


Rally turned his shell casings, but I believe that they never found a gun as well too. So there's a whole back and forth about that as well. So they basically saying rally allegedly got shot and then picked up his own shell casing and then went to the Hospital. Well, Riley brought shell casings. He, him and his girlfriend went back to the scene to, to get shell casings and he actually did bring shell casings and turn 'em into investigators. But what asaps side is saying that, that he did have the prop gun. And, And I think they're having to say this because in the video I took a screenshot of the video. Remember you mentioned like there was like something kind of similar to a gun in the video you do see something in his hand. I think he's just trying to explain what that was. And they're saying it was a prop gun. Right? And he's saying that he only fired it in the air. N never directly pointed it at re because Reley began to follow him.


That's according to asap what's being alleged by him. I got a headache already. I wouldn't report the jury duty for this video. See, see, See, see now. Now you got a problem. Guess Case got, I don't wanna go to jury duty. I'm taking my day off. Nahm. Yeah, I'm gonna work today. All right, well yeah. Don't have time for one more. All right, well thank you for just with the mess. Know what's gonna happen now, right? What they gonna send all of us letters for jury duty? Can we do that? 'cause we people with the media, Yes. You gotta do jury duty. It don't matter. Yep. Until they ask that question. Has anybody in there ever been convicted of a felony? I've never been convicted of a felony. Well that's your fault. Okay. So any of your family members on law enforcement?


None of my family is law enforcement. Dang. I definitely got that. I pull out my gold card and everything. Do you Work? Anybody that's closer with a felon? That's right. Oh, I work with felons. I ain't been pardoning yet. Trying What? I know felons. I know a lot of them. All right, well that is just with the best. Now when we come back, we got front page news and then Bima Saint John will be joining us. You know her from Real Housewives of Beverly Hills movies, The Breakfast Club. Good morning, Wake up. Wake up. You're locked into The Breakfast Club. Morning everybody, it's DJ Envy. Jess, hilarious. Charlamagne the guy. We are The Breakfast Club. Jess is out sick. Lauren LaRosa holding it down. And let's get in some front page news. Good morning, Morgan. Good morning in the Lauren LaRosa and Charlemagne, the God Y'all all right?


Yes Ma'am. Yes. Peace Morgan. Good. All right. You guys know there's been a lot of mixed reaction around Trump's anti diversity, equity and inclusion executive order, right? Many say it's a direct attack on the Civil Rights Act of 1964, the landmark law in the United States that outlaws discrimination based on race, color, religion, sex, and national origin. So there was a caller, I believe that mentioned basically the black race. How is that DEI and also roping in L-G-B-T-Q-I-A, all of that ropes into diversity. Okay. So in a Black Information Network exclusive, I had the honor of attending a demanding diversity, DEI roundtable yesterday at the National Press Club here in Washington DC. And the conversation was the first of many steps in the response to President Trump's rollback of DE And I.


I spoke exclusively with National Urban League President and CEO Mark Morrell about how the executive order will impact specifically black people in the workforce. But I'm sure anybody could take away some advice from this. So let's hear from Mark Morrell. His executive orders, in my own opinion, are unlawful as an inappropriate and illegal exercise of presidential power because they seek, in effect, to overturn the Civil Rights Act, to overturn provisions of the constitution, which cannot be accomplished by executive action. You are now saying let's build a wall to keep black people, brown people, to keep Asians, indigenous Americans and many other Americans, women and others, from having a fair opportunity to work in the federal government to be promoted in the federal government to play in leadership roles all across American life.


So we must resist these executive orders. How, Any thoughts? How do you resist them? That's a great question. Like, like if it's, 'cause doesn't that make it law? Like how do you just resist That? Yeah. What did the resistance look like? It doesn't automatically, just because he issues an executive order does not automatically make it law. And you basically fight fire with fire, you fight it with law. You bring up lawsuits. So the National Council of Negro Women, Siobhan Arline Bradley, she spoke on the panel and she PR pro, she did provide some advice on what to do if you are impacted by these changes. And to your point, Lauren, how do you react? Let's hear from Shavan Arline Bradley.


We do not want to underestimate particularly the role of black women in this last election and previous elections, we were over 92% of an entire voting block. And what I'm telling people is you must connect your power to your civic engagement as well as your consumer engagement. Black communities are a primary base in this country, not only for the economy, but also to the intellectual prowess of this country. We have been so mired with false content that says there's no merit in our communities. Black women are the most qualified block of educated people in the United States of America. And black women stand is not only overqualified, but ready to activate at all tables.


Well, she basically went on to say that, you know, we should mobilize and we should use those efforts in mobilization to have these types of conversations and figure out what our starting point is. What do you guys think? Well, I I, in regards to the, the the DEI thing, you know, I, you know, I was just sitting here thinking, you know, you know why it was so easy for so many corporations to get rid of DEI? Because they wanted to, they never wanted to do it to begin with. Like corporate D, corporate DEI was always some BS because it was just PR after George Floyd. Like, you know, if you look at it, the number of black CEOs never increased the pledges these corporations made to black orgs they didn't deliver on it was always performative. And that's why they couldn't wait to shut down a lot of these DEI initiatives as, as soon as Trump, you know, got back in the White House.


And I just think that now is the time for, you know, us as a people to, to, to what she's kind of speaking to us as a people we gotta collectively come up with, with things that are for us, by us. Like you can't, you can't let a group of, you know, white people in corporate America determine, you know, what, what DEI or whatever it's gonna be in the future look like. So To your point, Reverend Al Sharpton is actually calling for a boycott of companies who reversed their DEI program. Sharpton added MLK rally in DC He said that King gave his life shed blood and died to open American America up to everyone regardless of race or sexual preference. Now, he said on the National Action Network plans to announce a boycott of at least two companies that have reversed DEI policies within 90 days.


Now, if that's something that we can all come to an agreement on, on what the actual two companies it are, do you think we will make an impact? I think we need to come to an agreement on what we want diversity, equity, and inclusion to be for us. I don I really don't think we can leave it in the hands of corporate America. It should have never been in the hands of corporate America to begin with. Like, But how we gonna do that when we are not, like our leadership numbers are off, we, our ownership numbers are off like we are always having to do. But they're, but they're making stuff, they're allegedly making stuff for us, right? In these companies. So we should be the ones to create it regardless of what our numbers are in this company. Like 10 white people in the room can't tell a company what's good for black people or what's good for women or what's good for they Can't, but they do because those 10 white people in the room are normally the executives.


And unless you're empowered in that room and you've been here for X amount of years, you're the one black person in the room. And what you gonna do? What you, I Agree with that, but it should Be the other way. Like you should be able, you know what, I Emini here, that's my point. We should demand that. Like those executive, the executives should say, Hey, how should this look? And we should be bringing it to them. Like they shouldn't be saying, okay, here's our DEI program. 'cause once again, that's why it's so easy for them just to take it away. 'cause they never wanted to do it to begin with. No, they didn't wanna do it in first place. It was all pr it was just all, I'm not gonna say every company didn't want pr. It was pr but most companie just did it for PR purposes. Well make sure y'all shop with the companies that stood on tent. You know what I'm saying? Let's switch gears and talk about, you know, these, these j Sixers, again, house speaker Mike Johnson. He says he believes in second chances. He made the comments defending President Trump's pardons of January 6th rioters that includes former proud boys leader Enrique Tario, David Dempsey, who attacked police officers with pepper spray and flagpoles and Julian Carter who pepper sprayed officers, including Brian Sick, who died the day after January 6th after the riot Now house.


Speaker Johnson says, we need to move forward. Let's hear more from Speaker Johnson. The president has the, the pardon and commutation authority. It's his decision. What was made clear all along is that peaceful protests and, and people who engage in that should never be punished. There was a weaponization of the Justice Department. There was a weaponization of the events. It was a, it was a terrible time and a terrible chapter in America's history. Yeah. So I would encourage everyone to go watch the sixth. It's on Amazon Prime. It's a documentary that follows January 6th, the United States Capitol attack through the perspective of people who were actually there. And it does feature like real live, this is not like reenactment type stuff. It features real footage from that day.


And yeah, it's on Amazon Prime. And so check it out. So just in case you don't know what happened on the sixth and what it looked like from the perspective of people who were inside the Capitol building, check out the sixth on Amazon Prime. I did see one of the people that he pardoned and got arrested again. I did that Too. Yeah, it's like a day after, which is crazy. Yeah. On separate gun charges. Yeah, something something else regarding, yeah, that's, yeah, they're being released out of the jail out here in DC and it's, it's been quite the show, so for sure. But yeah, that's your front page news y'all. For more news coverage, follow at Black Information Network. Download the free iHeartRadio app and visit us@bnews.com. I'm Morgan Wood. Thank you Morgan. All right. Now when we come back from the Real Housewives of Beverly Hills, she was a ex CEOA marketing officer at Netflix.


She worked at Uber, apple, she has her own brand, Eve Viba, the hair brand. And we're gonna talk to Boer Saint John when we come back. So don't go anywhere. It's The Breakfast Club. Good morning, The Breakfast Club. Morning everybody. It's DJ Envy. Jess, hilarious. Charlamagne the guy. We are The Breakfast Club. Lauren LaRosa. Fill it in for Jess. And we got a special guest in the building. We have Boer St. John, welcome back. How are you? Thank you. Thank you. I'm doing all right. To how feeling good to see you. Thank you. Nice To see you. I'm sending you positive energy. Ooh. And love and light. You know, you just saw that you lost your house in the la Wildfire. Yes. Right. In Malibu. In Malibu. And you said you found out on social media. Yes.


Found out on Twitter. A video. Yikes. Yeah, somebody just driving down PCH and I was like, oh, that's my intersection. Oh, there's no house. Dang. Wow. Yeah. Did you get a chance to go back to see what, whatever was there to rubble, if you could find Anything? No, I haven't. I haven't been able to be back yet. So it's like, you know, everybody's just waiting to see when we're allowed to go back and see what is left. Although, you know, there's nothing left. But I think there's still something about the grief process where you just need to see it. Right. Just to know yourself that it's totally gone. Did You lose pictures? Passports? Yes. All that. All like, so many things. What, when, when you evacuated, what were you able to grab, if Anything? Nothing. Well first of all, I wasn't even in the country. I was in Zambia. Yeah, your birthday, right?


Yes. Happy belated. Thank you Bel. Thank you so much. Belated 22. Yeah, thank you. That's a lie. But it was so scary and overwhelming because you know, all you know is that the fires are coming, you don't know which direction they're going in. And the evacuations happen so quickly that you know the people who are in their homes. Like really, you don't have time to think. I think we've all had that moment, right? Where you've been like, oh, you know, it's like, if, if there was something, like who would you save or what would you take? And you make those theories, but in reality it doesn't work like that. There's this panic and for me, since I was so far away, there was really nothing I could do. Wow.


And whos I gonna send to go get my stuff? I was gonna do that. You know, so you gotta let it burn. Did You see on online, which I thought was, was, was horrible and distasteful. People were saying, you know, when rich people or wealthy people were losing their cribs, good for them. They could get another one and all that, you know? And I'm thinking like, it doesn't matter if you are wealthy, if you're not you, you're losing things that care and mean the most to you. Yeah. So, so so how did you feel when you seeing that? Like now you just lost your, all your property, you lost all your things and then you see this online. Well, pisses Me off 'cause it's like who you think gave me the house? Right? You know, you, you think somebody just came here and gave me the house. You don't know that I worked for it. So what if you worked for it? You should just lose it and it should be all right. No, of course. I'm sad. I cry. I am mad, yo. It's like, yes, of course I'm in a better position because I will be able to replace things.


I will be able to rebuild. But who wants to do that? That's right. You know, we got enough going on. I don't wanna have to do that too. Like, can I get some peace? Just want some rest. And so it's like, it, it makes me upset when people say stuff Like that. You know, me and my wife were were talking the other day when we seen all, we were like, you know, what would we grab? Like we try, we tried to start setting things up in the house, right? And then she's like, well I gotta go get the photo albums, I gotta get the pictures, I need the memories. And then she was like, but damn, what about my, the kid's first outfit? You wanna be able to pass that on. And then you're think, what about this? How about the kids? Y'all got 13 of 'em, you, The two Of y'all, You How She dealing with all of this? Because she's, you know, she's young and explaining it to her. Yeah, she's 15. And I think it's Emini here. It's a tough time.


You know, it's already, you're already a teenager with all, all these emotions going on, you know. But she has friends who've also lost their houses, so at least she has some community that she can talk to about shared experience. But you know, how do you comfort a child who's like, well, what, what, what if fire comes again? You know? Then what? So it's just a tough thing. How Are you able to show up and do this though? 'cause Emini here, the show must go on, right? Yeah. You got your new beauty brand, Eve Baba, you promoting the reality show. Yeah. But then you got all of this heaviness on. I know. How are you able to even show up and just do what you're doing right now? Oh, Well, unfortunately I'm not unused to grief. Yeah. You know, it's like I've, I've faced a lot of it in my life and one thing I know for sure is that the sun's gonna come up the next day.


People are gonna keep moving and if you don't move with it, you'll get left behind. You know? And it's like, look, I think one of the things for me is that yes, I do wanna rebuild. Yes, I do want another house. Yes. I want more things in my life, and how am I gonna get it? Nobody's gonna give it to me. That's right. So I gotta get up and go do the work myself. And what made you do Real Housewives at Beverly Hills? Why did you jump into that? Craziest. That's Like the, I know that the thing, that's the first thing I said, dad. I was like, why? When I started announce me, I was like, I didn't think it was boredom. I just thought, I was like, well, maybe this is gonna like lean into her like future business class. I think She promote. So I know that She's so successful already. She's the girl for us girls. Why would she go over there with them people? Well, you know what's so funny? The idea of being on the show is actually really interesting to me because I do feel like there's no representation for not at all women like me or like us, you know, that it's like, look, the corporate girlies who are ambitious, who are smart, who are loyal and will defend their friends and all of that, they don't exist in this space.


No disrespect to anybody else, but they just don't. And so I'm like, well, I've already represented in so many different spaces, like, why not do it here and also work on a bigger platform and also do things that I wanna do in a different way. So why not? I guess we always look at you as an executive. Like, I wanna run down some of your resume. You are the global CMO of Netflix, CMO of Endeavor, C-E-O-C-B-O of Uber, head of Marketing of Apple Music, and iTunes, head of Music and entertainment marketing at PepsiCo. Am I missing anything? I'm missing a whole lot. I'm missing a whole Lot. God's favorite baby. What? What? What? So what would you say the key to all of that success has been? And do you prefer being behind the scenes or in front of the camera? Yeah. Oh, that's an interesting Emini here. I think the key to success always has been that I truly am myself.


You know, I, I think that a lot of people like to say that it's hard to do because when you're in these spaces, conformity is what wins. You know, you've gotta just be like everybody else. You gotta wear the gray suit like everybody else. But anybody who has seen my career or seen me walking around has known that like, I am a black girl, first and foremost. I represent exactly who I am. I don't try to pretend not to be. And so for me, it's like that has been my key to differentiation and what has made me successful. And so now moving out of that space, it's just another unexpected thing. You know? It's like, look, you read my resume And it, it sounds great because people are like, oh my gosh, you did that and that, that, but it's like, if you were there with me day to day and were advising me, you'd see that people never cheered me on.


Even when I made jumps. Like people never did. So when I left Apple to go to Uber, people were like, why would you do that? Like, why would you leave Apple? And at the time I went to Uber was like, the company was going down in flames. They were like, why would you do that? And I was like, yeah. Because first of all, y'all think that I'm getting these jobs as some sort of token. And so what I'm gonna show you is actually I'm the greatest marketer of life. And that a company that is on its knees, I'm going to help rebuild. And when I do that, you can't ask me another question. Mm. And then it's like, okay, I moved from Uber to Endeavor and then Endeavor to Netflix. And Netflix I joined right at the start of the pandemic. And people were like, oh, why would you do that? Like, it's such a big company. Like the spotlight is on it.


If you fail, you're gonna fail big. And I'm like, yeah, but if I can do that, then you again, you can't ask me whether or not it can do this. Right? Because now I've done it at four different companies who's gonna deny me? And then I was inducted into the Marketing Hall of Fame And I was like, yeah, okay. There I'm done. Retire. Thank you. Well, Real Housewives a franchise Jersey and the Rafter, It's shooting down. So I guess you're there to save the Real Housewives a franchise because that franchise seems like it was going down. Well, I think that it deserves a reinvention. Mm. You know, I think the relationships between women has been really shown poorly in ways that is are not helpful. I'm not saying that there's not conflict, there's always conflict. There's conflict in the boardroom. Okay. The fights I had in the boardroom were far scarier than any fight I've had on this damn show.


Do You know any of those women? Or, yeah. Were you friends with Them or? I knew one of them. Yeah. Lisa t Suton. Oh, Sutton. Because just socially Got you. You know, we know each other that way. I, We got more with Boer St. John, when we come back, you know her from The Real Housewives of Beverly Hills. So don't move. It's The Breakfast Club. Good morning. Morning everybody. It's DJ Envy, Jess. Hilarious. Charlemagne the guy. We are The Breakfast Club. We're still kicking it with Bima St. John, you know, former market of executive for Netflix, Uber, apple. And you know, she's on real Housewives of Beverly Hills right now. Charlemagne, you Know what comfortable feels like? Both Do I know what comfortable feels like. Yeah. Have you ever allowed yourself to get comfortable? I don't think in a workspace. No. Yeah, that's what Emini here in a workspace. Yeah. I haven't, no. Why not?


I don dunno, because there isn't one. You know, not because I haven't allowed myself to, but because that's just death. You know? It's like if you get too comfortable in the corporate spaces, somebody's gonna come get you, you know? And I don't think that there's any nirvana for black people, or especially black women in these spaces. And so I'm like, yeah, you always gotta watch your back. So I don't think I've ever been comfortable. No, I'm glad you said that too. 'cause I, I, I feel the same way. And I think that sometimes when you get too comfortable, you start to play it safe. And then that's when I think all of these industries start to die out. Yes. 'cause you've got people who are playing it safe. And my thing is, like you, they probably gonna fire you if you play it safe. Right. Hey, you might as well take the risk as do something innovative.


Yeah. Because if you get fired doing that, at least you feel good about yourself. Yeah. Well, Sean, I've always said that like, look, when I leave a space, I want you to know that I was there. Like, I will never leave a space. And you were just like, oh, was she even here at all? No, I gotta leave some sort of footprint. And so it's like, how am I gonna do that if not representing for who I am and my community and all of those things. Now look, I recognize the fact that it is a burden to be in these spaces and to be the one. And people, you know, when something happens to black people, they turn to you and, oh, so what, what do you think we should do? And yes, that is annoying, but at the same time it's like, yeah, well maybe that's why I am actually in this room to actually say the things that are hard to say and the things that they wouldn't know otherwise.


And so for me, the comfortability aspect has never really been part of what I have tried to achieve, because I know that that's not my destiny. That's not what I'm meant to do. So are You staying in the room to do that because people think you're leaving the show because of the post that you Put up on Instagram? I know. Are you leaving? No, I'm not leaving the show. Okay. That's about something else. But then my house burned down, so then I couldn't even talk about it. Oh. Oh, so you was gonna quit something else? You had an announcement coming. No, I was thinking about like life changes and things I needed to do. Not about the show at all. You got you. Yeah. We're proud of you as a community from what you've done, what you've accomplished. But you know, some people might not know the educational background and how you got there. So for people that's, that's in your field, that's admire you and and wanna say, damn, I want to even go a notch of what she did.


How did you do it? Right? What is the, the educational background, Right. Well, Emini here, I have my bachelor's degree. You know, I don't have a master's degree. I decided after my bachelor's that I wanted to jump right into work. I had the opportunity to go to Spike Lee's advertising agency, which is where I got my start. You know, I think the, the difference with how I did it is that I never thought that a job was too small, you know, for me to actually like, Say that again. 'cause people, I don't think they heard you in the back. And did you get paid at first? You didn't get paid at first? Did, oh God, I got paid. I don say loud in the back. Nothing. I'm sorry, go ahead. Nothing. But, you know, the jobs were never too small. Like, I brought my full self to every single job.


There was never a time where I was just like, you know what, when I get into that corner office, that's when I'm gonna do da, da da da da. No, I did that when I was an assistant. It was like, you can ask Spike today. And he will tell you that. Like, I crushed. In fact, like when I was getting inducted into the Hall of Fame, he did an interview and he said he knew then that he would work for me one day. Wow. And that happened when I was at Netflix. Wow. And he got an overall deal while I was the CMO, you know? And so for me it's like, look, there's never been a moment in my career where I felt like I can't wait for the next thing. I brought everything to the job I had. And so even now, as I sit here and doing this show and all that, I'm bringing everything, everything I have you, because I wanna be able to have the next opportunity and the next opportunity and the next opportunity.


Do you Consider yourself an Alpha woman? Absolutely. Yes. So with being an Alpha woman, how is that in relationships? Do you feel like you have hurt me and her Submit a little bit. Do you feel like you have to fall back a little bit? Pass that question to Lauren. Huh? Huh? You couldn't pass that question to Lauren, You know? No, no, because no, I'll tell you the truth. She successful? No, because you know, when it comes to the real house woman, you can relate. No. You know what? No. My wife watches the show. So she's, she's a fan and she, she loves who you are. So she's always asked like, damn, I wonder how is that in a relationship? Because she's very strong and she had that question. She also wanted to know, did she, did you feel like those friendships on Real Housewives of Beverly Hills are real friendships? So do you think it's both? But start with that. Okay. Start with the Alpha woman.


Okay. So here's the thing. I can't diminish who I am. It's not possible. So yes, I want the soft girl life and the whole thing, And I can have that too. But at the end of the day, this is who I am. You know, I walk into a room And I demand things. It is my energy and my aura. And so the need for a partner who is not threatened by that or not afraid of that is absolutely necessary. You know? So it's not necessarily about me dimming or getting quieter or being more subservient. It's that like, who's just gonna match my energy? You know? My mom says every pod has a lid, And I feel like now I found a lid. How did you know that? Keely? Because also too, not only is he coming and you're like already this super successful marketing hall of famer, but now he's having to be introduced on Real Housewives of Beverly Hills.


Right. And the girls got questions. Right. And this is after your late husband as well, right? Yeah. How did you usher him into all that? How did you know he was fit for that job? Right. Well, also I have to add that, like, I also respect him. Yeah. A great deal. You know, so that, that has to be at the bottom of it, you know, which is like, that's where we have to start. I have a tremendous amount of respect for him. And so the conversation, even telling him that like, Hey, look, I'm, I'm on the show, right? I would like you to be on the show, but let's talk about on whether or not you feel comfortable doing it. And when he said he did, then I was like, all right, look, you haven't been in the scrutiny like I have, so we're gonna have to talk about what that looks like for you. Right. You know? And so to me it's like, there's a responsibility that I have to him, you know, in being my partner on being on the show, and therefore making sure that he's also protected.


So perhaps that's even where the Alpha Woman shows up, is that like, I feel that, you know, I wanna be protected by him, but I also feel a responsibility to protect him as well. And as for the relationships on the show, look, I'm the first one to tell you that I really thought that these conversations were played up. You know, I thought it was production. Oh, you thought they were Black producers. Just make it up. Yeah. You know, people would be like, oh, she talked about you da da da da. I was shocked to find out that the relationships are really real. So people get upset about real things, you know? And you really don't know. It's just like life. Like, you don't know if somebody's talking about you behind your back. You do not know that. And so you're making assumptions based on the facts that are given to you.


So you might be really nice to somebody, but yet she was over here talking about whatever it is that she wanna talk about you and you didn't even know. And so you see it on screen later and people be like, oh, she should have known she was fake and this and that. You're just like, how would you know that you'd have to be psychic. You wouldn't know. And so I'm, I am continuously learning about the relationships between the women and myself. And then also how it appears on camera reunions are gonna be very interesting. That's all I know. Could you have a house husband? Like if it was just a guy who I don't think so. Wasn't as successful? No, I don't believe so. Okay. Yeah, I don't think so. I don't think so. Not because He is a nice guy. He look good, he putting it down, he cooks, he clean.


Yeah. Keeps everything you, I think it's, it's probably more about like mindset and ambition than anything else. You know? I'm just, I'm way too ambitious, I think, to have somebody who would not want to also be ambitious. Yeah. I also noticed on, on the show, they changed a lot on the show And I watched the show with my wife. That's our little, our little thing. But I, I noticed on the show when I, when I do watch it, I love seeing them women bow down to you a little bit. Like they tiptoe around you and you know, like you could tell that they look for your approval. Do you notice that? 'cause it's, it's a shift and it's a change. I do think it's a shift because I'm not like them. And so I think anytime somebody new or like a new situation presents itself, they're also gonna be a little careful, you know? 'cause you just don't know. You gotta test the water right now.


If I come back for second season, I think that would be a different situation. 'cause now they they know, they Know you. Right? Right. And they're like, oh, okay. So she's got her opinions. She can stand up for herself and they'll have a different way to interact with me. I'm sure that's gonna happen. How We got more with Bo and Must Saint John. It's The Breakfast Club. Good morning. Morning everybody. It's DJ Envy, Jess. Hilarious Charlamagne ne guy. We are The Breakfast Club Lauren Lars filling in for Jess. And we're still kicking it with Boser Mu St. John, you know, her from Real Housewives of Beverly Hills Charlamagne. How Did putting out your book, the Urgent Life, my story of Love, loss and Survival, how did that being vulnerable in that book prepare you to be vulnerable on reality tv? Oh, That's a great question.


It was so hard to write my memoir. I think what happens is that, you know, as I was saying with grief, you know, you just wanna get it behind you. You know, you just, you wanna feel better. You wanna feel quote unquote normal. And what happens is that we don't realize that the, you put away the sadness and the fear and the anger and all those things, but you also put away the happiness and the joy and all the good things that were a part of that because your brain doesn't know how to separate any of those things. And so, in writing the book, I had to go get all of that stuff back. You know, I had to be really honest about how I was feeling in a situation or what was my true feelings about the thing in order to write an honest book.


And I didn't feel like anyone would c would connect with it if I was just writing fiction. And that absolutely prepared me for this particular role because I don't have the need to hold back from my personal life. You know, so much of my life has been about my professional pursuits. And so in writing the book, I was able to talk about love. I was able to talk about, you know, things that made me cry and you know, things that hurt me. And so now it's like I can do that more comfortably because I've already done it by writing it. Mm. How does it feel with you and Elle, like you guys are like the, the two black women on the show. Yes. Right. And you already talked about like, feeling like you're there to say certain things that people can't say or whatever the case may be. Does it make you feel like a token, you don't give the energy that you would just be okay with that, but does it make you feel like that?


Do you ever have to be like to producers like, no, I'm not doing that. Not Happening. Oh, Yes, all the time. Well, the thing is that like I, I don't necessarily have to tell producers I'm, I'm not gonna do whatever it is that, 'cause they're not really orchestrating anything, you know? But I know that I'm not doing the thing that perhaps would be expected of me to do. Right. You know, it's like I often said that, you know, I wasn't going to come down into the mud. Do you feel the need to, like, do you and Elle, I don't know what your relationship is off camera. Yeah. What is that like? It's a good relationship. Yeah. Okay. Do you feel the need to defend her when certain things happen and she, like, I know she was going through stuff where like they were attacking like her, I think it was her son or her kids Or something. Right. Right, right. Right. Now, I've already said, I was at it publicly that like, if somebody had said something about my child, I don't know that we'd be, we'd be friends today.


You know, I was like, I, I don't know that I can get over that. And I have yet to talk to Gar about how she got over that, you know, just because I, I just felt that like, it just crossed such a line and perhaps she is, you know, more evolved than I am. Maybe She hasn't gotten over it. She's waiting on her shot. May Oh, maybe, maybe she's waiting on her shot. I don dunno. That's a good point. Yeah. But I do think that, you know, for her And I, I hope that what people are seeing is that there, it's a possibility to be more than one type of black woman. Mm. Yes. You know, that like ourselves is an accomplished actress who has her own life and her own challenges and issues and the conflicts that she's had with the women don't necessarily have to be my conflicts because I don't, I don't have those conflicts with them.


You don't. I have. I probably have my own. And so why is it that we can only have one? Like I really hate the comments when people are like, oh, okay, Bose is here now Garl can go. And I'm like, why? Why can't one of white girls go, yeah, you're right. Like, why has it gotta be her? Why are we, why are we pitting she And I against each other? Right. You know? So I'm like, no, there, there can be more of us in these spaces without having to be, oh, there's only one type and that's it. You had talked about you're using a platform for stuff like being able to talk about like fibroids and Yes. Being Removed. And I thought it was interesting because you mentioned that you weren't in like a dire situation where it's like you're in pain and you had to, you're just planning because you wanna have another kit potentially, right? Yeah. How you feeling like today?


Yeah, I feel really good today. I'm just glad that I was able to talk about that publicly because, you know, I don't know why it is that when we talk about reproductive health, especially for black women, it's like this point of shame. Yeah. You know, it's like, I don't know how many people sent me messages commented on the posts, like friends who were texting me and being like, girl, I went through that last year. I'm like, how, why did I not know that? You know, it's like there's some strange shame that's associated with it as if like, we're not good enough or that we're not whole women because you have fibroids and you've gotta get that removed in order to reproduce at all. Right. And so I, I'm just like, wait, but no, this is a health issue, you know?


And it's like if we take care of that and we take care of ourselves, we will be in a better, in better shape. And I don't know that there's any benefit to hiding any of that. I think you also brought up a good conversation too, because one of the things you said was like, I'm not getting any younger, so I wanna make these plans now. Yeah, that's right. Have you been having conversations with those same people about, you know, just you're not getting younger, but you do wanna have another kid right now? Yeah. And what that looks like for you and how you're planning for that? Yeah. Emini here, Keely And I of course talked about it, you know, my daughter And I talked about it because, well, they're the two people who be impacted, right? I don't really care about anybody else's opinions, but for me it was really important to talk about the risks because I did not have easy pregnancies in the past. And so I wanted to make sure that I am in the healthiest place that I can be.


And again, thank God that I'm in a position to have insurance and you know, the access to healthcare and we know what black maternal health looks like. It is dire, you know, it's like we're dying at a rate faster than everybody. So for me it's like, look, I wanted to be able to use this show to talk about health, to talk about my reproductive health. And then also I do think that there's a conversation to be had for the corporate girls who've waited a long time to have have their babies. Actually, you Get babies is 15 years Old, right? Yeah, exactly. Yes. And You would start all over again right now. Yep. I would. And I think that there's a lot of women who are doing that. You know, it's like, I, like I look at a majority of my friends who are in their mid forties and a lot of them don't have children yet.


Some of them haven't gotten married yet either because they were focused on their careers and didn't, you know, make that commitment or they didn't find partners who could manage their alphas or whatever the reason is, but who want families. And so I'm like, again, there is no shame in that. It's like, you can say it out loud that I want a baby or I want a family and then take the steps to get it. I just think we should remove the shame from it. So yeah, I'm gonna be an old ass mom, but I'm gonna do it. I was gonna ask you mention marriage. Yes. And I, and I know that, you know, you've been married before, now you and Keely are together. It seems like I saw y'all pictures. You are away. Is that gonna be, is that a conversation for y'all Right now?


Yes, it is a conversation. Well, because I, I want to have a, a family in a nuclear unit. Got you. So I wanna be married and then have babies. So we gonna see an engagement on the show. Look To girl, you talk to him, where's he at? It's my last few question. That's been great. Thank you so much. Well we Appreciate you for joining us so much. Eve my boss. Oh yes, yes, yes. Well, so yes, like it or not, my hair has always been a topic of conversation in my corporate career. Emini here. It's like when I did the Apple keynote, I was a first black person to present, you know, technology on that stage. And half of the tweets that night were about my hair. And I have always been an advocate of being able to use the laws and you know, the rules that have been written, whether it's the Crown Act or any piece Of the planet


Charlamagne, tha God here. And I just want you to know, if you're not on Amazon Prime, you're seriously missing out. It's not just about the fast free delivery, although let's be real, that's a game changer. It especially was for me this holiday season. Prime is like your personal guide to everything you're into or want to get into. Whether it's binge watching the latest hit on Prime video, you know, listening to your favorite playlist on Amazon music or getting those last minute gifts, which same day, free delivery prime's got you covered. And here's the kicker. Prime isn't just about getting you closer to your passions, it's about helping you discover new ones too. Got a hobby you're obsessed with Prime Fuels it. Trying something new Prime helps you dive deep into whatever's next. It's like me being passionate about mental health. You can order all kinds of books on mental health on Prime. My favorite is the Unapologetic Guide to Black Mental Health by Dr. Rita Walker. Prime gets you closer to what really matters, making all times of the year that much more special. Whether it's screaming your favorite movie or getting that perfect gift delivered the same day, prime makes everything easy and stress free. Whatever you're into, it's on Prime. Visit amazon.com/prime. Now.


American Public University understands the challenges of balancing education with a busy ever changing life. Whether you're part of a military family managing PCS moves or a working professional juggling career and family, A PU offers the flexibility you need to succeed. Deliver online APUS programs make it possible to learn wherever life takes you. And courses are offered in eight and 16 week formats with monthly start dates so you can begin when it's convenient and progress at a pace that's comfortable for you. A PU is committed to making education affordable for everyone. For active duty, military and their families, the preferred military rate is just 250 per credit hour. Veterans and their families can benefit from the Veteran grant, which provides 10% off undergrad and master's levels tuition. And for everyone else, the Opportunity Grant offers the same 10% tuition savings, making higher education within reach for all. Visit ap.aps.edu/military to learn more American public University education that moves with you.


The World is constantly changing. It's up to you to decide how to respond. Choose to be bold to try something new. Choose to reinvent yourself. That's what Nissan did with the all new totally reimagined kicks. The dynamic new exterior styling immediately announces that Nissan isn't messing around the interior. A completely redesigned cabin with premium features like wireless Apple call play and a panoramic moonroof make driving a kicks immersive and exciting. And with new performance and safety features like Intelligent All-Wheel Drive, the kicks is both fun and safer to drive than ever before. It is the dawning of a brand new era for the Nissan Kicks. Only one question remains. Is it a new era for you as well? Drive the all new Reimagined Nissan Kicks today. Available features compatible device service and consumer activation of Nissan Connect Services. Package required use only when safe and legal subject to third party service availability. For more information, see Nissan usa.com/connect/legal. Apple CarPlay is a trademark of AppleLink Intelligent all-wheel drive. Cannot prevent collisions or provide enhanced traction in all conditions. Always monitor traffic and weather conditions.


Hey fam, this is Carlos Miller from the 85 South Show. If you're like me, you are always thinking about how to level up your career. Maybe you're fresh outta college, just starting in your field or even looking to switch things up and find your true calling. Whatever stage you're in, remember that this is your time to grow, to learn, and to build something that lasts. State Farm understands that early career development is key to long-term success. They've been a steady presence in our community and they know having the right support early can make all the difference. State Farm is there to help you make smart moves and to help you get the coverage you need. We all know that the journey to success is a marathon, not a sprint. It's all about staying focused, staying grounded, and making sure you're protected every step of the way. Let's build our careers with confidence knowing that State Farm is there to support us just like they've always been because like a good neighbor State Farm is there. Find out more at State Farm dot


com. Anything else which allows for you to be fired or like, you know, suspended from school if your hair isn't straight or whatever. Like those rules still exist on the books and figure out like, well how can I celebrate that? How can I, you know, encourage us? How can I make sure that like, yeah, if I wanna wear my hair any kind of way I want, let me do it the way I wanna do it. And when I looked at the hair extension industry, 80% of the consumer base is black women or women of color. Yet we don't have any ownership in manufacturing and distribution and innovation. So I'm like, why is a lace white? Like I could see your lace. Yes, because it's white. You know what Emini here. So why? And look, you could go on YouTube or Google it and you'll find 14 million videos of black women kitchen chemists who are out here telling you how to lay your lace and make the color like you.


And I'm just like, why is that? So I went to China by myself and to the biggest hair show in The World and just walked around and asked questions. And then when I realized that like, oh wait, hold on, this is actually an industry that's making a lot of money but we're not anywhere in the seats. I was like, well I'm gonna do it myself. I'm gonna get in there. So I built a factory in Ghana, I started manufacturing and then now I'm selling it to The World. Wow. So how did they buy some me Eve? Www.ebybose.com. E by bose.com. You have it? Yeah. Amazing. Yeah. O and the St. John ladies. Gentlemen, thank you so much. Thank You for having me. Appreciate it. The Breakfast Club. Good morning. Morning. Everybody's EJNV. Just hilarious. Charlamagne the guy. We are The Breakfast Club. Let's get to just with the Mess with Lauren LaRosa News is real Hilarious.


Jessica Robin Moore Just don't do no lying. She don't spare nobody Bro. Just worldwide mess on The Breakfast Club. She's the coaches with Lauren. Lauren Osa. I'm back And I got the mess. Talk to me. Alrighty y'all. So a little bow. Wow in Lavon Bell had been going back and forth. They're trying to figure out who's the biggest out of Columbus, Ohio. Right. Where did This conversation Come from? So, all right, little back, little backtracking, right? Niggas Be bored, Lord Mercy. Don't do. Why? Why? They gotta be bored. 'cause it's bow. Wow. No, that's just who care.


La Labon Bell and Bow. Wow. Going back and forth about who's the biggest from where they're Not even the same industry. Exactly. Now. Okay, now look. So basically Bow Wow was at the Ohio State versus Notre Dame game Monday night. And when he was there he was just, you know, you, you there, your team is doing good, he's excited. Let's take a listen. I'm the biggest that ever come from Columbus. I probably gonna be the biggest to ever come outta Columbus. And yo, it's time for your like bullshit bickering on that. Let's bridge the gap and bring this together and get this cracking how it's supposed to be. Come on bro. They like half a million dollars for a mother sweep for the city. I don't see no, ain't no Columbus that got that type of money to even host a vent on a national stakes.


Like, yo, like we not doing this. Columbus will ever forever be my city and my town And I see do 10 million or 14 million out the city, then you bigger than me until you, if you don't do that, shut up. Don't talk to me bro. Big bow. Wow. Not the little one. Okay. He was excited. His team was winning. He said he did a million for the sweet, you know what I'm saying? He told everybody, come back to my restaurant after you from Ohio. Even if you not from Ohio, come back. Everything is on Meles. Wexner and Denise York are sitting back like, who are these two Negroes? Okay, you know who Les Wexner and Denise York are? No, go look on the forms list. Two billionaires from Columbus, Ohio.


Okay, Les is worth 7.9. Denise is worth 5.8. Well listen, they would like to enter the chat since y'all wanna have conversations. Levion Ball, don't wanna talk the biggest Columbus, Ohio, Levion Bell. Don't wanna talk to them. He wanna talk to Bow. Wow. 'cause he got online yesterday and he responded to Bow Wow. And this is what he had to say. Bow wow. You say you have all this money and what did you do with it bro? What did you do with it? Because you definitely ain't helping. You definitely ain't help the city with it. You ain't open up a restaurant, no recreation center, you ain't helping the kids. Like what did you actually do in the city, bro? For you to say hey, yeah, I'm the, I'm the king of the city. Like nobody as big as me in the city. What did you do? You ain't do no features with nobody from Columbus and you was a big artist at one point.


You was damn near one of the biggest artists when you're a little kid bro. And you ain't do no features with no no Columbus artists bro. Bro, I didn't have football camps every year when I was in the league, bro. I had put a million dollar worth of turf in a whole stadium in Columbus, Ohio, bro. In Crowford the school I went to, bro. A whole million dollar stadium bro. What have you done Now Leave you on Bill. I like that talk. I can't say that. I can't say that. What have you done for the community? I'm not saying bow. Wow, hazard. I'm just saying you don't know. But if you going talk money, don't talk about you know what your cause and what you, you know buy, you know, superficially. What are you actually doing for the community with that money now? I like that kind of talk. We need to have more of that type of flex. Well it did get to there and we gonna get to that. So then Levion went off about basically Bow Wow.


Not even being bigger than him. Not being from a height. Jesus. Take a listen to that. No, You're from Atlanta. You've been repping Atlanta literally since I've been hearing your music. I literally didn't even know you were from Columbus. Now look, it's crazy. Ohio State win a national championship bro. Everybody want to try to jump on board. Abraham, I'm from the city. No you're not. Let's say Columbus. A Columbus. Let's Just say for the time being for the ticket argument, Columbus will accept this guy by, do you think you're bigger than me bro? Because you need a reality check. Real shit. Yeah. You had a nice little rap career but obviously that's up in air. Gone on rap career done. We know that. I'm probably a big rapper than you right now. Why people would be playing with ba rap. It's like the minute you try come from Bao, y'all got played with his music and his rap career.


He had a big career. He didn't have a little career. No bow was a big deal. That's no. Yeah. And And can we please my rap wise? Yeah, also too, I feel like if you didn't know that Bao was from Ohio 'cause he said it in almost every song at one point. That's your fault, not his. Let's take a listen. I understand why he said that because a lot of people thought Bow Wow was from Atlanta. Even though if you follow Bow he does say Columbus. But bro, he also reps Atlanta too. Nobody Bow Raps. Atlanta too Was from, he does rep Atlanta because it's so, so dead. But who thought Bao was from? Not from Ohio. He always said he was from Ohio. No, always thought Bao was from Columbus, Ohio. Yeah, He always said Columbus. But he wrecked Atlanta too though. Yeah, But I feel like people just love to play with him and they and they know what to trigger him too. It's always a little rap career. You not from here. This is the first time though I think I've ever heard somebody tell Bow he's not from Ohio Bow Wow rep both.


'cause he was on growing up Atlanta, like Bow Wow is known for Columbus and he's known from Atlanta. I don't like it when people, if y'all can't tell I'm about And I Stupid this stupid conversation. It led to a great conversation though because Bow Wow and Levion Bell both posted a screenshot of them on FaceTime and it sparked conversation between the two. The caption of the, of the face of the screenshot says had a great talk. It's amazing what a little communication can do. Big plans in the future to bring to the city together. See that's what I like. Nothing but respect. Yeah, That's what I like. You know what Emini here, that's why I like the conversation Avon Bell was having. Like what are you doing for the community? What have you done? That's what I like to hear. You know some, so Simone Biles is from Columbus, Ohio. I didn't know that Lotto Was born in Columbus, Ohio From Columbus.


Yep. Labon and Bow. None of y'all think Simone. Let's start like, like okay. I know I said Les Wexner and Denise York. That's the true money wise. But ain't none of y'all biggest Simone BM Just want y'all to know that. Okay. No, Who knew that? Oh, I didn't know that. I didn't know that either. You sure about that? Oh yeah. Look It up. Look up what a website is that you don't Even know where you from. So I should ask you, you, you won't claim Dominican for nothing. I am Black. I was, if He said black people don't do jury duty Queens Queen. We said well you could be either or. So you gonna go twice? Yeah, look at that. Where she from? Where is Simone Biles from? Morning Columbus, Ohio. Thank you. Yep. How long she lived there? Oh, here You go with all that. That's a good point. She's a good question. Nah, 'cause you know I don't know the answer to that question. Oh, oh no. Yeah, I don't know.


Mm, I don't know. Didn't know she was from there but shout out to Columbus, Ohio. Shout To Columbus. Oh, Simone grew up in Texas though. Oh She was born, she Was three. Nah, I think it's a rule. If You didn't do like middle school, high school, I don't know if you really count as a from somewhere. Going back to my original point that Wener York are the biggest original point is Columbus, Ohio Don't play with Bow. Wow. Okay, don't do that. Don't nobody play with Big Bow. They shout the bow Weezy. Okay, we respect, we respect bow number, respect the bow. We do Period. We do. Alright, you got something else you done? I'm done Old enough to remember watching Bow Wow on Arsenio Hall in real time. You old? Yes. More six more than 1,978 I remember Ba wow on Arten Hall with Snoop Dogg in real time that you know I respect Was before he did the social death deal, right?


Yes. Yeah. Ba wow on B 2K were my first music concert in Delaware. I won the tickets on the radio And I, when I went there I cried. I was, I loved that was the Millennium tour. Yes. I loved them so much. That Was called the Millennium Tour. Back was, I think it was a scream, scream tour. It was something. But we had the airbrush shirts. I went with my cousins, I cried. It was a whole thing. But just for the record, stop arguing though about hoods that you know you don't own no property in. Stop arguing about hoods that you don't invest no money in. How you know they Don don't own no property or nothing like that. I'm not saying they don't. Yes, that's the facts. Alright, well Charla man we giving that down too. Four after the hour, we need somebody to come to the front of the congregation. His name is Nicholas Sabo and not just him, his wife.


Because ladies, y'all can learn something from this donkey today. And that's something is if you going to order something off goddamn Uber Eats or Instacart, you need to let the whole house know before somebody gets shot we'll discuss. I'm with you Mr. Breakfast Club. Good morning, You are chicken out The Breakfast Club. Charlamagne Some donkey days just sold Themselves. Never been watching Charlamagne. I was ready Forkey Donkey. I never heard old Donkey other day. What is it? Donkey. Say it again. Charlamagne. I'm a donkey. Yes donkey. You are a donkey. Everything that Charlamagne is saying is true.


Yes, donkey today for Thursday, January 23rd goes to a 43-year-old man named Nicholas Sabo. But his wife has to share some of this Hee-haw with him too because his wife put him in a position that many men get put in. And I'll explain after I tell you what happened. See, Nicholas was arrested on a charge of recklessly endangering another person because he shot somebody on his property. Now you know I'm two a all day, okay? Two a all day. I believe a black man owning a legal firearm in this country is a form of self care. Okay? I think that every family should own at least two firearms then everyone in the house, man, woman, and child who is old enough should know how to shoot. Take your family to the range because hey, you never know.


So with that said, why is Nicholas and his wife getting the big as he hawk? Because Nicholas shot someone on his property. Well let's go to W-N-E-P-A-B-C 16 for the report please. A Man faces his charges after allegedly shooting a delivery driver in Lackawanna County. Police say Nicholas Sabo shot at a man delivering groceries to his home in Newton Township on Saturday. Investigators say the driver was at the correct address and sa Bo's wife placed the order, the driver was taken to the hospital is is expected to be okay. Sabo is charged with reckless endangerment. Only in America can delivering a bag of kale turn into an action movie standoff. Okay, drop the Tropicana orange juice or else Listen to me ladies, this is the wife's fault.


When you order from Uber Eats, DoorDash, Instacart, whatever it is, always tell your husband, okay my brothers, I don't know how y'all anxiety is set up, but I got everything at my house. Door, birds, security cameras, all types of very sensitive alarm systems. I got the whole property under surveillance and it's bad enough ladies that you all use Amazon every damn day between Amazon, FedEx, UPS, there is always some stranger on the property. But the difference between them, they usually be in a truck. So you know what it is When you ordering food and groceries, they come in nondescript cars. You looking at the camera like, who is that? How many times have you turned to your wife and kids said, turn to your wife and kids and said, did y'all order something All the time. All the damn time. Okay. And until you hit 'em say yes, then you just gotta assume the ox is on your property.


Okay? That's what I can understand what Nicholas say. Savo was thinking, ladies, kids, when you order food on any of these apps or groceries, you know, please tell the man in the house, okay? But this is where the wife really gets the brunt of this. He hard a wife is the one who ordered the groceries, but the wife is also the one who received the alert from the home security camera. That movement had been detected near the garage and she thought someone was trying to break into a utility trailer on their property. Now listen, I'm glad that Nicholas has a partner that's just as paranoid as him, but come on miss lady, you can't forget that you ordered Instacart at a time like this, right? Okay. Do you not understand Everyone is on edge and everyone at this moment is preset to wish a mother ever would.


Okay? Everybody is in wish, a mother eff wood mode, okay? We are in a constant state of fight, flight or fire in these United States of anxiety. And Nicholas chose the fire because you gotta understand when the alarm goes off and then someone in your house, especially your wife says she thinks someone is trying to break into something. When you go to grab your pistol and go outside, you already thinking it's showtime. Okay? You not there to negotiate with this supposed intruder because you already believe they up to no good and you don't know what their intentions are. Yes, you can be so paranoid, your anxiety can get the best of you so much that you can turn two day shipping into a two minute shooting.


Alright? Poor Instacart driver just came over to deliver packages and almost ended up a pack. All because he was trying to figure out if the eggs go on the porch or the front steps. There was no verbal confrontation or nothing, just fire shot him in the lake. Okay? The wife ordered the groceries, the husband ordered the chaos all because it was poor communication on the delivery instructions. You have to read the fine print when you're ordering things, okay? You can give people special instructions on where to take and leave things. Paul Guy is trying to make an honest living delivering Instacart and get shot, right? He ran back to his vehicle where his wife and child was waiting for him. He drove off and called 9 1 1.


That man could have been murdered. He could have woke up dead somewhere today simply because of miscommunication. And Nicholas has been charged with recklessly endangering another person and he could face more charges. All because his wife simply forgot. Maybe we need security alerts that remind us like movement detected danger or just dinner. What do you even say to your husband after this? Please give Nicholas Sabo and his wife the sweet sounds of the Hamiltons. Oh, the day you the doggy the day.


If you thought the price of groceries was high, wait till you see that bell and wait till you see how much it cost to pay for a lawyer. All because your wife simply didn't tell you that she ordered groceries. It's Messed up, but I understand. I'm glad the guy is okay though. It's it's the guy got shot. It's messed, it's messed up, but it's understand messed up. But that's, that's the first process at, at my house is when I hear something I hit everybody. Did y'all order food? They Should tell you, Did y'all order Uber eats day all day. And then when they say no, then I can know I can get an action number. Like who you, who is your Uber Eats here? Okay, that's your guy. Like Yeah, 'cause I'm, I'm nervous I'm, if nobody Had got hurt though, that one liner that you said it would've been good. You said the wife ordered the groceries, the husband ordered the chaos. If nobody got hurt, that would've been like a, that was Cute.


No, the chaos is somebody that got hurt. That's why I, I know, but I'm saying if nobody got hurt it just would've been cute. It's like, I think it was cute. Regardless, he didn't die. Okay. Little Leg shot. Something about the my man nevermind. Oh That turns you on. I Was like, ooh, you like I wrote that down. Im like, get Your gun. Ooh, He got a gun girl. No. Oh my god. Ooh, he just shot the Instacart driver. He's So sick. Because like you said, they becoming into non-descriptive cars. All dog tints. That's right. Nah, that's right. Alright, well thank you for that donkey day. I don dunno what the husband was thinking though when he went outside and he just saw this person with a handful of groceries, he still gotta shoot, right? Because Yeah, but that's nothing. He had groceries. Like What do you, but you never know because people be pulling up with deliveries and then pushed their way into your house. Y'all never heard them scream. And that probably looks strange if your wife is like, yo, I think somebody trying to break a new utility trailer and you go outside and he's standing there with avocados in spring water and you like, oh my god, what the hell?


Avocados in spring water. I'm just saying Mountain valley Maybe. I'm glad he is okay though. Now if he had a egg plan you wouldn't have shot, right? Ooh, You just nasty. Right? If you'd had a egg plan, he'd asked him for a bite, wouldn't you? Thank you for the dog. Get day Sta at silence. Y'all be, If you saw him with an egg plant, you going let, man, can I, can I have it? I'll eat it raw. What? You wouldn't even chop it up or nothing When we come back. Bar will be Jordan, that's the mayor is the best eater. Definitely the, He's the best eater. Best. Watch your mouth Ro Baraka. When we come back, he's running for governor of New Jersey. Call Somebody a eggplant eater is nasty. Okay.


My best eggplant eater right there. Company, The Breakfast Club. Morning everybody. It's DJ Envy. Jess. Hilarious. Charlamagne the guy. We are The Breakfast Club. Long LaRosa filling in for Jess. We got a special guest in the building. Governor Baraka. Hey, let's call, call let's work. He's running for governor. Ladies and gentlemen, RAs Barak. Welcome brother. Thank you. Thank you. Glad to be here. So you, you gonna put your hat in this race and what, what makes you want to run for governor? I, I already did. I think it's time, man. Emini here. We have a very short window. I don't think we get an opportunity to do this anymore. There's a crowded feel. It's an opportunity for African American kid from the city of Newark to make New Jersey live up to its democratic values, to build a broad based coalition to really respond to the issues we deal with in the city every day.


That I think are statewide issues, issues of housing, unemployment, safety, the affordability of the state being too expensive for most folks in New Jersey. We deal with those things. Every problem in New Jersey got, we got it twice in Newark, but whatever we grappling with the state is doing it. And if we are mitigating those problems in Newark, we can certainly do it in the state. And if the state is better, Newark is better. So What are some things you'll be able to do as governor that you aren't right now capable of doing this meth Help build more affordable housing across the state of New Jersey, which makes it easier for folks like folks in Newark who are trying to get in housing. So we, we started 20% affordability in all development in, in the city. The state followed suit and did the same thing. So now, and it's not a hundred people on the waiting list, it's 5,000 people on the wait list because New Jersey is in it.


And now they, we can't discriminate against where you come from across the state, which means we need more affordable housing in a state. We need workforce housing. We can do that, right? We can help reduce the violence not just in Newark, but also Camden and Trenton, right? And Jersey City and places like that to begin to create an environment in the city or in a state that is conducive to business, conducive to growth, helping families grow and be safe. We can do that. We can bring more business to the state of New Jersey. We've brought 'em to Newark so we can bring 'em to the state. You know, I think we uniquely qualified most of these other folks that are running have never done, have no receipts of done doing anything. That's right. Except for being in the Democratic party to them Emini here, that that gives 'em the privilege. The party picks them and puts them in front of people and say, this is who you're supposed to vote for.


I'm tired of that. You know, we gotta mix it up. Yeah, I I I love Newark man. And you know, you've done some amazing things in Newark. Man. Baraka, one thing I wanna talk about is Newark, they, they experienced a 60% decrease in violent crime. Right? And, and a and a lot of times, you know? Right. They say that in cities, but you don't see it right. In Newark compared to where Newark was, you know, a decade ago. You can see yeah. That Newark is, you know, is, is a lot safer than it was. Not saying it's perfect, but it's, it's a lot safer than it was. How did you do that? Well, We created a, a, a ecosystem Office of Violence prevention, trauma recovery, brick City Peace Collective. In that, in essence, we brought in community based organizations to partner with the police, with the police started doing really int intelligence based policing.


But we brought Rutgers on to kind of identify what crime was happening at, where violence was happening at, for example, they told us all of bodegas in the city where violence happened in a hundred feet up and gave us a, some data point that said if we turn the lights on in this area, it would reduce violent crime by 34% if we put lights on in this area. So we did those things, right? We put community people in those communities to deal with high risk intervention, deal with folks that were trying to retaliate, kids that are getting outta jail, meeting them immediately. Like, yo, this, we need you to get involved in this and do this. Giving 'em an opportunity. And we have a, I wanna thank like new direction, you know, one hood, organizations like that, that work with us in the city that do very, very dangerous work in these communities trying to reduce the temperature, like they say, reduce the temperature.


I was gonna ask congestion pricing. What, what's your, your your, your take on congestion pricing. Does it help, does it hurt? How does it affect, especially New Jersey, A bunch of rich bureaucrats fighting with each other about things that working people ha have no knowledge of the reality of, I, I think the objective is right, that obviously the environment and congestion is a problem. I think going at it this way is a issue. And that's usually what the problem is in the State House and, and, and governments. Because most of these people making these decisions make decisions based on a small frame of reference, make on a small circle. And they're not bringing people in regular working folks in to weigh in on what they're trying to do. You're not bringing the fire guy in who lives in the outer boroughs who gotta work in the Manhattan every single day that's going have to pay that you're not, you know, working class people in New Jersey who have to drive here to go to work, who don't make a whole lot of money that's you at you hitting them over the head again and again and again.


You're driving people away from the party, driving them away from government. They're becoming more cynical because they, they think that these guys are making decisions that are hurting them. They don't care about all of the big issues you're talking about because you're hurting my pockets. I don ain't got no money as it is. That's right. I ain't gonna take more of my money. This doesn't make sense. So we, we have to figure it out now they say, oh, we need to reverse congestion. And I Heard about that. I was gonna ask you about that. Yeah. I think it's ridiculous, right? I think these are just political people throwing volleys at each other in the newspaper, trying to get video and, and airtime, you know, trying to get earned media about this stuff. The reality is, none of that is gonna fix the problem. Like, if you wanna deal with congestion, you wanna deal with the issues people have and you need to get on the ground and talk to folks about how to really solve this problem.


And if, if you raising money for MTA off the backs of working class people, I think that's wrong. And we need to figure out how to do that in a better way. Right. Doesn't hurt working class folks. I I want you to expound on that because that's a problem that I feel like just Democrats have is with their messaging. But you say you got something that you say, you say politicians can't make policy for people they can't see. That's right. They can't solve problems they don't know exist. And I say that all the time in regards to politicians because they talk about people they never talk to. So how can politicians do a better job of that? They gotta get outta there. Go to the barbershop, the beauty parlor, the the thrift store. The lounge, the bar. They gotta talk to folks where they at. You know, right now people are picking people, four people and you know, surrogates are running out convincing people to vote for you and you're not going in front of people talking, having conversations with them.


That's real. That's the real problem. Like, you don't know these people. Like you don't know the, the parent that that has an 8-year-old, 7-year-old and a 4-year-old gotta go to work, leave them home at the house, try to get the neighbors to check on them because she can't afford childcare. That's right. Right. And then, you know, the child finds a gun and shoots himself and everybody talking bad about her, but not about the economy. That's the richest in The World that does, does not allow folks to find childcare that they can afford. So now she has to make a decision. Right. Or the fact that I can't pay my rent 'cause I'm buying Christmas gifts And I wait for my income tax to come in so I can level up on my, on my rent, but I wanna buy Christmas gifts. I don't know these people. I don't have conversations with these people. So the policies I make are not gonna address them. For example, New Jersey fighting over a policy for 500 for seniors that make $500,000 to give them tax breaks.


You know, my grandmother is in a, a nursing home trying to figure out how to pay the nursing home, how to pay medicine. Right. How to do all the very specific things. She don't got a home here and a home in the Hamptons and a home in Florida, but we don't see these people, so you can't make policy for them. So those people get pissed off. And the problem is those are the majority of the people. That's right. And for you, somebody that is with the people, right. Even when, when something like the congestive pricing happens with the tolls and stuff, when people are talking to you, how do you, what are you instantly trying to do to help them? Because a lot of people I know that are in Jersey are like, well, especially us that aren't from there. And we moved there thinking it was better for us to commute. We like, dang, we might as well move into New York now. But then that goes against what you're trying to do with bringing people to Jersey and, and getting these companies to invest in it.


Like how do you start to solve that problem before us leaving Jersey becomes a problem? I think what the governor's trying to do is he's still keeping it in court, trying to raise the issue of it so it can be reversed. Emini here he went as far as wrote a letter to Donald Trump. I don't know how far this is gonna go, but ultimately we have to keep it on people's mind. Continue to have the discussion about it to see if we can repeal it in some way. Yeah. We can't just allow it to sit like that or the MTA or somebody else has to figure out how to compensate people or give them an opportunity to reduce the what it's gonna cost the burden to go back and forth to the city who were forced to go there. Not just going there because they trying to go shopping. Right, Right. All right.


We got more with RAs Baraka when we come back. Don't move. It's The Breakfast Club. Good morning. Morning everybody. It's DJ J nv, Jess. Hilarious. Charlamagne the guy. We are The Breakfast Club. Lauren LaRosa filling in for Jess. We're still kicking in with Rise Baraka. Now did you go to inauguration? No. You did not go. No. What, What? You actually put out a statement talking about Trump's first day. Yeah, I don I'm not, yeah, I wouldn't have went there. Emini here. It was crazy. Emini here. All all, all the things he did Emini here. He said he was gonna do so Emini here, it's crazy. He attacked Birthright citizenship, got rid of diversity, equity And inclusion. Fired everybody got rid of Officer of Violence prevention. I went to the website, it's gone. Right. You know, he just, every, all of the things that we need to continue to do it we're doing in the state of New Jersey in Newark, he just attacked and got rid of Pardon?


All of those people. Straight out white supremacist, dangerous folks that he let loose. I don't know why anybody, they right mind thought he, that he wouldn't do any of these things, but, but he did it. Right. And you know, people sell you who they are. Like they said believe them. Another thing I love that you you've done in Newark is the homelessness program. 'cause you've helped to cut Newark's homelessness in half. What have y'all gotten right that a lot of people around the country haven't? Well, We have street teams and our street teams are, we just expanded it to 24 hours a day because they do so good. You know, and the state just witnessed the uptick. 24% this year. Emini here the end of last year. And we got a little uptick too. But because we had reduced it, 57%, we still down, you know, our, our street teams go out there through Path Home.


We talk to folks, we get 'em off the street and we're being more creative about, like, we created housing out of containers. Right. We took the container shipping containers and we built housing outta shipping containers. Which, which was successful to us. We just went to the housing authority, took 200 of their units that they weren't using that was abandoned. And we are investing in fixing those up so we could use 'em as transitional homes for folks that are off the street. Wow. So we have places to put people when we pull 'em off the, off the corners. And we, we just very, very, very deliberate and intentional through our street team about that. About that work. Talk about the Path Home Initiative. See, you, you, you be speeding through stuff Man, Barack. 'cause you do actually, you're one of the elected officials. I can actually say, yo, that guy out there, he does the work. He does the work. Absolutely.


And you can see it reflected in the city. What is the Path Home Initiative? Path Home is like we say housing first. So we talk to people on the street until they comfortable coming with us to go places. So they know our street team know most of the homeless people in Newark by name, where they live at, so forth and so on. What street they, on, what corner they in, what tent they under. So they continue to talk to them, right? And then we have a cell phone thing. You text Path Home, 8 5 5 1 1 PA Path home to that. And the guys that go out there and engage these folks, right? And make sure, and it's just not regular people. You know, you have drug counselors there, you have a psychiatrist there, you have social workers there, you have regular street team folks there.


So there's a whole team of people that go out and bring mobile units to the folks where they are and begin to try to convince them and pull 'em into housing. Right? And, and, and sometimes they don't come right away. But the fir you know, we keep going, keep going, keep going. There was, the lady told a story that it, it, it took the folks three or four times to talk to her before she said, I'm going, you know, but, but she finally went and she gave a testimony how it turned her, changed her life around because they kept being persistent about, Hey, we coming, here we go again. You know, some food. We, we just not giving you food. We try to give you help, support, get you off the street. A lot of people come and give out food and it makes them feel good for that moment. But the person need more than food, right? That's right. They need a house, they need treatment, they need counseling. So we try to bring all of that to the folks and bring them into housing when we can.


All, all we have to do is keep building housing so people could come in to have a place to go because there's no place for us to put 'em. Then the street teams, they become useless. Now when you become governor, 'cause you know we gonna put that in the air. What's the first thing you wanna do for the people in New Jersey? What's the, what's your first attack? I think we need to get the budget in order first. I think it is outta control and we need to one, cut spending cut costs. Make the wealthy payday fair share. That's number one. We need to invest in the economy by building housing next to transit all over the state. We need to put thousands of people to work. Turn it into a Public works project. Same way we did the lead service line. Put thousands of people to work any economy, get the building trades to give us a price for affordable housing and tell 'em they can make up on the volume.


What they gonna miss out on. What we reduce in, in the price build 10,000, 15,000 of units upfront. Right? We need


The new year is here and you wanna stay locked in on whatever you're into. Amazon Prime is a cheat code. See, a lot of people think Amazon Prime is just about getting those packages delivered faster than you can say. I forgot to order that. But really prime is not just one thing. It's all things. A place to stream movies and shows with Prime video, Amazon music, and that free one day, same day delivery is everything you need to make the season stress free. Picture this, you're watching Thursday night football and Prime video and the friends are coming through. You need the last minute snacks and drinks. Prime's. Got you. You wanna kick back and chill after the game. Prime Video's got the movies and shows to keep your night rolling. And if you wanna wind down Amazon music's got the playlist to keep the vibe just right. So whether you're hosting, chilling, or just trying to make it through the hustle of the week, I know I'm doing all things above. Just know prime's got your back. It helps you explore, discover, and get more of what you love all in one place. So visit amazon.com/prime to get more of whatever you're into. Whatever you're into, it's on Prime. Visit amazon.com/prime.


Now


American Public University understands the challenges of balancing education with a busy ever changing life. Whether you're part of a military family managing PCS moves or a working professional juggling career and family, A PU offers the flexibility you need to succeed. Deliver online APUS programs make it possible to learn wherever life takes you. And courses are offered in eight and 16 week formats with monthly start dates so you can begin when it's convenient and progress at a pace that's comfortable for you. A PU is committed to making education affordable for everyone. For active duty, military and their families. The preferred military rate is just 250 per credit hour. Veterans and their families can benefit from the veteran grant, which provides 10% off undergrad and master's levels tuition. And for everyone else, the Opportunity Grant offers the same 10% tuition savings, making higher education within reach for all. Visit apu.ap.edu/military to learn more American public university education that moves with you.


The World is constantly changing. It's up to you to decide how to respond. Choose to be bold to try something new. Choose to reinvent yourself. That's what Nissan did with the all new totally reimagine kicks. The dynamic new exterior styling immediately announces that Nissan isn't messing around the interior. A completely redesigned cabin with premium features like wireless Apple call play and a panoramic moonroof make driving a kicks immersive and exciting. And with new performance and safety features like intelligent all-wheel drive, the kicks is both fun and safer to drive than ever before. It is the dawning of a brand new era for the Nissan Kicks. Only one question remains. Is it a new era for you as well? Drive the all new Reimagined Nissan Kicks today. Available Features compatible device service and consumer activation of Nissan Connect Services. Package required use only when safe and legal subject to third party service availability For more information, see Nissan usa.com/connect/legal. Apple CarPlay is a trademark of Apple Link. Intelligent all-wheel drive cannot prevent collisions or provide enhanced traction in all conditions. Always monitor traffic and weather conditions.


Hey fam, if you're like me, you are thinking about how to level up in your career. Maybe you're fresh out of college just starting in your field or even looking to switch things up and find your true calling. Whatever stage you're in, remember that this is your time to grow, to learn, and to build something that lasts. State Farm understands that early career development is key to long-term success. They've been a steady presence in our communities and they know that having the right support early on can make all the difference. State Farm is there to help you make smart moves and to help you get the coverage you need. We all know that the journey to success is a marathon, not a sprint. It's about staying focused, staying grounded, and making sure you're protected every step of the way. Let's build our careers with confidence knowing that State Farm is there to support us just like they've always been because like a good neighbor, a State Farm is there. Find out more at State Farm dot


com. Take our procurement dollars and invest in black and brown communities immediately to South Asian communities. Women businesses. The state of New Jersey spends less than 1% of its dollars in those communities. Now we gotta turn that around. 'cause to me that is why the economy doesn't grow Emini here. You know, you can't have an exclusive economy and expect it to grow. There's a whole bunch of communities that need to be engaged in the economy that we are leaving out. The Latino population or business community represent 20% of the workforce in New Jersey. That's on their own merit. That's without any investment, without any support from the state. We gotta put money in those communities and watch those communities grow. Hire people. You hire more people, we have to pay them less unemployment, employment.


We get 'em an opportunity to get homes. They can pay taxes and then you'll be crying less about the taxes you pay. 'cause they'll be helping you pay them. Right. Invest in those communities asap. And and that's, that's what we do in the first 100 days. Gotcha. Well how will, how will Lionsgate impact Newark and, and how will Netflix impact just Jersey as a whole? Like both, both of them. Well, Lionsgate is, will help a community, a neighborhood that's been distressed for a very, very long time. And when they come there, the airport is already building a stop there by there so people could get on the train Wow. To get to the airport. So that, that's gonna be awesome. And because those studios are there, obviously they're gonna, they're gonna be retail that's gonna pop up there. 'cause people have to eat. They, they need to do these things. They wanna get their hair, they wanna do whatever.


So they're gonna, obviously the retail is gonna grow there and, and it's gonna do something about the housing market as well. 'cause the housing authority is, are already talking about investing in the housing in that community. So I I, I see a shot in the arm happening for the economy in that area. And, and obviously the state, that region is gonna benefit from it once you put the train stop there, you know, people could get on the AirTran from there. It's gonna create incredible opportunity for that neighborhood and for the Elizabeth and all of the cities that are attached to it in that reason. What About the cannabis industry? 'cause you know, we opened up Astoria in Newark, myself and Rayquan, the chef and Macari sellers. What, what about the cannabis industry? I think it's Emini here. We gotta do better in New Jersey. Let me say that. You know, I I just think the bureaucracy is too much and the cost of cannabis putting it together in New Jersey is higher than places like Pennsylvania and other places like that that we have to work out those price, lower that stuff, make it competitive in our state and cut a lot of the red tape.


So more of these things can happen faster than it's happening now. And lean into to making sure that black and brown and underrepresented communities who were victimized have a bigger portion of what's happening here. That we have to do this deliberately. Like New Jersey is a, they wanna do the right thing. They're just afraid to do it out loud. You know what, Emini here. So you got a whole bunch of people that if you say, oh, black people are suffering, they'll raise their hand. I agree with that. They say, oh, we should do something about it. They hands don't go up. Right. Absolutely. You know, so that's, that's really what the difference is. So we, we have to lean into like, look this, we know this is the problem. You agree with it, we need to fix it. We can't charge this amount of money. There has to be carve outs for certain people in certain communities and we have to grow it faster than what is happening. I just think it's taking too Long. Well come see us at Astoria of 7, 9 9 Broad Street in Newark.


I need you to have the chief of police just do a little sweep in front of the store though. Oh yeah. There's a lot of, a lot of entrepreneurs be out there. You know what I'm saying? We had a discussion about that Dime trying break Black be out. You know, they Do. They they, it's very Valuable. Our customers pull up and they be trying to get their own sales on drop A dime on smooth Down the block, man, you know, move down the block. You know what Did with the people that be outside his store, he dropped Telfor bags off so that he can increase their revenue. Maybe you should talk to those brothers and see what they trying to do and how Hash do can help. I Don talk to them. They try to get me weed. We own the dispensary. Gimme nothing. Well, when Is election? What, what, what, what? When can people make sure they June 10th donate to what they need to make sure they support you and Yeah. And your site and everything and get see what you're Standing on. Absolutely. Ra for governor.com, that's us.


June 10th is the primary in New Jersey. The general election is in November 1st. Tuesday in November. But the primary is June 10th. June 10th. You can donate, you can get on the website, volunteer, ask questions, do whatever it is that you need to do it. Feel comfortable doing. Absolutely right. Well we appreciate you for joining us. Definitely make sure you go out support Mayor RAs Baraka. He will be the next governor of New Jersey. We gonna put that in the air and thank you so much brother. What's The website again? Yeah, yeah. RAs for governor. The number four For Governor. For governor. All right. It's Ra Baraka. It's The Breakfast Club. Good morning. The Breakfast Club. Morning everybody. It's DJ Envy. Just hilarious. Charlamagne the guy. We are The Breakfast Club.


Lauren LaRosa filling in for Jess. Let's get to Jess with the Mess. News is real weather. Just Robin Moore. Just don't do no lying. Don't She Don't spell nobody bro. Jess Worldwide Mess on The Breakfast Club. She's the coach. Lauren. Lauren LaRosa. I'm back And I got the mess. Talk, talk to me. Alright y'all. So we talked about my wife star, Natalie Dito. And remember we were saying that she was missing. Well, there is an update according to TMZ who says that they spoke to her mother, Denise Fuco. Natalie is not missing anymore. She has been found safe and sound.


Although allegedly her identification, all of her identification cards have been stolen. So she is, at the time of the report earlier this morning, she was still in Vegas. Her family's just happy that they found her. They, they still don't know what happened to her and what all of the missing the flights and all that good bad stuff. Not good stuff, but all that stuff was about. Yep. But right now their priority is just to get her home. So they're gonna get her home, they'll figure out all that stuff. And the issue is that she doesn't have the identifi identification. But an airline will work with you if you can identify yourself in other ways. So, you know, happy that she was found and she should be able to make it home. Another quick update, Wendy Williams. So after we did the interview with Wendy Williams here on The Breakfast Club, there was a lot that happened following it, A lot of good things are happening on the GoFundMe For anyone who has visited the GoFundMe, donated the GoFundMe.


First of all, I I, I know Wendy's family can say thank you for that. There has been over $37,000 raised and their goal is 50 K. Oh, Wendy says, thank you for that. Yes, Wendy says, thank you for that. Yes. And this GoFundMe is in support of Wendy Williams fight for her independence. Now there was an update posted to the GoFundMe on the 21st of January. In in that says, we will officially be retaining the law firm of Schwartz and Greenberg Atlas to represent Alex Finney. Alex Finney is Wendy's niece who was also joined us here on the show. And Wendy was here, or Wendy called in to petition the court to address all issues pertaining to Wendy Williams' Guardianship. These lead attorneys, who I'm told are very high profile attorneys. Jason Atlas and Brett Newso Baum will during the early stages, from what I'm being told of being retained.


And that retainer, a 20 K retainer, which is listed here on the GoFundMe. The GoFundMe will be used for that. And people may ask for attorney fees, right? Yeah. For attorney fees. Well why does Alex need an attorney? Whatever, whatever. But you have to have, you know, people that are also able to help Wendy speak and navigate different things as you figure out what life is gonna be like if she's released from this, you know what Emini here, this conservatorship situation. Not if or when she is released. Yes, when she's released you still wanna have some proper care. You know, Wendy has a whole life. She has to now plan, you know, financial stuff, living stuff. And Alex has been by her side. So bringing the attorneys in will help them navigate all that. Just make sure that Alex has the support that she needs as a person. Speaking for Wendy. Now I thought that this was funny also too, in the update, Wendy gave her own update from Wendy to her fans.


She said, today is January 21st. I have a pink Versai robe and Victoria's Secret black bra on And I'm watching Botch, but my body is hitting and holding with my red lipstick because it's winter still here in it's luxury prison. Keep all of you updated. I just think Wendy, that's Wendy. Wendy. Wendy and the versa. She wrote the Victoria's Secret, the red lip. Very much Wendy. So yeah, Wendy is saying thank you guys for all of the support and there will be more updates there soon and we'll make sure that we keep you guys locked right here on The Breakfast Club. So make sure you guys tuning on in. Okay. Absolutely. What about the legislation? Legislation? Yes. Yes. Thank you for that reminder. So another movement that has happened, the day when we were in here, we talked a lot about needing to get lawmakers involved, right?


Because Wendy Williams and a lot of things that she's facing, we learned that data. Not, she's not the only one going through it. So there's actually a lawmaker that came out and basically said, I'm sorry, there's a senator. So Senator Anthony Palumbo and New York State Senator told TMZ following our interview that he is reintroducing a piece of legislation that will help to change guardianship laws regarding family visitation in the state. Now according to him, there is something called Carolyn's Law and it will allow families to visit loved ones by filing a motion with the court. Now the guardian, once this is filed, would have 10 days to show the court if the person that is trying to visit displays any inappropriate conduct.


And if not, they can visit. So it basically wouldn't be just up to the guardian and say, oh well we need to keep you safe from A, B, C, and D and these people are not safe. If you can't see them, it would actually be like the family can say, Hey, we're safe. We should be able to go and visit and the court will be in the middle of it. So there's a, you know, checks and balances. That would be right in the conversation. Yeah. The law is actually designed to ensure family members have a legal path to visit a loved one under under guardianship. Yes. Yep. Exactly. So that's great news to hear. And he says that he's actually been following Wendy's case for some years now and that her being locked up in the apartment is tragic. And he goes on to say that even if like this is not what he's saying is happening, but he said even if Wendy's memory was failing, because the guardianship is trying to allege that she has dementia, she should still be allowed to be with her family instead of forcibly separating her from them.


So, so I just wanted to make that clear. So that all good stuff And that Emini here, that that, that's good because that's a law that's going to apply to everybody. Yes. Yep. And like I said, there were so many people that were calling, I got dms on Instagram that just people that were like, yo, we've been through this, going through the same thing you tell Yeah, they don't have Wendy's. You know what Emini here, like Wendy has a lot of friends in places, but they don't have that. So this can help people that this gonna be a trickle down effect. That's right. Thank you. Breakfast Club. Thank you. You're welcome. Thank you. Wendy. You know when, first and foremost, 'cause she spoke out. No, it could have been really bad for her. She could have been on top out where? On The Breakfast Club. Thank You. Breakfast Club. Say Say. You're welcome. You're welcome. Say you're welcome Lauren. You are. Wait, but we are Breakfast Club.


I That's right. Just go. Just go. Oh you welcome. Okay. All right. In other news, the Oscar nominations are happening literally right now. As or an announcement. It's happening right now as we are speaking, this is being announced on Good Morning America. Now some of the nominations, just to point out real quick, and again, this is developing so if there's anything else to talk about, we'll be back tomorrow with that actress in the lead role nomination, Cynthia Arrivo for Wicked Ariana Grande was also nominated. This is her first nomination. I've gotta look up exactly what she was nominated for. But first nomination in relation to Wicked as well too for an Oscar actor in a league role, Coleman Domingo.


And then we also have other awards. The iHeart Media Awards have also been announced. The nominations and special award recipients for its annual iHeart Music Awards that will be taking place on March 17th at the Dolby Theater in Los Angeles. That's a podcast awards you mean? It's the Music awards Already. iHeart Radio Music Award. Oh, Music awards I'm reading. Wow. It's here in front of me. Wow. She talking to you crazy. That's Crazy. Real quick. Song of the year for the iHeart Awards. Tipsy by Buzi. Yep. Ago. Hills Doja, cat Artist of the Year. doGet, Kendrick Lamar, jelly Roll, Kendrick Lamar Artist of the Year. Here you go. Ssa Taylor Swift. These award things are happening right now. Y'all. Y'all think she's going fast? It's moving fast. It's live Hip Hop Artists of the Year.


Drake, Kendrick Lamar's also in there. Chris Brown, RB Artist of the Year. Okay. iHeart. Chris Brown. All right. Muni Long SSA. RB Artist of the Year. CSA Long. I think SSA got, she got Money Long, money Long. I'm sorry. All right, well that is just with the mess with Laura LaRosa. Now let's get to the People's Choice. Migs hit us up with your request. It's The Breakfast Club. Good morning, Your chicken out The Breakfast Club Morning everybody. It's DJ Envy Jess. Hilarious Charlamagne tha God We are The Breakfast Club Laura LaRosa filling in for Jess And I know some of these nominations are still coming in. Yeah, I wanted to make sure I mentioned Ariana Grande. I told you that this is her first Oscar nomination. She is a nominated for best supporting actress and Wicked.


Wicked is doing her and Cynthia Arrivo a lot of justice. How many times Cynthia was nominated? Cynthia? I don't know the, because they Both killed it. Again, this is rolling out so I don't know the exact number of the amount of times. But she was nominated as well too. I heard It was good. I fell asleep. No, I seen it. It was low on no pause, but it was good. I haven't seen it yet. But you fell asleep. Yeah. Emini here I fell asleep. 'cause you know I'm old And I was in there with my kids and it was really for them. I tried to watch it but every time I, I woke up, it was good. Were you Off the edible? No, I was off a Friday. It was a Friday afternoon. Oh. Why wouldn't you go Friday after You gotta do Saturday About the kids? I took a nap and woke up and it was, I still watch it. It was still good. So every Time I woke up it was hitting, You know what I, every time I woke up it was hit Fridays after work.


Y'all still got a parent. Y'all Be hired parent all Time. Parent 24 7. Yo, I don't wanna put, you know, the, the cart before the horse, but you know, or Yeah, the cart before the horse. But you know, first, first maybe you'll get a man and Daniel damn God don't like ugly. I didn't know he be, I didn't Know he be match. I don like Ugly. He be re That's why you ain't found a man yet of all because you do not appreciate ugly men. Wow. Okay. First of all, I love a medium. Okay. Wow. See how you talking? I love them before you go. They adore the heck outta you. Boy. The universe just opened up for you. Like where you No, No, no. But the problem is those normally be the ones that, the ones that would they be quiet. They'd be in the background, they'd be chilling, they'd be like 30 girls. Now I'm outside your mom house.


'cause why you being weird to me? You Want a baby or not? What? Why You wanna be Treated on and treated bad so bad? You, you, you, you complicating this. Do you want the baby or not? I want happiness. Love Your time will come Your come my family and, and that's what I'm going to have. Thank you. Envy. Your time will come. I'm gonna let you speak at the wedding. Not not devil over there. That's the most cliche thing that you can say. Your time will come. Okay. We're praying for dinner With JayZ or 500 All when we come back. Positive notice to Breakfast Club. Good morning. Morning everybody. It's DJ Envy, Jess. Hilarious. Charlamagne the guy. We are The Breakfast Club. Now it's time to get up outta here. Charlamagne, you got a positive note? I do. I want to thank everybody, first of all, who came out the Greenlight Bookstore in Brooklyn last night for Anita AKs.


You know her second book, the Win on Her Tongue came out yesterday is book two of the Daughter of Three Waters trilogy. It's available everywhere you buy books now, man. We had a great conversation at Green Light Books last night and Brooklyn talking the wind on her tongue, tongue with Anita Kak. So make sure you go and get that. And I want to tell everybody out there, this is a great quote comes from my man Ryan Holiday man. You know I love all of Ryan Holiday's books. And this comes from Ego is the Enemy. Ryan Holiday says, your potential the absolute best you're capable of. That's the metric the measure yourself against. Your standards are okay. Your standards winning is not enough. People can get lucky and win. People can even be a-holes and win. Anyone can win, but not everyone is the best possible version of themselves.


Go out there and be the best possible version of yourself today. Y'all have a great day Breakfast Club bitches You don't Finish or y'all Done. American Public University understands the challenges of balancing education with a busy ever changing life. Whether you're part of a military family managing P Cs moves or a working professional juggling career in family, A PU offers the flexibility you need to succeed. Deliver online apus programs make it possible to learn wherever life takes you. And courses are offered in eight and 16 week formats with monthly start dates so you can begin when it's convenient and progress at a pace that's comfortable for you. A PU is committed to making education affordable for everyone, for active duty, military and their families. The preferred military rate is just 250 per credit hour. Veterans and their families can benefit from the Veteran Grant, which provides 10% off undergrad and master's level tuition.


And for everyone else, the Opportunity Grant offers the same 10% tuition savings, making higher education within reach for all. Visit apu.ap.edu/military to learn more American public University education that moves with you. John Stewart is back in the host chair at The Daily Show, which means he's also back in our ears on the Daily Show Ears Edition podcast. Join late night legend John Stewart and the best news team for today's biggest headlines, exclusive extended interviews and more. Now, this is a second term we can all get behind. Listen to the Daily Show, ears Edition on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts.


Hi, I'm Arturo Castro and I've been lucky enough to do stuff like Broad City and Narcos and Roadhouse, and now I'm starting a podcast because honestly guys, I don't feel the space is crowded enough. Get Ready for Greatest Escapes a new comedy podcast about the wildest true escape stories in history. Each week I'll be sitting down with some of the most hilarious actors and writers and comedians. People like Ed Helms, Diane Guerrero, and Joseph Gordon Levitt. I love storytelling And I love you, so I can't wait. Listen and subscribe to Greatest Escapes starting January 14th on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts. You are cordially invited to the hottest party in professional sports.


I'm Tisha Allen, former golf professional and the host of Welcome to the Party, your newest obsession about the wonderful world that is women's golf, featuring interviews with top players on tour tips to help improve your swing and the craziest stories to come out of your friendly Neighborhood Country Club. Welcome to the Party with Tisha Allen is an iHeart woman's sports production in partnership with deep blues sports and entertainment. Listen to welcome to the Party, that's P-A-R-T-E-E on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcast, or wherever you get your podcasts.