
State Farm Insurance knows that understanding and investing in our cultural identity is paramount in protecting our future. We know what it's like to go from nothing to something to wish That. We had better financial literacy when we were younger. Luckily State Farm is here to help with funding programs like Project Ready, which is committed to education achievement and has already awarded over 11 million in scholarship offers to black and brown youth since 2000 And 21. State Farm believes that being better neighbors creates better communities. Like a good neighbor, State Farm is there.


Life is an act of constant reinvention that's true for you, And for cause. Nissan reimagined the all new kicks around you. The Bowles Personal plus sound System with speakers in the headrest keeps you in the groove while the Nissan Safety Shield 360 Technologies keep you safe. If Nissan reinvented the kicks, you can reinvent yourself. Drive the all new Reimagined Nissan Kicks today. Available Features compatible device service. And consumer activation of Nissan Connect Services. Package required Use only when safe. And legal subject to third party service availability for More information. See Nissan usa.com/connect/legal. Apple CarPlay is a trademark of Apple Link. Intelligent all-Wheel Drive cannot prevent collisions or provide enhanced traction in all conditions. Always monitor traffic, And weather conditions.


Peace to the planet. I. Go by the name of Charlemagne tha God. And. I. Want to introduce you to Uber? Teen Accounts, A connected account for your teen with trackable trips. And, highly rated drivers. Now I am the father of a 16-year-old daughter. So I need things like Uber Teen. Okay, your teen can feel a sense of independence, And. You can feel a sense of relief. You can follow their entire ride on a live tracking map. Perfect for those times when you want to be there, but can't when your teen requests a trip. They are matched with highly rated And experienced drivers And. You receive realtime notifications. Every trip comes with enhanced safety features. Pin verification to ensure your teen enters the right vehicle. Live trip tracking for parents plus you. The parent can contact the driver directly from the app. Add your teen to your account today. Available in select locations. See app for details.


This is Coke Zero sugar. Could I be the best Coke ever? Try And. Taste with your ears. Hear those bubbles. Imagine them tingling on your top fizzy deliciousness. Listen to That Cascading Liquid. A mouth watering waterfall. Irresistibly tasty, zero sugar, crisp, refreshing. And Ice. Gold is Coke. Zero sugar the best Coke ever. Try And. Decide


You could sit there And. Listen to ads. Or you could take a moment to have a Diet Coke break. First, grab a chill diet Coke. 'cause if you want It to be perfect. It needs to be crispy. Next, get a big cup of ice. 'cause everyone knows Diet Coke is best served. Swimming And ice, then sip It slowly. Feel That burn And. Enjoy your break for as long as possible. When you need a break, don't forget to grab an ice cold. Diet Coke And. Take a Diet Coke break.


Good Morning. USA. Yo. Yo. Yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo Yo yo yo, yo yo, yo yo, yo yo, yo yo, yo yo. It's Lauren la Rosa. DJ Envy is out today. Charlamagne the guy. Good morning. Feeling Piece to the planet. Guess what day It is? Guess what day It is Honk Day I. Feel like my breath stink. Good morning, LL Cool Bay. How are you? No. Did you brush your teeth this morning or you was running lucky? No, actually, I didn't. I oversleep You home. So I am I I I overslept this morning. I was in Detroit all day yesterday, having a conversation with the Madam Vice President, Kamala Harris You. know we had our we of Town Hall I mean we the people Town Hall, audio Town Hall yesterday.


And. So I flew out like nine 30. And got home like after midnight. And I was born in 1900. And, 78, y'all. So by when I woke up this morning, It was five 30. I had no intention of Oversleeping, but I did. So I got a broadcast from home today. But You did a good job yesterday. We thank you LL Cool Bay. And. I. I. Appreciate That, And. You know That. Mic is hot. Literally, Man. Shut up. Okay, I'm gonna go brush my teeth as soon as I can get a break. Okay. How was your day yesterday? My day was good. I mean I was here for work all day. And then a client. That we're working with, with a brown girl. Grinding. We did some press yesterday. So I did That after I left here, got home. And I knocked out. I woke up literally to wake to watch your interview.


I watched the BE T Hiphop awards. What else? I Watch. Victoria's Secret Fashion Show. And. Then I went right back to Sleep. Know. Am I bugging or was It quiet for the BE T hiphop Awards? I didn't even know the BE. T Hiphop Awards was coming on. Who hosted know We Going Fat Joe hosted. He did a great job. Of course, we gonna talk about It because every bad people was like, yo, I didn't even know this was coming on. I didn't know It was coming on either. I just saw BE T start uploading stuff from the awards. I missed It the first time It aired. I went back. And watched It, And, It. But I feel like this just happened with another award show. What was the other award? Oh, the M T V Awards. M T V Awards. I I didn't realize That was on either. Know we I will say though, I feel like the hip hop awards never. Like it's always different hip hop awards versus the actual like regular BE T awards in la. But still, normally you You know it's coming on.


I didn't even know It was coming on. That's crazy. Ba said It because we ain't got no Diddy parties. No More. Man, Shut up. Shut up. We going to, we gonna be playing back my conversation with Madame Vice president this morning, too. We'll be playing That in the 7:00 AM hour. We got Morgan Woods coming up with front page news. And, a whole lot of other good stuff. Don't go anywhere. It's the world's most dangerous morning show. The Breakfast Club know it's the world's most dangerous morning show. The Breakfast Club Charlamagne, the God LL Cool Bay. Lauren LaRosa. DJ Envy is out today. You know, just hilarious is on maternity leave. So it's just us two And. Let's get in the front page news with Morgan. Good morning, Morgan. Good morning. Good morning. know, good morning to you, doctor Mr Charlamagne, the God You.


know what I'm saying? You had a Ready doctor Of what? I don't know. I'm Just of the man up all I. Have an I, have an honorary doctorate from South Carolina State University. Respect my honorary doctorate, man. That real graduates don't respect honorary, but go ahead. Go, go. But go off. That's what Kamala told off yesterday. But go off. That's the, that's the, anyways. Okay. So Vice President Kamala Harris, obviously, if you missed It Don, don't know where you was, AT. But Vice President Kamala Harris sat down for an exclusive iHeart audio town Hall in Detroit with our very own charlamagne. The God when asked questions about why she sounds so scripted, And sticking to her talking points, we, here's what she had to say. AT my rallies I say the same thing. When I go to Detroit as I do in Philly, as I.


Do wherever I am to make sure That people here, And And receive what I think are some of the most critical issues. That are AT stake in this election. Know, so she said, That, what's AT stake in this election is truly profound. And, of course, I love That. You guys talked about the confusion around the stimulus checks where Democrats in Congress actually had to pass That vote funding. That passed That funding. And Trump put his name on those checks. And. Other topic, That, I'm sure many of us can relate to, is the legalization of marijuana. VP Harris says she does want to legalize marijuana on a national level, saying she And. President Biden worked to get weed reclassified in the criminal justice system. And, when she was San Francisco District Attorney, she was against harsh penalties for Reed crimes.


Let's hear those comments from BBP Harris AT, the Town Hall in Detroit with c T G To make It classified as a lesser harm And. So That took some time. There's a whole process around That, but that's the work That. We have Don. I was the most progressive prosecutor in California on marijuana cases. And would not send people to jail for simple po possession of weed. So she also indicated That. She is confident she is going to win the election in November, but adds That. The race is tight. And vice President Kamala Harris, she is expected to sit down for an exclusive with Fox News later today. Taking questions from Anchor Brett Bayer. That's set to Air AT six PM Eastern from Pennsylvania.


Another key battleground state in this election, coming up with coming up in less than three weeks, it'll be her first six. Sit down with Fox. Ever. Any thoughts on last night? Charlamagne? Oh, I I. Just enjoyed the conversation. You know it's one of those conversations. It's an hour long. You can go watch It on Breakfast Club's, YouTube page. We'll be playing It, playing It back next hour as we here on The, Breakfast, Club. But it's just one of those things like You know if you want to actually get accurate information. And You know, don't be, don't be fueled by misinformation. And actually know the truth. You'll, you'll get It from this conversation. But that's only if you want wanna believe It.


Oh, only, you know, like, you can still be presented with the truth. And still choose to believe, believe, believe whatever lies are out there. But that's on, you know, I, I, like the I, like the way she was like really comfortable with you, but you didn't like you, you, you, you pushed her for the stuff. That a lot. Like you came from a different angle than a lot of the other interviews came from. Like, It was really just like a conversation. Like I felt like she was just like talking to us. Know we I mean this. That's my, that's my fourth You know public conversation with the vice President. Like You know. I've been sitting down with Kamala Harris And. She was a Senator. You know that's she first came on The. Breakfast Club in 2000. And 18. So we have, we have a good rapport. You know, a, a friendly know, but pointed rapport. Know It seemed like you guys had you cracked your jokes, but you kept things serious as we.


So meanwhile, many Americans are eager to vote early. The latest national NBC news poll found That. 5% of registered voters have already cast their ballots. Another 47% said They plan to vote early. About two And three will vote early. Who will vote early, will support Kamala Harris. About 17% above Donald Trump voters. nearly six in 10 voters who plan to vote on election day support. Former President Trump, while 37% who plan to vote on election day, say They support Harris. Let's hear from some early voters who've already cast their ballot, Because last time I waited mine going around the block, around the corner. Now I'm getting my vote in today. Right now.


I was awake before six I would've come out then. But It was kind of chilly. But I did. It for them, for the women in my family, The 46 states, And, Washington, DC has started some form of early voting. 13 states will begin as the we'll begin this week as, or we'll begin as this week continues. Excuse me. Among those are key battleground states of North Carolina, And, Nevada. Others include Iowa, Kansas, Rhode Island, Tennessee, Louisiana, Washington, Massachusetts. The district, of course, And, Georgia. So if you're in those states, you can cast your ballots as of this week. Speaking of Georgia County, election officials in Georgia are being told They must certify election results.


An Atlanta judge ruled That local officials have a mandatory fixed obligation to certify the results. The judge added That, the election. Election officials should share any concerns about fraud with the appropriate authorities, but cannot use That as basis to delay certification. He said, if election superintendents were free to play investigator prosecutor, jury And, judge, then Georgia voters would be silenced. This is one of two closely watched cases involving election certification in Georgia with the other still pending from You know That last election. So, any thoughts on That? I? Wonder who gotta guard them? Votes for three weeks. Like who gotta watch? Like who gotta watch over all them votes, all them early votes for the next three weeks.


Do They, keep em in a vote or something? They Need to have the aunties in the church do It. 'cause They. I'm trying to tell you, Look, the trustees right? You know. Oh, That deacon boy, Right? Definitely. we, we'll see what's happening on the other side of the aisle. AT 7:00 AM get caught up with Trump. He was in Chicago, And. Of course, we'll talk about what's happening in the Adams administration. AT seven, as we, that's your front page news for six. I'm Morgan Wood. Thank you Morgan Wood. We gotta get It off your chest coming up right now. +1 800-585-1051. Call up. Tell us why you're blessed. Call up if you want to vent whatever It is. We are here for you. It's the world's most dangerous morning show. The, Breakfast, Club, The, Breakfast Club.


This is Your time to get It off your chat. Chief Cole 805 8 5 1 0 5 1. We want to hear from you on The. Breakfast. Club. Good morning. Who's this? Yo. Yo. Hey, man. I saw your interview last night. First of all, before I say what I'm Finn to say. I just want them to drop in a cruise ball for you, bro, because I'm proud of how far you Don came, man. Thank you. King I ain't gonna even lie to you. Boy. You came a long way, bro. Growth is real, man. And. I'm proud of you, bro, for real. Thank you, king I. Appreciate me. That means the World coming from you, my brother And And. Now, what I want to say is what I saw. I saw the interview last night. And, I'm a And. I feel like if the Democratic Party don't uphold to the promises That They making to They voters, I really believe That They gonna lose the black vote.


we a good majority of the black vote moving forward after this election. A a lot of what Kamala Harris was saying, And sounded good, but I think she's a little bit tone deaf to everyday American citizens. When, when you ask the I, think when It guy asked her about like what she do for the economy, she, she started mentioning like You know the, the, the home buying And, all That stuff. But she went to And. She was talking about how she made medications affordable for seniors. And, all That, And, I, And I appreciate her doing That for That. But it's like, as far as like young black Americans, the Gen Zs And, the millennials, like, but we living in a life, bro, we, a lot of us, if we ain't left our mama house, we Don move back in with mama.


So it's like, what is, what is her plan as far as like the immediate impact on the economy? So where we can start getting back to saving money so we can be able to, to start investing into like having a small business And stuff like That. But a lot of the lot of stuff. Go ahead. Oh, no. I would encourage you to Google. Just Google Kamala Harris's opportunity economy plan. That's what I would tell you to do. And, a lot of what you are asking for is in there. And, And, And, And, And And. The reason I give her props on That is because I've seen what she's Don in the last almost four years in the White House in regards to putting money back. You know in, in, in, into the economy, especially with the American rescue plan.


And, small, small businesses. But, but, but check. Go look into It. Alright. All right. I got, Hey, one last thing. Can I say what last thing? Yes, sir. Lauren. Lauren up there, right? I'm here. What I do? Hey, hey Lauren. I ain't gonna lie to you. You my baby. And I rock with you, right? Oh God. But I'm gonna have to say this dog That, Travis Kelsey comment you made last year. Still on my chest, man. Mine too, man. And, You, you, you gotta move. You gotta move on. You gotta clear your throat, And your chest. I'm I. Move on. You need, You need them. Use the next your vibes because Move on. But, but I I gave you grace on That. But then you turn around beginning of this football season, And say That Taylor Swift was carrying the league on them As shoulders.


That. What? You can them Bone, shoulders aint shoulders. You, you some white people know. That's crazy. You love you. Some white people, Dumb bony shoulders. And Don. I'm so sorry about That. I'm so sorry. Listen. But she listen, but she, you see where the camera keep going every time she AT the game though. We don't care. Oh, we don't care. Get It off your chest. +1 800-585-1051. Call us right now if you want to vent. If you want to tell us why you blessed, reach out. It's the world's most dangerous morning show. The. Breakfast. Club. The. Breakfast. Club. Ray. Ray. Ray. Yo, Charla, man. Envy. What up are we Live?


This is your time to get It off your chest. I Got an indoor pool, I, outdoor Pool. We want to hear from you on The. Breakfast. Club. We can get on the phone right now. Here, And, tell you what, it's, we live. Good morning. Who's this? Hi, my name is Eska. AKA Aeg trucker. How you doing Charlamagne? Peace. Eska. How are you? Eska? I'm doing great. Oh, ESKA. I'm sorry. With A l Eska. Oh, we eska Lord AT Mercy. Guess what? Racing in Eska know. Go ahead. Guess Go ahead. What's my race? Black. Okay. Close. You almost I.


Like what, how, how we Can, I'm doing wonderful. I just wanted to share my happiness with the World. I just got back from my honeymoon. Oh, And. But I've been together with my partner for 15 years. We have two wonderful children. And, the biggest missing about this is That. My parents separated when I was two And. He, so I came from a broken home, And his parents, like his father was abusive to his mother. So for both of us to come from these households, And raise our children in a peaceful, loving home. It's the greatest blessing That God could ever give me.


That is incredible. Where'd y'all go for your honeymoon? Cancun. It was, It was, It was really good. It was a lot of fun. Okay, so you think you, you think you about a week pregnant? And. Don't know It yet. Oh no. I'm Don having kids. My kids are 12. And seven. I'm Don. I'm out here trucking I Drive trucks. So I'm too busy. We congratulations to you. And your boo. I'm happy That. Y'all You know still together. I'm happy. That. Y'all have a beautiful, healthy family. So salute to you. Amen. That's Why y'all bang on It like That. Jesus. Craig Ray got mad. You mad That. She got two kids. Rick got mad. Know you married And happy too. Why you so angry? Happy You Know you ain't got no reason to be That angry to hang up on That young lady.


He said call her In. Good morning. Morning. This is Jeff. What Up Jeff, how are you? Good, good, good morning Charlamagne. And guy LL Cool Bay. Good morning. Shout out to Jeff. Shout out to Andy. Yes sir. Know I'm just trying to get It off my chest. Man. I don't like all the hate That. J Cole has been getting off this new, this new song, this new single, this new song he just dropped. Man It is like, he talk to me. He's doing what? He's always Don the whole time. He's giving his side of the story. He's giving you personal lip And, putting It in a song. I don't think he was gonna be able to move on without addressing It in a song everybody hated. When he apologized initially, then They saw how the battle went. And how personal It got. And was like, wow.


J Cole was really smart for getting out of It And. Now we hearing this side of the store, it's like, oh nah, you shouldn't have said anything. It's like They. Mad That. He said he would've won They mad. He said That. He had the blood of his friends on him. It's like, what did y'all want this man to say? Y'all thought he was gonna get on the track. And be like, know I would've lost. That's why I got out. It's like, nah, man. It, it's still Cole AT the end of the day. He still can ride with anybody. He's in my top 10. And. Kendrick's in my top five And It is coming from a Kendrick fan. But Cole's still That dude. And, he still keep, he's giving you bars in the song. And I just It is kind of like, like, especially like the media. They They went in on him. Like, yo, what y'all want from the man? We oh know.


This is what I think. It is And I, I And I respect you being a Dreamville surrogate. But what I think That It is, is the fact That. He's like the guy who acted like he'd have beat your ass if he didn't have to go to work in the morning. You. know what I'm saying? You ever seen That dude who act like he want? He act like he gonna, I'ma beat your ass. Boy, you lucky know I gotta go to work in the morning, man. Either you gonna swing or You know. So for him to like You know apologize, which was fine. I, respect. That. Move I. Think That. He did what was best for his, his mental health. But don't write a song acting like you the spun the block, bro. Like I I didn't appreciate That, I, It I don't feel like he was saying he would've spun the block. But he was just like, look man, from his perspective, this is what It was.


And. It's like, yo You know. Is we going to have the balance? Did Kendrick shift what hiphop is? Or we gonna allow this because it's like, nah, you should have been about That smoke. And It is like, that's not where he was coming from. That's not who he's been the whole time. And You know I. He has been talking greasy. The last like two, three years features And Everything like That And It was like You. know what I'm saying? Kind of like all man It, you gotta fall back. But now he's giving us his perspective. And It is like, you can't really like fault the man for telling you what It really was from this perspective. And It was like, yo I think it's a dope song. I think he giving us Bar I. Kind of wanna hear what Trav gotta say about It too. Know You know what I haven't heard Travs opinion. But thank you for calling brother.


All right. That was get It off your chest. You could call us every morning around this time. 1 805 8 5 1 0 5 1. And. Get It off your chest. Now we got just With the Mess coming up with Lauren And. LaRosa, what we got just with the mess. Lauren, we gonna recap The BE T Awards. That, most people didn't know were happening. Jesus Christ, the Hip Hop Awards, it's the, it's the world's most dangerous morning show to Breakfast Club The Breakfast Club, the World most dangerous morning show to Breakfast Club Charlemagne tha God. Lauren LaRosa. DJ Envy is off today. Jess hilarious is on maternity leave. So it's just us Now it's time for just With The Mess. News is real weather. Jessica Robin Moore just don't do no lying. Don, She Don't spare.


Nobody. Don. We why? Jess World Mess on The. Breakfast Club. She's a Coaches shoes with Lauren. Lauren LaRosa. I'm back. And. I got the mess. Talk. Talk to me. I'm not gonna lie. I forgot what segment we was even doing just now. Good morning, Laura. Good Morning. What? Did you brush your teeth? Not yet. Oh My God. Oh, so the BE T Hit Pop Awards went down last night. I I, like a lot of people did not know It was happening. And saw It hit the timeline. A lot of people were online like, whoa, when did this? When did we not know That? This was not happening. What happened? But It was a good show. I did tune in once I realized It was happening. Fat Joe hosted It.


And You know he's amazing. AT just all of That You know carrying a party on. This is actually his third time hosting a show. The show took place in Las Vegas. AT Dre's nightclub. I also saw people making a joke about the fact That. The BE T awards were AT a nightclub, which have you ever been to the hip hop awards? It is literally a party. So I thought It was fitting last night though. Big wins for the night. Kendrick Lamar like cleaned up. He was nominated for 11 awards. He took home eight, including Lyricists of the Year. Hip Hop Artists of the Year, song of the Year for Not Like Us Video Director of the Year with Dave Free for Not Like Us. Like all of the wins. That, Kendrick Lamar took home last night. I Drake definitely shouldn't watch this show. Who, who Else? Who else was gonna win?


Like who else dominated hip hop like Kendrick Lamar dominated hip hop And. He ain't even drop her out. True I mean he had a ear. Travis Scott also was there. Which I was actually surprised to see Travis Scott there. I thought It was a great thing. He was there. But I was surprised because normally with the hi hip hop awards, you don't see Super, super.


The World is constantly changing. It's up to you to decide how to respond. Choose to be bold to try something new. Choose to reinvent yourself. That's what Nissan did with the all new totally reimagined kicks. The dynamic new exterior styling immediately announces That Nissan isn't messing around the interior. A completely redesigned cabin with premium features like wireless Apple call Play And. A panoramic moon roof make driving a kicks immersive And exciting And with new performance, And safety features. Like intelligent all-Wheel Drive. The Kicks is both fun. And safer to drive than ever before. It is the dawning of a brand new era for the Nissan Kicks. Only one question remains. Is It a new era for you? As we drive the all new Reimagined Nissan kicks today. Available Features compatible device service, And consumer activation of Nissan Connect services Package required use only when safe And legal subject to third party service availability for More information, see Nissan usa.com/connect/legal. Apple CarPlay is a trademark of Apple Link. Intelligent all-Wheel Drive cannot prevent collisions or provide enhanced traction in all conditions. Always monitor traffic And weather conditions.


State Farm Insurance gets It. Representation alone doesn't equate to authenticity. State Farm understands. And wants to help protect our communities by investing in our future building off the hard work. Our parents have Don before us. We all are looking to create generational wealth. So That our families. And generations behind us have a better starting point than we did. That begins with financial literacy. State Farm helps fund programs like Project Ready, a National Urban League program committed to the educational achievement of black And brown youth. To date participants have been awarded over $11 million in scholarships offers as a direct result of contributions from State Farm there eating wall broke. We hear inspiring rags to richest stories on each episode from our guests. But with State Farm, you can begin to write your own success story. State. Farm believes that being better neighbors creates better communities. And have a long lasting impact. Like a good neighbor. State Farm is there.


You could sit there And, listen to ads. Or you could take a moment to have a Diet Coke break. First, grab a chill diet Coke. 'cause if you want It to be perfect, It needs to be crispy. Next, get a big cup of ice. 'cause everyone knows Diet Coke is best served. Swimming And ice, then sip It slowly. Feel That burn And. Enjoy your break for as long as possible. When you need a break, don't forget to grab an ice cold Diet Coke And, take a Diet Coke break.


This is Coke Zero sugar. Could I be the best Coke ever? Try And. Taste with your ears here. Those bubbles, imagine them tingling on your top busy deliciousness. Listen to That Cascading Liquid. A mouthwatering waterfall. Irresistibly tasty, zero sugar, crisp, refreshing. And ice. Gold is Coke. Zero sugar the best Coke ever. Try And. Decide


Juba looking for excitement. Chumba Casino is here. Play anytime. Play anywhere. Play on the train, play AT the store. Play AT Home Play when you're bored, play today for your chance to win. And. Get daily bonuses when you log in. So what are you waiting for or don't delay? Chumba Casino is free to play Experience social gameplay like never before. Go to Chumba Casino right now to play hundreds of games, including online slots. Bingo, Slingo And, More. Live the Chumba life. AT chumba casino.com. btw group. No purchase necessary board. Were prohibited by loss. Sea terms, And conditions, 18 plus.


Big names. Unless they're performing And, then They dipping. But he was there because he was receiving an award. He Ain't just the Hip hop awards. Most, most major black superstars don't come to Black Award shows. know And. Why I? Why I don't know. But They They, don't we? Especially we I do know. 'cause They think white ice is cold. Especially The like Travis Scott, the the huge names. Right? So he won the I Am Hiphop Award. That was presented to him by Tiana Taylor. Along with Tyler. Let's take a listen to his speech First. Thank God I'm nothing without him. You know, I come from this generation where They considered us nowhere near like hip hop, quote unquote And every day. I try to like push the sound. And coming in as like a producer. Nobody, Knew, What I, Was, Trying, To, Do. But I always had this idea. And I had this vision still to this day, just to take the sound And take things just to the next level.


And, I'm just so glad That, we made It this far. I'm actually going to go do MetLife stadium tomorrow. And, that's actually crazy. And I. Just want to let everybody know where you come from doesn't really matter. Just what goes on in your brain can take you to the next level. And Beyond And with true focus. And true Drive And with real surroundings. You can go wherever you want to go. When the last time you heard Travis Scott talk Last year, AT no know last year AT the iHeart Radio Music Festival. Okay, when I spoke to him, I, I couldn't even remember the la No. I mean like That though. Like a public speech. I've never Don don't even remember a time ever hearing That. So I was, Man You know what's so funny? When They called me to interview Travis Scott a couple of years ago, I thought the same thing.


I was like, he talks Like I've never heard him talk. Know I thought he was like a, a mute. Like, like he can only talk in the booth or something. Like he can't talk out in the street. But nah, he can talk. He's a good dude. And You know what's so funny, They. He said he, he was going to do MetLife Stadium. So this mean They recorded just a while ago, Know They recorded I. Think It was like a week or two ago. So you had two weeks to promote And. You ain't promote And. We still didn't know It was on. I'm gonna look up what date. But They. But I It definitely was pre-recorded, but also too breakthrough Hip hop artists. Sexy Red won I. Thought That was Fire. I was AT the hip hop awards in Atlanta a few years ago. Remember she had That viral moment where she was dancing in the crowd. But like They played her song, but she wasn't actually a part of the awards. So from then until now, just to see how Big Sexy has gotten, It is like fire to see what else?


Oh, best Hip Hop platform. Breakfast Club was nominated for this arena of things, but we didn't win. I turned the off. What Club? Sheha won. You can clap for Club Sheha Know. Drop off on Club Know Club Sheha won Best hiphop platform. 50 cent. One Hustler of the Year. Very. we deserved Missy Elliot won Best Live Performer. Also, of course, very, we deserved They. Were also a big, a bunch of really good performances last night. One That I enjoyed very thoroughly was Trina. She performed And. She brought out Young Miami on the stage. Let's take a listen. Let's I I.


Hope you got I. Wanna, let's go. Snap know, shove It down. Hey, because I could make It make It. know You know how You know how And not to spin a ride. And, keep It I love That song Man. Drop on a Clues Ball. Trina I love That song legend Love you hear me? Legend Jen I got Trina's book right now I'm, I'm actually about to start reading Trina Trina's new book. Actually, I just finished It. It was great. I love the baddest I love Trina. I like Trina I me And. My group chat always say Trina raised this. So reading her book, I'm like, man, That That might be the problem. Whoa. Read her. Read her book. And I think you'll think otherwise. She's such a we balanced Bad.


Like what? Don't play with her. She's I Love Trina. Salute the Trina. I got I got nothing but the absolute respect for Trina. And You. know what I wanna say something about the hip hop platform thing? I. Think That. They need to change the name the cultural platform. Because the reality is most of these platforms You know, don't just focus on hip hop. And, And a a platform like Club Shehe. That's not even a hip hop centric platform. You understand what I'm saying? I like you can have platform, you can have platforms like You know Breakfast Club or You know Sway or I. Don't even remember who else was nominated. But where, where we're hip hop centric platforms. That have conversations with a whole multitude of different people. Shahe is not even a hip hop centric, PLA centric platform. So I think It should be cultural platform.


And And. He would still win That this year, by the way. know he, He had a big year. But the the, to answer your question, And hip hop awards were prerecorded on October 8th. Y'all had all That time to promote And. Y'all ain't promote BE T. we since October, what's the, what's today's date y'all had a week? Today is October 16th, but AT least now it's trending. Trina's performance is trending. So shout out to Trina. So You know. Okay know that's the end of the mess. know. Can we play Mar Trina? What we gotta do right now, We actually have to get Ready for front page news. I'm swallowing some oatmeal right now. That's why I ain't gonna brushing my teeth yet. Pause, because I had to do some breakfast. Why is That a pause? I'm swallowing oatmeal.


I. Just I. Just Don. Don't know you swallowing after Trina. So big To be back up with. Be back next with front page news. And. We'll be sitting down with Madame Vice President Kamala Harris. We'll be playing That conversation back from yesterday. So It don't go anywhere. It's The. Breakfast Club. know it's s Most Dangerous Morning Show The Breakfast Club Charlemagne. tha God. Lauren Osa. DJ Envy is out today. Jess hilarious is still on maternity leave. But it's time for front page news with Morgan Wood. Good morning Morgan. Good morning. Good morning. So know former President Trump. He took part in an economic forum in Chicago before heading to Georgia to tape a Fox News Town Hall with an audience of women. That will air AT 11:00 AM today. Now while in Chicago, he sat down for an interview with Bloomberg News And, the Economic Club of Chicago.


And said if elected, he will bring companies back to the US. And implement what he calls strong tariffs. Let's hear More from former President Trump. We're Gonna bring the companies back. We're gonna lower taxes still further for companies. That are going to make their product in the USA. We're going to protect those companies with strong tariffs. 'cause I'm a believer in tariffs. But tariffs are two, two things. If you look AT It, number one is for protection of the companies. That. We have here. And, the new companies. That will move in because we're gonna have thousands of companies coming into this country. We're gonna grow It like it's never grown before. I'm not the highest grade of weed in the dispensary. So when I keep hearing somebody talk about something, I have to look It up.


So I'm always hearing about these tariffs. Tariffs. Do we understand That? A tariff is basically a sales tax raising the price of almost Everything. That. We buy And, we pay those tariffs. Like tariffs aren't paid by other countries. They're paid by us. The consumer. Do we know this? we They taught That in Social studies. I remember? No. Okay. I didn't know. And in a minute from some social studies collapse. we, despite That polls have shown That. Voters believe Trump would handle the economy better than Harris if elected, despite data historically showing That, the con economy has Don better under a democratic, under the Democratic party. Now, former President Trump's rally on, he has sped the rally in Detroit.


On Friday, he will be in Huntington place. He's scheduled to speak AT the center AT 7:00 PM And doors will open AT 3:00 PM Of course, vice president Kamala Harris will also be in the area campaigning on Friday. And Oakland County. Voters will decide between the two And less than three weeks. Of course You know Michigan remains one of those battleground states, but have recently, historically have voted blue. Switching gears though. Oh, Oh, real quick. Morgan I wanna say too, being in Detroit all day yesterday, when I tell you people from Detroit are pissed off about Donald Trump's comments That he made last week when he said, oh, You know if, if the vice president becomes President, Detroit will be I. Mean America Detroit. It'll end up like Detroit.


Detroit. Oh, oh man, salute Detroit from so fresh, so clean. Barbershop I had a conversation with him about It. I had a conversation. I had a conversation with a lot of people about That. One line yesterday, And They did not appreciate That AT, all a Detroit. What up though? Alright, we, let's switch gears to something just a little More sad, but let's go ahead. And continue to say her name. Breonna Taylor. Jury selection is underway in the retrial of a former Louisville, Kentucky police officer charged in connection with the death of Breonna Taylor. Brett Hankerson was part of the 2020 raid on Taylor's apartment. When Taylor's boyfriend, thinking he was being robbed, fired a shot. And hit the officer in the leg, police returned fire killing Taylor Hankinson didn't shoot Taylor, but allegedly fired blindly into the apartment because he said he thought his fellow officers were being executed.


Hankinson is charged with civil rights violations, And, using excessive force. It's the third time he will face trial for this raid. He was acquitted of state charges. And, an earlier federal case was dismissed when the jury couldn't reach a verdict. So here we go again. Let's say her name. Breonna Taylor And. Bringing things home to New York City. E Mayor Eric Adams is denying, knowing much about the vacation to Japan involving two of his senior staffers who had their phones seized upon their return from That Trip. Adams says he doesn't ask where or whom his staffers travel. Let's hear More from Eric Adams. I. Do not sit down with my staffers. And say, before you go on vacations, you need to tell me who you're going on with.


And. You need to let me know where you're going. I, don't do That. Believe It or not, what people do in their personal private time. Is, is, is is on them. And, normally I. Don't ask my staffers. If They come in, And say, Hey, I'm going to Bermuda you. You wanna gimme a couple of bucks to get you some Bermuda Ru And You know They went to Bermuda Adam's, chief advisor, Ingrid Lewis. Martin And, deputy Commissioner for Real Estate Services. Jesse Hamilton had their personal devices seized AT JFK last month in connection to the Manhattan DA's office's investigation into possible corruption involving the city's commercial leases. According to the New York Times, They apparently traveled with a lobbyist who had recently lobbied for Hamilton And, the VP of the commercial real estate services firm.


Kushman. And Wakefield the firm. That helps the city secure such leases. Now, when asked to confirm That, no city funds were spent on That trip to Japan, Adam said It was not sponsored by the city. So Adam's con, he continues to hold It down. And say, Hey, You. know what I'm saying? This, this, this wasn't me. This was them. Y'all talked to them. And, if we have time for one More I, just wanna let you guys know That, after a review of don't ask, don't tell policy. The defense department is now honorably discharging about 800 service members. The 1993 policy That allowed LGB, T Q individuals to serve as long as They didn't publicly state their sexual orientation or gender identity was repealed in 2011. Now, the Pentagon launched a review last year of lgbtq plus service members records who were discharged with less than honorable status.


And honorable discharge status allows for benefits for some of those VE veterans. So shout out to the LGBTQIA a plus whatever you identify as whoever you identify as for serving our country. I, don't care who You know how you identify because AT, the end of the day, my punk, but is not gonna do It And. So I salute you. And I Hope That, you will be able to get That Honorable status if you were discharged with less than Honorable Status. Know you, you, you can't identify as a veteran. You either are or You know. Okay? You either serve this country or you didn't. So salute to all our veterans out there. Absolutely. So that's your front page news. I'm Morgan Wood. You can follow me on social AT Morgan Media. M-O-R-G-Y-N-M-E-D I a And from More News Coverage Follow AT Black Information Network And.


Download the free iHeartRadio app. Visit b I news.com. Talk to y'all later. Happy hump day. Thank. Thank you Morgan. When we come back, we will be playing back some portions of my audio town hall That I had with the Vice President Kamala Harris yesterday. We had an audio town hall called We the People. Okay, And, if you missed It, we'll be getting It back on for you right now. So don't go anywhere. It's the world's most dangerous morning show. The Breakfast Club The Breakfast Club. Yes, it's the World most dangerous morning show. The Breakfast Club Charlemagne tha God here. Now yesterday You know we had our audio town hall with the Vice President Kamala Harris. We titled It. We the people in Audio town hall with Kamala Harris.


Charlemagne tha God And. You And That went down yesterday in Detroit. So we're gonna get It back on for you right now. It's the world's most dangerous morning show. The Breakfast Club. Peace to the plan is Charlemagne tha God here with Madame Vice President Kamala Harris. How are you? Very, We Charlemagne, how you doing? Listen, we got 20 days And, 60 minutes. So we just need to get to It. I'm with you. Although it's 21 days. How are you? 'cause you did, you did just walk in. You was, you was kind of late. So I'm very, we we I try to be on time. That, we apparently I'm 40 seconds late. You're right. We you are black, so, okay. Okay. Now know You know one thing they've been saying. A lot of your press hits get criticized. You know folks say you come off as very scripted. They say you like to stick to your talking points. And, some media says you have That Would be called discipline.


Ooh. Okay. Speak to That, but Go on. No I. I was gonna say, some people say you have an inability to fearlessly say who you are. And what you believe. You know that's not true. But what? But what do you say to That Criticism And. There's a fear for SNL to make fun of It. Hasn't Maya Rudolph been wonderful? Yes. I. Think I I have nothing but admiration for the comedy. And. I think it's, it's important to be able to laugh. AT yourself, And each other. But what do you say to people? Say You in the, in the spirit of, of obviously comedy And not belittling people, as my opponent would do. But what do, but what do you say to people who say you, you stay on the talking points. I would say you're Welcome. The reality is That. There are certain things That must be repeated to ensure That I have everyone know what I stand for.


And. The issues That I think are AT stake in this election. And. So It requires repetition. You know some people say That AT. If until someone has heard the same thing AT least three times, It just doesn't stay with you. So repetition is important. And for That. Reason. Yes. AT, my rallies I say the same thing when I go to Detroit as I do in Philly as I do wherever I am to make sure That people here And And receive what I think are some of the most critical issues. That are AT stake in this election. There there has to be a a high level of anxiety too. When you have these conversations though, 'cause you are running for president I mean You. know what? There's certainly a lot of I I feel the weight of the moment. And, my role I feel an extraordinary weight of responsibility right now to do Everything.


I can, I'm telling you Charlamagne, when I go to bed, AT night, I I almost every night in addition to my prayers will ask, have I Don Everything I could do today? Hmm. This is a margin of error. Race. It's tight. I'm gonna win, I'm gonna win. But it's tight. And You know what is AT stake is truly profound. And al And historics. Many would say And, it's about You. know some people would say this lofty notion of of s of supporting And And preserving our democracy. But It It is about real issues. That affect people every day. Like whether we're gonna maintain a $35 cap on insulin for our seniors.


Whether we're gonna continue to allow Medicare And to negotiate drug prices to bring them down. Whether we are going to have, as my opponent would have a formalized stop And frisk policy for which he has said, if a police department does not do It, They should be defunded or not. There is so much AT stake whether America's gonna stand on its principles around the importance of sovereignty. And territorial integrity, And stand with our allies around the World or whether we're gonna admire dictators. And send during the height of Covid in the pandemic Covid tests That. Nobody could get to the president of Russia for his personal use when black people were dying every day by the hundreds during That time.


Know I feel like That one, That one has gone over people's heads. The fact That, he was sending Covid test to Putin. I mean You. know I invite I. Don't your listeners, the people we know the number of people who lost their grandparents. And parents remember what That was like during the height of Covid And. A lot of It people were scrambling for the resources. And needed tests. And Donald Trump during That time secretly sent Covid tests to the president of Russia. Who by the way, do not forget in the 2016 election, 'cause I was a member of the Senate Intelligence committee when we, when we investigated It targeted black voters in 2016 with missing And disinformation to discourage black people from voting in That election.


And And. This is just another of the very many examples of who Donald Trump really is. know And And. The danger he presents know to real people. Sending covid test to Russia. That doesn't sound very America first AT all but, but it's not just you versus Trump, it's you versus misinformation. Yes, that's true, right? And And, one of the biggest know pieces of misinformation. One of the biggest allegations against you is That. You targeted And locked up thousands of of black men in San Francisco for weed. Some say you did It to boost your career. Some say you did It outta pure hate for black men. Please tell us the facts. What's the facts of That situation? It's just simply not true. And in what public defenders who are around those days will tell you. I was the most progressive prosecutor in California on marijuana cases.


And would not send people to jail for simple po possession of weed. And as vice president have been a champion for bringing marijuana down on the schedule. So instead of It being ranked up there with heroin, we bring It down And, my pledges as President I will work on decriminalizing It because You know exactly how those laws have been used to disproportionately impact certain populations. And specifically black men. Okay, let's take some we not call. Let's go to the talk back feature. My question for Kamala is why are we And? I say we, because my tax dollars is sending the money. Why are we sending money to other countries when we desperately need It in our own country for homeless housing resources, for whatever.


That is my determining factor if I vote for Kamala or not. That's, that's one of the reasons the America first rhetoric resonates. 'cause nobody in America would complain about where money was going if American citizens everyday needs were being met. So what? What do you say to That? We can do It. All And. We do. Hmm. So first of all, I maintain very strongly. America should never pull ourselves away from our responsibility as The World leader And That is in the best interest of our national security And. Each one of us as Americans, And our standing in the World. That being said, we also have an obligation to American citizens. Obviously And people who are here to meet their everyday needs And challenges.


Which is why, for example, we have Don the work in the last four years of bringing down the cost of prescription medication. Whether It be $35 a month for seniors for for insulin or $2,000 a year cap on prescription medication. What we have, Don That has been about putting $17 billion in our HBCUs. I am proud to be the first HBCU Vice president of the United States. I intend to be the first HBCU president, okay. Of the United States. Those resources are about sending them to centers of academic excellence. That You know them to be the work That I continue to do is about increasing access to capital. For our small businesses, It is about increasing the opportunity for home ownership.


Knowing That black people are 40% less likely to be homeowners. In America, we have a history of legal And, And And procedural obstacles to That home ownership. Starting with the fact nobody got 40 acres. And a mule to redlining, to to issues. That this Detroit area, And people around the country know to be real. So part of my plan is That. We're gonna give people a $25,000 down payment assistance to get their foot in the door to buy a home. For first time home buyers. The work That I'm gonna do to increase


the World is constantly changing. It's up to you to decide how to respond. Choose to be bold to try something new. Choose to reinvent yourself. That's what Nissan did with the all new totally reimagined kicks. The dynamic new exterior styling immediately announces That Nissan isn't messing around the interior. A completely redesigned cabin with premium features like wireless Apple call play And. A panoramic moonroof make driving a kicks immersive And exciting And with new performance And safety feature. Like intelligent all-wheel drive the kicks is both fun. And safer to drive than ever before. It is the dawning of a brand new era for the Nissan kicks. Only one question remains is It a new error for you as we drive the all new Reimagined Nissan kicks today Available features compatible device service And consumer activation of Nissan Connect services Package required use only when safe And legal subject to third party service availability for More information, see Nissan usa.com/connect/legal Apple CarPlay is a trademark of AppleLink intelligent all-wheel drive cannot prevent collisions or provide enhanced traction in all conditions. Always monitor traffic, And weather conditions.


Seeing our communities grow And thrive is something we care deeply about here. AT Black Tech Green Money State. Farm Insurance also cares about the growth of black communities. They're actively investing in programs, And initiatives. That help provide financial literacy, give early career advice. And grow black-owned businesses, thus leading to generational wealth, which helps protect the future of our communities. We wanna build a future That we all can be proud of. State Farm understands That representation alone doesn't equate to authenticity. It also requires active sponsorship of programs like the Axo. A year long program. That recognizes And rewards high school students for their academic And cultural achievements along with funding programs like Project Ready, a National Urban League program committed to educational achievement of black And. Brown youth That has awarded over $11 million in scholarship offers to date State Farm believes that being better neighbors creates better communities. And can have a long lasting impact. Like a good neighbor. State Farm is there.


You could sit there And, listen to ads, or you could take a moment to have a Diet Coke break. First, grab a chill diet Coke. 'cause if you want It to be perfect, It needs to be crispy. Next, get a big cup of ice. 'cause everyone knows Diet Coke is best served. Swimming And ice then sip It slowly. Feel That burn And. Enjoy your break for as long as possible. When you need a break, don't forget to grab an ice cold. Diet Coke And, take a Diet Coke break.


This is Coke Zero sugar. Could I be the best Coke ever? Try And taste with your ears. Hear those bubbles. Imagine them tingling on your top busy deliciousness. Listen to That Cascading Liquid. A mouthwatering waterfall. Irresistibly tasty, zero sugar crisp, refreshing. And ice gold. Ah, is coke zero sugar the best Coke ever? Try And decide.


Hey, it's Ryan Seacrest. Life comes AT you fast, which is why it's important to find some time to relax a little. You time enter Chumba Casino with no download required. You can jump on any time anywhere for the chance to redeem some serious prizes. So treat yourself with Chumba Casino And. Play over a hundred online casino style games, all for free. Go to chumba casino.com to collect your free Welcome bonus sponsored by Chumba Casino. No purchase necessary VGW Group Void. Were prohibited by law. 18 plus terms And conditions. Apply


housing Supply in America. Knowing That. That's one of the reasons That rents. And housing prices are jacked up. And to work with the private sector. Cut through the red tape. And work to build More housing. 3 million before the end of my first term. And I. Give these examples. And. There are many More which I will offer. So, for example, the work That I will do to extend the child tax credit to $6,000 for young families during the first year of their child's life. 'cause as you And I, both know our families all have a natural desire to parent their children. we, but not always the resources. So by expanding the child tax credit to the first year of child's life, to $6,000 That gives That young family the ability to buy a car seat or a crib or clothes.


The things That are so important during That critical phase of That child's development. So That They can get on the road. And actually have a chance, AT succeeding. All right. When we come back, we will be playing More from my audio town hall with the Vice President Kamala Harris That. We did live from Detroit yesterday. Okay. It's The Breakfast. Club. Yes. It's the world's most dangerous morning show. The Breakfast. Club Charlemagne tha God here. Now, yesterday, You know we had our audio town hall with the Vice President Kamala Harris. We titled It. We the people in Audio town hall with Kamala Harris. Charlemagne. tha God And. You And That went down yesterday in Detroit. So we're gonna get It back on for you right now. It's the world's most dangerous morning show. The Breakfast. Club. Have you seen the clip?


Madame Vice President from the Grill? It's, it's, it's a clip that's kind of outta context. And It says That, you won't do anything specifically for black people. Have you seen That? Have You I've not seen That. We, it's, it's a clip. That has you saying That you, you're not going to do anything specifically for black people. We, that's just not true. And And. Listen again. You said It. AT. The beginning of this visit. Charlemagne, one of the biggest challenges That I face is missing And. Disinformation. And. It's purposeful because It is meant to convince people That They somehow should not believe That the work That I have Don has, has occurred.


And has meaning. My work from the beginning of my career through today has been about, for example, we've talked about It. Whether It be on HBCUs, whether It be on healthcare, black maternal mortality, I am singularly, many would say, one of the highest level leaders in our country to bring the issue of black maternal mortality to the stage of the White House to address It the work. That I've Don That has been about focusing on my knowledge, And my experience, And my life experience of knowing the entrepreneurship That we have in the community. The ambition, the aspirations, the dreams, And then tapping into That. So That. Not only has my work been about ensuring That, we have some of the lowest black unemployment ever in our country.


But That also knowing That That should be a baseline. That. Everybody has a job. And. What we should be invested in is also building wealth in the community. And intergenerational wealth. And I have many, many examples of That. But again, part of the challenge That I face is That. They are trying to scare people away because They know They otherwise have nothing to run on. Ask Donald Trump what his plan is for black America. Ask him what You know. I'll tell you what It is. Look, AT Project 2025, project 2025 tells you the plan includes making police departments have stop And frisk policies.


The plan includes making It More difficult for workers to receive overtime pay. The plan includes ending the ability of Medicare to negotiate drug prices. You know what we have Don. He said he would, we did, which means That. That's how we brought down the cost of prescription medication. His plan includes making It More difficult for working people to get by And to destroy our democracy. You know what he says he'll do terminate the Constitution of the United States. That's right. Let me remind folks. You know what's in the Constitution of the United States. The Fourth Amendment, which protects you against unreasonable searches, And, seizures, the Fifth Amendment, the Sixth Amendment, the 14th Amendment, And.


He's gonna terminate the Constitution of the United States, which in most of those amendments, one thing or another, was about a movement spurred by black people to ensure That we would be equally protected under the law. Before We go to another talk, talkback call I, wanna say there, there was a time I had a politician tell me once That, if you're running for a national election, it's bad electoral strategy to say you are gonna do things specifically for black people. Which is why a lot of politicians don't speak directly to their plans for black people. Is That a thing? Don? Don't Don don't know That. That's true. I. Think That. What is true is That. I am running to be a president for everybody. But I'm clear-eyed about the, the, the history.


And the disparities That exist for specific communities. And, I'm not gonna shy away from That. It doesn't mean That. My policies aren't gonna benefit everybody. 'cause They are Everything I just talked about. we benefit everybody. Small business owners, whatever their race, their age, their gender, their geographic location are gonna benefit from the fact That. I'm gonna extend tax deductions to $50,000 every first time homeowner, wherever They are, whatever their race will benefit. If They are first time home buyer with a $25,000 down payment assistance, everyone is gonna benefit from my plan to extend the child tax credit to $6,000 for the first year of their child's life. That's gonna benefit everybody. But I do realize, again, That on the issue of home ownership.


For example, black people are 40% less likely to own a home. So do you You know? Do do you feel like President Obama stepped on your rollout? Because You know you've been working on this blackmail agenda for, for a long time. And, you've been doing the, the, the outreach You know with your was the opportunity Economy tour know And things like That You know, but then he made the statements That he made last week. So everybody thinks this is a reaction to That. Oh, No, no, no, no. I mean you just have to. No, obviously not. I've been doing this for quite some time, including before I was running for president. Let's go to talk back. Eddie. Hi, I'm Bobby from Georgia. And. I have a question for Kamala Harris, could you please respond to Trump's claim? That, he's going to use the Alien Enemies Act of 1798 to round up immigrants if he wins the election.


This law was last used to put Asian Americans in internment camps during World war. I, I, And, I have a sneaking suspicion That. If Trump wins, he's gonna use this law to put anyone. That doesn't look white in camps. And, I'm scared. Mm Know. So you've hit on a really important point. And expressed It I. Think so we, which is he is achieving his intended effect to make you scared. He is running full-time on a campaign. That is about instilling fear, not about hope, not about optimism, not about the future, but about fear And. So this is yet another example.


Look what he did in saying That. Those legal immigrants in Springfield, Ohio were eating their pets. He And And. By the way, the hypocrisy of It abounds because on the issue of immigration, let's be clear, some of the most conservative members of the United States Congress working with others, came up with a border of security Bill, which was the strongest, toughest border security bill. In a long, long time. It would've put 1500 More border agents. AT the border It would've reduced the flow of Fentanyl into our country, which is killing people all over our country. Of every race. And background It would've allowed us to do More work on prosecuting transnational criminal organizations, which I have Don in my career.


Trump got word That That. Bill was afoot. Knew It would fix a problem. And told his buddies in Congress to kill the bill. And You know why. 'cause he would prefer to run on a problem instead of fixing a problem. And, he's running his campaign in a way, That. He does these rallies where people, by the way, walk out. And does these rallies to try And instill fear around an issue where he actually could be part of a solution, but he chose not to. 'cause he prefers to run on a problem instead of fix a problem. And, we gotta call It out And. See It for what It is. Alright, When we come back, we will be playing More from my audio town hall with the vice president Kamala Harris That. We did live from Detroit yesterday.


Okay? It's The. Breakfast. Club. Yes. It's the world's most dangerous morning show. The Breakfast. Club Charlemagne tha God. Here. Now yesterday You know we had our audio town hall with the vice president Kamala Harris. We titled It. We the people in audio town hall with Kamala Harris. Charlemagne. tha God And. You And That went down yesterday in Detroit. So we're gonna get It back on for you right now. It's the world's most dangerous morning to show The Breakfast Club I. I. Before we go to talk back, I want us to say something else? I, don't feel like the Biden administration has treated Trump like a real threat to democracy. And. That's why America doesn't realize how much of a threat he is. It's one thing to say It, but you have to act on It. Don't you believe Merrick Garland should have moved faster to put Donald Trump in prison for leading an attempt to cool this country. The Department of Justice is It has independence in terms of how They make those decisions as They should And.


Let's also be very clear. Donald, what do you think we Noel No I. Donald Trump has been very clear. That, he would weaponize the Department of Justice against his political enemies. He has been very clear. That. He would take out the independent folks who are in there. And put in there instead his loyalist. So understand again, you talk about, 'cause this brings It back to exactly your point about threats to the, to our democracy. Donald Trump. Donald Trump would go into the Department of Justice. And manipulate It in such a way. That It would be used as a weapon against his political enemies. know He's gonna lock y'all up if he gets back in office. we, By the way, he's gonna, you should look AT his words I. Don't think That you as a journalist should, should feel so, so You know That.


Sure That, he know oh hundred percent I'm outta here. Journalists, judges, others. And You know who does That. Dictators do That. Other countries do That, which is say That. You're gonna send as he has the military to go. And, And, And suppress peaceful protestors. That happens in other countries. That's not supposed to happen in America. So do understand when this man says what he says, how That would play out in real time. So Why is It okay for him to say He'll lock up his political opponents. But it's not okay for y'all to say he should be in prison when he's actually committed crimes. Oh, I've been very clear. I. Think That. The, the court should handle That.


And. I'm gonna handle November. The court should handle That. Okay, let's go to talk back. Daddy. What we got? Yes. President Harris, our men And women in the military are sent to foreign countries to fight for their freedom. Win or lose. Donald Trump has promised to seek revenge. My question is, will our military be there to fight for our freedom after the election? Should Trump start another insurrection? Mm Mm we you raised a profound point. That is very much a part of this election cycle in terms of what the American people have a choice right now. So January 6th, Donald Trump incited a violent mob to try And, undo the will of the people.


And undo the results of a free And fair election. That violent mom attacked the United States capitol. Over 140 law enforcement officers were injured. Some of them were killed. And. He has said since then, That, there will be a bloodbath after this election. He has on your point about the military referred to members of our military as suckers, And losers. Which is why, by the way, do see the number of military leaders who worked under his administration who are supporting me. And I will point out what everyone knows, which is That. The people who worked the closest with Donald Trump when he was president, worked with him in the Oval Office, saw him AT play in the situation room.


His chief of staff, two secretaries of defense, his national security advisor, And, his former vice president, have all said he is dangerous. And unfit to serve. Mark Millie, the former chairman of the Joint. Chiefs of staff most recently articulated exactly That Point, And. Again, You know the, here's Charlemagne. One of the things That I think is really ironic. But AT play Donald Trump through his, his way of trying to name call And demean. And Divide tries to project as though those things are a sign of strength. When in fact the man is really quite weak.


He's weak. It's a sign of weakness. That, you wanna please dictators? And seek their flattery And favor. It's a sign of weakness. That, you would demean America's military And, America's service members. It's a sign of weakness. That, you don't have the courage to stand up for the constitution of the United States. And the principles upon which It stands. This man is weak. And. He's unfit. Hmm. So why is everybody sitting around acting like Donald Trump isn't gonna plan to steal this election if he loses like You know Republican officials won't certify the results of the election. We know it's Donald Trump's Supreme Court. Why are people acting like this is gonna be a free And, fair election?


And. He won't try to steal It. We, but those are two different points. Okay, so It will be a free And fair election. If we the American people stand up for That. You know I I See It as this I. Think That there. Democracy has, it's like two points of nature. One, there's a, a, a, a fact about a democracy That, when It is intact. It the strength That It possesses in terms of the protection of people's individual rights. And liberties. When a democracy is intact, we protect your rights. And, your liberties strength. Democracy is also very fragile. It will only be as strong as our willingness. We the people to fight for It, And, That as much as anything is what's AT play in this election?


Fight for our democracy. Flawed. Though It is imperfect, though It may be because there are very two real paths right now. The man has told you he intend to terminate the constitution. The man has told you all these things about his disregard. And disrespect for your freedoms. And liberty, including the right of a woman to make decisions about her own body. And, he hand selected three members of the United States Supreme Court with the intention, They would do exactly what They did. One outta three women in America lives in a, a state with the Trump abortion ban. You know every state except Virginia in the south has an abortion ban. You know where the majority of black women live in the south. know in those same states, That have some of the highest rates of black maternal mortality.


And, They wanna strut around talking about this is in the interest of women And, children And. They've been silent on an issue like black maternal mortality. But You know the people are aware. And clear-eyed And. I do believe That on election day. And. Early voting in Michigan starts in four days. People are gonna go to the polls. And, they're gonna vote to stand up for these principles. And to stand up for their rights to freedom. And liberty. And to live And. Just be free to be I. Believe That. Mm. And. But, but, but back to Detroit can. So can you imagine you go to a city And, you say you want the votes of those people.


And, then you de disparage the city. Damn. And, that's what he did in Detroit And. He has a tendency to mention cities. That either have a historically black majority population. That's right. Or a black mayor. That's Right. And. That's what he did. He only did That to Detroit because Detroit is 78% black And. He doesn't want America to look like That. Madame Vice president. Thank you. We gotta do this again. We're Don, We only according to iHeart. You wanna keep going? Okay. I got More questions for you. But thank you I. Appreciate you Charlemagne. Thank you Spirit. That's my spirit animal. Gloria. Hallelujah. Woods. Okay, I go by the name of Charlemagne tha God. This is the world's most dangerous morning show. The, Breakfast Club. DJ Envy is off today.


Jess hilarious is on maternity leave. So it's just I And ll Cool babe. Lauren LaRosa And. It's time for Jess to mess with Lauren LaRosa. Your Is real weather. Jessica Robin Moore. Just don't do no lying. Don, She Don't spare nobody Worldwide. Jess World wide mess on The. Breakfast Club. She's the coaches with Lauren. Lauren LaRosa back. And. I got the mess. Talk to me. Charla, you sat down with VP Harris yesterday. AT the, the town. I didn't just played It. Yes, we just played It It. So you guys And also you could watch on The, Breakfast Club YouTube channel as we too. Top two moments for you from the interview.


Top two moments for me. Drop one of clues bombs from my guy Zeke from New era I really enjoyed Zeke's question. I I enjoyed all the brothers from Zeke's, from from Detroit's questions. But I enjoyed Zeke's question a lot. And, I, Don. Don't know I. Gotta think about It. I Zeke is the first one. That comes to mind though, but I gotta think about the other one. So for me, who you got for me? It was the black church conversation when you asked her why doesn't she speak directly to black people With Pastor Ken Lock. Yes. Reverend Solomon, Ken Lock Jr. Yes. The reparations question. Even though I feel like she still didn't directly answer, but I think It was good to hear her say It should be studied. The Trump being locked up. I love how she was like, I'm gonna let the court handle That like baby, I'm gonna let them take care of That.


The I had a lot of, of of moments. That. I love from It. I I wanted to play right now though out of the interview, the border pushback because a lot of people give her so much flack for what happened. AT the border. And I think That It was good. How you pushed back on the question And how she had to answer It. Let's take a listen. Does, doesn't the Biden administration have to take some blame for the border though? A lot of the blame because I mean the first three years, y'all did get a lot of things wrong with the border. No Charlemagne within hours of being inaugurated. The first bill we passed before we did the inflation reduction act. Before we did the bipartisan Infrastructure Act, before we did the, the the Safer Communities Act to deal with gun violence. First thing we dropped was a bill to fix the broken immigration system.


Which by the way, Trump did not fix when he was president. You can look AT every step along the way. We then tightened up the the asylum application process. We then worked with what we needed to do to secure ports of entry. We did a number of things, including what we did to try And get That border of security. Bill passed And. Then also an executive order. That has actually reduced significantly the number of illegal crossings. And And tightened up what needs to happen in between ports of entry. Now I like the hearing her in this interview talk about the border because even the way she said your name, And opening of That response. It was like, y'all better stop playing with me. I'm tired of having to tell y'all this.


I And I. Think That That energy. And That aggression is needed from her right now. And And. we You know That. Go ahead. There's another part of the conversation where I even said to her, why do you not push back on them labeling you the borders are because everybody thinks that's her job. That's actually not her job. Like Biden deputized her with a diplomatic mission to evaluate the factors That cause people to leave their home countries in the first place. The Secretary of Homeland Security, whose name I can't pronounce, ALA Ali. Alessandro Mayorca. He's the person. That manages the border. So how she's become the fall person for the border. I I Don't know. You know you. So we That we have That clip. Let's take a listen. Congress has to act to fix the immigration system.


And It has been broken for a long time. Congress has to act, but It does not help. When finally a bar bipartisan group got together to fix It And. Donald Trump told them, hold on, don't do That. 'cause It won't.


The World is constantly changing. It's up to you to decide how to respond. Choose to be bold to try something new. Choose to reinvent yourself. That's what Nissan did with the all new totally reimagined kicks The dynamic new exterior styling immediately announces That Nissan isn't messing around the interior. A completely redesigned cabin with premium features like wireless Apple call play And. A panoramic moonroof make driving a kicks immersive And exciting And with new performance And safety features. Like intelligent all-wheel drive. The kicks is both fun. And safer to drive than ever before. It is the dawning of a brand new era for the Nissan kicks. Only one question remains is It a new error for you as we drive the all new Reimagined Nissan kicks today Available Features compatible device service And consumer activation of Nissan Connect services package required use only when safe And legal subject to third party service availability For More information, see Nissan usa.com/connect/legal Apple CarPlay. A trademark of Apple Link Intelligent all wheel drive cannot prevent collisions or provide enhanced traction in all conditions. Always monitor traffic, And weather conditions.


Seeing our communities grow And Thrive is something we care deeply about here. AT Black Tech Green Money State Farm Insurance also cares about the growth of black communities. They're actively investing in programs, And initiatives. That help provide financial literacy, give early career advice. And grow black-owned businesses, thus leading to generational wealth, which helps protect the future of our communities. We wanna build a future That we all can be proud of. State Farm understands That representation alone doesn't equate to authenticity. It also requires active sponsorship of programs like the Axo, a year long program. That recognizes And rewards high school students for their academic And cultural achievements along with funding programs like Project Ready, a National Urban League program committed to educational achievement of black And. Brown Youth. That has awarded over $11 million in scholarship offers to date State Farm believes that being better neighbors creates better communities. And can have a long lasting impact. Like a good neighbor. State Farm is there.


You could sit there And, listen to ads. Or you could take a moment to have a Diet Coke break. First, grab a chilled diet Coke. 'cause if you want It to be perfect, It needs to be crispy. Next, get a big cup of ice. 'cause everyone knows Diet Coke is best served. Swimming And ice, then sip It slowly. Feel That burn And. Enjoy your break for as long as possible. When you need a break, don't forget to grab an ice cold Diet Coke And, take a Diet Coke break.


This is Coke Zero sugar. Could I be the best Coke ever? Try And taste with your ears. Hear those bubbles. Imagine them tingling on your top busy deliciousness. Listen to That Cascading liquid. A mouthwatering waterfall. Irresistibly tasty, zero sugar, crisp, refreshing And ice. Gold is Coke. Zero sugar the best Coke ever. Try And decide


It can get lonely climbing Mount McKinley. So to entertain myself I, go to chumba casino.com. AT Chumba Casino I could play hundreds of online casino style games for free. Like online slots. Bingo, Slingo And More plus I. Get a daily login bonus. It's just too bad. That up here I. Don't have anyone to share my excitement with. Woo-hoo Woo-hoo Chumba. Live the Tumba life anytime, Anywhere. Play for free now. AT tumba casino.com. btw group, no purchase necessary void prohibited by loss terms. And conditions. 18 plus


It won't help me politically. Why do you allow him to call you the border guard when That, that's not even your That wasn't true. You know. I'm not giving him permission for That. Oh, you're right, but, but I mean you don't push back on It. 'cause That wasn't your, that's not That wasn't your role. What? What Fact Checkers have made That clear. Look, if I responded to every name he called me, I wouldn't be focused on the things. That actually helped the American people. And. That's my focus. And. One of the things I will say too, is in the beginning of the interview, like just as a person, That interviews, I was watching just your strategy on It. I Love how you set the tone from the beginning where she couldn't be scripted if she wanted to in this interview, because you called her out on It early. So It made her have to like really talk And. Even her explanation of so many different things.


I think she talked directly to people. Regular And people were able to get It. One of the things you guys also went into was the disinformation. That is just out there on the internet. One of the biggest things That we saw recently with That was the Janet Jackson conversation where people were saying, oh, Janet Jackson And, her brother allegedly don't support Kamala because Kamala prosecuted Michael Jackson. And You know That whole narrative around her with black men And prosecution. Let's take a listen to That. Quick question. There's a rumor That, Janet Jackson is mad AT you because you prosecuted her brother, the late great Michael Jackson that's on that's on the internet. Clear That up for people. That's just not true. You know, know on either count. Oh, You know. Oh, she's not mad. AT you mean we I mean I. Don't know. I don't know. I have not talked to her. But certainly it's not true about her brother.


And, we all Go ahead. You had to see the look in her eyes. She had no idea what I was talking about. Really? We I I love That for her. Because it'd be, it'd be stuff be so loud on the internet. And I love That. She had no idea. But I will say, this stemmed from, so y'all know we, y'all, I'm talking to the listeners, whoever, And, back in 2003, when Michael Jackson was charged with child molestation And, the administer administering an intoxicating agent. People were saying That because she was the district attorney in San Francisco. And, he was prosecuted or whatever incident Barbara They were trying to connect It to. But she had no direct involvement in That whatsoever. But I thought That That was a good thing. That, you brought That up to her because That was big because of the names involved. But you also brought up Obama.


'cause that's been a big thing as we too, And I think the way you asked the question to her about him stepping on her rollout. I was like, oh, I wanna hear how she answers this? Let's take a listen. Do you Feel like President Obama stepped on your rollout? Because You know you've been working on this black male agenda for a long time. And, you've been doing the, the, the outreach You know with your what was the opportunity Economy tour know And things like That You know, but then he made the statements That he made last week. So everybody thinks this is a reaction to That. Oh, no, no, no, no. I mean you just have to, no, obviously not. I've been doing this for quite some time, including before I was running for president. Love to hear, love to hear That. She's not bothered. But I also think it's important for her to be able to talk about stuff like That, because for a while, a lot of us felt like she couldn't talk about stuff when thing people That are You know before her.


So like the Obamas or the Bidens, when things happen, people feel like she has to stay silent. So I love the fact That, she was just willing to answer And, say no, I didn't care about That. I'm, I'm cool. We good over here Know I. Just know how people would, how people would see That That, That, blackmail agenda, especially after the comments That Obama made. But if you've been paying attention, she's been doing blackmail outreach for a long, long, long, long, long time. And You know for a fact, That They was working on this agenda way before Obama made those, those comments. So And, shout out to Iceberg Zo. I thought he came up. And asked a really good question too. We, we don't have the time to play It, but he had basically asked her like, why now? Like, this all seems fake. Like you just want our vote. And. She clarified what you just said. That They had been working on this stuff.


This is not anything new. And You know we've had him up there. And. He up here, And. He's talked about You know why he's weary of, of politicians And certain things. Man. So I thought That That was great to include him too. Zo told me something after the town hall yesterday. If, if, if that's something he wants to share publicly, he can but know Zo I. I'll just say Zo thoroughly enjoyed the conversation. And You know Velo. Zo was very opinionated about the vice president beforehand for sure. So I want I. I really just wanna drop on a clues bomb for Detroit. Man. Detroit is such a special You know, beautiful black city man. Salute to Reverend Solomon. Ken Lock Jr. Salute to Zeke from New Era Salute to Ice. Where Zo salute to Eric Thomas salute Sharan.


Who's the PD AT. WJLB in Detroit. Salute the Bushman And salute to Chanel. Dominique drop on the cruise bombs for Chanel And And. I I hit Chanel And after to bring a room together. AT some of Detroit's finest And And And. She did That Man. So salute to Chanel And Sharon for really, really putting on for Detroit yesterday. AT the audio town hall. Know. So congratulations on That. My mom said That. This was one of Kamala's best interviews. So And I, think a lot of people feel That way. So shout out to You know you for handling That. we We. That's a mess. we thank you. Cool babe, you're Welcome. I don't trust you when you're nice. I. Really don't. Oh, I almost started to say something, But Oh four after the hour, we need the Indiana State Police to come to the front of the congregation.


We like to have a word within police. It's The. Breakfast, Club. Don't be out here acting like a donkey. Ke high bitch ke high. It's time for Donkey of the day. I'm a big boy. I could take It if he feel I deserve It. Ain't no big deal. You know Charlemagne And guy gonna have some funny sleep. Say all his mouth. Gotta say something you may not agree with. Doesn't mean. I'm mean who's getting That Donkey, That donkey, That, Don, Don Don. Donkey donkey of the day right there. AT, The, Breakfast Club. Bitches. You can call me the donkey of the day. But like I mean no harm. Yes. Donkey of the day for Wednesday, October 16th goes to the Indiana State Police in Indiana. You all must really like doing paperwork. Okay? In fact, before we move on, I wanna salute all the cops out there who have bigger fish to fry all the law enforcement officials on this planet who don't stick to the rivers.


And lakes they're used to. Because They too busy chasing waterfalls. We don't discuss That enough. Okay, T LC told us not to chase waterfalls. But sometimes those rivers, And lakes are too small. And, we don't need to stick to them. We need to chase the big ass waterfalls. And. There is a lot of cops. That. Understand That, what do I mean when I say That? we, if I was a police officer, And I pulled somebody over for something petty, something small. Don don't even wanna call It a petty crime. Just like an infraction like, like failing to pay fines related to minor traffic violations. The parking tickets, if I was a cop, And, I pulled someone over for That. I would be like, Hey man, go home. Pay your ticket. If you don't pay your ticket, I'm locking your ass up next time. I catch you.


Okay, there. There are just so many nonviolent, And, low level infractions. That usually end up with people being jailed, but it's usually things people shouldn't be in jail for. And That is why I am giving the Indiana State police donkey the day today. Because It was a dark And lonely night. A state trooper was patrolling the southwestern part of the state when he spotted a 51-year-old man named John McKee driving a little Jeep with no lights. That is a reason to pull somebody over, but there's a lot More to the story. So let's go to WAVE News for the report please. The man who was 51-year-old John McKee from Vincents, Indiana And, he was arrested for driving a Power Wheels Jeep AT night while under the influence of marijuana. And meth. Now AT the beginning of this video, And, you can see McKee pull off the road in That blue Power Wheels Jeep.


The officer in the video then stops him, soon performed several field sobriety tests, which McKee fails. He's been arrested, And taken to the hospital for several blood tests. And, take a listen to his reaction when he finds out he's being charged with DU I. DU I. That's still bad. That is still a, are you kidding? No, I'm not. That is still a vehicle. I was talking. we you talked to the wrong person, man. Oh man, that's all I have to say about That. McKee was later charged with operating a vehicle with a prior conviction, which is a felony. He's since been released pretty Crazy. know It was alright. Thanks so much, ward.


Now You know what you're thinking. How the hell did he fit into a power wheel? AT his big age. Okay, there is two of those in my house. My 9-year-old And, 6-year-old have one And. If I could sit my thick ass in one of those power wheels, And drive It. I would They look so fun? But I can't. So how the hell was John McKay able to do? That? That's number one. Number two, You. know what you're thinking. What grade of weed was he smoking? I want some or was It the meth? And Mary. All I need combo platter. That made him say, let me get in this power wheel. And hit the road. Okay? He must have been so high. That the power wheel looked like an actual jeep. To him, It must have looked like an actual car. Okay? That's why he got in It. And took off down the road. I've been high like this before. Okay? When I was much, much, much younger.


And, when you this high, you can be speeding. And. Think you going slow Or you could be going slow. And. Thank you. Speeding. I wonder did the Indiana State Police ask him, sir, do You know why we stopped you? Because the reality is They don't even know why. Why They stopped him. If you stopped somebody in a power wheel, you gotta be wondering what the hell's going on. I would have paid paid to see That. John McKee was probably so high he had no clue he was even being stopped. But anyway, listen. Indiana State Police I understand locking him up on the drug charges. I understand locking him up on the public intoxication. I even understand him getting locked up for operating a non-ST. Street legal vehicle on public roads. But where I draw the line is a DU I.


Okay, give a man a DU I because he driving a power wheel high off meth. And weed is insanity. This man posed no threat to the public. What was he doing? Seven miles per hour. And a 55. The whole point of DUIs is people are drunk operating vehicles. That can actually kill you. Don don't even think power wheels go fast enough to kill bugs. That run into the windshield. Okay? The worst part of this story is That. Some poor child no longer has a Power Wheels Jeep, because I'm sure It was impounded. Imagine being a cop doing paperwork for this. This is why I said earlier, sometimes you have to not stick to the rivers. And Lakes, That. You're used to And chase the waterfalls. This was, this arrest was a lake. Okay? More like a river.


And. Somebody cried And. Someone else should have built a bridge over And. The Indiana State Police should have got over It because this was nonsense. Please give the Indiana State Police the sweep sounds of the Hamiltons The the doggy of the day When you sober up. How do you explain That? You don't. You try to get high again. You Get high again to forget the stupid Of all the things you ride And. Like what A goddamn power wheel.


It really don't make no sense. Just like my microphone falling off. This not don't make no sense. I'm gonna fix It though. Microphone falling off. You falling off. It's crazy. Anyway, yes, yesterday we had a audio town hall with the vice president, Madam Kamala Harris And. One thing I loved about the town hall is the talkback feature. That. We use You. know the Talkback feature. I told you, if you go to the iHeartPodcasts page, iHeart Radio app. Go to Breakfast Club podcast, tap the microphone. You could have sent in your questions. We had thousands And, thousands of questions. Definitely couldn't get to all of them within an hour. But I do want to thank everybody who used the talk back feature?


And I. Wanna thank everybody from Detroit? Who was there? You know I shouted them out earlier. Pastor Ken Lock Zeke from New Era Ice Web Veil. Eric Thomas, Sharon, the program director, Bushman, all of those individuals. But I wanna know what, what, what, what You the listeners thought of the conversation just from You know hearing It, what did you think of, of the audio Town hall? What did you think of what you heard this morning on The? Breakfast. Club from the Madam Vice President. So can we open the phone lines LL Cool Bay? We should. Yes, we Should. One 800. Go ahead. What'd you say? I was going. I was gonna read you a text. My mom said I thought That. What'd she say? She said Charlene. Charlene has Don the best interview of Kamala Harris I've seen yet. Thank God for Charlene Long with him. And, all of his crew You know.


That's right. Charlene, Did she say, did she talk about how handsome I am? Did she say anything about That? No. I Think she I. Think she missed That. Part You know she wear glasses. She might not have 'em on That. That's not true. She, she, she's, she's told me I'm a very handsome man. So, I And, And You know she said That again in the text. And You know you hating And You know you don't want be laid AT message. Okay, but it's okay. It's okay. 1 805 8 5 1 0 5 1. Reach out. And touch us right now. And, tell us what you thought about the we the People Audio Town Hall with Madam Vice President Kamala Harris. It's The Breakfast Club The Breakfast Club. It's topic time Call 805 8 5 1 0 5 1.


To join into the discussion with The Breakfast Club Know it's the world's most dangerous morning show. The Breakfast. Club Charlemagne, tha God. Lauren LaRosa. DJ Envy is off today. And You know, just hilarious is still on maternity leave. But we're talking about the audio town hall. We, the people That I did yesterday with the Madam Vice President Kamala Harris. Salute to everybody who used the Talk Back feature to submit your questions. But we want to hear from y'all. The listeners right now. You know. Just wanted to know what you thought about the information I was presented during the audio town hall yesterday. Who's on the line? R Hey, good morning. What's going on LL Cool Bay? And. Charlamagne. Good Morning. What's happening? What's your name? Hey, my name's Tan Man.


It's actually Chandler, but hey, real quick. I. Just wanna say Charlamagne. I thought you did a fantastic job of our interview. I great talking points. You touched on the points That I feel like a lot of us are thinking about. Felt like you kept the composure, but you still were touching on serious topics. I I thought you did a great job. I started Listen. More to It last night when I got off work. And Listen to It again this morning. So know I. Just thought you did a fantastic job. What'd You think? What'd you think of the substance of the conversation though? Did It move you s in Any way? The S was fantastic. I thought Kamala did a great job answering the question. One of my favorite parts was know you said she was scripted And.


She said, no, I'm disciplined. And That You know. 'cause that's something we think about. Also, you brought up the topic of the San Francisco prosecutor situation. And also the Obama step on question. That. That was a fantastic thing too. You know I just thought It was a great interview. And I really think this helped the campaign a whole lot. We thank you brother I. Appreciate It man. Thank you for Listen More. Absolutely. Could I throw in a quick plug Of course New children's book by Chandler d Hayes. Langs And makes it's coolade adventure. It's on Amazon, Barnes And, Nobles just about a little boy. That starts a cool or a drink stand. Oh absolutely. Thank you brother. Appreciate you. Good morning.


Who's this Trey from? Norfolk. Trey. What's up Trey? What's happening? Good. What's good Shawla? What's good Lord? Good morning. know to The Breakfast. Club. Good morning. Thank you. What you thought of the audio town hall with Vice President Kamala Harris. Last name I. Think It was awesome. You know she did a She did. You did a really good job asking her some very pointed questions. And not letting her off the hook with some of the things That she's been sticking to or stripped on. I. Do think though she could benefit from stepping back from a lot of the, the political stuff, like you said, the strip of stuff. We've heard It a lot. And as an independent. That's not what's ringing home to us. Like even after the audio town hall, that's not, she answered a lot of questions.


That, That we had. But I think just having a regular conversation like look, this is what the heck is going on with our country. Get away from the political talks. 'cause we hear That every four to eight years. What had Obama, what had us so hyped about voting from him is when we hear from him. It wasn't always just the political points, but It was actual conversations. And. It was just actual talking. That That was had to the community outside of just the black community. And. Then when she does That, that's when she'll see That. That, That, That hype, And That, momentum That. She had post And pre Democratic convention like come back again. And, especially she start seeing That reflected in the post. But that's just my 2 cents. I. Think he did a wonderful job.


That's a great point. I. I. I. Wonder about That, right? Because I I be thinking to myself sometime, did Obama put too much sauce on It? Because You know his whole campaign was about hope. And change. And, I. Don't know if you saw him last week in Pennsylvania. He was basically saying like, look man, You know a lot of people don't wanna vote for us because They feel like it's not gonna make a difference. And. He said, you're right. They're not we're, we're not gonna eliminate poverty. We're not gonna get rid of all the problems with race. We're not gonna prevent every bad thing from happening in this country. But we are people who care, who can make your life a little bit, a little bit better. To me, that's More of a realistic message than You know we can change. Everything, And hope. People, oh know, can Even know, like you said, man, I, That. That, part of It. That's just like politics part, right?


We heard That every four to eight years. And know we can change positive hope. And all That, And all That. Good stuff. And. I'm trying to You know, not curses anything like That, but what I'm saying is just More. So having like the RAC of It all conversation, like if me And you was talking on the streets about You, know what's going on in this political environment. We're not gonna stick to a script. We're gonna just have a regular conversation. Like, look, this what's going on with the border? This is going on the economy. And That is what she needed. I don't the soft part of It, the whole part of It that's is good for like You know middle America. But for us, us in independence, us as in the middle And people. That's really, really focusing outside of the, the political talking points. Just have a conversation. See if those people get away from the the talking points.


And just really have That conversation. I think when she goes And, maybe if she comes back from The, Breakfast Club or when she goes to Joe Rogan, if she does That, that's what's going to help her. Versus just the know, like the the the same old I'm middle class And You. know And. Then get away from That. I got And. Get back to having real conversations. I agree. I Got you. Thank you. My brother I. Think that's why It resonated so much with a lot of people. Like the Minutes That, she, the time she did do That It was like, Ooh, like this is refreshing. Like she's a person. She knows what's going on. 1 805 8 5 1 0 5 1. We're taking your calls on the audio town hall. We the people with Madame Vice President Kamala Harris That we did yesterday on iHeart Radio. It's The Breakfast Club Made It.


If y'all talking about It You know we talking about It. It's topic time. Call 805 8 5 1 0 5 1 to join into the discussion with The Breakfast Club Know it's the world's most dangerous morning show. The Breakfast Club Charlemagne tha God. Lauren LaRosa, A-K-A-L-L Cool Bay. DJ Envy is off today, just hilarious is on maternity leave. But we are here talking about the we the people Audio Town Hall That I did yesterday with Madame Vice President Kamala Harris on iHeartRadio. We're taking your phone calls on the situation, on the call, on the audio town hall. Who we got on the phone? Rick? Good morning, LaNaia. Oh, it's LaNaia. What's up LaNaia, how are you? I'm Good. How are you? I'm blessed. Black And highly favored.


So, So I enjoyed the interview. I just feel like she should have went More in depth with things like telling us how she thinks the court is gonna handle him. If They prosecute him, let us know like exactly what she mean by like things like just get More in depth with things. It seem like she's like afraid of talking to us. Like It seems like she's afraid of opening up to us. I think she's like I. Just feel like I need More know It It. Certain situations. That They don't really go deep on And. And. There was a part of the conversation where I even asked her why are, why can't y'all say Trump needs to be in jail? But Trump has no problem saying he gonna lock all y'all up right know, Right know That Know I.


Just like she should have said More. Like what she gonna do More about like getting the illegal immigrants that's hurting us out. Like what are you gonna do about what's in here now what are you gonna do if you get elected And. Donald Trump starts this riot again. Like what are you gonna do to help us? Like you're telling us It is not gonna happen, but how We, this is just one conversation. She's got a lot. More know she's sitting down with Fox, Fox News today, know, so we'll hear a lot More things over the next few weeks I'm sure. Thank you for calling. You feel Like she gonna be as comfortable with Fox News though as she was with you I feel like Fox News. Is she gonna be back buttoned up Don? Don't know. It's a good question. I I. I You. know what It is. I I'm, this is just my personal opinion.


I think That. She operates very we when she's angry. If That makes sense, You know what I'm saying? Like when she, when when, when you, when you say something, That moves.


The World is constantly changing. If it's up to you to decide how to respond, choose to be bold to try something new. Choose to reinvent yourself. That's what Nissan did with the all new totally reimagined kicks. The dynamic new exterior styling immediately announces That Nissan isn't messing around the interior. A completely redesigned cabin with premium features like wireless Apple call Play And. A panoramic moonroof make driving a kicks immersive And exciting And with new performance And safety features. Like intelligent all-wheel Drive. The kicks is both fun. And safer to drive than ever before. It is the dawning of a brand new era for the Nissan kicks. Only one question remains. Is It a new era for you? As we drive the all new Reimagined Nissan kicks today Available Features compatible device service, And consumer activation of Nissan Connect services Package required use only when safe And legal subject to third party service availability for More information, see Nissan usa.com/connect/legal Apple CarPlay is a trademark of Apple Link. Intelligent all-Wheel Drive cannot prevent collisions or provide enhanced traction in all conditions. Always monitor traffic, And weather conditions.


Seeing our communities grow And Thrive is something we care deeply about here. AT Black Tech Green Money State. Farm Insurance also cares about the growth of black communities. They're actively investing in programs, And initiatives. That help provide financial literacy, give early career advice. And grow black owned businesses, thus leading to generational wealth, which helps protect the future of our communities. We wanna build the future That we all can be proud of. State Farm understands That representation alone doesn't equate to authenticity. It also requires active sponsorship of programs like the Axo. A year long program. That recognizes And rewards high school students for the academic And cultural achievements along with funding programs like Project Ready, a National Urban League program committed to educational achievement of black And. Brown youth. That has awarded over $11 million in scholarship offers to date State Farm believes that being better neighbors creates better communities. And can have a long lasting impact. Like a good neighbor. State Farm is there.


You could sit there And, listen to ads, or you could take a moment to have a Diet Coke break. First, grab a chill diet Coke. 'cause if you want It to be perfect, It needs to be crispy. Next, get a big cup of ice. 'cause everyone knows Diet Coke is best served. Swimming And ice, then sip It slowly. Feel That burn And. Enjoy your break for as long as possible. When you need a break, don't forget to grab an ice cold Diet Coke And, take a Diet Coke break.


This is Coke Zero sugar. Could I be the best Coke ever? Try And taste with your ears. Hear those bubbles. Imagine them tingling on your top busy deliciousness. Listen to That Cascading Liquid. A mouthwatering waterfall. Irresistibly tasty, zero sugar, crisp, refreshing. And ice. Gold is Coke. Zero sugar the best Coke ever. Try And decide.


Hello, It is Ryan And. We could all use an extra bright spot in our day, couldn't we? Just to make up for things like sitting in traffic, doing the dishes, counting your steps You know all the mundane stuff. That is why I am such a big fan of Chumba Casino. Chumba Casino has all your favorite social casino style games. That, you can play for free anytime, anywhere with daily bonuses. So sign up now. AT chumba casino.com. That's chumba casino.com Sponsored by Chumba Casino. No purchase necessary. V GW Group void. Were prohibited by law. 18 plus terms, And conditions apply.


Who's her And And like she's already got That Fire in her. She's like the incredible hawk She can unleash It AT any time. know And I. Think I. Think a platform like Fox. News might bring That outta her When Big Kamala come out, because It was a couple times, I was like, oh, she gonna reach across That table. He better relax. That's what I'm saying. When she telling Trump out, eat your lunch, or Putin or Putin. Putin said they'll eat your lunch. You know what I mean. And When she's telling the heckler in, in, in Michigan. Hey, relax. Like there's It. It's there. It's there. Good morning. Good morning. Morning everybody. How you doing? Good morning. What's up brother? Know It. This is Jordan from Bermuda. Man. I, I, Listen to the town hall yesterday. And. I wanna say It was really good. I liked how you guys pulled That off.


Gave her the opportunity to speak without You know to speak Candidly, And I think she's gonna be a good pick. Also, this is important for the World, not just important for America You. know the World is watching Progress. One step forward, two steps back if, if everybody's gonna vote for Trump. Thank you, my brother. The full, the full version of the conversation is on on YouTube. It's on The Breakfast Club YouTube page. And. If you wanna listen to It in the audio form, it's on the Black Effect. iHeart Radio podcast Network. I wanna tell you, yes ma'am. know right now. Ha ha. Hashtag black is trending with 1.3 million posts, number 21 across Twitter or X worldwide. What That be And?


It's, it's all of the points where Kamala spoke directly about either being black, the black church, the, when she talked about Trump, I'm sorry, Trump talking to the people in Detroit. Anything That was when she got into like actual, like her blackness being black, speaking directly to black men. All That stuff is trending within That because people wanted to hear It. They wanna be spoken directly too. Wow. Wow. we I wanna salute once again Everybody in Detroit That black ass city I in very special place, man. Salute to Pastor Ken Lock salute to Zeke from New Era. Salute to Ice. We Zo salute. Eric Thomas, salute to Sharon, the program director AT, WJLB salute Bush man, salute to Chanel. Dominique, thank you. Thank you, thank you Chanel, thank you to all of those folks. And Detroit, who made That event extra special yesterday.


Man, And, go check out the we of People Audio Town Hall. The visuals are up on Breakfast Club. YouTube page like I just said. And. The podcast is up on the Black effect. iHeart Radio podcast network. Okay. Okay. And, it's in full. So the question That got cut off is on there as we, we got just with the myth coming up. LL Cool Bay, We do, we gonna get into where we going next? It's ooh, we gonna get into Life Jennings. Life Jennings called out Tiny Desk yesterday. And I had to reach out to my tiny desk reps. And And, see what was going on over there for life All. That's what we're gonna talk about when we come back. It's The, Breakfast, Club, The. Breakfast. Club is the world's most dangerous morning show. The, Breakfast, Club Charlemagne, tha God. Lauren LaRosa.


DJ Envy is off today. Just hilarious, is on maternity leave. But it's time for just what the best with Lauren LaRosa Is real weather. Jessica Robin Moore. Just don't do no lying. Don't do, She don't stir nobody. World on The. Breakfast Club. She's the Lauren. Lauren I back. And. I got the mess. Talk to me. So really quick before we get into the rumors, I'm sorry. Before we get into Jess with the mess, I wanna just send some love to Amanda Lewis, who was a former vj AT m T V. She had announced a few years ago, That, she was dealing with cancer And recently.


She sat down with CNN in a discussion about cancer. And, her cancer journey. And. She revealed That. Her cancer has now progressed from stage three to stage four because oh man, she decided not to undergo a double MAs MasTec mastectomy And, basically like she, she's always talked about like being You know, afraid of like the radiation And. Just some of the different things. That go with the treatments. So I just wanted to send her some love. I've been through a cancer battle with my mom. And It was, I was so scared. I It took me about maybe three weeks, two weeks to convince her to go through with treatments because she was very scared of what It would do. So You know It, It It. It happens. But my mom was stage four And.


My mom is alive And we today. So I'm sending her a prayer. And And You know, just if she hears this, or whoever It is. It is not over. The fight is not won. I mean the fight can be won because God has the last say. So. And You know That firsthand. That's right. So I I don't Definitely sending healing energy down Nalu know I wanted to take the time to do That. Now, yesterday Life Jennings posted something. That picked up pretty viral. He had posted That. He reached out to Tiny Desk last month. And They told him That, he was not a big enough celebrity for their show. You know Tiny Desk is the show where you do the live performances. Absolutely, he says, so thank you to Unplug for still believing in me. So I guess he has an Unplugged, which is kind of the same thing. But Tiny Death has become a lot More, popular And. He must have That coming down the line.


People were going crazy. You know Sha Room posted like a don't forget life. Jennings had the hits tribute to him. People were arguing whether he should have been giving the Tiny Desk 'cause the music is good. Whether he shouldn't have been giving It I reached out to Tiny Desk because I wanted to know, like I You know if Life Jen is is there to perform I think the music would be good too if he's up to It And. So why not? So I I reached out to Tiny Destin And, a rep told me. That, the NPR music team curates the tiny desk concert lineup using their editorial discretion to ensure That. The music is. This includes Discovery, And, inclusion, They Showcase emerging talent. As often as we, as new as we emerging new talent, as we as known artists, the team gets pitched. Hundreds of hundreds of artists, both Big And Small.


Being a big celebrity is no guarantee to get in a tiny desk. But It doesn't disqualify you either. Often it's about the timing of a artist's career. And their schedules. They said That. Their team is small, but limited capacity to film They do about 10 shows per month. And, unfortunately, They couldn't accommodate. They can't accommodate every, every artist That wants to perform. So It seems like he did reach out. I did double back. And say was he specifically told he was not big enough. AT the moment. No response on That yet. But It seems like they're just saying They couldn't accommodate 'em. They have other things planned. So It sounds to me like somebody AT Tiny Desk just wasn't culturally aware of, of of of Life. Jennings catalog. That's all And I think Now That You know. He put That out there, And. They're seeing the reaction from people.


They're like, whoa, maybe we messed up. Maybe that's how They are feeling. 'cause I feel the same way. I'm like, if he can get up there, And And, the mic can be on. That's gonna be a great tiny desk. His music is amazing. Look, Know like Janice can sing his ass off. And And. Andy's a great live performer. If you've ever seen Life Live I mean I, I, I. Think I've seen Life Live. This is back in the day. But nah, he, he, he, he, he gets busy. We, we'll see what happens with That I. I'll be following That to see. 'cause remember LA the last person who posted something virally about tiny deaths was juvie. And It happened. So, But It was the opposite, right? Juvie didn't know who the hell tiny deaths was. Exactly. It was the opposite. Now this next little bit of this segment, I'm gonna call assists with the sports. Look AT, the Bob Charla sits with the Sports You.


know the sports broadcasters always have the Goobs That. Bob don't look secure. Whoa, relax. It is very secure. If you didn't have, Have those headphones on, It would fall Off. Shout out to Jamie Ray. Very secure. So Devonte Adams in Sports News, this trade has been all over headlines. It's been called one of the Splashiest Trades in team history. So the wide receiver was traded to the Jets on Tuesday. Now this trade will mean That. He gets to reunite with Aaron Rogers. And. ESPN has called them the most dangerous duo. So people feel like this is the Jets trying to stack their hand for a Super Bowl. And, they're, people are also wondering when his debut is gonna be because he was out with a hamstring injury. He sat out like three games, but now it's been reported That.


He's feeling much better. So people wanna know when that's gonna happen. It is being reported That. He'll probably debut with the team Sunday against the Steelers. Now the controversy around this, or not the controversy, but just some conversation around It. I like to always get to the T And. The sports is That. This might have been the people feel like the hamstring, the whole hamstring injury. And sitting out And. Then the fact That, he lowered his salary cap this season took 3.21 million was because he wanted to get to the Jets. That was all just one big play. So we'll see what happens. Brad You know you a big Jets fan. I mean you excited about this. I'm excited. I mean the Raiders were bad. So anybody want to get up outta there We Go ahead.


I mean Adams is nice to have, but I I don't think It ensures That Jets gonna win a Super Bowl. Dang, even as a fan know. No, it's Don. You know something. Let Know I have, but it's not gonna make a big difference. I mean you still need pieces on defense. The offensive line is bad. I mean Know And. It sound good? Y'all acting like know good Aaron Rod, you're acting like Aaron Rogers not 73 years old. know that's too okay. And vta Adams And. He he a little long in the tooth as we even though I would've looked to have him on the Cowboys. But being That, he is not a cowboy. I don't give a damn about this trade. We the owner, you the only person. 'cause even I had to care. And. I don't even I. Y'all know I don't even have we I was gonna say Don don't have a team. But now the Eagles are my team. So, okay, what? Anyway, We can That makes sense. You are from Delaware, so you should be an Eagles fan.


A a a mention as we too. Amarii Cooper was traded to the Buffalo Bills. That was a big one. That people were like all excited about as we too. Now That's a man That. We should have never let go in Dallas. But that's a whole other conversation. It seems like the Cowboys don't know what They should or shouldn't be doing. Know And. And You. know what You know what know. Absolutely right. But you're not allowed to say That. Absolutely. Right? That's Like saying the N the sports. I'm with the Sports. No, only, only if You know. That's like saying the N word. And You know black. Okay, don't talk about us cowboy fans. Only we can talk about us. Don't even hear me say cowboys. No. More. Now the Super Bowl. Speaking of And Super Bowl news. So It was announced yesterday. Roger Goodell said That. The NFL is going to be continuing their relationship with Jay-Z And Roc Nation. I feel like we should drop a bond for That. Absolutely. That is for That.


Major You know I mean. Jay-Z's been doing an amazing job. The deal was struck back originally in 2019. They struck the deal with the NFL. Roc Nation did. And It was valued. AT $25 million over five years. There is no report right now on what this new one may be worth, but I can only imagine because he's Don a lot for the Super Bowl since 2019. And It was announced yesterday too. That, the Super Bowl 2028 is going to be in Atlanta. You know why I'm excited about That. Why? That's just enough time for me to learn how to strip because inflation is hard. Girl, you gonna be how when, when is It? What year is This Year? Why you gotta go to age? We, I'm just say, what year is this? The age.


The age has nothing to do with me being able to figure out she could be dead. How to recover from inflation. Nobody wanna see That, AT, forties. I do feel like I do feel like Atlanta needs an adult contemporary strip club though? Like I. Like where Strip we you trying up put you trying to put me in a nursing home with strip clubs? Yes, because You know you Want me to be up there. My velco straps. It's crazy. know Because last, last time I was in the strip club. I was in Magic City. And I You know, you just don't feel right tipping them. Young gals, I need to be I. Like I need to be in there. Some 40 And ups You. know what I'm saying? So And, you be right in the middle. And, what year is It? I would be young in there. I Be I, be fresh meeting there. The the old Hood Strip Club. 2028. 2028. 2028.


Oh know you be close to 40. That's You. know what I want you better Career You know I was just about to say You know what? By That time I want the I'm I'm what? No, but as soon as I heard It I thought like the You know Atlanta And. People who've been feeling this inflation And all That And Atlanta They probably was hyped. Hear this because the last time That like, whenever major events come to Atlanta, it's so much money put into the tourism, the social life. And all That. So You know That They love to see It coming. And, listen, how long is Jay-Z And Roc Nation partnership? Did They say how much longer it's for with NFL? The the current one. Know the new one? The one That They just did, did They say how? No, There's the details aren't announced yet. He just said Don And said They They They. Were gonna continue working with them. But how long And for how much money? I don't know That yet.


Roc Nation Nation should have been petty And put out a press release. And said, Jay-Z And Roc Nation will be back to give you all something to enjoy And complain about. Okay, because you Negroes be so confused. Y'all, y'all, y'all complain about the Super Bowl halftime performances, but then love them when They come on. I mean isn't That what That like that's just how life goes. No, that's just how Twitter goes. I was know, you're right. You are right. It makes It good. That was just with the mess with Lauren And Osa. Thank you Lauren And. I didn't get to get to the real Olympic sport, the the Victoria's Secret fashion show. But I'm a I'm a I'm gonna leave y'all with That. I'm gonna leave y'all with That was the real sport. Google It. We, that's the, the new sport is the plus size model's trying to fit their, their big asses And, them little amatory secret panties.


We Gotta go sis with the sports. We gotta go wrap It up You know about to do That to my Inclusive mommies. We Got the People's Choice mix. Up next. It's The Breakfast Club know it's the world's most dangerous morning show. The Breakfast Club Charlemagne tha God. Lauren LaRosa. DJ Envy is off today, just hilarious, is on maternity leave. How you feeling ll Cool Bay I Feel great, I, feel blessed. Shout out to my uncle Timmy. It's his birthday today. So I'm gonna see him today. Happy birthday. Salute the uncle Timmy And I. Wanna salute everybody. That's gonna be AT New York Comic Con this weekend. I will be there this Friday. October 18th, AT 3:45 PM in room one C oh three. Having a conversation about my upcoming graphic novel, the Black Illuminati.


Okay, which may or may not be based on the true story. My man, Rob Markman is gonna be the moderator. My man, Axel Alonzo is gonna be on the panel. He's the former editor in chief of Marvel Comics. Now the editor in chief of a WA comics, my man, Dennis Cohen will be there. And. We'll be there talking all things black Illuminati. So I'll see you 3:45 PM on Friday, October 18th in room one C oh three AT, the Jacob Javin Center for New York ComicCon this Friday. Okay, And I. Want to thank everybody who tuned in to We, the people, the audio town hall we did yesterday with Madam Vice President Kamala Harris. Everybody That participated in our talkback feature. You know Y'all can we use That feature all the time too.


We're gonna start using More. Oh, I Thought It was new. It It is, but it's, we, we've had It for a while. It's just something That. We don't incorporate into The, Breakfast Club as much as we should. But You know. Anytime y'all got questions about anything that's on the show, just go to the iHeartRadio App. Go to The Breakfast Club podcast. Tap the microphone, And, send in your questions, man. And once again, salute to everybody in Detroit who pulled up yesterday. Salute Sharon. The PD of WJLB, And Detroit Salute. The Bushman salute to my man Troy, who came And cleaned me up yesterday with a, with, with a nice little haircut. And shave from so fresh, so clean. Barbershop I, gotta salute Chanel Dominique Ice Wear Bezo. Eric Thomas. Zeke And, pastor Klock. Okay. Pastor Solomon Klock Jr.


Man. So thank you to everybody we saw in Detroit yesterday. And salute the coach Thea Mitchum. All right, for always just, just holding It down like she does, man. She, she keeps all of this together. So thank you And. When we come back, it's the positive note. It's The Breakfast Club. we More dangerous morning show. The Breakfast. Club Charlemagne. tha God. Lauren LaRosa. DJ Envy is off today. Jess hilarious is on maternity leave. But Envy should be back tomorrow. Jess should be back soon as we. Lauren, you gonna be on the road this weekend, right? Know me. And Envy are going to North Carolina. A And T for the homecoming. And I wanna say So it's Saturday, October 19th. It's AT the Truist Stadium. We're doing the, let's turn up the vote event. It's powered by Quadi Heath. I called him Quadi Health before I.


Don't know why I made him seem like a place you go see the Lady AT. My bad bro. But it's Quadi Heath And. Marcus Johnson They bringing us the Gho. It's my first Gho experience on North Carolina. A And T, please talk to me. Nice. Me And Envy gonna be there. I'm really excited. This Saturday I'll actually be there Friday And. But Saturday is the event where you can come. And Envy will be DJing. I'm gonna be talking to y'all about why y'all need to vote. All That. Good stuff. And. Who are these hoes again? Gho greatest homecoming of Wait. What is It? Greatest homecoming ever? Sorry Gho. It's my first one. That's like the G ho. G Ho. Not who These hoes again about. Anybody think That? Huh? The HBCU U graduates. We I think y'all should just sound That one out. That just sounds crazy. The greatest hoes ever.


Okay, by the way, And get a lot of people to That Homecoming. This homecoming got the greatest home ever. Yo, we, we will be there. So shout out to Kwa Heath. And Marcus Johnson. It. You mean That was not a time for you to say we will be there. Oh, after I say this, homecoming. The greatest I just called me home. Sorry. I didn't have mercy. How do you think That through Jesus Christ? Positive note, stop letting your potential go to waste because you don't feel confident Ready enough people with half your talent are making serious waves. While you're still waiting to feel Ready, And, I wanna tell you something? That Bishop TD Jakes told me one time, even if you don't think you are worthy, even if you don't think you're Ready, God knows you're worthy And. God knows you're Ready. Get on It.


It's The Breakfast Club Breakfast Club. Bitches. You don't finished or y'all Don.


Life is an act of constant reinvention. That's true for you, And for cause. Nissan reimagined the all new kicks around you. The Bowles Personal plus sound system with speakers in the headrest keeps you in the groove while the Nissan Safety Shield 360 technologies keep you safe. If Nissan reinvented the kicks, you can reinvent yourself. Drive the all new Reimagined Nissan kicks today. Available Features compatible device service. And consumer activation of Nissan Connect Services. Package required Use only when safe. And legal subject to third party service availability For More information, see Nissan usa.com/connect/legal. Apple CarPlay is a trademark of Apple Link. Intelligent all-Wheel Drive cannot prevent collisions or provide enhanced traction in all conditions. Always monitor traffic, And weather conditions,


Peace to the planet. I. Go by the name of Charlemagne tha God. And. I. Want to introduce you to Uber? Teen Accounts, a connected account for your teen with trackable trips. And, highly rated drivers. Now I am the father of a 16-year-old daughter. So I need things like Uber Teen. Okay, your teen can feel a sense of independence, And. You can feel a sense of relief. You can follow their entire ride on a live tracking map. Perfect for those times when you want to be there, but can't when your teen requests a trip. They are matched with highly rated And experienced drivers. And. You receive real time notifications. Every trip comes with enhanced safety features. Pin verification to ensure your teen enters the right vehicle. Live trip tracking for parents plus you. The parent can contact the driver directly from the app. Add your teen to your account today. Available in select locations. See app for details.


Black Tech Green Money isn't just about telling the stories of successful black entrepreneurs. It's also about giving actionable And wealth building strategies That help you protect the future of our communities. That's why we're pleased to be supported by State Farm Insurance. State Farm also believes that we must invest in our communities to achieve economic growth by sponsoring programs like the Axo, which rewards high school students for their academic achievements. State Farm believes that being better neighbors creates better communities. Like a good neighbor. State. Farm is there.


You could sit there And, listen to ads, or you could take a moment to have a Diet Coke break. First, grab a chilled diet Coke. 'cause if you want It to be perfect, It needs to be crispy. Next, get a big cup of ice. 'cause everyone knows Diet Coke is best served. Swimming And ice then sip It slowly. Feel That burn And. Enjoy your break for as long as possible. When you need a break, don't forget to grab an ice cold. Diet Coke And. Take a Diet Coke break.


This is Coke Zero sugar. Could I be the best Coke ever? Try And taste with your ears. Hear those bubbles. Imagine them tingling on your top busy deliciousness. Listen to That Cascading Liquid. A mouthwatering waterfall. Irresistibly tasty, zero sugar crisp, refreshing. And ice gold. Ah, is Coke zero sugar the best Coke ever. Try And decide.