
Taking control of your career is empowering. Just don't tell my boss I said that. Just kidding. I am the boss. This is Carlos Miller from the 85 South Show. And building a career isn't just about a job. It's about creating a path that impacts our community and future generations. Whether you're starting out or even making big moves, state Farm is here to support you with resources to help protect what you're working hard to achieve. They've got your back every step of the way because Like a good neighbor. State Farm is there. Find out more@statefarm.com.


I'm Julian Edelman. I'm Rob Gronkowski. And we are super excited to tell you about our new show Dudes On Dudes. We're spilling all the behind scenes stories, crazy details, and honestly just having a blast talking football. Every week we're discussing our favorite players of all times, from legends to our buddies to current stars. We're finally answering the age old question. What kind of dudes are these dudes? We're gonna find out. Jules new episodes drop every Thursday during the NFL season. Listen to dudes on, dudes on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts.


Hey Bo. Hey Matt. Are you ready to tell the readers about the extra special episode we have coming up? I think we have to let them in in our little surprise. Yeah, if you haven't already figured it out. The Queen of Christmas herself. Can't believe this. Mariah Carey will be joining us this week. Wow. Readers, publicist, Katie's and finalists. Tune in to maybe the most unforgettable episode of Lost COIs, yet listen to Lost COIs on Will Ferrell's Big Money Players Network on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcast, or wherever you get your podcasts.


I'm nk and this is Basket Case. What is Wrong With Me? A show about the ways that mental illness is shaped by not just biology Swaps of different Meds, but by culture and society. By looking closely at the conditions that cause mental distress, I find out why so many of us are struggling to feel sane, what we can do about it, and why we should care. Oh, look at you. Gimme therapy girl. Listen to Basket Case every Tuesday on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts.


Daphne Cara Galicia was a Maltese investigative journalist who on October 16th, 2017 was assassinated Crooks Everywhere unearths the plot to murder a one woman. WikiLeaks, she exposed the culture of crime and corruption that were turning her beloved country into a mafias state. Listen to Crooks Everywhere on the iHeartRadio app. apple Podcasts or wherever you get your Podcasts.


USA. Yo. Yo. Yo yo Yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo, yo yo. Good morning, Lauren. LaRosa. Good morning, Charlamagne. Peace To the Planet. Is Tuesday another day to serve our beautiful listeners? I feel blessed black and highly favored. Thank you, God, for allowing us to be here again today. How are you ll Cool Bay? I'm feeling great. I don't know why it always feels like a Friday most of the time here. That's good. Yeah. That's a good day. That's a, that's that's a good energy. Yeah. I like every day though. You. know what I'm saying? You know when you were younger weekends used to be weekends, right? Don't get me wrong, weekends are still weekends. But the way things are going nowadays, every day above ground is a blessing.


Yeah. Weekend You know weekends ain't hitting the same. I be needing like two weekends to sleep because we Need the Monday off. I keep telling y'all that we need to change this to a four day work week. And it needs to be Stop gay man. It needs to be Friday, Saturday, Sunday, Monday. Did Y'all hear Charlamagne getting touched? Yeah. I'm glad Envy wore some sleeves today. Boy, you look stupid on that video they posted yesterday. Somebody sent me a video yesterday of Envy with the Godspeed shirt on and no sleeves, and it said, just inspiration y'all for the, the, the to focus on your arms. What was it? What did it say? That's just some inspiration for why men should be in the gym or something like that. Not Miss Arm day. I saw it, but I, yeah. Don't miss arm Day. I wasn't gonna rub it in. Why not? Have you not learned? That's what this show is about. This is what we do here.


We Do that to you. No, we do it to each other. Okay. I seen that young lady that posted that, but I'm gonna be nice. Thank you. You can't say nothing about her. They ain't got nothing to do with her. That's deflection. Okay. Worry about your own jokes. Do some pushups. Ken jokes be some more protein. She got That shit on your reps. It's crazy. Get your pull up game on. Hey. Right. Shout to that girl. She'll be single forever. But hey, how y'all doing today? Whoa. Envy. Why? Why? What did the single crew have to do with this? How do You know? She's single? I I I. Why you mad at her? 'cause you've been missing RM d I'm not mad At, it's our envy. We can figure out arm day together. I can't really do pushups. Logan, send your daddy a workout plan, man. Stupid. Yo, Logan.


Okay. Oh, little log out here. Diesel. You still little log. Got his man body. When you gonna get yours? I'm good. I'm good. That that, that's the young lady that was throwing shots. Listen. Well, all right. That's what I'm talking here. Listen, Logan, look like LeBron Envy look like Brony. What's up? I ain't mad. I'm not mad. God, I hate y'all. Let's get the show cracking front page. At least bro, in the league. He in the game. That's right. He In the game. That's right. Alright, we got front pages. When we come back, Morgan, what will be joining us? Don't go anywhere's. The. Breakfast, Club. Good morning. Morning everybody. It's Djj Envy. Jess. Hilarious. Charlamagne, the guy. We are The Breakfast. Club on La Rosa. Filling in for just, we missing our front page news person. I don't know where Morgan at this morning.


Yeah, I don't know either. But let's get in some front page news. All right, let's start off with Monday Night Football. Last night, the Ravens beat the Buccaneers 41 31. The Cardinals beat the charges 17, 15 and WNBA, the Mayor Promise, and he will deliver the New York Liberty will have their ticket tape parade Thursday at 10:00 AM and then they will walk to City Hall and the parade will be followed by er Mooney. So where they'll be giving them, I guess, certificates and maybe even a key to the city. So again, congratulations to the New York Liberty. I wonder if Morgan was out partying too much last night because it was Monday Night Football. And she is a Ravens fan and a Washington fan, which I just think is the strangest thing in The World You party for Monday Night Football.


Well, she Probably was out a bar. You know She gotta watching it late last night. I was about to say, I ain't never been a Monday night football player already now. No. 'cause I fell a shit during the game. Yeah, they do. They definitely do. Absolutely. Well, let's talk about former President Donald Trump. Now, yesterday he traveled to Asheville, North Carolina to survey the damage left following the recent hurricanes. And he pledged to the residents that he will get some type of help Ever seen to all those homes. And your homes have been destroyed. Many of you are rebuilding, and many of you're gonna just start all over again. And the communities were ravaged and destroyed. We're praying for you. And we will not forget about you. We will never forget about you. We're gonna be working with you for a long time to come to get it back together.


When I'm president, I will stand with you until the communities are fully rebuilt. Every single inch of every property will be fully rebuilt, greater, and more beautiful than it. Do you believe him? I mean, You know he's down there because North Carolina is a battleground state. Of course. So, Yeah. What was his response in the beginning again? I don't remember. Yeah. Feel like, but it sounds like it might, like now he's just saying, so all you have to do is vote for him and you will get some type of relief. I will rebuild this from the ground up. I'm just saying You know. Let's, let's keep in mind that is dream selling season. Y'all You know what I realized yesterday after doing that Laura Trump interview since we, we we're talking to Trump, Trump family, that a lot of people, although they say that they know what's going on, they honestly don't.


No, they don't. Like, they, they, they just look at headlines and they just look at fake news and they really don't understand what's true and what's not true. And it bothers the issue outta me. 'cause people are so, they're so passionate about being wrong. Well, You know, when I interviewed the vice president last week, Kamala Harris You know, that's one of the things I said to her. It's not just her versus Donald Trump. It's her versus misinformation. Because people either really haven't seen, don't see, or even when they do, see, they don't care to deal with whatever the facts of the situation are. And to your point, like you can post a, you can post like a, a clip of something. Nobody will actually watch it. No. They'll just see the headline. And then they'll, sometimes they'll go to the comments and see what the comments are saying, the summit, and they'll form their opinion based on the comments without even seeing what they, without even watching the piece for himself.


And I. And speaking of mi misinformation, yesterday when Trump was in North Carolina, he was repeating the false claims about the response to Helene. That's what was happening in the beginning. Remember, he was saying like, oh, whatever money they were giving, and like all that stuff gave to the immigrants, and he was giving all that misinformation. So he was repeating a bunch of that yesterday as well too. So, yeah. All right. Well, last front page news. We'll try to get Morgan up. We'll see. Make sure Morgan's okay. All right. Everybody else get it off your chest. 805 8 5 1 0 5 1 if you need to vent, phone lines are wide open. Again, 805 8 5 1 0 5 1. Get it off your chest if you need to vent, phone lines are wide open. Call us up right now. It's The, Breakfast. Club. Good morning, The. Breakfast Club.


I'm telling, I'm telling. Hey, what you doing, man? I'm call calling. Yo, This is your time to get it off your, whether you're mad or blessed, 5, 8, 5, 5 1. We wanna hear from you on The, Breakfast. Club. Hello. Who's this? This L What's up Al? Get it off your chest. Okay, man, I got a whole bunch to get off my chest. But anyway, first of all, he did, he, he he stupid. He need to go to jail for all this stuff. He do, like he say his as probably deep His, you said his bust is probably what His, his probably deep, deep, deep You know. Whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa. Who said that, sir? You just said, you just said that.


He did. Okay. I don't know why you thinking about that man's bust and deep this early in the morning, but that's kind of early to be speaking about butter. But go ahead, brother. No, No, no. I'm just getting off my chance because they scared to go to jail. What I'm saying is, and everything else and all that gay stuff they've been doing. But anyway, first of all, that lady should not be the president because she talking about band legalizing weed and doing this and doing that. Okay? But nobody ain talking about the homeless people or where they got to stay at and whatever, whatever. They just weren't about their stuff. But okay, now Trump, get in the chair. Trump had looked up and gave us a check. Man, shut your dumb ass up. Gave a simple check. I'm gonna be honest with you. And I know. Hang up on him. See, that's what I just said. Did I just say that? I said people will spread news and not know the truth.


I'm gonna be honest with you. I'm gonna start telling people, shut they dumb ass up when they talk to me about Donald Trump and this stimulus check. Okay? Number one, because it was a Democratic and Republican congress that came together to say, this is what the American people need. Donald Trump didn't necessarily want to do it, but Donald Trump signed it. Donald Trump put his name on it. It is what it is. Who name was on the check though? But, but, but that's, to me, that's even, that's even a mute point. You're never going to see that again. It took a global pandemic for you to get that stimulus check. People, there was the coronavirus. Millions of people died. That's never happening. God, God, hope, thank Hopefully that never happens again. Okay, but gentleman called just l he said Trump's name was on the check.


Yeah. Because Trump was smart enough to put it on there. It was good marketing. But the reality is, you're never going to see that stimulus check again. That's not going to happen, y'all. It was a global pandemic. It was COVID that caused that to happen. So I'm really gonna start telling y'all, shut y'all dumb ass up when y'all say that. It started with booty hole. Y'all should know where that was going. Mm. You right. Hello. Who's this? Good morning DJ Henry. Good morning, uncle Charlotte. Lauren, good morning. How y'all Doing? Morning, brother. Get it off your chest. What's up man? I'm Steve. I'm from Alabama. I I calling in here 'cause I'm a school teacher. I recently lost everything in the fire, man. No one knows that The school, I've been showing up with a smile on my face supporting my students and going back to that hotel room and cra my eyes out. Man.


I wanted to know specifically from Charlemagne if he can like, hook me up with a black therapist. And then also to You know the purchase club can be like a financial blessing this morning, man, that's the Office. You said you need a what now? I I you need a therapist and he's hoping for some financial blessing. Oh, well first of brother, put your cash back. Yeah. I a financial blessing. Yeah. What are you going through that, that has you down so, so much, brother. He said it Was in a fire. I lost everything in a house fire last week. I heard you, my brother. Put that. Put your cash app out there and let's, and let's see if some of The, Breakfast Club listeners will help. And I want you to go to mental wealth alliance.org. If you go to mental wealth alliance.org, click on the click on the menu and you'll, you, you can get connected to a therapist via mental wealth alliance.org.


That's my nonprofit organization. And where you from? Brother Mental Wealth? Alabama. Alabama. Alabama. Yes. Mental wealth alliance.org. Go go to the, go to the contact us tab and and somebody will get back to you. And what's your cash app brother? Gotcha It. Dollar sign. K-O-R-D-N-E-E-E. And what grade do you teach? Seventh grade science. Okay, brother. Yeah, man, I'm sorry that you're going through what you're going through. My brother. Hey man, any day. Aboveground is a good day, man. I just, you just gotta deal with it, man. That's it. One day at a time, brother. That's it. All right brother. Thank y'all. Births Club. Thank You for calling in brother. One ghetto day at a time, baby. Get it off your chest.


805 8 5 1 0 5 1. If you need to vent, hit us up now. It's The, Breakfast. Club. Good morning The. Breakfast, Club. It's your time to get it off your chest. Whether you're mad or blessed, Hopeful you have the same energy. We want to hear from you on The. Breakfast. Club. Hello? Who's this? Yo, it's Khalil from the 8 0 4. What's Up Khalil from the 8 0 4. What up? What the hell is the 8 0 4 Virginia? Oh Yeah. Good morning. Good morning. Good morning to you all. Good morning, brother. What's up King? Absolutely. I wanna get off my chest. First thing first. Good morning, Lauren. Good morning. I will see you this weekend at Norfolk State Homecoming. I'd like to tell everybody else I thank you for the opening act, but the real act is about to get in this weekend.


Oh, okay. So Gho was the opening act and all the other schools is what you're seeing. Everybody is always the opening act when Norfolk state's up. Okay, So you coming to the Alumni Fest on Friday, October 25th, right? Oh Yeah. I already got my tickets and everything. Okay. Bet I love Norfolk State, but, But absolutely You know. Shout out to my cousin Envy You know we not gonna talk about it. We not facing each other this weekend. Okay. So it's All love. All right. But as soon as we face each other, I'm not talking to a pirate rat. Oh, Oh a py rat. Okay. I hear, I hear that talk. I love your homecoming, but I don't know if you got anything on Hampton. If you got anything on Howard or if you got anything on Gho though. But we Delaware State University. Don't get quiet. State. Don't get quiet. Don't Proud of love now.


But I definitely want to get off my test. I've been driving across country for the last three days. First of all, America is way too huge. You know it's nice, but I wish America was a little bit smaller so I can get from coast to coast a whole lot easier. Why you driving across the country? Unfortunately, Lauren, I'm going through a divorce, so my family is in Virginia and I'm leaving my life in California. Got you. Sorry to hear about that. Yeah, sorry to hear about that man. Why y'all getting a divorce? It really, Oh see your phone broke up. God don't want you to tell that story. God, whatever lie.


Whatever lie you was telling, God didn't want you to say it. All right. All right. Have a great day. Lauren. Single. You are too. So You know it is what it is. Sorry, Lauren just sent you up. I'm of cool on Freshly divorced. You kind of cool on Freshly divorced. Hello? Who's this? This is Charlene. What's up Charlene? Get it off your chest, Man. I was just saying, I'm trying to listen to The Breakfast Club. I love y'all all the way down here in North Carolina. Nancy, y'all don't get that Trump outta there because we ain't trying to hear none of that. We ain't coming to hear none of that. You said if we don't get that, what? The Trump. Oh, Laura Trump. You didn't like Laura Trump interview? No, not at all. Well, it's election season You. know what I mean? So just like You know Democrats send they surrogates up here and the Green Party send they they candidates up here.


Republicans gonna send they surrogates and they candidates up here too, Man, get her outta there. All them Trump lies. Don't even know what her father-in-law said. He didn't say that girl. Yes, he did. We not trying to hear that. The, World is in a much better place without Donald Trump in, in the highest office in the land. Well, the most Thelonious person I ever seen would not be in jail. Well y'all, you ain't trying to hear that. Well, y'all gotta You know. Well, we gotta make sure and come November, you go out there and you exercise your right to vote. Talk is cheap. You gotta go out there and vote. I'm definitely, definitely always voting. Always voting. Yes ma'am. What part of North Carolina are you calling from? I'm calling from the Home, Of, Tampa Jones, Jacksonville, North Carolina. So how does it look? Don There you see a lot of like, like, like Trump Vance signs, the Harris Wall signs like, what's happening?


Talk to me. It's a blend, a blended mix on my street. I see it all. Okay. Everybody has their opinions, but we listening to our radio shows, we're supporting you all. We know we gotta be fair and let everyone have their voice. But we ain't trying to hear no Trump on the on The. Breakfast Club. Well thank you. They all, the whole, all them can get the donkey every day. Thank you. Yes, ma'am. Hello, who's this? Hey, this is Jay from Carroll City. Hey, what's up Jay? Get it off your chest. Not much, man. Yo, we gotta remember who is giving us Don checks, man. Man, shut up. Shut your man. Whoever, Whoever at giving us some stimulus checks. Okay? That was helping the American people, man.


Man. Okay, well let's talk about it. Time was no, no. Okay, so let's talk about it. Democrats and Republicans in Congress passed the bill for people to get stimulus checks. Donald Trump put his name on the first two and Joe Biden gave you a stimulus check. Now what? Man, whoever, whoever, I ain't a Democrat. I ain't a Republican man. Whoever gonna help us out, bro. Hey Kamala, she going to give a first time home by 25 racks, right? That's right. 20 racks. Yes. That's only gonna make the seller raise the price $25,000 more. So how is that gonna help? That's not, that's not true. Second Of all, second of all, now you talking, really going, oh, we going to build more houses and stuff like that, bro, about, I've been born and raised in Miami-Dade County, Carroll City, every our piece of property already been built on.


Where the hell are we gonna build more fricking property You. know what I'm Saying? Young King, listen to me. Listen to me. Young King, I want you to think about this for a second. Number one, you're never getting a stimulus check, man. Listen, you're never getting a stimulus check ever again because there's never gonna be covid ever again. And hopefully there's never another global pandemic ever again. Number two, based off your logic, what makes you think when you get a $1,200 stimulus check? People won't put the price of everything up, Man. That's what they gotta control though, man. And Also, no, I want you to use the same logic you just used for the house thing because you, you shot down the $20,000 for first time home buyers. But you said you want a stimulus check. So if you get another stimulus check, what makes you think that the corporation's not gonna shoot the price of everything up? Especially if the tariffs and everything is brought back to the us.


That's right. It's gonna be more. Yeah. Yeah, you're right. So It's gonna cost more money to buy it. You're right. That's, that's what's up about the government though, man. Everything man. All of that. Well This is what I want you to do. I want you to go out there and make messed. I want you to make informed decisions on who you going to vote for. And please don't vote for Abu a dumb ass stimulus check that you are never gonna see again. Like, like I was saying earlier, a lot of people are making their decisions based off of news. That's not real. Yeah, I know. I gotta stop saying I I You know what? And you keep arguing with everybody gonna drive you crazy. No, I'm not arguing Don blood pressure. No, no, no, no, no. You gonna fall out and then somebody got to give you CPR And I. Don't wanna do that Don. I don't. I don't argue. And I don't have an emotional connection to none of this. Yes you do. Just my first reaction is to say, shut your dumb ass up.


And I. Don't wanna say that to people. Get it off your chest. 805 8 5 1 0 5 1. If you need to vent, hit us up now. We got just with the mess with Long La Rosa. We do. Cardi B got a CPS called on her yesterday. Really? Right. We gonna talk about it. That's crazy. All right, let's get to that next Mr. The. Breakfast. Club. Good morning The. Breakfast Club. Good morning everybody. It's Djj. NV Jess. Hilarious. Charlamagne the guy We are The Breakfast. Club. Let's get to just with the Mess with Lauren Osa Is real. Jessica Robin Moore just don't do no lying. Don Do. She don't spare nobody. World. Why? Jess Worldwide mess on The.


Breakfast Club. She's the coaches with Lauren. Lauren LaRosa. And. I got the mess. Talk Talk to me. So Cardi B went live last night and it was like late last night. 'cause I saw it on my time this morning when I was driving in and she was talking about the fact that she believes it was a fan that was just pranking her. They called CPS to her house. Child Protective Services. Let's take a listen For you mother to do a little prank call for Child Protective Services to come to my house, my gated mansion at 11:00 PM while my children are sleeping. Because there's an anonymous call that my kids have been getting abused and beaten. Are you dumb?


This is when the pranks start getting too far. When you mother think the funny and it's not funny. First of all, we are the only colored people in my neighborhood completely. And for mothers to pop up in my house with cops and Child Protective Services because you mother wanna do an anonymous call involving my children. I'm gonna sue Child Protective Services for coming to my house. And I'm also gonna sue the person that did this anonymous call. My kids have never been touched. We take very great care of our kids. You know I was watching Sarah Jake Roberts this weekend and she did a great sermon talking about You know, I think it was called Shifting the Weight And it Talk, she talked about the higher you go the heavier the weight you have to carry.


But nobody should have to deal with that. Like, like, like what happened to Cardi. That's just the epitome of misery Loves company. 'cause you got people sitting around miserable and angry at The World because they're not in the position in life that they wanna be in. So you call CPS on her And. I. Don't think people understand like getting Child Protective Services involved in anybody's household. And and and it's not necessary. That is. There's so many steps of different things you have to go through to clear that. That absolutely you shouldn't have to if your kids are okay. That traumatizes the children. I don't like that at all. They gotta ask the kid questions. No. And it's just a Lot. Well this is the thing. If it's an anonymous call, like Cardie said, CPS should speak to the teachers first. Right? To see if there is an issue and if there is a problem, if the teachers say everything is okay, it should have been nothing.


Why do teachers, 'cause the kids go to school every Day. They're gonna have to, they investig. That's I'm, it's not like they just come, oh you good. They leave. There's a whole investigation Should they should go to the school first. And also what Cardi said.


I'm Julian Delman, I'm Rob Gronkowski. Guess what folks? We're teammates again and we're gonna welcome you guys all to dudes on. Dudes. I'm a dude. You're a dude. And dudes on Dudes is our brand new show. We're gonna highlight players, peers, guys that we played against, legends from the past. And we're just gonna sit here and talk about 'em and we'll get into the types of dudes. What kind of types of dudes are there? Gros. We got Studs, wizards, we got Freaks or Dudes. Dude, we got Dogs Dog. We'll break down their games. We'll share some insider stories and determine what kind of dude each of these dudes are. Is Randy Moss a stud or a freak? Is Tom Brady a dog or a dude's? Dude, we're Gonna find out. Jules new episodes drop every Thursday during the NFL season. Listen to dudes on, dudes on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts.


Hey Bo. Hey Matt. Are you ready to tell the readers about the extra special episode we have coming up, sweetie? Yes. Boring. I see. So, but you can do that kind of spooky. Scary. Well yeah, but it's also because it's a ride and down on it. But you're in it. You know. Yeah, you're In the Spook. I think we have to let them in in our little surprise. Yeah. If you haven't already figured it out. Can't believe this. Mariah Carey will be joining us this week. I say, oh, I wanna go work with such and such From Across Town. Yeah, from across Town. My girl Across town. Yeah. Across town. I know a guy Across Town. I know a guy Breeds publicist. Katie's and finalists tune in to maybe the most unforgettable episode of Lost Colt Trees. This yet, there's one more question which I promised myself I would ask. Can you drop that grunge album? I'm so mad that I haven't done that yet. But you Don't have to be mad because You're in control. I am. But who do I drop it with? So should we start a label? Maybe? Wow. Listen to Oscar JTA on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts or wherever you get your podcasts.


I, I felt too seen Dragged. I'm nk. And this is Basket Case. So I basically had what back in the day, they would call A nervous breakdown. I was crying And I was inconsolable. It was just very big sudden swaps of different Meds. What is wrong with me? Oh, look at you. Gimme Therapy girl. Finally, a show for the mentally ill girlies on Basket Case. I talk to people about what happens from what we call mental health is shaped by the conditions of The World we live in. Because if you haven't noticed, we are experiencing some kind of conditions that are pretty hard to live with. But if you struggle to cope, the society that created the conditions in the first place will tell you there's something wrong with you. And it will call you a Basket Case. Listen to Basket Case every Tuesday on the iHeartRadio app at apple Podcasts or wherever you get your podcasts.


Hey, this is Justin Richmond, host of the Broken Record podcast. Every week I or my co-host, Leah a Rose, sit down with the artists you love to get unparalleled creative insight. Now we have a special series where we speak with the artist behind one of the most influential jazz labels of the 20th Century Blue Note records. You'll hear from artists like Nine Time Grammy Award-winning No Jones, John Mellencamp and Madonna collaborator, Michelle and De Cello. And from the legendary Ron Carter, former member of the Miles Davis Quintet, who's also played with Herbie Hancock. And on Gil Scott Herons. The Revolution will not be televised. Join us over at Broken Record to hear stories behind the legendary label. Listen on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you listen to podcasts.


Welcome home y'all. 72 days. 47 days only. There Are 33. Count 'em. 33 days until election day. Do something. Hey y'all, I'm Angela Rye here with my co-host Andrew Gillum and Tiffany Cross of Native Lamb po. So listen, we are all feeling so anxious about this upcoming election. And I know you guys are too. I am scared. Okay, You know what I'm bracing for right now, honestly Is this October surprise. The October Surprise is the war. The one we need to talk about. Democracy is on the line. That's why we created Native Lamp Pod to give voice to the voiceless and duet tip cut Through the nonsense. They take splinters and US population grievances between black folk, white folks, so on and so forth. And then they manipulate it. Yes. Black voters and Latino voters are clearly a big threat to the GOP. Welcome home, y'all welcome all. Listen to Native Lamb Pod on the iHeartRadio app. apple Podcasts are wherever you get your podcasts.


If you didn't, if you cut the audio F fast, Cardi says she pays a nanny $700 a day for one kid. Yep. Few times that by what? Seven times that by four times that by 12. That's $236,000 a year. She pay that. That's Nanny for the baby. She said baby school is 35,000. That's right. A culture school is, I think she said 40 to 45,000. They like to shop at American Dream. They are very well taken care of. They have the best life ever. They do not play about their kids. Flew to that nanny for 235,000. Woo. Okay. And I Wonder Body. I wanted to CPS react to everybody the same way. Did they react like that because it was Cardi B? Like if they just got some random call about some, just some person in anywhere America, would they, would they show up the same way?


I doubt it. I I'm pretty sure they're doing it because of bar the investigation. Right. Like I feel like there would be some steps before just pop up to somebody, somebody's house And Because she said that they came with the CPS cars and cop cars and all that. I've never seen cop cars come and CPS comes, but I, I don't know. But she also on this live, she, 'cause when she's doing a live, I was like, she's laying in a hospital bed like what the heck is going on? So she talked about why she's actually laying in a hospital bed. Let's take a listen. And Don don't know if I wanna go to a hospital or do I gotta go to like a urgent care or something because I have not been right like And, I'm not even trying to sound exaggerated or anything. But I have not been right ever since that birthday party. First thing first after the birthday party, I was throwing up for two days straight.


I've been having a headache ever since. And my headache has not been going away. Like I've been drinking like six et a day. The my prescribed me headache medications. I have not been able to do nothing. And I cannot keep no food down. I don't know if I have food, I mean liquor poisoning or something. But it's like my stomach is flat ass. I cannot put my fat on because my stomach feels very like I got the crazy runs. Like, I don't know. Well Yo, when I saw Herling in the hospital bed, I was so concerned. I'm still concerned. I want her to be okay. But ain't nothing like a Cardi B rundown bed. Not, not at all. Okay. Not at all. I know one thing. What? Can't blame that one on Diddy. All. Okay. DIDs in jail.


Yeah, but back You know back to the CPS. I just hope that they did their, their initial investigation. 'cause if not, and they're going around because of this body B bar B gonna sue the hell outta that organization. Oh, she already said she called Drew felon this morning. Absolute. And so will we because we will be on the case and we'll be following every step of this. If You know as this plays out and as You know, whatever investigation is done and wrapped up. So that's what's just to her and her family Into the miserable ass person. The angry ass person whose life sucks. Who thinks that You know calling CPS on somebody You know is, is, is going to, is going to make them feel better. You still gonna wake up you this morning? It's not funny. No, it's not, it's not funny. You still, you still going wake up miserable yourself this morning because it's embarrassing.


You police your life is not gonna change. CPS calls come now that's trauma for your kids. That's not like that's, nah, your life is not gonna change. 'cause you called CPS on, on Cardi B. Yeah. And she also talked about too, like I know Cardi and her family have a lot going on right now on top of this because You know recently the divorce stuff is happening and all that. She talked about that and she said that the divorce is still going down and that she just wants peace. She wants her offset to be able to co-parent and be good and be You know her parents are happy and they, they take care of their kids even though they're not together. She just trying to find peace. And y'all calling CPS on for no Reason. That's whack. It's just lame man. Like nobody should have to deal with that. I don't care how much money you got, I don't care how much success you got. Like that's just, it's just lame for somebody to do.


That's it's trash. But we'll be on it. We'll be following this as a it un rival. So alright. Stay locked And nine days you still gonna have to pay your bills on the first. Dang. Like nothing's changing for you. I hate The first Like, like and you, you did all of that to try to hurt Cardi B because you mad about your life and nothing's gonna change about your situation. Nothing gonna change. Nothing. Nope. A hundred nanny still gonna make more than you. $700 a day. 235,000 a year. It's Crazy. Well I was about to call card and be like, well, You know Madison just graduated. She need a job right now. No, for real. Alright, well when we come back, we got front page news. I wish I could watch kids. Morgan will be joining us. Well no, Morgan will not be joining us.


Her last night, her Ravens played cry. We're assuming she was out and about. I was about to say, well why can't you watch? Kids Wanna tell us they cry too. I can't. No. Stop playing with me. Know what You mean. Don't stop playing with me. I could Watch kid. What they cry. I can't do the overnight thing with the babies crying and waking up throughout the night. Like I I But You want a baby? When and when it's my kid, it's gonna be different. And I'm having nannies. Okay, So nannies plural, man, slow down. Find a man first. All speeding. You doing this morning. Put your goddamn seatbelt on. The seatbelt is on. Okay. I'm in driving by itself. I ain't worried about nothing. The front Page news is next is The. Breakfast. Club. Good morning. Morning everybody. It's DJ NV, just hilarious. Charlamagne the guy. We are The, Breakfast Club. Lauren LaRosa filling in for Jess.


And let's get in some front page news. Now Morgan, I think her Ravens played last night. I told y'all that last hour. Y'all don't be listening to me. I'm like, yo, the Ravens played, they 1 41. The freaking 19 or the 41 to 31 against the bucking is And she probably was out drinking. Yeah. And and that's exactly what it seemed like she did. But her Ravens, like you said, won last night. 41 31. The Cardinals beat the charges 1715 in some sports. Now also, mayor Eric Adams has kept his promise, he a promise promised the WNBA New York Liberty, that if they won, they will get a ticker tape parade. And that is exactly what's gonna happen. It is going down Thursday at 10:00 AM Manhattan's Battery Park. They will walk to City Hall where they will have a ceremony there.


So congratulations to the New York Liberty and drop on a cruise bomb from Mayor Adams just walking around like everything's normal. Okay? That's what you do, man. Walk around like everything's fine. Okay. Everybody else doing it? Yes. Okay. Absolutely. Donald Trump out here walking around like everything's fine. Cracking jokes at roast and stuff. Yeah, you do the same. Now, vice president Kam Lahara was on the campaign trail in the battleground state of Pennsylvania yesterday with former Republican Congresswoman Liz Cheney. And he spoke about what the upcoming election is all about. With just 15 days until election day, vice President Harris returned to Pennsylvania Monday, sitting for a town hall in Malvern. And for the second time, in as many weeks, Harris came to our area, specifically to court independent voters and Republicans.


Leery of another four years of former President Trump. Yes, we're gonna have disagreements, but I actively invite good ideas from wherever they come. That's All at the center of Harris's pitch was what she sees as the stakes of this election. The vice president sought to cast Trump as a threat to American democratic values. We cannot, with such fundamental stakes being presented, afford to be mired in ideological differences without really staking our claim to the most fundamental ideals upon which our country stands. This is one of three events across battleground states. Harris will take part in Monday where she was also joined by former Republican Congresswoman Liz Cheney.


The most conservative of all conservative principles is being faithful to the Constitution. And you have to choose in this race between someone who has been faithful to the constitution, who will be faithful. And Donald Trump. They're being too nice man. You're talking about a guy who said he wants to terminate the constitution to overthrow the results of an election. You're talking about a guy who constantly talks like an authoritarian, who constantly talks like a complete fascist who says he wants to jail political opponents. Who wants to turn the military on American citizens You know who wants to You know jail journalists. Like you gotta stop saying things like these are ideological differences. No, this is a dude that straight up talking like a would be dictator and, and You know you can't just chalk that up to oh is just tongue in cheek.


He's just You know saying things because he running an election. No. And also Liz Cheney, the same way they had President Obama out there a couple of weeks ago, waving his fingers at black men, scolding black men. Liz Cheney need to be doing that to white women. 'cause 52% of white women voted for Trump in 2016 and 55% of white women voted for Donald Trump in 2020. Where's their, where's their, where's their scolding at? Right? You Think that the Liz Cheney, like this three day tour that they're doing, you think is gonna be successful in Pennsylvania For, I really honestly don't know because I don't know how many Republicans are truly You know following Liz gonna, going, gonna follow, going, gonna vote for Kamala Harris. Right? Even, even with Liz Cheney's endorsement. You know, maybe this, this tour is for the undecided.


Maybe it's for the independents. I don't know, but I don't know how many Republicans they're gonna flip. But I mean, it's campaign season so you can't leave no stone in unturned. They say They targeting the undecided. Mm. Of course they are. Aren't for sure if they're gonna, the Republicans who aren't for sure if they're gonna vote for Trump again. Now VP Harris is declining to do a live interview with Elon Musk on X. Now this is according to billionaire investor, mark Cuban. He said he told the Harris campaign he would try to connect them, but she has declined. I don't, I don't agree with that interview. That's not one I would do either. He could because Elon Musk is drawing a clear line in the sand. And I mean. I just don't see where Elon Musk would try to be fair in any way, shape or form. You know. Yep. And You know Elon Musk can't handle tough questions himself.


So you see that Don lemon, he crumbled under Don lemon. So, so the audacity of him to want to sit across from Vice, President, Kamala Harris And and try to ask some tough questions. You, until you can answer tough questions, you shouldn't be able to ask them. And lastly, in some local news, this front page of the Daily News today, members of the Central Park five. Now we brought this up during Laura Trump, the fact that he put out a full page ad in the paper. Well they are now suing former President Trump, Yusef Salam, Antron McCray, Kevin Richardson, Raymond Santana, and Cory Wise, the five men exonerated after years in jail for the brutal beating and rape of a Central Park jogger are suing former president Donald Trump for his comments made during the September 10th debate when A lot of people, including Mayor Bloomberg, agreed with me on the Central Park.


Five. They admitted, they said they pled guilty. And I said, well, if they pled guilty, they'd badly hurt a person. Killed a person. Ultimately, The jogger did not die. Bloomberg was not mayor at the time. And as the lawsuit from the men now alleges, they pleaded not guilty after confessions, they say were coerced. Of course they were later exonerated the federal lawsuit seeks unnamed damages. Salam. Now a council member from Harlem initially indicated he would talk about the lawsuit Monday, but ignored reporter questions. The Trump campaign says the defamation suit is nothing more than a political ploy Two weeks from the election. I'll never understand how DNA evidence can exonerate people.


And people will still go out there and say that person was guilty. I don't understand it either. All freaking say and not just Trump. All the people that made a mistake back then. Nobody says, I'm sorry. Nobody says, I apologize. Nobody says I put you guys through hell. Well let's be I I put you on a pa on the ad in the paper. They were exonerated. Well, let's be clear. I mean despite inconsistent and inaccurate confessions, DNA evidence that excluded them, no eyewitness accounts You know they did that get exonerated and they did settle the civil case for $41 million. Right. And You know what's gonna happen Hopefully with this one I have to pay like you weigh again. Trump ain't got it. You don't think ain't got nothing. Nah. Trump got fired. Trump. God, that ain't Nah. Trump is spending all this money on so many other criminal cases and civil cases and all types of other stuff.


Nah. Well that is front page news. Alright, now, like we said, Morgan I think was out and about last night celebrating the Ravens win over the Buccaneers. So she didn't call up this morning, but she is fine. We spoke to her. She is okay. Maybe I need to get more in this football thing. She had a time. Yeah, she had a time. Now let's open up the phone lines (800) 585-1051. Yesterday during just with the mess with Lauren LaRosa, she reported about Trina that something that was going trending. Trina said what now? So Trina said that she is not worried about we have the audio. Did you get a prenup? I didn't. Why not? 'cause my husband brings all of his money to me. So I'm in charge. He can't spend a dime without my consent.


Can't spend a dime for nothing unless it goes through me. That's what I'm talking about. Bringing up that thing go up. I see everything. That's What I'm talking about. So we're asking 805 8 5 1 0 5 1. What are your thoughts on what Trina said? Now, yesterday when I got home, I was talking to my wife You know I do a podcast with my wife and we were talking about it yesterday. And I was like, yeah, I mean that's how it works in, in this household. You know I make check. You take care of all the bills and when we buy anything, we have a discussion. You know what she wants to buy, what I wanna buy. It's just, that's what we've been doing. Me and my wife been together since 16. How has that Worked for you? It's Great's. So what's The issue? Why people say, but my wife was like, the thing that, that people might be caught on is the word permission. And I was like, well we get permission. She was like, no, we don't get permission. We have a conversation about it.


And if you really want to do it, there is no permission. I You know we, we discuss it. Permission. You buy, ask your wife if you can buy some weights, man. Dumbbell You. know what I'm saying? Some dumbbells or something. Some protein powder, man. Okay. Because them arms look a little crazy in them. Them video the podcast promo video, That's your son as a trainer is crazy. Word Is bond. How long can I get diesel as hell? And you out here built like that man. And, I. Think she actually said consent. I mean, I guess that's the same thing, right? What, what word did she actually use with it? It gives the effect of, Yeah, emasculating. I didn't take it like that, but a lot of people were. Let's discuss (800) 585-1051. Call us up now it's The. Breakfast Club. Good morning The. Breakfast Club.


It's topic time. Call 8 5 8 5 1 0 5 1 to join into the discussion with The Breakfast Club. Talk about it. Morning everybody. It's DJ NV Jess. Hilarious. Charlamagne the guy. We are The Breakfast Club. Long a Rosa filling in for Jess. Now if you just joining us, we're talking about Trina. Now Trina did a, an interview with Keisha Kor, correct? Yes. Keisha Kor. And she talked about her relationship of prenup and how they handle finances in their relationship. And this is what she said. Did you get a prenup? I didn't. Why not? 'cause my husband brings all of his money to me. So I'm in charge.


He can't spend a dime without my consent. Can't spend a dime for nothing unless it goes through me. That's what I ringing up that thing go up. I see everything. That's What I'm talking about. So we're asking 805 8 5 1 0 5 1. What are your thoughts now? Yesterday, well me and my wife, were doing our podcast. We do a podcast on relationship. We talk about everything. Relationship. Our podcast. My wife heard the show yesterday morning and she was like, I just didn't like the consent or permission. Like she was like, yeah, we are in a relationship where we talk about things if we buy it You know we have a discussions. But cassette sounded to her a little emasculating emasculating she said. And she feels like that shouldn't be in a relationship. So let me ask you what, well, let me ask Charlamagne first.


Ooh, ooh. Charlamagne shady Boots. I mean, you asked Your wife could you buy them shady boots? I Did. She said no. Well, tri Trina's a married woman You. know what I mean? That's what happens when you're married. You run things by your significant other. Correct. Especially big purchases You know what I'm saying? It's not like You know. My wife goes to the store and like when her and my daughter shopping, they like, oh, we buying this, we buying that. No, but I mean, if it's certain big purchases Yeah. Like You know And I do the same thing. 'cause me too, sometimes you wanna be talked outta stuff. Hey, hey, you think I should buy? That's the truth. You think I should buy such and such and such and such for how much money? And my wife will be like, no. Yep. All the time. And, and nine times outta 10, she's right. Right. You know. So I I don't have a problem with it.


That's what married people do. You unmarried heathens. I bet it's a bunch of unmarried people in the comments commentating on married people's lives. It was Sit your dumb asses down. Lauren, what do you think? We gotta get back to telling people sit they dumb asses down, commenting on stuff they ain't got no business commenting on. You Been saying that all day. Who told you that recently? Huh? Who told you to sit your dumb ass down recently? I ain't even say nothing. Lauren. Oh, now see, now I got nothing. Go ahead. Go ahead. Go ahead. What's your thoughts, Lord? I was gonna say, I agree with y'all. And, I think that that's the type of marriage that I would want. And all of the people in my life who've had successful marriages for like decades, that's how they are. There is no, no one's arguing about consent and like whatever. It's whatever is best for the relationship. And most of the men understand that sometimes they gotta sit their dumb message down and let the woman make some decisions.


And I was so hoping I could tell you to sit your dumb ass down this morning, but you, I'm Gonna be a great wife, but You had The right answer. I'm gonna be a great wife. Hello. Who's this? Sit your dumb ass down. Yep. Hello. Who's this? Oh hey, what's your name? Brother. Hey, Good morning. It's Tommy. This is Tommy, bro. Tommy, what's your thoughts? My thoughts is, I agree with you on what you said about your relationship with the wife. I just don't dis I don't agree with the word play because it's all about respect in the relationship and according to God. Like that's what the relationship is. It's, it's a partnership. It becomes one. So that's right. It's all about respect at the end of the day, bro. Yeah, I agree with that. I think that word consent was what a lot of people were like, You know what? Yeah, You don't give consent, but listen, why, why do us husbands act like consent is a bad word?


Because n nine times outta 10 when you now You know. Because when you a married man, somebody says, Hey, you want to do such and such? What do you say? Lemme check on my wife. Lemme go check on my wife. Y'all say that so much Here. You know what? You know what It's it's pride bro. It's pride at the end of day. That's what it's, it's all about what people think about how the outside world is. That's why I don't, I wouldn't fus about it, but I could just understand why people were kicked off by it. Hey, guess what I'm proud about? Guess what I'm most proud about? My wife. I'm proud to have a beautiful wife that is a family that is a stable, is a de matriarch of our family. So I am proud to be able to say, Hey, let me, let me check with my wife real quick, quick. Lemme run this by my wife. Lemme run this by my wife real quick. I do it every day, multiple times a day.


And my wife does it to me too. I don't have a problem with it. When people got upset about it, I'm like, that's how my relationship is. And, I don't feel a way when I, when I need to do something or I wanna go somewhere or I'm, I wanna buy some of your bag. What do you think about this? Nah, why? And then we talk about it. Yeah. And then, and until You know, we, we get on the same page. It is what it is. And. I don't have a problem with it. She does the same with me. Now that I think about it. All my friends in my family, if they talking to me about something, they'd be like, lemme just call my wife You. know what I mean? Lemme just call such and such because they know, like call my wife. It's so normal in marriages. I don't know anybody who don't lean into their wife. Hello? Who's this? Hi, This is Lauren. Hey Lauren. Hey Lauren. Good morning. Hey, good morning. What's your thoughts Lauren?


So, So I think that I You know I kind of have a mix of deals about this. So I think that a is required for somebody who, that amount of money, because I made that money or not me, but people made that money before you, Hold on, hold on. Whatever you have while that's, that's marital property at that point. Hold on. I ain't hear nothing she said. I feel Like she was, she was going in. Hello? Who's this Mel from Columbia, South Carolina. Mel, what's up brother? Talk to us. What's your thoughts? What's up? Well, I'm trying to tell y'all is Trina got to be outta her mind. There's no grown man that's going to need permission from his wife to go out and buy something.


Whether I'm buying whether I'm trading in my car, getting a new car, buying some shoes, You know some clothes to go out if we are going out or stopping my CVS to get a prescription. She sound crazy. She need to walk that back unless she married a 17-year-old young man. If she did that, then I understand that. So that's all I'm saying. Trina need to walk that back. She didn't think about what she said and didn't realize how long, what it sound like. How long you been married King? Ain't no snap. Has he been married? He married. How are you married, king? Yeah, I'm married. How long you Been married? Over 20 years. And you tell I've been married. 22. Been with us since. Since for 30. For 32. And You don't ask your wife nothing. You don't. When somebody says something to you and be like, yo, let me check with the wife real quick.


Or you don't run nothing by your wife or you just No, I run It by it. Just like NBC. We have a conversation about it. I'm not going out and buy a house without talking to her. But if we, if I'm going to get an outfit or I'm buying, picking up something for the kids or just going out and buying me a tool set 'cause I got the work to do on the weekend, we ain't gonna have a conversation about that. Yeah, But I don't think that's, but see, I think, I think everybody's taking this outta context. 'cause I feel like that's what she means. Like we all married and we know what she means when it comes to them big purchases or like those, those things that you going to notice. Like yo who spent such and such on such and such, you gonna ask, you gonna run it by your significant other. No doubt that's always going be a conversation. But the way she said it, that's why I said she needs to just correct what she said.


That's what I said. People were mad about the consent because that's what everybody going crazy. Yeah. People were mad about the consent thing. Like, like permission. Like it was like a child. Like you give your child consent or you give your child permission to do something.


I'm Julian Delman. I'm Rob Gronkowski. Guess what folks? We're teammates again and we're gonna welcome you guys all to dudes on. Dudes. I'm a dude. You're a dude. And Dudes on Dudes is our brand new show. We're gonna highlight players, peers, guys that we played against, legends from the past. And we're just gonna sit here and talk about 'em and we'll get into the types of dudes. What kind of types of dudes are there? Drunks. We got Studs, wizards, we got Freaks. Or Dudes. Dude, we got Dogs Dog. We'll break down their games. We'll share some insider stories and determine what kind of dude each of these dudes are. Is Randy Moss a stud or a freak? Is Tom Brady a dog or a dude's? Dude, we're Gonna find out. Jules new episodes drop every Thursday during the NFL season. Listen to dudes on, dudes on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts.


Hey Bo. Hey Matt. Are you ready to tell the readers about the extra special episode we have coming Up? Yes. See, so But You can do that kind of spooky scary Well, yeah, but it's also because it's a ride. Yeah. And down on It. But you're in it You know. Yeah, exactly. You're you're in the spook. I think we have to let them in in our little surprise. Yeah. If you haven't already figured it out. Can't believe this Mariah Carey will be joining us this week. I say, oh, I wanna go work with such and such From Across Town. Yeah, from across Town. My girl Across town. Yeah. Across town. I know A guy across Town. I know a guy, Breeders publicist Katie's and finalists Tune in to maybe the most unforgettable episode of Lost Cot Trees. This yet there's one more question which I promised myself I would ask. Can you drop that grunge album? I'm so mad that I haven't done that yet. But You don't have to be mad Because you're in control. I am. But who do I drop it with? Well, should we start a label? Maybe. Wow. Listen to Oscar DTAs on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts or wherever you get your podcasts.


I felt too seen Dragged. I'm nk. And this is Basket Case. So I basically had what back in the day, they would Call a nervous breakdown. I was crying And I was inconsolable. It was just very big sudden swaps of different meds. What is wrong with me? Oh, look at you. Gimme Therapy girl. Finally, a show for the mentally ill girlies on Basket Case. I talk to people about what happens when what we call mental health is shaped by the conditions of The World we live in. Because if you haven't noticed, we are experiencing some kind of conditions that are pretty hard to live with. But if you struggle to cope, the society that created the conditions in the first place will tell you there's something wrong with you. And it will call you a Basket Case. Listen to Basket Case every Tuesday on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts.


Hey, this is Justin Richmond, host of the Broken Record podcast. Every week I or my co-host Leah Rose, sit down with the artists you love to get unparalleled creative insight. Now we have a special series where we speak with the artist behind one of the most influential jazz labels of the 20th Century Blue Note records. You'll hear from artists like Nine Time Grammy Award-winning Nor Jones, John Mellencamp and Madonna collaborator, Michelle and De o Cello. And from the legendary Ron Carter, former member of the Miles Davis Quintet. He was also played with Herbie Hancock. And on Gil Scott Herons. The Revolution will not be televised. Join us over at Broken Record to hear stories behind the legendary label. Listen on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you listen to podcasts.


Welcome home y'all. 72 days, 47 days only. There Are 33. Count 'em 33 days until election day. Do something. Hey y'all, I'm Angela r here with my co-host, Andrew Gillum and Tiffany Cross of Native Lamb Pod. So listen, we are all feeling so anxious about this upcoming election. And I know you guys are too. I am scared. Okay, You know what I'm bracing for right now, honestly is this October surprise. The October surprise is the war. The one we need to talk about. Democracy is on the line. That's why we created Native lamp pod to give voice to the voiceless and duet if Cut through the nonsense, They take splinters and us population grievances between black folk, white folks, so on and so forth. And then they manipulate it. Yes, black Voters and Latino voters are clearly a big threat to the GOP. Welcome home, y'all. Welcome home. Listen to Native Lamp pod on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts or wherever you get your podcasts.


That's why I know people were mad. Oh God dammit. I'm a child. But like, like I said, okay, I don't, I don't know what y'all talking about. I I I need consent, I need permission, I need for this. And maybe some of the wives should call up and I'm not a wife, but I will say in the last relationship I had, I learned that y'all men, y'all do revert back to your childish ways when you have a great woman. We be having to do a lot and think a lot for y'all. Sometimes I don't go nowhere without my wife. Like, like, And it's not even Yes, you go ahead. 'cause I Don't go nowhere without y'all. My wife's like, if seriously if we not going, I'm not going. Okay. And I'm going, I like, I gotta be in such and such on this day. Can you come? Like literally, if she's not able to make it for whatever reason, like the nanny can't stay or whatever, I'm, I'm probably not going.


That's just the way my life is Set up. Dinner. Y'all be like, babe, what we eating? Yes. Yeah. Absolutely. Exactly. Instead of, instead of saying, Hey babe, I'm hungry, can you make, this is what we eating right? Because everything kind of reverts when you get that woman that is like a, I see bro, my wife does my Schedule something wrong. What I'm just saying, y'all do revert back to y'all childish. My wife does my schedule this weekend. When, when I was at G my wife was like, well you gotta be back at this time. 'cause you gotta be at the game at this time. And then Jackson has a game at this time. And then we have like my wife does my schedule, I ain't doing all that. Now we got an assistant for that. Now my wife and my assistant does the schedule. They know where I'm gonna be, what time I need to be back and all that other stuff. But no, to your point, my wife wants my schedule from my assistant You. know what I'm saying? Like I don't, I don't listen man, I maybe I'm just, I've been with my wife for 26 years. That's just the way things are.


Like this don't, this ain't about pride or ego or consent part. Like I don't know what this, this, what happens when you in a partnership, I think think it's a partnership. I'm with You. I think when a man can get to this point where you guys are, where that word does not trigger you to the point where you trick out your spot and it's causing issues, that is a peaceful place to be at. You'll get there one day. Oh Know I will. I doubt it. I Know, but here's thing. But I do. But this, it is a partnership. It that's what marriage is. It's a partnership. And guess what? When you have a business partner, when you and a person have a business together, you gonna let that business partner know about all those purchases. Everything that you wanna talk to that business partner about where all of this money going, right? So why wouldn't you talk to your wife the same way? Why wouldn't your wife talk to the husband the same way?


Y'all got life messed up man. Y'all priorities be outta whack sometime. And I. Just don't be understanding it. 805 8 5 1 0 5 1. Let's discuss. This is what Trina said yesterday. That was trending. Let's discuss. Did you get a prenup? I didn't. Why not? 'cause my husband brings all of his money to me. So I'm in charge. He can't spend a dime without my consent. Can't spend a dime for nothing unless it goes through me. That's what I'm talking about. Ring it up. That thingo up. I see everything. That's what I I'm talking About. Call us up right now is The Breakfast. Club. Good morning daddy. Call My phone call man. It's topic time. Call 8 5 8 5 1 0 5 1 to join into the discussion with The Breakfast Club.


Morning everybody. It's DEJ Envy. Jess. Hilarious. Charlamagne the guy we are The. Breakfast. Club. Lauren la Rosa. Filling in for Jess. If you're just joining us, we're talking about something Trina said on Isha Kao podcast. Let's listen. Did you get a Prenup? I didn't. Why not? 'cause my husband brings all of his money to me. So I'm in charge. He can't spend a dime without my consent. Can't spend a dime for nothing unless it goes through me. That's what I'm talking about. Bringing up that thing old up. I see everything. That's What I'm talking about. So we're asking what are your thoughts? Hello? Who's this? Hi Andy. Hey, what's your name? Carrie Ann. I'm in Miami.


Hey Carrie Ann in Miami. What's your thoughts Mama? Listen Many to bring home the money You know that those are the relationships that last you'll bring home the bacon and we put it outside of serving how it's supposed to be served for all the relationships that have longevity that I know the woman controls the money. That's right. I don't see the problem Now about the prenup. She needs a prenup. Trust me, I know I was married for 20 years. She needs a prenup because we been divorce me to get very ugly. But yes, the relationship that last, you gotta let the money come into that woman account.


Let her pay the bills for the grocery shopping. You know we know what to do with it. Okay, thank you Kiara. kp. What's up kp? What up with the mv? Talk to me brother Man. Hey, so I just went through a situation this weekend where I ended up spending $1,500 on a new computer and my wife went crazy 'cause I ain't talked to her about it, which I'll admit she was right. But You know my justification was that hey, I'm a DJ and a podcast host. Shout out to such and such radio, but like You know. So I was like, hey, this is a tool for me. I need it.


It's an investment. Like I ain't just going to spend no frivolous money. But You know we have this agreement because we working towards home ownership and everything. We don't make big purchases without speaking to each other. First Of all, you spent 15, it was you spent $1,500 in Aint tell your wife number one. And number two, you spent it on podcast equipment and You know she don't want you doing that dumb ass podcast 'cause you be on there talking crazy. No, hold up. Wait a minute. Number one, You. Know what I'm saying? I done reached out to get on Black Effect. I'm talking good stuff. Like I said, go check it out and such and such radio. But two, I'm a DJ as well and she supports me. So hey look, she do support the brand, but it wasn't a podcast equipment, it was a computer.


That's a tool, bro. You gotta invest in yourself. No, I agree with you. But you got, but you also gotta tell your wife about that investment. You can't just spend $1,500 a lot of money bro. You, you exactly right. And You know. That's why I told her she was right afterwards. Like You know because it was just bro You know how we get and then You know my thing was, hey, I take care of the bills, I take care of the kids. Like You know they not lacking for nothing and this money didn't take away nothing from the household. It was my slave money so to say. But to her point, at least to bring her in on it, You shoulda had that conversation. Absolutely. And you took it as I'm invested in my career. Should be cool with it. But you just should have said, Hey babe, I'm going to buy a new laptop.


You know I needed for dj and she probably would've said, okay, no problem. You know what she probably would've did. She probably would've looked online and see which one was giving a 10% discount or 20% discount and you would've got a little cheaper. That's what you should have. Did I have a question For Boy Envy, you good at this marriage though? Because she did the exact thing I told you. Like, Hey, I went and found the exact same laptop and you coulda got it for $1,200. See? So I kind of fell DI Kind of fell dumb then. But I was like, alright. Yeah, lemme tell you that's what my, that's what my daughter and my wife does. When I wanna buy something, the first thing I do do is I send it to my daughter. My daughter will look online, look for coupons and she'll get it for the cheapest that she can get it. And my wife do the save And. I ain't, I ain't, I ain't afraid. I ain't no sucker to call him. I call him all the time.


I mean, and look, me and my wife, we have great communication. We have a great marriage. You know it was just one of them. You bro You know we have a one off every now and then. Yep. Like, hey, I need this. I gotta get this and go on and do it. But that's a slip on my part. Now I will say in regards to Trina comment, her delivery was off like You know because as soon as I heard it I was like, oh man, because like You know, she kind of made it seem like Buddy just You know go out, work for it and then just show up at the door with the money. Like here you go. Like where he ain't got no safe or whatever. So I be, Hey, who cares? Like, like that's literally, I know that's literally the way things are.


Like, like I, I remember hearing 50 cent tell a story about how his granddad used to just give all his money to his grandma because women know what to do with it. Like women know what to do with that. Money is Like that forever. My pop does it even now when when I come home from the week in DJing these schools and, and they gimme a check. Right? My wife the way, Lemme tell y'all, in passing my grandfather made sure that what was happening for my grandmother And my wife is the no person. My wife is so frugal. My wife looks at the cash apps. She's like, who, who, who is this person? Who is that person? And she's the no person. Because like when people come to me and they You know wanna borrow money, whatever, whatever I run about my wife wife's like no. Oh, I send her by my dad, my mom. Not that You're really nice. No, it's crazy because is not nice as you are. You're super nice.


I'm glad that your wife is like the person with some sense. Oh no, my wife is definitely the filter. She's the Hundred percent she's, that's probably who told you? Sit your dumb ass down. Yo. Always You know my daddy. The filter, my what? My dad, what my daddy What? No, When do, when do men get to this point in a relationship or the marriage though? 'cause it you be battling ego for a a little minute before this happened. So what point did y'all get here? I'm Gonna be honest with you, I've been with my wife for 26 years. I don't know anything else. Like me and my wife been married, we've been together 26 years. Married for what? 10? I don't But you've always been this like logical. Yeah, I've been with my wife for 30. So it's, we've been together since we was kids. Like, like that's like, it's literally like your business partner. That's why I said earlier, if you got a real business partner, you and your business partner are going to look at every single line item.


Y'all gonna discuss every single line item. Yeah. You know what's going out. You know what's going in. You don't want nothing spent without you knowing about it. So why wouldn't you look at your significant other the same exact way they like, like the logic don't make no sense. Like people talking about Pride. That's your wife. I'm with you. Like, all right well we got Justin the mess with coming up. What we talking about? We do. We are gonna get into the most recent, recent Usher concert. There was You know you be having a spottings there that always go viral. So we got a good one for you. All right, We'll get to that next. It's The. Breakfast Club. Good morning. Yeah, no Competition. Drop one Clues Bombs for Big Glow Gorilla. You got some gorilla news in just with the mess? Yes I do. You Talking so aggressive.


That's how Gorilla make me feel. Okay, that's my spirit. What about the gospel record that's on there? That's classic. That make me feel that way too. Really? I ain't gonna front man this weekend. I was riding that gorilla rain down on me. Did your boy knuckles off my eyes started watering. Boy, I'm not gonna lie to you. Really? Lord have mercy. Oh my God, you saying my hot? Let them Gods favorite. Good God has been to you Now. Good God has been to me. You hear me good? Oh man. I drove the, where did I go for my wife on Saturday? Chick-fil-A No. Was it something Another Chick-fil-A. What's one of 'em healthy spots? Sweet Green. Oh Sweet Green. I went to Sweet Green. Sweet Green. And. I had that rain down on me playing And. I was about to ball for no reason.


Just because God has been so good to me. Amen. Thank you God. Amen. Trump would clue bombs for God. Amen. Amen. Okay, Lord have mercy. Alright, shout out to Big Glow. Absolutely. I to because say shout out to God. He said, shout out to big. I already shout out God. And I. Shout out one of God's favorites. Big glow Gloria. Hallelujah. Woods. Okay, you got some gorilla news, right? You said that earlier, right? I do. Got some gorilla news up in Ha. All right, that's all you got. All right, well we'll get to that next, when we come back, don't move us. The. Breakfast, Club. Good morning. Morning everybody. It's DJ Envy. Jess. Hilarious. Charlamagne the guy. We are The Breakfast. Club. Let's get to just with the Mess with Lauren. La Rosa News is real weather hilarious. Just Robin Moore. Just don't do no lying. Don't do, she don't spell nobody, bro.


Just worldwide mess on The. Breakfast Club. She's the coach. Lauren. Lauren Osa. I'm back. And. I got the mess. Talk. Talk to me. All right y'all. So Ty Usher had a concert in Atlanta in the co You know Usher's concerts. He's on the past, past, present, and future tour. Right now, from the Vegas residency to the concert, usher gonna bring out some people in the moments, right? So I have a picture that I gave you guys. Charlotte, you gonna have to put your glasses on. What is it? Is it messy Vision? Shout out to Jeff. Hilarious. Yes. Just hilarious. Messy vision. Yes, messy vision. Put your messy vision on. I need y'all to take a good look at this photo to the listeners.


They are looking at a photo of the audience of the Usher concert. And right now I am asking Charlamagne and Vy, something does not belong in this photo. What Don't belong in this photo? I see OG Tyrese. I mean not Tyrese. Tyler Perry. Tyler Perry having a grand old time. What's wrong With that? I've never seen Tyler Perry throw the money on the S strippers. Oh, you don't know Tyler Perry. Now I Ain't, I don't. And neither and neither do a lot of us because, so there was a video posted yesterday from Usher's concert in Atlanta. There was a couple videos there were all over the place. And in the videos you see there's a part of Usher's concert where he has the strippers come out and they doing the pole dances and all that. And he gives people, whoever's near the stripper, some usher bucks. Right? And you get to throw the usher bucks on the strippers. So online is going crazy because Tyler Perry was one of the people up there throwing the money on the stripper.


You surprised? I would say that You've never seen a Tyler Perry production. Like what? Have you seen movies? I seen a lot of Tyler Perry Productions. You seen movies? Have you seen his plays? Have you Seen movies? TV shows? But you seen his Tyler Perry No. Made in his strip Club. He writes all of that stuff. Doesn't matter. That shows what You know. You've never seen it? I've never seen it. I know like what I'm, and by the way, I, this is at a Usher concert. Yes. This is the Usher books. He's just having a good time. Exactly. Just he hanging it with his home. Just, I just said all That. Yes. It's like, why are y'all surprised us? I just said all that. But so this show went Don in Atlanta. I'm another surprise at the concert. Kirk Franklin came out and performed the Kirk, Fred Kirk throw some. No, no, no. And Kirk knew some, there's no doubt. Be like, whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa. There's no video Kirk Franklin throwing no bucks.


But he did come out and perform and y'all know the crowd went crazy when they dropped that Kirk Franklin at brunch. And you, they do it at the end. So you already turned, man. I be like, oh, Kirk Franklin goes so hard in a day for can I get a revolution? Woo. Hello. Now speaking of celebrations, revolutions, all that good stuff, Jalen Green, this assist with the sports right here. Okay? He just signed a new deal. He got some money. So he just signed a three year ex rookie contract extension with the Houston Rockets for $106 million. Now this deal includes a player option in the third season. So that will make it where he has the ability to increase his earning potentials later down the road.


This deal actually provides a space for him to earn over $224 million, which is over, I'm sorry, he's getting earn over the $224 million current maximum. Now because of this, the extension eligibility, which is as soon as October, 2026, he has the ability to opt out at age 25. I'm sorry, because of his extension ability, he has the ability opt out at age 25 and he can earn over $224 million. Congratulations him. He's only 22 years Old. So yes, he is actually the player. Dope B, that's amazing player to ever successfully negotiate a two plus one rookie extension on a nine figure deal. I wanna include bonds for that young man. Yes Baby. And Drea was online celebrating. We'll Get you a nice financial advisor.


Make sure you do the right things with that money, sir. I know that's right. Now more and more Celebrate. Oh, and he in Texas, we ain't got no state tech, right? Yeah. He plays for the Rockets. Yeah, Man, Dre had hit the jackpot. Okay, now another celebratory news gorilla. What you looking at me like that for? I ain't looking at you like nothing. That's not a jackpot. I ain't say It wasn't. Oh, okay. I'm just looking at you looking like when? When I'm gonna get my blessing. That's what your little show. This showed this. Now when you did your show this time when I'm gonna get my blessing, God, Because they, they the pastor be saying it's about your posture. Let see what you do for others. You gotta be postured in your season to receive your blessing. So I just got postured up. Okay, You was at Gho and you turned all those men down. You went to the first party. It was like, he was like the men had hard bottoms on and you ain't wanna talk to him.


Let's move on now. Glo Gorilla Glo Rilla is celebrating as well. Gorilla with the album Glorious has earned the highest FERC week, first week sales of any album released by a female rapper in 2024. We need some hand claps, some something Bomb Gorilla Salute to Glow that it act actually should have been number one. Still time though. This is our first project to land in the top 10 of the billboard charts. So the her songs hold on. TGIF and More sold over 69,000 units within the first week, landing her at number five on the billboard chart. I'm just shout out to Glow Rilla, who Beat her rap the first week.


Oh, it's a lot. It was what? Jelly Roll. Oh, jelly up there. Rod Wave I think was up there. Who else was up there? I gotta pull it up. I don't have to chart up. Congratulations to Illa. She was, it was a heavy Friday she came out. But I'm gonna tell you something man. Yeah. Salute the Illa glorious album. Two things I wanna say. My favorite albums of the year, rap albums of the year. Rap albums of the year have been Rapsody. Please Don't Cry and Gorilla Glorious. And I'm gonna tell you something about that glorious album. And You know I interviewed Illa for my Outta context series. You can watch that on my YouTube page. See the God. So I've been listening to her album for a while now. Glorious, glorious time will tell. Glorious might be a classic. It's on its way up. Well That album's definitely gonna stay on the Charles.


It's not going away no time soon. Time will tell. But glorious might be a classic. I I I'll say that. A ma a modern day classic. I ain't comparing it to Dr. Dre De Chronic or You know Notorious or, or Jeezy Thug. Motivation 1 0 1. I'm not comparing it to nothing like that, but I'm just saying it. It might be a modern day classic. Well, You know what I'm telling You know, I think Glo had talked about the haters online and people coming at her and like blah, blah blah, which I never understood. 'cause I feel like it's always been a love train over from everything I see with Glo. But that's how she, she delivered people. I think this album says Stop playing with that girl. Oh, that's my record. That's my Record playing with that girl. Okay. But I, but I, but, but since I've been listening to the project, I, I go in and outta what's my favorite record, right? Like right now Stop playing with that girl is my favorite record. But then you can, I like the intro.


I like procedural. I love her intro. I like Don't, don't Deserve With Money Long is a smash Rain down on me. I told you I almost cried to that record this weekend. Just driving around. Let's, let's how, look how I look with Megan Thee Stallion. Let her cook. Oh, let's play one now. Did you see, where did you see the, you saw I was at Comic-Con Friday. Did you see the young lady draft like Wednesday at Comic-Con? Yes. Going crazy to Letter Cook that Glows songs have been the anthem of social media. But yeah, we got, I love with TT Payne. Oh this. Stop playing with that girl. This is fire. I'm just saying I think Laa might have a classic. That's just my personal opinion. Okay. I'm not arguing with none of y'all Negroes about the diets donkey. The day next you gimme a donkey too.


I forgot. Let me hit my record for us. We'll get back to it. You gonna cry? No, this is my joint, this direct. Oh, all. It's a breakfast. Look. Good morning. Be a ass Charlamagne. Some donkey days. Just so themselves' been watching Char Man, I was ready for you Donkey. I never heard on donkey other day. What is it? Donkey. Say it again. Charla man. I'm a donkey. Yes, you're a donkey. Donkey. Everything. And Charlamagne saying is true. Yes, donkey today for Tuesday, October 22nd goes to Erica Hutchinson. Erica is a police officer in Memphis, Tennessee. And since 2018 she's been stealing. Okay. Yes. This police officer helped steal Crime stoppers reward money totaling $18,000.


I swear we live in an era where you truly can't trust anyone to be anything but human. But this is just another example of there is no right way to do the wrong thing. Let's go to WREG three news for the report. Please record State. From August, 2023 through February, 2024, Memphis police officer Erica Hutchison used her position in law enforcement to enter fraudulent data into the Crime Stoppers database. Then have a person named KB to receive rewards for tips. Two incidents detailed in the documents state. In late 2023, tips for two separate crimes were approved for Crime Stoppers reward money. But days before that reward payout was scheduled. Hutchinson updated the database system.


It's unclear if she knew that system maintained an audit history listing, which user made the modification. What we do know, January 10th, Memphis FBI Field office agents conducted surveillance on the Crime Stoppers payout location and witness kb, the person Hutchinson had been conspiring with pull up and pick up the reward payment for both of the tips records go on to State Hutchinson and KB Fraudulently obtained $18,500 in rewards from Crime Stoppers. Erica was running a scam from within the system. I'm telling you man, one of the greatest books you can read is The Law of The Laws of Human Nature by Robert Green. Okay? Humans are such interesting creatures to me because this woman was a police officer.


She was stealing reward money from crime.


I'm Julian Delman. I'm Rob Gronkowski. Guess what folks? We're teammates again and we're gonna welcome you guys all to dudes on. Dudes. I'm a dude. You're a dude. And dudes on Dudes is our brand new show. We're gonna highlight players, peers, guys that we played against, legends from the past. And we're just gonna sit here and talk about 'em and we'll get into the types of dudes. What kind of types of dudes are there? Drunks. We got Studs, wizards, we got Freaks. Or dudes. Dude, we got Dogs Dog. We'll break down their games. We'll share some insider stories and determine what kind of dude each of these dudes are. Is Randy Moss a stud or a freak? Is Tom Brady a dog or a dude's? Dude, We're gonna find out. Jules new episodes drop every Thursday during the NFL season. Listen to dudes on, dudes on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts.


Hey Bo. Hey Matt. Are you ready to tell the readers about the extra special episode we have coming up? Yes. I see. So but you can do that kind of spooky scary. Well yeah, but it's also because it's a ride. Yeah, I up and down On it. But you're in it You know. Yeah, exactly. You're you're in the spook. I think we have to let them in in our little surprise. Yeah, if you haven't already figured it out. Can't believe this Mariah Carey will be joining us this week. I say, oh, I wanna go work with such and such From Across Town. Yeah, from across town. My girl Across town. Yeah, across town. I know a guy across town. I know a guy, Readers, publicist, Katie's and finalists Tune in to maybe the most unforgettable episode of Lost Cot. Treese This yet there's one more question which I promised myself I would ask, can you drop that grunge album? I'm so mad that I haven't done that yet. But You don't have to be mad because you're in control. I am. But who do I drop it With? So should we start a label Maybe? Wow. Listen to Lasus on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts or wherever you get your podcasts.


I felt too seen Dragged. I'm nk. And this is Basket Case. So I basically had what back in the day, they would Call a nervous breakdown. I was crying And I was inconsolable. It was just very big sudden swaps of different meds. What is wrong with me? Oh, look at you. Gimme Therapy girl. Finally, a show for the mentally ill girlies on Basket Case. I talk to people about what happens from what we call mental health is shaped by the conditions of The World we live in. Because if you haven't noticed, we are experiencing some kind of conditions that are pretty hard to live with. But if you struggle to cope, the society that created the conditions in the first place will tell you there's something wrong with you. And it will call you a Basket Case. Listen to Basket Case every Tuesday on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts.


Hey, this is Justin Richmond, host of the Broken Record podcast. Every week I or my co-host Leah Rose, sit down with the artists you love to get unparalleled creative insight. Now we have a special series where we speak with the artist behind one of the most influential jazz labels of the 20th century Blue Note records. You'll hear from artists like Nine Time Grammy Award-winning, nor Jones, John Mellencamp and Madonna collaborator, Michelle and Cello. And from the legendary Ron Carter, a former member of the Miles Davis Quintet, who's also played with Herbie Hancock. And on Gil Scott Herons. The Revolution will not be televised. Join us over at Broken Record to hear stories behind the legendary label. Listen on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you listen to podcasts.


Welcome home y'all. 72 days, 47 days only. There Are 33 Count 'em, 33 days until election day. Do something. Hey y'all, I'm Angela Rye here with my co-host Andrew Gillum and Tiffany Cross of Native Lamb po. So listen, we are all feeling so anxious about this upcoming election. And I know you guys are too. I Am scared. Okay, You know what I'm bracing for right now, honestly is this October surprise. The October Surprise is the war. The one we need to talk about. Democracy is on the line. That's why we created Native Lamb Pod to give voice to the voiceless and duet if Cut through the nonsense, They take splinters and US population grievances between black folk, white folks, so on and so forth. And then they manipulate it. Yes, Black voters and Latino voters are clearly a big threat to the GOP. Welcome home, y'all welcome all. Listen to Native Lamb Pod on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts or wherever you get your podcasts


Since 2018. You just heard what they said. She was one of two officers assigned to sort through Crime Stoppers tips and then give that information to the investigators. The the invest that investigator's documents where that investigator documents to usefulness of that tip in a database which Erica had access to. So from August, 2023 to February of 2024, she used her position in law enforcement to enter fraudulent data into the Crime Stoppers database. Then had a person named KB to receive rewards from the tips. Here's what I don't understand. Hmm? You are a police officer. Erica, how about simply do your job attempt to solve the crime, connect with real people on the street.


It snitches everywhere. Okay? It is people willing to give up information all the time. Have those people send in the real tips that lead to real arrests and then when they collect the money, split it with them. I don't know if that's legal or not. That's That's not legal. That's not, that's not legal. Like you, you, yeah, you just as dumb as up. Alright. Them too much watching too much power. But at least you, at least you can fall back on the fact that hey, you really solving crimes. You really getting criminals off the street. You're not making up things. Okay? This is disappointing on multiple levels. First, you turned your badge into a side hustle by scamming crime stoppers. Okay? That immediately makes you untrustworthy. And when you a police officer, you're supposed to be in a position of trust.


There's already a level of distrust between civilians and cops. And it's because this situations like this, a lot of people feel like the cops spend all day beating us up, shooting us when we are unarmed. Unarmed or pulling heist like Alonzo on training day. All right? We know this isn't the truth about all officers, but because of things we've seen with our own eyes and propaganda or should we say propaganda, this is what we think. And Erica, you didn't make the situation any better because instead of using your position as a cop to serve the community, you have used your position as a cop to serve yourself. Please give Erica Hutchinson the sweet signs of the Hamiltons Day.


You the doggie, the daddy. So you telling me if I'm a cop, if you're a cop, And, I got people in the street, got people in the street, And, I. Go to these people in the street, And, I go, Hey You know there's a reward for turning in such and such off. If y'all can gimme some information that can lead to the arrest to such and such, right? And then they gimme that information, I give that information over to Crime Stoppers. Crime Stoppers uses that information and it actually leads to an arrest. And then that person gets a reward. If that person wanna gimme $500 for Christmas or $500 for my birthday or $500 'cause he want me to go get some Dunking Donuts, that's illegal. Yes. I Don't believe that there's way that's illegal.


I don't believe that. Yes. You think there's like a police bribery agency. Like you can't take 10%. Like an Agent cannot take, Not even bribery but like, I don't know. It just, it's no, I led you to some money. Lauren, you right, you You know somebody out here selling bad weeds or something, right? So bad weeds Or weed? Weeds, weed. You know he said weeds. I just wanted to be clear. So, so you, you tell me who these people are you, it leads to an arrest, you get the reward money for it and then you be like, You, know what I got 2,500, here's 500 on. That's illegal. And why would you say weaves With her right? You know why he said it? He wanted me to go find the people that was trying to fix that hairline and didn't work. So he had to go bald first of all. So You know I understand your intent You know what I mean? Of there's no malice in your of intent. That's why I didn't react that first.


Because You wanna talk about it. We, we all since you want talk about It, we all got underlying issues and conditions. So I let her run. She been Bitching her scalp all morning. She been The Cat. She been patting her head so much. She gonna give herself a concussion. Listen, Jessica gonna come back from maternity leave and we gonna have to put her on concussion protocol because she just in here like this all morning long. She need a rat tooth comb so bad to get up under that cap. The metal it This act. You said you wanted to gimme some stuff for my birthday. Can you add the rat tooth comb And. I. Get back Somebody get Lauren a rat rat tooth comb so she can get up under that Cat. And I'm gonna let You know. I find enough people that she's trying not to Scratch right now and I'm real. She trying to. She's trying to scratch right now. The camera's on her. It's a cat she Trying to scratch Right now.


My hair is just out at the top. It's itching right now. It's like a fitted. You just Pat weave lady, not a fitted cat. Pat, Pat, pat your weave lady. Pat. Pat. Come on Pat yours lady scratching. Soon. Soon as the cameras, as soon as we go to bricks you gonna be alright gal. All right guys, guys. And you just sitting over there watching me fight. You always just sit on the side between your eyelash and that weave. I leave you alone, Okay? You just always sit over there and watch me. I think it's D envy. This is no, this is not Concussion. Protocol is crazy. I it's demons. You ain that You ate business. I mind business. Okay, sip that tea. You just took that big chunk. You ate that. Go ahead. That one you did that one.


I think it's demon. I thought It was real. It doesn't matter. It looks good. Envy. Are you supposed to say God know God know God, know God, God know God be just testing me to see if it's working. He'd be like, let see if it's really working. Alright, well thank you for that dunk day. Lemme see if he really working. I knew I tried to wear flats today 'cause I might got punch you. I might get punch. Alright gals, all gals. Now let's open up the phone lines. Eight hundred five eight five one i 1 0 5 1. When I walked in, the ladies of The, Breakfast, Club, producers and all, were having a conversation, A gentleman that works up here actually, who's been with his girlfriend for over two years.


They're actually living with each other. It was her birthday and he decided to buy her a ring. Who? Who is it supposed to be anonymous for? Because the damn show ain't anonymous to her. 'cause she's sitting back listening like I know exactly what they talking about. He Said she don't listen to this show. She don't get into all this, right? Who? Who say his name Ricky? No, say my name. Say my name. So You know Ricky. So the ladies in here was like, well how have you been with somebody so long? And you give him a ring and it's not an engagement ring, it is just a a ring and and being that he's white, he can't say what I would've said, shut your dumb ass up. Shut your dumb single ass up. How dare you talk to me about getting somebody. The Only reason we asked him that is because anytime he speaks of this woman, he loves her so much, he talks about how like we know they gonna spend the rest of their lives together.


So I was wondering if they might've had that conversation. Ricky don't. And then you buy Brain. Don't your joy with these single demons up here Rick. So 805, 8 5 1 0 5 1. Just because you got a companion don't make you less of a demon. What are your lucifers, what are your thoughts? Lucifer had other Angels Too. What are your thoughts ladies? Of getting a ring as a gift. That's not the ring ring, that's not the engagement ring. After you've been with somebody for two years after you've been with living with them, you open up that box. You think it's that ring and then I'm cracking ups. Not that is the question. 802 Years I was there. Ten five, eight, five. That's right. Exactly right. Go and patch your weed, man. Oh my goodness.


I want so much better for Lauren. 805, 8, 5 5. It's The. Breakfast Club. Good morning The Breakfast Club man. It's topic time. Call 8 5 8 5 1 5 1 to join into the discussion with The Breakfast Club. Morning everybody. It's DEJ Envy. Jess, hilarious Charlamagne, the guy we are The Breakfast, Club. Long La Rosa filling in for Jess. Now if you're just joining us, we're talking about a gentleman that work up here now. His, when I got here this morning, the ladies were all around the cubicle area and they were talking about a gift that he got his girl. Now he was been, he's been with this girl for two years.


They lived with each other and for her birthday he got her a ring and some other things. But it wasn't an engagement ring, it was a regular ring. So what would you do if you've been with a man for over two years, y'all living with each other and when you open up this gift, it's a ring box but it ain't that ring. We gotta put it in context though because I asked him, have you guys had that? Are we going to be married together forever? Conversation. Yes. And he said that that's not something that, that they, they're not focused on that right now. So she probably wasn't expecting a proposal. So it's fine to get your girl some jewelry. I think it's fine. But I Will say that's not jewelry. That's a, that's a different type of jewelry. I Will say when he first said it to me before I asked him that question, I said, and then you proposed, you just gave her the ring.


'cause I'm like, what you mean you just gave her a ring? Don't she live with you? Ain't y'all been together? Don't you wanna be with her? What you doing? That was my first reaction. I was very defensive for her. And then he basically told me, relax, You Know you was defensive 'cause you was projecting. Let's talk about it. Let's talk about it. He said you was with a guy 10 years and he never got your ring. Let's talk about It. Well because I told him that I didn't think that that's what we needed to do. We had a conversation About it were or you weren't a man. You weren't the guy that was you was Continued. I just felt, I felt like we weren't in a place where marriage and being engaged makes sense. So when did You ever offer a ring though? Like even if it was just a promise ring or gaming ring? We had he, we had a conversation about him wanting to propose and at the time I said I don't, did He offer a ring? Forget the, forget the promises. Promises. I don't, he didn't even bring, did he offer a ring? He didn't even bring the ring out of anywhere where it might have been.


Okay. Because I think he wanted to make sure that if he offered it, it was gonna be accepted. But he wouldn't have just given me a ring as a gift. He knew at that point we've been together like 10 years at that point you bring a ring, the get down on the knee and all that other stuff. Gotta come with it. What About ring worms? Ring around the rosie. Was there any type of rings involved at all? You know what I think the ring that I'm about to put around your mouth when I punch you be Included. Let's trying. No, no, no. You trying ring. I hear you. I'm Sauce. Too much violence here for me. Order onion rings today. Hello. Who's this? Did he ever get you onions? Hey, it's Blair from Newark. He did gimme onion rings with the dipping sauce from Burger. Okay Guys, this is Blair from Newark. Good morning Blair. Good morning Blair. Hey, good morning y'all. Now Blair, would you accept a ring if somebody got your ring that wasn't engagement ring after two years of being together?


No, I don't think that that was a proper gift. I think maybe a necklace or a bracelet. I don't think that getting in a ring it makes like sense because if it's not an engagement ring, where are we going? Blair? Can I ask you a question? Does a man ever gotten you a ring? Just asking. No. A man has never gotten me a ring, but I am in a relationship. Why can't she have a opinion? Because a man hasn't given her ring yet. Blair? Yes. Yeah. I don't know if you can have an opinion about this. Why opinion you've never. Why? Because like I, 'cause I've never had a ring. Why? I don't know. I don't know why y'all are upset. Why are y'all saying that? I'm not upset. The question, you have No hairline and you have opinions about Envy's hairline and how he dies it all the Time.


Well no, I have opinion about his, his beard that he draws on. I don't draw, sir. My my thing is just like, I don't think there's anything wrong with this man. Buying her a ring. Rings aren't just for promise ring. Yeah, yeah. Rings aren't just for engagement rings. There's all types of rings. And I asked him, I said, did you tell her its a promise ring. Don't promise ring. I'm grown. Don't, I don't want a promise ring. What are you Promising? Exactly behind the ring. Now there's the question. Blair, what type of ring has anybody asked that question? What type of ring is It? I did ask him that. He said it is, there's no intent. It's just a ring. I said, is it a promise ring? He said No. I said, were you proposing? He said no. He said it's literally just a what If it's a birthstone ring, It's just a ring. There's no stone, no diamond on it. Yes it is Our birthday. That's what he got it for. For yeah, for her birthday. And so then that's where we at with it.


Exactly. A whole conversation about something that We know what it was for then it Was a birthday because Lauren is a hater and Lauren is upset. Upset that she was with a man for 10 years. Y'all have, alright, thank you Blair. Because she don't got Time for your time. Lauren is upset that she been with a man for 10 years and never got a ring. That's not what everybody up here is. Don't got a ring. I wouldn't have got a ring. I want one of my friends. I wouldn't a ring if I'm dating somebody for two years, I wouldn't even go in that lane. I wouldn't even want her to feel a way. I wouldn't play that game. Me, Rickey. You did nothing wrong. I would, Ricky wants to be with her. Would I? I I would get her a necklace. I would get a bracelet. But why? I would not play with a ring. What's with wants with with her time. Got. Oh, he got a bracelet too. He got her necklace too. Ring. Ring. Yeah. I wouldn't, I wouldn't have got a ring. There's nothing wrong with getting her some jewelry and all that.


As long as it's not ring. She wasn't expecting a proposal. You Didn't do it A ring. Hello? Who's this? Hey, good morning. This is Tatum. How are you? Envy. Hey Tatum. Good morning. Where you calling from? I'm calling from Houston, Texas. Okay. Now what? What would you say? Thank you if, if your man got you a ring and it wasn't an engagement ring after being together for two years. I mean envy. Let's be for real. If we haven't had that conversation. I'm a female. You talking been about me to everybody. How much you love. I'm gonna expect rings. Let's be for real. Besides, and then what kind of ring am I gonna expect? Well, I will say this And I just did a little research and by research I mean Google apparently. Okay. Apparently there's a ring for every stage of your relationship. They say there's four type of rings. They say it's a promise ring. Ring, solo ring.


Yeah. They say it's a promise ring, an eternity ring, an engagement ring, and then the wedding ring. We've been doing it all wrong apparently, all of these years. Clearly we have, but I mean two years. I feel like it was kind of the wrong thing. Me personally, What do think we'll make that up. It sounds like a jeweler made that up. So to get people to go out there and buy more rings. I never heard of any of those rings. I said the ring fans stay in your relationship. No. You've heard of that promise ring all? Yeah, when you're 15. The only one I never heard of was an eternity ring. Thank you. Can I ring? Can I ask you a question? Ma'am? Can I ask you a question? Yes, yes. Have you ever gotten a ring from a man? I have, but I am divorced. I will say that. Oh, okay. Okay. Sorry. Did he let you keep the ring? Yes. That that, No, I actually gave the ring back, but it was just a personal, it was a mutual agreement.


I will say That. Why? That was your championship. You won one for a year. How long was y'all married? Not your champion? We were only together for a little bit. I mean we have a 6-year-old son now, but we got married back in 2017 and we got divorced I wanna say two years later. So. Got you. Gotcha. It was not, yeah, it was not meant to be strong, ma. I have no problem listening to you though, because you at least received a ring. Be quiet, sir. Suzy Lynn 9 0 5 says, abso in our chat on online. On Instagram says absolutely. She's received a promise ring because at the time they, her and her person didn't have two dimes rub together. The engagement came later and that promise ring always reminds me of those first days together. That's beautiful. So she actually, she got married eventually. Yeah, she got married after her promise ring. And I just said, don't promise ring me.


But this was beautiful. So you want a promise ring? I want a wedding ring, an engagement ring. But this was beautiful. But the but app, according to this stage, this, this list, it's the promise ring first, the eternity ring, engagement ring and wedding ring. Honestly, You know what, nobody got all that money to buy all those rigs in them stages though. You Know who my, oh, my person or the just in general. Sh, because I Want, don't brag on nobody. He haven't got you nothing yet. Who Is a he? She ain't got a person. I mean, I don't know. You just got buck for no reason. Got nothing Because don't speak that into my orbit talking about you. I wanted to, I just think that, that comment made me realize I don't even wanna be in control of it. I just wanna let my man do what he thinks is best for us and we gonna end up happily married anyway. So What man?


Boy, there's a a lot of speeding going on this morning. I'm fixing my posture. I've been trying to put the speed limit up all morning long. But I mean, you just biting the gas. Don't you always be like, women can't drive. Let me be reckless this morning in speed. Mind your business. No. Yes. Why? Women can't drive. You be Saying that. I've never said that. You I will. Yes you did. I've never said that. That's your my point is, mind your business. You got You right. 805 8 5 1 0 5 1. If you're just joining us, somebody that works up here bought his girl after being with her for two years. They live with each other a ring, but it wasn't an engagement ring. And he had the nerve to tell all of these single heathens up here. Somebody say all of these single heelers who been, who've been mad at Beyonce since Beyonce told them about if you like you, you put a little ring on it.


Put a ring on. Like they've been, they've been hurt ever since then. 'cause they still was stuck on Beyonce being an independent woman. And Beyonce went and got married. They've been lost ever since. What woman Up here you be talking to, they Been Gori and Sexy Red been leading them never since Jesus Christ. Let's, let's discuss. That's The Breakfast Club Morning made it. If y'all talking about it, You know we talking about it. It's topic times. Call 805 8 5 1 0 5 1 to join into the discussion with The Breakfast Club. Morning everybody. We are The, Breakfast Club. Lauren, the Rosa Philly Inn for Jess. If you just joining us, we're talking about a guy that works up here was talking to the, to the ladies that work up here.


The single ladies I know. And he was saying that he bought it. The Single ladies like we a band You know might as well be. He was talking about he bought his girl a ring. It wasn't an engagement ring, it was a regular ring for her birthday. They'd been together two years and they lived with each other. And we're asking what are and what you think them single ladies up here did when he told him that, immediately started hating on him. Told him it wasn't a good idea. Didn't made it a topic on the radio. Why God damn Somebody in a chance that he obviously don't take her serious girlfriend for life. Damn. Hello? I Don't believe that. I know him personally. And I don't believe. Hello? Hey, what name, what you love company? America. America. Is your name your Real one? Yes. Okay. Yes. America. What's your thoughts America?


Alright, so I've been with a guy since five years. We've got two kids, little kids. We've dis had the discussion like You know about going forward. Side note, I've been married three times, three divorces. So I'm not an arrest. We go You a veteran. I'm 45. Okay. You ring with three different, my first marriage was an eight thing. You got a ring with three different teams. I'm all, I'm all ears to everything you got to say before you go into it. Why didn't it work? Why didn't three marriages work? The men's fault? Oh, two of them were dope boys. And I was young and the other one was a habitual cheer. Okay, well the two dope boys don't really count then.


'cause You know street marriage is a little different. So you like, you like them bad boys, huh? Little man. It was a phase. It was a phase. Hold on. And they, but hold on. They all gave you rings like they proposed and everything. Yeah. Wow. Yeah. Like yeah, I still got all of my rings like giving Over here. Why? Why you Looking at me? That's mine. You damn right. You got, listen, you got three rings with three different teams. I ain't mad at you Amer America. Could you tell Lauren you got three rings from three different men? Lauren can't get one from no man. Can you tell her how you did It? America? They really be playing with me up here. Hold on. They playing you because had I had it over to do again, I wouldn't like You. know what I mean? Those three marriages came with some trauma. You would've waited until you were in a space where it made the most sense for you, but also your person as well.


Correct. It don't matter. She did it. Correct. She did it. Mm. And and And I found my person now. So I do want to, but again, trauma. So listen, Okay, so you have, so We go to the movies a couple of months ago and you read and he does something on corny and he gives me a box, a ring box, And. I'm like, uhoh, it's time right? I open it, it's Pandora. I'm like, oh my God. He's like, oh, well that's a promise ring. I promise this. What's next to come? Damn. He don't know your Hy History sis. Right? First off, I got, we got two kids. There is no future. It's either do it or don't, don't gimme no promise ring at 45.


That's Right. You, you got championships already. You, you only playing for rings at this point in your career. You only playing for chips at this point in your career, ma'am? Something like that. Like for real. Like I, I look, obviously I'm someone if I've gotten three that's right, rings. Listen, I respect it. You are a GI ain't got no qualms with you whatsoever. Whatever you doing, you doing it right? Okay. You could ex you could tell some something to these young girls we got up here who ain't never got under Ring. What I tell the young girls is find your peace because ain't nobody going to make you happy. You bring happiness to a relationship. Mm. Talk that talk man. Don't, Don't turn that.


I, I I agree with Her. You turn finding your peace and us trying to figure out us until we can't find a man, we can't get a ring. We ain never even been offered an a large, not a medium, not a small No, I be letting you cook. That's not what I said. What I say is, y'all miserable in fighting demons. It's the difference. What's the moral of the story guys? What's the moral of the story, Lauren? I don't know exactly. I ain't got a ring. I ain't got a moral moral of the story. She Says she ain't got a ring pop, she ain't got a, she Ain't got a engagement ring. She ain't got a


I'm Julie Delman. I'm Rob Gronkowski. Guess what folks? We're teammates again and we're gonna welcome you guys all to dudes on. Dudes. I'm a dude. You're a dude. And dudes on Dudes is our brand new show. We're gonna highlight players, peers, guys that we played against Legends from the past and we're just gonna sit here and talk about 'em and we'll get into the types of dudes. What kind of types of dudes are there? Gros, we Got Studs, wizards, we Got Freaks or Dudes. Dude, we got Dogs Dog. We'll break down their games. We'll share some insider stories and determine what kind of dude each of these dudes are. Is Randy Moss a stud or a freak? Is Tom Brady a dog or a dude's? Dude, we're Gonna find out Jules new episodes drop every Thursday during the NFL season. Listen to dudes on, dudes on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts.


Hey Bo. Hey Matt. Are you ready to tell the readers about the extra special episode we have coming Up 20? Yes. I'll see. So, But you can do that kind of spooky scary. Well yeah, but it's also because it's a ride. Yeah, I and down On it. But you're in it You know. Yeah, exactly. You're in the spook. I think we have to let them in in our little Surprise. Yeah, if you haven't already figured it out. Can't believe this Mariah Carey will be joining us this week. I say, oh, I wanna go work with such and such From Across Town. Yeah, from across Town. My girl Across town. Yeah, across town. I Know a guy across Town. I know a guy, Readers, publicist, Katie's and finalists Tune in to maybe the most unforgettable episode of Lost Tresis. Yet there's one more question which I promised myself I would ask, can you drop that grunge album? I'm so mad that I haven't done that yet. But you don't have to be mad because, because you're in control, your away I am. But who do I drop it with? So should we start a label? Maybe? Wow. Listen To Las JTA on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts or wherever you get your podcasts.


I felt too seen Dragged. I'm nk and this is Basket Case. So I basically had what back in the day, they would call A nervous breakdown. I was crying And I was inconsolable. It was just very big sudden swaps of different Meds. What is wrong with me? Oh, look at you. Gimme Therapy girl. Finally, a show for the mentally ill girlies on Basket Case. I talk to people about what happens from what we call mental health is shaped by the conditions of The World we live in. Because if you haven't noticed, we are experiencing some kind of conditions that are pretty hard to live with. But if you struggle to cope, the society that created the conditions in the first place will tell you there's something wrong with you and it will call you a Basket Case. Listen to Basket Case every Tuesday on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts.


Hey, this is Justin Richmond, host of the Broken Record podcast. Every week I or my co-host Leah Rose, sit down with the artists you love to get unparalleled creative insight. Now we have a special series where we speak with the artist behind one of the most influential jazz labels of the 20th century Blue Note records. You'll hear from artists like Nine time Grammy Award-winning Nor Jones, John Mellencamp and Madonna collaborator, Michelle and De Ando. And from the legendary Ron Carter, former member of the Miles Davis Quintet, who's also played with Herbie Hancock. And on Gil Scott Herons. The Revolution will not be televised. Join us over at Broken Record to hear stories behind the legendary label. Listen on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you listen to podcasts.


Welcome home y'all. 72 days, 47 days only. There Are 33. Count 'em, 33 days until election day. Do something. Hey Y'all, I'm Angela. I here with my co-hosts Andrew Gillum and Tiffany Cross of Native Lamb Pod. So listen, we are all feeling so anxious about this upcoming election. And I know you guys are too. I am scared. Okay, You know what I'm bracing for right now, honestly Is this October surprise. The October Surprise is the war The one we need to talk about. Democracy is on the line. That's why we created Native lamp pod to give voice to the voiceless and duet tip Cut through the nonsense. They take splinters and us population grievances between black folk, white folks, so on and so forth. And then they manipulate it. Yes, Black voters and Latino voters are clearly a big threat to the GOP. Welcome home, y'all welcome all. Listen to Native Lamb pod on the iHeartRadio app. apple Podcasts or wherever you get your podcasts


Ring. She ain't got a marriage ring. She got an internal ring. Not a large, not a small, not a Onion. She ain't got a onion ring. Not a she ain't got nothing ring Not a Anything. Lemme tell you something. He got a ring doorbell camera. Nothing. Don't nothing bring me joy. Like when Lauren be having Lauren be having that confidence for all women until reality sessions. I'm in my posture because the pastor said when you posture the right way in your season, well it's for you. We'll come. Yeah you go. And when he come, like I told you what I always say to you, he ain't coming nowhere near you. Say, I hope not. Pause. Damn. Oh my God. We got just with the mess are coming up.


I just tell him like, Lauren, I don't think you should be with this one. He tried to come near me. Came all, he came all near you. Wow. What? He said. That's the only way you gonna get one. Go ahead. The only way. Oh Man. Y'all done? I think so. We Finished. Okay. You sure I Needed that one this morning? You done? Yes ma'am. Okay. Just with a mess. Up next, this is breaking. We just got sent a statement on behalf of Diddy's children at Quincy just, just released this morning. So we are gonna talk about that briefly and then get into some things. Alright, well we'll get into that. Next. It's The Breakfast. Club. Good morning The. Breakfast Club. Morning everybody. It's DJ NV Jess. Hilarious.


Charlamagne the guy. We are The Breakfast. Club. Let's get to just with the Mess with Lauren La Rosa, your news is real. Jessica Robin Moore just don't do no lying Don, She don't spare nobody Worldwide. Jess mess on The. Breakfast Club. She's the coach. Lauren, Lauren LaRosa. I back And. I got the mess. Talk To me. So we received a statement that the Combs children have now released by this time. If you're hearing me. They have released this on social media already. We released their, we've re received it. I'm sorry, prior to the release. So I'm reading this from Quincy's Instagram.


Quincy says, the past month has devastated our family. He's talking about all of the Sean Combs, Diddy news that has been happening. Many have judged both him and us based on accusations, conspiracy theories, and false narratives that have spiraled into absurdity on social media. We stand united supporting you every step of the way we hold onto truth, knowing it will prevail and nothing will break the strength of our family. We miss you and love you dad. So short statement, but wanted to make sure that we updated our Diddy coverage with that. What, what do you You know? It's interesting, right? You said many have judged based off what Many have judged based on accusations, conspiracy theories, and false narratives that have spiraled into absurdity on social media.


And all the kids posted it. Yes. All the kids posted it. Yep. All the kids. But also many have judged based off the fact when Cassie first made her allegations, he said it was a lie, but then a tape came out that showed us otherwise. I think that's where a lot of the judgment is coming from. So now it's hard to give any, give him or his lawyers or anybody the benefit of the doubt because they lied to us initially. That's what did, that's what it, that's where, that's what it's coming from. But I think what the, the, what the children are attempting to do is kind of what Aoki Lee Simmons was saying. What? Like, let the kids be the kids because you said they lied to us Quincy and like they necessary, they were going by what their dad was telling them from what we know.


Right? So we, we can't say that they lied to us per se. Oh Yeah. I'm not even, all, all I'm speaking to is the fact that You know, they're basically saying don't judge their dad. But, but my point is, when you, there's going to be judgment, there's going to be be narratives, there's going to be of course slander. There's going to be all types of things because he initially lied and then a video came out that showed us he was lying. That's where all of this really, that's where the smoke really, really came from. Right. But I, I think they put this because of the, the 102 hundred and 300 people that came and, and started to sue now. Right now. So yeah. And once again, it You know. Yes. I don't believe all of those people either. But You know it is. Nobody's gonna give him the benefit of the doubt because he lied initially.


I hear You. That's all I'm saying. All righty. Well, I just wanted to make sure we mentioned that and that it is out there online. I also posted this to the brown girl grinding Instagram where I post news after the show prior to the show. All that good stuff. So you guys can go take a look over there on Instagram and I'm learning the Rose on Twitter or also post news too as well that we didn't cover here on the show. Now something that is breaking Eminem, CNN has just announced that Eminem is going to be, well, Eminem is gonna be welcoming former president Barack Obama at the Harris rally that will be happening in Detroit tonight. So he is set to introduce President Barack Obama. So CNN reported this, he'll be joining the campaign trail at You.


know what is a very crucial time in the Harris campaign right now with election day just two weeks away. For everybody that's expecting Eminem to You know break out in song or whatever people are reporting that that probably will not happen. That he's just gonna come do a welcome and You know show his face on this presidential race. I You know, I always wonder when celebrities back a presidential candidate, do people care? Do people follow? I'll be wondering the same thing. Do people follow what they do? Like, do people, I Hope so, because Michigan right now is neck and neck About Eminem. Do they care about like, let's say a a Taylor Swift or a Beyonce or any artist? I wonder do people I about that? I think they're there more to raise awareness. I think so too. You know what I mean? As, as as far more, more so than influencing people to do something.


I think more they're, they're there to raise awareness to whatever the campaign is because the reality of the situation, everyday working class people make this world go around so you can be a politician and connect with all the celebrities you want. That means nothing. You better connect with those working class people, right? Yep, a hundred percent. And also too, I wanna mention that You know Eminem has been a supporter of VP back in 2020 when she was on the Biden ticket. They would use his song Lose Yourself all the time. So wanted to mention that as well too. Do we have time for your Yeah. Okay, one more. So really Quickly, Biden lost itself too, by the way. Wanna put that out there? Shut up man. Go ahead. Shut Up Really quickly, guys, 'cause I know we gotta wrap up this hour soon. We've been following all the Liam Payne updates.


It was released that they found pink cocaine in him, in his system. The toxicology report was released and they said that they found pink cocaine in his system. Law enforcement sources are saying that they showed that he had cocaine and crack in his body when he fell to his death from the third floor of the balcony. So people have been trying to You know, speculate what would've happened or whatever. Forensic examiners are saying that they also found crystal in his blood, which is an origin Tinian version of methamphetamine. So, and then a BC news was the people were the first people to report that they added ecstasy. That there is ketamine and ecstasy in addition to the pink cocaine we're also a part of the drug cocktail system.


Jesus. Yeah, there was a lot going on there. So What is pink cocaine like? So there's cocaine and what is pink cocaine? Is that cocaine and ecstasy? Is that, I think the question is that why is the cocaine pink? Like I keep hearing about this pink cocaine too, but why? Like the GMO food is already bad, but now you can't even get that raw organic white cocaine no more. So cocaine gets you high. What is pink cocaine? You got Rihanna's makeup in it and you got it's pink. I'm gonna look it up. But there are also reports that one of the, 'cause they're like, where did he get this from? Over there in Argentina and one of the hotel staff right now police are investigating, they're asking different questions, but they, they do think that someone in the hotel staff is who was supplying him? And I Googled What is pink cocaine and it says a powder called pink cocaine made up of revolving a revolving group of drugs has become dangerously increasing popular part of the club scene.


Oh, so it's more than one drug mixed together? Yes. I say that's, I was asking is a cocaine and ecstasy of cocaine and Molly cocaine and something Child. This is above me. I, I don't know. I we'll come back about that 'cause this, it's A lot. All right. All right, well thank you for that, Jess with the mess. Now when we come back, we got the People's choice mix each requesting it's The. Breakfast, Club. Good morning. Let's go morning everybody. It's DEJ Envy. Jess, hilarious. Charlamagne, the guy we are The, Breakfast. Club. Laura la Rosa. Filling in for Jess. All right now we appreciate you guys for, for rocking with us Now Charlemagne, I would like to say something. Oh God. And what I would like what you mean, oh God, I just wanna tell people that my guys Matt Barnes and Steven Jackson's book, all the Smoke, all the Stars, all the stories, no apologies, is out right now.


It was released on my book in print Black Privilege Publishing through Simon and Schuster. Man. So if you're a fan of the All the Smoke podcast, go get that coffee table book. It makes for a great collector's item. That's all. I would like to say something. Oh go. I would like to tell the people that this weekend I am wrapping up this Brown Girl Grinding Homecoming tour. We are heading over to Norfolk. So I'm gonna be hosting the Alumni Fest on Friday, October 25th. The door is open at 4:00 PM if you are trying to figure out how you get your tickets. Alumni Fest on Instagram is the, the tag that I have. And it's the alumni fest.com. The alumni fest.com. Norfolk, Norfolk State University, excuse me, I'll be there this Friday.


October 25th. Y'all got big shoes to follow 'cause G Ho I ain't never not made it to a party. And I ain't even make it to the party, party, party. So yeah, I'm looking forward to seeing y'all. Alright, well when we come back, we got the positive notice. The, Breakfast. Club. Good morning. Morning everybody. It's DJ Envy, just hilarious. Charlamagne the guy we are The. Breakfast, Club. Now it's time to get up outta here. Charlamagne, you got a positive note? Yes, And. I also want to tell people, man, thank you to everybody who's been going to get a copy of my new comic book that's coming out, my graphic novel called Ill Illuminati. You see me holding the hat in my hand, everybody I saw at Comic Con this weekend. Today is the last day the order on Kickstarter. So go to ex, go to Kickstarter, type in my name Charlemagne, I type in Ill Illuminati.


And today is your last day to get, get, get, get a copy of. Well, we'll get the bundles and all of that good stuff that we got going on on Kickstarter. So thank you. And my positive note comes from a young lady who earlier in the show I said, I believe Believe has the classic album. Time Will Tell though her name is Gorilla. Gorilla once said, on the Better Things remix with Sierra, I had to realize what I tolerate is optional. So I want you to remember that what you, what you tolerate is optional, okay? It's on you, on what you choose to tolerate and anything you tell yourself is possible. I had to realize what I tolerate is optional and anything I tell myself is possible. Do you hear what I said?


Anything you tell yourself is possible. Anything you tolerate is optional. It's really on you. The choice is yours. Have a blessed day. Breakfast Club Bitches. Do y'all finish or y'all ducks?


I'm Julian Edelman. I'm Rob Gronkowski. And we are super excited to tell you about our new show Dudes On Dudes. We're spilling all the behind scenes stories, crazy details, and honestly just having a blast talking football. Every week we're discussing our favorite players of all times, from legends to our buddies to current stars. We're finally answering the age old question. What kind of dudes are these dudes? We're gonna find out. Jules new episodes drop every Thursday during the NFL season. Listen to dudes on, dudes on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts.


Hey Bo. Hey Matt. Are you ready to tell the readers about the extra special episode we have coming up? I Think we have to let them in in our little Surprise. Yeah, if you haven't already figured it out. The Queen of Christmas herself. Can't believe this. Mariah Carey will be joining us this week. Wow. Readers, publicist, Katie's and finalists. Tune in to maybe the most unforgettable episode of Lost COAs, yet listen to Lost COAs on Will Ferrell's Big Money Players Network on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts.


I'm nk and this is Basket Case. What Is Wrong With Me? A show about the ways that mental illness is shaped by not just biology Swaps of different Meds, but by culture and society. By looking closely at the conditions that cause mental distress. I find out why so many of us are struggling to feel sane, what we can do about it and why we should care. Oh, Look at you. Gimme therapy Girl. Listen to Basket Case every Tuesday on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts.


Daphne Cara Galicia was a Maltese investigative journalist who on October 16th, 2017 was assassinated Crooks Everywhere unearths the plot to murder a one woman. WikiLeaks, she exposed the culture of crime and corruption that were turning her beloved country into a mafia state. Listen to Crooks Everywhere on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts.


Hey, this is Justin Richmond, host of the Broken Record podcast. Every week I or my co-host Leah Rose, sit down with the artists you love to get unparalleled creative insight. Our new series is looking at one of the most influential jazz labels ever Blue Note records. You'll hear from artists like Legendary bassist, Ron Carter, singer songwriter Nora Jones, and guitarist Julian La Listen on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you listen to podcasts.