
Meetings, deadlines, emails, millions of notifications. Don't you wish you could just escape the chaos? Fortunately, that's where the all new Nissan Murano comes in with available features like the relaxing, massaging seats to ease stress, and the beautiful skyline views that bring in natural light. It's like cruising in your personal oasis. And if you need to set a vibe, 64 colors of personalized lighting and a Bose premium sound system, have you covered? Hands down. The all new Nissan Murano is your stress free getaway, because sometimes the greatest rush isn't rushing at all. Drive the all new Nissan Murano today. Panoramic moon roof, ambient lighting, bows and massaging. Leather appointed seats are optional features.


I wanna take a moment to give a shout out to our sponsor. Stand Up to All Hate. This one is important to me because, you know, we joke, we debate, we go at each other, but hate. That's not it. If you see it, stand up to it because there's no reason to hate use. Your voice is one of the most powerful tools in this fight. So join us at The Breakfast Club and standing up to it. If you see hate, speak up and call it out. You can learn more by following at what's up with hate on Instagram. And TikTok at t has a new guarantee because most things in life are not guaranteed. In a world where nothing is guaranteed, at and t is bringing something new to the


table at t is introducing a guarantee. With connectivity you depend on deals you want in service, you deserve, or they make it right. Learn more at att.com/guarantee. At&t connecting changes everything, terms and conditions apply. Visit att.com/guarantee for details.


Check out Pluto TV's The Black Collective, a free and curated collection of black entertainment, including movies, shows and music, all featuring black talent, both on camera and behind the scenes. Watch classic movies like Boomerang Norman, and paid in full binge series. Like Tyler Perry's sisters in Power and Scream, the latest RB and hip hop music videos all for free on practically any device that's tons of your favorite entertainment that you can watch on your tv, tablet, or phone. All for free. The Black Collective on Pluto tv.


Scream now. Pay Neville. Good morning. USA Yo. Yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo, yo, yo, yo, yo, yo yo, yo yo, yo yo. Just Hilarious. Good morning, Charlemagne. God. Peace to the Planet is Monday. Good morning. How y'all feel out there? I feel blessed Black and Holly Faed. Happy to be here another day to serve our beautiful listeners. What's happening? What's Up? How you feeling, Jess? How was the Carolinas? Oh, the Carolinas was good, man. Raleigh. Shout out to a couple stations out there. I did Pistol Posh, I forgot the name. Her. Yo, I'm not really good with drops. They had me doing drops. I was messing up everybody. Station sound like What Do you mean? You had to read sound like we, No, I didn't have to read Dummy.


He was telling me I get the words and the numbers mixed up. WZ you. Oh. You know what I'm saying? I don You sound Like Weby. Remember how Weby did The Breakfast Club? But I ain't, I ain't mess up nobody names. I just messed up the stations. But I know I was at 92.1 Choice FM and then with, with Doc, And I forgot the girl name. And me and her look alike too. And then I did W 9 57. Yeah. With royalty. Bt not the little one. So 97 5, I think. 97 5 7 5. Yeah. 97 5. So yeah, it, it was lit, man. But look, the Airbnb was the problem. What happened? Yo, I wake up in the middle of the night. I How You be loving a b Airbnb. I know your cousin look nervous. Airbnb is be lit, yo, but it is one every now and then they'll get you, I wake up or whatever And I go in the bathroom.


It's two big roaches, right? Roaches? Yeah. The rally roaches. So they a Water bug? The they a fly? No, they don't fly Emini here. They, They saying water bug, but they Roaches. Yeah. Alright. So yeah, I, yeah, I always thought the water bugs was like the bougie cushion of the, of the cockroach. But no, they didn't fly. They was just right there. One was big and one was small. I knew the big one was, had to be like the grandmother. 'cause she was moving a little slow. Okay. And the, and the little one was like try, probably like trying to find her food or whatever. And so I turned on the light. The one looked at me, I'm looking at it, I'm like, what you doing? It is looking at me like it won't ask me the same thing. Like, I live here. You one ready for the weekend. I was so scared. So then I went in the bedroom And I feel something on the bottom of my foot vibrating. No, it's a bumblebee.


What? I'm like, yo, what is going on? Nature. So nature. So I hit the people and they was like, oh, around this time of the year. That's, that's normal. That's normal. Yeah. All right. I went to a different Airbnb. I can't do it. I don't like bugs. Y'all. How is a bumble bee in the house? And they get mad. 'cause I stepped on 'em. Like, I didn't know that you'd be here. Like, you know. So You let the roach live? I let everybody live. They, I let them have their house. I was like, I'm done That house. Nah, I'm done. Jesus. All right. Well, salute to, this was the longest dance competition I've ever been to. Yeah. Six. It was 6:00 AM to 11:30 PM Damn. 6:00 AM A dance festival to 11:30 PM Jesus. Yeah, that's what I said. Where It was in Jersey in Hackensack.


And then we were supposed to go back Sunday, but the auditorium of the roof fell in. Oh no. So They canceled Sunday. So, so that was that. Dang. But I did take Jackson to his, a soccer game, professional soccer game. The New York City Football Club, which was different. I still don't know anything about football. Yeah. Your kids be into everything. You ain't know nothing about no damn soccer. Just, I still don't know anything about soccer. I was confused. I was confused the whole, I didn't about should cheer not to cheer. I had no idea. Gold. Not gold tide. I don't know. I was just trying to follow his lead. But that was the weekend. All right, let's get the show cracking. Ryan Kugler will be joining us this morning, Man. Ryan Kugler just did a new movie, another movie with Michael B. Jordan called Sinners. It'll be out April 18th.


Emini here. He's got so many things to talk about. Ryan Kugler is one of the greatest minds of our time, especially when it comes to film. So That's right. You know, talk Black Panther Creed and host of others. But like you said, sinners will be in the theaters April 18th. We'll talk to 'em in a little bit. And then we got front page news. So don't go anywhere. It's The Breakfast Club. Good morning. Morning everybody. It's DJ nv. Just hilarious. Charlamagne the guy. We are The Breakfast Club. Let's get in some front page news. Now. In sport, Yukon Huskies win the NCAA Women's Basketball Championship Championship. They beat South Carolina 82 to 59. No, Yukon deserves it though. Salute the page. Beckers. You know what I'm saying? Like, especially they balled out with all the injuries that she dealt with. You know, when she first got to Yukon for her to, to end her career in Yukon with a championship dropping the F bombs for the Yukon.


Yeah, they Balled out yesterday. Yesterday. Now also tonight, Florida plays Houston at eight 50 for the men's NCAA tournament. Man, I wish I cared. I really do wish I cared about men's college basketball. Why? You don't care. I, I just don't, I haven't, not exciting anymore. No. Just the women's Emini here. At least for me, women's college basketball just been better, more entertaining. Yeah. Yeah. What's up, Morgan? Hey, good morning, y'all. Happy Monday. How you feeling? Morning. Good. All right, let's, oh, okay. We are a little delayed, but let's get into it then. Okay. US stock futures are plunging. Y'all giving an indication of what may be to come today, this week, Emini here we will see what's gonna happen on Wall Street.


So on Sunday, president Trump said he wasn't aware of what was in store for the week, but he claims the US is stronger as a result of his reciprocal tariffs. Let's take a listen to those comments from President Trump. Now, what's gonna happen with the market? I can't tell you, but I can tell you, our country has gotten a lot stronger. And eventually it'll be a country like no other. It'll be the most dominant country economically in The World. So the President didn't hesitate to blame previous leaders for the reason why he felt the need to implement the tariffs. As for the market, the Dow Jones Industrial s and p 500 and NASDAQ Futures fell all roughly 4% on Sunday. The Dow saw back-to-back loses, oh, excuse me, losses over 1500 points for the first time last week.


While the s and p took a 6% drop Friday, the worst since March of 2020. And which by the way, was when the pandemic started, the market was slammed following continued concerns. Trump has ignited a global trade war in regards to his new tariffs. And the president claims hundreds of billions of dollars are pouring into the US monthly as a result of the tariffs. I'm not sure how that goes considering the tariffs just started last week. But yeah, so meanwhile, secretary of State, Marco Rubio, he's rejecting claims that the world's economies are crashing because of President Trump's sweeping tariffs. Speaking Friday at a NATO business meeting in Brussels, Rubio said, markets are crashing because they rely on the stock values of companies tied to production methods that harm the us.


He added businesses just need to know what the rules are. And once they do, they'll adjust. Especially if they're operating in America. Let's take a listen to Secretary of State, Marco Rubio. Their economies are not crashing, are reacting to a dramatic change in the global order in terms of trade. As long as they know what these, the rules are gonna be moving forward. And as long as that's sentence, and you can sustain where you're gonna be, the markets will adjust. I don, I, I don, I, I still don't understand this. So they, they're, they say they're doing this because they want to bring manufacturing back to America, right? Yes. Right. And we all know it costs too much to manufacture things here in America. And we also know that in the next, you know, five to 10 years, all those jobs they're talking about bringing, because of manufacturing here, are gonna be replaced by ai.


Anyway, There is a strong possibility of that. You know, this is a crazy thing. Strong possibility that's Gonna happen. I cannot, well, yeah, we can. I cannot report the future. I can report what is happening. But yes, that does seem to be the direction we are headed in. In fact, commerce Secretary Howard Lutnick, he says the power of the US does need to be reset. That's what he's calling it. Appearing on CBS's face. The nation. Lutnick said the new global tariffs put in place by President Trump were to address a national security issue. And he also said the focus will be on companies that want to be here. So let's take a listen to Howard Lutnick. If we had a warship, yeah, we can't fly a plane, okay? We can't build our own planes.


We don't have our own semiconductors. This is what the president is here to fix for America. Trillions and trillions of dollars, you heard the president speak about it, are coming to invest in America. This is the economy of The World. We are the consumer of The World. So it seemingly that, you know, they're ripping off the bandaid and it's just that initial hurt. You know, when that bandaid rips off, that's a seemingly, but hopefully, you know, now that the wound is President Conti the president. What did he say? He, he, he compares this to medicine. So maybe we could get some Neosporin or something on it and things will start to heal up after, you know, this bandaid has been ripped off. Hey, listen, I hope, I hope so.


I hope that's the case. But you know, don't, every economist I talk to 90 don't, don't know what the hell going on. So Yeah, 90 days is what I'm being told. We will start to see what truly is happening. I've already started to see stuff within the week. Gas alone is going up. I've saw, I'm noticing that. So, you know, we will continue to watch. The market will continue to see what happens as these tariffs sweep and how they impact us. So that's just 6:00 AM from Pace News. At seven we will talk about the Trump protests that happened over the course of the weekend. Alright, and everybody else get it off your chest. 805 8 5 1 0 5 1 if you need to vent, phone lines are wide open. Again, 805 8 5 1 0 5 1. Let us know how your weekend was. Phone lines are wide open.


It's The Breakfast Club. Good morning. The Breakfast Club. This is your time to get it off your chest. Whether you're mad or blessed, I hate the way that you walk, the way that you talk. I hate the way that you dress. Everything with near is Blessed. Call up next (800) 585-1051. Not Just me, I'm with the coach of Philly. Hello. Who's this? Hey, what's going on? This Tamika? Y'all resident? What's up Tamika? Resident? What's Up? Hey, what's going on y'all? I just wanted to give y'all some positive vibes this morning and give a big shout out to one of my bestest friends.


Mina, today is her birthday And I just wanna give her a happy birthday. Shout out. She's all the way in Jersey and I'm over here in California And I really, really wish I would've been able to see her this year, but maybe next year. Happy birthday, Mina. Yeah. Happy. Well, no, happy birthday. Hey, good. Look, she gonna like that from you, Jess. Oh, oh yeah. She gonna like that too. She gay too? Yeah, yeah. Okay. All Yes. But you not gay, Jess. You can't say gay too. Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah. I'm I, no, I know you gay, so that's why I said she gay too. Okay. Oh, I'm sorry You No, it's all good. No, I'm not gay no more like that right now. Yeah. You've been gay before? I've been gay before, but I ain't going Back. Well she kind of look like Brittany. She do kind of look like Brittany. She tall. She got dreads and everything. What stud don't look like Britney?


Whats up? It's a bunch of them don't look like Britney. And Truck dropped And then she dropped And I No, that's right. Why they keep coming from my man though? Like, She could have been Chris child. I'm telling you. That's funny. She could have been Chris if she just had a penis. Yeah, stop it. Oh, another thing about that penis though. Charlamagne, listen, studs, we don't have vibrators, we have straps. I told him, man, we strap on our thing, don't vibrate. I would think it's just damn big, heavy and hard. You heard? Yeah, I heard. I've been seeing the, the, the woke studs. Now they be taking the crystals that's look like penises and putting them out in the full moon and letting me charge it. No, No, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no. Don't do you Heard of that?


He stay lying, stay. But y'all have a good day. I love y'all. No, this is true. Thank you Mika. That love, I love. Y'all have a great day Saying too. No, it's true. They be getting the crystals that, that are shaped like penises and they put 'em out in the full moon. They let the moon charge him yo, shut They Him and just sit 'em on Nick s that ones do. No. And then they play ery Badu and Jill Scott's in his mind. James. Yes sir. Happy birthday brother. Hey man, thank you Star man. Man, God bless you bro. That was envy. That was envy. Oh my bad envy. Yo. Man, listen early in the morning, so down quarter. Yes sir. A happy born day though.


Happy Birthday. Hey, thank you. Thank you. Hey, hey listen. Hey Jeff. You and Corey gotta go at it, man. On Netflix. I pay to see that game. You play to see us go at it. Where? On Netflix special. Y'all gotta have a comedy jump off. Somebody gotta go at it. Ain't nobody letting his As on Netflix, but I got you though. Bye James. Enjoy your birthday, brother. Yes sir. Thank you man. And Charlamagne, stop calling the story crazy. Stop being crazy then Why people get mad when you make observations about stuff that they do? Yeah, Look, so I was telling Jess earlier I was, I took my son to a soccer game. They played at Yankee Stadium in the Bronx. I'm telling my son, yo, we gotta go to the Bronx. He was like, dad Bronx is crazy.


I hear Charlemagne say the Bronx is crazy all the time. I'm like, nah, the Bronx ain't crazy. I turned on the news. Seven people just got stabbed in the Bronx. Damn yo. He looked at me Like I told you that. I Told you dad, the Bronx is Crazy. Stop lying to your kids. You lied to 'em about Santa Claus being real. You lied to 'em about the Bronx not being crazy. Get it off your chest. 805 8 5 1 0 5 1. If you need to vent, hit us up Now. It's The Breakfast Club. Good morning, The Breakfast Club. Wake up, wake up, wake your ass. This is your time to get it off your chest. Whether you're mad or blessed, we want to hear from you on The Breakfast Club. Hello. Who's this? Hi, this is April from South Carolina.


Hey April, bro, what part are you calling from? April? I am from Charleston, South Carolina. 8 4 3. What's happening? Yes, I am a dental hygienist And I have to speak out about what is getting me right now. Them stinky ass root canals. No, in Arizona, they just passed a law that dental assistance can clean teeth. And I personally would not want someone without a license touching my mouth. Right. Ooh, okay. Using sharp instruments. Yeah, the public needs to know the truth and you need to protect your family. And I'm speaking up for all dental hygienists across the United States.


Please ask for a licensed professional. Well, I appreciate, so listen, if I got, that's all I have to say. I'm going to the dentist today to get my teeth clean. But when you walk into the dentist, everybody in there is a licensed professional, right? No, Not to be with the front desk. The, the dental assistants have a certificate. The dental hygienist has a dental license, just like a driver's license. The dentist has a license to do no harm to the public. The dental assistant does not have a license in Arizona without a license. They can use sharp instruments in your mouth. They just passed law. Be careful out there. Yeah, no, absolutely.


They said it's cheaper. Be careful. These unlicensed People do no harm. Do no harm to the public. I appreciate, we appreciate, appreciate that public service announcement, man. Yes, You're welcome. You're welcome. Have a good day. Be safe out there. Have a good day. Hello, who's this? Hello, this is Jamele Scott Jamele. What's up? Getting off your chest. What's up? How you doing? So I got an opportunity to speak at SUNY Corland, my alma mater. They asked me to speak to give the Kente Award for one of my friends who passed away in 2014. And so I went up there And I was, the blessing was I was able to bring my children, my four kids with my wife where I met up there and had my first child. And so to walk around the new campus, see the things where they spent all of our good tuition money on the new building.


So it was just a great eye open and refreshing weekend for myself and my family. That's amazing. That's what it is, brother. You gonna take, you gonna let your kids go there one day? So My oldest is 15, she went to Morgan last week when a college told my oldest sister, she said she going to Morgan, but my middle child said she gonna keep on a legacy and go to court list. That's What it is. The Breakfast Club. Congratulations To you brother. Morning everybody is CJ NV, just H Charlamagne the guy. We are The Breakfast Club. Let's get to the latest with Lauren. Lauren becomes a, she gets from somebody that know somebody gets, I'm the home girl that knows a little bit About everything And she be having the latest on this, the latest when Lauren la sometimes she had facts, sometimes she had details.


Sometimes she have a little bit of everything. Well, it's the latest on The Breakfast Club. Talk to me. So Terran Tower appeared on the PBD podcast with Patrick McDavid and the episode, this premiered on April 4th, definitely making rounds because in this episode, Terrence Howard describes a interaction with Diddy where he says that he believes that Diddy was trying to have sex with him. Let's take a listen. Puffy invited me with for, for weeks asking me to come and wanted me to be his acting coach for a while. I'm like, okay, what's the material you wanna work on? He's just looking at me. Then next thing you know, okay, hey Will, will you, will you help me? I want to hear your music. So I come over there and I'm play the music and he's sitting there just looking at me like waiting.


So then my assistant was like, you know, he wants to hang out with you next week. And I was like, for what? He's like, I think he's trying to you. That's what my assistant said. And I was like, oh, okay, now I get it. So now no more communication. Now, you know, to be hands off with somebody, a number of producers coming to make the approach and you threaten to punch them in the mouth of threaten to knock their head off or talking to you like, or looking at you like you're a woman. Have lost businesses because I don't, I don't bend over in that way. I don't compromise. I don't play gay roles. I don't kiss a man. I don't do that because a man card means everything. I know that's right Lucy.


Bye. Did he put his son in the Trash can? Did he said did. He said he wanted to make a movie with Terrence Howard called Hustles and Blow. You are a clown. I knew that's what that was type of gay slur. Stupid. Yo said he was looking at him like, well, material you wanna work on. Did he say you you the Material? Did he say what they call you a luscious lion? But that's his interpretation, right? Oh yeah. He didn't make a pass. He didn't grab his ass or, But what he was looking at Him, he said, the assistant Charlo man Looks at me. Or you know what, but you Right. But if, but if he tell you he want, I want you to be my acting coach. Right. And I could over there and I'm like, all right, well, material we got and you just looking at me like, are you already in some type of character or like, what's going on?


That is true though. That is not a fair headline to say Diddy tried to sleep with Terrence Howard because he didn't try anything. It's just that the assistant said, I think he trying to Yeah, yeah. Yeah. Because I would've said some stuff like that too. If I saw you spending too much time with Dick. Just because, just to be funny, think he might have been high. Did, he could have been high Just looking at Terrance Howard the whole time. Maybe. Or maybe he just was enjoying the company. Terence Howard is, I watched, I, I tried to complete this whole interview. Hmm. But it was a lot that went over my head. 'cause they were talking physi. It was a lot got deep. Yes. But I can understand why you would just sit and listen and look at Terence Howard. He has a lot to say And, And is just like a man, right? Like men, men like to be like, yeah, she wanted to gimme some, but all the girls said was high.


You know what I'm saying? Don't play with turns like that. Don't do That. Well, so they also, the, the conversation and what they led into this point was they were having a conversation about like just Hollywood and being on the creative side and why Terrence h Howard decided to step away from different roles like Mar you know, Marvel and things like that. And he said that basically he, he does certain things to keep his integrity. That's how we got here. So we're gonna go into the Marvel side of the conversation and him stepping away from certain projects next hour. But I did wanna bring up, since we're talking about Diddy over the weekend also news came out that Cassie, we, we, we knew there had been reports that she was going to testify, but now there's been more informa information released.


Ca Cassie is going to testify. It's confirmed and she will not testify anonymous. Now there are, I think there's two other victims, victim two and three, but Cassie was always listed as victim one. And the other victims have asked to, to remain anonymous. And is this from the video? Yeah. So, so the video is a, a piece of it, but he's not being charged with anything in relation to the video. She had other claims as well too. Mm. Like so the, the statement here is victim one is prepared to testify under her own name during the upcoming trial where Diddy will defend himself against charges of racketeer conspiracy, sex trafficking and transportation to engage in prostitution. Now that's a big deal, especially because even if we can't see into the court video wise, there will be reporters in there and that means that everything that she says, it's gonna be under her name, not victim one.


So it's just gonna pick up way bigger. Right. But I think it's just gonna make a difference because now at this point the video has been discussed so much. Yeah. And then that coupled with her other claims of like things that he allegedly did, he allegedly made her do, seeing her, her name being put on it. I think that that emotionally is going to, that can, that can sway. That's, that's gonna be a hard hit for Him. And then also because he paid her, right? He paid all the bridge so civilly. Yeah. So yeah, civilly that was, that's A whole different situation. Well You pay a civilly, but he settled out that That was a, I was about to say there was some sort of a settlement. We still to this day don't know what that settlement exact like, what that was for. Everything that in well we knew, we knew what it was for. We just don't know all the intricate details of the settlement because after it happened, no one was able to talk about it. Right.


But a part of it was like, they don't mention each other, they don't whatever, whatever. But when it comes to something like this where you're being subpoenaed by a court, all that goes out the window. So she's, you know, deciding to come in and stand on everything that she's saying. Gotcha. Well she would be the biggest witness, right? 'cause that was his girlfriend for the longest time. So she's seen everything she quote unquote know where the bodies are. So that will be the biggest witness that we, It's gonna be rough for her though. It's gonna be, it's gonna be rough for her because Cassie's gonna have to admit to doing a lot of things that, you know, she was involved in as well. And I'm sure she doesn't care at this point, but it's gonna be a lot of intimate details about her sex life as well that come out in That culture. A hundred percent. Because Diddy's team has already come out and basically said, you know, a lot of what we've seen on these tapes and a lot of the claims, especially in his past relationships, everything was consensual.


Right? So yeah, it's gonna be hard for her and people are definitely gonna have a lot to say and, and the other victims have chose to keep their names anonymous for that reason. They don't want people coming for them. Yeah. Now switching gears here, some, something that was, you know, know could have been super, super bad, but turned into a positive over the weekend. There was a video that went viral of wallow Wallo Hass been up here, of course motivational speaker, million dollars worth of game. And he is on a bridge with a police officer and a man who was attempting to jump off of this bridge. Now there's someone riding by who records. And they're like, yo, look at Wallo trying to save this man. You hear Wallo talking. So I reached out to Wallo And I just was asking him like, you know, I wanna make sure that when I report this I give it, it's just due.


So is there anything that you know you wanna include? And he was like, you know, it's up to you guys to talk about it however you want. But I, I did ask him like, how did you even encounter that? Did the police call you there? You just rode by? He said that first of all, the man was saved. He didn't jump. He, he said it was a two hour process talking the man back off, off of this bridge and that the man asked Wallo to call his family. So Wallo called his family, they came and then together they all got him down. Once the family came, they took over everything. It was like right place, right time type of thing. And I'm like, man, like Wao, you understand? You like a walking angel. Where Angel Is this somewhere in, in Pennsylvania? Somewhere in Philly? I'm not for sure. Okay. Okay. Wow. You drop on a cruise bond for a wallo.


Definitely. Absolutely Great human. Yeah. Yeah. The fact that the guy didn't jump Right. Exactly. Now in other news, Gail King, Gail King was on CBS this morning and She ain't she going to space? She is gonna space and people talk about everything but that. Damn For real. So she was on CCBs this morning and she did a sit down interview. Now in the sit down interview, she's like laughing and joking with the person that they're speaking with and he had made a joke. I'll get context on the joke when we come back. I want you guys to hear what she had to what she repeated. People are dragging her because of what she repeated. She used a gay sl. Let's take a listen in. Can I Just say one joke? I hope I don't get in trouble.


All girl. Real thing of careful riff. Wait a minute. You do a riff about white women. Yes. Who approached you? And they said something about cooking and you said, what in the are you talking about? I thought That was, what's the word? What's the Word? Don't say the word. Tell me. That's what it start with. F Oh oh. The big one. Huh? The Big John. The big joint. Yeah. Woo. Who She thought she was the one that rhyme with magic? Yes. No way. Oh, Okay. No way on tv. Live on CBS mornings live on television. What's the problem with her?


The World is constantly changing. It's up to you to decide how to respond. Choose to be bold to try something new. Choose to reinvent yourself. That's what Nissan did with the all new totally reimagined kicks. The dynamic new exterior styling immediately announces that Nissan isn't messing around the interior. A completely redesigned cabin with premium features like wireless apple call play and a panoramic moonroof make driving a kicks immersive and exciting. And with new performance and safety features like intelligent all-wheel drive, the kicks is both fun and safer to drive than ever before. It is the dawning of a brand new era for the Nissan Kicks. Only one question remains. Is it a new era for you as well? Drive the all new reimagined Nissan Kicks today. Available Features compatible device service and consumer activation of Nissan Connect Services. Package required use only when safe and legal subject to third party service availability For more information, see Nissan usa.com/connect/legal. Apple CarPlay is a trademark of Apple Link. Intelligent all-wheel drive cannot prevent collisions or provide enhanced traction in all conditions. Always monitor traffic and weather conditions


Before we get back to it. I wanna take a second for our sponsor. Stand up to all the hate now. You know, we joke, we debate, we even push buttons sometimes. But spreading the hate, that's never the right move. There's a difference between keeping it real and just being reckless. Let's do better respect each other and leave the hate out of it. There's no reason to hate even in my household. I have six kids And I don't let my children use the word hate. There's no reason to hate on anybody. It's always better to uplift, empower, and make sure that we support. So join us at The Breakfast Club and standing up to all hate. If you see someone getting hate, speak up and call it out. Your voice is one of the most powerful tools there is in this fight. And you can learn more by following at what's up with hate.


Or show your support by posting the blue square emoji and using the hashtag Staying Up to All Hate on Instagram. And TikTok


at and t has a new guarantee because most things in life are not guaranteed. Like actually getting the rental call you requested or your wedding turning out just like you dreamed it would. And someone making another pot of coffee in the break room after drinking the last drop of the last one. Yeah, don't get me started. Not guaranteed. In The World where nothing is guaranteed at and t is bringing something new to the table. At and t is introducing a guarantee. With connectivity you depend on deals you want and service you deserve or they make it right. So if you wanna know more about the at t guarantee, head to att.com/guarantee. At&t connecting changes everything, terms and conditions apply. Visit att.com/guarantee for details.


Check out Pluto TV's, the Black Collective, a free and curated collection of black entertainment including movies, shows and music, all featuring black talent both on camera and behind the scenes. Watch classic movies like Boomerang Norman and paid in full binge series like Tyler Perry's Sisters and Power and Scream, the latest r and b and hip hop music videos all for free on practically any device that's tons of your favorite entertainment that you can watch on your tv, tablet or phone. All for free. The Black Collective on Pluto tv.


Scream. Now pay Neva quoting what the comedian said though. That's a quote Because Emini here, there's certain things That's The same to me. Somebody and y'all jumped on me. I quote, I was quoting somebody something that somebody said quote a couple ago, quote a couple years ago And I got in trouble for it. By the way, Gale can go into space in a few days and that's what all y'all can talk about. That's what I'm saying. And Trump said it. We can say it Again. He did not. We that wasn't real. Wasn't said That wasn. That wasn't Real. That that, that was not real. Oh my goodness. But yeah, I know C bs CBS mornings comes on at 7:00 AM so we are are locked in and recording. Do not Apologize Gail To see if she apologizes. She probably will. People were really upset about it. For What? For Oh, she was quoting somebody be upset.


The comedian who said it Mate. Lane the comedian. But you can't his Name Mateo's Gay Mateo. Yes. Mateo Lane. That's My guy. Mateo's Gay. He's gay And he can say it. And he laughed when Gail responded. Emini here when Gail repeated it. But Gail is not a a gay man. She's like, what? He Said That is true but you can't, you can't go there. That's like a a So go ahead. A white, a white person gonna say, I heard this. You can't do but The transcript, you gonna, no. Y'all know Gail not homophobic. We know that. But you know this word. You can't say she shouldn't be five. She can apologize this morning and say My bad. That's, that's what it Is. I don dunno for a fact if she's gonna apologize, I just assume she's going to, so we're preparing and recording and we'll be back with the next hour in case she does. But I got the transcript. You wanna repeat the joke? You ain't talking about Gail going to space.


Not one time on this radio, but you come here talking all that negative about her saying to you, gonna repeat the joke. You are a messy messy. Are You gonna repeat the joke? Mm No. Okay, well then why she can she why do you want her to repeat? I would quote It though. If I was, if I was reading it, I would probably quote it. You would not on lie be struggling Just for the chaos. Exactly. Sitting up here talking about why are you talking about me? But by the way, I'm sure Gayle King is quoted worse is what I'm saying. Yes. In the game he's probably not even Mad and not for nothing. And I would love to know the context of it 'cause we only played a little two seconds of it. Like how do, how were they talking to me? She said he was he disrespectful and this is what he said. No, what was the full context? It was a joke that he, she says it in the audio. It was a joke that he had about how white women turn like when they get lit, like when they get drunk, how they turn into basically like, kind of like almost like gay men.


Oh okay. And she repeats a line from his joke and she said, I hope I'm not gonna get in trouble for this. Oh wow. Like she was repeating the joke but people were like, you shouldn't have repeated the joke. Oh shut man. So we'll see at 7:00 AM and yes she is going to space. Yeah she Does. Yeah. That's secondary There to the silly ass slur. Certain, Certain jokes you just don't repeat. Exactly. And Charmagne know he wouldn't repeat it either. I Bet you the man, the maddest people are straight though. It's never the people that's Supposed to be now. That's true. Crazy. Alright. All right. Now when we come back, we got the, And by the it was, it was, it was the way he said it. She didn't Just say the word. Yeah, it had a re at the end. So it, so it was like Ry that's the joke. Oh, so she floated the whole, it wasn't just that one slurry.


Yeah We played the audio. Did you not hear it? It Ble Right. So What she described was the art of being gay as man the art. It was. So you Say mag Used a specific word? Yes. He said mag tree. Yes. So that's why she That's What I said. You need the full context. She didn't say you mag. Oh I forget Y'all. Y'all Said it was what in the mag tree or you? That's What I said. You need the full context. I saw it bleeped And I read about it. I forgot y'all don't just like be like just watching all of that like so I knew the full word And I thought we were gonna add the tree at leave the tree at the end so y'all could at least hear that part. That's What we Were going do. That's why it had to be quoted people Why. Alright, from page news, next is The Breakfast Club.


Good morning, You are chicken out The Breakfast Club. Morning everybody. It's DJ Envy Jess, Hilarious. Charlemagne the guy. We are The Breakfast Club. Let's get back to some front page news. Now we gotta congratulate the Yukon Huskies. They won the N NCAA Women's basketball Championship yesterday. They beat South Carolina 82 to 59. They beat my Cox man and then they did did So What is the whole say the whole name Yo. Because I can't even say Cox, The South Carolina game Cox. But that's what we say. We say the Cox Gold Cox, they Beat my Cox Like come ons stupid. They Cox beat my Cox. You know what Emini here. But I do want to say congratulations to the Yukon Huskies because if you've been following Paige Becker's story man, and you know that she had, you know, a series of injuries that, you know, at the beginning of her college career that set her back a couple of years.


So to see her bounce back the weight that she has to win a championship, can't do nothing. Salute that young lady, man. Yeah, they played ball last night. Now also Florida takes on Houston at eight 50 tonight. What's up Morgan? Hey, what's going on is what happened over the weekend? Okay. A lot of protests across the country protesting Trump. Okay, so over a million people took part in anti-Trump, Trump protests on Saturdays. Now RA rallies were held on all 50 states as well as around The World in response to the Trump administration's actions. Now, organizers of the hands off protests say they are have three demands and end to the billionaire takeover and rampant corruption of the Trump administration and end to slashing federal funds for Medicaid, social security and other programs working people rely on and an end to the attacks on immigrants, trans people and other communities.


Reverend William Barber ii who is a infamous reverend was among those early on in speaking on the program. Let's take a listen to his comments. When Trump and Musk and Johnson and their minions are signing unconstitutional, executive orders, unconstitutionally firing people trying to pass an unjust budget when they are doing this, we must say take your hands off of our democracy. You know, Texas Congressman Al Green was also in attendance. He had some plans to impeach Trump. The Texas Democrats spoke at the anti-Trump rally in DC this weekend telling protestors that Trump doesn't deserve to be president.


Me and Al Green have already had this conversation with you, was on The Breakfast Club and he was here on The Breakfast Club. Such a waste of time. They've already, they've already impeached Trump twice. It's done nothing like what Does impeachment really mean? Because nothing, it's just paperwork. 'cause they never leave office. It's not like they leave. It is a paperwork thing. So added that Trump can't be trusted with liberty and justice for all, nor can he be entrusted with government of the people by the people and for the people. So thousands of people, again, like as I mentioned, gathered in DC and then there were similar rallies held across major cities including New York, Boston, Chicago, and la. Well, speaking of LA in case you missed it, that California of the former vice president that we used to have outta California.


Yeah, Kamala Harris. Yeah. She spoke last Thursday at the leading Women Defined Summit in Dana Point, California. She said a lot has changed in the past few months since she was defeated at the ballot box by President Donald Trump. But in many ways some of it is not coming as much of a surprise to her. So let's take a listen to former Vice President Kamala Harris. You know, there were many things that we knew would happen. Many things. I'm not here, sir. I told you so. She said, I'm not here to say I told you so. She said progress and policies that ultimately led to progress have been rolled back, which we are seeing and a sense of fear has washed over so many in the country. And she said, as a result, we are seeing people stay quiet. We are seeing organizations stay quiet.


We are seeing those who are capitulating to clearly unconstitutional threats. And in the end hair stress that the whole world is watching and noted courage is contagious. So as you're saying what you're saying, You know, you know, to carne, I wanna say to the vp, I have no problem with her saying, I told you so. 'cause that's what politics is, letting people know what your opponent is doing wrong. And if I told you what was going happen, maybe you'll listen to me next time. Well, she said I didn't come to say I told you so, but you know how that goes. You actually saying, I told you so let's take a listen to former President Obama's audio. He had some audio surfacing or video surfacing on social media that basically was like, you know, what would've happened if he would've done this.


So let's listen to Obama. Imagine if I had done any of this. Let, let, let me just, I I I just, I just wanna be clear about this. Imagine if I had pulled Fox News's credentials from the White House Press court. You're laughing, but no, that this is what's happening. I imagine if I I had said to law firms that were representing parties that were upset with policies my administration had initiated that you'll not be allowed into government buildings. Yeah. So this is real guys. In case you guys missed it, I'm not sure who all listens and whatnot. It follows me. But that's the truth. You know, I, my White House press credential has essentially been revoked and it is true.


I'm not sure how or why I can't gain access to the White House like I used to, but, but it pulled It from you. No reason why. Yes. It, it was, it was like I was just not on the list, not receiving emails. And I've been trying to, you know, I can't even get in type because You work with a black Information network, Emini here, the Black Information Network. You could say, you could say it's the Black Information Network if you want to. And it is, but you know, it's not like he's loving on y'all either. So there's that too. So I'm just saying, But that what that but that is, that is probably why though Emini here, especially when you look at Pete Hef and you look at all of the books that he just removed from the, what was that? The military library if I'm not mistaken. And and all of those books are, are, are, yeah.


Are black books, books about sexuality. They're also talking about rolling back initiatives at the Smithsonians calling like the National African American Museum of, you know, history and culture saying that that's anti-American and anti ideology of, of America. So it's just kind of crazy. And I just want you guys to pay attention to what's going on. Make sure you get straight, you know what Emini here, like get, get, get right, get right with, with whoever your maker is and get right and make sure you are against standing as a citizen. Period. And I, And I want to say one more thing about Obama. I understand what Obama was trying to say, but he should've made it really personal and say, can you imagine if me as a black man had done anything Trump has done? Because when he made it about Democrats, actually that's what we've been trying to imagine.


Yeah. Let's imagine if Democrats actually thought outside the box in dead Republicans to do something about it. Democrats are still stuck in a right and wrong way of doing things. All that self-restraint and doing things the so-called right way. It is gotten them nowhere. And there's a bunch of examples we could use to imagine if Obama or any Democrat, you know, showed some, some, some political courage and the will to do what they know is right regardless of what the backlash will republic, regardless of what the backlash from Republicans will be. So, so, yeah. So when Obama says, imagine yeah, we, we've all been trying to imagine if Democrats showed some political courage and the will to do what they know is right regardless of what the backlash from Republicans will be.


We've imagined that. All right y'all, well, we'll continue to imagine and we'll continue to experience what's going on for real in real life. That's your front page news. Follow me on socials at Morgan Media, M-O-R-G-Y-N-M-E-D-I-A And for more news coverage, make sure you're following at Black Information Network. Download the free iHeartRadio app and visit us@bnnews.com. Thank you. Okay, Morgan. Thank you Morgan. Now when we come back, we have director of Black Panther and Creed and now his new movie Sin is coming out April 18th, Ryan Kugler. So don't go anywhere. It's The Breakfast Club. Good morning, The Breakfast Club Morning everybody. It's DJNV Jess. Hilarious Charlamagne ne guy.


We are The Breakfast Club Laura LaRosa filling in and we got a special guest in the building. He's back. Ladies and gentlemen. Ryan Coogler. Welcome back brother. Man. It's nice to be here, bro. How you feeling? I'm feeling good bro. Feeling good. We just near a movie last night, you know, so happy to, happy to be at this stage of putting it out and happy to be here talking to y'all about it. Man. One thing about Ryan, no matter what Ryan is doing, no matter how long he in Hollywood that Oakland do not get up out here Dress Coast, you can hear he every time you talk about, I feel like you about to ask me what set I'm from, He tripping bro. We, we don't, we don't even, we we he Himself Now. No, no. We gonna ask somebody that in Oakland, bro.


That's that's a LA thing. Asking somebody that brought they shit. But How do you stay so grounded though? Like you can hear the Oakland in you, like you doing movies that got $90 million budgets, but it don't change It, it is just my actions. It how I talk, bro. Exactly. I don can't change it, you know, and it's funny 'cause my moms was, it was actually funny 'cause my mom, remember when my accent started to change? Mm. Because I started hanging out. She was like, Hey man, you talking like them, you know, you talking like them outside. You know what I'm saying? It's gonna get stuck like that. Yeah. She Just say, so my whole life I gotta, I gotta, I ended up having to explain it, you know what I'm saying? But yeah, bro, it's, it's, it, it is a hard talk. I can't, I can't talk no Different. Now I was gonna say, you mentioned sin. So explain to people what Sinner is about. I'm sure they seen the commercial, they seen the trailers, but what is sin about?


Yeah, man, it's about two twin brothers who come home to, to their hometown in Clarkdale, Mississippi after about seven years in Chicago. And they kind of, you know, they, they, they basically gangsters, you know what Emini here and, and very notorious. And they come home and pick up their little cousin who's this, who's this bluish prodigy. And they got plans of opening up a, a a juke joint, you know, which is like a, a black nightclub at, at that, at that time. And so it's a 24 hour movie. They gather up all they, all they friends from they past who, you know, to start this business. And then, you know, a vampire ends up showing up and, and then things go a little left. How Difficult was it directing one actor for two different roles? Because Michael B. Jordan played the Twin Brothers Man, it was, I guess I wouldn't wanna talk about it like in terms of degree of difficulty.


Right. But, but it was, it was definitely complicated, you know what I'm saying? Like, but I got a, I got a great team, bro. I got great producers, fantastic visual effects department and, and, and we just came up with a plan and how to do it. I I actually, I actually talked to a few filmmakers who had done things like it, you know, I was in conversation with, with with Chris Nolan, who's a mentor of mine and he did a similar thing. He actually did a couple movies that had, that had like kind of twinning elements. He did a movie called The Prestige Spoiler alert, it's twin element in that. And then he, he also did a movie called 10 that came out right? Right at, right at the, at the start of the Pandemic, which with, with John David Washington. And, and because he got characters going back and forth in time. Like he got scenes with John David Washington fighting himself. So I talked with him a little bit. I was talking to him about just the format that we shot the film in and we talked a little bit of Twin era too.


But it, it was another film actor I know named Sean Durkin who came up the Sundance route. He's just done a, a television series called Dead Ringers. It was a remake of a David Berg film, but it started Rachel Vice as twin gynecologist. You know what I'm saying? That, that that identical twin gynecologist played by one actor. And I, And I got on the phone with him for about, we probably talked for about, about about an hour on how they, how they made that work. And he, he ran it down to me, you know, kind of blow by blow at things I should be thinking about. And I, I'll be forever grateful to, I'll be forever grateful to Sean And I should need to reach out to him, you know. But, but yeah, like, it, it's, it's, it's a lot. It's very, very technical, but it's, it is actually the hardest on Mike. You know, I'm, I'm there with the camera and trying to and trying to work it out and, and some, some days is more complicated than us. I don know if y'all had a chance to see the film yet, that's how far absolute did you parts of it.


Far. Okay. Yeah. So for Michael, you know, he had to, he had to embody two completely different people who, who were identical twins, which is a very like, unique specific type of person. Right. And, and on and on days where, you know, where, where, where the twins were interacting, you know, he would have to start the day as one character go get changed and come back and then shoot another pass as a, as the other character. We had to cast a twin double, which is a, a, a actor who, who, who basically is the same build shape, height complexion as Mike to act across from him so he can know where you know where to look, but something so he's not talking To himself. Okay. So when I was watching it, 'cause even the first time you see them on camera and they're standing next to each other and I'm like, okay, I noticed this technology, but I'm like, as an actor I know you kind of feed off of like, it's very like physical.


Yeah. So I was like, I wonder how Michael B. Jordan, like what is he using to, because their interaction is Yeah. Now Lauren wants to stunt double number. She like, just like Michael, he built like, She can't get the original, so she'll get the stunt, Shout out the S bill When they killed a snake in the back of the truck. Even that, I'm like, Emini here. That was something so small. But I'm like, you gotta know where your people are to know, you know what I'm saying? I'm like how did they do that? Emini Here look a lot of work man. You feel me? Like, like we did a lot of work, but real talk, like highest degree of difficulty was on Mike. Acting is an insanely difficult thing to do. Mm. You know what I'm saying? Like, to be able to embody another, another human being. And in this case, he had to embody two of them that had an interdependent relationship on each other. Right? Right. So, so we had to make sure that Percy could, could act, but also Mike had to know what he was gonna do.


'cause Percy is not Mike. You know what I'm saying? So you had to kind of like, you know, we had to kind of walk through, alright, well what would he do when he smoke? Or what would he do when he stack? We had to decide who should go first. You know what, Emini here, because knowing that whoever goes second is gonna have to really feed off where the first one was, they can't walk through the body of the other one, even though they not there. We gotta map that out. It was very, it was very technical, bro. You know what Emini here, but I was so impressed with, I was so impressed with what Mike was able to do, man. Like, I think these two performances are his two best performances he's ever, he's ever done. Wow. You know, and, and I've been there. All of them For all. Yeah. For all. Not all of them, you feel me? But I've been there for, I've been there for some of the, for some of the, you know, some of the great ones. I would say like, you know, I wasn't there for just Marcy. I wasn't there for John, John for Jordan Creed two and Creed three I of Creed. I was an executive producer.


Creed three I produced. But as, as far as like what I, what I'm directing right there, standing next to the camera, watching him, y'all haven't seen a movie, but there's two brothers and these dudes is gangsters straight up. You know what I'm saying? Like, old school gangsters, like the, the gangsters that the gangsters we came up under look, you know, came up under, you know what, you know what Emini here and World War I veterans and, and one brother is far more gangster than the other one. Hothead. You know what Emini here, it's, it's funny because it was, it was, it was complicated. 'cause he's actually kind of cool. Yeah. You know, like, like, and constantly more cunning than anything. You got that funny story about Nelly, bro. You know what I'm saying? You said when he said Nelly calmly told you like, I got a cont cont for Everybody. Be like, yo, who's the person that came to the show that made you feel like they were really you up? I'm like, Nelly. Yeah. And they like Nelly. Everybody be like, Nelly. It is. Because he had such a calm demeanor about it.


So where I'm from, bro, you know, you had the guys that was, you had the guys that was rah rah And in HighEd that didn't last long. You know what, Emini here that got killed early, went to jail early. That's right. The dudes that last the longish is the dudes that was sit right there. Yep. And you don't even know, they just decided they're gonna have you whacked. But that's, you know what I'm, you know what I'm saying? Smokes gangsters. The, the real scary ones, even in New York, were the ones that didn't say much. Real quiet, real calm. Yep. Those are the ones you had to be scared, right? Yeah. So that's smoke in the, in the movie. And I'll never forget, bro, that he's zero. When we was shooting, he came to set Ass Smoke. And in Ruth Carter, who's a legendary costumer course, she came up to me And I could tell she was like, a little bit, a little bit flustered, you know what I'm saying? She was like, Hey, you know, I got this jewelry, you know, I, I got different, you know, like kind of getting that costumers together.


And she was saying like, you know, you gotta look at it and tell me what you, what you, what you want him to have. I put, you know, I put both things on him. So he walked, so Mike walked up and I've been knowing Mike A. Long time, bro, you know, you know what Emini here, like, we, we homie you feel me? And it's something all his energy making my blood run cold. You know what Emini here. And I, and so, so I asked him the question that she wanted. It was like something about a bracelet, if you wanted a bracelet or something or not. And I said, Hey bro, do you want the bracelet on, on this, on this arm for smoke or this arm? And he said, he said, I'm indifferent, but he said in like, this deep southern accent, you know what I'm saying? And I, And I looked at him And I was like, oh, character, Character. He Completely like, you know what Emini here, he's, he's completely somebody else. You know what? You know what I'm saying? And he had like a thousand yard steer, you feel me? And I was like, oh man, we gotta get to work. I put him right in the car and started shooting. I don't even know if I took the bracelet off or not.


You know what, Emini here? Yeah. All We got more with Brian Kogler when we come back. Don't move. It's The Breakfast Club. Good morning. Morning everybody. It it's TJ Envy, just hilarious. Charlamagne the guy. We are The Breakfast Club Law, the roasts here as well. We're still kicking it with Ryan Kogler, you know, director of Black Panther and Creed. And now the new movie Sin Is, which comes out April 18th. So what made you wanna do this movie? So, so look, I had an uncle named Uncle James Edmondson, and he was, he was born and raised in Mississippi, but then fled to Oakland when he was like in his twenties. You know, so, so, so, you know, that's where I was born. And we probably like the second wave with a great migration. Right. You know, it was basically like the oldest member of my family for the oldest male member of my family for a long time.


And, and, and my parents couldn't afford to buy a house in Oakland. We ended up moving to Richmond, which is, you know, essentially like, like Newark would be here, here and here in New York, right. If Oakland was Brooklyn. And shortly after we moved, my uncle James and his family moved. They was like down the block from me, you know, so I would go spend time with him when I went to get out the house, I could walk to his house and all he would do when he was off from work is he would listen to, to, he would either watch it San Francisco Giants game on tv or he would listen to it on the radio if it wasn't televised to drink all Taylor whiskey and play blues records on vinyl. You know what I'm saying? And, and, and I came to associate that music with him. I didn't think about the, the, the music, you know, for me, for me it was, it was, you know what I'm saying? It was, it was rapping r and b. Right. But in 2015, he ended up passing away and he, he got sick while I was making Creed.


So I was like, I was, I was, I was in Philly for, for most of the time while he was sick. And I had to go to LA and do post-production, And I got the call that he died while I was like, I don't know, like picture locking or something. And I felt like, bro, I, I remember being in a, in the hallway with my wife who, who produced this movie and just feeling like, bro, I doing man, I'm not, I'm not at home with my, you know what I'm saying? I'm like, I'm not getting, I'm not in a hallway And in the middle of LA and some, some dirty production facility. You know what, you know, know what I'm saying? And I made at home for the funeral, but I never reckoned with that feeling of, of not being there with somebody who was so important to me. And so I would find myself, when I was thinking about him playing like all blues records, you feel me? Like, and when I would listen to him, it was like, if I close my eyes, it was like he was there with me. You know what, you know what I'm saying? Like the power of the, the power of music to be able to do that.


Right? So you got that. Then there was another element to it. So I've been making films based on other things. Basically my whole, my whole career, right? Like, like my first feature film was Fruitville Fruitville Station. And I was based on a real, like a real thing that happened. You know what I'm saying? Where I, where I'm from. Right. I for right. It's on, it's only, you know, it's only, it's only so many ways you tell that story. And I was trying to tell it the way that had the most integrity for where I'm from for, for his family and for who that, who that who that young man was who was murdered by police officer, bro. Right. And, and then I, then I was forced up to make the, make, make, make a movie movie in the Rocky, in the Rocky Universe. Right. You know what I'm saying? A movie about Paulo Cree's son. And, And I got hired for the Black Panther movies. You know what I'm saying? You know, so these is all stuff based on other things. So I'm on Panther two and it's, it is taken a long time.


We had a lot of experience, a lot of, a lot of tragedy, a lot of misfortune. It is a lot. That wasn't just us by the way. It was during a global pandemic, you know what I'm saying? And tragically lost our actor rest peace. Yeah. Rest in peace. So I had to re-figure that out and, and keep it together with everybody who was in, who was involved, still wanted to make something. And in, in our lead actress, lovely Leticia Wright was, was injured on, on, on set. Had to, had to shut down for that. Omicron shut us down And in, you know, And in Atlanta ended up being like a four year movie, bro. Wow. And I remember we was going through the, maybe the worst of it, man. And what would get me through, you know, Sean, while I was, while I was out there, was listening to some of my favorite artists, bro. And, And I was listening to a lot of Nip Rest in Peace. I was listening to a lot of dol. Right. Rest in Peace.


Peace. Look. But when I was listening to Do, bro wasn't rest in peace yet, bro. Ooh. Wasn't rest in peace yet. Mm. And I'll never forget, bro. I think it was, I think it was November 17th, 2021. I'm in Byron Georgia And I see my first Cotton field bro rash machine in my life. Wow. We ride, we riding And I, And I, And I saw it And I talked to Driver Pull over, you know what I'm saying? Bounced out. I never, I had never seen one before. You know what, you know what? Emini here, you driving white? Nah, hell no show. Because he probably was like, yes, fine. We trying to get them back here for nah, hell nah, bro. Shout off to Craig, man. Nah, black man from Craig, from New York. Yeah, Craig from New York. Okay. Black man from New York. But shit, we was in, we was in, you know, he working out Atlanta, right? Like for everybody, everybody's making their movies.


Emini here, bro. Emini here, but I'm in Burndown show, bro. And I go, I go, I go, I literally like went, went into the field just to, just to see it, bro. I was having like a crazy ass, you know, you know what I'm saying? Moment. Like, like what that feel like Keep it a honey bro. I can describe it, bro. Because, because I felt guilty. I, I I felt like, you know, I've been on this show bro, talking about going to Africa and how I wanted to get type, type deal with my ancestors. And, but then was my ancestors 400 years removed? This was my ancestors, hundred years removed. Hadn't been there, hadn't seen it. So it was, it was like an overwhelming sense of guilt more than anything. Right. And I took some And I, I believe that day I was, when when I heard he, he was murdered. Do Wow. Wow. I had never met this dude. I had never met Nick. You know what I'm saying? But, but, but I felt like I knew him.


You know what I, you know what I'm saying? Like from the, from the, from the music. And I remember being like, man, fuck this. Because you gotta keep in mind, I was in the Bay, bro, going to football practice with my homies when we heard Pac died and we was cpac you know what I'm, you know what I'm, know what I'm saying? Like, it shot our whole football practice down. The mommas was crying, the coaches was crying. And I'm like, I'm like, bro, as a fan of this, his music, bro, bro, it's been a lifetime in his bro. Like being in Philly on Cree and hearing that that, that the Jack of Rest in peace got killed. You know what, what I'm saying? Or that Keith, the sneak got shot in the back, he paralyzed now. Like, I'm like, you know, my homies out that, that came up and was rapping. He y'all never heard of, you feel me? That, that. And I'm like, man, I'm like, bro, I can't listen to this music right now, bro. I can't. I gotta take a break, you feel me? And I remember venting to my producer who was from Central California.


He from close black man, but from a different culture there. I say, bro, what kind of music is there, bro? Where the artist talks about how to navigate, where they from, how to escape all the demons they dealing with, man, they succeed. Get to they thirties and still fall victim to the bro what music exists like this? I was, I was saying it like, he looked at me, he a smart dude, Nate named Moore. He looked at me, bro, in a real empathetic way, considered it. He was like, man, my favorite music like that. And I said, what music is that? He said, man, grunge music. I said, huh? He said, yeah man. He like, he like, we just lost Chris Cornell, bro. He was in his fifties. Yeah. They overdose a lot. Yeah. He was like, he's like, all that music is about struggling with, you know what I'm saying? Struggling with like demons depression and trying to kick dope. You know what Emini here And I end up, you know, they could get all the money in The World standing up, dying in hotel rooms. I said, damn.


And, and what's crazy is in the Bay, our biggest radio station is 1 0 6 0.1 k yell. And the only rock song I ever played on that station bro coming up was Nirvana. It smell like Teen Spirit. So I was like, man, let me dig into this grunge music, bro. I'm I'ma i'ma take a break from, you know what I'm saying? From rap, I'm gonna listen to some grunge. And I started listening to it, bro. And I was like, man, it sound like what my uncle used to play. Mm. Like IIII was, I was listening to listen to her. The jazz used to play? No, the Blues. Oh, the blues, okay. Like it's literally like I'm listening to it. I'm listening to the guitar riffs and, and like what they talking about and, and, and like, like the passion they seeing with, and, and I'm like, that's odd. And I dug into the research man, and that's exactly what it is. You know what I'm saying? It's just, it's just, it just blows music. The song by white people. And this just, it is just like within the same 24 hours.


You know what, you know what I'm saying? That was, that was when I was, that's when I was like sharecropping blues, the evolution of it. The racist origins of genre as a concept. You know what I'm saying? Like, I'm like, I think it's a movie in this And I'm just a big horror movie fan, bro. I, I like, I like horror and all his fashions and nobody really knew that about me. You know what I'm saying? 'cause of the movies that I made. So I put that with it too. And, and you know, this is, this is how we got, how we got sinners. If that makes sense. And That's crazy. 'cause when they talk about sinners, they talk about how you, your genre blending, right. They call it horror drama and everything else. But you gotta put hip hop in there too. I feel like even in the way that the smoke and his are the names stack smoke and stack even the way that they like maneuver in the way that they move. Like even it's small stuff that in there.


And you, I'm hearing you say that it wasn't even purposely I, I guess, but even the way he pulls out his gun and stuff like that, it's like, it's so much to it. And when, when I was watching the parts that I did see of it, I was just sitting here thinking like, wow, like I wonder how many times you sit and watch it and you catch something different every single time because it's, it's like layered. And I think some of it is not on purpose. Like, does that happen to you still? Yeah. I, I oftentimes catch things with this movie, especially 'cause it was so personal And I would become a more experienced filmmaker. You know what I'm, you know what Emini here. And I'd be like, oh, I was doing that. You know, I didn't realize it. And, and the other thing that happens, man, when you, when you work on on, 'cause our, our art form is, is a tricky one, right? Like, you know, for instance, the young great legend Rod Wave watched the movie and then went, knocked out a song for us in a day inspired by, inspired by the film and shit.


This a song. I'm like, yo, this is done. You know, you know what I'm saying? Like, you know, like, like I, I got, there's nothing we can, there's nothing else we can do, do this. We can't touch. It took him a night. But we working in years and what's crazy is you not even the same person in four months. You know what I'm saying? Like, I, I, I, I've, I've written a screenplay and then got to like the last day of shooting. I'm looking at the script like, what the fuck was I like, who wrote this? You know what I'm saying? I, I often, I often say that like, man, what was I thinking? And I'm, I'm trying to get back into my own head, you know what I'm saying? From, from time past, you know, you editing the film and, and mixing the sound. And sometimes I'll be like, oh, that's what I meant. You know, you know what I, you know what I'm saying? Oh, like that's what this is. You feel me? But yeah, I still see things, man. And, and, and this wasn't based on anything like direct. So you, you pull from yourself.


All right, we got more with Ryan Kogler when we come back, don't move. It's The Breakfast Club. Good morning. Morning everybody. It's DJNV Jess. Hilarious. Charlamagne the guy. We are The Breakfast Club law. Lauren is hanging out with us as well. We're still kicking it with Ryan Kogler shale me Different energy brings different things outta people. What did Chadwick Boseman bring outta you? That Michael B. Jordan does it. It's a fantastic question, bro. Doing this press tour. 'cause 'cause outta all of my actors, bro, outta all my actors, Chad's death actually hit Mike the hardest. I never had to talk about that. But we were doing, we were doing press together now. And look man, Chad was older than us, bro. He was quite a bit older than us. Even though he looked like he was the same age, he was not. You know what I'm saying? That was a fully baked


man. The World is constantly changing. It's up to you to decide how to respond. Choose to be bold to try something new. Choose to reinvent yourself. That's what Nissan did with the all new totally reimagined kicks. The dynamic new exterior styling immediately announces that Nissan isn't messing around the interior. A completely redesigned cabin with premium features like wireless Apple called play, and a panoramic moonroof make driving a kicks immersive and exciting. And with new performance and safety features, like intelligent all wheel drive, the kicks is both fun and safer to drive than ever before. It is the dawning of a brand new era for the Nissan Kicks. Only one question remains. Is it a new era for you as well? Drive the all new reimagined Nissan Kicks today. Available Features compatible device service and consumer activation of Nissan Connect Services. Package required use only when safe and legal subject to third party service availability for more information, see Nissan usa.com/connect/legal. Apple CarPlay is a trademark of Apple Link. Intelligent all-wheel drive cannot prevent collisions or provide enhanced traction in all conditions. Always monitor traffic and weather conditions


Before we get back to it. I wanna take a second for our sponsors. Stand up to all the hate. Now. You know, we joke, we debate, we even push buttons sometimes. But spreading the hate, that's never the right move. There's a difference between keeping it real and just being reckless. Let's do better respect each other and leave the hate out of it. There's no reason to hate even in my household. I have six kids And I don't let my children use the word hate. There's no reason to hate on anybody. It's always better to uplift, empower, and make sure that we support. So join us at The Breakfast Club and standing up to all hate. If you see someone getting hate, speak up and call it out. Your voice is one of the most powerful tools there is in this fight. And you can learn more by following at what's up with hate.


Or show your support by posting the blue square emoji and using the hashtag Staying Up to All Hate on Instagram. And TikTok


At and t has a new guarantee because most things in life are not guaranteed. Like actually getting a rental car you requested or your wedding turning out just like you dream it would. And someone making another pot of coffee in the break room after drinking the last drop of the last one. Yeah, don't get me started. Not guaranteed. In a world where nothing is guaranteed at and t is bringing something new to the table at t is introducing a guarantee with connectivity, you depend on deals you want and service you deserve or they make it right. So if you want to know more about the at t guarantee, head to at&t dot com slash guarantee. At&t connecting changes everything, terms and conditions apply. Visit att.com/guarantee for details.


Check out Pluto TV's, the Black Collective, a free and curated collection of black entertainment, including movies, shows and music, all featuring black talent, both on camera and behind the scenes. Watch classic movies like Boomerang Norman and paid in full binge series like Tyler Perry's Sisters and Power and Scream, the latest RB and hip hop music videos all for free on practically any device that's tons of your favorite entertainment that you can watch on your tv, tablet of phone, all for free. The Black Collective on Pluto tv.


Scream Now pay Neville From the south. You know what? You know what I'm saying? Like he was an old school man's man compared to that dude when we worked together, bro, me and Michael's kids, you know what, you know what I'm saying? And what Chad taught me, bro, Emini here, he changed my life, bro. You know what I'm saying? But he was the kind of teacher you never knew you was getting a election. Mm. When he taught, you know what I'm saying? It was all by example. What he gave me and Michael was patience. He moved at an old school pace and he took his time. He was always early, you know what I'm saying? He was that type of, he was that type of dude, bro. You know what I'm saying? And you know, I don't think Mike, I don't think Mike would be, look man, I told him, Mike, Mike and Michael tell you this. I told him, man, I said, Hey bro, what would Chad do you know what I'm saying in this, in this role, if he had this role, what would he do? Because Chad never brought accent, you know what I'm saying?


He was talking in an African accent, bro. He putting, you know, meeting for dinner at nine o'clock. I remember the Disney executives came and seen us on Panther like week two. And he pulled up and it was Charlie's accent, man, what's going on? They was freaked out. And I was like, no, be freaked out. He working man. That's how he, he don't turn it off to till we rap. You know what I'm, you know what I'm saying? And, and, and, and, and no shame or embarrassment in that. But that's how he was, that's how he was moving. You know what I'm, you what I'm saying? And, and for Mike to see I up close to have to do scenes across from that. And if, for me to be able to say that to him, you know what I'm saying? Like, like, like that he's transitioning to become an ancestor and say, Hey bro, what the, what would the, what, what would the big homie do? You know, you know what I'm saying? Like, boom, lock in. You know what I'm saying? The difference is man, look man won't never be another child, bro.


You feel me? Like, like wow. So so that, so that's the difference. It's like, it's like asking somebody, Hey bro, what was it like to suit up across from, from from Mike Jordan? You know what I'm saying? You know, like, like, you know, it made you a better hooper. I bet. You know, and that's what it was. You know what? Emini here. Oh, Do, do you, do you you gotta come back. Right? It's so much. I know. You long, as Long y'all have me, bro. I just want, so I just want something to, to, to sell man. I wanna tell people go see the movie in theater, bro. You know what I'm saying? Yeah. Sin Guess I guess I'll stay on chat with just a little bit. 'cause I recently saw a video where Denzel was speaking about his first time seeing Black Panther. Yeah. And he said it made him feel like he could pass the torch because of you, because of white. It was, it was so much deeper than that. It was so much deeper than Denzel I ever shot. 'cause he's humble. Look man, Chad was at Howard University, bro.


And he, he was maybe the most brilliant actor that ever come through there, bro. And Felicia Rasha knew it. He was there to be a filmmaker and Felicia Rashad wanted to send him to, to England where they, where they, you know where they really do it. Felicia was like, I wanna get you to Oxford. I wanna get you on stage in, in, in London sha from Anderson, South Carolina. Felicia like, man, don't worry, I'm gonna find somebody to take care of you. Goes to Denzel. Denzel says, I wanna, I wanna take care of it for the kid, but I don't want, I don't want them to know it's me And I don't wanna know nothing about it. Wow. Wow. Right. Felicia said, Hey, we got a donor for you. Says him out to Oxford. He goes and shuts the down comes back Chadwick b me. Right. You know what I'm saying? Later on in his career, Felicia put him to the side and said, Hey man, I was Denzel that paid for that. Wow. Wow. Chadwick seized Denzel in passion for years and years and years.


The patience I'm talking about knew it wasn't time to tell him yet. We premier in la Premier in New York. Denzel said, I can pull up. He was doing Broadway. I think he was doing the Iceman coming or something. He said, I can pull up. I said, all right, bet. I told my actors, I said, Hey, Denzel coming in tonight. Chad immediately pull me to the side and said, I gotta talk to him before, before they go in and watch. And I said, what's going on? He wishing my ear, bro, I got, I gotta thank him for something so Denzel pull up man. He, he, Denzel don't like to be, he, he's not a Hollywood person crazy enough. He wanted to come in through the back door. He don't wanna do the carpet. You know what Emini here, he dresses very down. And so I grabbed him. I said, man, somebody wanna talk to you. Put him to the side. My wife was there. It was, it was me, ZZI and Denzel and Chad in, in the room And in And in a DJ g theater in in in, in New York.


Right here in Manhattan. And Denzel pulled up. I was like, Hey man, what's going on? You know, and, and Chad whispering in and shit, bro, that was me. And thanked him. That's why Denzel was crying, you know what I'm saying? When he watched the movie. Like, it was because of that. And for me, that's the look man, do you know how many actors, bro, as soon as they would've got on, they would've went on the show and said, yeah man, Denzel paid for me to go to Oxford. Do you know how many articles they would've got out of that? Yeah. 42 Press run. I'm Jackie Robinson. Oh yeah, man, by the way, Denzel pay for me to Nah. Talking him to his, talking to his. That's why, that's why it's almost impossible for you to even think about recasting a child. Yeah. No, but with the multiverse, it makes it a little Emini Here we, we talk, we talk, we talk about that next time.


Time. Yeah. Well, can I ask one more question about sentence? Yeah. And it's really about Mike. 'cause the relationship you and Mike have, I think does not get enough credit. I really don't like y'all are unity and group operation personified. Yeah. Do y'all have a symbiotic relationship? Was it, was it immediate or did, did it develop over time? It, it, it developed bro. Like, like IIII liken it to, I liken it to a, a quarterback And in a and a, you know, in a whiteout, you know what I'm saying? Like, I play, I play receiver And in college football And in it's like that, like it gets to the point where, you know, we got a shorthand and we hold each other accountable. We also push each other. Like, we not trying to do the same thing we did before. You know what, Emini here, we not, we not gonna show up and, and, and go through the motions. We trying to show up and, and get bigger and better each time.


But the thing about, but brother, keep it honey man, the thing I love most about Mike is his kindness, bro. Like, like, like he, he's, he's, he's the number one on the call sheet. Big old giant ey star. He's incredibly kind to everybody on set focus knows the ad's, name, knows the PA's name. Don't come on the set. Hey, don't look me in the eye. You know what I'm saying? Never raise a good situation to anybody. You know what, you know what? Emini here. And, and he works his ass off. So, so it, it sets a tone for everybody that you gonna be respectful. You gonna be respectful to the, to the pa up top to the producer. We gonna respect women. You know what I'm saying? Like, we, we, we gonna be, we gonna be kind. You know what Emini here not going know. Because on a film set can get, can get gnarly. You know what Emini here, if if you don't, you know, if you don't set the right tone. Right. So, so for me, I'm always, he always gonna have a job if I'm making something, you know, and he A good person, even when you see him in his element, he'll take pictures with kids.


He'll stop to take pictures to speak to older people. Especially when he in Jersey, it's 10 times worse. Yeah. Yeah. Besides, he just don't like Charlemagne. But besides that, What, That's Not true. Charlemagne always messing him about the type of women. He like that Man that me, him, Mike. Good. Cut it out. That's, He don't like charlamagne, but That's nice coolness of emotion. And here you come so dark. That's n He's a good, I just messed with him a couple times about the white women he was dating. I'll stay away from that stuff. Oh, that's crazy. Make don't let Dr. Wilmar down. That's all. Nothing crazy. He, But nah, he's a good, he's a good, I promise you. One last thing. How, how do you accept an apology from Denzel Washington?


Because he said he apologized to you. Like, you, you, that's the, that's the og. Like do you even accept like nah, He, he, Do you even get mad at him? Yeah. No man. Nah man. I'm blessed to have him in my life, bro. Like straight up man. Through having him, I get Pauletta. Who? He a bigger blessing. Yeah man. He, he, he, he, he ain't, I don no apology, bro. Him, him, him, him saying that we gonna work together. Apologize for that. Yeah. It's crazy. That's what I'm saying. That's what, when he called you, he was just like, he Was, he was he more than, more than any. He was like, Hey bro, did I say too much? Like it wasn't, it wasn't you. Hey, I say too much man. I ain't mean make it hard. I'm like, nah, you good, you good Then y'all was just happy to hear from you man. Alright. You FaceTime me in the whole hype. It's just, just a, I'm, I'm, I'm blessed bro to be able to, to have these, these, these, these mentors bro.


Like, like I feel like God looks after me bro. And I, when I lose one, I gain one. You know, you know what I'm saying? And, and you, I started off talking about this losing my uncle. Right. You know what I'm saying? And I'm the artist of three brothers. I've been looking for big brothers my whole life, you know what I'm saying? And when and when I gain, you know what Emini here, like, like people who can, who can give me any type of mentorship or, or, or advice and, and you know, it's, it's the most incredible blessing. So he don't owe, you know, he don't owe you No apologies, man. And, and I think more than anything he just, he just wanted to make sure that he ain't, he ain't speak outta school with how, how intense all of the, all of the comic book stuff can get. You know what I'm saying? We Need you Ryan Emini here, you know, with the way they trying to erase our history out here. We need brothers like you that, that represent, you know, black culture man.


And tell Black stories. I need y'all, bro. I got, I need y'all, y'all, y'all, y'all work ethic in the, in the, in the relationship. Y'all done built up with the audiences, you know what I'm saying? The trust. So I could tell 'em to go see sins. That's right. April 18th, go see an imax. 'cause that's how we shot it on film. On big giant IMAX cameras and, and super wide ultra pan vision 70 millimeter for the first time. You know, and you gonna see, you gonna see people of all shades and colors on the, on the, on the screen, on the movie. A rollercoaster ride of motion plays like a rock concert 'cause of the work that y'all do. You feel me? We able to, we able to come into people about, you know, we got going on man. So we need each other, you feel me? Absolutely. Yeah, definitely. Go check it out. April 18th. Sin ladies and gentlemen, Ryan ler, thank you for joining us and thank y'all bro.


And don't be a stranger. You in town. Come on up here. Better up. All right, it's The Breakfast Club. Good morning. Going stay. Hey guys, guys, guys, guys. It's time for the latest for Lauren. Lauren coming the street fast. She gets them from somebody that knows. Somebody Knows well. She gets the details. I'm the one girl that knows a little bit about everything and She be having the latest on you. The latest with Lauren la Sometimes you have facts, sometimes she have details, sometimes she have a little bit of everything. Well, it's the latest on The Breakfast Club. Talk to me. I love classroom arguments. Charlemagne, you all right? You okay? What mean? He was just a little angry in here, just making sure before I got started, he good.


I was not angry At all. All right, so Obama, he sat down with Hamilton College president Steven, what's his last name? Steven Tepper. He sat down with Hamilton College President Steven Tepper. And he talked about how he's now in a deep deficit with Michelle Obama after serving two terms in the White House. Now, I've heard Michelle Obama previously talk about how, you know, there was times where she really did not like him, especially when he became president and they worked through it. But he says Obama said. So I've been trying to dig myself out of that hole by doing occasionally fun things. Now again, they've talked about how the presidency had like a huge impact on their marriage.


And I was reading a lot of the interview. He says, let me Just say this, it sure helps be outta the White House and to have a little more time with her. I don't know, I I I understand, you know, Obama and everything that he did for the country and you know what him being in the White House meant, but men, every single time they talk about personally how it impacted their family. It seems like h he double hockey sticks. I don't know if I would've did, if I would've put my family in that position. You Could say hell, but yeah, Emini here. Think about it. Eight years of, of constantly being on call, not having the time to spend with your family, your kids, your wife. Yes, Absolutely. I don would hate y'all. Why? Hi. Why Would, don't ever say you hate because that is a, a strong word. Don't have a company like That. You got it? What's, okay, let's take a minute.


This is Called imagine having charlem field. Imagine, imagine having to dig yourself out of a hole because you decided to be president of the United States of America. But decide because you decided to be the greatest public servant right? In the country. But you still got Kids, family and kids though. Kids, Your kids Dad, you don't understand that sacrifice. That's crazy. I'm not saying that. I don't And nor does Michelle Obama not understand the sacrifice. Obviously she does, but she's still wife behind the doors of the White House. Yes. And You still have a family. You still have a Absolutely. But she knows what comes with that. You don't know. Well the first she didn't know. Yeah, you Don't know until you get any, The first term they had no idea. He but after the fact This yo Does that need to be said, What wouldn it be wouldn need to Be said.


I gotta dig myself out a deficit. Yes, I was president for eight years, But people have need to, you Have a wife. You never had to dig yourself out of a deficit. I Wasn't president. But still in your life right now that you have Of the United States of America, Bro, you miss if you miss any of your kids and wife think they are upset. Now imagine being president and missing it for eight years. Imagine You being president. You think you'll be able to go all these damn dance conventions you Envy. No. Right? I don't understand where your anger is placed right now. What's the issue? It's not anger, it's just, just silly. It's Dramatic. And it's like what? He's president, his wife, he was pissed. Pissed off. He wasn't just, he wasn't a dj. Like he wasn't a radio personality, he wasn't a comedian, he was president.


Bad Ways. I thought you was gonna be Watching in Delaware. My Child ain't nobody wear because ain't nothing in deficit. But that He was a president. Come on. But continue. Okay, my next story, let see if you have engrafted this, but That was it. Oh Obama. What else would you like me to talk about? Well, Let me Just say, because I was gonna get Into, go Ahead. Michelle Obama been aging back where she have been looking younger and more period like glowy or whatever. So she definitely happy to have her, her husband back And she got her podcast now. And she sits down and she talks about a lot of this stuff. I was gonna go into other outlets talking about all the times we haven't seen them together publicly. And he's coming out and saying he's been doing things to make her happy and spending more time with her. People are hinting at the fact that there may be some issues. But I was gonna leave that alone because you said in a messy And I always focus on a negative.


But since you wanna go there, That was messy. That is messy Negative. Okay. You have anything else? No, but that is messy and Negative. Okay. Well I was gonna leave it alone. Girls, girls, Girls. Because the reality is they should be spending more time together now 'cause he's not president. But that's, that's that's what her story is, is about. Can you Tell Charlemagne that? I just said That? Yes, that's what she's saying she about, but they're, they're not Don't worry. But don't let me stop you from doing your stories. No, no, no. You're not stopping me. But I just need a translator because I don't know what's happening on that side of the room. He gets On. So what you trying to say there? Just troubling paradise. I Is that a are you breaking something? I have no idea. But according to a few outlets, And I do think that one of 'em was unfair to A few. Alistair is trouble in Paradise.


Whatcha alluding to Just say what you wanna say. Stop being you voting to I'm I think that it's an unfair observation because some of the things, some of the places that they pointed out that they were not together at tell us. Michelle Obama had came out and publicly said that she wasn't going because she didn't wanna be, she didn't, wasn't in support of certain things. So like Jimmy Carter Funeral? Yes. So the, according to TMC, they say a march alone. We saw Barack at the Los Angeles Clippers game. Oh, he was at the game. She wasn't there. Ooh, She wasn't there. Out to dinner in LA without Michelle and Jimmy Carter's funeral. Not The funeral Or Donald Trump's inauguration. And I said that that was an unfair observation because she said she wasn't going to Donald Trump's inauguration. 'cause she didn't, She might not be a basketball fan. And him and his homie wanted to go. She Could also not like basketball.


Maybe she wasn't hungry when Obama went to dinner, But she doing what she wanna do. And that's, these are things that she didn't wanna do. Exactly. So it's like I said, I'm not going and I'm not So, or maybe there together all the time. But we only see certain public appearances that happens because we do judge people's whole life based off just a few things that we see on social media. Absolutely. He's my whole life. He's former. We do though. Yeah, we do. I do. All right. It's hard not to win here, Obama. I only get to see but five seconds. But common sense should tell you that day they have a whole life. Oh my gosh, Lori. Of course they have a whole life. Char, I Told you, day of Tuesday or Wednesday or Thursday or Friday, Saturday. Sunday. Three, four hours in each of those days. And I didn't plan on going down their calendar alerts until you, you took it There. Yo, I see Lauren this weekend and she goes, oh my gosh, you're a real dad.


I'm like, Hey yo. Like, I like you making up the kids That, that Envy is so different. He's like so much more laid back, so chill. Like Jackson was like jumping up and down at the soccer game. Envy just like sitting there, like barely talking. And I'm like, oh my God, look at you. I've never seen you not talk. I don't know anything about Soka. That that would be it too. It was very didn't all sides go? I have no idea. He was so calm. It was like whatever Jackson wanted to do, that's what they were doing. I was like, look at you being a dad. Oh my goodness. Charlamagne your peach kabb here. Theres gonna leave people alone. Like I'm, I'm really like seriously? No, I'm not Leave alone. I'll leave alone. When you leave alone, when you stop doing jam, when you stop people, I'll stop climbing people too. How about that? Would you like Me to translate anything Over there? You got it Because I Don Dunno.


Okay. You right. Today, Monday that is the latest with Laura. Yesterday is Monday. Charlamagne, who are you giving your donkey to? Yesterday was Monday. I said Today Is Monday. Today is Monday. I said Charlamagne. Yes. The too Yes. Steve Mino needs to come to the front of the congregation. We would like to have a word with him. Mm. He's from Florida. All Right, we'll get to that Next. It's The Breakfast Club. Good morning, you are checking out The Breakfast Club. Crazy People in America. I really got it's time for Donkey of the Day. We in the Bronx, the Craziest people in America come from the Bronx and all the four. He laughed.


Why does the Sunshine State consistently produce such strange views? If I catch all as we traffic a wizard mag. It is just one of the many wacky news stories out of Florida on The Breakfast Club, man. Yeah, it's donkey today for Monday, April 7th goes to Steve Ano. Now Steve is from Florida. What does your uncle Sharla always say about the great state of Florida? Say it with me. The craziest people in America come from the Bronx in all of Florida. Okay. There was a brother named James who called up here from Florida this morning. SLU James dropping a C bomb for James. Happy born day brother. He caught up here this morning and told me to stop calling Florida crazy.


Why you want me to stop calling Florida what they are? I don't wake up in the morning looking for ways to call Florida crazy. It happens on its own. For example, I woke up this morning And I saw a headline and the headline Read, man Arrested for Battery of Lemonade. Stan Worker who denied him free refill. I had to read it twice because I saw lemonade and free refill and my mind automatically went to Chick-fil-A. I don't know why. I just thought to myself, why wouldn't Chick-fil-A give him a free refill? But then I read it again and it said, man arrested for battery of lemonade. Stand worker who denied free refill a lemonade stand. You mean like a young little girl? A boy sitting there with homemade lemonade selling it for a nickel.


Probably $5 in this economy. But why would you expect a free refill at a lemonade stand? Let's go to the New York Daily News for the report please. A transient man was arrested for getting physical with a worker at a kid's lemonade stand in Florida when he was denied a free refill. Police in Clearwater claim. Steven Ano came across the juice stand being operated by children and the victim in a residential area around 7:30 PM Tuesday and purchased one beverage. He then became angry when he was not allowed to refill his cup. Ano 45 is accused of then grabbing the victim's wrist while standing in a fighting stance and threatening to beat her up before fleeing on foot. Cop said the suspect admitted to the confrontation.


I had to look up what transient man meant for a second. Yeah, explain it please. A person who is staying or working in a place for only a short time just wanted to make sure it's donkey the dick of went somewhere else. All right. I was confused. I thought you was going that way. All right. Okay. Steve really thought the lemonade stand had a rewards program. Okay, imagine arguing over free refills with a young girl. It was a young girl. She's out here being an entrepreneur trying to raise some money for a Barbie dream house. And Steve wants unlimited refills on lemonade like he's at Olive Garden. Okay, I want Steve to get beat up. We complicating this life thing. Okay? No need to waste taxpayer dollar sending him to jail. Steve is 45. Let him square up with somebody who can kick his ass because this is nothing but bullying. First of all, the lemonade stand worker he was upset with is a woman.


Like I just said, a young girl. And it it, it says the age of the female victim isn't noted in the report. But if it's a lemonade stand, I'm gonna just assume the little girl is young. Steve, you a 45-year-old grown man, get your hands off that girl and squabble up with somebody your own size. Okay? What's crazy is we live in a world where Steve might get with some other people who didn't get a free refill and file a class action lawsuit on behalf of 45-year-old losers everywhere. And this is why I really don't like this story. This young girl was probably just hustling to get a new bike, a Roblox upgrade, maybe save up a couple of dollars to go see the new Minecraft movie. Great film by the way. And here comes Steve 45 years old, upset he couldn't get bottomless Lemonade.


Lemonade for 50 cents. This isn't Applebee's, Steve. You mad because life gave you lemons and this young girl is selling you what you should have turned those lemons into. You grabbed this young lady by the wrist. So says the report because you wanted a free refill on a cup of juice sold to you by someone who probably can't even spell refill yet. You probably wanted to leave this little girl a one star Yelp review, okay? No free refills, wouldn't recommend what's next. You gonna go to a bake sale and raise hell because they didn't have no gluten-free brownies. Steve, this isn't Golden Corral. You are not at Red Lobster. This ain't bottomless pink lemonade. This is sidewalk economics. You gave her 50 cents, she gave you six ounces of diabetes transaction over what was the Joe Gale King quoted from Mateo Lane again, don't you because that's all I Don do.


Keep thinking about. Don't this moment. Can I say it? No, no, no, no, no, no, no. Please, please get Steven Ano the biggest. He haw. Oh, This one over here. Can I say it? Oh My goodness. Hey yo. Alright. He grabbed the damn hand. He grabbed shorty Hand. Know what I'm saying? Over not getting a free refill of lemonade. Yeah. Some people just need to get beat up. Alright, Well thank you. Thank you for that donkey today. Now let's open up the phone lines (800) 585-1051. Do we have audio of Jess? Hilarious talking about how she met her fiance? No. Oh, he, he said it's coming in.


So the question is 805 8 5 1 0 5 1. Both Jess, Hilarious and our producer Taylor, they said that they made the first move when it came to talking to their men. Period. Oh shit. What'd you say? Ola, Period. No, I didn't. 'cause I didn't know he was Spanish yet. Oh, Okay. So you shot to, So the question is 805 8 5 1 0 5 1. Ladies, do you have an issue with shooting your shot at someone you are into or you are you old fashioned? Be like, I'm not shooting my shot if you ain't hollering at me first we have the audio. Let's play the audio. I met him February 23rd, 2023. I was just finishing up a co-hosting day at Breakfast Club. Okay, this is a year before I got the position. And I met him and he, he's a truck driver, so he was on a stop And I went into a restaurant and I'm, I'm flirting with him and everything and he wasn't really paying me no mind.


So I'm like, did he Know who you were? Yeah, he did. But he thought that like, he was like, I don't wanna be a part of no roast battle. Like I don't even, that's the thing. People are intimidated. Guys are intimidated Yeah. By me. 'cause they feel like I, you know, you would try to clown him. That's right. And so he just was like, oh God, this girl, nah. So I'm drinking and everything and then we, we talk And I, I'm still picking with him. I made him laugh and then that's when I, that's when he cracked and then he started engaging more And I didn't realize how drunk I was until I got up and went to the bathroom. I was like, damn, I'm drunk. I gotta get outta here. So on my way back to the seat, he was like, Hey, I, before I leave, I wanted to know if I could take you out. Would you let me take you out? And I was like, oh, now you want to know.


And I'm all Drunk And I Period. I love it. So the question now you got baby 5 1, 5 1. That's right. Yes, yes, yes. What Taylor at? I want Taylor to tell her story. Let's make all the single ladies up here feel bad this morning. Taylor, you come tell your story after the break. No, I idea Taylor time she come now we got about 60 seconds when she come in fast, she pregnant. Oh, she better run. She alright. Come on. She better run. Taylor, come here outta breath talking about, there she goes. She. So if you're just joining us, we're asking ladies, do you have an issue with shooting your shot at someone you're into? Taylor, you did the same, you shot your shot. Yeah, I did. Okay. But we were at my friend's like little function Emini here.


Okay. She said yes, She's Six months prior. Yes. But me and him were like looking at each other. And then I just went up to him And I was like, so what's up? How are you? I outside And he started talking. I think I asked him like a random question. Like, oh, I asked him. All right, so a zombie breakout. But what are we Doing Classic. A zombie breakout. What do then we started talking About, it was just a fun conversation in an icebreaker. And You was high, I'm sure. Absolutely. If you ask about a zombie breakout, you definitely was like, come on now, be very Clear. I say this when I'm sober. So then after that we talked for like four hours near the waterfront. No one knows Dumbo Brooklyn.


Yeah. Look at you now. He got a yo. You know it's real love. When you ask about a zombie breakout, he don't run the other way and he's into it. He funny. That's love. I called Joe Clown, but I love it. I love that. Taylor out here shooting shots, scoring. Okay, meanwhile, y'all out here sitting back in the cut being patient. Okay praying. Lauren's the waiting. She ain't shoot her shot. She still but 800 types of blessings. 1 0 5 1. Ladies, do you have an issue with shooting your shot? Let's discuss. Is The Breakfast Club Good morning, The Breakfast Club. Daddy calling my phone. Calling my phone, man.


It's topic time. Call


805. The World is constantly changing if it's up to you to decide how to respond. Choose to be bold to try something new. Choose to reinvent yourself. That's what Nissan did with the all new totally reimagined kicks. The dynamic new exterior styling immediately announces that Nissan isn't messing around the interior. A completely redesigned cabin with premium features like wireless Apple called Play and a panoramic moon Roof make driving a kicks immersive and exciting. And with new performance and safety features, like Intelligent All-Wheel Drive, the kicks is both fun and safer to drive than ever before. It is the dawning of a brand new era for the Nissan Kicks. Only one question remains. Is it a new error for you as well? Drive the all new Reimagined Nissan Kicks today. Available features compatible device service and consumer activation of Nissan Connect Services. Package required use only when safe and legal subject to third party service availability. For more information, see Nissan usa.com/connect/legal. Apple CarPlay is a trademark of Apple Link. Intelligent all wheel drive cannot prevent collisions or provide enhanced traction in all conditions. Always monitor traffic and weather conditions


Before we get back to it. I wanna take a second for our sponsor. Stand up to all the hate now. You know, we joke, we debate, we even push buttons sometimes, but spreading the hate, that's never the right move. There's a difference between keeping it real and just being reckless. Let's do better respect each other and leave the hate out of it. There's no reason to hate even in my household. I have six kids And I don't let my children use the word hate. There's no reason to hate on anybody. It's always better to uplift, empower, and make sure that we support. So join us at The Breakfast Club and standing up to all hate. If you see someone getting hate, speak up and call it out. Your voice is one of the most powerful tools there is in this fight. And you can learn more by following at what's up with Hate or show your support by posting the Blue square emoji and using the hashtag Staying Up To All Hate On Instagram and TikTok,


check Out Pluto TV's The Black Collective, a free and curated collection of black entertainment, including movies, shows and music, all featuring black talent, both on camera and behind the scenes. Watch classic movies like Boomerang Norman and paid in full binge series. Like Tyler Perry's Sisters in Power and Scream, the latest RB and hip hop music videos all for free on practically any device that's tons of your favorite entertainment that you can watch on your tv, tablet, or phone. All for free.


The Black Collective on Pluto tv. Scream Now Pay


Neville. Top reasons your career wants you to move to Ohio. So many amazing growth opportunities, high paying jobs and technology, advanced manufacturing, engineering, life sciences and more. You'll soar to new heights just like the Wright Brothers, John Glenn, even Neil Armstrong. Their careers all took off in Ohio and yours can too. A job that can take you further and a place you can't wait to come home to have it all in the heart of it all. Launch your search@callohiohome.com


Five one oh five one to join into the discussion with The Breakfast Club. Morning everybody. It's DJ Envy. Jess, Hilarious Charlamagne, the guy. We are The Breakfast Club. If you're just joining us, we'll open up the phone lines (800) 585-1051. Jess Hilarious said. And our female producer Taylor, we were talking about how she met their men and they both said that they made the first move. So we're asking 805 8 5 1 0 5 1. Ladies, do you have an issue with shooting your shot at someone you're into now? We have a bunch of people on the line. Hello, who's this? Hi, I'm Tiara from Broward County. Hey Tiara. Good Morning. Hi Charla. Hi everybody. Hi, BJ Envy.


Hi, Jess. Hilarious. Hi girl. How are you? Good. Now, do you have a problem with shooting your shot? Oh, of course not. I always shoot my shot. Like, I think it builds up confidence. I've always, you know, any guy that I find attractive, you know, I definitely don't have a problem with shooting my shot, but I've learned over the years with shooting my shot, it doesn't be as successful in a dating realm as I want it to be. But yeah, I have no problem with shooting my shot. Now the obvious question is, what do you look like, man? Oh, stop it because it don't sound like your feel good percentage is too high, first of all. Well, I am five seven, I'm light skinned. I have my own hair.


I am a teacher. You know, I I'm Much, I have to, I have to note that you said your height without your weight. Usually the weight follows the height, ma'am. Oh, I'm, I'm, I'm, I'm 180, so I'm kind of sick. Okay. 5 7 180 5 7 180. That's not bad. It's medium. Yes, she medium. Yeah, I'm 180 5 and I'm six foot. Oh Yeah. So we about to say height, About five inches old. But you are But you're currently single right now though? Yes, currently single and currently dating. You know, I'm just out here trying to have fun. How old are you? I just turned 35 on the 31st of March. Okay. You got some time to keep shooting. Well, Good luck, mama. Yes, I am. I am very hopeful.


I am a, a hopeless romantic, so, but Just know everybody, not LeBron. So you, I don't know how how good you're gonna be performing at Point. I don know LeBron. I don't need no LeBron. Long as he's trustworthy, he's No, No, no, no. I know you ain't gonna find no LeBron. What I said was everybody ain't LeBron, so you know, you 35, everybody ain't gonna be scoring high at 40 is all I'm saying. Well, you're right about that. That's why they got online dating. Yes ma'am. Good luck Mama. Thank you for calling Jesus Christ. Hello, Who's This Tia from? Queens. Hey Tia from Queens. What part of Queens? Laurelton. Laurelton. All right. North side. So we're asking, you said you don't like to shoot your shop? No, I'm too afraid. You, you don't sound like you got the confidence to shoot your shot. Mm Emini here.


You know, in all actuality I've done it, especially when I'm on the patrol. Like I'll approach someone when I'm sober is like, it's so scary to me. Like the thought of being rejected and then I, I never wanna talk to someone and they're like, oh, I can spoke to you because, you know, I was just being nice. Damn Me. Now Charlemagne, you could ask the same question you asked the lady before. I can kind of hear it. Listen you from, listen you from Queens. Yes. And I'm getting over a cold, so Oh, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay. Okay. Clown, I'm sorry I didn't have A voice yesterday. I didn't even Have a voice because, because I did think to myself like, you know, most women that feel like they're beautiful and I'm not saying you're not.


I'm just saying most women that feel like they're beautiful Yeah. Have no problem shooting. They shot. They, they don't ever feel like they're gonna get rejected. So I wonder what's making you feel like you're gonna get rejected? Emini here? I won't get rejected because in the past when I've approached people, they, they're always up to it. I just, you just A little gunshot. I don know. Just a little gunshot. Yeah, it could be The type of guy. Oh, alright. Nevermind. I was gonna say it could be the type of guys that you are shooting your shot at. Like, you might gotta change your type. Yeah. So you know what, in the past I shot my shot at a guy and then I felt like he turned out to be totally crazy And I was like, I'm never doing that again. Like, I was like, I get it Now.


So you traumatized. Yeah. Alright, thank you Tasia. Aya. Thank you Tia. Bye Tia. I'm sorry Tia. Have a good one. It's okay. You too. Bye. 805. 8 5 1 0 5 1. If you're just joining us we'll open up the phone lines. Jess. Hilarious. Of course. And our female producer Taylor said that they made the first move when it came to today, guys. So we're asking ladies, do you have an issue with shooting your shot at someone? Call us up right now. It's The Breakfast Club. Good morning. If y'all talking about it, you know, we talking about it, it's topic times. Call 805 8 5 1 0 5 1 to join into the discussion with The Breakfast Club.


Morning everybody. It's DJ Envy, Jess, Hilarious. Charlamagne the guy. We are The Breakfast Club. If you're just joining us, we open up the phone lines (800) 585-1051. Now Jess and Taylor, who's our producer, we talk, they talk about they made the first move when it came to their guys. So we're asking ladies, do you shoot your shot? Do you have a problem with shooting your shot? Hello, who's this? Good morning, it's Maya. Hey Maya. Good morning. Hi. I shot my shot with my husband by commenting on a picture of him on Facebook And Here we are married 10 years and six kids later. I love it. Hey, I love that. Yes.


Well thank you mama. It's not easy, but yeah, we here now. Now hold up. Did you propose or did you just shoot your shot and you got with him? Oh Hell no. There we go. Nobody proposing to no man. Yeah, 'cause I'm with you. You, I shoot my shot to get with you, but I'm not proposing to you. Yes, Got you. That ain't cute. No, it Ain't cute. Thank you Mama. Where did that even mentality come from that women can't approach men? Like what would That I have no idea. I don't know why. I don't know who the hell made that up. I've always been the type, if I see something I'm gonna go get it and, and what's the worst that can happen? God, Just say no, that's it. I might not be as tight, but I'm gonna take that chance. And I guarantee you most men are more afraid to approach women course than women are to approach. Yes men. Trust me. Men are just as scared of rejection.


Yeah. Hello. Who's this? Hey, good morning y'all. This is Suge. How you guys doing this morning? Hey Suge. Hey Suge. Oh yeah, you shoot shit shot, don't Shook. Shoot, touch shot. So listen y'all, I feel like this, I'm gonna flirt and I'm gonna let him, whatever. It's that piqued my interest from the start. I'm gonna give him a compliment on that. But if he's not picking up what I'm putting down, I'm moving on. I got you. I feel you. I Feel you. So you're not scared to shoot your shot, but that's still Shooting your shot, flirting shit, shooting your shot. It's still shooting. Not necessarily. So because I'm a very reserved person, I'm not gonna say too much. I kind of leave it up to the guy because I feel like they should be the leader, you know what I'm saying? But again, like if he's smelling good, looking good, something that's gonna really pull my eye, I'm gonna slide by him.


I'm like, you smell real good. You know, something that's complimentary to get his attention. But again, nobody wants to be rejected. So if he might just be in a place, he's just chilling and don't wanna be bothered. So I, I'm a discernment person. If I pick up on that, I got a slide, Well shoot, Chris ain't wanna be bothering And I kept bothering him and then look. Yeah. All right. Hmm. You sure he wasn't playing hard to get though? He probably could have been, but I, by that time I was so drunk. I I, I gave up and when I gave up and came back, then that's when he was like, I wanna take you out. I'm like, yeah, I bet you do. Yeah. You stopped paying him some attention. That's Yeah. Yeah, just a little bit. I was going hard. That's, it's it. Yeah. Okay. He, he didn't let me leave that restaurant until he got this number. Smart man. Now question why Court shook.


We talking with you guys this morning? I wish you guys the longevity that God send. Y'all have a blessed day. Wait, wait, why? Court Shook you very much. Thank you. We received that because I'm Sweet Because you, I'm like a side kid but in reverse. I'm sweet first and then I get sour if I need to. Oh. Oh Suge, Why you trying? You think she big? He he trying to play you like you Suge Knight or somebody? Y'all was thinking the same thing. No we weren't. Hell yes. Y'all was. I ain't gonna lie. No, I know a stud name. Suge. That's why I was like, ah, yeah, she got a big Yeah. No, no. Hello. Who's this? Good morning, this is Tia. Hey Tia. Good morning. Hey Tia. So I don't think there's anything wrong with someone shooting their shot. Not a woman.


Now why not go for it. I wouldn't be married right now if I had not done that. So my story basically is I was married previously and Cam, my current husband was a friend of mine. Well he became a friend through a mutual friend and he used to try to talk to me every now and again, you know, we had an attraction but obviously nothing really happened because I was already married. However, I did separate from my husband And I went to a birthday party and my friend said, oh, he was supposed to be here. And I said, well why didn't he come? And she said, I don't know.


So I got his number from her while we were at the party. And I called him And I said, how come you didn't come to this fight party? He said, I didn't know you were going to be there. I said, well I'm here. What's up? Pull up. And he came and he was all the way out on Long Island and we were in the Bronx and it was like two o'clock in the morning he came, pulled up, took us out to breakfast and the rest is history. And we're married now. We've been married for three years And I couldn't ask for a better spout. I love this man theory. Yeah. And this is a great example of closed mouth, don't get fed. That's right. There you go. Well thank you Tia. Thank you. You guys have a great day. You too, Too.


Now, now what's the moral of the story? You miss a hundred percent of the shots you don't take. Yep. There you go. And I don't wanna hear nothing from none of you single girls UK. 'cause you ain't got no man. All right. You ain't engaged. I'm gonna talk to the people who have done it and prospered like just hilarious. Like Taylor. Okay, the Bible says Faith without works is dead. You out here being patient and praying, trying to look all cute, waiting for a man to approach you. God says you need to make moves. Patient praying and prideful. 'cause a lot of women ego, they, they don't like that. They don't wanna shoot they shot 'cause they like No, I wish I would. I wish I'm not ready to do that. Uhuh, it's a man's job to shoot the shot. Nah, not all the time. That's why we got the WNBA too. And that's right. And and sometimes, man, if we being honest, you sitting back and it be the most cosmetically challenged looking girl waiting for somebody to talk to him.


Yes girl, you better pick up a basketball. Learned the rebound. So, alright. The game ain't coming to you. You going have to take it to them. Oh my goodness. All right. Damn. We got the Latest with Lauren coming up. Yeah. So Will Smith is saying people didn't wanna work with him at all after the Oscar slap. We gonna get into how he felt about that. All Right, well don't move. It's The Breakfast Club. Good morning. The Breakfast Club.


Hey, I wanna tell y'all, go get your tickets for the third annual Black Effect Podcast Festival happening Saturday, April 26th in Atlanta, Georgia. Okay, we got taking Jay Valentine on that podcast stage. Sarah Jakes Roberts will be there during the Woman of Evolve podcast. So go to black effect.com/podcast festival to get you tickets now.


All right, well let's get to the latest with Lauren. Come on Lauren. Becoming a straight face. She gets them from somebody that knows somebody. Some, she gets into Details. I'm the home girl that knows a little bit about everything. She be having the latest on this, The latest with Lauren La. Sometimes you have Facts, sometimes you have details, sometimes you have a little bit of everything. What, what's the latest On The Breakfast Club? Talk, talk to me. Well, Smith sat down with Drink Champs. Okay. And yeah, he's on Drink Champs. And you know, he got the album that he dropped and he talked about his time just trying to get people on the album as features after the Oscar slap and just how people dealt with 'em. Let's take a listen. Yeah, no, there, there were, there were a couple people who weren't sure about working with me.


They was like, eh, we'll wait for the second round Will actually, that that was new for me too. That was real humbling. Oh, I'm used, I was used to when, when Big Willie called, it was, you know, but were they being be honest to you about it? No, no, no. People weren't being honest. Okay. Okay. You No, they weren't being honest. But I knew, I knew that's what it was. I, I need to know who these people are. I'm sure it wasn't no rappers. He saying he was Scared and they, they they was scared in he was gonna slap one of 'em. No Crazy think they just didn't wanna work with him because at the time everybody was like, oh he slapped like it was like such a thing. But I wonder If it was 'cause of the slap or was it that you know Will hasn't been relevant musically in a long time. Right, Right. But Will Smith is Will Smith.


That's funny as hell. I don't want to tell him that. I don't want to get on his record 'cause he ain't relevant music. But I think it was the slap. But you was just with somebody who shot somebody. True facts. Y'all think they Nick Cannon on. Damn. You said what? What people don't be people be trying to Play. No, don't say what you just Said. I said y'all think that they Nick Cannon to him. Damn. You better not compare Nick Canon to Will Smith musically. Are you crazy? Your mind? She's asking me talk. I get what you're saying. What's wrong with you? What I'm saying is that people always try to make Nick Canon's music a joke. And y'all just said what it is though. You are so mean. And y'all just said that Will Smith, were people not trying to work with him because of the Oscar slap or because he wasn't relevant musically.


So I'm saying that they basically weren't taking him seriously musically. Right. Yeah you can't. But to Envy's point, you shouldn't compare Will Smith and Nut like Will Smith got a lot of slaps. He sold 75 records worldwide. Like Will Smith got with You. The way that the Uncle Bri Brigade records has been coming through in here these last couple days. Y'all know what I meant? No We don't. We just heard you say Nick Cannon was whacking. I didn't feel like he deserved that either. He did not say Will has four Grammys, you better leave Will alone. I don't know why you shooting it. All these people this morning, but damn You done? Are you Finished? I'm finished. All I don I just don't understand how you compared the two. Name two. I weren't comparing mcc Join Who? Only. Damn. And What What you say Gigga and else.


Gigga. You said Gigolo. You said that twice. What's the other one? Wow, Lynn. Wow. That you, that's the hottest song. That's one. But Will Smith also talks about, I, I don't know if this answers the question. It probably doesn't. But he was saying that like he also took some time away because he didn't wanna hear what people had to say and then he came back and he was having to interact with these people who had issues and he didn't even know let's take a listen to him on the Charlie Mack story. I didn't look at anything that anybody said. I literally shut it down. I was like, I don't want to know nothing that nobody said. I might have had five months where I didn't even look at, you know, Instagram or nothing like that.


Like people that went hard. Right. But I literally don't know. And me, me and Charlie was out the other night. Charlie Mack, me and Charlie. Yeah and Charlie, somebody, somebody walked in that had had gone hard And I was like, Hey Charlie, like, nope, nope, nope, nope, nope, nope. Don't say that No was like, nope, not that one. What? What we Listening for The Latest. You all right? Yeah. Okay. 'cause the UN Brigade been coming in. But yeah, so basically Will Smith had to take some time away when he came back, things was weird. Yeah. I don't remember him taking no time away. That's what I was thinking about. It took a couple of months away. I feel like he Did, he popped, took couple months off From Music. Just in general.


I feel like I always saw him on social media. Yeah. Now he was quiet for a while and he popped up in like Bali at one of those places. Yep. I don't Remember that. And then he went to the, the Fresh Prince of Bel Air on Peacock Premiere. But like I think he like remember it was like he, either he did or he didn't wanna walk the red carpet 'cause he didn't wanna take away the show. It was something like that where he didn't ghost. It was one of those things where like around that time he was trying to take some time off. I feel like Will gotta say some names though. You gotta tell me the people that didn't wanna be on the album tell me who walked in the the party. 'cause I don't. But I'm sure it's a bunch of people talking this. And then when you see him it's years later like, Hey what's up Will nah, you was the same guy that said this. Right? That's what this industry's about. Did we say something? 'cause Will ain't pop up for for album. Do we say something about Will? I can't remember. Nah, I don't. I've talked to, talked To Will several times. Times Had Come Here.


I think he should come here to promote the album. For sure. Album gonna be lit though. It's already out. It's it's out. And I Louis Lit. Yeah. Y'all y'all y'all album gonna Be lit. It's out. It's out. He goes speak to you. Now the restaurant he's Speaking to you now. Beat Simone is actually on the album. Yes. Yeah I seen on her page that she okay, that's what she doing. She, I haven't heard it. Oh, why? That's What's, that's what's up. Well we know beat and dumb music. He Suck us up. He tried to make it seem like he said you know Beat on album. Yeah. Clam. I don dunno. I heard it this Stupid. I did wanna mention before we got out here, 'cause I said last hour that we were gonna be watching CBS mornings to see if Gayle King address any of the Stuff you did. Gail dirty too. She, First of all, she said nothing.


She has said nothing so far. The program is on until nine. So it ends in a few literally momentarily. For people that Don't know said people. What happened? Let's go back to the first time. So for people who don't know, Gale King sat down in an interview with Mateo Lane Comedian, a comedian, openly gay Comedian, openly gay comedian. And in the interview she quoted one of his jokes and she used the F-bomb when she quoted it with the tree at the end. But she used the F-bomb. So people really upset about it. Now the comedian laughed. He carried on business as usual. But people were upset. But she didn't just quote, she quote and she asked a question. She said, what does this mean? She asked the comedian that said the joke, what the joke Meant. But she quoted the joke with the word and that's what people were upset about. She didn't Just say the word just open blatantly like blah.


The audio that we played in here, just in case you didn't Remember like don't use that word if you ain't About me, I Just say one joke, I hope I don't get in trouble. Riff away with it. You do a riff about white women. Yes. Approached you and they said something about cooking and you said, what in the tree are you talking? I thought that was hilarious. What does that On you king? Y'all. Y'all stumped on it. Y'all stumped on the part where she says what does that mean? Because that was in our audio, but What that mean? But you know what, Taylor, can we get a drop? I want like, you know how me and MBB having our little interactions that people think is gay, like Justin, they're gay like me and Envy can have an interaction And then I want you having Gail asking the question, Just say what type of is this? And then The Breakfast Club know how. That's crazy.


I don't want You don't think so? We can get that off. Even with the bleep. With the bleep. We can get that Off. Yeah, with the bleep you just Gotta have the tree in the Tree In it. And that's the type of fair East side high-ish. I'm talking about Like why would we do This? Dale King gonna go live. Y'all keep using that. What? Yes. Yo. Why? I do wanna mention Yo King is scheduled to go to space on Blue Origin's 11th human flight on Monday, April 14th at nine 30 Eastern Standard time. And It's all women. Yep. Gale, king, KA Perry, Lawrence Sanchez, Aja Bao, Amanda Nu and I'm sorry, What type of scissor trees? It's all women. No. Oh My god. I do have a question.


Are they going to space Space or are they just, you know that because they one? No, I'm gonna ask you a question because there's one trip where they just go around and they come right back and there's another one where they actually land on the moon. Are they shooting to the moon? They not going To the moon. It's not a moon landing. Oh. So they just going, they just going high. They going, there's a difference then they come right? There's a difference. Yes It is. The flight duration will last around 11 minutes and reach the height of 65 miles above Earth. Oh You Are hating. There's been a lot of people that did that. She's Literally just going up and coming right back down. But doesn't ma, she's going okay, Nah this When she get that selfie with Earth behind her, why y'all hating on Gail so much this morning? I want, I wanna be clear what it is y'all, You And I'm in feet.


I'm not. I'm riding with her. Yo you are. It's really some scis that you're going. Matter of fact, now we real bring Gale question back if you going, if you, oh God, no question. I do wanna add, I wanna mention If you going, I got a question. Okay. Yo, come on. Before we wrap, I wanna mention, I wanna do a Wendy Williams update here. An exclusive update on everything that's been happening about whether she took this test, didn't take the test, and what that means in relation to the a e lawsuit and everything. But I don't have time. So if you guys listen to the latest with Lauren Lada podcast tomorrow morning. Good plug. Lauren Tuesday, April 8th. I will have that exclusive there. I have a conversation scheduled in a little bit where I'll have some details and we'll get to that on a podcast and then bring it back here in the room potentially.


So take it. Happy birthday. Jackie Chan. I didn't get this because it's his birthday. This, I was like, did we, what segue was that? We just, we Have to, Hey Jackie Chan. Happy birthdays Our Asian B yo. We gotta see Happy Birthday. All right. That's the latest one. Morning Charles The Breakfast Club. Good morning, I'm out. You are checking out The Breakfast Club Morning everybody. It's DJ Envy. Jess. Hilarious. Charlamagne the guy. We are The Breakfast Club. We got a salute to Ryan Coogler for joining us this morning. Man. Salute to the Good Brother Ryan Coogler. Make sure you get ready to watch Sins. It comes out on April 18th. Yes, that's right. You know, but him and Michael B. Jordan, I'm making the rounds right now promoting it. So Salute and Ryan man. Always a great conversation.


I love what he talked about when he talked about Denzel Washington paying off Chadwick Bozeman's tuition to Oxford. Yeah, Oxford. Yeah. On the low Too. On the low. Didn't say anything about it, just did it. Yeah, that's right. Alright, well when we come back, we got the positive notice, The Breakfast Club. Good morning. Morning everybody. It's DJ Envy. Jess. Hilarious. Charlamagne the guy. We are The Breakfast Club now Jess, you in Orlando this Weekend? I'm in Orlando, Florida this weekend, y'all. I'm at the Funny Bone. Me and my brother Desi Alexander, we got shows at the Funny Bone Comedy Club. Get your tickets now. We got two shows Friday, two shows Saturday. And I am doing meet and greet every show, Emini here every night. The Late show. So the nine 30 show on Friday and the nine 30 show on Saturday. I will be doing meet and greets.


Love y'all. Orlando. Can't wait to get there and see Y'all. The studs about to buy all the late night tickets to get that. They be the main ones. They be the main ones. And I charge like set meet and greet, be separate. They don't care. They be like trying to get in the front of the line. They be paying like a hundred dollars, one 50. I stud pay one 50 so her and her wife can get to the front of the line. That's, that's not including what they gotta pay to take a picture with me. So, Jesus. Yeah. Crazy. They my girls though. Two all studs in Orlando. That's right. You got a positive note. I do. I I wanna tell everybody, make sure you go get your tickets for the third annual Black Effect Podcast Festival happening Saturday, April 26th in Atlanta, Georgia. We just a couple of weeks away. Okay. We, a couple of weeks away from you being able to see Tank j Valentine on that stage doing their RB Money podcast live.


Carrie Champion doing the Naked podcast. Sarah Jakes Roberts. She'll be doing the Women of All Podcast live. So go get your tickets, black effect.com/podcast Festival. Okay, now the positive note, simply this, and this actually comes from Oprah, wintry Oprah Winfrey. You know, I, I, I thought about this 'cause we was talking about Gail all morning, but Oprah once said something about gratitude that I love. She said, being grateful all the time isn't easy. But it's when you least feel thankful that you are most in need of what gratitude can give you. Perspective gratitude can transform any situation. It alters your vibration, moving you from negative energy. The positive. So just try, just try today, showing a little gratitude.


Have a great day. Breakfast Club Bitches. Do y'all finish or y'all done.


Life is an act of constant reinvention that's true for you and for cause. Nissan Reimagined the all new kicks around you. The Bowls Personal plus sound system with speakers in the headrest keeps you in the groove while the Nissan Safety Shield 360 Technologies keep you safe. If Nissan reinvented the kicks, you can reinvent yourself. Drive the all new Reimagined Nissan Kicks today. Available features compatible device service and consumer activation of Nissan Connect Services. Package required use only when safe and legal subject to third party service availability For more information, see Nissan usa.com/connect/legal. Apple CarPlay is a trademark of Apple Link. Intelligent all-wheel drive cannot prevent collisions or provide enhanced traction in all conditions. Always monitor traffic and weather conditions.


At t has a new guarantee because most things in life are not guaranteed. In a world where nothing is guaranteed, at t is bringing something new to the table. At t is introducing a guarantee with connectivity, you depend on deals you want and service you deserve or they make it right. Learn more at att.com/guarantee. At t connecting changes everything, terms and conditions apply. Visit att.com/guarantee for details.


Check out Pluto TV's The Black Collective, a free and curated collection of black entertainment, including movies, shows and music, all featuring black talent, both on camera and behind the scenes. Watch classic movies like Boomerang Norman and paid in full binge series. Like Tyler Perry's sisters in Power and Scream, the latest RB and hip hop music videos all for free on practically any device that's tons of your favorite entertainment that you can watch on your tv, tablet, or phone. All for free. The Black Collective on Pluto tv.


Scream. Now pay Neva.


Top reasons data nerds wanna move to Ohio. High paying careers for business researchers, analysts, project managers, and more. So many jobs you can take your pick. What else does the data say? How about a bigger backyard, a shorter commute, and a paycheck that goes further. So crunch the numbers and our world famous pickles. It all adds up the career you want and a life you'll love. Have it all in the heart of it. All. Dive into the data@callohiohome.com.