
State Farm Insurance knows that understanding and investing in our cultural identity is paramount in protecting our future We. know what it's like to go from nothing to something to wish that we had better financial literacy when we were younger. Luckily State Farm is here to help with funding programs like Project Ready, which is committed to education achievement and has already awarded over 11 million in scholarship offers to black and brown youth since 2021. State Farm believes that being better neighbors creates better communities. Like a good neighbor, State Farm is there.


Gear up for outdoor adventures with the 2024 Nissan Pathfinder. This mid-size SUVs designed for Epic Journeys offering spacious seating for eight available panoramic moonroof, and an available intelligent four-wheel drive feature with seven drive modes. To take your off-road experience to new heights, discover the 2024 Nissan Pathfinder at Nissan usa.com. Intelligent all-Wheel Drive cannot prevent collisions or provide enhanced traction in all conditions. Always wanted to. Traffic and weather conditions. Towing capacity varies by configuration. See Nissan Towing Guide and Owner's manual for additional information always take care of cargo.


Are you still keeping your cash in a traditional savings account? If so, you could be earning more, much more@public.com. You can earn 5.1% a PY on your cash. No fees, no minimums public.com lets you access your cash whenever and gives you up to 5 million FDIC coverage. Earn 5.1% a PY on yourCash@public.com. 5.1% A PY is a 5 21 subject to change. All investing involves risk of loss. Brokerage services offered by Public Investing Inc. Member Fin Rent, SIC, not a bank. See public.com/disclosures for more.


Most Deals are barely worth mentioning, but then there's at t's Best deal on the new Samsung Galaxy Z Flip six featuring Flex Scam With Galaxy ai, you can get in on them when you're trading your eligible smartphone any year, any condition. It's a deal. So good, you'll be shouting from the rooftops. So grab a ladder and learn how to get that new phone on At t. At and t connecting Changes everything requires Trading of Galaxy, S node and Z Series Smartphone Limited Time offer 256 gigabytes for $0 additional fees, terms and restrictions applies to att.com/ Samsung. Or visit an at t store for details.


We are here for the history, not the hype to shed light, not fan flames. We are here for the whole story, not just a headline here. To uphold democracy, uncover the facts, and illuminate what matters. Democracy dies in darkness. That's where we come in the Washington Post. Switch on, subscribe today at Washington post.com/iheart.


Well listen to your show every Single day. Breakfast Club The, Breakfast, Club with that. So on The, Breakfast Club. You can't say Breakfast Club without The, Breakfast, Club. You're like this rare air. You got platforms and partners all over the place because your demand is so high. People wanna be in business with the, but I don't think white people Know how popular you guys are. DJ Envy just hilarious. Charlemagne to God. Yo. You guys really are like the hip hop, early morning, late night talk show. Y'all know what Y'all talking about. Good morning.


USC. Yo. Yo, Yo, yo, yo, yo, yo, yo, yo, yo, yo, yo, yo, yo, yo, yo, yo, yo, yo, yo, yo, yo, yo, yo, yo yo, yo yo, yo yo. Just Hilarious. Good morning. Charlemagne. The guy Piece of the planet. Guess what day it is? Guess what day it is? Hump day. Good morning. Good morning. Wednesday. Hump day, middle of the week. How you feeling? How you feeling, Jess? I'm okay. Still big and pregnant. Okay. 10 more days. 10 more days though. Yes. Yep. 10 more days till that little baby pop out and shout. Yeah, man. Then I can pop out again. Stop. You can pop out again, girl. Now you gonna be able to pop out for a While.


First thing first. Okay. Worry about pushing that baby out, delivering a nice, healthy baby onto this planet. No, you right. You right. I just mean like then I'll be myself. No, because then you got a bond with the baby. You'll be home with the baby. Yeah, I guess so. I guess. Yeah. And you a new mother again. Yes. I know. So, so you don't even know what yourself is going to be 'cause you're going to change. You're gonna evolve. Okay. Yes. He said, okay, whatever. Look, let's get this baby out so at least I can get back to something. Alright, well what's up with you Shaah? I am blessed black and holly favor man. What's happening? We here on this fine hump day. Okay. What did we do yesterday? We Missed you yesterday. I didn't miss y'all. Yeah, we Did.


We missed you yesterday. Damn. Damn. Gonna take that back knowing somebody said I love you. They say I love you back. You just wanna take it Back. Nah, I was in LA for the day for work. I had to go to LA for the day. Okay. For Work. That's what's up. Somebody had called up here for you, man. They had a crazy experience at the Bill Ma show. They said you told to go there 'cause that's your man's and he Got thrown out. He was Racial out. Yeah, he got thrown out. He was racially discriminated against him and his family. He was the only black family there. You say he the only one 'cause you told him to. I told him to go to Bill Marshall said that was your homie. Yeah. Why would I tell him to go to Bill Marshall? He ain't say He yo. He said You told Marshall a club. He's not a club. Right. Right. Not telling him go to Bill Marshall. It don't even make No sense. He said Charlemagne said go to the show. He went to the show.


He said he was thrown out and now he wanted a book That don't even make no sense. Why would I tell somebody to go go to the bill, bill Marshall? Everything is right. Except for he said you told him to go. What did he say? What did he say exactly? He just said that him and his family got there and then they were sitting there. It was really, really dark in the room. So you can see if anybody pull their phone out and there's no phone supposed to be out. So this security guard, this lady had walked up to him. She was big. He said everybody was like fat too fat and white. He did say, and he said this lady had came up and was like, sir, we can't have that here. Next time I see your phone, I'm gonna take it. I mean, I'm gonna throw you out. But he was like, I don't even have my phone though. But he already figured out what it was. He was like, You know what? I know what this is. I know what this look like.


We we going, we not gonna do this, this, I'm gonna sit here and watch the show. But I thought he said that he had his phone Out. He didn't have his phone out. He said he did not have his phone out. Yeah, That's what they said to him. They accused him of having his phone out. Oh, Okay. They came back and said, we told you not. Yeah, we told you not to put your phone out and threw him out And threw him out. Him and his family. I don't have anything to do with that, sir. Okay, so he Said that was your guy. He said he wants a book now that, that that's what he wanted around. I Don't understand what I have to do with any of this story. I don't know. But he blamed it on you. I really don't. He Blamed it on you, yo. And he went, now he want a book, yo, in five minutes. He said five minutes. He did say five minutes. He said a book and a hat. He said a hat too. I said I sent him a black of fact hat and a, a new copy of my book. My copy of my book. Get on into that line. Don't want You don't want no hat.


You just said he wanted a hat. Yo ev ev is so fucking he did. Yo, he said he wanted a hat. Said he wanted five minutes and he said he wanted five minutes. Man, I don't know what y'all talking about. Five Minutes was a little kinky. But anyway, let's get the Show crack. Let's start the show. I don't even know what the hell y'all speaking about anymore. We got Front page news coming up. Morgan Wood will be joining us and it's The Breakfast Club. Good morning. Morning everybody. It's Djj Envy. Just hilarious. Charlamagne the guy. We are The Breakfast Club. Let's get in some front page news. Good morning, Morgan. Good morning. Good morning y'all. Happy Wednesday. So yeah, let's get into it. In case you missed it, vice President Kamala Harris was on the campaign trail yesterday where she held a rally in Atlanta, Georgia. Now speaking to the crowd, she said the momentum in the presidential race is shifting and that Trump won't debate her despite him and his running mate.


JD Vance having a lot to say. Let's hear more from VP Harris's rally in Atlanta. Because as the saying goes, if you've got something to say, My face, Donald Trump on the other hand, has been talking a big game about securing our border, but he does not walk the walk as president, I will bring back the border security bill that Donald Trump killed And I will sign it into law and show Donald Trump what real leadership looks like.


Hey, I, I know everybody was You know watching the Megan Thee stallion performance and everything else, but I would encourage people to go watch the full 20 minute speech that Vice President Harris gave in Atlanta yesterday. I thought it was great. For everybody who wants to know You know what her agenda is. She laid it out pretty plain yesterday. Yeah. And yeah, shout out to the hotties for Harris. Megan Thee stallion has banded some Texans hotties for Harris. And yeah, that's the whole thing too. So as you heard in the audio, vice President Harris went on to call Trump, call out Trump on immigration and noted his criminal convictions adding that she's been dealing with people like him for her entire career. Now, according to reports, Harris will campaign in six battleground states next week with her running mate, who she is expected to announce by August 7th.


Now of course in the running is Arizona Senator Mark Kelly, Pennsylvania, governor Josh Shapiro, Minnesota Governor Tim Waltz and transportation secretary, Pete Buttigieg. They are those. Yeah. What I'm starting to see in front of the camera is the vice president Kamala Harris that so many of us know behind the camera. So it's a pleasure to see. And You know when she was giving her speech yesterday, she was talking about how she wants to bring the middle class back, how she feels everybody should have the opportunity to start a small business, own a home, how she wants to secure the border. Go watch the 20 minute speech If you haven't Seen. Yeah, I thought the 20 minute speech was great. I think it's like you said, I think we are starting to finally see who Kamala Harris really is. Absolutely. And I. Love it. I will say that You know some of the, the things that you mentioned she's, she's kind of been doing, been Talking about.


That's right. Yeah. Well, no, she's been doing as far as small businesses and stuff like that. She has, but I won't get too much into that. Another news, former president Donald Trump is calling on the Jewish community to vote for him. And he recently called into a conservative radio show, Sid and Friends in the Morning, hosted by Sid Rosenberg and criticized a VP Harris and also came for her husband, second gentleman, Doug Emh. Let's hear how that conversation went. So she dislikes Jewish people and Israel more than Biden did. If, you are Jewish regardless of Israel. If, you are Jewish If, you vote for a Democrat, you're a fool. An absolute fool. And they tell me that this this Harris' husband, Doug Hort, Mr.


President is Jewish, he's Jewish. Like Bernie Sanders is Jewish. Are you kidding me? He's a crappy Jew. He's a horrible Jew. Yeah, you can, as you heard in the audio, you can hear the radio hurt host referring to Doug Emh as a crappy Jew and also president or former president Trump. Agreeing to that notion, now this comes as the conservative director or the director of the conservative initiative known as Project 2025 is stepping down. This created the roadmap for the next Republican president to use their first 180 days in office. Now Democrats have made it a campaign issue repeatedly linking Project 2025 to former President Trump Heritage Foundation. I mean those are Trump's former people.


But meanwhile, Trump has tried to distance himself from Project 2025. His campaign recently issued a statement saying, reports of project 2020 five's demise would greatly be welcomed or would be greatly welcomed rather. So yeah, hope. Well, we'll see what happens with Project 2025 and X has suspended the account of white dudes for Harris on its platform. The suspension came on Monday night after a group held a fundraising video call in support of Vice President Kamala Harris that attracted almost 200,000 people, mostly white men of one of the account managers shared a screenshot showing the white dudes for Harris account was suspended for violating X rules due to user report.


Now the post goes on to say what were the rules? What did they violate? They look, they don't know for real, but the bottom line is you do know that AX is owned by Elon Musk. So the post went on to say that we scared Elon Musk and Donald Trump Jr. So much tonight they suspended our account and won't let us back in. Wow. Now again, Musk owns ex and and announced his endorsement of former President Trump earlier this month. Now that's really ironic because the reason why Musk got involved in Twitter X to begin with is because he didn't want things censored on the social media platform. So for that, that group to then be quote unquote suspended or have their accounts suspended is rather ironic.


They Raised a lot of money too, right? Like over $4 million. Yes, they did. I was gonna, all of these calls are doing, they doing a big one but for VP Harris. So yeah, it's good to see. I believe Lance Bass from NSYNC led the charge on that one. Can't get no whiter than that. Can't find a whiter dude than that. Jesus. Alright, well thank you Morgan. That's front page news. We'll see you next hour. Absolutely. I've got more. Alright, Everybody else get it off your chest. 805 8 5 1 0 5 1 If. you need to vent. Phone lines are wide open again. 805 8 5 1 0 5 1 is The. Breakfast. Club. Good morning The. Breakfast Club.


It's a new day. This is your time to get it off your chest wake. Wake up. Whether you're mad or blessed, it's time to get up and get something. Call up now. Eight five eight five one oh five one. We wanna hear from you on The. Breakfast Club Henry. What's up Henry? What's going on man? Top of the morning Now Henry, you were a guy yesterday that that said Charlamagne told you to go to the Bill Marshall. You wanted five minutes. Stop lying. Why lie? I would, why would I tell you go to Bill Marshall ain't say that. Nah, nah, you didn't say that. You co-signed Bill Marshall. How did I cosign Bill? Did I watch it every week? Nah bro. You've been on the show, have you? Not A few times. I like Bill Marshall. Alright, so that's co-signing. That's co-signing. I love you regardless, bro.


Not, not Oh white it for, but I can't say it's his fault though. I'd say the people there, when we walked in it looked like an old people home and it looked like a bunch of 40-year-old people who watched the restaurant and eat Ding-dongs all night You. know what I'm saying? So What happened though? Bad news? Yeah, we pulled in. I I wouldn't say probably like five minutes late. You know how color people do. No we don't. We We got fashionable. Sure bro. You lucky he was there today on time. But anyway, Hey Yo Real rat. But nah. So we sat down, we had our drinks, we had food like literally sat down for five, 10 minutes. I'm really starting to get into what he's saying. Some young white lady comes up to me, whispers to me.


Sir, we tell you one more time to put your phones away. We're gonna have to escort you up. I certainly thought we were have phones out. I got two young girls with me. I looked over, they were legit. Like I don't no phones. I didn't see any phones. My peripherals good. It's dark You know how it is. Yo. I told 'em, listen Miss, we not doing this today. We're gonna watch this show and have a great time. We deserve to be here too. Pretty much You know she went to the strong black man in the cut. He came back to me, was like, sir, come with me. We were standing in the aisle conversation and I'm getting, getting there begging this man to like, leave me alone. Let me watch this show. This was all predetermined. He looked down on his watch press. His earpiece was like, yeah, this, this is escalating. So I showed what it was before I got really ratchet and went to jail.


I I just got escorted out by lifting on my vet. I did have my black effects hat on You. know what I'm saying? That that was a big thing for me. I was gonna rep. So I don't need a hat, although I like him. Oh, You had your black effect hat on already? Yeah, I had the black effect. I was repping bro. I'm like this Charlamagne's man. I'm coming in and I'm not blaming it on you because it wasn't even Bill's fault. It How is this my fault, man? That was your Man. Like, that's Your man. you say Stephen Colbert. I'd be like, that's my man. Yeah, Stephen Colbert is my guy. Right. But Bill Ma, that's a fact. That's a fact. I don't have that relationship with Bill Ma. I go on this show. I like doing this show. I watch his show. I don't have a relationship with Bill Ma. So, So yesterday you said you wanted five minutes a hat and a book. Well, well A hat.


Five minutes. Five minutes would be a conversation. You know, let me meet you. Shake your hand, give a hug. You a real big Brody in 2013. I appreciate that brother Eddie. Send him a book. Eddie, get honest. A die lying. My new book is out right now. We gonna send you a Book. You that already allegedly. Well see. That's my producers. They be lying just like Bill Maher producers kicked you out You. know what I mean? And And I get to blame for that. I told my producer to send the book, Eddie, send the book. I'm gonna sign it for you and I'm gonna mail it out today. I'm gonna make sure it goes out today. Little key The heck Got 'em put out. The heck got put out black. Get outta here. When was this? When did you say this happened? This is Saturday in Wallford, Connecticut at Oak Oak. Oh, you was at a comedy show?


Yes. Yeah. Oh, I thought you was at the TV show. A comedy show. Because I was about to say he wasn't even, he didn't do the show last week. Oh, all, all right, all right. Okay. That ain't even got nothing to do with Bill's producers then. That's just the venue that happens though. People kick you outta comedy shows. Kevin Hart kicked Envy out of a comedy show before, but I really had to phone. I know He said it yesterday. I'm glad he told us that. I'm glad MV already told us that. Okay, because that is crazy. But I have y'all, I love y'all. Hold on, don't on on don't hang up. We can get you the book. Hold on. Get it off your chest. 805 You know he had his phone out. Right? He said it twice. He said he, I don't believe him, him or somebody in his family had they phone out. They didn't just walk up to that man for no reason. There ain't no racial profiling. Like I, I ain't going.


I You know I'm not, I you wasn't there. I wasn't there Weren't. They wasn't what you what trying to say black people be having their phone out. I Ain't got nothing to do with black people. I just believe that he had his phone out. Like we know how they do at comedy shows. Well, I Believe Henry 805 8 5 1 0 5 1. Get it off your chest is The. Breakfast Club. Good morning The. Breakfast Club. This is your time to get it off your chest. Calling 805 8 5 1 0 5 1. We want to hear from you on The. Breakfast. Club. Hello, who's this? This Is Melanie. Hey, Melanie. Good morning. Good morning. And my own, You said Melanie, right? Yes, Melanie. Oh, okay. Because my, my ears hurting. Melanie And.


I was like, I ain't never heard that before. Nope. Melanie. Male. Male. Mary say mail. What's up Mel? Lemme tell you what's bothering me. What's bothering you? So my son originally graduated from University of Miami, class of 2024. Hey, congrats. And I. I'm sitting here. I was thinking like when you look at the cost of living, the cost of the education because of food, like I feel sorry for this next generation of kids. You know that's coming out. My husband And I, we established You know we have our our affairs in order. But when you look at the average college student who's graduated, you really have no choice but to come back home. Yeah. I mean think about it.


University of Miami costs what, 60, 70,000 a year? If a, if a student gotta get loans for that a little Bit more than that now Or 80,000 a year. Especially if he stays on campus now you, that's what, 80,000 a year. One 60. That's three 20. By the time they graduate, where they gonna live? How they gonna pay that note and get a job and pay for an apartment and pay for a car and pay for food? They're gonna be living with you for the next 10 years. Yeah. If not longer. But the good thing is, I say let's keep these babies at home as long as we can and let them go out there and You know live, live their life and, and really figure it out. Because I mean, going out on your own when you first graduate or just You know when you turn 18 it's almost impossible.


Yeah. That's why we have to bring the middle class back. I don't wanna support any politician who isn't talking about ways to put extra money in people's pockets. Man. Yeah. Straight up. Yes. Absolutely. Absolutely. It's all about upward mobility and safety for me. It ain't that. It ain't that. It ain't that hard out here. You know If you a politician. That's what you should be talking about. Upward mobility and safety. How to put extra money in people's pockets and keep people safe. That's, That's all I want to hear right there. That's it. Well Congratulations for getting to getting one outta college. Alright. One answer. Two to go. One down, two to go On Instagram. What is it Just being Melanie. Just being Melanie. Hot mess. Alright. Yeah, just being Melanie, just go and go look at it and gimme a life Girl.


You worried about the wrong things now. Right? So Mess but hit follow me and tell me how much of a mess. Thank you Melanie. Get It off your chest. 805 8 5 1 0 5 1. Now we got, just with the mess coming up, what we talking about Ray J and Dr. Omar exchanged some words about Suki. Okay, well that is the, I would love to be in that group chat. Ray J and Dr. Umma and Su Kiana. Yes. I wouldn't, I wouldn't participate every day in the group chat, but I would like pop like every two days I'd check in to see what the hell they was talking about. I'm not gonna lie. Yeah. Alright, Well we'll get to that. Next is The. Breakfast. Club. Good morning The. Breakfast Club. Morning everybody. It's Djj Envy Jess.


Hilarious. Charlamagne the guy. We are The Breakfast. Club. Let's get to just with the Mess News is real. Jessica Robin Moore Just don't do no lying. Don't nobody Worldwide on The. Breakfast Club. She's a culture shooter. She was able to get y'all to see something and understand something that nobody could get you to see. It's time to set it off. All right, so Ray J and Dr. Omar exchange words over su keana. So earlier this week, y'all know I reported Dr. Omar and Su Keana, they linked up You know over the weekend in Miami. Yeah. Yep.


Yep. At one of the speaking engagements that he, that Dr. Omar had. And the video showed them being a little Tati and phily with each other like they was real cute, like a little married couple. They were both dressed great. I love it. Fans reacted with a lot of them saying that they were here for the relationship, including myself between Quiana and Dr. Uma. Well, Ray J slid in Dr. Uma's dms right? To let him know he is not one of those supporters. And Dr. Umar shared the short and straight exchange between them to his Instagram and he had DMed him and he said, Raj said, Suki is my girl. Stand down fam. Right. So Dr. Umar said, good brother, I don't take orders from men.


You do you and I'm gonna do me. With that being said, we can leave it right there, bro. Dr. Umar, he ain't adding no additional thoughts, but it seems like he really might be checking for Suki and the caption to that post of that dm. It was just his speaking schedule. So You know what Dr. Umar is the funniest man on the planet because he doesn't try to be funny and Rayer is clearly being sarcastic.


What does a therapist do when her family is the one who needs help seek therapy. Of course. Don't miss the new season of the Hulu comedy Unprisoned starring Carrie Washington and Delroy Lindo with a father out of prison. A son with growing anxiety and a therapy practice in serious trouble. Carrie Washington's page is determined to pull our family back together. Nothing is uncomplicated on Unprisoned, especially family. Would they be freed from the generational issues and old wounds holding them back? John Stamos guest stars is an unorthodox, radical healing coach who goes toe to toe with Paige. As family secrets come out. Can Paige and her crew move forward? Get ready for a new season of raw comedy and heartfelt connection on imprisoned. All episodes are now screaming only on Hulu.


Hibernation season is over and it's time to get some sun outside. Gather your crew and hit the road in the spacious 2024 Nissan Pathfinder your getaway to larger than life adventures with spacious seating for eight and available panoramic moonroof. Everyone can enjoy the journey and soaking in the scenery of the Great Outdoors Bus with an available torn capacity of up to 6,000 pounds. And an available intelligent four-wheel drive feature with seven drive modes. You can take your favorite toys while victory on new terrains. Seize the thrill and start exploring with the 2024 Nissan Pathfinder today. Head over to Nissan usa.com to learn more intelligent. All-wheel drive can prevent collisions or provide enhanced traction in all conditions. Always monitor traffic and weather conditions. Towing capacity varies by configuration. See Nissan Towing Guide and Owner's manual for additional information. Always secure cargo.


Seeing our communities grow and thrive is something we care deeply about here at Black Tech Green Money State Farm Insurance also cares about the growth of black communities. They're actively investing in programs and initiatives that help provide financial literacy, give early career advice and grow black-owned businesses. Thus leading to generational wealth which helps protect the future of our communities. We wanna build a future that we all can be proud of. State Farm understands that representation alone doesn't equate to authenticity. It also requires active sponsorship of programs like the Axo, a year long program that recognizes and rewards high school students for their academic and cultural achievements along with funding programs like Project Ready. A National Urban League program committed to educational achievement of black and brown youth that has awarded over $11 million in scholarship offers to date State Farm believes that being better neighbors creates better communities and can have a long lasting impact. Like a good neighbor, State Farm is there


With public dot com's high yield cash account. You can grow your cash in an industry leading 5.1% a PY. There are no fees, subscriptions, minimums or maximums. Just 5.1% interest on your cash. That means you can grow your cash with 5.1% interest with no strings attached. It's as simple as that. Again, that's 5.1% interest with no fees. 5.1% interest with no subscription. 5.1% interest with no minimums or maximums. 5.1% interest with up to 5 million FDIC insurance. Just 5.1% interest. Straight up, no strings attached. Sign up today@public.com. 5.1% a PY as of 5 21. Subject to change. All investing involves risk of loss. Brokerage services offered by public investing Inc. Member FINRA and S-I-P-I-C, not a bank. See public.com/disclosures for more.


Here's a little secret. Most smartphone deals aren't that exciting to be honest. They're barely worth mentioning. But then there's at t and their best deals. Those are quite exciting. They're the kind of deals that are really worth talking about. Like their deals on the new Samsung Galaxy Z Flip six with this amazing deal. You can trade in your eligible smartphone for a new Samsung Galaxy Z Flip six. Any year any condition deals so good, it'll have you shouting from the rooftop. So get yourself down to the street level and learn how to snag the new Samsung Galaxy Z. Flip six on at t and maybe grab a ladder on the way home at t connecting changes everything requires Trade-in of Galaxy S note or Z series smartphone Limited time offer 256 gigabyte for $0 additional fees, terms and restrictions apply. See att.com/ Samsung or visit an at&t store for details.


Getting that message, he's clearly joking. And Dr. Omar rad, militant with him. I don't take orders from men, especially a man who made a snow bunny in her family. Famous. He that Oh my, yes he Did. He said that part for real on He said that. No, I made that, but if he did that I'd be good. That seems like something I could hear Dr. Omar right now. Absolutely. Dr. Be like Ray J exposed his penis for the whole planet. It was his anatomy that made Kim K and her family billionaires and he has not reaped the benefits of any of it. Ray J my brother unknowingly helped to build the new KKK. That's Kim Courtney and Chloe, our Kylie Berland kiss either way is the K, KK and when he have brothers, we have Brandy's brother to think for that. And. I don't wanna be that.


I wanna be down. That's right. And then Ray J wouldn't be able to say a damn thing Mething. Oh he'd say something. No, but I'm saying he it wouldn't, it wouldn't hold up. It's like, what do you say after that? Even as Ray J. What do you say after Just let it go. Let it go Because he ain't got the same amount of ex success as the KKK, The kk. So he would be, He would be mad y'all. But yeah, so, but obviously Ray J is trolling or whatever. But I ain't never seen Dr. Dunmore play no games like that. Anybody never like he don't really ever seem like he play never He Be dead serious. That's why he so funny. Remember that live yo, he was on live and he was speaking, he was telling, he was like our queens, we needed something.


And then he read a comment and he said I need you to pop that booty. I'm sorry brother. We don't do that here. Pop that booty do. Told Dr about pop that booty pop. That ain't no popping booties over here. We don't pop booties over here. You are blocked. He their brother. Sorry we don't Do that over here. Drop on a clue bond for Dr. Umma man. Yes, Yes Lord. It's H Lord. Good morning Dr. Umma and all his disciples. Okay so offset an alleged ex by that casino. So last night a blog shared a video of offset alongside a woman. People claim to be his ex. Her name is Pretty Reds. This immediately led to people online saying he was cheating. We know his past and all of that type of stuff Offset.


He hopped on IG live to give a brief response to people accusing him of stepping out on his wife. And this is what he said is rather short Shorty, Hey about shorty Just play it again 'cause it was so short. For What he said more than that. Did he What he said Shorty? Hey about shorty, That sound like a a hook. That sound like a new hook. He writing. I swear. Swear Shorty. Hey about shorty, shorty about shorty No Shorty no. Hey about shorty. Huh? In the video he said Short. Oh shorty ain't my shorty ain't my Shorty Shorty got you. Oh that is stiller hook shorty. Ain't my shorty. Shorty ain't my shorty. Hey shorty ain't my Shorty ain't about shorty.


Oh he was smoking too? Yeah. You could tell he was an inhale. Yeah but that was that. That's a nice little hook though. Sean Shorty ain't my shorty. Shorty ain't my shorty mama. Shorty ain't my Shorty. That's it. That's it. That's it right there. That could be, that's it. Summer anthem, let's go. He also hopped in the neighborhood talks comments to double down. He said people really need to do their research. I'm at a public place gambling at a casino with a married eight month pregnant woman with the FL look like being outside pub publicly cheating. Yo niggas be setting this mouth up so bad. I am sorry. Y'all probably gonna find that funny. Oh, after all just Said.


Yeah. He said what? What, what? I got an eight month old, I mean an eight month pregnant wife home. Like what I look like out here publicly cheating the same way you look before you was out here Publicly cheating. But they said suck my D man so I I mean he, he's really upset about it. That people the street jumped to that conclusion. That's the first time they acknowledged Cardi pregnant or they already did that before. That's the first time. That's The first time Actually. That's the first time that he publicly acknowledged it. I mean we all figured it out. Gotcha. But yeah, first time he's ever acknowledged it. And December, You know Cardi B went on an emotional rant on IG Live saying the offset was throwing her dirty after so many years and all that. So I think he just been trying to spend this time getting back in good graces and all that.


She's pregnant now and, and the couple seem to be on good terms. You know rumors of Cardi B being pregnant. That Does suck though. 'cause you a public figure If you in a public place and somebody just walks up to you and they want to picture y they just say what's up and you spend some time just saying what's up. They take that picture. It can, it can easily be misconstrued And If. you got a pass. You gotta clear it up immediately. 'cause You know they gonna be on your ass. That's Right. Yeah. Yeah. So shorty ain't my Hey my Shorty. Hey shorty ain't my shorty. Hey shorty. My shorty. Hey shorty ain't shorty hey about shorty Gotta just gotta speed it up a little bit. Speed up a little bit. You got your fire hook off That shorty ain't my shorty. Hey shorty. Ain't my shorty ain shorty ain't my shorty. Shorty ain't my shorty.


Hey that's just with the mess yo. All right. Now when we come back we got front page news with Morgan so don't move. It's The, Breakfast, Club. Good morning The. Breakfast Club. Your mornings will never be the same Morning everybody. It's DJ Envy. Just hilarious. Charlemagne the guy. We are The Breakfast. Club. Let's get back in some front page news. What's up Morgan? What up though? So there are some new developments. Hey Yo Morgan, You ain't from Detroit. We not gonna let that slide. Morgan, we you are not from Detroit and nobody in here is from Detroit. Why would you just say what up though? Like that? Oh, Let, let me, I guess let me bring it back to DC y what's, what, what's, what's good y'all. I don't know what's popping Sharon.


There you go. What's good Mo? There you go. You Talk about, okay, so there are new developments in the case of Sonya Massey You know a black woman who was fatally shot at the hands of former sheriff's Deputy Sean Grayson in Illinois. Now newly released audio recording show. Grayson was reprimanded at another agency before this incident in 2022 or in a 2022 review, Sean Grayson was asked about a traffic stop and pursuit in Logan County. The chief deputy told Grayson in the report in which Grayson said he thought he was on a different street than he put down, included multiple policy violations and could amount to official misconduct recordings show the chief deputy telling Grayson, if we can't trust you or if we can't trust what you say and what you see, we can't have you in our uniform.


Now the Sanon County Sheriff's Office or Sheriff Jack Campbell, he's asking for forgiveness following this incident during a Department of Justice community listening session. Campbell said his department failed Sonya Massey. And they also heard comments from members of the community as well. Let's hear that audio. That's all she did. That's all she did was call for help. And I'm gonna say something right now that I've never said in my career before that we failed. We did not do our jobs. I don't understand how you hire a volcano. I don't expect what the rough, Yeah. So of course Massey was shot and killed on July 6th by that deputy, former deputy who remains in custody after being charged with murder.


Now, many speakers at that gathering called for Campbell's resignation, but he refuses to step down saying he won't abandon the sheriff's office at this most critical moment. Yeah, It's, it is very hard to give someone forgiveness when a life is lost. Like somebody is dead. Like you can't just say, my bad. You can't just say, I'm sorry, can you please forgive me? Like you can't just bring that woman back. It's almost insulting for him to ask that. And who is he asking? Who is he asking for forgiveness? Her family. Like who the public, who is he asking for forgiveness? The, it's again, this is the sheriff not to be confused with the sheriff deputy who actually did the deed. Yeah. The sheriff is asking And I, And I believe it's just the family, the community. That's who he was speaking to at that, that listening session.


Which brings me also to my next point, switching gears. Lawmakers are clashing with the acting director of the secret service over the security failures that led to the attempted assassination of former president Donald Trump Homeland Security Committee Chairman, Senator Gary Peters opened the meeting with comments and Missouri Senator Josh Hawley press acting director Ronald Rowe, to fire officials involved in securing the Pennsylvania rally where Trump was shot tension, spoiled over during that congressional hearing. Let's hear more from that hearing. By all accounts, this was a inexcusable security and planning failure. And we need to get all of the facts about what happened that day and how we can ensure an attack like this is never, never allowed to happen again.


I will not rush to judgment that people will be held accountable. And I will do so with integrity and not rush to judgment and put people, I can't believe unfair, persecuted Believe were I unfairly persecuted unfairly, sir, Who are dead. I mean that whole thing was it, it was laughable. And when I said it that the day after when we came back where people was like, oh no, they still got no, that's not the point. They looked unorganized. They didn't look like an elite team. I mean, even to the point where when president got back up, his head was exposed and he could have got shot again. Right? I mean, it was just nasty. It was disgusting. And everybody needs to be fired. I'm, I'm even looking at one of the agents, she looked so confused. She was putting a gun in a hosted and she was taking a gun out the hosted and the gun was out the hosted and what she didn't know what to do.


It, it was just, it was unorganized and, and and horrible for our elite secret service that's supposed to be protecting the, one of the, the most important people in, in our country. It look Horrible. Well, the most important person, Biden Biden, That's one of The most, but the, the Secret Service is asking for forgiveness. They really want Donald Trump's ear to forgive them. I wonder if Trump can sue, I wonder if Trump can sue. I I wonder if he can sue because I would, I would think he would be able to sue. Right. Well, you can sue Anybody if anything I'm sure you can. Okay. I mean they, because they definitely failed him. But You know, I was having a conversation with a You know a security person and they've worked with the Secret Service before and they were telling me how horrible the Secret Service is. They was like, yo, the Secret Service is not really good. And he was like, If. you think about it historically, this is like, this is the third shooting.


JFK got killed. Ronald Reagan got shot. Donald Trump got shot. He was like, they're really not good. No. Like they, like he said, he said the Secret Service, if you've ever worked with them, they're not good. Basically it Seems like they got lax they got really relaxed and just let things happen. Like the fact that the guy was, had a drone over the thing and, but they, they, They, they don't ever, they don't ever expect anything is going to actually happen. Okay. You know what I mean? Okay. And and it is clear whenever something does happen, oops. Yeah, president get Hit. You gotta stay ready so you don't have to get ready. But the acting Secret service director Ronald Rowe, he did add that the agency has rolled out new procedures to prevent future security lapses. incu including the use of drones and vetting processes for security plans.


Now you talked about elite teams. Let's talk about our elite team team. USA women's gymnastics team back on top of The World. They won gold yesterday for the first time since 2016. Simone Biles sealed the win with her floor routine and she re she was relieved after finishing her vault routine. US gymnast, Sonny, SUNY Lee also shared comments saying they came determined to win gold. Let's hear more from Biles and Lee, After I finished Vault, I I was relieved. I was like, woo. Because at least no flashbacks or anything, I did feel a lot of relief. And as soon as I landed Vault, I was like, oh yeah, I'm definitely we're gonna do this. Oh my Gosh, this one is, it's so different. I mean I feel like we had so much more fun this time. Clearly We were nervous we weren't gonna be able to hear our floor music and all of that, but we really just embraced the moment and had fun with it.


We all knew what the job was once we got in here. So it was, it was not much. But we all had it in the back of our minds. I mean, I think I love that performance yesterday. Shout out to also Jordan Charles and Jade Carey. They did good. And it's another baby girl. She the youngest one. But it was good to see Simone Biles, Jordan and suny. Not really like they tackled what they don't really do. You can tell that. What is it? Bar is not really like their strong suit, but they still stuff their landings. Yep. But floor, they did their thing. Did you notice they did their thing notice? Did you notice just that it, it seemed like on a lot of the other teams, I, I watch the Olympics every year, but it seemed like I've seen a lot more mess ups this year from other squads.


Yeah. People falling and and falling on their face. Yes. And falling outbound. I seen a lot more of that this year for some reason In the poor baby girl for Brazil, she busted over top of her eyebrow. I seen that twice. And she fell. Yeah. Yeah. One of our girls fell too. But that was during the warmup so she was Oh right. Yeah. I'm gonna kill this. And they killed it. Yep, sure did. Yes they did. This is the fourth gold medal for us women with the other three coming in in 96, 20 12 and 2016. And for Biles on an individual level, this is, she is now breaking records. This is her eighth career medal overall. She said, don't worry about my edges. Okay, I'm gonna gold. And also in other Olympic events, the men's are set to, their final is set for today.


Also US men's basketball team will be back on the hardwood. Yes. Today to face South Sudan for the top spot in group C through two games. The, this is the first time the two countries have ever played and the Olympics. So make sure you download the free iHeartRadio app featuring hourly updates and highlights all throughout the 2024 Paris Olympic games. Simone really said don't worry about my edges. People was worried about our edges. Yeah. They Were too talking my hands. Listen when I tell you we at a dumbest country ever, like I'm telling you, we do You know where she at right now. What she just did for us. She's the Most decorated gender, Most decorated. That's just hate You know when they say and We worrying about her hair. Yeah. Need needless criticism, needless criticism stems from jealousy and envy that so that's just Hate.


Yeah, it was hate. That's all. Yeah, She definitely snatched the edges when it came down to that routine. So Like what So nice. You win gold. Yeah, look at her edges though. Shut your po ass up. So I'm not worried about My edges being slicked back. I'm here to win gold. So Yeah. That she did, Don't play with her. Okay. Alright, Well thank you Morgan. Thank you. That's your front page news on Morgan Wood. Be sure you check me out at Morgan Media and on the, of course the Black Information Network on socials at Black Information Network and BIN news.com. Alright, now let's open up the phone lines (800) 585-1051 Salute to the brothers from the Facts and Law podcast. The people from the Facts and Law podcast, I should say yesterday they were trending because of what a woman said on the podcast.


Let's listen. I'm not dating a man that does not come from a two-parent household. I don't care what race you are. You came from a two-parent household. No, but I mean, I'm gonna explain to you why there's a big difference with the man who was raised with his mother and father versus a man who was just raised with his mother. And I had the pleasure of marrying a guy who was raised by his mom. And I dated seriously a guy who was raised by both parents. It's a big difference. And coming from a household where I was raised by my mom as a grown woman, I'm telling you it's a difference. But she just said she not gonna date nobody who's not from a two-parent household, but she didn't even come from a two-parent household, Just as dumb as she wanted to be.


I was like, What? Excuse Me. Like I don't understand the logic you talking about baby, what you're talking about honey. And that's why that was a good question. The person asked her like, do you come from a two-parent household? As soon as she say no the way. I don't, ain't nothing, nothing to talk about. Well, Let's open up the phone lines (800) 585-1051. Do you agree there's a difference between dating someone that comes from a two-parent household verse someone who doesn't? Do you see the difference? Would you prefer somebody that comes from a a, a a two-parent household? I don't understand the logic. Maybe I'm not thinking too deep into it, but it don't seem like, it don't seem like it would make much of a difference. If you raised right? You raised right If, you raised wrong, you raised wrong. You could be raised wrong in a two-parent household. You raised right in the one parent household.


What's the difference? They do say And why are we listening to somebody who was raised in the one parent household telling us that she only date people that's raised in the two parent household? Well, it don't even make no sense. Well, They do say that, that sometimes What'd you say, Jeff? I don't know. 'cause too many people got podcast. But go ahead. What you I was gonna say, they do say sometimes if, if a mom raises a a son, sometimes the son is, is very a mama's boy and very, very sensitive or some things that's what people say. I don't know. And sometimes they say if a, if a father is not in a woman's life, sometimes a woman is needy. That's what they people have said when they date women like that. I ain't never heard that. I've heard that You know if the father ain't around a woman can be a hoe. And I don't know about no need. I've heard all of these, all of these situations.


Every single one. Because it depends on the family. Like Right, it depends on how you was raised. Like you said If, you raised wrong, you raised wrong If, you raised right, you raised right. It don't matter like If, you can come from a a screwed up two parent household. I just don't want hear nothing from no person That ain't If you. You can't have what you can't want what you don't have. Well, right. I would never would name somebody not from a two-parent household. Do you have a two-parent household? No. What we talking, What are we talking to you for? But let's, let's open up the phone lines (800) 585-1051. Let's discuss. It's The Breakfast Club. Good morning The Breakfast Club. Daddy. It's topic time.


Call 805 8 5 1 0 5 1 to join into the discussion with The Breakfast Club. Morning everybody. It's DJ Envy Jess. Hilarious. Charlamagne the guy We are The Breakfast. Club. Now If, you just joining us. We seen something that was trending online yesterday. This is from the Facts and Law podcast. They had a young lady on there and she was talking about dating and this is what she said. I'm not dating a man that does not come from a two-parent household. I don't care what race you are. You came from a two parent house. House. No, but I'm, and I'm gonna explain to you why there's a big difference with the man who was raised with his mother and father versus a man who was just raised with his mother.


And I had the pleasure of marrying a guy who was raised by his mom. And I dated seriously, a guy who was raised by both parents is a big difference. And coming from a household where I was raised by my mom as a grown woman, I'm telling you it's a difference. So we're asking 805 8 5 1 0 5 1. Do you agree there's a difference between dating someone that comes from a two-parent household verse, someone that comes from that doesn't come from a two family household, a two-parent household, I should say. We'll start with you Jess. What do you think? I just think it depends on the situation. I've dated You know men who I listen, I have never dated a man who, and that's not just not by choice, like who's come from a two parent household.


I, I haven't, I've dated, I've been in three relationships where all the moms were deceased You. know what I'm saying? And it shows greatly in the men Did they have mommy issues. But it shows differently. Like Rome, Rome was the first one Mommy issues to this day. You know. And it also goes off of how he treats women than it was another dude. You. know what I'm saying? Wayne don't have his mother neither. That shows greatly in him as well. You know. He just don't have the same issues that Rome got. Then the dude I took on the show, the guy before that I dated Chris, like, yeah, he, his, he lost his mother too. And it shows that he didn't know how to give affection. It shows in different ways. You know what I'm saying? So that was the first question I asked Chris on a date where your mother You know what I'm saying?


I need to know your mother and Yeah. And it definitely shows now he didn't have his mother and his father, but his mother and grandparents raised him You. know what I'm saying? So it it, it is a difference. But you don't go picking and choosing like, oh, do you come from a two-parent household because listen, you can be effed up and come from a two-parent household. Correct. 'cause it was an unhealthy balance. Your mom was doing something to your dad or your dad was mistreating your mom or something like that. So you can't just say, yeah, this is what I want, this is what I'm gonna get. And, and it's gonna be a great relationship because this person comes from a two parent. But it has to be something lacking. Right? If, you don't have two parents in the household or you're not raised by both of your parents.


It has to be something lacking. Right. Regardless if so, if your mom is not in your life, there, there has to be some emotional, some sensitive side that is lacking. And if your father's not in your life, there has to be something there as well. Right. It Has to be. And very much that, that, that's true. Doesn't have to be, but like, say but say If. you got two parents, say If, you have two parents. Right? And one of 'em don't know how to be a parent You. know what I'm saying? So it's kind of like you still lacking like, it don't, it, it, it just depends on how you parent, how you come.


What does a therapist do when her family is the one who needs help seek therapy. Of course. Don't miss the new season of the Hulu comedy. Imprisoned starring Carrie Washington and Delroy Lindo with a father outta prison. A son with growing anxiety and a therapy practice in serious trouble. Carrie Washington's page is determined to pull her family back together. Nothing is uncomplicated on Unprisoned, especially family. Will they be freed from the generational issues and old wounds holding them back. John Stamos guest stars is an Unorthodox radical healing coach who goes toe to toe with Paige As family secrets come out, can Paige and her crew move forward? Get ready for a new season of raw comedy and heartfelt connection on imprisoned. All episodes are now screaming only on Hulu.


Hibernation season is over And it's time to get some sun outside. Gather your crew and hit the road in the spacious 2024 Nissan Pathfinder your getaway to larger than life adventures with spacious seating for eight and available panoramic moonroof. Everyone can enjoy the journey and soaking in the scenery of the Great Outdoors Bus with an available toing capacity of up to 6,000 pounds. And an available intelligent four-wheel drive feature with seven drive modes. You can take your favorite toys while victory on new terrains. Seize the thrill, and start exploring with the 2024 Nissan Pathfinder today. Head over to Nissan usa.com to learn more intelligent All-Wheel drive cannot prevent collisions or provide enhanced traction in all conditions. Always monitor traffic and weather conditions. Towing capacity varies by configuration. See Nissan Towing Guide and Owner's manual for additional information. Always secure cargo


State Farm Insurance gets it. Representation alone doesn't equate to authenticity. State Farm understands and wants to help protect our communities by investing in our future building off the hard work our parents have done before us. We all are looking to create generational wealth so that our families and generations behind us have a better starting point than we did. That begins with financial literacy. State Farm helps fund programs like Project Ready, a National Urban League program committed to the educational achievement of black and brown youth. To date participants have been awarded over $11 million in scholarships offers as a direct result of contributions from State Farm at Eating Walbrook. We hear inspiring rags to richest stories on each episode from our guest. But with State Farm, you can begin to write your own success story. State Farm believes that being better neighbors creates better communities and have a long lasting impact. Like a good neighbor, State Farm is there


With public dot com's high yield cash account, you can grow your cash in an industry leading 5.1% a PY. There are no fees, subscriptions, minimums or maximums, just 5.1% interest on your cash. That means you can grow your cash with 5.1% interest with no strings attached. It's as simple as that. Again, that's 5.1% interest with no fees. 5.1% interest with no subscription. 5.1% interest with no minimums or maximums. 5.1% interest with up to 5 million FDIC insurance, just 5.1% interest straight up, no strings attached. Sign up today@public.com. 5.1% a PY as of 5 21. Subject to change. All investing involves risk of loss. Brokerage services offered by public investing Inc. Member FINRA and S-I-P-I-C, not a bank. See public.com/disclosures for more.


Your you are probably careful with your personal information, but what about the other places that have it like the doctor's office that mixed up your files. They have your social security number, the power company that mistakenly cut your service, has your payment info and last three addresses. And the hotel that lost your reservation has your passport info. Your information is in endless places out of your control. Any one of them could accidentally expose you to hackers and identity theft through lack security breaches or simple mistakes. But LifeLock monitors millions of data points every second and alerts you to a wide range of threats. If your identity is stolen, a US-based restoration specialist will fix it. Guaranteed. Or your money back with plans covering up to $3 million for stolen funds and expenses. Mistakes happen. Don't let not having protection be one of them. Save up to 40% your first year at lifelock.com/news. That's lifelock.com/news to save up to 40% terms apply


up You. Know what I mean? Yeah. Number one, I don't know why we listen into that young woman because she didn't come from a two-parent household herself. Okay. And And I would think that it's, it's, it's, it's more so about the relationship that you have with your parents as opposed to just coming from a two-parent household. You've been saying that just like you can have both parents and those two parents could be effed up. They might not have instilled anything good in you. Yeah. To another point you made Jess, the two-parent household may have been dysfunctional. Correct. You might've saw those parents arguing all the time. Fighting all the time. So it doesn't matter, If, you come from a two-parent household. It just comes, it matters if the person that's raising you is instilling good things in you. That's it. I don't think She was coming from a place of, of how you are raised. I think she was coming from a place of, of what you're possibly missing by not having both parents raising you and maybe You know.


'cause I do feel like If, you don't have both parents in your life. You have to be missing something. Something has to be a lack of. If, if both your parents are not in Your life, maybe, maybe you're not. Well, we have Vivian on the line. Vivian, good morning. Good morning. Hey, What's your opinion, Vivian? Good morning. Good morning. My opinion. Good morning everybody. Hey Jess. Good morning. My opinion is the young lady, man have been saying man raised by a father and a mother. She has may have seen a woman being treated well by a man on a daily basis, whereas a man just raised by his one did not see how to treat a woman on a daily basis.


Not about being raised by a wrong it, seeing a woman being treated well on a daily basis. But don't you think that's a generalization? Because it could be the flip side. You could grow up in a two-parent household where you saw the daddy treating the mother bad or the mother treating the dad bad. Thank you. That's that's true too. Ab ab absolutely. But I'm just saying from her perspective, maybe what she was saying, I don't know what was in her mind, but when I heard her speak, that's what I, because that's what I grew up with, A two-parent household. I, My dad, my mom. Well, Well, lemme ask you a question, Vivian. Should we be listening to that young woman being that she didn't come from a two-parent household herself? You know what I think fact, she did ahold lets her know what she wants.


She knows what she parents want. That's true too. Because of what she hasn't experienced. But that's my point. What's That? Thank you. She, What she's pointing out and others saying they lack because they didn't come from a two-parent household. How come that don't apply to you young lady? Well, I mean, maybe that's what it is. Maybe she sees what she, she's missing and, and doesn't want to date somebody that does not have the same things that she lost out on. Mm. You know what I mean? Actually, part of she said she was very confident. She said no, I was raised by a single mother and like, basically like she was turned, she turned out great. But a man who was just raised by his father, she don't want that no more. Mm. Yeah. I don't like that. And she Want you, you have to have, yeah, she was saying like, her mother did great with her like You know what I'm saying? I was how she Positioned it until you talk to the men that date her and they be like, oh hell no.


She all, I never dated. Hello, Kim. Hi. Good morning. Hey Kim, what's your thoughts? My thoughts is, I don't find anything wrong with it. I feel like it's always a problem. Do women say we wanna do better? If this young lady has experienced dating somebody from a two parent household, why? Why are we not living by their mantra? You know, letting you do better from experience dating anybody, man or woman, come across a single parent household. It's a hassle. It's a hassle day in me. And I came from a single parent household. You had just a mama or just a daddy? Which one? Just, just a mother. And my mama was a piece of work. I don't stand a chance in a relationship.


All I heard all my life is I boss. I'm good looking because I'm from all You got a man now? No. Are you looking for are are you, do you have that? Do you have looking For I'm looking for a man, but ain't nobody gonna deal with this. And my mother was an alcoholic. See, Alcoholic And. I. Don't even Drink. See that? I love people that know they stuff. She said, ain't nobody gonna deal with this. Yeah. See, I wish I got a bunch of homegirls I wish would look in the mirror and say the same thing. But, but you see, ain't nobody gonna deal with this. But you see what she said? I'm the one up here right now. Who? Nothing. I'm sorry. Damn. I I, I I got a little too Carried. I see 805 8 5 1 0 5 1.


We were talking from the Facts and Law podcast. A young lady was on there yesterday and said she would never date a man that came from a single parent household. This is what she had to say. I'm not dating a man that does not come from a two-parent household. I don't care what race you are. You came from a two-parent household. No, but I'm, I'm gonna explain to you why there's a big difference with the man who was raised with his mother and father versus a man who was just raised with his mother. And I had the pleasure of marrying a guy who was raised by his mom. And I dated seriously. A guy who was raised by both parents. It's a big difference.


And coming from a household where I was raised by my mom as a grown woman, I'm telling you it's a difference. So we ask you what's your thoughts? Is The Breakfast Club? Good morning. If y'all talking about it You know we talking about it? It's topic time. Call 805 8 5 1 0 5 1 to join into the discussion with The Breakfast Club. Morning everybody. It's DJ Envy. Just hilarious. Charlamagne the guy. We are The Breakfast Club. If you're just joining us, we're talking about this woman that was on the Facts of Law podcast. She said she would never date a person that came from a single parent household.


And we're taking your calls. 805 8 5 1 0 5 1. Now, Jess, you said it, it doesn't matter. No, it, well, it, it, it just depends. It, it doesn't matter. And we can't necessarily say, well, that's better. Or those relationships where a man came from a two-parent household are more successful. Like a, any household can be toxic You know what I'm saying? Like any household, like, look, let's just take like, let's be honest, right? The Jackson five, look at their mom and look at their dad You. know what I'm saying? Two parent household. Joe wouldn't even be like, his kids call him dad. He was beating them and doing everything Right. You know what I'm saying? Like it was a lot going on there then. That's, that's, and then see I think when people feel like when they think of two parent household, they think of one like, like the hux of books.


Think the Cosby Show, right? You Know what I'm saying? The Cosby Show. Like they think of that. But no, you have so many different types of two parent households. Variations. Yep. You Don't know. Yeah. Yeah. She should have awarded it better. She should have said, I, I'm not dating anybody who didn't see a healthy relationship growing up You. know what I mean? There go like, that's what she should have said. But, but You know, even with that, You know some people who don't see a healthy relationship go the complete opposite. You know some people that don't, they didn't have a dad in their life. Wanna make sure they're in their kids' life even more because they knew what that feeling was. So that could be wrong too. I think this whole conversation we having is exactly why you shouldn't generalize. Right. And that's what she did. She generalized like, there, there's no one way to do any of this.


Right. Nicole, take us off Bluetooth for speaker, please. Can you hear me now? Perfect. What's your thoughts, mama? I just wanna say good morning everyone. Also, I feel like a family background is just important in general. Not whether you come from a, a single mother or a single father or a two parent. I grew up in a two-parent household. But I feel like the way you see your parents portray love in general is just gonna be how you portray love. So I think just the family dynamic in general is important. That's right. Okay. Well thank you so much. Thank you. Hello, who's this? Andrea. Andrea, good morning. What's your thoughts? I agree with the, with the comment.


What comment? The comment about coming from a two parent household. Oh, what the lady said. Why do you agree? Yes, I agree. I come from a two parent household. To me, it's structured better, especially when You know the dad's involved. Discipline is better. So I completely agree. Okay. Well thank you mama. Hello. Who's this? Hey, it's Tom. What's your, what's your comments? What's your, what's your what, what do you think brother? Hey, foremost. Good morning everybody. Good morning. How Feeling blessed black and highly Favorite, sir. Hey, I'm a hey. Hey, hey. Likewise man. Hey, I'm gonna tell you I totally coldhearted disagree with the young lady like Charmagne. And God said everything you stated was true. The, I can say I came from a both parent household, but then I know it's called manipulation.


But at the same time, when a man grow up regardless and life happens, he decides how to take care of a woman and he knows how to take care of a woman based off of maturity. So how can she say that? And then she sounds like a person, and I'm sorry to have to say sound because I haven't seen her and not going to see her, but she didn't even come from a two-parent household. So how can she be relatable to that scenario? Right? And then she meets another guy that happened to be opposite of the first guy. But here's the deal. Who to say he didn't lie to her? And he just understands the mission. Maturity happens. You start understanding the mission, how to take care of a woman, how to keep 'em secure and make sure they stay fed, guide 'em as a king. And then after that it's successful.


So what she's saying is she just happened to meet somebody else that was better than the others. Wow. But then how does she relate that? And how can she put that on a scale if she never met both parents? It could just be hearsay. That's for real. Thank You brother. Well, I'm going to the stream. You know we do go live. So I'm gonna read some of the people on the live like shout the miss underscore candy for, she says there are a lot of two-parent households with verbal abuse, physical abuse, and infidelity. Anyone can make change in their lives for the good of any relationships. It depends on the actual person. That's a fact. Somebody else said a two parent, not so much. I think a man having a good relationship with his mother is more important. That's right. That's what I said earlier is just like, it's about the relationship that the child has with, with, with, with the parent, the single parent or whatever.


Because you can come from a two-parent household and that two-parent household could be instilling a whole bunch of nonsense in you. Yes, that's Right. I see. I, I am she KIAD. She says, I know men from both one parent and two parent household. That's both messed up mentally. So she's saying it doesn't matter. Another woman says out with butterfly, good morning, workout with butterflies. She says, I don't agree. It's up to that person to grown up the right way in adulthood. It doesn't matter. I see somebody else says two parent households don't mean nothing. A lot of two parent households involves abuse. That's Right. So what Is the moral of the story guys? Moral of the story is stop generalizing. Everybody. Be generalizing. Need to be getting on these podcasts and just getting on platforms and just doing these broad generalizations.


If that works for you, If, you want to dis date people from a two-parent household, cool. But guess what? Young lady, you don't even come from one. Alright? Right. So what's wrong with you? Let's start with you man. What's your problem? And What about the people with no parents? I know they like, hold up. Yo, what Can I get in this conversation? You Stupid You. know what I'm saying? You know people in foster care that's been raised greatly. That's that hasn't been people, Parents who died. Yeah. Yeah. People, parents who died and it's like they didn't, they they didn't get to be raised by You know finish being raised. So it, it just depends. Yo. So yeah. Generalization is crazy for this Ones Raised by their grandparents. Right? You know what I'm saying? Yeah. What if my parents didn't want me? And I ended up getting raised by my grandparents. Then what?


Or Or my, or you had, you had your baby young and the grandparents helped you out until Exactly. Together you go. Happens all the time. Yes. It sound just like a Celebr Parade movie. Yep. Alright, well we got just with the best coming up. What we talking about Trump nephew said he is not voting for him. Honey. Voting for Kamala. So we going have to get into that. That's real Nephew. That is real nephew. Say, yo, what? I'm not voting for y your Clown. They have. All right, we'll get to that. Next is The. Breakfast. Club. Good morning. Morning everybody. It's DJ NV. Just hilarious. Charlamagne the guy. We are The Breakfast. Club. Let's get to just with the mess. Real hilarious. Just Robin Moore. Just don't do no lying. Don't She don't spell nobody, nobody worldwide.


Jess Worldwide on The. Breakfast Club. She's a culture shooter. She Was able to get y'all to see something and understand something that nobody could get you to see. It's time to set it on. Okay. Okay. So real quick. Y'all know I, my my slogan is the news is real. All right? Right. But the first hour, I wanna clear this up. So Offset was not confirming that Cardi is pregnant. It and his, his caption that I read, people need to do the research. I'm at a public place gambling at a casino with a married eight month pregnant woman. What the FI look like being outside publicly cheating. SMD. Okay, so the girl that he was talking about, the girl that he was actually, that they was trying to say You know.


Oh, his alleged ex sex. Yeah. Pretty red or whatever her name is. Right? She actually commented and said, shaken my head. That wasn't with me. That man wasn't with me. I was already there with my husband, my husband's sister and brother. I'm seven months pregnant. Y'all really have to stop with this type of behavior. And she also posted, it's completely crazy that I even have to do this. Please, it's not for me. Please respect my late husband. I am just beginning to grieve. Damn. She was in the casino. All right. Having a night out with my family is definitely not an opportunity for clickbait. I am carrying the last gift of my husband will give this earth. All I want is peace.


So basically If, you looking for a story? There is nothing to see here. Please respect all families involved. Y'all make up things not caring about the impact. Please stop. Yep. And then in the picture, they didn't even really seem like close together. 'cause now I'm You. know what I'm saying? They didn't really seem like they were close. She probably just wanted a picture. She saw offset in the casino. Wanted the picture. Well, it seems like, it seems like she knew him before so she probably just said hello and kept it moving. Exactly. And she was also there with her husband. Her late husband's sister. Her husband passed away and that's who she's pregnant by. She's seven months pregnant. So no correction. Offset did not confirm Cardi having a third child or whatever. You know. He didn't deny, but he also didn't put it out there so that, that wasn't a story to break y'all.


So I just, it's also why punctuation is important though. You gotta have punctuation. Yeah, because it, when you read it, you hear that. I do hear that. What the hell is that? Yo niggas cutting my grass. So go ahead. Yo ball with Chris doing long work can stop it man. First of all, no this is, no this wasn't Chris doing lot work. Who doing the long work? Jay? It don't matter who Doing lawn work. That's why I ain't wanna say nothing anyway. No, you Act like we couldn't hear that. Yeah, we heard that loud enough. Yeah, But it could be a long service. Why gotta be Chris Show? Oh, I just assume it was Chris. I don't know why you assume it was Chris. No. Why? Why? What? What made you assume it was Chris? I don't know. He is the man in the House. Oh, okay. Why? Yeah. What you think stop. What's wrong with y? Because you trying to say something about Mexicans like no Chris of all I not, no, my long guy name is Har Geraldo and don't play with him.


Yeah, Ronaldo Definitely Mexican. Yeah, He fullblown Mexican, Chris Black and Mexican. So I don't, I don't trust Chris With the lawn. Oh, you ever trust with the lawn? Hell no. No. Just half of it fine. Just half of it. Let Chris do the front yard. Oh My god. Just half of it yo. Yeah. Anyway, Donald, Donald Trump's nephew on the View, so his nephew's name is Fred Trump iii. He appeared on the View to Propo promote his book. It's called All In The Family, the Trumps And How We Got This Way. His book was intended to honor his father and his son who are nothing like the rest of the Trumps. He said he claims he grew up closely with Donald Trump and was one of the few people who was with him from his formative years.


During the interview, the ladies on the View, they spoke on who he would, who he might vote for, for the 2024 election. That's what he said In the book. You revealed that you did not vote for your uncle in 2016 or 2020. And both times you voted for the Democrat. So is it too much of an imposition to ask you who you're gonna vote for in 2024? I believe in policy over politics. Yeah. And without question, Kamala Harris's policies are what I get behind. So I will be voting for Kamala Harris and if I'm asked, I will campaign for her without hesitation. Good. Wow. That's what's up. Well cool story nephew. Yeah. Right. He also shared his thoughts on Donald Trump as a person.


Every family Yeah. Is complicated. Every family has their crazy uncle at the Thanksgiving table. Donald's Atomic crazy and I've seen it firsthand how he's evolved from crazy to at time of crazy. What I thought was interesting was when Fred recalled some early memories with Donald Trump when he was like a 10-year-old little boy. That's what he said Twice. He used the N word and, and what troubles me even more than that is that he did not know who slash the roof of his El Dorado. He assumed it was, he assumed, he Assumed was the more revealing Part. And interesting Sony, about the same time I had a bike stolen by three black kids. And unfortunately my dad wasn't around at the time, so the police called and said, we found your bike.


My mom asked Donald if he could go to the police station with me and they had this kid, And I, remember he was my age. Donald was, he absolutely wanted to see this kid put in jail and as wise as I possibly could be at 10 years old, he said, I don't wanna ruin this kid's life. Yeah. Just think of what that's going to do to this kid. You know Flash forward 17 years later, central Park five. Yeah. Wow. He screamed out for the death penalty in a full page ad Twice. He used the N word. What if the N word is nephew? Okay. He what if what if damn Where was nephew? What do Trump tweets out? I don't know that nephew. No, no, that's definitely his nephew. You gotta look at him here.


Oh, they look alike. Well, I'm not gonna say that on this radio, but okay. The Kid that stole my bike, you just Gotta look at him. Look him up. Kid that stole my bike ain't because they Say that we be looking alike. Yeah. I ain't want 'em to get arrested. I just wanted to get beat up when they stole my bike Saying You know who got your bike stolen. Some black kids stole your bike. Yeah, Absolutely. I just wanted 'em to get beat up. I stole a bike before and then got mad when they came to get it. How you stole You know what I did? Stole the old, stole his old dude bike and then he, when they, when they came to get it, I, I got mad like, yo, how I'm gonna get mad? I throw every bike you Could throw every by. You got mad. Exactly. Dumb. I don't have one. Gimme one, you can get another one.


Like what? That's stole messed stuff. But that's just for the master. Took my mongoose all anyway. Still got Charlemagne. We get they really cutting your grass, huh? Yeah. Yo, just, it Sound like they flying a helicopter. Nah, You know They gotta blow the leaves. They gotta blow the leaves. That's what you hear now. Whoa. And. I got yeah, And. I got a lot of land y Talk. That talk It's going to be is it is going be going on for a minute? No. All right. Well donkey day we give the down too, Man. Four four. After the hour, we need a man named Lawrence Koa to come to the front of the congregation. Okay? He got caught with his pants down. Literally we'll discuss. Alright, We'll get to that. Next is The. Breakfast Club Morning. Why you pick that story? He like The, Breakfast Club. Your mornings will never Be the same donkey up the damn the he ho.


It's time for Donkey of the kid. He, I ain't trying to be donkey today no more. They should be embarrassed by what they already did. I didn't. I'm not making these people do these things. They called Donkey of the day and it really caught me off guard. Damn Charlamagne. Who got the donkey of today? Today? Well, Jess, hilarious. It's donkey today for Wednesday, July 31st goes to a 45-year-old man from New York City named Lawrence Costa. I'm gonna be honest with y'all. I come in here some days And I, look at possible stories for Donkey of today. And some of the stories be so stupid that I don't even wanna do 'em. Right. Some of them be so dumb that I'd be actually embarrassed as a human. And today is one of those stories. Okay? It's also a reminder that Destiny is not a matter of chance.


It's a matter of choice and you can't blame anyone but yourself for poor choices. Okay? And Lawrence Costa absolutely made a poor choice. See, the NYPD released a video of officers arresting a man who fell asleep at a subway station in Brooklyn. He just fell asleep on the


What does a therapist do when her family is the one who needs help seek therapy. Of course, don't miss the new season of the Hulu Comedy Unprisoned starring Carrie Washington and Delroy Lindo with a father out of prison. A son with growing anxiety and a therapy practice in serious trouble. Carrie Washington's page is determined to pull our family back together. Nothing is uncomplicated on Unprisoned, especially family. Would they be freed from the generational issues and old wounds holding them back? John Stamos guest stars is an unorthodox, radical healing coach who goes toe to toe with Paige. If family secrets come out, can Paige and her crew move forward? Get ready for a new season of raw comedy and heartfelt connection on imprisoned. All episodes are now screaming only on Hulu.


Hibernation season is over and it's time to get some sun outside. Gather your crew and hit the road in the spacious 2024 Nissan Pathfinder your gateway to larger than life adventures with spacious seating for eight and available panoramic moon roof. Everyone can enjoy the journey and soak in the scenery of the great Outdoors. Plus with an available towing capacity of up to 6,000 pounds in an available intelligent four-wheel drive feature. With seven drive modes, you can take your favorite toys while adventuring on new terrains. Seize the thrill and start exploring with the 2024 Nissan Pathfinder today. Head over to Nissan usa.com to learn more intelligent all-wheel drive cannot prevent collisions or provide enhanced traction in all conditions. Always monitor traffic and weather conditions. Towing capacity varies by configuration. See Nissan Towing Guide and Owner's manual for additional information. Always secure cargo.


Seeing our communities grow and thrive is something we care deeply about here at Black Tech Green Money State Farm Insurance also cares about the growth of black communities. They're actively investing in programs and initiatives that help provide financial literacy, give early career advice, and grow black-owned businesses. Thus leading to generational wealth, which helps protect the future of our communities. We wanna build a future that we all can be proud of. State Farm understands that representation alone doesn't equate to authenticity. It also requires active sponsorship of programs like the Axo, a year long program that recognizes and rewards high school students for their academic and cultural achievements along with funding programs like Project Ready. A National Urban League program committed to educational achievement of black and brown youth that has awarded over $11 million in scholarship offers to date State Farm believes that being better neighbors creates better communities and can have a long lasting impact. Like a good neighbor. State Farm is there.


Are you still keeping your cash in a traditional savings account? If so, you could be earning more, much more. In fact, at public dot com's high yield cash account, you could be earning an industry leading 5.1% a PY. There are no fees or balance requirements and you can access your cash whenever you want. Plus you get up to 5 million FDIC insurance. In other words, you can earn 5.1% a PY with the flexibility and security you deserve. It's time to take your cash out of a traditional savings account. It's time to take advantage of one of the industry's best interest rates. There are no fees, period. And you get up to 5 million FDIC insurance start earning 5.1% a PY on yourCash@public.com. 5.1% a PY as of 5 21. Subject to change. All investing involves risk of loss. Brokerage services offered by public investing Inc. Member fin rent, S-I-P-I-C, not a bank. See public.com/disclosures for more


It's Lee come key. Welcome back to the Lee Kung key request line. Ready for something with a kick that's still smooth. Talk about a hot time at dinner time. Crisscross. This is America's number one. Spicy. Spicy and non GMO verified sriracha. It's the sriracha slide coming at you from Lee. Come key, turn it out. Sriracha slide on over to sriracha love.com to check it out. Sriracha real smooth


On the, on the steps at a train station in Brooklyn. Right? So I, I don't know if he was high drunk or just tired, but he was just laying on the steps. Knocked out at the train station. Now he wasn't just knocked out, he was laying on the steps fast asleep and You know he had his pants sagging a little bit and so something was sticking outta his pants. Okay, what you look though? What you looking at me like that for? I'm listening to your story again though. You got a little smirk on your face gag. Okay, finish the story. That shouldn't even make you smile. Finish the story, right? This man was just laying there passed out on the steps. You know pants hanging off him a little bit and something was just sticking out his pants. 6:40 AM in the morning, kids walking by, older people out and about and he's just laying on the steps, passed out with something, sticking out his pants.


So police officers approached him on the stairs and asked him if he's all right, you good? Okay. Then he started to wake up You. know what I'm saying? Then one officer quickly grabbed, quickly grabbed, okay, this hard black thing that was sticking out his pants and the NYPD news tweeted out true story. It doesn't get much easier than this, okay? Alright. I'm not making none of this up, okay? The NYPD tweeted out, it doesn't get much easier than this. All right man. Passed out on the step 6:40 AM hard black thing, sticking out his pants and If. you think that thing was anything but a gun then you have been spending too much time on PornHub.


Okay? This man, Lawrence Costa, who the police say they are familiar with, fell asleep on a staircase at a train station with an illegally possessed and loaded firearm just exposed in his waistband. It's the thing Lawrence had a hoodie on. I keep telling y'all, I don't understand this. Wearing hoodies and sweatshirts in the summer, okay? And If, you wearing the poy mask in the summer, you deserve to be stopped and frisked. Okay? That's not no type of profiling If. you wearing a ski mask and a hoodie when it's a hundred and hell outside, you just look suspicious. And this dude Lawrence is wearing a hoodie sleep on the train station steps with a gun just sticking out his waistband jackpot. Okay, Lawrence, God wanted you to go to prison.


Yes, he was saving you from yourself. You was on the way to doing something extremely stupid that was gonna cause you to really hurt someone and land you in prison forever. Now you're probably gonna get some decent prison time because you got charged with criminal possession in the second degree. Criminal possession in the third degree, criminal possession in the fourth degree, and local law violence. I don't even know what local law violence is, but you going to prison for it, okay? And this Lawrence is an opportunity for you to get your life in order. Get your soul right. Okay? Prison ain't for everybody, but it's for you, okay? I mean, you was clearly trying to be there. You got caught with your pants down literally. And in the waistband of those pants was a Glock. Okay? You got a Glock next to your, now you unlock, you got a Glock next to you.


It was cocked. Now you unlock Eminem bars. Okay? Nothing left to see here. Folks. Please give Lawrence Costa the sweet sounds of the Hamiltons Of the day. The doggy of the day. And If, you think I'm lying about the tweet? Just go look at it. At NYP news, it doesn't get much easier than this. While conducting a station inspection, your NYPD transit officers observed a male sleeping on the staircase with a firearm and clear view officers wasted no time recovering the gun and let him continue his nap in the holding cells.


You imagine being on your way to go drop a body and you just take A nap. Gotta take a little nap before you go bur somebody real quick, Little tired Sleep. As soon as I wake up I'm gonna go kill us. Alright? Alright. Lemme get this nap first though, You. know what I'm saying? It's Fresh. Alright, well thank you for that donkey today. Now when we come back, 805 8 5 1 0 5 1 earlier a young lady named Kim, she called and this is what she said. And I came from a single parent household. Yeah. Just a mama or just a daddy. Which one? Just a mother. And my mama was a piece of work. I don't stand a chance in a relationship. All I heard, damn, all my life is I boss.


I'm good looking because I'm from brother all. I'm good looking. You got a man now? No, I'm looking for a man, but ain't nobody gonna deal with this. And my mother was an alcoholic. See alcoholic And, I don't even Drink. See that? I love people that know they self. She say ain't nobody gonna deal with this. Yeah, See, well that question is, Hold on. First of all, drop on a clues bombs. We love a self aware queen. She said ain't nobody going to deal with this. She didn't do You. know the level of honesty it takes to look in the mirror. That's true. And know yourself enough to know that ain't nobody going to deal with this. Or how many ain't that? That's the, that's the most honest woman in The. World Ain't no, ain't no, ain't no other woman that honest. She Might have to be honest. It might be all the rejections she got, But it's everybody.


They'll blame it on everybody else though. They, they'll keep getting rejected by all these men and blaming it on the men. It Gets to a point where it's the man fault. Its the man's the fault. It gets to the point where you gotta look. It's right. I love herself away. Queen. I feel like she been new that something was wrong with her because I, she was talking like she just, it came from my mother. Damn. She, she knew. She knows. She Said ain't nobody gonna deal with that. Jess open the phone lines. I need to know if it's more, more, more queens out here like her. I don't believe it is. 805 8 5 1 0 5 1. Do you have some red flags that you bel that you bring to relationship and You know it's you? It's you. Can you look in the mirror and say ain't nobody gonna deal with this 805 8 5 1 0 5 1 ear.


Earlier you were saying you had some friends that that No, I just know some people up there that work up here. Why you Looking over there? I ain't looking over nowhere. All right. I just want s can you, is it you Sidd or is it Taylor? Is it you? Damn, that's Two sim. Is it you? That's three McKayla. You ain't here but is it you 4 805? I know they ain't, That's what he said. He said they got their own red flags. That's Say That's what he said. That's the reason they ain't got no man. He said it's damn man ain't gotta Look in the mirror. Jess know that 805 8 5 1 0 5 1. We're talking about ladies, do you bring red flags to a relationship and you gotta look in the mirror and say it's me. You know it's me. Ain't nobody going to deal with that.


That's what I'm talking about. Damn man. I love self-awareness. I love self-awareness. I'm gonna hug y'all all when we Take a break. Self-awareness. It's The, Breakfast. Club. Good morning The. Breakfast Club. Morning everybody. It's DJ Envy. Jess. Hilarious. Charlemagne the guy. We are The Breakfast. Club. If you're just joining us, if you're just tuning in, a young lady named Kim called Early today from Brooklyn, a self-aware queen. Don't just say a young lady from Kim that was a self-aware queen. Okay? A self-aware queen. Yes. Was talking about how sometimes she has to point the finger at herself in a relationship. If, you Always point the finger at yourself. And. I Came from a single parent household. Yeah, just a mama or just a daddy. Which one? Just A mother. My mama was a piece of work.


I don't stand a chance in a relationship. All I heard all my life is I, I'm good looking because I'm from Brooklyn. All You got a man now? No, I'm for a man. Ain't nobody gonna And I love people that know they self. She said ain't nobody gonna deal with this. Yeah. See why. What if it ain't you? What you talking About? We never want to admit it's us. That's why self-awareness is so important. Don't generalize that. Don't we Just About It's stop making stuff draw general. No self-awareness is very important Now. No, no, no, no, no. It's matter of fact. Self-awareness is actually the only thing that can help you in life, period.


It is very hard to look in the mirror and admit that you are your issue. Now Charlemagne also talked about possibly there's some women up here that might be dealing with the same Situation. Now, lemme tell you what I like to do. I like to stir up water to catch piss. You used the exact word I said possibly. I ain't say it was right. I said possibly. And then I asked some questions of the people here. I said, Sid, can you be self-aware and say, ain't nobody gonna deal with that. Correct? I said, Taylor, can you be self-aware and say ain't nobody gonna deal with that. Right? I shouted out Mikayla and said, Mikayla, can you be self-aware? Correct. Ain't nobody gonna deal with that. Said him too. Yes. And then You know. I ain't gonna say who the hit dogs were, but huh. But I will, I will say this. I can tell Taylor ran track when she was in high school because she got in this room so fast and busted that for no reason.


You ran track for no reason. Didn't ask me a question, so I came to answer you. Okay? Okay. So can you look in the mirror and be self aware? And? I'm self aware. And, I said, Wait, wait, wait. Hold on. Let me introduce you. Taylor is one of our producers up here. Taylor, you, she comes Ane she comes from a two parent household. My daddy, daddy's girl. So Taylor, what did you think about what Charlemagne said? That possibly could be you or a relationship. He don't even know you like that. He don't know If. you got a man in wh or what You got, he doesn't know. But I said it is, it is me for the most of the part because these guys don't go to my, or go to my, they don't limit up to my standard. So you say it is you? Yeah. 'cause I don't, I don't have time for the little boy stuff. And that's why I feel like a lot of guys keep coming with, Well, that's not what I'm talking about Now Taylor, I have helped you before.


No You haven't, Jeff. We Yes I have. Remember you called me several times. You know And. I called you and it's because you didn't know your worth before. Remember? Oh my God, that is not I Know your worth. Same guys. Damn You came from a two-parent household saying orange Because that's not what's happening. You didn't know your were Y'all are crazy. But that's not what we were talking about. That young lady that called said, ain't nobody going to deal with this. Right. So she not saying that she's looking for somebody to rise to her standards. She just know she has, she yeah, she got issues and she ain't nobody gonna deal with that. That's what I'm talking about. But everyone has issues, bro. I was having a conversation with somebody else earlier this weekend. It was a guy actually, and he said that he knows he has to do the work.


Mm. In order for him to have the relationship that he wants to have with his, his the mother of his child. That's a self-aware person. I respect self-awareness. Well, We Have you ever been self-aware? Exactly. All the time. All the time. I don't, I don't blame nobody for nothing. Anything don't work out in my life. Relationships, career, whatever. I go to me first because at the end of the day, I'm the only person that gotta deal with the issue. Yeah. But it it, but in every situation, it doesn't have to be you. What Do you mean? If there's something that's going wrong in your career or a relationship, it doesn't necessarily have to be you all The time, but I like to start with me first. I to, I like to make sure that, okay, let me see what I didn't do correctly. I wanna make sure I check off everything I need to check off before I go pointing a finger at other people.


None doesn't, don't nobody do that. Doesn't seem, I know some real badly built women, this guy who swear de not attracted to them because it Huh? You're being delusional. I know some real badly built women Is going to dieline. Hold on one more thing though, Jeff. Hold on. You ever seen a badly built woman? Yes. And they swear ain't no man out there for them. Yes, But they don't never look in the mirror naked at themselves. Yo, Let's go to see Why men don't like them. I'm Go to the corner. Why did you sit Everybody on my 400 pound Life. Everybody on my four pound life got somebody waiting on them to die.


Collect the life insurance. That's what that's about. My Lord. See you just saying. It Says physical. It should always be Physical. Yeah. Good Forward. Hey Lord, I'm sorry you had to see here behind the scenes stuff. Lauren. Now Lauren, it says here that you're very clingy and that's and that's your problem. Okay? Yes. So like, I mean I'm, I'm married now, but I'm like, If, you go take me back. I care If you at work. I don't care what you doing. If. you you gonna take me back and like two hours? Yeah. You gonna the paragraph In two hours. And I. I'm gonna be snapping. I'm gonna be telling my friends if like, I don't know what he doing. Like my assumptions go crazy.


I my imagination when you don't answer the phone or you can take me back. Go crazy. You do that to your husband now? Yeah. What if he at work? It doesn't matter. You've been texting me at work. Why you not texting me now? Wow. And this is the thing. She found somebody that could deal with that. Them other niggas wasn't dealing with that. Yeah. That's so that's why she married him. Okay. Well thank you Laura. Yeah. We, I mean, but we, we've been together since our teenage years. I'm 30 about be 33 tomorrow. So happy birthday to me. Oh yeah. If I would be on Instagram Roommate. All right. Have a nice day. See you later. Have a good day. Have a good day, y'all. You're always worried about the wrong thing. Y'all always worried about the wrong damn thing. Riri. Yeah. Now it says here that your red flag is you don't know how to listen to men.


Look at These self away Queen up that talk lady. Go ahead. Personally, once I feel disrespected, then I don't listen correctly. And I don't respond well. So when you're in an argument and you feel like he's disrespected in the argument, you just turn him off Basically. Or I don't give him an actual answer of how I really feel or I just shut down and walk Away. Give us an example of the last time that happened. The last time that happened. Okay, so he was telling me about myself. Okay. Rightfully so. He wasn't, he wasn't completely wrong. He, he wasn't. I just felt like it wasn't a time or place to tell me about myself when our argument And I walked away.


See, don't nobody ever want to hear the truth. I'm telling you, when you hold that mirror up to people Yeah. To goodbye Riri, people do not wanna look in that mirror. It's gonna take one more until we Take some more somebody in the come and say, yeah, she's very riri. Now. Now, now. Shea. Shea, you believe every man and woman wants to sleep with you? Yeah. That's my toxic trait. And look, to be honest with you, on a one to 10, I'm a smooth seven. But I really like my bosses and him all joke about it because I be like, You know that's the problem. Come on, gimme your Instagram right now. Listen to me be the judge of all of this. This His ass. How tall are you?


Shea? What's your Instagram? I'm, I'm, I'm five two, but I pick a five nine. What is your Instagram? How much do you weigh Shea? One 15. I'm not even Big envy. I know we've been doing radio a long time. You don't have to ask these questions no more. Just tell her to Instagram so she can give it to us so we can look at our Alright. Shay, what your Instagram? She's trying to give it to you Beautifully. Flog Creole. Okay. Beautifully. How you spell beautifully? B-A-U-T-I-F. Beautifully What? Flawed. Beautifully under floored. Flawed under Creole Underscore Flawed Creole. Yes. Hold on. Flawed. I don't see that beautifully flawed Creole. Yeah. Underscore Creole.


Beautifully Flawed. You gotta tell it. Let me see. Oh, I see It. You Got dreadlocks? Yeah. Yes, I have Locks. Okay. Everybody don't wanna sleep with you. You, you good? You you good looking though? Oh, thank you. Yeah, it Could, it could be a personality Too. I don't act on, but that's my toxic trait. You smoke a lot. I do. Yeah. I can tell. We Can see You can smoke a lot. You can smoke. I don't see no smoke on your page, but I can just tell you got that. You got that tent around your mouth. I do. Jesus Christ, my Girl That, but listen, she at home. She probably that home girl. That's so cool. Yeah, everybody wants You. know what I'm saying? Oh look. What? And she down the smash. Look what the name of her kids are. Jess. What? Look at it. Oh, mother of Trinity and Marley. Okay.


Say What that supposed to mean. You Probably, I'm naming my daughter Marley. Yeah, just naming her daughter Marley. Okay. Yeah. So is Eva like me? Eva picked daughter name is Marley Rain. And my son name is Marley Rain. Yeah, I just, we I'm, I just, I just, I'm just here to tell you every man and woman ain't trying to sleep with you. I just wanna put that out there. Thank, thank you. Yeah. Yeah. Okay. Anything else you need to know? It's her personality. Oh, shell flirt. She be You know. You Could tell she use a lot of filters. 'cause like some of the pictures don't look. Hello? The same. She be throwing herself out there. Oh, red dropped it Red. Why you hung up on her salute? The be flawed Creole. Creole. What? All right. 805.


8 5 1 0 5 1. That's a lot of self-aware Queens calling. I cannot believe this. This morning. This is new. We're asking ladies, do you know that you're the problem? Right? Can you figure out that you are the problem in the situation and the reason that you are single? That's what We're asking a lot of, a lot. I'm, I'm shocked that so many women are calling up here. Well, we'll take some more calls. I'm surrounded by so many delusional women that it's just hard to know that it's actually women out there who can be self-Aware. It's The Breakfast Club Gamar. I am not talking about you. Taylor. Taylor. Why am I talking about you? You The Breakfast Club. We are The Breakfast Club. If you're just joining us, A young lady by the name of Kim she called today. Yes.


And she said that she is the reason that she's single. She's the reason that she has problems in the relationships. And this is what she said. And I came from a single parent household. Yeah. Just a mama or just a daddy. Which one? Just, just a mother. And my mama was a piece of work. I don't stand a chance in a relationship. All I heard all my life. I'm good looking because I'm from Brooklyn all the time of You got a man now. No. Are you looking for are are you, do you have that? Do you have I'm For, I'm looking for a man, but ain't nobody gonna deal with this. And my mother was an alcoholic. See And. I Don't even drink. See, I love people that know they stuff. She said ain't nobody gonna deal with this.


Yeah. See, I wish I got a bunch of homegirls I wish would look in the mirror and say the same thing Now. (800) 585-1051. We're asking for your phone calls. And is there women out there that know that they're the problems? And we want to hear from You. We love a self-aware Queen You know and, and all I said in this room this morning, I asked a simple question to some of the young ladies up here. Can you have that level of self-awareness and acknowledge when it's you And for whatever reason I'm being attacked this morning. All I did was ask a question. No, You triggered Taylor. Yo, why? I told you I've Helped her plenty time. Said you gas Taylor. And she's, I'm helping her. She's in therapy. Like, don't do that. Why? Understand Taylor is yelling at me going crazy. I don't understand what I did.


Excuse me. Well, well Two, well I'm on the live right now. Carmel underscore Latha said I got too much mouth for no reason. That's my Problem. See what I'm saying? Juicy Misfit said, look, I'm the problem. It's me. Juicy, misfit. Yes. God damn. I know a size 16 when I hear it. Somebody said, Taylor, calm down. You seem like you're triggered. Oh, I'm always Triggered all the time by this Man. That is not True. Then Carra said, I am single because I am too accepting of men who don't have it together. But I picked them and then put them down even more when they don't meet my expectations. God damn. That's It. Alright, well let's go to the phone lines. We got more people on the line.


Hello. Who's this? Mary? Hey Mary. You sound good Morning. Good morning, Y'all. You sound crazy the way you just say your name Mary. I'm just saying it is what it is. Talk to me, Mary. Why, why are you a self aware queen? Yes, I am. And I. Let people know I have a disclaimer when you mess with me. So before we get together, I'll let You know I'm liable to delete your thing. You know, cut You know. Cut up your clothes. If, you do wrong. I call. Once you hit this, we together and these are the stipulations. And most men still go for It. Now Mary, I think you need to change your therapist. 'cause you said on, on here it says you'll bleach your man's clothes, you'll cut his tires and you'll burn his ish. But you're in therapy working on yourself. Yeah, she's working on herself.


Give her a minute. I'm I'm trying to be better than me because I don't listen. I've been, I've been, I've been arrested for before. And, I don't ever wanna go back to jail. I respect you. So I respect you, queen. So knowing that You know it could land me somewhere, but I also tell people like, yo, don't do me wrong. We good? We could rock out. I got you. But the minute you disrespect me or make me feel this type way, these are the, these are the consequences. It happens. You know why I'm not mad at you because you are giving men stipulations. You telling them what it is. Nah, but see, but most of them still mess with me. That's the crazy part 'cause they want to hit. But what does a therapist do when her family is the one who needs help? Seek therapy. Of course.


Don't miss the new season of the Hulu Comedy Unprisoned starring Carrie Washington and Delroy Lindo with a father out of prison. A son with growing anxiety and a therapy practice in serious trouble. Kerry Washington's page is determined to pull our family back together. Nothing is uncomplicated on Unprisoned, especially family. Would they be freed from the generational issues and old wounds holding them back? John Stamos guest stars is an unorthodox, radical healing coach who goes toe to toe with Paige. As family secrets come out. Can Paige and her crew move forward? Get ready for a new season of raw comedy and heartfelt connection on imprisoned. All episodes are now screaming only on Hulu.


Hibernation season is over and it's time to get some sun outside. Gather your crew and hit the road in the spacious 2024 Nissan Pathfinder your getaway to larger than life adventures with spacious seating for eight and available panoramic moonroof. Everyone can enjoy the journey and soak in the scenery of the Great Outdoors Bus with an available toing capacity of up to 6,000 pounds. And an available intelligent four-wheel drive feature with seven drive modes. You can take your favorite toys while victory on new terrains. Seize the thrill, and start exploring with the 2024 Nissan Pathfinder today. Head over to Nissan usa.com to learn more intelligent All-Wheel Drive cannot prevent collisions or provide enhanced traction in all conditions. Always monitor traffic and weather conditions. Towing capacity varies by configuration. See Nissan Towing Guide and Owner's manual for additional information. Always secure cargo.


Seeing our communities grow and thrive is something we care deeply about here at Black Tech Green Money State. Farm Insurance also cares about the growth of black communities. They're actively investing in programs and initiatives that help provide financial literacy, give early career advice, and grow black-owned businesses. Thus leading to generational wealth, which helps protect the future of our communities. We wanna build a future that we all can be proud of. State Farm understands that representation alone doesn't equate to authenticity. It also requires active sponsorship of programs like the Axo, a year long program that recognizes and rewards high school students for their academic and cultural achievements along with funding programs like Project Ready. A National Urban League program committed to educational achievement of black and brown youth that has awarded over $11 million in scholarship offers to date State Farm believes that being better neighbors creates better communities and can have a long lasting impact. Like a good neighbor, State Farm is there


With public dot com's high yield cash account. You can grow your cash in an industry leading 5.1% a PY. There are no fees, subscriptions, minimums, or maximums. Just 5.1% interest on your cash. That means you can grow your cash with 5.1% interest with no strings attached. It's as simple as that. Again, that's 5.1% interest with no fees. 5.1% interest with no subscription. 5.1% interest with no minimums or maximums. 5.1% interest with up to 5 million FDIC insurance. Just 5.1% interest. Straight up, no strings attached. Sign up today@public.com. 5.1% a PY as of 5 21. Subject to change. All investing involves risk of loss. Brokerage services offered by Public Investing Inc. Member FINRA and S-I-P-I-C, not a bank. See public.com/disclosures for more.


It's Lee come key. Welcome back to the Lee. Come key request line. Ready for something with a kick that's still smooth. Talk about a hot time at dinnertime crisscross. This is America's number one spicy mayo and non GMO verified sriracha. It's the sriracha slide coming at you from Lee. Come key, turn it out. Sriracha slide on over to sriracha love.com to check it out. Sriracha real smooth.


You can't. Yeah, you can't. No, but You know what I could go through they phone passcodes. I have no problem and Chick ain't never ran down on me in the street. No baby mama drama. No girlfriend beats none of that. But see, I feel like she say mama, that when it's going too good, she can't believe it. So she do something to f it up. Like Yeah, because she already looking for, looking For a reason something You. know What I'm saying? Are you that type ma'am? Nope. I listen. If it's good, it's great. We good. I don't have to look for nothing If. you don't gimme no You know. Like no inclination that you doing something. I'll need to do that. Okay. But If, you do And. I catch you. You play with my heart. I'm gonna play with your finances. Damn. Damn. See what I'm saying?


Yeah, sure. You need more therapy. Therapys not working. You might Give her a minute. Give her a minute. It's going. It's going. She Just said you play with me and play with your finance. She burn Your stuff out. Yeah, she's gonna talk about that in therapy later. She'll Be fine. Jesus Christ. All right. What's the moral of the story? Why do you gotta glasses More? Take one more. Because I You know when I hear all these self aware queens, it just puts me in a mood like, damn, you wanna be a queen? I wanna ride to their level You. know what I'm saying? Like take one more. Take one more. Hello? Who's this? Hello, this is Andrea. Hey Andrea. And so we're, we're talking about being self-aware and, and realizing that you're the problem. Yes. I do realize a lot of the times I am the problem. Oh my God. God is so good. Tell tell me more, man. What do You do? I am first of all an older woman.


So I realize that I'm not dating very much because when I start dating it lasts for a little bit and then they just ghost me for the most part. But I realized that I am stubborn. And. I am extremely And. I mean extremely. Which I should be embarrassed to say that I'm very selfish. Mm. How old are you? You said you older. How old? I'm 55. That Ain't really that old. That's young. 55. Now when you say selfish and selfish, it's Young, but I mean mean trying to, wanting to meet someone and be in a relationship for the long haul. Like for the rest of my life. Uhuh, you can't, I don't want to date a man with birds, turtles, animals, dogs, cats. Because I want, at this age of my life, I want all of his time outside of work and close friends.


Where you calling from? And his Family. Where you calling from? He not you from Orlando? No, I'm from Houston. Houston. Okay. All right. Well Thank you Andrea. Yeah. I don't know what to tell you. I'm not. You welcome. Yeah. I'm not gonna sit there and lie to you and date. I Dunno what To tell you. Yeah. I don't wanna lie to you and tell you gonna find him. Really, I'm working on not being selfish. That's what I'm trying to do. But I still don't wanna date a man with animals. 'cause he needs to be spontaneous. And. I like to go and If you tell me you gotta go let your dog out. I'm gonna be upset. What about With them? You don't want no animals. What about a man with kids? Because at 55 he's probably gonna find somebody with kids. They probably grown, but still They, they, they do need to be grown. Very grown. Okay. All right. Well good luck. Thank Lord have mercy. What's The more of the story? Yo, somebody say when that girl said Mary, you should have hung up on I'm inspired.


I'm inspired by the level of self-awareness that I heard in these women this morning. And I. Hope that that self-awareness can be contagious and You know. Maybe spread to this studio a little bit You. know what I'm saying? That's All. You look crazy. What in The, World are those glasses that you're wearing right now? I don't know, but it's giving Charlene, It's definitely giving Charlene. I don't know what he identifies as right now. I identify as a self away king. Okay. All alright. Anything else you Get to work on? Yes, south. I've Done the work on myself. Any, any, anything else? Taylor? Huh? Taylor, do you have any closing remarks? No. Exactly. See, I know, I know. No, no, no. I know my worth.


And that's why I am still single to this day. Yep. She is. I helped her find her word. But let me, Let me, yes. Let me just tell y'all. Taylor's in the gym. She's planning a vacation in December and she gonna find herself a man, a good African man. Right? You going Africa, right? I am, but I don't hopefully He's also more Americanized. No offense. Yeah, she means circumcised. What? What did I tell you? That's what she means when she said Americanized. She means circumcised. Okay. All Right. Don't say no offense And I tell you stop putting out disclaimers. Taylor. That's If. you don't do that. Just say what you like. That's right. You prefer what's In. I hate it.


If. you wanna circumcised African man. Speak that into existence. Put that on your vision board. We got just with the mess coming. Okay. You wanna circumcise African? Man? I don't see the problem. Jess. We got just with the mess coming up. Yeah. Find out when we come back. Yo. All right, Mr. The. Breakfast. Club come more Just Robin Moore. Just don't do no lie. Don't do. She Don't spare nobody, nobody On The, Breakfast Club. She's a cultureship. She was able to get y'all to see something and understand something that nobody could get you to see. It's time to set it on Tesla recall.


Okay. So Tesla is recalling more than 1.8 million vehicles of a hood because of a hood issue that could increase the risk of a crash. So the hood latch assembly may fail to detect an unlatched hood after it has been opened. Oh my God. Real quick. Y'all not gonna realize. I mean, y'all, y'all called me dumb. Whatever. Listen, why I thought they was recalling them because of issues that they, that people was having in the hood with them. Know the hood of Forget it. Okay. I just see why you was saying that. Yeah, Yeah. You know. 'cause just listen. Not really, but I'm not gonna let my sister be done by herself. Okay. Thank you. Listen, they said Tesla is recalling more than 1.8 million vehicles because of a hood issue. You thought it was the hood.


I'm with you. They was in in Baltimore. Yeah, they Was stealing them You. know what I'm saying? Everybody was stealing them. Like You know if y'all gonna keep stealing them, we just gonna take 'em all away. I'm with you. Shut up. I'm with you. So, But anyway, an un unleashed hood can fully open when the vehicle is in motion, potentially obstructing the driver's view and increasing the likelihood of a crash. Tesla's in the hood are good then. Yeah. The Tesla's in the hood. Yeah. Y'all can see where y'all keep riding them. Y'all Okay. Okay. Cool. Cool. Keep sealing them. Yes. So Tesla began investigating customer complaints about the issue on model three and model y vehicles in China. March 26th by, I'm sorry, March 25th by mid-April, they identify the issue as a latch switch.


Defor defamation or deformation Get in formation. Tesla's currently unaware. That's the Beyonce customized Tesla D four O let get in de formation. Yes. Okay. So yeah. So they're recalling some 21 to 24 model threes, model S, model X and the 2020 to 2024 model y cars. So Tesla hasn't made any additional comments on the recall, but that's a lot of cars, y'all. 1.8 million. Ugh. I, I always say anyway, like I, and at one point my son wanted me to get one of them. I was like, I cannot, it's like driving a computer. Like I cannot do that. I can't trust son.


I don't even trust. It's like driving a computer. Yeah. I don't know. You know. Computers shut down. They freeze. They, I'd be so scared to drive these like electric Cars. They they're pretty dope. Saves you a lot on gas. And they're smooth riding. I, I like them. I love how many charging stations I see for them. 'cause a lot of these, yep, they, that's one thing that they got down charging stations. Because remember I had that Mercedes, y'all And, I could not find a charging station. Like And I was driving back to New Jersey. New Jersey from Baltimore. I, I had the same issue. I had to buy an adapter. They have an adapter that you could actually plug it in at a Tesla station. It's like a little adapter. I had to, I had to, I had to buy. But This is a loaner. They need to give it To you.


Oh. I still, I still have a loaner. It's just a loaner. I, I've had that loaner for five months. I still got that loaner. Oh, my car is finally finished today. But anyway, that's another issue. Boy, Jesus. Anyway, yeah. Usher announces concert film. So Usher shared a post to his Instagram announcing his partnership with a MC, theaters distribution, Trafalgar releasing and Sony Music Vision. His concert film, usher Rendezvous in Paris, will hit global theaters from September 12th to September 15th. Drop a clues bond for said I'm gonna get all this money. I'm ready to, did he ever speak of retiring at all? I Don't. I feel like he doing a lot before he just sit down.


I mean, the beauty of it is You know what he's done in Vegas is so amazing. Amazing. So it's just like why retire? You could just do that for the rest of your life. If, you want to. Right. I know, but And it's always sold out. You're right. Yeah. Yeah. But I remember when we had him up, when we had him on You know, he was saying like, family is like, he really liked to spend time with his kids. Right. His wife and stuff like that. So I just wondered if he doing all this before he finally sit down. I feel like Usher made Vegas sexy again. You know what I mean? Because there used to be a time when you would think of Vegas acts and you'd be like, oh, that's where you go. And it's like over, right? Yeah. But it's like, nah. He made it to where you can still be You know very much alive in this, in this business and go there and make it fly.


Like I I and there's so many people. Yeah, there's new in now. Jodeci there now us. I saw, I dunno if it's true, but they were talking about Beyonce supposed to be doing like some big a residency. That'd be dope. Las Vegas residency. I didn't hear that though. But that would be Dope. That's what's up. That would be dope. That would be dope. But tickets go on sale for Usher's concert film August sixth@usherinparis.com and it will be available in 2000 cinemas worldwide. Okay. Yep, yep, yep. And lastly, JT speaks on being an artist in prison. So she sat down with million dollars worth of game. Our guys, Gilly and Wallo. Shout out to them. Happy Born Day Gilly. Did they Gilly born day actually. Yeah. Oh yeah. Happy birthday Gil to Gilly. Yep. Yep. She reflected on continuing to write songs while she was in prison.


That's what she said. Was there somebody in there that when you would write your raps you was kicking, You would grab 'em too? Yeah, they, my white friend, her name Caitlyn put me hard on her. Wait, Hold on Outta hold. The in jail, the white girl was your a and r? Yeah, She was my a and R. Okay, okay. Okay. It was my a r Kailyn. Kailyn was Right that over Shit. No, she know Kailyn. We'll be up at like three o'clock in the morning. Yeah. She's like, can I hear you rap? I'm like, no. So she's like, please, please, please. So I finally let her hear me rap. And then we will, I'll go all night. Like every day, every day, every day press. So She give you feedback like, no, don't say that. Do You see this? Hell nah. She used to tell me that she used to be with it heavy. 'cause it used to be good. Okay.


Yeah. All Right. That's what's up. I messed with that. That's real cool. Shout out to Kaitlyn You. know. So that's just with the mess, y'all. Thank you Jess. You are welcome. All right. What happened just now? The pregnancy brain? No, I'm having a contraction. Oh, You're having a contraction. Oh, okay. You know just 10 days away from that baby. Breathe. Breathe. 10 days away. So So that really mean any moment. One Yeah. And three and four. Oh. Envy shot. We waiting to see what's gonna happening now. You right. I know. Yeah. I'm good, Man. If you water break on the air. That'd be Crazy. That'd be amazing. Period. Nope. Aint had You ain't had that in a minute.


We just waiting comfortably. Have a blessed day Just to see People's Choice. Mixes up next breakfast. You wanna, I wanna see You're checking out. The. Breakfast, Club. Morning everybody. It's Djj Envy. Jess. Hilarious. Charlamagne the guy. We are The Breakfast. Club. Now Charlamagne. Yesterday somebody called up and said they wanted to talk to you about, I guess you had a, a Black Men Think event they went to and they were talking about that. No, I didn't have that event. I was a guest at the Black Men Think Tank in Cincinnati, Ohio this past Saturday. Yeah. So salute everybody who came out there. I gave away copies of my new book. Get Honest to Die Line. They had bought a bunch of copies to give to everybody who was in attendance. And it was just a good event, man. You know what I mean? A bunch of brothers out there, You know, You know, talking about vulnerabilities, talking about our mental health.


Like I always say, the reason I love what they're doing, black men think Tank is because they created a safe space for men just to have conversations. You know there is no safe space for black men to You know, have conversations with each other. You know and have conversations about the things that we, that we go through. So yeah. I was there Saturday in Cincinnati Solu to everybody who came up. Absolutely. All right. Well Came out rather, When we come back, we got the positive note and more. So don't move us. The. Breakfast. Club. Good morning. Morning everybody. It's CJ Envy. Just hilarious. Charlamagne the guy We are The. Breakfast. Club. Jess, you all right? Yeah. I'm okay. Contractions getting worse. Hell yeah, they're getting worse. It's almost time. It's more Time. It might be the day then.


I know, I know. Have we, we need to talk about what you gonna do when we on maternity leave, but probably now's not the time, right? Not while she's having contractions. Yeah. I need, I I I thought about this yesterday because I'm like, damn, what if Jess had the baby in the next couple of days and we ain't even playing out. What we gonna do while she on maternity leave? Yeah. 'cause I love you Jess, but I ain't doing rumors. I ain't talking about who's dating, who, who's breaking up with who, who's do cheating on who? I ain't doing that. So Who you want to come in? Yeah. Lauren Rooster can come in here. That's Oh, that's okay. All right. Yeah, she can You hear what Justice said? She's good. She's good with You. know her Brown girl Grinding. She's her network. She's good with finding stories.


Finding details. She know what she talking about all the time. She do her research. So I, I definitely like Lauren LaRosa for sure. You hear that, Lauren? Alright, Well you got a positive. Yes. The positive note is simply this man, I want y'all to remember. I don't have to, okay. I really want y'all to think about that. One thing that I came to peace with in 2024 is I don't have to, I don't have to go outta my way. I don't have to be the bigger person or try to maintain relationships. I don't have to fix anything. I didn't break. I don't have to reach out to those who don't reach out to me. I don't have to support those who don't support me. I don't have to try to make everybody happy. Okay? Y'all have a blessed day. Breakfast Club Bitches. Do. I'm finish or y'all done?


Are you still keeping your cash in a traditional savings account? If so, you could be earning more, much more@public.com. You can earn 5.1% a PY on your cash. No fees, no minimums public.com lets you access your cash whenever and gives you up to 5 million FDIC coverage. Earn 5.1% a PY on yourCash@public.com. 5.1% A PY is a 5 21 subject to change. All investing involves risk of loss. Brokerage services offered by Public Investing Inc. Member Fin Rent, S-I-P-I-C, not a bank see public.com/disclosures For more


High icons, it's Paris Hilton. Check out my new single chasin featuring Megan Trainor out today. I feel so lucky to collaborate with Megan and how perfectly she put my experience into words. Listen to Chasin from my new album, infinite Icon on iHeartRadio or wherever you stream music. Don't forget to visit infinite icon.com to pre save my album sponsored by 1111. Media


Zero Foxtrot isn't just a brand, it's a way of life. Founded and operated by veterans. Zero Foxtrots unique apparel and gear echoes the grit of the warrior culture. Zero. Foxtrot dedicates itself to producing content, honoring the sacrifices of forgotten heroes of the past, and connecting history to the present. Embark on a journey with Zero Foxtrot today@zerofoxtrot.com. It's not merely our products. It's about the ethos that we embody, rugged, resilient, and timeless.


For 25 years, BrightView Senior, Living Associates have been committed to creating a vibrant culture and delivering exceptional services, making BrightView a great place to work and live. If you're looking for a rewarding opportunity to serve your local community and grow, we want you to join our team. BrightView Senior Living is growing and actively seeking vibrant associates to join our community teams, including directors, healthcare activities, hospitality and dining. Apply today at careers dot BrightView. Senior Living dot com. Equal employment opportunities. Text BV Jobs to 9 7 2 1 1 To apply


If, you are a smoker or dipper looking to make a change. You really only need one reason to do it. But with Zen nicotine pouches, you can find many. Zen is America's number one nicotine pouch. It's made with only six simple ingredients. Plus Zen is the only nicotine pouch with a 10 day hassle-free trial. There are lots of options when it comes to nicotine satisfaction, but there's only one Zinn. Find yours in online or in a store near you at zinn.com/find. Warning. This product contains nicotine. Nicotine is an addictive chemical.