(2s):
Hi, I am Marie and I'm Sydnee. And we're mess. Well, not a mess, but on our podcast called Mess. We celebrate all things messy, but the gag is not everything is a mess. Sometimes it's just living. Yeah. Things like J-Lo on her third. Divorce, living Girls Trip to Miami Mess. Breaking up with your girlfriend while on Instagram Live living, it's kind of mess. Yeah. Well, you get it. Got it. Live. Love mess. Listen to Mess with Sydnee, Washington and Marie Foin on iHeartRadio. App, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcast.

(42s):
Hey guys, I'm Kate Maxx. You might know me from my popular online series, the Running Interview Show where I run with celebrities, athletes, entrepreneurs, and more. After those runs, the conversations keep going. That's what my podcast Post Run High is all about. It's a chance to sit down with my guests and dive even deeper into their stories, their journeys, and the thoughts that arise once we've hit the pavement together. Listen to Post Run High on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts.

(1m 18s):
Hey Friends. Hey friends. I'm m Jessica. Capshaw and This is Camilla Luddington. And We. have a new podcast. call It what It is. you may know us from Graceland Memorial, but Did you Know That We are actually besties in real life? And As all besties do we navigate the highs and lows of life together, big or small? We are there. And now here we are, opening up the Friendship Circle to you. Listen to Call It What It Is on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts.

(1m 49s):
Hey everyone, this is Courtney Thorn Smith, Laura Layton and Daphne Zuniga. On July 8th, 1992, apartment buildings with pools were never quite the same as Melrose Place was introduced to The World. We are going to be reliving every hookup, every scandal, and every single wig removal together. So Listen to still the place on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you listen to podcasts.

(2m 18s):
Hello, my un deadly darlings. It's Theresa, your resident Ghost host. And do I have a treat for you? Haunting is crawling out from the shadows and it's going to be devilishly. Good. We've got chills, thrills and stories that'll make you wish the light stayed on. So Join me, won't you? Let's dive into the Eerie Unknown together. Sleep tight. If you can listen to Haunting on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts.

(2m 51s):
Good morning. USA Yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo, yo yo. Jess is on maternity leave. Lauren. Filling in. What up Lauren? Good morning y'all. Charlemagne Guy. Peace to the planet is Friday. What's happening? How y'all feeling, man? Yes. It's Friday the week in it's head. Dammit. Ain't I don't know why I feel so exhausted this week. Did. I can't wait to sleep. What You mean you don't know? Two Wet went to dc. We didn't sleep in DC. I mean, I mean DC What day was That? Tuesday. Tuesday. It felt like a live, right? It felt like it happened a long time ago. Yeah. Tuesday was exhausting. It was exhausting. I mean, it wasn't, it's not like DC is far You, know what I mean? But it's just the, the, all the energy that I guess we we put out there on Tuesday.

(3m 34s):
Yeah, yeah, yeah. You know being at the election, You know, seeing the VP loose the way she lost. But You know we are here. That's right. Still here. Rise. That's right. And salute to one of our producers. Samantha Sim Sim. She had a birthday party last night. She turned a big three point. Oh Yeah, man. So we were celebrating with her last night. That's, I knew why I was tired. I left early. I was like, I can't do this no more. Y'all better than me. I ain't even go. I'm just gonna give her a card's. Give her a card, a couple dollars. You know what What I'm saying That's real Unc Tiffany's. That's right. Give her a card. A couple dollars. A card with a couple dollars. And the card is real unc at, that's right. Auntie Tiffany's. She was having a party at the club. Like now You know. You know UNC ain't popping up in no club. It was a nice rooftop spot. It was. It was a lot of family there. So it was, it was pretty dope. I got outta there early.

(4m 14s):
Lauren was like, where you going? I was like, I'm gonna the bathroom. Yeah. Then you never see me again. That's so Crazy. 'cause I asked your, your wife and your daughter too. I'm like, where y'all going? Y'all leaving? They was like, no, we're gonna to the bathroom. I looked at they was going outside. That's the move. Oh, we go to the bathroom, be right back. You still alive? I don't tell nobody when I'm leaving. Just in case. That's just, just who. I just You know. Just in case I just be out. Just in case. Somebody trying to look You know. Follow you out. Nope. Car was, was ready downstairs, doors open, gone Chew. I was right after y'all as soon as, and then the bar was like near the exit door. So on the way everybody's like, Lauren re you want a shot? I was like, Uhuh, I'm done. They shot that on Me too. On the way out. Take a shot. Oh, take. Alright, I'm done. That's right. When her actual born day is today. Today. Today. Okay. Well happy day today. Actual Birthday. Happy birthday soon. She sent Happy birthday. Somebody run to the gas. They just for me.

(4m 54s):
Get me a car. Run to the drug store real quick. Run. Run to the drug store for aunt. Get me a little card she took today off, sir. Did You know that? Oh, you just didn't even know you until you wanna see a Monday all Just hit the Cash app. That's right. With a nice little message. Happy birthday. There you go. There you go. All well, let's get the show Crack and we got front page news. Morgan Wood will be joining us. So don't go anywhere. Get your ass up until Friday. It's The, Breakfast Club. Good morning. They not like us. Morning everybody. It's DJ Envy. Jess. Hilarious. Charlemagne the guy. We are The Breakfast. Club on LaRosa. Filling in for Jessa. Let's get in some front page news now. In Thursday night football, Morgan's Ravens beat the Bengals. 35, 34. I heard it was a great game. I didn't see it. Did you watch it Morgan? Man.

(5m 34s):
Okay, so I didn't watch it 'cause I don't got NFL network and all that. But I did watch the score updates and they had me stressed out. I ain't gonna hold you. That last five minutes was very stressful. But yes, Ravens flock pulled it out because they know Maryland voted blue and we needed a highlight. That's I'm say needed something. Something did watch. No, you didn't watch it either. Okay. Yeah, Of course he wouldn't. Okay. All right. What we got Morgan. All right y'all. So President Biden, he spoke to the American people yesterday in response to Donald Trump being elected as the next president, speaking from the White House Rose Garden, where I did attend this event, he said he is focused on respecting the office, the Constitution, the Constitution, and the peaceful transfer of power. Let's hear more from President Biden.

(6m 15s):
I'll fulfill my oath. And I will honor the Constitution on January 20th. We'll have a peaceful transfer of power here in America. Yesterday I spoke with President-elect Trump to congratulate him on his victory. And I assured him that I direct my entire administration to work with his team to ensure a peaceful and orderly transition. You can't love your country. Only when you win. You can't love your neighbor. Only when you agree something to hope we can do, no matter who you voted for and see each other not as adversaries, but as fellow Americans.

(6m 59s):
I don know y don't sound too good. Well, Yeah, I mean he hasn't sounded good in years, but I, I will say this, I'm glad everybody's having a sense of optimism because the reality is we have no choice because we're here now. Donald J. Trump is gonna be the 47 president of the United States of America, like it or not. And we all hope for the best for this country. That's all we can do. But don't y'all find it strange that now that he's one, they're not calling him a threat to democracy. They're not calling him a fascist. I mean, damn, on Monday, they're, they not calling him anything they can on Monday. They was just calling him that. I would think that You know. If you really believe that, then somebody's speech would be about how America ed up and how, how things are about to be really bad. Charlie, even that man alone, Charlie, He's the most powerful man in The. World. Now It just makes you wonder how much of it did they really believe or how much of it was just politics.

(7m 42s):
That's all Now. Now Morgan, also, I know you have access to the White House when these events happened. Will you still have access to the White House when Trump is in office as easy? So legally speaking, I'm supposed to, but we will see. Okay. Alright. Yes. Biden praised the country, the country's democratic process adding. He hopes that now people can put their differences aside and work together to move the country forward. He also said he called Vice President Kamala Harris And thanked her for running a great campaign. Meanwhile, just as Trump is being elected, the finger pointing among Democrats is underway. This comes as many Democrats are now asking whether Biden should have quit earlier in the race to give Harris more time to make to the American people. That's a conversation Right now. The White House is defending President Biden for not jumping out the race sooner.

(8m 24s):
After Harris' defeat to Trump, white House press Secretary Kareem Jean Pierre says, anything that happens at this point would just be second guessing. Let's hear more from White House press sec. KJP. This is how elections are. This is ebbs and flows. You win, you lose. And this is where we are today. What we're gonna focus on is respecting the American people and how we move forward in the next 74 days. This is a defeat, but we are not defeated. And the President believed he made the right decision on behalf of the American people, on behalf of this country to step aside. And when he did decide to step aside, he immediately endorsed her. And the party unified behind her.

(9m 4s):
They did. Man, Didn't actually answer any questions, but she did say, Biden will always put the country first. And she argued that Vice President Harris had plenty of time, plenty time to make her case to the American voters. What's your thoughts on that? She really didn't. She had 107 days. But I mean, You know. Everybody's saying that Biden should have stepped out sooner. They're absolutely right. We, we've been saying that here on, on The, Breakfast, Club and Biden should have been a transitional president and he should have let them know, Hey, I'm only gonna run one term. Or even after the midterm should have let them know like, Hey, I'm not gonna be back. So that gives them time to You know, hold a primary and You know, pick who they think would be the best candidate. Right? That's all. Yeah. But hey, if my aunt had a penis, she'd be my uncle. So Wait, what?

(9m 45s):
What? Okay. I'm not sure what that Oh no, I, I thought I Got an idea. I you did. No, I was gonna say, I I didn't catch it more. Maybe, maybe you'll have to tell me later. Y'all got it. Moving on. President elect Trump crazy. He is creating his transition team for Inauguration Day on January 20th after winning the presidential election, he has a campaign manager, Susie Wildes, who will be his White House chief of staff. The Florida native will become the first woman to hold that post. Somebody's making women history. Wiles was Trump's campaign senior advisor and ran his campaigns in Florida in both 2016 and 2020. Trump said in a statement that Wiles just helped him achieve one of the greatest political victories in American history and added that Wiles ist smart, innovative, and universally admired and respected.

(10m 31s):
Now, Trump does have a lot of positions to fill about 1200 that require Senate approval. And that will of course be easier now that the Senate is under Republican control. His transition team is being led by friends and family, including his sons and RFK Robert Kennedy Jr. And Democrat Tulsi Gabbard. So we will continue to keep you posted on that transition of power that is happening at the White House. Alright, well thank you Morgan. Of course, we've got more coming up at 7:00 AM guess what? The rates are lower. We'll talk more about that. Alright, Everybody else get it off your chest. 805 8 5 1 0 5 1 If you need to vent, phone lines are wide open. It's a Friday. Let us know how you feel again.

(11m 11s):
805 8 5 1 0 5 1 is The Breakfast. Club. Good morning The. Breakfast Club. Is it your time To get it off your chest? Whether you're mad or blessed, I hate the way that you walk, the way that you talk. I hate the way that you dress. Everything with near is best. Call up next. Eight five eight five one oh five one. Not just me, I'm with the coach of Philly. Hello. Who's this? Hi. Oh my God. DJ MB. Good morning. What's your name? Good morning. Good morning. My name is Tony. Good morning Charlamagne to God. Good morning. My sister that's there. Good morning. I am calling. I am calling because I wanna get something off my chest.

(11m 52s):
I can't believe I made it through. Yes ma'am. Laura Roso. Good morning. I'm sorry. I forgot your name 'cause I'm there. It's all good. Go Ahead. I am a teacher. Okay. And I. Live paycheck to paycheck every day. I get up, I try to go to work to educate my kids, but it's very difficult because I have, life is life. I just want to put out there that for these parents, You know and then they complain when we ask for things. It is very difficult because this was a hard week for me.

(12m 32s):
Very hard emotionally, mentally, because of what happened when our president, I was so hopeful that we were going to have a female in the white heart. When it didn't happen, I had to go into the classroom with a smile on my face. So I say all of this to say, look, I'm trying to stay afloat, paying my bills. I'm trying to mentally be strong for my baby. I'm trying to take care of my household. Life is life and, but I thank you Breakfast Club for keeping me informed because I don't watch no news. I'm not watching anything. But I thank you all.

(13m 13s):
I thank you for being the realist and keeping me afloat. God Bless. I want to tell you something, Tanya, as the son of a public school teacher myself, I really appreciate your service. I appreciate what y'all do as public school teachers. It is a very thankless job. But You know, we entrust our kids. You know to you all for hours at a time throughout the day. And You know y'all don't ever get the value, the love and, and, and, and appreciation that I think y'all should. So thank you, thank you, thank you sincerely. And you got the right attitude, man and You know, we we all gonna, we all gonna be in this together. We still Americans at the end of the day. So even if you don't believe in what's going on, You know in the highest levels of government. Let's believe in each other.

(13m 54s):
And where you calling from? Mama? I'm calling from Newark, New Jersey. Newark. Newark, New Jersey. Yo, she let's, well, You know what I'm about to say. So don't right. Don't do right there. All I was gonna say to you, don't do it right there, Tanya. If you need a stress relieve, there's an amazing dispensary in Newark, New Jersey called Astoria. It's on 7 9 9 Broad Street in Newark. I know there's a big concert tonight in Newark. So if you around it opens at 11 from 11 to eight. If, if if you, if you need a little stress reliever. Okay. She said, okay. Yeah. If, if you need a little stress reliever, Tanya gonna pull Up. Can you, could you, could you put something in my cash app? So I go there? I yes I could. What? Gimme your cash app. What? Gimme cash app. Okay. My cash app is S-H-A-R-E-E-N-P-O-S-L-Y-S-H-S fly.

(14m 43s):
S-H-A-R-E-E-N To fly. TO Fly. FLY. Sharine. Yes. You Know. I'm telling You know when, when you use the TO I'm, I'm telling my age. Right? Your last, your last name. Start with a H. Yes. That Okay. I see you. She your eighties baby. When she got, when you see Fly You know you're 80 seventies. 80 baby. I'm putting some in your Cash app right now. Go to half story of today. They open up at 11:00 AM 7 9 9 Broad Street in Newark, New Jersey. Tell I sent you, you gonna enjoy this weekend. Okay. And I'm a 19 hundreds and seventies baby Now. There you go. We can tell as soon as you put the fly, you go, You know exactly what it was. Look, I love y'all. Love you. I y'all to keep what y'all doing? I can't believe my baby real y'all right.

(15m 24s):
Bye. Have a good one, mama. Get it off your chest. 805 8 5 1 0 5 1. If you need to vent, hit us up now. It's The, Breakfast. Club. Good morning, The. Breakfast. Club. Wake up. Wake up. Wake your ass. This is your time to get it off your chest. Whether man or black, we want hear from you on The. Breakfast. Club. Hello. Who's this? Yes, this is Manuel from Jersey. Manuel. What part of Jersey? Manuel. I'm from Orange. Okay. Get it off your chest from orange. Yeah, I'm just saying y'all, y'all crying like a baby because y'all don don't know why y'all crying. Because everybody's going be prosperous.

(16m 5s):
Everything is gonna be low. And, I have more money in your pocket. I don't get It. We hope so. Who crying? We actually said that we hope for the best. The whole mainstream media cry, crying. Oh, why? Well, That's be blah, Blah, blah. That's because you gotta Be like last one year. What y'all working about? Well that, well that's because there's a, that's because there's a fanatical nature of the politics now. And everybody picks the team. But guess what? I hope the economy is prosperous over the next four years. Y'all Crying over nothing. Who is y'all? But listen, let me ask you a question. Who's what? What do you, what do you expect to get financially? What do you think is gonna happen for you? It's Gonna be more money in my pocket. But how, how you gonna get more money in your pocket?

(16m 45s):
I'm asking legitimately how, how, how what's gonna happen From Trump? Trump is gonna lower everything. He's gonna lower gas prices and y'all gonna be happy when gas and everything is gonna be low. Y'all gonna be thankful that Trump has been What? What are gas prices now, sir? Yo gas prices been the lowest. It's been in like six years. It's like 2 89, 2 70 Wasn't office gas was $2. Right now it's $3. I ain't never seen gas. I ain't never seen. But listen, I hope you're right. I hope so too. And, And then you had car on during the election. Said, explained why he had support for Kamala, Kamala Harris. Kamala You know. I knew, I knew.

(17m 25s):
Well, whatever name is, Well that's not Whatever that name is. Crazy. But that's not true though. Not saying it from the heart. That's not true. Gotta read it from a phone. Everybody, everybody reads from a prompter. Sir, sir From the heart. I can't do this. Everybody reads from a prompt. Okay. Have a great one sir. I can't. This fight I can. And by the way, Cardi did have a reason. Cardi had a reason. 'cause she wanna protect women's reproductive rights. But once again, I hope that everything that everybody is saying is true. I hope that we have a prosperous economy. Yes. Why would I wish for otherwise? You don't have a I'm an American who lives here. Yeah. This is proven to me that some people just want to argue. That's why we gotta stop this fanatical nature of sports and realize that the end of the day after the election is over, right?

(18m 8s):
Regardless, we all on the same team, right? We all, and we always are. Period. But we really are at this point. Like we're all on the same team that is the president of the United States of America. Well, I want America to win. So if you want America to win, we on the same team. Well get it off your chest. 805 8 5 1 0 5 1. Now we got just with the mess coming up. We do And I. Think it's time that we talk about it. About what? Just hilarious. I feel like people have been, there's so much conversation about it's just coming back. What's the tea with me and Jess just You know that whole thing. And at this point I'm getting tired of it. I think we need to talk about it. That's why you wore that leather shirt today. Oh Yeah. My leather button up to the top. Let button up. That mean our brother. Oh, first. Okay. Black designer. Shout out to Avenue. Okay. This is a, I would say it's hand, it's not handmade, but it, this is a good piece right here.

(18m 51s):
Okay. Okay. Okay. And. I. And. I. See You know you changed Farah a little bit. Yeah. I put Farah up. I'm I'm, I'm at work today. Okay. I got my pen. Farrah is in a bun. We need to have a a conversation. 'cause it it's time. All right, well we'll do that next. It's The. Breakfast. Club. Good morning The. Breakfast Club. It's a Friday morning everybody. It's DJ NV Jess. Hilarious. Charlemagne the guy. We are The. Breakfast. Club. Let's get to Jess with the Mess with Laura. LaRosa News is real weather hilarious. Just Robin Moore. Jess don't do no lying. Don't do. She don't spare. Nobody Bro. Jess worldwide mess on The.

(19m 32s):
Breakfast Club. She's a coach suit. Lauren. Lauren LaRosa. I back. And. I got the mess. Talk. Talk To me. Alright y'all. So we gonna do the top of the mess a little different today only because I feel like we need to have a conversation in the room that I wanna have on air. What's the conversation? So first of all, I just want people to understand that like when you have two black women, right? It is not a compliment to compliment one person and down the other. I've been getting a lot of that like, oh, you doing good And I don't like this about Jess And. I hate that. Yesterday we were out and majority of the people I ran into Jess with the mess in her news is real.

(20m 12s):
He's doing Girl it's time. Okay. You back hard for me to be back. You ready? Jess is back. Hello? You ready? Yes Girl, let's get it. Uhuh not to tell him off the chair. What's up Jess? I mean I don't want the baby shower chair back, but this this. Hello. Jessica Robin. Boy Baby. Welcome back. Drop a bomb for Jess. Two of them. Oh, that's right. You know. I don't that. No, no. She, She. The airbus. I need the Airbus I. Don messing. Do I got mine? Nope. No. This is my mom. Cozy. 'cause I breastfeed And I pump. So, okay, this is my new purse. What? What the hell? What the hell was y'all even talking about before she walked in? Who? Me and her? Yeah. We was talking about a lot and before you walked in we was talking about it. Hearing here on air.

(20m 53s):
The first thing that I brought up was yesterday we was out at Sim Simmons birthday party. Mm. And I ran into so many people. And this happens to me all the time. And I. Tell people you don't have to down just to compliment me. And I hate that narrative though. Us versus each other. And. I feel like a lot of times when people see two women that can do things really, really well, it's always like you gotta pick a side. Yeah. And what we have been able to And I. Don't think people know that. We've had conversations. And, I You know I'm I thank you so much for just giving that chair and opening up that chair because women in this industry don't do that. Like, you dont give your chair to another woman. No. So I wanna talk about that And I also wanna You know, have a conversation about, we gonna get into you and how you've been. But I also wanna have a conversation about You. know she look good. Who is that glowing.

(21m 33s):
You see Jess glowing who is glowing. Would he say, who is that? Like he don't know that you glowing You. know You. know what I'm saying? You glowing Wait. Because yesterday too, we supposed to go out to dinner. Sit. Sit. I had to get myself together. I know that's right. I know, right? Think you look good. You still owe me dinner. But we gonna do that. We do that. Get myself together. But I wanna get into you so you can start wherever you want. That's what we were talking about before you came in. That's what we had a conversation about. Where you wanna start at. Could I just ask how you doing Jess? How you feeling? See your ass in a long time. I know, I know. I've been And. I. We missed you. I hear people talking about, oh, her daughter one now. No, my daughter. No, they daughter three. They say she was three. They said she was three. Three. They right. Three months. She's going on three months. She was born August 20th at two forty seven in the morning.

(22m 15s):
I living her natural. I had her with no epidural. Oh my. You true. That's what the mess her news is. Strong news is strong honey. Yes, yes, yes. And I'm, I'm breastfeeding full time. Well pumping and breastfeeding. But yep, she is on breast milk. She's good. She is fat. Like a fat little sumo wrestler. Her name is Marley. Aw Marley. Yep. Yep. Marley. Marley. Sky. More tor. I love it. How do you feel though, like as a a mom of dad? I feel good. I feel good. I feel good.

(22m 41s):
Hey fam, this is Carlos Miller from the 85 South Show. If you're like me, you're always thinking about how to level up your career. Maybe you're fresh outta college, just starting in your field or even looking to switch things up and find your true calling. Whatever stage you're in, remember that this is your time to grow, to learn, and to build something that lasts. State Farm understands that early career development is key to long-term success. They've been a steady presence in our community and they know having the right support early can make all the difference. State Farm is there to help you make smart moves and to help you get the coverage you need. We all know that the journey to success is a marathon, not a sprint. It's all about staying focused, staying grounded, and making sure you're protected every step of the way. Let's build our careers with confidence, knowing that State Farm is there to support us just like they've always been. Because Like a good neighbor. State Farm is there. Find out more@statefarm.com.

(23m 36s):
Hi, I am Marie and I'm sydnee and we're mess, well not a mess, but on our podcast called Mess. We celebrate all things messy. But the gag is not everything is a mess. Sometimes it's just living. Yeah. Things like J-Lo on her third, divorce, living Girl's Trip to Miami Mess. Ozempic. Messy, messy, skinny. Skinny Living restaurant stealing a birthday cake mess. Wait, what flavor was the cake though? Okay, that's a good question. Hooking up with someone in accounting and then getting a promotion. Living. Living, breaking up with your girlfriend while on Instagram live living it's kind of mess. Yeah. Well you get it. Got it. Live. Love mess. Listen to Mess with Sydnee, Washington and Refa sent on iHeartRadio, App, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts.

(24m 31s):
Hey guys, I'm Kate Maxx. You might know me from my popular online series, the Running Interview Show where I run with celebrities, athletes, entrepreneurs, and more. After those runs, the conversations keep going. That's what my podcast Post Run High is all about. It's a chance to sit down with my guests and dive even deeper into their stories, their journeys, and the thoughts that arise once we've hit the pavement together. You know that rush of endorphins you feel after a great workout. Well that's when the real magic happens. So if you love hearing real inspiring stories from the people You know, follow and admire Join me every week for post run High. It's where we take the conversation beyond the run and get into the heart of it all. It's lighthearted pretty crazy and very fun. Listen to post Run High on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts or wherever you get your podcasts.

(25m 31s):
Hey friends. Hey friends, I'm m Jessica Capshaw and This is Camilla Luddington. And We. have a new podcast. Call It What It Is. you may know us from Graceland Memorial, but did you know That We are actually besties in real life? And as all besties do we navigate the highs and lows of life Together? And what does that look like? A thousand pep talks, a million. I've got used some very urgent. I'm coming over because don don't know. Let's face it. Life can get even crazier than a season finale of Grey's Anatomy. And Now here we are opening up the friendship circle To you. Someone's cheating. We've got you on that In-Laws are in line. Let's get into it. Toxic friendship, air it out. We're on your side to help you with your concerns. Talk about ours. And every once in a while bring on an awesome guest to get their take on the things that you bring us. While we may be unlicensed to advise, we're gonna do it anyway. Listen to Call It What It Is on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts or wherever you get your podcasts.

(26m 32s):
So y'all, this is Quest Love and I'm here to tell you about a new podcast I've been working on with the story Pirates and John Glickman called Historical Records. It's a family friendly podcast. Yeah, you heard that right? A podcast for all ages. One you can listen to and enjoy with your kids. Starting on September 27th. I'm going to toss it over to the host of Historical Records, Emini to tell you all about it. Make sure you check it out. Hey y'all here. I'm the host of a brand new history podcast for kids and families called Historical Records. Historical records brings history to life through hip hop. Fast slam, another one gone bass. Bam, another one gone. A crack a bat and another one gone. A tip Foot A cap is another one. Gone. Each episode is about a different inspiring figure from history like this one about Claudette Colvin, a 15-year-old girl in Alabama who refused to give up her seat on the city bus nine hold months before Rosa Parks did the same thing. Check it. And it began With me. Did You know? Did You know I wouldn't give up my, Get the kids in your life excited about history by tuning in to historical records. Because in order to make history, you have to make some noise. Listen to historical records on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts or wherever you get your podcasts.

(28m 1s):
But I'm happy that my baby boy is happy. He's so happy to have his little sister that he can live in a house with and grow up with. But how is he as, as a brother? Is he as a he? Happy. He's happy Feeding you with the baby. Supportive. I love it. Like he always a look at first when I first had her right, I was like, I don't want nobody to touch her. I didn't want anybody breathing on her. Not even her father. I was like, no, I've been doing this longer than you. This is his first. You can't even hold. I'm like, I've been doing this. No, I saw one In Ec Clipse online that you posted. And he was like, she'd be like our daughter. I mean my daughter. And it's like, it's my daughter too. So how did that instinct come in? Because I, I always hear that with the second baby, you a little bit more like loose. I no Uhuh, I was very uptight. Well I, when I was pregnant with my son, I was 19 then I had him, I was 20.

(28m 42s):
I was, I was back in the club like three weeks. I was, I was good. Okay. But 32 you grown now. Yeah, I'm grown now. It's different. We planned this, we planned my daughter, I'm happy that I have her like And I ain't want nobody touching her. Yeah, man. She started kicking my ass. I don't care who that now I really don't take breastfeeding and having the, I haven't had an eight hour sleep since like early pregnancy. I have it 'cause I gotta wake up every three hours to pump. Right. So that, that right there in itself, that's a job. That's a whole nother. So I, I give it to the single moms who are doing it by themselves. 'cause we have, we have help. We actually have his mother as the gran. As the nanny. Wow. So we call her a grand nanny and she helps us with Marley.

(29m 24s):
Marley has been traveling. She's been on more flights than like, she's been on flights right. Already. And she does great flying your pump right now. Still on tour. That's your pump is my, my, I ain't, they ain't paying me so I ain't gonna say what they are, but yes, these are you gonna pump while you doing the show? My might have have too. Oh, she, she serious. This I just took 'em off. Yeah. Now I I'm gonna have to put 'em back on around like eight. So. Yeah. Y'all go ahead. A little something. Oh man. Now you were telling me too, one of the things that I learned, y'all, I've been like really asking just so many questions. 'cause I didn't know a lot of this stuff, right? Yeah. So you were telling me that you were having issues with the pumping at first like with the Yeah. The first lactation specialist. Yep. I have a lactation specialist. And I because that, that you don't always make the milk that you wanna make.

(30m 5s):
Like I tried breastfeed with my first son. And I only made milk for like two weeks. Wow. I then I fell off of it. But again, I was young so I didn't even try to see if I can produce more. I wasn't doing anything taking the necessary steps to have a, a strong milk flow. Now at 32 I'm like, like I'm grown now again. And this is what I wanted You know. I didn't wanna go the formula route. Shout out to those who do it it own, but don don't wanna go that route. don don't wanna do a hybrid. I don't wanna mix breast milk with formula, anything like that. So I got a lactation specialist. I'm on a lactation cookies. I take lactation capsules. That's How good as hell. Yep. Elderberry, lactation cookies. You know. Listen, you be seeing with Jess, she gonna pull a cookie out her bag period. Like she really should be pulling chocolate chip tation cookie piece.

(30m 46s):
They they taste like famous aimless cookies. I ain't gonna hold. Why You wanna learn how to lactate I don wanna taste it? That sound like it tastes yummy. It is Very yummy. It's good. How Was that with, with when you were breastfeeding? 'cause You know a lot of times men, they they want to feed the baby, but they can at first 'cause the baby's breastfeeding. How was he at first? He, it was a little, it was a little tough for him because You know it's, it's a bonding thing. You know it's bonding. Yeah. You have to, you have to do that for like the first month. Like You know. Oh, he was sick. He Was sick. He really was even like skin to skin. She had to be on me a whole lot. You know. 'cause I really want her to stay latch. A baby can latch and then fall off of it. Like, like don't wanna do it no more. But it was hard for him. But then when we started bottle feeding her, switching out the nipple for the bottle, then he got to feed her.

(31m 30s):
He was relieved. He's good now. But he was like, yo, gimme my baby. Gimme My baby. And that's his first Yes. And he delivered her, what does that mean, what you deliver? We had the doctor. The doctor was there and they had a, we had a plan the whole time and she, he asked her the last appointment like, can I deliver my baby? And she was like, yep, just be ready. Just like a Mexican always won't work This for you. Love this for you. Yep. Well Jess is here. Jess is back. We be so happy and so grateful to see her back. We missed you Jess. I missed you. We honestly, we missed you. Thank you. And all the listeners. I missed y'all too. I Wasn't gonna say pour up a drink, but I don't want have to have to pump that and then dump it After pour a drink.

(32m 10s):
I don't have to pump it down. Your business. We done already talked about that. That the miff we could pour up. My sister is I was gonna ask you about the smoke and the drinking. You could do that. Definitely could. Yep. I did my own research for the smoke and So funny to the smoke. Just got a source close To the smoke. I know that's right. Well, we're happy to have you back. Thank you again. Thank you for allowing me to sit in that seat for some time. And I am so excited to work with you. I Appreciate you. You gonna be be babysitting. That was you baby. That, that I'm Jess said I'm gonna come in and and hand you the baby. I said I'm gonna sit down here, the baby don't stay. Don't gimme the baby while I'm standing up because it's just a big responsibility. It's like having an A.

(32m 51s):
That baby gonna be playing with your wig. Oh you funny. Front page. Gonna, It's The Breakfast Club. Good morning. Wake Up. Wake up. You're locked into The. Breakfast, Club. Morning Everybody. It's DJ Envy. Just hilarious. Charlamagne the guy. We are The Breakfast Club Long La Roses here as well. And let's get back in some front page news now, sports, the Baltimore Ravens narrowly beat the Bengals 35 34. I heard it was an amazing game. Morgan, you didn't see it right? I didn't watch, but I did. I watched the score updates, but not the actual game. It was stressful watching that alone. So yeah, but it was a good game. I'm glad we came out with a win. Shout out to Baltimore. Raven, imagine Now let's jump right into the news. Yeah.

(33m 31s):
So speaking of Baltimore, is that somebody I see familiar in the studio real quick. Hey y'all. Hey Jess. Welcome back. Alright, well let's get into it. Congratulations on the baby and all that. I know you wanna have some money in your pocket because getting into the news, the Federal Reserve is lowering, lowering interest rates by a quarter point Federal Reserve chair. Jerome Powell addressed the move in a press conference on Thursday where he said the election will not have an impact on their polity policy. Excuse me. Decisions. Let's hear more from Federal Reserve chair Jerome Powell. We continue to be confident that with an appropriate recalibration of our policy stance strength in the economy and the labor market can be maintained with inflation moving sustainably down to 2% in the near term.

(34m 13s):
The the election will have no effects on our policy decisions. Yeah. So this follows a 50 basis points reduction earlier this fall. The first lowering rates, lowering of rates in four years. And it comes on the heels of Donald Trump's election victory and positive news that inflation is cooling. So maybe this is some positivity, some light at the end of the tunnel in regards to a Trump presidency, even though the Fed rate said that the election will not have a direct impact. Now moving on back to election news. Robert F. Kennedy jr's role in the Trump administration has been in, has people in the healthcare space questioning what's next. Now it's unclear what role within the Trump administration he will have.

(34m 53s):
But the White House transition officials have pointed to health Czar a position that would need a Senate confirmation. Robert F. Kennedy Jr. Says entire departments at the Food and Drug Administration will have to go if he plays a role in the new Trump administration. Let's hear more from RFK Jr. In some categories of workers, their entire departments, like the nutrition departments at FDA that are, that have to go, that are are not doing their job, they're not protecting R kids. Now I I've heard RFK Jr talk about that You know And I, And I. I do agree with him. Like there's so many things that we sell in America that are banned in other places. Like there's so many things in America that have so many terrible chemicals and toxins in them that they are hurting us.

(35m 36s):
But what makes RFK Jr the health czar? Like Why is he qualified? Because, because he sound like I don't want him nowhere near the food. Jesus all please. That's true. That's true. He sound like I don't want him nowhere near the kitchen You. know what I mean? And please watch your hands and cover your mouth when you come in here. RFK Jr. Please You know why people, my people in the kitchen Top governance roles like FDA commissioner require senate confirmation. Some experts say this could be a hurdle for Kennedy. Now he, he warned on x recently And I quote that FDA's war on public health is about to end. He accused the agency of aggressive suppression of psychedelics, peptides, stem cells, ivermectin vitamins, clean food, sunshine exercise, and anything else that advance advances human health and can't be patented by pharma.

(36m 21s):
Now, when asked if he would eliminate health agencies, he said, as long as it requires congressional approval, I wouldn't be doing that. But he also said that he he wants to get the corruption out of the agency. So we will see how that pans out bringing things home to New York City. The city is honoring those who have served our country ahead of Veterans Day, which is on Monday at an annual breakfast reception celebrating Veterans Day at Gracie Manchin in Manhattan Yesterday. Now, officials honored Gold star families who loved, who lost loved ones in combat service. They also announced winners of $20,000 grants for New York City based on veteran owned small businesses that recently took part in a competition.

(37m 1s):
Now, Marine Corps Colonel JJ Wilson spoke at the breakfast and said they're honoring the veterans who defended our freedom, safeguarded our values, and strengthened the fabric of our nation. Let's hear more from Colonel JJ Wilson. Thank you for your service. Thank you for your courage and your unwavering commitment. Thank you for uniting the communities that we all come from with the values of resilience, leadership, and teamwork. These values enrich our society. They bring home a sense of purpose, purpose served and forged in service. These values remain woven into the very fabric of this great city, our workplaces and our neighborhoods. May our veteran community remain the backbone of our society and continue to return home citizens of quality and purpose.

(37m 46s):
Yes. Salute the veterans, salute those who have served. Absolutely. Absolutely. And New York City mayor Eric Adams, he was also among those who attended the breakfast. And here's what he had to say in part, Outside of the terrorist attack that took place 2001 on September 11th, this has maintained to be a place with stability and a smooth, peaceful transition of power has been our hallmark. All of the nations reflect and look upon us with, with great astonishment. Not only do we accomplish this task by being Americans, but we do it by being one of the most diverse places globally. You know, I saw what Mayor Adam said, that they gonna stop giving debit cards to to, to migrants.

(38m 30s):
You know they had the debit cards that they were giving the migrants to purchase food. Give it to the veterans, man. Well, well it's not, it's not gonna stop. Money's not gonna stop. They just found a a, I guess a distributor that's gonna be giving food to the migrants. So they're gonna take the cards away so the money that they spend on 'em cards are gonna be used to spend the contracts that they're still giving food. Give it to the veterans, get that money to the veterans You know, get that money to the veterans. Nothing pains me more than walking the streets of New York City and seeing veterans with signs saying that they fought in You know different walls. Yep. And they don't have no money like that, that that is disrespectful. And like You know, if you, if you ever You know, risked your life for this country and went on the front lines for this country, you shouldn't have to want for nothing in this country. Absolutely. That that is shameful. I've always said that it is shameful for, for America to have veterans out here that are homeless after they done went to war for us.

(39m 16s):
Yeah, Absolutely. I agree. So again, we salute those who have served 'cause my punk butt wouldn't do it. And I You know it's, and those who have also made the ultimate sacrifice, sacrifice by You know, giving their lives to this country. We salute you and your service. So that's, that's your front page news. I'm Morgan Wood, follow me on social at Morgan Media. And for more news coverage, follow at Black Information Network. Download the free iHeartRadio App and visit us@bnews.com. Happy Friday y'all. Thank you Morgan. Thank you. Alright, well let's open up the phone lines just hilarious. Is back Jessica Robin Moore. Yes. We missed her. You missed her. So let's open up the phone lines. (800) 585-1051.

(39m 56s):
Jess is here now. Just always wanted to, I wanted to ask this too. You know as a a mom, new mom, did you feel like I didn't want to come back because I didn't wanna leave the baby? Or did you feel like, all right, enough's enough, I need to get back to work? Definitely both. In the beginning it was more so. It was like that And I think that also I, I think I underestimated what it would be like. Breastfeeding, You know. And then just that bond. 'cause remember I was like six weeks I'm right back. Y'all I'm not You know like the same thing I said about not I'm gonna be dressing up time and y'all's like, Nope y'all, you gonna be in sweatpants no makeup. That it is the same thing. It's the same thing. Why you Ain't bringing, why you ain't bringing 'em? I anticipated because she old enough to intern at this point. So you should have bought her intern.

(40m 37s):
No. No. Y'all can't get you ain't was supposed watch. I was supposed to be watching the baby but you ain't trust me. I thought about it. No, you drink too early in the morning. Damn. She definitely had a shot this morning. And I Believe. But that's 'cause we said we was gonna do a shot. Now you said you was gonna smoke and you didn't. No, I told you I Can't smoke. I like the fact that Jess's still looking out for you. She's still looking for you to do something. She going, she gonna find something for you to do. Yeah, Keep me busy 'cause I don know what where we about to go but I make sure I'm sitting down. Okay. Yeah. When you hear me her well Come 5 8 5 1 0 5 1. Jess is back. It's a Friday. Call her up right now. If you wanna share some words with us. Tell her you, Mr. Her, all that good stuff. Call us up. Right now's the breakfast. Love. Good morning The. Breakfast Club.

(41m 18s):
Daddy call my phone call Man. It's topic time. Call 805 8 5 1 0 5 1 to join into the discussion with The Breakfast Club Morning everybody. It's Djj Envy. Jess. Hilarious Charlemagne de guy. We are The Breakfast. Club Jess. Hilarious is back. Dammit. Robin. What's up? Yo. Lauren Laro is here now. Jess's baby's about three years old. That's what the broom is saying. A Plan 50 came up here. 50 was like how old? How old is it? Her baby Gary Owen. Owen said how old is the baby? They wanted know how old the baby was, but the baby's three months and she is back. We are happy. We're excited we missed her. You was gone for three months? No, she's two and a half months. She'll be three months on the 20th.

(41m 59s):
November 20th. So, but you Was gone longer than that though. Mm, I was gone about three and a half months. 4, 3, 8, 4, something like that. Four months. Yeah. Well she's back. And, and for y'all that don't know when somebody's on maternity leave, you're not allowed to call them at all. You're not supposed to anything concerning business. So we couldn't call her. That's Not true. I was checking in on her, but I wasn't concerning business though. Wasn't Concerning business. I was, we talking about the baby. She was checking in, checking out the baby. The Baby was, I was like, I probably getting on her nerves every other week. No, Hey girl, how are you? What's going on? I was gonna come visit her until she started Subtweeting. No, And. I was like, yo, I think I, I told my wife we should go down there and see Jess. And all of a sudden all you see Jess's story was don't come see me when people ask to come see the baby, but we don't really want them here, this and that.

(42m 43s):
I'm like, damn, that Don't mean a damn thing. Nothing at all. No, just be stop. He should pulled up on you. He should have pulled up on you. Yep. Don't ever tell me you gonna come see me. You don't come see me but Y'all, I was gonna come, but there's a bunch of some messages. I'm like, well damn. That's Crazy. That, that's 'cause he live his life online. If, if people don't live they life online, I'm following you. You know. It's so crazy how much you don't live your life on. That's one thing I learned about you and us getting to know each other. You don't live your life online even though you're so big online. Like you be so detached from the internet. Yep. Like what, what happened the other day? Yo was like, lemme tell y'all Quincy Jones passed away. You guys know we talked about it. Me and Jess was talking and I'm like, yeah, because I'm, I'm breaking down. Like when I Said you said just said Quincy.

(43m 23s):
She said, no, not Diddy son. We know that's, she just said Quincy. No, I was like, Quincy Jones passed away. She was like, just with the mess. What? I'm like she had no idea. No, for real. I I didn't get into it yet. I'm, I'm on maternity leave. My mind is still like I don know. I like How did you turn your radio on your tv, your phone, anything? I think the radio who listen to the radio, she like, you work on the radio. Now. I will say Quincy did pass away at a time when there was a lot going on. Yeah. I mean It was day before an election. Like it was a lot going on. It Just shocked me that she didn't even see it briefly. I didn't. I was like, wow, I wish I could learn to be this detached from online and like that's a beautiful thing. But I'm like, how the heck are you this big online and detached. But anyway. Yeah. Have a baby. I'm glad at least one of us was in, was bugging you while you was going.

(44m 5s):
'cause it seems like y'all just, y'all were supposed to go see y'all didn't go see her. I Still was bugging her. Yeah, I was bugging her too. Okay. I make sure she was out. Okay, good. All right. Well let's go to the phone lines. We have Samantha on the line. Samantha, good morning. Good morning. How's everybody? I can't believe I'm in right now. This is crazy. I was seeing you guys every morning. Thank you. Welcome back Jeff. Thank you boo. I did, I did have a question. What's that? I know you just came back from maternity leave. And I know that you are breastfeeding. I am currently pregnant myself. And I am due in December. And I wanted to know, Hey congratulations. How did You know that it was okay to smoke? And what, what are the guidelines for that? 'cause I'm trying to figure out how I'm going to get back smoking after I had my baby.

(44m 49s):
So I wanted to know, Give out no bad advice. Your birthday back. Now she check in through this. Wow. Jess fix Her mess. I did my own, I did my own research and You know. It's up to you. It it is to your own discretion. But when you really think about it, it's common. You're safe. You're safe. That is the lungs. Ain't nothing coming through the lungs. You know as far as the milk, I didn't wanna give her no high milk. And when I realized that the, the weed don't go into that, we were straight. So you, you good as long as you don't smoke now. Yeah. No, no, definitely not. Yeah, definitely Not after you Good. You can light up as soon as you push out. Okay. Good to know. And do you pump and dump as far as drinking? No. That's actually a myth.

(45m 29s):
My, my lactation specialist told me that like, that's a myth. As long as you can drink, as long as you are coherent. If you cannot hold your baby, then you don't need to pump. And you, I mean, then you don't need to breastfeed at all. But, but you don't have to pump and dump. You don't have to waste milk. You don't, you just have to not drink to get effed up. Gotcha. Yeah, that's right. Or but if you do, just don't, you just can't breastfeed. Right, right. That's it. Few hours. Thank you Samantha. Thank you. And welcome back. And congratulations to you too, Sam. Yeah. Congratulations boo. You Still think you need to consult the doctors sound like you need sound like you need a second, second opinion to me. I'm gonna be honest with you. Hello. Who's this? This is What's up brother.

(46m 11s):
What's Up? I been calling from in South Carolina Everybody. Good morning. Good morning. 8, 4, 3, baby. You already know. Good morning. You hear my congratulations to Jess on the pregnancy I. don. What? When a child in pregnancy, new baby. And thank you. Y'all have a good day, man. I listen to y'all every Morning. Thank you babe. Thank You brother. Thanks Nick. Hello. Who's this? Hi, this is Brittany. Hey Brittany. Good morning. Good morning. Good morning. What's up Brittany? I just Wanted to, oh, I just wanted to congratulate Jess on the baby. Thank you. Blessing from the baby. And. I wanted to say that she was deeply missed, but Lauren and LA did an amazing job in her absence. Yep. But I'm happy and I'm ready for Jessica to give her Jessica mess again.

(46m 54s):
Absolutely. Thank you. I appreciate that girl. Thank you mama. Love you. I love you Kathy. Good morning. Good morning. Good morning. How y'all doing? Good. Justin is Girl. Welcome back Jess. Thank you baby. Listen, I love you, but I just wanted to say about the lactation girl. I understand. I remember when I had my son two years ago, I anticipated, yeah, I'm gonna be pumping. Right? I went out, I bought all the stuff. I was ready. I bought a deep freezer ready because I was like, yeah, I'm gonna be pumping, saving and everything. And girl, it was not working for me. Yep. You think that's what it's Gonna be? I tried everything. Those cookies do something about those oatmeal, chocolate chips.

(47m 34s):
Those were my things. What Ate They don't, they taste like famous cookies. Girl, I love them, but nothing worked for me. I mean, I just tea. I did the home remedies, I took everything. I even went into depression. Oh yeah. 'cause I couldn't lactate. Yeah. And. I ended up having to do the formula and that was amount of time when Formula was You know. Short. It was shortage. Yeah. So trying to find formula, it was a lot. Yeah. But girl, I'm happy that You know you able to pump. I'm happy that you able to You know, get the milk out and really good. Thank you girl. And congratulations on the baby if I didn't say that. No, thank you so much. And. I. Love you. I love you Too. Charlemagne DJ Envy all of you guys.

(48m 15s):
I love y'all. And. I. Love you all. Love you guys. You know, keep doing y'all thing. Y'all doing Y thing. And. I. Love y'all. Thank you So much. Thanks baby. All right. Bye. Have A good day. You Too now. You too. 805. 8 5 1 0 5 1. Jess is back. Jess hilarious. Is back you lactating right now. What Does the cookie do? Like, is it like a magic cookie? No, it's, it is stuff that is made in it. So it's like flax seeds, chia seed. It's made with all of these things that helps to produce milk. Like it helps with your milk flow. Oh, I actually got a pack. I'm gonna get the ingredients off. The exact ingredients off the back. That's right. But it's all stuff you Oh you want, okay. Just you wanna too much I don wanna say wait, it's gonna make me have the milk. You're definitely going to, mm, I honestly don't think you, because you need another, I don't think so.

(48m 57s):
I think you would have to actually be pregnant to actually, because that's when it starts, like the third trimester, your milk ducks start opening up and stuff like that. So yeah, I don't think nothing will happen to you. Naya be eating it when she high. Oh my, my little sister. When there's nothing else, there's no a snacks in the house. Feel like it's like eating the edible. That's how it, I feel like it's about to be like eating edible. And since they're good it don't, it don't taste like medicine or anything. It doesn't taste like anything other than the famous name is Cookie. So what's good? Got Hello? Who's this? I thought you was gonna a commercial. This is Louis V. Well Louis what You want Louis V. Alright, next. Who is next? Louis. Louis In Atlanta. In Atlanta. What's the station in Atlanta Louis? 96. How You know? 90.1. How You know the Station? Y'all.

(49m 37s):
What up Louis V. What you calling for? We ain't do nothing wrong. What You want? Nah, nah, nah. Y'all doing everything right? I'm just calling actually to bother. Jess. Larry, You want some breast milk for the low? How much you cho? How much? How much you charging out There? Hey clown. What? Nah, I just wanna welcome you back man. Everybody in Atlanta is excited. Thank you. I appreciate it. We've been already getting tagged in a bunch of posts. You know I wouldn't turn Luther from set it off when you get your ass back to work. It's all good. Thank you Marty. Ma, Shut up baby. That boy got young. Martin is, I swear he look Just like Martin. All right. (800) 585-1051. Call us something right now. Just as back. Yep. It's The. Breakfast Club. Good morning.

(50m 25s):
If y'all talking about it You know we talking about it. It's topic time. Call 805 8 5 1 0 5 1 to join into the discussion with The Breakfast. Club. Morning everybody. It's DJ Envy. Just hilarious. Charlemagne the guy. We are The. Breakfast. Club. Lauren OSI is here as well. And just hilarious is back. It's been a long time. It felt like it's been like a year, but no, that's getting glowing too. Boy. Thank you. She is glowing. She's so happy this morning. I have a great dermatologist, Dr. Natasha Sandy, who said, you need to find your ass back to that office because You know. I told, I was like, he's down real bad up there. He looking crazy. So definitely you got waste trainer for him too. 'cause I sound bad too.

(51m 5s):
Oh yeah. You be getting a little thick. You need a wig trainer. You know any good wig trainers yet that contain that, that wig. That's not even a thing. That's not need that to sit even teach that wig to sit. We need to teach that wig to sit. We need to teach that wig. We need to bark. Okay, Jack. I six week six. What's wrong with the, I'm sorry. I'm sorry. Hello. Good morning. Good morning, Bishop. Your boy loves people when the happening. Love it. What up, Jack? As a single father, I wanna say, first of all, respectfully amid, but we can love one Lauren and still Miss Jeff. I I think as a pg Yeah, we are.

(51m 45s):
Well, where we don't know how to edify each other. Yeah. So I think we need to start building it, but we live it more. Yeah. I I, your phone number, your phone is breaking up, but I think you're saying that we need to learn how to uplift each other like that. Right? We can uplift me without bashing her and uplift her without bashing me. That's what you're getting at. That's exactly what I'm saying. Absolutely. Thank you, Lovie. Hello. Who's this? Good morning. Good morning. New York. What's up? Who's this? What's your name? Yeah. My name is Alfredo. Alfredo. What's up brother? Talk to us. New York City. I I hope I didn't catch you guys at a bad time. I wasn't too sure if the, the call was coming through. Oh, what's up? Talk to Us. Name make me hungry. So I'm so hungry. I just was, I was wondering what the topic is.

(52m 27s):
I mean, I missed out on trying to catch on the show. And I know. Well, The topic is You You know Jess. Hilarious. That very funny comedian and, and, and superstar. She's back. She's today's her first day back. Really? Welcome back. Thank you. Thank you. We don't like people participating when they don't know what they participating in. You wasted valuable phone time for somebody that know what the actual topic is. He didn't Know he was going get this one. Get talk this morning. Call. He ain't know love. Who's this? Hey, This is Lev. Hey love. Good morning. Good morning. I'm calling from the Met Charlotte. What up? 8 0 3. What's happening? Not much. So Lauren. Hey, Good morning. You don't still got them. Break now I'm just,

(53m 7s):
Hey fam, this is Carlos Miller from the 85 South Show. If you're like me, you are always thinking about how the level up your career. Maybe you're fresh outta college, just starting in your field or even looking to switch things up and find your true calling. Whatever stage you're in, remember that this is your time to grow, to learn, and to build something that lasts. State Farm understands that early career development is key to long-term success. They've been a steady presence in our community and they know having the right support early can make all the difference. State Farm is there to help you make smart moves and to help you get the coverage you need. We all know that the journey to success is a marathon, not a sprint. It's all about staying focused, staying grounded, and making sure you're protected every step of the way. Let's build our careers with confidence, knowing that State Farm is there to support us just like they've always been. Because Like a good neighbor. State Farm is there. Find out more@statefarm.com.

(54m 2s):
Hi, I am Marie and I'm sydnee and we're mess, well, not a mess, but on our podcast called Mess. We celebrate all things messy, but the gag is not everything is a mess. Sometimes it's just living. Yeah. Things like J-Lo on her third Divorce Living Girls trip to Miami. Yes, Ozempic, messy, skinny living restaurants stealing a birthday cake mess. Wait, what flavor was the cake though? Okay, that's a good question. Hooking up with someone in accounting and then getting a promotion. Living, breaking up with your girlfriend while on Instagram live living it's kind of mess. Yeah. Well, you get it. Got it. Live. Love mess. Listen to Mess with Sydnee, Washington and Refa sent on iHeartRadio, App, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts.

(54m 56s):
Hey guys, I'm Kate Maxx. You might know me from my popular online series, the Running Interview Show where I run with celebrities, athletes, entrepreneurs, and more. After those runs, the conversations keep going. That's what my podcast Post Run High is all about. It's a chance to sit down with my guests and dive even deeper into their stories, their journeys, and the thoughts that arise once we've hit the pavement together. You know that rush of endorphins you feel after a great workout. Well, that's when the real magic happens. So if you love hearing real inspiring stories from the people You know, follow and admire Join me every week for post run High. It's where we take the conversation beyond the run and get into the heart of it all. It's lighthearted pretty crazy and very fun. Listen to post Run High on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts or wherever you get your podcasts.

(55m 57s):
Hey friends. Hey friends. I'm m Jessica Capshaw and This is Camilla Luddington. And We. have a new podcast. call It what It is. you may know us from Graceland Memorial, but did you know That We are actually besties in real life? And As all besties Do we navigate the highs and lows of life Together? And what does that look like? A thousand pep talks, a million. I've got used some very urgent. I'm coming over because I don't know. Let's face it. Life can get even crazier than a season finale of Grey's Anatomy. And Now here we are opening up the friendship circle to You. Someone's cheating. We've got you on That in-Laws are in line. Let's get into it. Toxic friendship, air it out. We're on your side to help you with your concerns. Talk about ours. And every once in a while, bring on an awesome guest to get their take on the things that you bring us. While we may be unlicensed to advise, we're gonna do it anyway. Listen to Call It What It Is on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts or wherever you get your podcasts.

(56m 58s):
So y'all, this is Questlove And. I'm here to tell you about a new podcast I've been working on with the story Pirates and John Glickman called Historical Records. It's a family friendly podcast. Yeah, you heard that, right? A podcast for all ages. One you can listen to and enjoy with your kids. Starting on September 27th, I'm going toss it over to the host of Historical Records, Nini, to tell you all about it. Make sure you check it out. Hey y'all. Nini here. I'm the host of a brand new history podcast for kids and families called Historical Records. Historical Records brings history to life through hip hop, Mass Slam, another one gone. Ba bam, another one gone. The cracker the bat and another one gone. A tip A cap because another one gone. Each episode is about a different inspiring figure from history like this one about Claudette Colvin, a 15-year-old girl in Alabama who refused to give up her seat on the city bus nine hold months before Rosa Parks did the same thing. Check it. And I wouldn't give nine months before. Rosa. Get the kids in your life excited about history by tuning into historical records. Because in order to make history, you have to make some noise. Listen to historical records on the iHeartRadio app. apple Podcasts or wherever you get your podcasts.

(58m 27s):
Girl Is this Shahe? No, no. This love. I just wanted to call. No, you're so quick. We miss you so much. Thank You girl. And I. I do agree. I do agree with Lauren that You know I don't like when people gotta You know tear other women down to You know bring other women up. I was one of the people on ig, but what I was asking was how can we get both of y'all on the show? That's what I wanna talk about. Mm. Yeah. We like this. We like this right here, right now. Yeah. I see a lot of that too. I, I look, I see everything. I just, I don't respond to anything anymore. But I see a lot of things. And I. That's one of the frequent comments I seen as well. I think people don't know and or maybe they forgot like Lauren is up here 'cause Jess said, Hey, while I'm gone I want Lauren LaRosa to fill in.

(59m 11s):
Yeah, definitely. Oh yeah, for sure. I didn't forget. Oh, okay. Yeah, it, it's just nice to have both of the ladies on there. 'cause I'm gonna tell you what y'all been teaming up on? My girl Lauren And I. I feel like, like they, I've seeing that too. I definitely, Amy used to be on my side, but as of lady, I feel a little bit nicer. Once, once Trump got office, he just started getting a little crazy. The first thing is you felt a little white entitled. Did you hit what the woman's said when she first called. She called up hit What's your name again? Don't, don't You gonna bring it up to The break. Love, love said do you still got them braid? That's I'm glad Joking. I listen Every single morning. So I'm, I'm a day one. I love, I did not know you said that. You asked how about them braid? She did first Thing she said did that the first thing she said she did And.

(59m 53s):
I was Lauren and she started throwing shots to me and it'd be two on Two it and to far On two Joke. But y'all do be on Lauren. Lauren go Lauren, you gonna find a man when, when this Thank you. Thank you Jess. Here she gonna fix mess. We gonna figure it out. We, we gonna get you A man and a weak trainer. Okay. I curse. We gonna teach Farrah to fetch. We gonna teach to play that. We gonna teach far to sick. Name is, name is Girl. Jess. What The baby done drop. You could fight with me now. I know but I love you with the braids though. Thank you. I ain't gonna Hold you but not with the wig. That's what Braid you put words in her mouth.

(1h 0m 37s):
That's why you got something on your lip. Right, right. Probably chap. No, just probably chat Crunchy. Jess is just like that face. And when we come back we got Jess with the mess. What we talking about Jess? Yep. Lord. Will fires back at Plys. Why lys one just jumping this suit. Everybody. We gonna talk about it next. Yeah, we Gonna talk about it. I'm ask you 'cause that's your homeboy. My homeboy. Why you become my homeboy? Because y'all both lights flies up. That's I said maybe y'all got some insight but No, I got you. We gonna get to that. All right, we'll talk about it. Next is The. Breakfast Club. Come on morning everybody. It's DJ NV just hilarious. Charlamagne the God We are The. Breakfast. Club just hilarious is back up. It is really good to see you Jeff. It is. Thank you. I'm nine lying. I appreciate Y'all Man. We missed you. I love you.

(1h 1m 17s):
I love your glow. Your skin look a little bit better than mine so I'm hating just a tad bit. Little bit. Just a tad bit. What you talking about? Huh? Uhuh, it's you gonna need more concealer. A Whole chemical pill. I just need a chemical pill. That's all I need. And a little bit of Say A little Bit under them eyes. I Told you and what's so messed up, just one day we was talking on the phone and she was like, yeah, I just want you to know Dr. Natasha, Sandy said you need to come see her real bad. She said, we was watching you somewhere and everybody was in the office was like, oh yeah, Because look, when I walked in there, she was talking about she, she loves Charlamagne, right? So she was like, oh, I just seen him on CNN. And I was like, did you see him like Sam him slam off? And she was like, yeah, I seen him. I said, no, no, no. You guys see him on The, Breakfast, Club camera on CNN. They do his makeup. So I pulled up You know a Oh, you pulled it up?

(1h 1m 58s):
Yeah, I pulled up a clip from here and then she was like, oh my God, he needs don don't know what he's eating. I was like, girl, I don't know what he eat. Neva, but he's down bed and so she said Don Tap. She said she gonna come up to New York to see you because she can't wait to come down there. So, alright, Speak to Dr. Sandy. But you look great Justin. Yes. Thank you. How do you feel? How do you feel? I feel good. Okay. I miss my daughter. I feel good though. I really do feel good. Okay. Are you used to getting up early in the morning or you just already be up to the meeting? Yeah, I'm used to getting up early in the morning. Maybe. What? Every four hours? Ugh. Listen, she, she actually sleeps through the night. At first she wasn't, at first she wasn't, she would wake up every hour then every two hours, then every three. Now she sleeps like a good six hours. But I still gotta get up because I gotta pump every three.

(1h 2m 40s):
Oh yeah. And, I pump in like 20, 30 minute. So Question, how, how does it work with cereal? So do you still, you put cereal? Oh, not yet. No cereal yet? No, I don't do that. I'm not even gonna do that. Not Gonna put oatmeal and not liking the baby's milk. Nope. I'm just gonna parade her vegetables, her fruits and stuff like that. And. I'm gonna mix it with my breast milk. Which is the also healthy for her. I'm not even gonna do the Gerber baby. Okay. Dr. Sebi. I You know You know You, know what I'm saying? Like, play with me. Nah, that's dope. I'm a real mother. Like, Because You know with the last baby, I didn't do none of the Gerber stuff either. We just, we did it ourselves and, and we just skipped over that Gerber stuff. We did all did fresh vegetables, fresh fruit, all that. And it was it That'd you stop breastfeeding in me. You breast fed?

(1h 3m 20s):
Yes he did. You want some milk? You wanna get, you want some milk? Y'all switched it out. We switched it out. Alright. All right. Just with the mess coming up. What we talking about Man? We talking about little will firing back at pla with these lawsuits and stuff. Okay. Alright, we'll get to that next Jess Asda. I'm happy you. It's The. Breakfast. Club. Good morning. Thank you. All right. Morning everybody. It's DJ Envy. Just hilarious. Charlemagne the guy. We are The Breakfast. Club. Let's get to just with the Mess. News is real hilarious. Just Robin Moore. Just Don't do no lying. Don't Do, she Don't spell nobody. Nobody Worldwide. Jess Worldwide on The. Breakfast Club.

(1h 4m 0s):
She's a culture shooter. She Was able to get y'all to see something and understand something that nobody could get you to see. It's time to set it on. Let's go Jess. What's up? What's up? So this is a backstory 'cause so you already did this, but the, the little well guy, right? Because I don't know him like, like y'all would know him. He responded back supplies and we actually actually have him on the phone. Well, yeah. Little. Well you there Get into this. Yes Sir. Yes sir. You're live on the ass so please don't curse bro. Don't Curse. I'm surprised I ain't curse yet 'cause it's my first day back. Little Willie, but Willie Little Willie sound like somebody that's just ready to curse. See what the hell happened was. But I know you gotta clear up some things.

(1h 4m 40s):
I wanna know first though, when you first saw the Plaza lawsuit, like how did you react? What was your first reaction to it? 'cause I know it blindsided you. No, I actually, it wasn't a blindside. Mm. I was like, when I seen it, I was like, man, not again. Mm. Not again. So this is reoccurring? Yes. Yes. Mm. Okay. Do you plan the supplies? I mean, at first we was cool, we was kind of like, You know we was fans of Fly. So we was like, You know we not going, we not gonna go take legal action. You know after, after the Soja Boy situation with Pretty Boy Swag.

(1h 5m 22s):
So we let it be. But now that it come back and he's going at me, Illa and Cardi, nah man, we want a piece of that now, bro. So he Is going after you 'cause you weren't named in the lawsuit? No, no, no. He isn't going after me because he know Right Now Lil Will did the record. My Dougie, My Dougie My Dougie if you don't know. And that's the, the, the, the place where Megan's producer said that they actually sampled it from not Plaza's song. And now Plaza is suing all these individuals. Hey Will, lemme ask you a question. Somebody told me that the song Ain't None of y'all that that Nitty Beach did it, did it before all of y'all. Hey Nitty Nitty is involved in the situation.

(1h 6m 3s):
Nitty is credited in the situation. Yeah. Nitty already getting from Soulja Boy from what I was told. Exactly. Yes, yes, yes. I mean it's all public information. Yeah. All of y'all tripping off a song that ain't none of y'all need one. Should be. But but let me ask you a question. The sound that everybody uses, is that a, a manufactured sound, like a sound that you can get off a beat machine or a keyboard? Or is that a sound that he actually made that everybody's sampling? Because if it's just a, a manufactured sound, I thought everybody could use it. No, no it isn't. We actually went into the studio and actually instructed Big E to make this beat sound this certain way.

(1h 6m 43s):
Gotcha. I got a question for you. Well, if Nitty You know what I mean, he made the song, he he owns it. How are you suing then? Like what's your, what's your stake stakeholder in this? I see. I, I'm, I'm not, I'm nowhere in the lawsuit and I'm not suing anyone just of yet. Mm. But how could you though, if you don't own the, the song or the Beat We own? I own a percentage of the song and the beat. Gotcha. Like we're already in, we're being me and Nitty, me and Nitty been talking You know and, and doing business. That's why Nitty was able to speak on it yesterday saying that, I don't know what Ply is going after, but all of this started with Little Will Should Plys be able to sue black women.

(1h 7m 26s):
He just gave black women a virtual hug this week. He just gave him a virtual hug after Kamala lost and now he's suing him. And then he turned around and suited two of the women that was on her campaign. See what I'm saying? That was representing no Three of them because Megan perform Global perform and Cardi called it straight 'cause she was on remix. Jesus Christ. Yeah. Mm. I honestly, I just think, I think I think he was hurt. I think he was hurt. Came alive. No Comma, common alive man. Cut it out. Will you think he's, you think he, So now you said, I'm gonna take action against him on my own for messing with these black women You know. That's right. Have a good day. Will, this call is going on way too long.

(1h 8m 7s):
What are we doing? Alright. And then other news so bad baby AKA to catch me outside girl. She announced that she had cancer on IG last night. She said, I'm sorry, my cancer medicine made me lose weight and I'm slowly gaining it back. So stop running with the worst narratives. So the narrative, I know one of the narratives, narratives were like, she has been getting into it with our baby fall. Like they had some recent You know quarrels or Domestic violence. Domestic violence. Yep. Allegedly. It's all through our comments that that's why she was losing weight. She stressed out over this baby And I. It just been going off on her You know I learned a couple years ago, you just don't talk about somebody's appearance. You, you don't do that.

(1h 8m 47s):
Especially if you see it's a major weight loss. So little time. 'cause that girl didn't look like that You know, she didn't look so small and, and and little like that like just a few months ago. So Yep. Pray is up for her. But that's definitely, that's definitely And then Lauren, you, you reached out 'cause You know that's what you specialize in. You know. You know I got two phones now so we reaching out for short. Yeah, we did. So we did reach out though and all serious since we did reach out to a bad Babies team. Yeah. Just because I wanted to know number one, how she's doing. 'cause she had to put that out there publicly. That's tough. Absolutely. And just to see if we could get You know any more details to share with her fans about You know what her treatments look like and You know how people can support her and love on her because they, in her comments going crazy. That's what made her even that And I feel like, honestly that was like bullying, bullying her into talking about her, her, her cancer.

(1h 9m 32s):
They, in her comments, she didn't even want nobody to know that they, in her comments, like if I was being abused by my man, I would look like this too. They talking about Ozempic in the comments. That's literally what made her get online and say and say it. Please relax. Leave me alone right now. Yeah. Yeah. So. Yep. And she just had a baby too. So Yeah, definitely prayers up for that baby girl. And You know Jess, you you, I saw you on the Shade Room while you was out. Was it the Shade Room? She was on Wendy's. This Wendy's show podcast. Yep. Wendy. So yeah. And I've heard you have this conversation before about how You know you regretted when you made jokes about Chad because didn't Know he was going. Absolutely. I had no idea. Yep. He made a video. And I thought it was a, he was losing weight for a role in a movie. 'cause You know he is a method actor. Well he was a method actor. So I I thought it was about a movie role, but You know shortly after I did the, just With the Mess he had passed and it came out that he had cancer.

(1h 10m 16s):
And I. I felt horrible. I was like, yo, that I'll never do that again. Joke about somebody You know just how they look their their weight and You know. And The reason I brought that up. 'cause smart people learn from their own mistakes wise people learn from mistakes. Others. Yeah. We've seen this happen online enough to know that if you see somebody looking crazy, just relax. Yes. You know what they going through. Say nothing. That's right. Even if you have your own thoughts in your head, everything ain't gotta be said. Everything don't have to be online. You can laugh to yourself. Yeah. All your group chat and then y'all can feel sorry amongst each other when you find out what really happened And then you go to hell later. But You know what I'm saying, go to hell in peace. You ain't gotta let everybody know that's it. So, alright. That's just with the mess. All right. Now Charlamagne, who we giving that down? Kato man. Four. After the hour. I, I got so many messages from people yesterday hitting me up.

(1h 10m 59s):
'cause they was being told to report to the plantation. So they wanted to know what all what all time he was meeting there. Time. What time you going go over there? Said you gonna talk about it for after the hour. Okay. What? All right, we'll get to that next. It's The. Breakfast Club. Good morning The. Breakfast Club. Your mornings will never be the same. That was donkey of today. Ba the he haw. It's Time for donkey of today. I ain't trying to be donkey today no more. They should be embarrassed by what they already did. I, I'm not making these people do these things. They called Donkey of the day and it really caught me off guard. Damn Charlemagne. Who got the donkey of today? Today, well just hilarious.

(1h 11m 39s):
It's donkey today for Friday, November 8th goes to whoever is sending out these racist text messages referencing slavery. Now if you haven't heard all day yesterday in black group chats across America, texts were being shared and it was text messages that folks were receiving that were telling Negroes Report to your nearest plantation. Mm. I'm not making this up. Yesterday I had quite a few people hit me up concerned because they were receiving text messages like this. Good evening, Isaiah. You have been selected to become a slave patient at your nearest plantation. Please be clean and ready by 3:00 AM tomorrow. No need to bring essentials nor clothes as you'll be handed worker clothes, you'll be picked up in a white van by a Trump representative. After escorted, you'll be stripped and deed down upon arrival.

(1h 12m 21s):
Don't cooperate. Belt the ass and lynched immediately. Your name will be, your name will further be erased and given a number. Your number is Slave five. And you'll be a part of Slave C Group. Thank you. Now I'm gonna be honest with you. When I first read this, I said to myself, people play too much. And I'm not even sure this is a white person because I've never heard a white person say Belt the ass. But if this week's election showed us anything, it's that we can, we can't assume what certain racial groups do anymore. But I brushed that text off until I had a few more people send me those text messages. And then I realized it was a thing. Did anyone in this room receive a a text message telling them to go back to the plantation? Nom, I ain't you near a plantation? They want me a far there. You got Nope. Okay. Nope. You should go though. They said D down.

(1h 13m 1s):
I know you need that damn take. You get some free de to be a slave. That's right. Now when she take that wig off and you see them corn rolls. First of all, I already told y'all look apart. Wow. Now let's go to NC. My hair already done for the trip, not my hair already done. Let's go to NC News. Corinne Freeman was at home with her kids on Wednesday when she got a text from a number she didn't recognize. It was this odd ominous feeling, text message, basically saying, hello, you've been selected to be a slave on a plantation and you're scheduled to get picked up on at 12:00 AM on November 13th. And She's not alone.

(1h 13m 41s):
Social media sites have been flooded with people from New York to Florida who say they've gotten these racist messages. Freeman and others believe the texts may have been sparked by the current political climate. The wording of the texts appear to differ. Some have misspellings. Others address individuals by name. But the theme is consistent telling recipients they've been selected to pick cotton. All of the people NBCU spoke to who got these messages are black for recipients like Corinne Freeman. The digital hate is fueling Her real world concerns. I am overwhelmed with anxiety and fear about how I'm going to help my children make sense of The World that they have to navigate as black children.

(1h 14m 24s):
No, a few things. Number one, how they get all these people's phone numbers. Number two, this is probably not as widespread as people think. One or three people got a text, posted it online and then everyone took the same text and started acting like it was centered in personally in three. And this is the biggest one. And the reason I'm doing this as donkey today, let's just assume these are Trump supporters. Let's just assume these are conservatives. Answer me this one question. Why do you wanna prove people? Right? Donald Trump won. He is going to be the 47th president of the United States of America. He won fans and square, looks like he won the popular vote. The electoral college Republicans won the Senate. You might win the house. America made a choice. The last thing any of any of you all should be doing is proving all your critics. Right.

(1h 15m 4s):
Okay, so many different people say the only reason Trump won is because America's a racist country. Huffington Post said Trump ran the most racist campaign in modern history and he won. So many people say, oh, Trump supporters are bigots and racists. Why are you idiots proving them right now? Mind you, I know these folks are playing, but if you are a Trump supporter, you should denounce this. Unless of course you don't care. Unless of course you agree with whatever the text is saying. But the real moral of the story is this is exactly the opposite of what I told you. All should happen, y'all not tired of arguing and fighting. There will be a lot of real battles that we need to fight in the future. The last thing we need to be doing is fighting amongst each other. Okay? We don't need to be riling each other up with this petty foolishness. I literally had people hitting me up concerned about this because they honestly don't know what a Trump presidency will bring.

(1h 15m 47s):
And then I had some guys who will remain nameless even though they sitting in this room excited right now. But they were excited because they was told to report somewhere to get deed down. Okay? So listen to all listen, I just wanna tell all Trump supporters, everyone who voted for Trump, if you really dislike liberals, if you really don't like Democrats in their woke ideologies, then simply do one thing. Prove them wrong by not doing dumb ass, cheap ass racist ass stunts like this. Please give whoever is sending out these racist text messages telling people to report to the plantation the biggest he haw. Jess, why envy looking so unbothered right now? 'cause he gonna be in the house when this go down house.

(1h 16m 27s):
Oh yeah. Like how much They paying like report where to get deed down Please. He gonna be there with me. Envy looking for ai. Charla ain't going first, so I don't know what you talking about. All he gonna separate y'all though. It's gonna be like the mens brothers. You go this way, you go this way. Yep. Jesus. All right, well that was donkey today. Thank you for that donkey today. Now when we come back, let's open up the phone lines. (800) 585-1051. Jess hilarious is back. And let's talk to some of the new mothers out there. I wanna know how was the transition of going back to work? How difficult was that? We'll hear from Jess when we come back. We, we want to hear from you new moms as well.

(1h 17m 6s):
805 8 5 1 0 5 1. Was it difficult going back or were you like, You know what, take this baby. I can't wait to go back. I'm tired of goo gaga. I'm tired of, of changing Pampers. I'm tired of breastfeeding, feeding and all that other stuff. Let's discuss. It's The. Breakfast. Club. Good morning The. Breakfast Club. Morning everybody. It's Djj. NV Jess. Hilarious. Charlemagne guy. We are The Breakfast. Club. Jess is back. What's up? Lauren's here as well. And we are opening up the phone lines (800) 585-1051 for moms out there, especially new moms. Jess over there still eating like she pregnant, Period. Now I gotta eat a lot. You know when you breastfeed they tell you gotta drink double What you usually drink. You gotta eat double.

(1h 17m 47s):
Which, oh, 'cause you, yeah, you can't 'cause you're losing calories. Like you're burning calories as you breastfeed every time. So We're asking when did you realize it was time to go back or when you had to go back? Did you want to go back? So we'll start with you Jess. Did you want to come back? She me, start with Jess. Who else can have that experience? Start with you Jess. Why you look like that? Lauren? I'm sorry. Yeah, go ahead Jess. I I just felt like it was a personal thing. No, no, at first. Yeah, at, well, at six weeks. Remember when I told you I was coming back at six weeks? We was coming up on six weeks. I was like, oh no, I'm not. I was like bonding with her. I didn't wanna let her outta my sight. I didn't, I I ain't know when I was at, at that six week period, I was like, don don't know.

(1h 18m 26s):
I I don't know if I'm gonna go back. Honestly, for real. I said that then I was like, no, that's illegal. So then I, yeah. So then week seven, week eight, week nine, And I, I realized I had to take her off of my boob. Like, because I can't beat in here with the baby. I can't be on stage with the baby. You know. 'cause I'm, I'm still touring, which I started before I came back here. Bad parenting Tour. She had to fly. Yep. Bad parenting tour. I Ain't gonna, at first I felt a wave at one time when you post, when you posted all them dates, I was like a word. She could go on tour. Right? But you can't come back here with her family. I didn't feel Like that. I know you and all the people in the comments like, oh wow, you not on maternity leave from, from to. But I'm like, no I'm not. No. I have many jobs. I'm sorry. I didn't feel like that. I looked at that And. I said, oh, just realizing how much this baby cost.

(1h 19m 8s):
Okay, Back to that money Ash still got Ashton too. Like what? And then Ash is growing. He went, oh my God. It is. Listen, that's a whole nother story. But no, the getting back to work that I realized, I'm like, all right, look, I need to because you get tired of sitting around after a while it was like, all right, nope. I I love you Lord. Goodie, goodie good. But yeah, I got to go and go pop my stuff. I gotta get back. That's why I started torn back so early. Gotcha. I was like, nah. 'cause even my agents were like, we're gonna leave this the rest of the year blank. I was like, what? Mm, no, that's not what don don't wanna sit around and get lazy. I don't You were taking your baby on tour though. I saw that in your vlogs. Absolutely. Yep. Her first time flying, it was great. We got her headphones, everything was good. You know, we be in first class, so it's a lot of space and all that.

(1h 19m 50s):
Everything is good. Salute to Chris too, man. I, I, I hit just one day. And I was just like, yo man, Chris is really a good man. And the reason I said that is because I saw him traveling with you to one of your tour dates and he was, he looked like the nanny. Absolutely. Yep. He was. But his nanny is the girl, can I carry the bag, the stroller? Everything. Everything. Right. And then that's the thing, he be so tired. 'cause he went back to work at eight weeks. He went back to work and he has his own company. So it's no like he You know with a truck driver, you got your own company. You're not, you don't make money unless you're on the road or you have your drivers on the road. So it was like, nah, eight weeks is all I got for you babe. And then he went back. So it was just me, the baby and his mom. And, I realized. I'm like, damnit, I still need him for certain things too because You know this.

(1h 20m 33s):
This is 12 years later, I'm having a baby. A lot of things are new and a lot of things I need help with that I wasn't really You know, really paying attention to at first You. know what I'm saying? Yeah. So it it is kind of like starting over. Got another question. Right. Yeah. So, so his mom is, is Mexican and, and black, right? Yes. So how is that? Because She had a couple things, but don don't know. She ain't tell me about some stuff you Stupid, but Yeah, but we do d we do things differently. Like Yeah, absolutely. So how, how is that? Because she might say, no, the baby could eat this at this age, and you like, no, no. How is is that working? Be honest, this is her first grandchild and You know she got two boys, but this is her first grandchild. So she's very, what do you need? How do you want me to do it? Or like, is there a specific way that you want me to do it?

(1h 21m 13s):
That's a, and some things I just don't know. So we we're figuring it out together. Dope. Everybody. That's a blessing. Like me, Chris and his mother dope up, Ms. Lena. But yeah, we are figuring everything out together. Well, Let's go to the phone lines. Yeah. Ce Good morning, Cece. Good morning. You Good morning to everybody. Hey girl. Welcome back There. Thank you, boo. When did you realize it was time to come back? Or, or did or how hard was it for you? Well, that's another question. So I remember, I was gonna say back when I had my first son, I was a day before my 17th birthday. And I just had one. I'm 32. And it was, it was harder now than it was back then. Yeah. And, I was wondering, did you ever go through postpartum with any either one of them?

(1h 21m 56s):
Yeah, with this one. I, I really did. I girl, I wasn't even gonna speak to that, but thank you for making me be transparent this morning. I No, no, no, you're fine. You're fine. No, absolutely I did. That's why I thank God every day for like my sister, my mom and my dad, Chris Chris's mom and my son. Like I have such a big help. That's why I'm like, yo, single moms, I, if I can give y'all The World I would because I have help. And it's still very hard. Like you unsure of yourself. You think you're doing everything wrong. You don't feel pretty, you feel ugly. You feel like you're never gonna get back to like what you You know what I'm saying? Then you feel like if it takes you too long to go back to work, you feel like damn You know what I'm saying?

(1h 22m 39s):
Like what am I being? Am I getting lazy? Am I like girl, it took me a while to, to get back to myself. That's also the reason that I took longer to come back as well. 'cause I was like, I don't know, I was just in my head in and like you said, it's postpartum, but in my mind I didn't ever wanna claim it. So I never said it. Mm. I always just said like, come in my own head. But definitely it has affected me. It's much better now girl. But yeah. Wow. Yeah, that's how I was. So he's one now. And when I think for the first six months I wasn't myself. I was, I went back to work after like three weeks literally. So. Damn. I think I was just put too much on myself. Absolutely. Yeah. But I mean my, I do have my boyfriend, he's my biggest support system. So yeah.

(1h 23m 19s):
I'm thankful I had that. So yeah, welcome back and congrats. I'm happy For you. Thank you baby. And Thank you all for making my mornings a lot better. Yes Ma'am. Thank you ccc. By the way, men love how women look. We love how our women look after they have the baby because they fill out in like all the right places. So when they be lactating the breast, be full You. know what I'm saying? The hips be nice and spread. Yep. It's actually almost like, damn, I gotta wait six weeks.

(1h 23m 42s):
Hey fam, this is Carlos Miller from the 85 South Show. If you're like me, you're always thinking about how to level up your career. Maybe you're fresh outta college, just starting in your field or even looking to switch things up and find your true calling. Whatever stage you're in, remember that this is your time to grow, to learn, and to build something that lasts. State Farm understands that early career development is key to long-term success. They've been a steady presence in our community and they know having the right support early can make all the difference. State Farm is there to help you make smart moves and to help you get the coverage you need. We all know that the journey to success is a marathon, not a sprint. It's all about staying focused, staying grounded, and making sure you're protected every step of the way. Let's build our careers with confidence, knowing that State Farm is there to support us just like they've always been because Like a good neighbor. State Farm is there. Find out more@statefarm.com.

(1h 24m 37s):
Hi, I am Marie And. I'm Sydnee and we're mess, well not a mess, but on our podcast called Mess. We celebrate all things messy, but the gag is not everything is a mess. Sometimes it's just living. Yeah. Things like J-Lo on her third, divorce, living Girls Trip to Miami Mess, Ozempic. Skinny, skinny Living restaurants stealing a birthday cake mess. Wait, what flavor was the cake though? Okay, that's a good question. Hooking up with someone in accounting and then getting a promotion, living, breaking up with your girlfriend while on Instagram live Living It's kind of mess. Yeah. Well you get it. Got it. Live. Love Mess. Listen to Mess with Sydnee Washington and Marie Fa sent on iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts.

(1h 25m 31s):
Hey guys, I'm Kate Maxx. You might know me from my popular online series, the Running Interview Show where I run with celebrities, athletes, entrepreneurs, and more. After those runs, the conversations keep going. That's what my podcast Post Run High is all about. It's a chance to sit down with my guests and dive even deeper into their stories, their journeys, and the thoughts that arise once we've hit the pavement together. You know that rush of endorphins you feel after a great workout. Well that's when the real magic happens. So if you love hearing real inspiring stories from the people You know, follow and admire Join me every week for post run High. It's where we take the conversation beyond the run and get into the heart of it all. It's lighthearted pretty crazy and very fun. Listen to post Run High on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts or wherever you get your podcasts.

(1h 26m 32s):
Hey friends. Hey friends, I'm m Jessica Capshaw and This is Camilla Luddington. And We. have a new podcast. call It what It is. you may know us from Graceland Memorial, but did you know That We are actually besties in real life? And as all besties do we navigate the highs and lows of life Together? And what does that look like? A thousand pep talks, a million. I've got used some very urgent. I'm coming over because don don't know. Let's face it. Life can get even crazier than a season finale of Grey's Anatomy. And now here we are opening up the friendship circle to You. Someone's cheating. We've got you on that In-Laws are in line. Let's get into it. Toxic friendship, air it out. We're on your side to help you with your concerns. Talk about ours. And every once in a while, bring on an awesome guest to get their take on the things that you bring us. While we may be unlicensed to advise, we're gonna do it anyway. Listen to Call It What It Is on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts.

(1h 27m 33s):
What's up y'all? This is Questlove And. I'm here to tell you about a new podcast I've been working on with the Story Pirates and John Glickman called Historical Records. It's a family friendly podcast. Yeah, you heard that, right? A podcast for all ages. One you can listen to and enjoy with your kids. Starting on September 27th, I'm going to toss it over to the host of Historical records, ne Nini to tell you all about it. Make sure you check it out. Hey y'all. Nini here. I'm the host of a brand new history podcast for kids and families called Historical Records. Historical Records brings history to life through hip hop. Fast slam, another one Gone. Ba bam, another one gone. The Cracker the bat and another one gone. A Tip for the Cap is another one. Gone. Each episode is about a different inspiring figure from history like this one about Claudette Colvin, a 15-year-old girl in Alabama who refused to give up her seat on the city bus nine hold months before Rosa Parks did the same thing. Check it. And I nine months before Rosa. Get the kids in your life excited about history by tuning into historical records. Because in order to make history, you have to make some noise. Listen to historical records on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts or wherever you get your podcasts.

(1h 29m 2s):
Right? Yeah. You, know What I'm saying? Right. Every six weeks after kind of, God, you got such a sense of humor. Yeah, I know, I know. But you just don't feel like yourself. You don't feel pretty. They can tell you you're pretty A million times a day. When I wake up next to 'em, that's all I hear. But if don don't see it, if don don't feel like I'm pretty You know, even with me being in the gym for the past five weeks, I'm like, I still don't feel You know. It's just something that you can't shake and you don't, you never know what it's like until you go through it. Right. Because now I can speak to it. At first I couldn't speak to it. I never experienced post You know. Yeah, right. Postpartum. But yeah, I absolutely know now like, damn, this is it. Are you still in it? Like are you, are you still in that like trying to kick that funk or are you all the way out of it?

(1h 29m 45s):
It it comes and it goes. That's how I know. Like I'm much better now. 'cause it was every day. Like I wouldn't answer the phone. I wouldn't wanna talk to nobody. Wow. Jess. Yeah. You know all I was doing was praying. Like the only person I would talk to is God like and, and Chris. 'cause I had to 'cause he was there. You know. And then I started talking to my daughter and everything and he wasn't answering The phone. Didn't want to talk to nobody. You was doing this before postpartum. You was doing this before the baby. Whatcha talking about? Whatcha talking about 5 1 0 5 1. Jesse here talking to all the moms out there. You know. Was it difficult to get back to work? When you ready to get back to work? Let's discuss this. The. Breakfast Club. Morning everybody. The djj. NG Jess. Hilarious. Charlemagne the guy. We are The. Breakfast Club.

(1h 30m 25s):
Jess is back. Yep. Lauren LaRosa is here. We're taking your calls. 805 8 5 1 0 5 1. We're talking about you moms have just had a baby. Was it easy to get back to work? Were you ready? Was it difficult? Let's discuss. We have Jessica on line six. Jessica, good morning. Hey, what's up girl? Hey, good morning. How are y'all? We are good. How you doing? I'm Good. Welcome back. Welcome back. We missed you so Much. Thank you, babe. I miss y'all too. I definitely understand how I feel to be back. I got two kids and when it was time to go back to work, it was crazy because I was like, who coulda watch my baby? Right? No, I I wanna watch my baby. So I understand girl. Yes. But it's so good to hear your voice and to have you back.

(1h 31m 7s):
Lauren was great, but we need, we ready for you to be back. Yeah. Thank you. She absolutely is Great. I appreciate that. Thank You Jess. You are welcome. You are welcome. Y'all have a great day. You too. Did you ever look back at some of the stuff you ordered when you were pregnant? I looked at my Uber bill one day. And, I had I be like, who the F ordered tacos in the morning. I'm like, that was, Jess was eating tacos for breakfast. I know It was all kinds of stuff going. It was all kind. McDonald's, Alfredo, Alfredo, Italian. You wanted all types. I wanted A steak, All of that. I was sitting there looking. I'm like, damn. Justin was like, whatever. I know. Envy. Hello. Who's this? Hey, good morning, it's Monet. Monet. Good morning, Monet. What's up girl? Good Morning. Good morning.

(1h 31m 47s):
First of all, congratulations Jess on the baby. Thank you. I have a Marley as well. She's seven months. Oh, congratulations. Yes, congratulations to you too. But I wanted to kind of share about the return to work for me because I'm in the education system. So for me personally, when I, my return to work day was over the summer, so it wasn't like it was a whole block for me to come to do. I barely had to come in. Yeah. But then when the school year started, I was kind of like really struggling and it took one of my coworkers who told to pull me to the side and say, Hey, what's going on? I mean, like, I literally just got my hair done for the first time on Friday. Yeah. I Relate.

(1h 32m 28s):
Oh, don't I Mr. Sha, what Happened talking about your wig? Oh, again, him. No, Lauren. No Lauren. I was just saying to me it took some time to get back and doing my hair and all the things. So it's, it's a small one. I didn't Even have no baby. I didn't even have a baby. Right. That's the thing. They really trying to come to you and you and you didn't even have the kids, but Right. It's right because he don't even have no hairline even when they hair do try fake growing. So it's cool. Damn. Sorry, Jess, I've been fighting for my life. Welcome back. Thank you for coming. I'm so sorry I'm back. But yeah, Jess, congratulations to you. Thank you, honey. On the return back, I think for anybody listening, I know one thing I struggle with personally was losing about 25 bags of breast milk during hurricane Helene.

(1h 33m 12s):
Damn. Oh my God. So yeah, I I, that was the funeral that I didn't get to do it the first time. Yeah. So like you, I, I was able to do it the second time and losing all that milk was super, super hard for me. Yeah. So anyway, I think all in all, having a village, especially for the moms who may not live in the same city and all that, where they're from, you gotta have that community. Absolutely. You gotta have that community. Yeah. So yeah. Congrat, congrats again to your Marley. Thank you baby. All Righty. Mama. Losing 25 bags of breast milk. That's like Jay-Z losing them 72 bricks. Boy, Man, that is crazy because that's the ounce you can't buy. You understand what I'm saying? Like that that that milk, that's crazy. I, I spilled, I just spilled milk this morning.

(1h 33m 54s):
Like I cry every time. It's so hard. 'cause thank God that she even had 25 milk, I mean 25 bags of milk You. know what I'm saying? I can't I don, I only pump like hours ahead. I'm not even at that point yet where I can, that's why she has to travel with me. That's why she Yeah. You know what I mean, that's why I'm glad that I do have this job. 'cause I'm only, we're only on air about what, three hours, four hours at the most. But I gotta get right back, You, know what I'm saying? Until I increase my milk flow enough to pump days and days ahead. You know. 25 Bags. How much is that like a week? Hell no. That's like three days, four days. Wow. Yeah. Especially how my daughter eat. Allie, good Morning. Good morning.

(1h 34m 34s):
Good morning. Hey girl. Talk to us mama. Hey, and congratulations, Jess. Thank you, babe. So when I went back to work with my youngest, it was out of necessity. I bartended at a sports bar. And I was two weeks postpartum, so I was still You know, wearing big pads and all that stuff. I couldn't wear my uniform. And they like us to wear like tight stuff, Daisy, duke, things like that. I didn't have my body back. I wasn't ready. I squeezed into a pair of jeans. And I felt good. I got to work. My male manager saw me and he instantly cornered me and started screaming at me, telling me, I think I'm special because I had a baby.

(1h 35m 15s):
Mm. So I had all these hormones and started crying. And he is like, you're not gonna cry. I am gonna call the effing police on you. Jesus. What? Damn what? His name? His place? Yeah. I, I can, I still work there, so I Can't say, but must be Trump Tower You know longer. Hey, did you get that text? He, he actually did not get in trouble for that. My wow. Higher up told me that I would get an excuse if something had happened. Like maybe my bladder had came out with birth, but that didn't happen. So I need to be in uniform. Oh wow. In uniform sportswear. Was it Hooters? She came say, and Basically like Hooters? Yes. Very similar. Very similar. Okay. Mm.

(1h 35m 54s):
Wow. Well, I'm sorry for You. My, so it, it was a lot of feelings, but yeah, it's nice to be backed out in The World and talk to people. Yeah. It's just hard because you're never not a mother. Yeah. You're always still a mother. And when you go out and people just treat you like you're nothing, it's really, it's really hard. Well, I'm sorry that you went through that, but you are stronger than ever to still be working there, but for real. Oh, thank you. Because you gotta do what you gotta do. So that's a trip, my Mom. You gotta do what you gotta do for the babies. That's right. That's right, girl. Have a good one. Allie. Have a good one. Congratulations Dad. Thanks babe. Alright. I bet it was Green Turtle. Oh, I used to go there when I was school. Go. What? Wasn't Turtle Bar like restaurants.

(1h 36m 37s):
It's like, it's a sports bar. What happened in like Maryland and Delaware? Yeah. Dover. They got in Dover. Oh. They, that's the only place they got it at. Don't have Green Turtle. I thought it was like all over the country. No, never heard of Green Turtle. We used to go there for drinks. That's crazy. Are you, what's the, because with Hershey said she had to go back to work for necessity. But you, you are, you make your own work that, has that been like, you are like a, that's like a plus or was that tough to like You, know what I mean? Like I'm just not used to sitting down and then I being a See, 'cause I'm, I don't say I'm an influencer, like I'm an influencer. So it's like, my thing is I can't sit too long. So I had to do the tour. I got fans that wanted to You know the listeners. They wanna hear me.

(1h 37m 17s):
It's just like a lot of pressure. I wouldn't necessarily say necessity, but I still got things to do. You know I still have a job. I still have jobs. You know And. I Take care. You know of a lot of people like You know my, my mom and You know I have staff. Like when I say I take care of people, I have staff, like people that actually are on payroll, they do jobs like they have jobs too. So you gotta You know. The CCEO can't be out too long. You know what I mean? Right. Like respectfully for a baby, yes, but you have to return to work. That's just what it is. You know. And, and yeah, you, you need your bread because the bulk of my money is my tour.

(1h 37m 57s):
You know who tried to take your job? You know who tried to take your job up here. Oh my God. Try To be an influencer. He an influencer now. No man. You ain't see his Videos. He influencer. Now you gotta Look the part. If you going to try to influence somebody. What? That's he I started the Waste trainers and he was doing the tease too. I did see something. She Got a waist trainer over her wig right now. What you think, what you think keeping that wig from just Poofing out and being all over the place. Like a big ass afro. She looked like Colin Kaepernick right now. If she didn't have that wig trainer on her ankle, God. Oh my God. That was your best joke. That was joke. That for real. I'm trying to help you out. Right here. Right here. Angry. That was a good one. Ain't thought That was a good one. You had that.

(1h 38m 38s):
Alright, when we come back, we got pastor, the s nla will be joining us. So don't go anywhere. It's The. Breakfast Club. Good morning The. Breakfast. Club. Morning Everybody. It's djj. nv. Just hilarious. Charlemagne the guy We are The. Breakfast. Club Jess. Hilarious is back. And. I am. That's right. Lauren LaRosa is here. And it's time for pass the arcs. Yeah. DJ come Spin. Spin. What's up Nyla? Big Nyla. What's up guys?

(1h 39m 17s):
Welcome back Jess. Hey, thank You Babe. Welcome, welcome. How y'all feeling? Blessed Morning this Friday. Girl. I know y'all got food. It smells great in here. You been Wutang last night, right? Yeah. dj. This Wu-Tang event. They did a collab with Nike. Like a shoe. I got it. Yeah. The shoes done. You He had a dunk. Oh, Look at you Chip. He really think he a fake influencer. No, he got, he got the limited edition one too, with the box and everything. The dope boxing, all that. Oh really? Gonna do a video later. Just wait. Okay. Trying to take your job. I see. Alright, well let's get into the music. Abso just dropped his project today and the record that I really liked on there. Vince Staples went crazy on this record, but Abso really went crazy too.

(1h 39m 59s):
California drink. Okay. Ooh. Dropping a cruise bombs for Abso man. Abso gets busy. I feel like we had a little more bass in here. It hit harder, but yeah. Hit Real rapper. Yeah, yeah, yeah. He real rapper, Real things. He really be using words. I almost Choked on my To Harbert. All right. Next. asap. Ferk dropped this project too. I'm just gonna get the new music out the way. Hey, now this record in particular, I just, it was really introspective and he talked about being molested as a little boy, Man. Laughing at him. That is huh? Why the man laughing? He said the guy, he used to see the guy and the guy, he used to smile and laugh. He said smile like we kept a like they kept a secret together. Yeah. Oh, that. No, but he, it was like over his head right Here. Okay. So what, when he first started, like he said he drowned at two.

(1h 40m 40s):
He Used to drown him in the pool. Oh he To drown him in the pool, I think. How many times did he drown? I, I don't know. I just heard the record. Thought it was crazy. And. I. Like This Is, he grew up, he's damn. That's crazy respect that heard though. I mean that's a hard thing. It's hard for men to talk about being molested. You know period. Definitely. Right? Yeah. Even if it's a woman. But it's definitely hard if it was a dude You know. Yeah. Yeah. No, I hope this opens up more conversations for people to be more open. 'cause he also talks about how it affects him and his relationship. Now. You know, just figuring out sexuality. So, and you Could tell it was in a child talking. 'cause he said private. He's a dick. He said You know. He the man touched my private. Hope the guy's in jail though. 'cause for him to still be walking around smiling at him.

(1h 41m 20s):
Close your mouth. No, I feel Just shut up now. That was not the time I was yawning. This guy is so crazy. I'm like, I'm saying I didn't know that was the yawn either. So crazy. I didn't know what was happening either. That wasn't ne yawn. But yeah, I didn't know that guy should definitely be in jail. No, absolutely. I agree with you. Absolutely be in jail for a long time. All right, now I'm gonna get into this new artist. He's outta Queens. His name's Bully and he did a really dope remix to problem. I like that. I like that. I like how many people been taking Layla's like problem and her sampling that it ain't missed yet. That's dope. Everybody that done did it Cash Bain or bully. Yes. I love it. That's dope. Is it corny when a man says you a problem, but I wanna be your solution.

(1h 41m 60s):
That's what he said. No, that's Charmagne. Just if That's what you said, then yes. That's He said on, he said it sounded swag. Have and like You. know the approach. All you gotta do is add Queen on that and it'll be the corniest ever. Queen, can I be your solution? Queen, Queen, queen. Problem. Problem. Then he said, I'm finna use a condom. What's wrong with that? Nothing. But why? You gotta announce that you should To be a given. No, Don't act like rappers are talking about that. Everybody talking about no going raw and we ain't used a condom and Yeah. I like that though. That was my favorite today that you just played. Oh, Period. Shout out to Bully.

(1h 42m 40s):
Shout out to Bully. But Paul Queens, don't gimme the line. don don't know. I shot the bully. Yeah. You know I'm from Queens too. Envy. You are not From Queens. Well, I might as well be Y'all don't claim me. No. Why? You might as well be from Queens. You went to St. John. Yeah, she, oh, okay. You know how gonna throw Maryland away just like that. I'm not throwing it away. It's like they adopted me. She Germany. I Was born in Germany, raised in Maryland. Grew up in New York. You was born To Germany. Yeah, I know. That's right. Yes. All right. All right. Make sure Y'all follow me on the ground before Charlemagne says something stupid and kills a whole high. Follow me at N-Y-L-A-S-Y-M-O-N-E-E-E. Make sure you guys tap in. We got playlists, we got events. And make sure you guys have it to my podcast. We need to talk at W-N-T-T-O-K And And salute the Rayquan.

(1h 43m 22s):
You was with him last night, so it made me think of his Historia. The new dis dispensary in Newark, New Jersey. It's open right now. Nice. Seven nine. Nine Broad Street in Newark, New Jersey opens at 11:00 AM every day. The big grand opening is next week Wednesday, but they're open right now. Oh, Who's DJ in that? don Don't know. You know. Let me find out. Yeah, Find out. Get back with. Get back with my Dj. dj. Yes. Yeah, We can have you come dj. All Right. All now. When we come back, we got the People's Choice mix. We throw it back on a Friday. It's The, Breakfast, Club. Good morning, The. Breakfast Club. Your mornings will never be the same Morning everybody. It's DJ Envy, Jess. Hilarious. Charlamagne the guy. We are The Breakfast. Club on the roast this year as well.

(1h 44m 3s):
And Jess is back. How's it feel your first day back? If Feels good, if it was good, I ain't gonna lie. Look, And I almost let the show go by without me promoting. Then I'm gonna be in DC this Friday at 7:00 PM at the Warner Theater. You also get y'all tickets. D this MB tonight or next Friday. Oh, damn, I I feel like it's Monday. My bad. Who would I start on a Friday? Anyway, next Friday. Next next Friday. Yes. November 15th. We at the Warner Theater. Me and my brother Desi Alexander. The show starts at 7:00 PM Y'all get y'all tickets@jesshilariousofficial.com. Again, Warner Theater. It starts at 7:00 PM Doors open at six. Get your tickets. DC There You go. All right, well, when we come back, we got the positive notice. The. Breakfast. Club. Good morning. Morning everybody. It's DJ Envy.

(1h 44m 43s):
Jess. Hilarious. Charlamagne the guy We are The. Breakfast. Club. Jess is back. Yeah, it's official. She is back every day. Yes. Every day. Every day. No, I was that a question and be like, yes, I'm back. Every Day. Every day. Like she Joel and being and she not gonna play back to back game. She back. Joel gonna be here Monday. Monday, Wednesday and Friday. I'm here Every day. Y'all. Lauren, the is here as well. Yes. Now it's time for the Positive Note. Charlemagne. Yes. The positive note is simply this. No matter how many times people try to criticize you, the best revenge is to prove them wrong. Have a great day. It's still the same thing. Shout out, God. He said this the last day I was here. Why are you getting recycling the Positive Note Breakfast Club bitches.

(1h 45m 23s):
We finish. Y'all finished or y'all done?

(1h 45m 26s):
Hi, I am Marie and I'm Sydnee and we're mess. Well, not a mess, but on our podcast called Mess. We celebrate all things messy, but the gag is not everything is a mess. Sometimes it's just living. Yeah. Things like J-Lo on her third, divorce, living Girls Trip to Miami, mess. Breaking up with your girlfriend while on Instagram Live living, it's kind of mess. Yeah. Well, you get it. Got it. Live. Love mess. Listen to Mess with Sydnee Washington and Refa on iHeartRadio, App, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts.

(1h 46m 6s):
Hey guys, I'm Kate Maxx. You might know me from my popular online series, the Running Interview Show where I run with celebrities, athletes, entrepreneurs, and more. After those runs, the conversations keep going. That's what my podcast Post Run High is all about. It's a chance to sit down with my guests and dive even deeper into their stories, their journeys, and the thoughts that arise once we've hit the pavement together. Listen to Post Run High on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts.

(1h 46m 42s):
Hey friends, Hey friends. I'm m Jessica. Capshaw and This is Camilla Luddington. And We. have a new podcast. call It What It is. you may know us from Graceland Memorial, but did you know That We are actually besties in real life? And as all besties do we navigate the highs and lows of life together, big or small? We are there and now here we are opening up the Friendship circle to you. Listen to Call It What It Is on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts.

(1h 47m 14s):
Hey everyone, this is Courtney Thorn Smith, Laura Layton And Daphne Zuniga On July 8th, 1992, apartment buildings with pools were never quite the same as Melrose Place was introduced to The World. We are going to be reliving every hookup, every scandal, and every single wig removal together. So listen to still the place on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you listen to podcasts.

(1h 47m 43s):
Hello, my un deadly darlings. It's Theresa, your resident ghost host, and do I have a treat for you? Haunting is crawling out from the shadows and it's going to be devilishly Good. We've got chills, thrills and stories that'll make you wish the lights stayed on. So Join me, won't you? Let's dive into the Eerie Unknown together. Sleep tight. If you can listen to Haunting on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts.