
Good morning. USA Yo Yo. Yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo, yo yo, yo Yo. Lord LaRosa filling in for Jess. Hilarious. Good morning, Charlamagne. God. Peace to the planet. Is Tuesday election day as hell? Yeah. Today is election day is Tuesday. Election day. How y'all feeling out there? Y'all up and about y'all getting your out voting already or are you heading to the polls? Good morning. Polls Open. 6:00 AM Yeah. Polls will be open Right now. Polls open 6:00 AM right now. Polls are open. Yeah. Listen, man, I feel blessed black and highly favored. Happy to be here for another day to serve our beautiful listeners, And I. Hope that We The People us and our beautiful listeners.


I hope we go out there and do our civic duty and serve our country today. Go out there and cast our votes. That's right. That's right. You know I tried to go Sunday, but I wanted a little too late, so I just missed the time. So I'm gonna be going this morning. Charlemagne was gonna try to go yesterday. Thank God I told 'em not to. Hey, I saw people voting yesterday. You said I, you, you said that. I know early voting closed, but I damn sure saw people voting yesterday in New Jersey. It was new something. Might have been New York. New. New. Might have been New York, or Yeah, it might have been New York. don don't remember. I Fought today too, in Delaware. Yes. New Jer, New Jersey. You couldn't vote yesterday, but today is voting. Get, get your ass out there and vote today. Nah, man.


You gotta go out there and do your civic duty. I know a lot of people out there feel different ways, feel, feel various ways and various feelings in regards to You know. Does their vote count? Does their vote matter? I would tell you that. Yes, it does. Right? Because if it didn't matter, they wouldn't try, try so hard to stop you from doing it. So And, I'm a person that likes to complain. So being that I like to complain, I wanna be able to participate in the process to be able to properly complain. That's right. I I, I heard a lot of people saying You know they're in a state that's usually democratic, or a state that's usually Republican, and they're like, well, I don't wanna vote. My state is already this anyway, or my state is that Anyway. But no, it, it can switch.


It can swap immediately. So get your ass out there and vote Please. Yeah, I just want us to have a free and fair election all across the board. I mean, I know that there's gonna be election interference some places. There's gonna be You know voter suppression in some places, but hey man, the only defense that people usually have against voter suppression is large voter turnout. So go out there and do your civic duty. That's all I can tell you. That's right. And tonight, I just wanna remind you guys, let you guys know that The Breakfast Club and the Native Land Podcast will be doing a live coverage from dc right? So we're gonna be headed to DC in a little bit to salute to Andrew Gillum, Angela Rye, and Tiffany, we are gonna be hanging out with Tiffany Cross.


Yeah. Tiffany Cross. We're gonna be hanging out with them tonight in DC talking about everything that's going on. I'm excited about this because I used to, as a kid, I would always watch CNN or Channel two, channel five, whatever your local news station is. And a lot of times You know it would be, it would be confusing though. It would be boring. Yeah. So I think we can talk to the people the way that we talk and, and, and hopefully enlighten them in a better way that they did back then. Well, let's be clear, Angela, ride Tiffany and Andrew. They, they talk like that, but they know how to communicate. Correct? Yeah, They got It. They got the balance. Yes. Yes. Absolutely. Yeah. Absolutely. Absolutely. I can't wait for, for doing that. Later. We gonna be heading to DC All right. But let's get the show crack and we got front page news. Morgan Wood will be joining us, so we'll talk to her next.


So don't go anywhere. It's The. Breakfast, Club. Good morning. Morning everybody. It's DJ Envy, just hilarious Charlamagne guy. We are The Breakfast Club on the filling in for Jesse. Let's get in some front page news. Now. Monday night Football, the Kansas City Chiefs beat the Tampa Bay Buccaneers 30 24. They are undefeated still eight and o this season. Did you watch any of the game Charlamagne? No. The Chiefs are good though. Chiefs a solid team. Chiefs League look amazing. A little better than solid. But Morning Morgan solid. They, they going, they gonna lose to the Ravens when they play the Ravens again. Hey, not too much on my team. Okay, calm down. Good morning. It was, I'm giving Y'all props. I said hold over now you got the, the chiefs of your team too now.


Oh, No, no. I thought you was, I thought you was saying, okay, nevermind. All right, cool. Go off King tell. Alright. Nah, good, good morning y'all. Big day today. Election day Tuesday, November 5th. And of course, on top of the front page news is the making sure you exercise your right to vote. Shout out to all the first time voters. You got a big job today. So, Vice, President, Kamala, Harris And, former president Donald Trump, were blitzing key battleground states as the 2024 campaign wrapped up yesterday, VP Harris held a campaign event in Scranton, Pennsylvania, where she made her last push to voters and warned that Trump is divisive. Let's hear more from VP Harris in Scranton. Let's be intentional about building community, about building community, about building coalitions, about reminding people we all have so much more in common than what separates us.


And over these last You know this whole era of this other guy You know it, but it what it's done with all that talk that's been about trying to have us point fingers at each other and divide each other. It makes people feel alone. Yes. Hey, now that's something I agree with. Be intentional about building community that is important. How many people wake up every day and they say to themselves, they're going to be intentional about building community, meaning You know, connect with people that are, are on the same things you want, but also connect with people who not. 'cause that's what makes it a, a, a, a productive society if you ask me. Yeah, I always say that. I always say You know conversation is always better than arguing. Like it's okay to have a conversation if somebody doesn't necessarily agree with you, agree with, or have the same You know, whatever it may be.


It's okay to have a conversation. You, You learn sometime in disagreement too. Hmm. You learn a lot in disagreement sometimes too. Absolutely. Very true. Okay, so the vice president, she spent her entire day yesterday in Pennsylvania with five rallies. That was her last campaign stop in Philadelphia, where she held an event at the outside of the City's Museum of Art that featured Lady Gaga, the roots Ricky Martin, also Oprah Winfrey, jazzy Jeff and Fat Joe also attended rallies for Harris yesterday in Pennsylvania. Now also in Pennsylvania. Those 19 electoral votes is a key prize among seven, the seven all important swing states. And now Trump, he held four rallies across three states yesterday, one in North Carolina, one in Michigan, and two in Pennsylvania.


So y'all see Pennsylvania shout out pa. So he went after VP Harris and made his last push to voters. Let's hear from former President Trump in Pennsylvania. She's violated her oath of office. She's eradicated our sovereign border and unleashed an army of gangs and criminal migrants from prisons and jails. Just show up and bring your vote. And if you have somebody else that got a little lazy, bring that person to Bring all the voters. Okay? Yeah. So sticking around in Pa, Pennsylvania, Philadelphia to be exact District attorney Larry Krasner, he activated the city's election task force. It means the city will handle any possible situation where someone tries to interfere with the election In Philadelphia, speaking at a press conference yesterday, Krassner said, anyone who decides to play those games will be subject to an arrest.


But he said it in a very special way. Let's hear from Philly DA Larry Krassner. Everybody in this city is working and has been working for months to make sure that there will be nothing tough about that experience and nothing to fear and that experience. But I also wanna be clear, anybody who thinks it's time to play militia f around and find out anybody who thinks it's time to insult, to deride, to mistreat, to threaten people f around and find out. We do have the cuffs. We do have the jail cells, we do have the Philly juries, and we have the state prisons.


Period. Poo F around and find out if Hey Jesus, yeah, if you want to, Yeah, don don't know who writing the script for this, for this season of this is America, but I guarantee it's a diversity hire. That was fantastic. Jesus and And I Wish Merrick Garland had that kind of energy when it came to locking Trump up a few years ago. So, of course, officials say anyone that may encounter any type of physical threat or, or, or violence, when they go to vote at any poll anywhere across the country, be sure to reach out to your local law enforcement. Of course, that number is 9 1 1. So Yep. It's gonna, it's gonna be pockets of that. It's gonna be little pockets of that all around the country. I think country, I mean, you, you seeing it now, you hearing these stories about You know people assaulting people at the polls for You know paraphernalia they wearing are people trying to intimidate folks at the polls?


I gave the little boy You know donkey the day last week in Florida, the 18-year-old who I think he wielded an ax us something on a bat at, at some older lady. Yep. So you, you, you gonna see that. You saw the lady in Orangeburg who got into it with the guy who had on the Let's go Brandon Hat. It's gonna be little pockets of that all around the country. Yeah. But You know, I I would also tell people, you, you also remember that a lot of those people are volunteers and they're just trying to follow the rules and regulations in some cases. So just make sure You know your rules and regulations when you're go into your polls. Absolutely. And I would tell some of those people that you can get shot. 'cause a lot of those folks You know are in states You know where you can carry open Carry. Yeah. So you better be careful. All Right.


F around and find out for real. All right y'all, we'll get caught up with the VP Hos on the other side and also New York Governor Kathy Hoel. She's got some comments in regards to the real election. We'll talk about that more at 7:00 AM Alright, everybody else get it off your chest. 805 8 5 1 0 5 1. If you need to vent, call us up right now. It's The Breakfast. Club. Good morning, Ray. Ray. Ray. Yo, Charla, man. Envy. What up are we live? This is your time to get it off your chest. I Got an indoor pool, a outdoor Pool. We wanna hear from you on The. Breakfast Club. We can get on the phone right now here and tell you what it's, Hello. Who's this? Andrew, You said Andrew? Yes, sir. Morning. Good morning. How y'all doing?


Peace, Andrew. Good. Good. Good Morning, Lauren. Good morning. Yeah, so I wanted to just talk real quick about how important it's to go on vote for BP Harris. We, this is not the time to sit out. This election is too important and how everybody's saying Donald Trump is too dangerous for everybody's democracy. And I. I don't, I don't know if some people even remember, but the abolishment of slavery wasn't until 1860 something. So if Trump even went back to 17, whatever he's talking about, he could take us all, take the portion of where we were not changed anymore away.


So I I don don don't know if people even thinking about that either. Are you talking about the, the conversations he was having about reviving the alien, the Alien Enemies Act from the 17 hundreds? Well, not not even just that. I mean, we were were black people a part of the Aliens Act. I I don't even, I think that was separate. I don't know. I that's what I thought you was talking about. You know the, the Aliens Enemies Act of 1790, which allows the US president to detain, relocate, or deport non-citizens from a country considered an enemy of the US during wartime. And he's been suggesting that he, he would, he would, he would implement that for some reason.


And he was suggesting he'd pursue a death penalty for undocumented immigrants if they're convicted. A killing Americans. Well, Thank you Andrew for checking in. Okay man. Hello. Who's this? Hey, how you doing? This is Brandon Black. What's up? Get it off your chest. What's up Brandon Black. Hey, How you doing? Charlamagne the guy I was calling Till like raise awareness about depression because this weekend me and my wife went through a loss. My wife lost her uncle and my brother lost his dad. So I know a lot of people going to be going through things and you just gotta just continue to think positive You know and not dwell on the negative.


Yeah. And I know another, another thing that's on how people going through depression is this election. Yep. So I also did a little song telling people to like, just get out there and vote and no matter what happens, You know God got the last say. So You know God is the best author and finisher. And I would tell you to perform the song, but people are depressed enough. And you are absolutely right that today is election day and the election has been causing a lot of anxiety and a lot of people. But also it's the holidays. So it's a lot of seasonal depression going around. So everybody does need to go out there and take care of yourself. If you got a therapist, keep them on speed Doc. Hey man, I appreciate y'all.


Make sure y'all get out there and vote. Alright brother, have a good one. Alright Man, enjoy life. Get it off your chest. 805 8 5 1 0 5 1. If you need to vent, hit us up now. It's The Breakfast. Club. Good morning, The Breakfast Club. This Is your time to get it off your chest. Whether you're mad or blessed, I hate the way that you walk, the way that you talk. I hate the way that you dress. Everything with me is blessed. Call up next five eight five one oh five one. Not Just me, I'm with the coach of Phil. Hello, who's this? Good morning. This is Taisha. Good morning, envy. Good morning. What's up Ty? You get it off name.


All right. So what I want to get off my chest is basically a conversation I hear you're having all the time about Drake still being mad and showing how mad he is. And also it's what I said about Diddy Sons and Ray J. So envy you always saying like, the reason that they're mad is because they have personal relationships and Charlotte never understands that. And I'm definitely just doubling up on what you said. So I feel like with Drake and Kendrick, Drake is more mad with Kendrick. I mean not Kendrick future and the Weekend because he had personal relationships with them. So imagine someone you thought was your friend, you found out they didn't like you on the track. don don't think he's more so mad about Kendrick, even though clearly that hurt his feelings.


Not about the people who he thought he had relationships with. Who he found out didn't like him on the track. Oh no. Man, man, I have to, I I have to strongly disagree with that. I mean, Drake has already even said on the record that the the future, the future situation makes him sick to his stomach. Meaning that he, he don't want that beef. Like I think that was on the, he said that on the Family Matters record, if I'm not, he said one of those records, he said the Future beef Is the one that that had his stomach hurting. Yeah. And clearly Kendrick has one bothered 'cause anything revolving around the Kendrick situation is what he seems to be bothered about the most. That DeMar der Rosen thing the other night that was 'cause DeMar Derro is from Compton and Kendrick mentioned him in the song and Kendrick mentioned him in the video. Amy. Alright, the question, did Kendrick and DeMar ever have a relationship really before this?


Like, that's gonna hurt your feelings. But that's the whole point. We, we, we don't know. Like yes, we we don't the relationship, we don't know how cool they are. They all the same way. And What you talking about? We interviewed DeMar Dero, like DeMar said, him and Kendrick, they, they homies from Compton, right? They, they cool, but I don't know how close they are. Like we, we, we don't for Thanksgiving. He literally said he, he was Cool interview em though. He just Said no, no, no. But you got selective hearing. That's the problem. He said that I don came down Drake And Kendrick I. don didn't. He was cool with Kendrick. He said he got lawful he for them. But he had a relationship with Drake. We played the clip yesterday. And When y'all speak again, clarify it. You played clip This election day.


Guys, can we, can we talk about yesterday Lauren? Lauren, Did we not play the clip yesterday? Okay. Both Kaela, Kamala. Kamala, we did play the clip yesterday. Said, he said that he was cool with both of, however Kendrick was his. Oh, we got the clip. Go ahead. We Played the clip. Now you played in Toronto for years, but then Kendrick's from Compton, Drake is from Toronto. That's your guy. How do you, how do you choose what you're gonna get into and what you're not gonna get into at that point? Love 'em both. But at the end of the day, it's like I'm, I'm from Compton. Like my city where I'm from, where I'm born, love them both my family still live. It's like it comes first before love them both. Any real person Y'all never met Y You know. And that's just what it is. Have You, and that's why y'all Said We don't, nothing said, we dunno their relationship. That's not what he did.


Y'all hear what he said? Just said, I love them both. What Alive y'all get in the situation y'all get into, you Don't listen. I'm gonna vote. Okay. Alright, forget about that. Let's go about the election. I did early vote And I. I'm from the Bronx. Real You know crazy people. Come stop. Don't do that. I moved, I moved to North Carolina. Clearly a Trump little town. So I early voted on Saturday. So I'm standing behind this white lady a, a white man comes out. He asked her, who you voting for? She said it's confidential. He said, don't make me change my doctor. That made my anxiety act up so bad. Really? That's how racist they are in a little town. Don't make me change my doctor Everywhere.


Can I ask you a hypothetical question? And I know this would never happen. But if you went to the voting booth and somebody said, who you voting for? Trump or Kamala? And you say, Hey, I love them both, but at the end of the day, I'm a woman. So I'm voting for Kamala. Who people think you, who you riding with? Goodbye Taisha. You have a good morning. Duh. That's exactly what DeMar DeRozan just said. She Said that so softly. She said Kamala. And by the way Lauren, do you see how they both tried to cut it off? They did a real Trump move just now. I did. They tried to cut it off right after they heard what they wanted to hear. I did come even though DeMar Dero Red let the whole thing play. What you talking the whole clip Play? No you didn't. You cut it off. The man said I love them both. But at the end of the day, I'm from Compton, I'm riding with Kendrick.


He Said, I'm from Compton. This say I was You. know what? Forget it. You cut it Off. I don't control it now. Now I control the sound effects. Shut up man. Not control the clips. Shut man. Shut up My, I'm riding with both of y'all, but at the end of the day, yeah. Who you voting for? Kamala. I thought you said Trump. So you said Trump behind the seat. No Don don't. I'm just Messing with you. See, see, see how things get tied up? Get it off your chest. 805 8 5 1 0 5 1. If you need to vent, you can hit us up Now we got just what the mess coming up. What we talking about? We do. We gonna talk some voting things. There's a lot trending this morning. I thought it was really interesting and we gonna get into some of the celebrities who've been posting about voting in Rihanna. She went viral yesterday for her voting commentary. Alright, We'll get into that. Next is The. Breakfast. Club. Good morning The. Breakfast Club.


Morning everybody. It's DJ Envy. Jess. Hilarious. Charlemagne the guy. We are The. Breakfast. Club. Lauren LaRosa filling in for Jess. And let's get to Jess with the Mess. News is real. Jess Robin Moore. Jess don't do no lying. Don't do, She don't spell nobody Worldwide mess on The. Breakfast Club. She's the coach. Lauren. Lauren Osa. I back And. I got the Mess. Talk to me. Alrighty y'all. So it is election day and anytime when I come in in the morning, I'm preparing to get dressed with the best together. One of the things that I look at is like, what are you guys out there talking about caring about and why?


So this morning I came in and one of my producers shout out to Sim Sim was like, yo, what I notice on the Google trends and what she's talking about is what are people searching in the US the most across Google? She's like, it's all voting stuff. And I know that. There's like so many conversations right now about are people getting out to vote? Do people care? Are people getting off the couch? And, I will say, based off these trends, I think we are defeating the couch. So one of the top trends right now is what time does voting open? And you can Google that to find it out in your area. And there's over 500,000 people right now actively searching that. And it's going up as we speak. People are searching. So Lauren, Yes. You telling me people are Googling voting like they do Target? Yes. What time does voting open?


Yes. You mean the polls? Yes. The polls. Yes. Now listen, you also have next up is Trump versus Harris polls. Like not the actual voting polls, but the polls. I wanna, I think people wanna see the numbers vote. People are Googling voting near me. Where can I vote? Am I registered to vote? What do I need to bring to vote? Polling place hours, voting registration status. What time do the, and then I thought this was interesting. What time do the polls open in PA is one of the rising ones right now it's, it's on the lower end with 10,000 people, 10,000 plus people searching this actively right now. But it's going up And I do believe You know there was a big move yesterday in Pennsylvania with everyone that was there with Kamala to support her and Oprah and Fat Joe.


So yeah, these are some of the trends that's happening right now. So if you are looking for that information, join your fellow You know online users and, and, and Google it and search it. Now speaking of Pennsylvania, Pennsylvania Polls open up at 7:00 AM by the way. Thank you for that Charla. The 8:00 PM Yeah, that Look at you on your Google. I know, that's right. So speaking of Pennsylvania, I, I know we talked about this in front page news, but I actually wanted to hear You know from Oprah and from Fat Joe who were there with Kamala Harris. Let's take a listen to Oprah. Yesterday I was all the way across the country. And I was hiking on a Sunday afternoon. And I met a woman named Angela who told me that she was gonna sit this one out. Now I know she was immediately sorry. She told me that 'cause I would not let up.


So I said sit this one out. We don't get to sit this one out. If we don't show up tomorrow, it is entirely possible that we will not have the opportunity to ever cast a ballot again. That's a fact. Yeah. don don't know why people playing with it. That's what authoritarian rule does. I don't know why we playing with it. Yeah. And that, and that's literally been said to us as well too. Now we also You know, heard Fat Joe speaking yesterday or if you didn't hear, we're gonna play it for you right now. But he touched on a lot of things. So let's take a listen to Fat Joe speaking on pride and, and how your pride needs to come into this voting. This message is gonna be short but sweet.


And it's about pride to my Latinos, not just to Puerto Ricans, to my Mexican brothers and sisters. The day I seen Donald Trump come down that escalator and call of Mexicans, drug dealers and rapists, he obviously didn't know the Mexican Americans that I know. If that wasn't enough, we had Hurricane Maria where people were walking in water up to waist deep. Families were fighting. I went to Puerto Rico, they had no water, they had no supplies. The man went over there and threw tissue at the people of Puerto Rico. Where's your pride?


If you still out there talking about you might be voting for somebody or you're not decided. Where's your pride as a Latino? Now How did that make you feel as a Dominican? I did that. Did Fat Joe's speech move you? Fat Joe's speech did move me. But I'm not Latino. I'm actually black Dominican. His, his speech did move me. I mean, he's speaking from a place of somebody who's fighting the fight and been fighting the fight for a long time. He went there. And I. Remember him getting Floyd Mayweather, rock Nation and everybody else that could fill up jets. 'cause there was no planes going there to, to just fill up those jets with supplies and, and help his people out. So yeah, it, it, it definitely moved me. But I am African American. I'm black sir. Yo, he wanna Let say you Live on election day.


Go ahead Y'all. I'll say I like Fat Joe's piece too. But Fat Joe definitely knows some Mexican drug dealers. Not all, like, not, not all Mexican to drug dealers. He a couple shut, shut up. Knew a couple. Knew What he, what he said what he said that I was like, oh, he Knew. He knew a couple. He knew a couple. Yeah, but the, okay, alright. Back in the day, a long, long, long, long time ago. Not anymore, but go ahead. Well also too, so Nori mentioned, or, or Noriega mentioned that, or is it gonna be We didn't play it. Oh, we didn't play it. Okay. Well, well, fat Joe also talked about the fact that You know when everything happened at Madison Square Garden with Donald Trump. It wasn't funny. He said, You know, I like to joke around, tell stories, but that was not funny whatsoever. And more importantly, he says, people know Fat Joe for being real.


Like he's authentic. You can trust him. You can believe him. Yes. And here's where he's throwing all of his support. Let's take a listen. Don don't know why, but if I'm speaking to some undecided Puerto Ricans, especially in Pennsylvania, what more they gotta do to show you who they are? I'm telling you. And the thing about Fat Joe, if you don't know him, he's authentic. He will not sell his soul for nobody. In The World, if I tell you Kamala Harris is with us, she's with us. Kamala You know What's gonna hurt me in the future. What, what's that? When Fat Joe runs for man in New York and I'm not able to vote for him. 'cause I'm not a New York resident.


But boy, I'm gonna tell you one thing. Fat Joe gonna run for mayor in New York one day and he gonna win. I'm telling y'all that right now. Absolutely. If he chooses and he'll run this state, amazing. I think he would. Well it's, it's the mayor of New York City. New York City, but New York City. He would run this the city. Amazing. Well, speaking of being resident citizenship, all that stuff, Rihanna popped out yesterday on, on on the gram. And she posted a video of her in a car looking out the window just like You know gazing through the window. And it says, point of view, me trying to sneak into the polls with my son's passport hashtag vogue because I can't Now her caption was where You know she won. She said, when protecting the, when protecting coochie and firing Coochie can happen all in one vote.


She used the P word, but I had to sub it. I got you. Yes. And then she hashtag again vote. 'cause I can't hashtag vote 10 suit season. Talking about You know Kamala in her suits. Now let me tell y'all, y'all know bad girl Riri be, she goes off online or notoriously she used to like snap back all the time online. Oh baby, when I say she got back in these comments. So somebody said, illegal voting is a crime, maybe she should be arrested for trying. She commented back to this person and said, shut up Karen. Someone when else said, the attitude is why we wanna make America great again. You want to cheat to win. So disappointing bad girl. Riri said, when y'all stop burning ballot boxes, come check me. Someone else said, did you get in?


Shout out to the batty twins. The batty twins said, did you get in? She said, not yes this, but I'm sleeping outside to make sure the Navy shows up. Did someone else said, ironically she can vote if she would've set up her paper for voting as a migrant. If she doesn't have a US citizenship, I guess someone been, has been rejected by the system or acts like it for the majority. She said, I love my passport. I came here to work and pay taxes. You're welcome. Now she, there was another one where she replied to somebody else that was just trying to go in about the whole border stuff and shutting the border and like all that. And she said, where were you? January 6th is stick to your discounted crotch. We out here fighting for its rights. So she's like, Just kind of crotch.


Yeah, she's saying that You know that we out here fighting for the, the Coochies. Like she wanna make sure that women have their Rights. Okay. Yeah. Yeah. I'm Rihanna doesn't have dual citizenship though. All the money she paid in taxes in, But somebody asked, somebody said that too. They was like, well, how are you? They asked her, like, they asked her some question. She was like, tax is duh. Like basically like, because she has some rights because she, all right. And that is just for the mess with Lauren LaRosa. All right. Now when we come back, we got front page news. Then we're gonna open up the phone lines (800) 585-1051. We're asking, are you still undecided? Today is election day, are you still undecided? What makes you undecided? We're gonna open up the phone lines and would love to talk to you.


805 8 5 1 0 5 1 is The Breakfast Club. Good morning The. Breakfast Club. Your mornings will never be the same Morning everybody. It's DJ NV, just hilarious. Charlemagne tha God. We are The, Breakfast Club. Lauren LaRosa filling in for Jess. Let's get in some front page news. Now, some quick sports. Last night, the Kansas City Chiefs, the undefeated Kansas City Chiefs beat the Buccaneers 32 24 All Chiefs look damn good morning. Yeah, but I, I think it's a, I think it's a fix. I'm gonna be honest with you. I think that the NFL is rigging all the chiefs games. Oh boy. Just 'cause Taylor Swift is there. Oh boy. I really feel that way. Oh Boy. Good morning, Morgan. Good morning. Envy.


Charlemagne and Lauren. Y'all all right? Yes. All right. So today is the big day y'all election day, Tuesday, November 5th. We finally here, we made it to the Promised Land. Now let's keep our promise. Okay. And get out there and vote. Make sure you exercise your right and shout out to all the first time voters. Y'all got a big job today. So, democratic Vice Presidential Hopeful. Tim Walls, he held a campaign event in Wisconsin yesterday where he made his final push to voters for the Harris campaign and talked about how BP Harris will stand up for the American people. Let's hear more from Tim Walls in Wisconsin. The thing is upon us now, folks, I know there's a, a lot of anxiety, but the decisions that are made over the next 24, 36 hours, when those polls close will shape not just the next four years, they will shape the coming generations.


She stood up for women and children against pres and abusers. She stood up as seniors and workers against fraudsters and big corporate interests. She stood up for families and communities against international gangs and drug traffickers. And she never once hesitated to reach across the aisle. Yeah. Any thoughts on that? Walls has to Say my thoughts. I think You know Tim Walls has not been holding up his end of the bargain. Okay. He started off strong, but there's been a lot of people who have finished stronger than him, as far as Sarah are concerned. Josh Shapiro, bill Clinton, mark Cuban. There's a lot of people I've seen go out there and sell the case for the vice president that have been stronger than the, the, the vp Tim Wal.


Yeah. I haven't heard much of him in the last couple of weeks, honestly. But You know, he, he's on the ticket. So I'm, I'm, I'm voting Kamala Harris regardless. So you gonna stick beside him? Speaking of reaching across the aisles, because no, her, Oh, he gonna stick beside her. But I'm sticking with Her. He gonna stick beside her. You gonna stick beside her? Everybody gonna stick beside. All right, so speaking of reaching across the aisles, Republican vice presidential candidate, JD Vance, he also held a rally in Wisconsin yesterday morning where he made his final push to voters for the Trump campaign. Now Vance, he slammed VP Harris on immigration and praised the number of Republicans who voted early in this election. Let's hear more from Vance in Wisconsin. She's Rolling out the red carpet for illegal immigration.


She's inviting people to come into this country. She's given 'em healthcare, social security, and housing benefits paid for by all of you. If you look at the early vote numbers, the absentee vote numbers Republicans were doing as well as we ever have in the history of American elections. Now traditionally, Democrats actually vote early and you tend to see Republicans at the polls day of it seems to be quite the, well I was gonna say, it seems to, it appears to be the, the, the reverse. But of course we won't know those numbers until after today. Well that's because this election cycle, Trump is telling them to vote. Early last election cycle, Trump was telling them not to vote early. Andy was telling them not to do mail-in voting. If I'm not mistaken, remember I, don don don't know if we remember this, but 2020 he was telling him Don't vote early, don't vote early, don't vote early this time he's telling them to go vote early.


Yes. And actually encouraging mail-in voting as well too. Which was kind of ironic because he He didn't last time. Last time he said the opposite. Alright, so meanwhile bringing things home to New York, governor Kathy Hoko, New York Governor Kathy Hool says, agencies across the state are preparing for anything in the aftermath of election day with several polls showing former President Trump and Vice President Harris in a tight race. The governor cautions there may not be a clear winner for a while and that's why she's ordered several state agencies to coordinate with local law enforcement to ensure election related demonstrations remain peaceful while also protecting New Yorkers right to free speech. Let's hear more from New York. Governor Kathy Hocal Tailing all the votes and declaring all the official winners can take time.


That's totally normal, especially in tight races. I've directed the New York State Police and the Division of Homeland Security and Emergency Services to assist local law enforcement agencies statewide to ensure that any large gatherings or protests remain peaceful and safe. They're trained for this. They've been table topping this, they're prepared for this over months and months and if not years preparing for these days. As always, my top priority is keeping New Yorkers safe. Yeah. So she also went on to say that she wants to ensure election day runs smooth as possible by ordering agencies quickly to respond to anything that may go awry with like down power lines, internet issues, or weather related road closures.


Speaking of weather today is expected to be like mostly favorable for, with some exceptions across the country. So voters in Western Montana may have to deal with some blizzard conditions and snow is expected, expected in some parts of Idaho, Washington, and Oregon. But most of the rainfall is expected to impact central US with some showers and thunderstorms possible from the Chicago area down to Houston. Temperatures in Arizona and and Nevada will be in the sixties and seventies. Also the same on the east coast here between Pennsylvania and and DC and Virginia, North Carolina also Michigan and Pennsylvania will also see higher than, or it says above average normal temperatures.


So above, that's How You know it ain't no weather machine because if it was really a weather machine, wouldn't you use it today? Wouldn't you use it in certain states, especially the battleground states in certain areas to keep certain people from probably getting to the polls. I thought You know it ain't no real weather machine that's Election interference. No, but seriously the weather should be nice today. So go ahead and get, get out there and vote And I will see y'all. And Mo I wanna point out one quick double standard. You played the JD Vance clip and You know people will always say, they'll say things like, oh, all the vice president Kamala Harris does is speak about Trump. All she does is speak about Trump. And that's all Kamala's campaign does is speak about Trump. But that's what politicians do. That's what j JD Vance just was on a whole rant about Kamala as well.


Like that's what they do, right? It's true. Alright. All right. Well I'll see y'all tonight at Howard University. I'll be out there as well. You know with the Black Information Network. And of course anyone, again, if you encounter any physical threats or violence when you go out to vote, call the Poppo ho. Call them. Call Them. Call the poppo hoe. God call the Poppo. I hear you Morgan call the Poppo Ho. Nah, we not on that. We not rocking You. know what I'm saying? We, we got rights and we gonna exercise them things today. Okay. The DV just came out of her. Yeah, Called Papa. No. Real, real quick period po Okay, so that's your front page news. I working. Thank you Morgan. Follow me on social at Morgan Media and for more news coverage, follow us at Black Information Network. Download the free iHeartRadio App and visit b news.com.


Happy Election day y all some, All right. All right, everybody else, let's open up the phone lines (800) 585-1051. Today is election day. Are you guys still undecided? We would love to hear from you. Today is election day. You gotta vote today. Yeah, you're heading to the polls. Are you still undecided? And why? By the way, if you still undecided, you just want attention at this point. You just, you you just saying things for attention. That's how I Feel about people who drink Espresso martinis. They just want attention. I don't know how that related, but that was my first thought. I feel you for some reason for Espresso Martinis. Don't just want attention. I can see that you still undecided. You just want attention. Alright, let's discuss. It's The Breakfast. Club. Good morning The. Breakfast Club.


Hey, good morning. Now if you just joining us, we have Nori on the line and Nori this morning. We're talking to people that are voting for Trump and we want to know why. Oh, then you talking to the wrong person And no up Nno. Yeah, yeah, yeah. I'm black. Black yo. Yeah, I'm black. Black. I don know I don know if, if you got me confused You know what I'm saying? Yeah. I'm black. Black. What's up Lord? I like my money though. I like my money, but I still, I like my people more. Norie, if you like your money, do You know? Since World War ii, the economy has done better under democratic presidents. don don't know where the narrative came from that Republicans put more money in your pocket, but it's just not true. And, and And I didn't realize this till a few months ago. Yeah.


Yep. All right then. I believe you then. So, so Enna, what, what do you, what do you go out there and, and tell people today? 'cause You know we're reaching out, some of the celebrities are calling up, making sure people go out there and vote. What do you just say to the people today that are undecided? They still don't know which way they want to go. Norie. I just say, I just say go, go go with your people, man. Like You. know what I'm saying? Like, like, like me, when I look at Kamala, I hope I I hope I pronounced her name right? You did. Yeah. You know, she reminds me You. know what I mean? She reminds me of a person in my family You. know what I mean? So, although a person in my family might not be perfect, but I still gonna go with a person in my family You. know what I'm saying? So that's how I am. My politics is very simple. It's, it don't got don don't want You know I'm not gonna get an ill explanation outta me.


You gonna get a straight simple And what I heard my brother Fat Joe say yesterday, I, I I, I almost a tear came in my eye because You know Fat Joe makes a lot of money. And I know his pockets is leaning towards being a Republican. Like You know Philman said or or whatever. But You know the fact that that's not what I said. Fact man disrespected. I No, no. You know. You alluded to You. know what I'm saying? No, but, but what I'm saying is You know how Fat Joe delivered that speech that he stood with the black people, with the Jewish people or with the Latino people. And I. That just made all the sense to me to The World. So that's where I'm at with it. You know what I mean? And I, I, I definitely vote whatever Fat Joe Holmes. Okay. I was gonna say also, congratulations. We see that you're doing a Dr.


Dre and Snoop Dogg interview. That's gonna be pretty big. Ooh. At complex com. That's going to fire. Yeah. Pick up the complex call, pick up the Dr. Dre and Snoop. 'cause we've been had this deal, we couldn't announce it, but adding on to that is November 16th in Las Vegas at eight o'clock in the morning. I'm getting with no sleep in a running club, gin and Juice Monster Energy drink. And my got Mark Wahlberg missing clothing. And we're doing a three mile run in Las Vegas. So people to come and get healthy with us, You know people come and drink with me all the time, but I want people to come and do a three mile one with us. We reached out to the city of Las Vegas so we could get permits, but even if we don't get permits, we're gonna do it just as You know what I mean? Just people and the people who run with us You know they, they win a chance to go see Dr.


Dre and Snoop Dogg live being interviewed by Drink Chap. So You know, I wanted to You know announce that person. The Breakfast Club. NVU said you wanted to run yesterday. You gonna go do that one? I I could do the three mile run. I'm not I the 26 mile I gotta work myself up to And Nory also. Lastly, congratulations on your new hair. I see you got that new Yo listen, NBA answer. My Texas, I grew my hair out, man n head man, tell Him, Nory, that's your real hair. Tell him to stop playing with you. That's My real hand. You know that's my Puerto Rican, my Puerto Ricans growing out You. know what I'm saying? Yeah. My wife asked me to grow it out. And I said You know what my wife gets what my wife wants You. know what I'm saying? That's right. That's it. Yeah. Listen, make sure, make sure y'all listen to the Drink Champs podcast on the Black effect iHeart Radio podcast network.


And Norie, just to be clear on what I said, the economy grows more under democratic presidents Democratic Yeah. The economy does better under Democrats. That's a fact. More job creation. But you And the unemployment rate decreases under democratic presidents. And when you talk about recessions, there's been 11 US recessions between 1953 and 20 20 10 began under Republican presidents. But You know, I wasn't alluding to that when I said that. I was alluded to when you say don don't know where that rumor started. And that's, that's the majority of people think, the majority of people who think that under public Republican regime, they make more money because of the last time Trump was in office, a lot of people were ma making money. But that, that's what I was alluding to.


Yeah, that's what, that's right. Yeah. All right. And, but, but my vote, my vote is for the black people, God, we properties, Hey, go see us November 16th, Dr. Dre Snoop on drink chest, and come run with us in the morning. Before that, thank you Preface Club. I missed coming up this, I'm gonna come up there. One more thing though. And get a haircut piece By piece in theaters right now. Oh. Oh, I'm a Lego. I'm a Lego. Yes. How you miss That? That's Right. Did, did, did. I hope you guys do You know I got a criminal record and now I'm a Lego. Come on, Bro. This is, this is, This is, this is, this is, this is, you couldn't write a better story You. know what I mean? And. I. I love it. I love the fact that Pharrell made me involved. I love the fact that Pharrell didn't even tell me what I was doing the whole time.


I did not know what I was doing. And, I thought about it. If he would've told me I was a Lego, I would've tried to act like a Lego. So it was best that he didn't tell me I was gonna be in ae Norie. How Does, how, how does Allego act? Because they just be sitting there. So tell us how Allego acts. Let me tell you something. I would've figured it out. I would've figured it out. I would've watched all the Lego movies and tried to imitate them. But I'm glad that the, the movie is rated for everybody You. know what I'm saying? I bring my family. I rented out a movie theater. I came to the premier, NAS called me about it. That was one of my greatest moments in life, man. Thank you Pharrell. And thank you me for being a part of his story. Alright, That's right. Sl Nno. Yeah. Later. Nno. Alright, we're opening up the phone lines eight hundred five eighty five one oh five one.


We're asking you going out today's election day. You're voting now we're asking, are you still undecided? Call us up. Let's discuss this. The. Breakfast Club. Good morning Daddy. Calling my phone call, Man. It's topic time. Call 805 8 5 1 0 5 1 to join into the discussion with The Breakfast. Club. Morning everybody. It's DJ Envy. Just hilarious. Charlemagne the guy. We are The Breakfast. Club. Now just joining us, we're asking, are you still undecided? Today is election day. Hopefully people are going out there and voting, but it's election day and a lot of people are still undecided. And we got a lot of people on the line. Man, you just want attention if you still undecided at this point. Like how could you to be undecided the day of the election?


Like he just gonna go in the booth and flip a coin. And we got Jason on the line. Jason, good morning. Good morning. Peace blesses and balance love to the whole family. Peace King. How you doing brother? Now you don't tell me you still undecided black man. Good. Hey, hey, I am. And the reason is it's not because I want attention. I'm an a b we get attention. It's more so because the two times I voted in my 45 years of life, the person that I voted for, one popular vote. Yeah. Then when they election, those two people being Gore and Hillary Clinton. Hmm. I understand. But you voted for President Obama, I'm sure, right? Of course not. Oh, you didn't vote for Obama? No.


Oh, well, he won and he won. It's similar, it's similar. It's similar with Kamala, Kamala, And, I. I saw, I wasn't hearing anything about policies. Like You're not listening then my brother, we listen, here's the thing. I love you, man. I listen very hard, brother. I listen very hard. There's No way I'm from, I'm from the city where Martin Luther King gave his, I have a dream speech for the first time. That don't mean you Missing it. Like North Carolina, which Trump, which Trump visited last week. I was born in the Bronx, which Trump also visited. Trump is talking about removing fluoride from our drinking water. That's a very important thing.


Like where, where, where and, and And I. And if I could, I just wanna speak on one other thing while I'm able to get things off my chest, but those of y'all who claim that we shouldn't want reparations anymore because we can get whatever we need. It's like if, if you loan somebody $300, I know y'all got it. But anyway, if you loan somebody $300 and they took say, six years to pay you that 300 back, but they paid you back with interest, they gave you 900 back instead. Right? Are you going tell them Nah. Or you going to take that 900? Well, listen, can I say something to you brother Trump isn't speaking about reparations at all, and the vice president, lemme finish.


The, the vice president is at least engaging in those conversations and has been for some years, since she ran the first time in 2020. So, I mean, if that's one of your issues, then you're being disingenuous. If you telling me that you leaning towards Trump on that. Well, well, That's what it seems like. But I mean, he, he has to do his homework and Kamala Harris's policies have been all over her, her website. So she could definitely check out. This is a town hall that we play. And that's, and that's all she's been discussing is her policies. Just listening from the outside. When you ask Po Kamala about her policy, she has a plan. When you talk to Trump about his policies, he doesn't have a plan. I'll let You know concept of a plan. Let me think about it. I got a concept. He literally said, he literal, literally said, I have a concept of a plan, Henry.


It's like, come on, come on, man. I got like that, that conversation on election day morning. You still ain't heard no policy. You ain't listening my brother. That's crazy. Respectfully. Hello. Who's this? Hi Therea. Hey, Theresa. Good morning. Now you're still undecided on election day. Yep. I'm still undecided. I just think that it's just a big circus really, because You know, I feel like a president comes in year after year. We're still in the same cycle with the same problems. Nothing ever gets fixed. I just think you just have to handle your own things yourself. Wait, handle, what do you mean? How do you handle it yourself? Meaning like, I think it's just best if you focus on yourself, pick a skill, learn that skill really well.


Make money, build your own resources, net worth. And if you need to maybe get out or you need to get out and get out, but maybe don't, let's not rely on these people is what I'm trying to say. But what about voting? Yeah, because I think you cannot rely on people. But even if, if you plan to go get a trade, get a skill, go out in the workforce, live your day-to-day life, there's still rules and regulations and regimes that you have to do that under. And the politicians matter because of that. Like they're, they're putting all that into place. Local, federal, all that. True, true. I just don't, don don't know. I guess I don't like how it's gotten. So like you can't even have a discussion about either side without someone blowing up.


I can understand that. Yeah, that's true. That Do you drink espresso martinis? Nope. Only wine on Nah. But I agree with you. I You know, and this is what I've been saying for the last couple of weeks. I mean, we should be able to have conversations whether you agree on one side or agree on another side without people blowing up, without gonna getting violent, without people be calling each other names. We should be able to have those conversations. Hopefully. I'll Tell one Vote today though, man. I'll tell you. To act like, to act like, to act, to act like elections don't have consequences is ridiculous. When we've seen Roe v. Wade be overturned, and now because of that You know 41 states have some type of abortion bans in effect. Okay? 13 states have a total abortion ban. 28 states have abortion bans based on gestational duration.


So you talk about doing things yourself, I can name one thing you probably don't want to do yourself, but there's probably some people who have to because they're in a state that have a total abortion ban. Ma'am? Okay. Yeah. No. Yeah. Teresa, Theresa, get out there and vote today. I Will have a good one. She saying. So depressed. I'll, I mean, I I I I'm telling you at this point, And I mean this respectfully to everybody. If you're saying things like, You know you don't believe this person has policy, You know or whatever, you're not paying attention. You're being willfully ignorant at this point. Willfully ignorant. Alright. And, and please don't call the pen and say things like, You know elections don't have consequences. That's just not true. We're living it right now.


805 8 5 1 0 5 1. We wanna talk to the undecided voters. It's election day. Have you not decided as of yet? Let's, let's, let's call. It's The Breakfast Club. Good morning. Made it. If y'all talking about it, You know we talking about it? It's topic time. Call 805 8 5 1 0 5 1 to join into the discussion with The Breakfast Club. Morning everybody. It's DJ Envy. Jess, hilarious. Charlamagne, the guy. We are The Breakfast Club. Lauren LaRosa, filling in for Jess. If you're just joining us, we're just opening up the phone lines. Wanna talk to the, the undecided voter and see why they're not voting or why they haven't figured out who they are.


Voting For we have Kelly. Kelly. Good morning. Good morning. Now you, you are an undecided voter still? Yes. Well, okay. So I know who I'm voting for in the presidential election, but I live in Jersey. Okay. And, I. Don't know who we're voting for in New Jersey. Isn't this Murphy's last year? Is it? Yes it is. I don. Think Murphy. Murphy not on the ballot this year. Murphy's not on the ballot. That's what, that's what she means is Murphy Murphy's not running again. Oh, oh, Oh, okay. Okay. Yeah. So like, who are we voting for? Because everybody has been covering the presidential election and it's like, who? don don't even know who we voting for. In Jersey? No, that senate, that senate race is in New Jersey. Yeah. She saying she knows, but she doesn't know who she's voting for. She hasn't seen any footage or, or know much information on them.


Oh, got you, got you, got you, got you, got you, got you. Like, I'm, I'm voting Andy Kim for Senate. There's a senate seat open in Jersey. I I know that much. Okay. Yeah. I'm probably just gonna do all blue. don don't know. Yeah. Alright. Listen. I mean, you can't do That. Also, I just wanna say, I think you guys really need to leave Lauren alone. Thank you sis. 'cause she gonna get there. She gonna get there like, there I was She gonna I was where you were a couple years ago. Oh, you mean just And? I. I'm married body about the, she not talking about none of that. You about As far as what? Having a bad wig as far as Being single. Her head. And, I know You're not over here talking Mr. Anita 10. It's a lot going on. What you mean when you say get there? You talking about bad wigs being single?


What you mean? I mean, with these, I mean with these men. Okay. Got you, got you. Okay. Okay. Dang. When the hairline fade, the love dude too. Charlotte, you need to relax. Woo. Go ahead sis. Go ahead sis. Long go off. Sis go off. I just want you to be specific. I was, I was there. I'm married. I got a kid. Hey, You know, so you gonna get there. Don't worry about it. The right man will come along. Those other dudes, they're, they're whacked. They're whack. Thank you, baby. I appreciate it. My goodness. Dude, you talking about you want consistency? We wanted death from your hairline, but we ain't get it. So, woo. Hello. Who's this? Consistently? Yeah. Hey, this Lance from Jacksonville. Lance, what's up brother? You still an undecided voter bro? Yeah, Man, I'm undecided.


don don't even know if I'm gonna really vote for real. Why? What's up? I think it all scripted. Amen. Amen. The reason why I think it's scripted, because I was a part of one of the biggest presidential lenders in US history. So I was one of the young voters of 2002 that they was going after I was 18. It was when Gore was supposed to be pushed after Clinton, who won the popular votes. Bush won the Electorial, gore won Electorial and Florida turned the red state to a blue state. And then they lost the whole state of Florida votes. Like it was a a, a set of car keys or remote control. Well, Well hold on. My brother You know that election was completely stolen. Like I I we, we don't, we not even gonna sit here and play around with that one.


The, the, the, the, the Supreme Court stopped the actual count of the votes and the the, the state that flipped was literally ran by George w Bush's brother Jed Bush at the time I was ran with you. That's, that's the whole point Of why I think it scripted. Yeah. I'm from Florida, so I was here. Al Gore came to my school at Rains High School. They did was on this whole kiss, the black baby kiss, the black children run. So we had a pep rally for him. Like I was invested. I voted for Gore. And like I said, you just Said wasn't it was stolen. Huh? It wasn't scripted, it was stolen. I mean, because I think they, I don't think they, they didn't expect Al Gore to win. That's why Al Gore won a popular vote. But I know that elector vote what wins the election and when, well, he stopped the count elector elector in, in, in Florida.


Like you said, they stopped, They stopped the county Florida. They Was gonna win. By the way, that's what I'm scared of this time. I, I, And I And I did a piece about this on the Daily Show a month ago. I I I really, they gonna go outta they way to try to steal the election this year. That's why Trump keeps saying Democrats are gonna steal it 'cause he's projecting. All right. Well, true. They tried to, they tried to steal it last time. They, that that was what the attempting co in this country was. Sure Did. Well, we got a moral of the story, Brother. I do, man. And I want the moral of the story to come from President Barack Obama. 'cause President Barack Obama said something a couple of weeks ago and You know everybody kind of didn't pay any attention because of the comments he made about black men. But I want y'all to hear this part of what President Obama said in Pennsylvania, play it red.


This is a big complicated country and the problems are hard and they've been around a long time and, and, and so sometimes the other excuse we feel is that we hear when we're talking to folks is Wayne ain't gonna make no difference. Well, no, you're right that we're not eliminating poverty. We're not going to get rid of all problems with race. We're not gonna prevent every bad thing from happening in this country. Whoever we elect president. That's not how things work. The question is, do we have somebody there who sees us, who cares about us, who will work on our behalf and can make things a little bit better?


All Right. The reason why I love what President Obama said is because it's a level of empathy and understanding to what voters are feeling. And it's true You know what I'm saying? Like a lot of people feel like politicians not gonna do anything for them. And what President Obama said is true. We're not gonna eliminate poverty. We're not gonna get rid of all problems with race. We're not gonna prevent every bad thing from happening in this country. But whoever you elect as President You know, you have to elect somebody that sees you, who cares about you, who will work on your, your behalf and can make things a little bit better. That's what we're voting for. And that's, that's real. Alright, now when we come back, we got just with the mess with Lone ro what we talking about?


We do, we are actually, I mean still voting in an election conversation. Michael Jordan, there was like this thing that went viral saying he was endorsing Trump. His team came out to shut all that down. So we gonna get into that. Alright, we'll get into that. Next. It's The Breakfast Club. Good morning. All right. Morning everybody. It's Election day. Said What? No, he said, I never heard that part. White girl wasted off a brown liquor. Right? Oh, I thought Charla heard something else. Charlamagne heard something Else. I'm not, bro. Like could you stop for once? Why I didn't hear nothing say No brown eye. You looked that lyrics up. I never heard that before. Homie looked that up. Right? Why did That catch your attention? I just want to know. That's, See. Well, good morning, everybody's selection day. We are The Breakfast Club. Let's get to Jess with the mess with Lauren Osa.


You real Jessica Robin Moore just don't do no lie. She don't nobody worldwide. Jess Worldwide mess on The. Breakfast Club. She's a coach. Lauren, Lauren Osa, I'm back. And, I Got the Mess. Talk to me. So there was this viral post on Twitter that surfaced right after LeBron endorsed Kamala Harris. The tweet was supposed to be confirming that Michael Jordan was announcing that he was going to be endorsing Trump, but, and this one superpower had like over a million views. Now this, and it was on Twitter, so it circulated.


There were notes. You know they do the community notes on x where they'll tell you like, oh, this is not real. Whatever, whatever. How, because there were some outlets and some people still picking it up. Michael Jordan's team has now given a statement to a rep for Michael Jordan has given a statement for, to the independent saying that they strenuously deny that the basketball icon has endorsed either candidate leading up to this week's election. There is absolutely no truth to the claim that Michael Jordan has made an endorsement in the presidential election. How do y'all feel about celebrities as big as like a Michael Jordan or whoever deciding to not endorse anybody whatsoever in this election? It, it don't bother me nothing. Yeah, me Personally all fine with it. They can decide who they wanna do or what they wanna do with their vote or how they want to use their influence.


don don't have a problem with it. I, yeah, it's 148 million people I think who voted in the last election. I don't know. I don't know who those people vote for until after the fact. And I don't even know who those people are who voted. I just know it's a number. Gotcha. So I could care less. I could care less whether they endorse or not. I actually think people stop needing to look at celebrities to see who they're voting for. To decide who they're voting for. So I, I don't care. Why do you think that? I don't think a celebrity could, could move somebody. I think people need to do their own homework. I think people need to do their own research. Got I agree with you envy that people should do their own research. Research and people should get their own information. But I I I do think celebrities move folk. I go back and forth like sometimes I feel like I ain't nobody voting 'cause of no celebrity, but that that'd be a lie.


Celebrities do have influence. So some people are voting based off who their favorite celebrity is voting for. Because I did see a lot of people that love Taylor Swift when she You know, said that she was endorsing Kamala Harris. I seen a lot of people say, well I still, I'm voting for this, but I'm still a Taylor Swift fan. So yeah, don don't know how much influence it, it really does have I, I don't know. Don don't know either. I just asked that because there's always that back and forth about it. And I know that this election is like such a You know. It's, it's very important. And I thought it was kind of like, kind of timely and kind of planned that the minute LeBron came out and endorsed Kamala very strong, he posted You know like, are y'all crazy? Like, what else would I be doing? But voting for her. And then he posted a video of like, like a mashup of like Trump's lies. This tweet surfaced And.


I'm like, Hmm, why would it be important to combat LeBron unless people think celebrities are influential in this? I don't think, I don't think MJ has ever said he who he was voting for never. But You know how powerful that would be in my opinion if he did right now for, for whoever, whatever Side. But I mean, if, if they want to endorse, great. If, if they don't, it don't bother me either way. Got you. Well, and other news, Jason Kelsey, he had to issue a public apology via ESPN on Monday night. So he opened up Monday, Monday Night Countdown issuing an apology because he got into it with a student or a person. I don know if this person was a student of PenFed State, but a person who's a fan at PenFed State when this fan ran up on him and called his brother Gay Slur because of the fact that his brother is dating Taylor Swift.


Taylor Swift, thank you. Let's take a listen to the original audio of when the incident went down. Kelsey. Hey Kelsey. I feel your brother. Can I get a fist bump? Kelsey, can I get a fist bump phone? Kelsey, gimme phone. Get outta here. Now, in that video, I mean we had to bleep it of course, but the interaction is it like he says to Jason, Kelsey, your brother is the f-bomb, the gay slur because he's dating. How do you feel? Because he is that because he's dating Taylor Swift and then Jason Kelsey throws that same word back at him three times in that video.


So on Monday night, he issued this apology. Let's take a listen. You know, listen, I think everybody's seen on social media, everything that took place this week. I'm not happy with anything that took place. I'm not proud of it. And You know in a heated moment I chose to greet hate with, with hate And I just don't think that that's a productive thing. I don't think that You know it leads to discourse and it's the right way to go about things in that moment. I fell down to a level that I shouldn't have. So I think the bottom line is I try to treat people with common decency and respect and I'm gonna keep doing that moving forward. Even though I, I fell short this week. Yeah, I think we got a game to focus on a matchup.


don don't think this is the platform didn't necessarily go into more detail. So get ready for this chief's game. Now I will say, go ahead. No, I say what The World we live in when men are calling other men gay for dating women is this, is this is this what happens? Is this what happens when you have 72 genders? don don't know I'm gay now I'm dating a woman. Like what? What's up man? What we, what's going on In The? World identifies as maybe that's the reason don don't know why. Identifies as a cat Lady. Remember she posted her photo. She's a cat lady but He's he's right, but like he, the man is dating a, A woman. I'm dating a woman and you call me a gay slur. Y'all Talking about that. Is this what happens when you have 72 genders? Are we here now? Is it is gay to date women now 72 Genders?


Remind me of that song. The type of gun that make it you. I love my bubble gun. don don't know why I thought about flavors of bubble gum. No. Okay, whatever. Maybe Normal gay guys date women nowadays. Maybe that's what this is. Don't confuse me What JD Vance said that him and Trump are gonna get the normal gay guy vote. So maybe if you're a normal gay guy, you date women, it's too much. That could be it. Wait, the Nor Envy that would be a bisexual man. Don don't know. That's one of the 72 70 twos up that booty. She'll stop. See, made you think of that song too. And he looked at me like I was crazy. The time Anna making you was up. All right. Well that was J By by the way. I Thought that's crazy that he got, he was able to get on e esp and apologize.


I'm not even gonna hold y'all. I was like, oh what? Oh, they would've canceled. They would've canceled anybody else. They like him. I Think. I think Jason handled it appropriately. Now, now You know in in, in the heat of the moment, You know he was matching energies. But as far as snatching dude phone and slamming it to the ground, I don't have a problem with that because it's gonna cost them a couple dollars. It's Gonna cost them. There's an investigation too that they opened the pa but that probably will close because they're gonna see everything but Stop treating public figures like they not human. Like that man is just walking trying to get the way he trying to get to. And you got a phone in his face calling his brother a gay slur. He ain't no Buddhist monk, he ain't no zen master. Like he ain't no stoic. Like he supposed to not react like get out that man face.


Why you playing with that man like that? You lucky he ain't slapped it at you. But the sad thing is people do that for the reaction, right? They do that for the reaction. They do that to get hit. They do that so they can sue. They do that for the quote unquote clicks. People think it's cool till they get their teeth knocked out. Yeah. And that's what I, and that's what needs to that. That's honestly sometimes what needs to happen. Sometimes an example needs to be made outta somebody so crazy that the next person in someplace else is thinking, nah, I don't do that. 'cause remember what happened when that dude ran up on Jason Kel, he got his teeth knocked down his throat like it, they stop playing with people. Like why do we think it's okay to play with people in that way? Alright, well that is just with the mess. Now when we come back we usually do donkey here. Yes, but You know since this election day, You know, a couple of weeks ago we had a a we of people town hall with the vice president Kamala Harris.


I got to sit down with her and chop it up. And I. Think today is a good day to replay that conversation. You know just in case you're headed to the polls and you're undecided, whatever the hell that means. Alright. And we'll go get that on next. So don't go anywhere as The Breakfast Club. Good morning The. Breakfast Club. Your mornings will never be The same Morning everybody. It's DJ J nv, just hilarious. Charlamagne the guy. We are The Breakfast Club along the rosa of filling in for just now. A couple of weeks ago, Charlemagne had a town hall meeting in Detroit with Kamala Harris. He got a chance to ask a bunch of questions and people in the building did as well. Yeah, it's Luta, my guy Zeke from New Era. So Luta et salute the Ice web Zo salute the Pastor Kinlock, they was all in the building.


Also salute to everybody who participated through our talkback feature that we have on iHeartRadio. You can go to go to iHeartRadio podcast, go to The Breakfast Club page, click the microphone. And that's how you could, that's how you can send your questions. You could do that all the time, by the way. Right? But people really did it during the town hall and yeah man, we sat there and kicked it for, for an hour and salute to don. Don't even know how you say this, but You know this conversation has like well over 40 billion social impressions. I don't know what none of that means, but the digital people be happy about it. Tapped in, the People tapped In. All right, well let's jump right back into it. Today is election day is The Breakfast Club. Good morning. Peace of the planet is Charlemagne tha God here with Madame Vice President Kamala Harris. How are you?


Because you did, you did just walk in. You you were kind of late. So I'm very Well well, I try to be on time. That did well. Apparently. I'm 40 seconds late. You're right. Well, you are black, So, okay. Okay. Now, now You know one thing they've been saying. A lot of your press hits get criticized. You know folks that you come off as very scripted. They say you like to stick to your talking points and some media says you have, That would be called discipline. Ooh. Okay. Speak to that. But go on. No, I I was say, some people say you have an inability to fearlessly say who you are and what you believe. I know that's not true, but what do you say to people who say you, you stay on the talking points. I would say, you're welcome. The reality is that there are certain things that must be repeated to ensure that I have everyone know what I stand for and the issues that I think are at stake in this election.


And so it requires repetition. You know, some people say that at if until someone has heard the same thing at least three times, it just doesn't stay with you. So repetition is important and for that reason, yes, at my rallies, I say the same thing when I go to Detroit, as I do in Philly, as I do wherever I am, to make sure that people here and, and receive what I think are some of the most critical issues that are at stake in this election. There, There has to be a a high level of anxiety too. When you have these conversations though, 'cause you are running for president, I mean You know what, there's certainly a lot of, I I feel the weight of the moment and my role, I feel an extraordinary weight of responsibility right now to do everything I can.


I'm telling you Charlamagne, when I go to bed at night, I, I almost every night in addition to my prayers will ask, have I done everything I could do today? Hmm. This is a margin of error race, it's tight, I'm gonna win. But it's tight. And You know what is at stake is truly profound. And almo and historics, many would say, and it's about You know, some people would say this lofty notion of of of supporting and and preserving our democracy. But it, it is about real issues that affect people every day. Like whether we're gonna maintain a $35 cap on insulin for our seniors, whether we're gonna continue to allow Medicare to negotiate drug prices, to bring them down.


Whether we are going to have, as my opponent would have a formalized stop and frisk policy for which he has said, if a police department does not do it, they should be defunded or not. There is so much at stake whether America's gonna stand on its principles around the importance of sovereignty and territorial integrity and stand with our allies around The World or whether we're gonna admire dictators and send during the height of Covid in the pandemic covid tests that nobody could get to the president of Russia for his personal use when black people were dying every day by the hundreds during that time. Yeah, I feel like that one, that one has gone over. People's hates the fact that he was sending Covid test to Putin.


I mean, You know. I invite, I don't your listeners, the people we know, the number of people who lost their grandparents and parents remember what that was like during the height of covid. And a lot of it people were scrambling for the resources and needed tests. And Donald Trump during that time secretly sent covid tests to the president of Russia. Who by the way, do not forget in the 2016 election, 'cause I was a member of the Senate Intelligence Committee when we, when we investigated it targeted black voters in 2016 with missing and disinformation to discourage black people from voting in that election.


And, and this is just another of the very many examples of who Donald Trump really is. Yes. And, and the danger he presents to real people Sending covid test to Russia. That doesn't sound very America first at all. But but it's not just you versus Trump, it's you versus misinformation. Yes, that's true. Right. And and one of the biggest pieces of misinformation, one of the biggest allegations against you is that you targeted and locked up thousands of, of black men in San Francisco for weed. Some say you did it to boost your career. Some say you did it outta pure hate for black men. Please tell us the facts. What's the facts of that Situation? It's just simply not true. And what public defenders who are around those days will tell you, I was the most progressive prosecutor in California on marijuana cases and would not send people to jail for simple possession of weed.


And as vice president have been a champion for bringing marijuana down on the schedule. So instead of it being ranked up there with heroin, we bring it down and my pledges as president, I will work on decriminalizing it because I know exactly how those laws have been used to disproportionately impact certain populations and specifically black men. Okay, let's go to the talk back feature. My question for Kamala is why are we And I say we, because my tax dollars is sending the money. Why are we sending money to other countries when we desperately need it in our own country for homeless housing resources, for whatever That is my determining factor if I vote for Kamala or Not.


That's, that's one of the reasons the America first rhetoric resonates. 'cause nobody in America would complain about where money was going if American citizens everyday needs were being met. So what, what do you say to that? We can do it all. And we do. Hmm. First of all, I maintain very strongly America should never pull ourselves away from our responsibility as a world leader that is in the best interest of our national security and each one of us as Americans and our standing in The World. That being said, we also have an obligation to American citizens obviously and people who are here to meet their everyday needs and challenges. Which is why, for example, we have done the work in the last four years of bringing down the cost of prescription medication.


Whether it be $35 a month for seniors for for insulin or $2,000 a year cap on prescription medication. What we have done that has been about putting $17 billion in our HBCUs, I am proud to be the first HBCU Vice President of the United States. I intend to be the first HBCU president okay. Of the United States. Those resources are about sending them to centers of academic excellence that I know them to be. The work that I continue to do is about increasing access to capital for our small businesses. It is about increasing the opportunity for home ownership, knowing that black people are 40% less likely to be homeowners in America. We have a history of legal and, and and procedural obstacles to that home ownership.


Starting with the fact nobody got 40 acres in a mule to red lining to, to issues that this Detroit area and people around the country know to be real. So part of my plan is that we're gonna give people a $25,000 down payment assistance to get their foot in the door to buy a home for first time home buyers. The work that I'm gonna do to increase housing supply in America, knowing that that's one of the reasons that rents and housing prices are jacked up. And to work with the private sector, cut through the red tape and work to build more housing. 3 million before the end of my first term, And I give these examples. And there are many more which I will offer. So for example, the work that I will do to extend the child tax credit to $6,000 for young families during the first year of their child's life.


'cause as you And I, both know our families all have a natural desire to parent their children well, but not always the resources. So by expanding the child tax credit to the first year of child's life to $6,000, that gives that young family the ability to buy a car seat or a crib or clothes. The things that are so important during that critical phase of that child's development so that they can get on the road and actually have a chance at succeeding. All right. When we come back we'll be playing more from my audio town hall with the vice president Kamala Harris that we did live from Detroit. It's The Breakfast Club. The Breakfast Club. Morning everybody. It's DJ Envy.


Jess. Hilarious Charlamagne the guy. We are The Breakfast. Club. Now just joining us a couple of weeks ago, Charlamagne got an opportunity to sit down with the vice president Kamala Harris out in Detroit. Yes I did man. So today is election day so it's a great day to re-air this conversation. That's right. We're gonna get it back on. It's The Breakfast Club. Good morning. That's Old Charlamagne. What's up madam Vice president, how you doing? How you doing today? As we say Detroit, what up though? So yesterday I read that there is a new opportunity agenda, a plan for black men, which includes a proposal of forgivable loans up to $20,000 for 1 million black entrepreneurs. What would you say to the people that would consider the timing of that of this proposal as political timing and how would you speak to the sentiment that support for black men is only sought out during election cycles and feels that building trust requires consistent engagement and genuine investment into the community outside of election periods and political benefits for politicians and may view that some people in the Democrat party use black Americans to play identity politics.


So first of all, thank you for your question for being here. You can look at all my work to know that this, what I'm talking about right now is not new and is not for the sake of winning this election. This is about a longstanding commitment, including the work that I've done as vice president and before when I was senator and before that. In fact, a lot of what I'm doing that is about my economic agenda and opportunity economy was born out of the work I did as vice president before that as senator more most recently to get access to capital for our entrepreneurs. The work that I did in the Senate was about getting a couple billion more dollars into our community banks. And then building on that, when I became vice president, I created, it's called the Economic Opportunity Council.


Bringing in some of the biggest banks and technology companies to put more into the community banks. And, I'm gonna tell you one of the reasons why, because I have been aware for years black entrepreneurs only get 1% of venture capital funding of all the venture capital funding, only 1% goes to black entrepreneurs. We don't have the same rates of access to capital, be it through family or through connections. Which is why I've done the work of putting billions more dollars in working to put billions more dollars into community banks, which go right directly to the community. My work around the $20,000 is building on that and understanding that You know I convened, for example, I said this earlier, a group of of black entrepreneurs way before I was running for for president in my official office at the White House to hear some of the obstacles that they were facing.


And one of them was what we need to do around getting folks the help to just be able to buy the equipment they need to run their business. And oftentimes we find that when black entrepreneurs and black people apply for credit, they're denied at a higher rate than others. We have also seen and the data proves this, that all of those, the realities also tend to dissuade black folks and black entrepreneurs in particular from even applying for credit. My point is to work on every way that we can approach the issue to encourage people and to invest in their ambition. 'cause I know the ambition is there.


I know the talent is there, I know the innovation is there and certainly the hard work ethic. So this is not new work for me. And you Should speak to the American rescue plan too, because I mean tens of millions of dollars I I know small businesses in North Carolina, that small black businesses that got tens of millions of dollars because of that. I'm hear you speak to that. That's right. And that was from the first time from when we first came in the American rescue plan, the work that we have done, the infrastructure bill. I mean, part of that is we, we made a, a decision that we were gonna increase the number of federal contracts that go to historically underrepresented businesses. This was way before I was running for this years ago. So this is not new work. Let's go to a a, the talk back feature on Several occasions recently, Don Lemon has stated that there's a large group of black men who believe Donald Trump sent them a personal check during Covid because his name was on it versus it coming from the government as a stimulus check.


Can you provide some clarification on this I don thank Speak to this. I'm I'm so glad you raised that. So here's what happened. A majority democratic congress fought to get those stimulus checks out, fought against resistance by the Trump administration. And one because we had a majority of Democrats in Congress and that's why those checks went out, as we all know and grew up learning, Congress holds the purse strings. It was Congress that made that decision. And then Donald Trump never being one to, to pass up an opportunity to give himself credit when no credit is due, put his name on those checks. And sadly it resulted in people thinking Donald Trump was responsible for and directly responsible for putting money in their pocket when in fact it was a democratic majority Congress that was responsible for those checks going out.


Why? Why is it hard for Democrats to message their wins on the economy? Like since World War ii the economy has done better under a Democrat president? Yeah, this is just a historical fact. That's true. But for some reason the narrative is that the economy does better under Republicans. Why do people believe that? And why don't Democrats push back on that narrative more? Well I You know we, I think that part of the issue is that Democrats probably talk about it more in terms of what we are doing for people rather than the economy. When in fact when you do for people the economy grows and you are absolutely right charlamagne, you will look at the growth of the economy under and compare it.


Democratic and Republican administrations Democrats have been, have accelerated economic growth. My plan for example. Okay, so some of the smartest economists in the country have reviewed and compared my plan to Donald Trump's plans for the economy from Goldman Sachs to Moody's to 16 Nobel Laureates and even most recently the Wall Street Journal. And in comparing our two plans, the net result is my plans will strengthen the economy. His plans will weaken the economy. Their reports come back and include the fact that Donald Trump's plans for the economy would accelerate inflation and invite a recession by the middle of next year.


My plans would strengthen the economy as a whole. You look at under what we've been doing, you look at the stock market as one of the strongest it's ever been, wages of outpaced inflation. Inflation is going down to, I think it's now the most recent numbers, 2.4%. So, but those are You know nobody wants to hear an econ one-on-one lecture. Right? But the reality of it to your point is that under democratic rule, the economy gets strengthened. And certainly when you look at my plan for when, for my presidency, it will strengthen the economy and it will help people. And as per the conversation we've been having today, perhaps the issue is that I'm gonna always think about it in the context of how am I helping working people?


How am I helping families? How am I helping people in the middle class? How am I helping people who have been without access, having access? That's how I talk about it. But my plan is about strengthening the economy. And I know when you strengthen the economy, that's how you do it. You better do it by investing in the middle class. Lemme tell you the contrast. Donald Trump thinks about the economy based on what he has done and will do. Cutting taxes for billionaires in the biggest corporations. That's how he thinks about the economy. He thinks about the economy, not about middle class people trying to not just get by but get ahead. No, he wants to to stop Medicare from being able to negotiate drug prices down from the big pharmaceutical companies.


That was part two of our conversation with Kamala Harris. Charlamagne got an opportunity to sit down with her a couple of weeks ago. It was a town hall meeting out in Detroit and there was other people with you, right Charlotte? Yes. We know we were incorporating the talkback feature. It is a feature that iHeartRadio has where you can send in questions for us and send in questions for guests. So we incorporated that, but also Pastor Ken Lock teach the pastor at the biggest church in Detroit, which is Triumph Detroit as well as my man Ice wear, Zo et. And my man Zeke from New era. Alright, we're gonna get that back on when we come back. It's The, Breakfast Club. Good morning. Morning everybody. It's DJ Envy Jess hilarious Charlamagne, the guy We are The Breakfast Club. Lauren LaRosa filling in for Jess couple of weeks ago Charlamagne got a chance to sit down with Vice, President Kamala, Harris And just discuss everything.


It was a town hall meeting out in Detroit. And let's get on part three. Let's go to talk back. Eddie. What we got, President Harris, our men and women in the military are sent to foreign countries to fight for their freedom. Win or lose. Donald Trump has promised to seek revenge. My question is, will our military be there to fight for our freedom after the election? Should Trump start another insurrection? Mm Mm Well you raise a profound point that is very much a part of this election cycle in terms of what the American people have a choice right now. So January 6th, Donald Trump incited a violent mob to try and undo the will of the people and undo the results of a free and fair election that violent mom attacked the United States capitol.


Over 140 law enforcement officers were injured, some of them were killed. And he has said since then that there will be a bloodbath after this election. He has on your point about the military referred to members of our military as suckers and losers. Which is why by the way, do see the number of military leaders who worked under his administration who are supporting me. And I will point out what everyone knows, which is that the people who worked the closest with Donald Trump and he was president, worked with him in the Oval Office, saw him at play in the situation room, his chief of staff, two secretaries of defense, his national security advisor and his former vice president have all said he is dangerous and unfit to serve.


Mark Millie, the former chairman of the Joint Chiefs of staff most recently articulated exactly that point. And again, You know the, here's Charlemagne. One of the things that I think is really ironic, but at play, Donald Trump, through his, his way of trying to name call and demean and divide, tries to project as though those things are a sign of strength. When in fact the man is really quite weak. He's weak. It's a sign of weakness that you wanna please dictators and seek their flattery and favor. It's a sign of weakness that you would demean America's military and America's service members.


It's a sign of weakness that you don't have the courage to stand up for the constitution of the United States and the principles upon which it stands, this man is weak and he is unfit. Mm. We got a couple more questions. I wanna get my man Eric Thomas in here 'cause we only got like a few more minutes. Eric, real quick. I only got a few minutes. Thank you madam Vice president for having me. Thank you Charlemagne. tha God. Thank you. We know that there's been a lot of conversation about growing the middle class, but black men have been taken outta workforce for a myriad of systemic reasons for mass incorporation to racial bias, fear mongering. We know that black men are not criminals, they are criminalized. And that has taken black men out of the home, has taken wealth out of the home. And so because, and especially in a city with such high poverty, I've heard a lot about middle class, but I would love to hear more about stair stepping from poverty into middle class so they can take advantage of the opportunities.


Yeah, no, that's right. And the policies you're talking About. That's right. And that's real. So for example, the child tax credit, when we did it, when I, when I first became vice president, we cut black child poverty by half. And You know when you, when you deal with poverty for a child, that's about the whole family, right? When you look at the work that we have done that has been about dealing with prescription medication for our seniors, black people are 60% more likely to get diagnosed with diabetes and have, and when you look at what people are in terms of on the verge of bankruptcy because of medical bills and medical debt, that's very real.


So us capping the cost of something like insulin and prescription medication, not to mention the work that I've been doing to ensure that medical debt does not get included on your credit score because medical debt comes about because of a medical emergency. Nobody invites it upon themselves. And back to the point about history and the reality of life, we also know the real disparities around access to to meaningful healthcare, which are more likely to result in people facing chronic illness and in medical emergency. So my work has been and included working to get medical debt not be on your credit score so that that thing you did not invite upon yourself would not be the reason that you can't get a lease on an apartment or anything else.


We have to deal with child poverty, we have to deal with poverty period. And there are many specific ways to do it, including dealing with getting resources into the community that alleviate the burdens that hold people down. So why is everybody sitting around acting like Donald Trump isn't gonna plan to steal this election if he moves like You know Republican officials won't certify the results of the election. We know it's Donald Trump's Supreme Court. Why are people acting like this is gonna be a free and fair election and he won't try to steal it? Well, but those are two different points. Okay. So it will be a free and fair election if we the American people stand up for that. You know I I see it as this. I think that there democracy has, it's like two points of nature.


One, there's a a fact about a democracy that when it is intact, the strength that it possesses in terms of the protection of people's individual rights and liberties. When a democracy is intact, we protect your rights and your liberties strength. Democracy is also very fragile. It will only be as strong as our willingness, We The People to fight for it and not as much as anything is what's at play in this election fight for our democracy. Flawed though it is imperfect though it may be because there are very two real paths right now. The man has told you he intend to terminate the constitution. The man has told you all these things about his disregard and disrespect for your freedoms and liberty, including the right of a woman to make decisions about her own body.


And he hand selected three members of the United States Supreme Court with the intention they would do exactly what they did. One outta three women in America lives in a a state with the Trump abortion ban. You know every state except Virginia in the south has an abortion ban. You know where the majority of black women live in the south in those same states that have some of the highest rates of black maternal mortality and they wanna strut around talking about this is in the interest of women and children and they've been silent on an issue like black maternal mortality. But I know that people are aware and clear-eyed, And I do believe that people are gonna go to the poll and they're gonna vote to stand up for these principles and to stand up for their rights to freedom and liberty and to live And just be free to be.


I believe that Madame Vice President. Thank you. I appreciate you Charlemagne. Thank you. Alright, well make sure you go out and vote today. Today is election day. Cast your vote today. Yeah man. To salute everybody in Detroit You know Michigan, we need y'all to pull up big for the vp And I. Just wanna salute Reverend Solomon Kinlock Jr. The senior pastor at Triumph Church. Once again, salute to my man, Zeke, president and CEO of New Era Detroit. Salute to the Good Brother Ice wear Bezo You. know rapper, entrepreneur and salute to Eric Thomas, former chief storyteller of Detroit for pulling up to the town hall a couple weeks ago. Salute to Chanel too, man. Chanel. What up? All right, now when we come back, we got just with the Mess with Lauren LaRosa.


We'll get into that. Next, it's The. Breakfast. Club. Good morning The. Breakfast Club. Morning everybody. It's DJ Envy. Jess, hilarious Charlamagne the guy We are The Breakfast. Club. Let's get to just with The Mess with Lauren LaRosa. So yesterday Monday Diddy celebrated his 55th birthday, but this year was a lot different. It was no Diddy parties, it was none of that. So this is his first birthday behind bars and his family, his kids, Justin Quincy Christian Chance Baby Love and the Twins posted a video of them singing Happy Birthday to him baby. Love actually sung Happy birthday to Diddy and Diddy's on the phone. Let's take a listen. Do happy birthday.


Yay. I love y'all. I love y'all so much. We love you too. Can't wait to see y'all. Yeah, can't wait to see y'all. And. I. Just wanna say I'm proud of y'all, I'm proud of y'all, especially you girls, I mean all of y'all. But just for being strong, thank y'all for being strong and thank y'all for being by my side and supporting me. I love y'all. I got the best family in The. World my birthday. I'm happy. Thanks y'all giving me this call. Thank you very much. I love y'all. Love you too. Can't wait. See you. See you in a couple of days. Hi daddy. Yeah, I love you too baby Man. I will note too, that's the first time that we've been able to hear Diddy from behind bars as well.


Now there's still a lot happening in the court. So there was Can Can I say one thing real quick? Lauren, Go ahead say It. I just would like to say, and this is just You know a broad statement, okay, if you have kids, kids should be enough for humans to make better choices. Yes. Always remember Destiny is not a matter of chance, it's a matter of choice. If you have those beautiful babies at home to take care of, that should be enough to always make the right choice. Yeah. Because listening to that was tough. Oh my God. That old baby. Yeah. But so there's still, I mean it's crazy too because there's still more happening in the court. Like, I mean everything is still active even though we're not hearing about it as much anymore. And the people may be fatigued, like we talked about prior to, so recently there was a guy who is now a grand jury witness, his name is Courtney Burgess.


So this guy had did an interview and in the interview he claimed that he had these manuscripts from Kim Porter going back to the whole book non-book conversation and that he had some sex tapes. So he was caught outside of the court talking about it by TMZ. Let's take a listen. I know you can't mention celebrities per se. You did mention some in the, in the interview. So just to clarify, you can back that up with actual factual footage. We, we have, yeah, it's things that we have, but we gotta go to the other courthouse. So I don't know if that's the any more questions, but we kind of got another hearing To go. Are you nervous or do you feel, Nah, I ain't never was nervous. Only thing that's fed me is God. Who is that Now? So that's a guy named Courtney Burgess. Now this guy claims that he wasn't close friends with Puff, but like they knew each other in passing because he worked in the industry and that he was an associate of Kim Porter's.


He, so he's claiming that he received her a manuscript that she wrote and on a flash drive and that also he was handed over some sex tapes and he claimed that on these tapes that they're allegedly some celebrities and different people on them. Now, he was coming outta court here in New York last week when he was caught on this video talking to the press. And what he said also too, was that he handed everything over the tapes and the manuscripts and all that. Kim Porter's best friend of 30 years, her name is Lawanda Lane, she's actually the caregiver of the twins right now. She came out this week and said, we don't even know this man. We don't know this man. And if there were manuscripts we would have them and would've seen them first because she says herself, she was responsible for packing up all of Kim's belongings when she passed away and distributing stuff to the family who wanted to take things.


And there was no manuscript. So there're very confused about who this person is. And I will say too, when this video came out last week, I received a just a statement from a source that You know just gave me a heads up that Diddy's team was actually going back to the court because of this video and saying, Hey, we did the whole gag order thing between the attorneys, but can y'all please put something in place where these witnesses just can't go talk to the media and stir up these conversations and make things seem like they're real. Just because people hear a witness say, I've handed that over to the Feds. Right? Right. So it'll be left up to the feds to determine what's real, what's not when it comes to these tapes that they're saying that alleging they have and the manuscripts and all that stuff. But I just think it's so insane that all of this is happening. And you got You know, you heard that baby girl on the You know singing Happy birthday to her dad.


It's like, why would you even put yourself in a position like this? All those babies out Here's. That's what I'm saying, Destiny's not a matter of chance, it's a matter of choice. When you got them beautiful babies at the house, you just gotta make better choices. That goes to every human hearing. The sound of my voice right now. Well That was just with the mess. All right, now when we come back, we got the People's Choice Mixer. Don't move. Get your request in and get out there and vote. It's The, Breakfast, Club. Good morning The. Breakfast Club. Your mornings will never be the same. Morning everybody, it's DJ Envy Jess, hilarious Charlamagne, the guy we are The Breakfast Club. Lauren LaRosa, filling in for Jess And I. Wanna remind you guys that tonight the Native Land Podcast and The Breakfast Club will be live coverage, election coverage from Howard University.


And you can check that out on YouTube. We'll be streaming tonight on YouTube. So Yeah, it, it'll be streaming on YouTube at Native Land Pod and at Breakfast Club Power 1 0 5 1 FM salute to the Native Land podcast. That's the good sister Tiffany Cross, the good brother Andrew Gillum and my good sister Angela Rye. So yes, we'll be broadcasting tonight live election night coverage from Howard University tonight. Okay, just go to at Native Land Pod and at Breakfast Club Power 1 0 5 1 FM Pod. I think, if I'm not mistaken, it starts at 9:00 PM tonight. All right, now when we come back, we got the positive notice. The Breakfast. Club. Good morning. Morning everybody. It's DJ j Envy. Jess, hilarious Charlemagne guy.


We are The, Breakfast Club. Lauren LaRosa filling in for Jess. Now it's time for a positive note. Yeah, the positive note is simply this man, today is election day. I'm about to go out there and do my civic duty y You already know who I'm voting for. I'm voting for the vice president Kamala Harris. Not telling you who to vote for, just telling you who I'm voting for. And I. Just wanna let y'all know, man. If you like to complain, like I like to complain, then you have to go out there and vote. Because if you don't vote, you really don't have a say in what goes on in this country. And let's be clear, voting is just the beginning. Once you vote, you have to continue to push the people you voted for. You know if they win. You can't be afraid to criticize and challenge folks to make them keep their promises. All that talk on social media, YouTube, that's cheap.


Okay, I repeat. Talk is cheap, voting is free. Take it to the polls. Go do your civic duty today y'all. See you tomorrow. Breakfast Club bitches. You, I'm finished. So y'all done.