
Meetings, deadlines, emails. Don't you wish you could escape the chaos? That's where the all new Nissan Murano comes in with available features like the relaxing misogyny, seats to ease stress, and the beautiful skyline views that bring in natural light. It's like cruising in your personal oasis. And if you need to set a vibe, 64 colors of personalized lighting and a bold premium sound system. Have you covered? Hands down. The all new Nissan Murano is your stress-free getaway. Sometimes the greatest rush isn't rushing at all. Drive the all new Nissan Murano today. Panoramic, moonroof, ambient lighting, bows and massaging. Leather appointed seats are optional Features.


Taking control of your career is empowering. Just don't tell my boss. I said that. Building a career just isn't about a job. It's about creating a path that impacts our community and future generations. Whether you're starting out or making big moves, State Farm is here to support you with resources to help protect what you're working hard to achieve. They've got your back every step of the way because like a good neighbor State Farm is there. Find out more at State Farm dot com.


The big guests continue on Las Cultas this week. It's the very funny Amy Poer, don't overthink it. They talk water. We did not drink water growing up. Water was not a thing. Parenting. You got Teen Boys. This is like the black diamond of parenting and of course, I don't think so. Honey Horror Movie. Okay. Okay. Amy Poller is on LA's Culture. Ugh. The latest episode drops Wednesday. Listen to Las Culture Eastes on the iHeartRadio app or wherever you listen to podcasts.


Peace to the Planet. I go by the name of Charlamagne to God. And guess what? I can't wait to see y'all at the third annual Black Effect Podcast Festival. That's right. We're coming back to Atlanta, Georgia Saturday, April 26th at Pullman Yards. And it's hosted by none other than Decisions. Decisions Man DB in Weezy. Okay, we got the r and B Money podcast with Tank and j Valentine. We got the Woman of All podcast with Sarah Jake Roberts, the Funky Friday podcast with Cam Newton, the Naked Sports Podcast with Carrie Champion. Good Moms Bad Choices podcast, the Trap Nerd podcast and many more will be on that stage live. And of course, it's bigger than podcasts. We're bringing the Black Effect marketplace. We black-owned businesses plus the food truck court to keep you fed while you visit us. All right, listen, you don't want to miss this. Tap in and grab your tickets now at black effect.com/podcast Festival. Proudly sponsored by Nissan.


Good morning. USA Yo Yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo, yo yo. Jess. Hilarious. Good morning, Charlemagne. The guy. Peace to the Planet is Tuesday. Good morning. How y'all feel out there? I feel blessed Black and Holly favored. Happy to be here another day to serve our beautiful listeners. We are back. That's right From spring break. That is right. What's UPS going on, Jess? How you feeling? I feel good. Everything is good. You know what I got a problem with though? What, what, who was here last? Using my earbuds? Because I don't know, the piece is not in there. Smell 'em like the little small, the the soft cushiony Part that's nasty to smell. Take Somebody's ear buds. Yeah. So smell's like the, the air buds is like raw in my ear.


It's like the little condom part is gone. You Smell 'em? Yeah. That's disgusting. What You mean smell em? Man, don't smell like, they don't smell like nothing. I think whoever warm Took the Airbus off dirty. Yeah. And then they just took the things off and just left here with the raw earbuds disgust. But nobody should be in this room but us. Yes. The door should lock it shouldn't, And then live on her own. Yeah. She, she leaves with us. Yeah. She do. The next time I start leaving with mine. But spring break was good. My 13-year-old was happy. That's Right. It was his birthday. Yes. It was also his birthday. So we gotta spend a lot of time with his friends that he no longer goes to school with anymore. Dope. And, and it, it was just nice. Ash is really grown up. And What you, what you de fe it with 'em? So we actually just, I just cooked dinner. We just relax, like, just Yep. And then the pool, you know the pool's at the house.


So we had the pool popping basketball court. They was, you know, had a couple more of his friends over. He just had an extended spring break. Like an extended birthday's. That's, it was too much going on on Easter. You had Easter then. It was four 20 and it was the last day of passing. Yeah. That's Why I went making it to church. It was too much. Going on was crazy. You high are Because four. No, not because I was high because was home was high. Wrong eggs. That's why I didn't make it to church because I was high. It was four 20. I had to make a, I Thought it was combined though, this year. Did you? Yes, because we woke up, prayed. You know, eggs are too high to do the egg dying thing. Plus my, my, my daughter wouldn't remember that anyway. No, but Ash was happy. As long as Ash was happy. I was high. My daughter was good. Everything was good. Okay. All right. What y'all do?


I did the, the Easter egg hunt thing y'all do for my kids. No kids have enough kids for that. Have to do that. Then my God, kids came over. So it's a lot of fun. And then we do this annual kickball game. Oh, that's Dope. When I say yesterday I was sore. I must have used muscles I ain't used in a year. Well you did. Like my arms was like this yesterday. My legs. I was walking like I was riding a horse all day. I was banged up. So You was bow-legged all Day? I was bow-legged all day. Oh My God. Oh, You really was Dominican then. Oh, shut up. I just caught up on mad content. Yo, I went to Broadway twice. I saw Hell's Kitchen. I saw Harry Potter, one of them. Harry Potter's again for the million times when my daughter went to go see it when she was younger. It was six hours. Now it's only three. I took my other two younger daughters. I went to go see Sinners.


Okay. Hey, I caught up on some reading. That's all I did all throughout the Spring break. Content. Content. Content. So, What's Better Sinners or Magazine Dreams? Oh, sinners as a movie. As a movie? Yeah. Yeah. It's not even close. But see, the thing with Magazine Dreams, it was that performance that Jonathan made did. But as a whole movie, it's Center this. Yeah. I gotta go see Sinner Too. I gotta see it too. Yeah. I was with The kids kids back in school today, so I'm gonna go see it this week. Alright, well let's get the show Crack. We got front page news a lot going on. Pope Francis passed away. I know. We'll break that down. It's, it's wild. 'cause I seen him at Mass on Sunday morning and then woke up the next day. He was like, you passed. I'm like, I know. That's how, that's how it usually happens. I know, but he end Day gone tomorrow. Yeah. Yeah. All right, well, we'll break all that down when we come back.


It's The Breakfast Club. Good morning. Morning everybody. It's DJ Envy. Jess. Hilarious. Charlemagne the guy. We are The Breakfast Club. Let's getting some front page news last night. NBA playoffs. The Knicks lost to the Pistons 100 to 94. The series is tied one one. And the Clippers beat the Nuggets. 1 0 5, 1 0 2. And they tied the series one one as well. What's up, Morgan? Hey Y'all. Hey. How y'all feeling? Hey girl, Bless Black and Holly favored. What's up Morgan? Listen first up on front, front page. It's some devastating news coming out of the Vatican. Many around The World are mourning after the passing of Pope Francis at the age of 88. He was born Jorge, Mario Lio of Argentina.


He died hours after making a surprise appearance, like you said in the Easter appearance at St. Peter's Basilica, where some are speculating that it was his meeting with Vice President JD Vance that did in, but that's false. The Vatican did release a statement saying that he suffered a stroke. Now the Pont's death sets off a series of events, including a nine day morning period that began yesterday. Francis Will Lion State at St. Peter's FICA at the Vatican in Rome for two to three days before his funeral. In the past, popes were placed in an elevated platform for public viewing and then buried in nest in three nested coffins. But Francis essentially broke to tradition. He paid for his own arrangements and simplified the process. He, along with future popes, will be placed in a single zinc line, wooden coffin for viewing and burial.


And he asked that his tomb simply reads FCUs in a, a post on truth. Social President Trump said he and the first lady are looking forward to attending the Pope's funeral. He spoke more about the Pope yesterday at the White House Easter egg hunt. And here's what he had to say. I just signed an executive order, putting the flags of our country, all of them, all federal flags and state flags at half-mast in honor of Pope Francis. So he was a good man, worked hard. He, he loved The World. And it's an honor to do that. Yes. So vice President JD Vance, posted on X saying that his heart goes out to all who loved him.


Former President Biden also released a statement calling him, unlikely unlike anyone who came before him. And an advocate for the voiceless and powerless Ukrainian president v Demir Zelensky praised the pontiff for knowing how to give hope, ease suffering through prayer and foster unity. Russia's Vladimir Putin sent condolences as did Iran's foreign ministry. Now, back on the home front, New York, governor Kathy Hoel, who is a Roman Catholic recalled meeting the Pope in 2015. And she spoke about the empathy he had for marginalized people. Let's take a listen from Governor Kathy Hoel. My, my recollection of meeting Pope Francis is a man of great humility, but also love of people.


The members of the lgbtq plus community, migrants, people who are impoverished, people who are in prison. Those are the ones that he gave God's compassion to. So a lot of people wanna know what happens next. Right? The College of Cardinals are meeting today to discuss funeral plans, which should happen in the next four to six days following a conclave, which is a private meeting where the selection of a new pope happens 15 to 20 days from now. Cardinals from around The World will elect a new pope. The ballots will be burned daily. And black smoke signifies that a selection has not been made while white smoke means that a new pope has been selected. Damn. They Doing like a gender reveal is colors. Yes. Yes. This is the, the, the meeting is very secret.


And the only way we can, they signal, you know, an update is the smoke. So again, black smoke means no selection. And white smokes means a new selection has been made. So Cardinal, yes. Cardinals who are younger than the age of 80 are being considered. I'm gonna go ahead and put my bid in for Wilton m Cardinal Gregory, who is the highest ranking member of the Catholic church in America right now. And he's also the first black cardinal. He just retired as the Archbishop right here in Washington DC And there are also some other black cardinals around The World who all serve out of Africa. So, you know. So the Pope died on Easter? No, Monday He died. He died On Easter Monday. Easter Monday. Yeah. Early Easter Monday about seven 30 in the morning. That's gonna be tough, man.


'cause you know, folks are gonna have to make a decision on who to celebrate. And I'm sure they gonna pick Jesus every time. Oh man. Well, you know, I'm sure that's what the Pope would want as well, because that's what, who he served. So He actually surprised people at mass. They didn't think he was actually gonna come in mass. And he, he gave us, he went to Mass and then he hopped into a popemobile. They said he drove around the crowd. He, he kissed babies and prayed over kids and people Emini here. I seen people crying 'cause they just didn't expect him to be there. And then the next day he passed. So very sad. Damn. So he had like the Strength to do all of that. And that's what I was saying. Emini here. Emini here. He was in a wheelchair. He wasn't walking around. But still, he, he had the strength to get masks. I'm like, nah, he, he, he was in the back of the car and they, you know, lifted up the kids and babies for, for to pray over.


Yeah. All right. Well that is front page news. Thank you Morgan. We'll see you next hour. Alright. Signal gate. We'll talk about that at seven. Alright, Everybody else get it off your chest. 805 8 5 1 0 5 1. If you need to vent, hit us up right now. Let us know how your weekend was and all that other good stuff. 805. 8 5 1 0 5 1 is The Breakfast Club. Good morning. The Breakfast Club. Your time to get it off your chest. Whether you're mad or whether blessed. I Hate the way that you walk away, that you talk. I hate the way that you dress. Everything with near is best. Call up next. Eight five eight five one oh five one. Not just Me, I'm with the coach of feeling. Hello. Who's this?


This is Christine from the 8 0 3, leaving a late night booty call doing the walker Shame. A KAA ride Shame home. So you stay right now. Oh boy. Oh, that got a good point. You know what? But actually I don't because I don't eat meat And I don't really have an odor light to be honest. Hey, asparagus stink. That man know that man, that man say that asparagus stink when you pee now. Yeah. Don't act like that. But was it a good night at least? Yeah, It was a good night. But check this out before we get into my good night. Go to my TikTok page. Not you, but y'all.


K-A-I-S-K-O-N tn t Now get back to the late night boot call. What's up? No, I just asked if you enjoyed yourself. That's all. That's it. Oh, I always do though. Okay. This a, this is a regular boot. New this something new or this a regular book? No, it's A regular bull. And I, I was a until I met him then I had two kids already. But I was a virgin until I met him because I never knew dj. I, I knew again was missing out on. I never knew Jesus well. Oh, she said she was a virgin until she met. Oh. 'cause she, you had two kids but you never had a orgasm. Okay, I what you're Saying. I kind did have a orcas. I just didn't know. Sexist is good. Okay. Alright.


While I'm late night creeping on the weekday And I gotta be to work in hour Where your kids Crazy and still gotta Huh? Where your kids at? Like 31. My daughter 10. How far is where you driving from? Where your booty call at? Road. You traffic loaded? Yes I do. The roll is good. Yes. To the fat one. I ain't too far. It Ain't too far. It's like ain't no traffic on the road. You talking about 12 to 15 minutes. 12 to 15. Okay. Get your ass back home. You gotta be working a little bit. Right, right. You better get well Morning Breakfast Club. That's right. Make get home in time to take a shower. Now Brush your teeth before you kiss that 10-year-old Too. You going there smelling like Bud, I stop. You don't wanna smell like Bud. Now come stop playing With it.


Stop playing with me. I told you I don't have an odor. I don't eat meat. Okay. Stop playing with me. Stinky everybody. That why people, why people that stinking that would smell they up. We don't Know. She do. Well I, I thought I hung up on her. Hey yo. Hello. Who's this? Hey, good morning. This is Kim calling from Charleston, South Carolina. How you guys? 8 4 3. What's happening? South Carolina owner. You know it Crazy like a poet. Know it like a poet. I'm getting this off my chat. I know you guys were on vacation, so I'm expecting DJ Envy to do a print mix for me. Rest in Peace Print. Yes. DJ Envy. Yes. I thought, oh yeah, prince is today, right?


No, no, no. Yesterday. Yesterday. Yeah. Yeah, yeah, yeah. You know what? Yesterday, Nine years ago. Right. DJ Envy. You know how I know that? Because the day that Prince died was the same day that Birdman came up here to do that. Put some respect on your name interview. He did that when Prince died that morning. Yeah. Yeah. So do we celebrate? Usually we don't, we celebrate birthdays. We don't celebrate the death. Well, we Emini here. You gotta do a mix for the man. I don't care. You better do a mix regardless. Right. Alright, Go ahead and duck them French songs off in another thing. Check this out. As soon as JD Van visited her, Hope Francis is dead.


You tell me what the ham sandwich And I ask y'all a question. I I wanna ask y'all a serious question. What's that? And I, I just want y'all to think about this. You really think that's the only person the Pope met that day is JD Vance? No, but Emini here, listen, you look in the eyes of the devil. Why? But why do we, it's, it's, it's strange how we just, our minds work in this social media age. We saw a picture of the Pope and JD Vance. She don't like JD Vance. And everybody said JD Vance killed the Pope as if the Pope didn't meet thousands of other, it was Easter. Me. I don't believe that. I, I was just, trust me, I know That at All, ever since he dropped the trophy all by, it's like, No, no solo. Trust me. I don't believe that at all. I just said that jokingly. Oh No, I'm with you.


I'm with you. I'm just talking to everybody else. I'm talking to you. Yeah. I don't believe that. I just think it's coincidence. But people leave here when they're trying to leave. I don't care who they meet or who they run into or what Car ran them over. If it's your time to leave, it's your time to Leave. That's right. What car ran you? That is true. Thank you, Kim. You have, you have a good morning. He Also was 88 years old guys. Yeah. Emini here. You know, he lived A long life. Not, not, he was, she was joking. And this man is still dead. Like he really did. Get it off your chest. 805 8 5 1 0 5 1. If you need to vent, hit us up now. It's The Breakfast Club. Good morning. The Breakfast Club. I'm, I'm, Hey, what you doing man?


I'm calling. This is your time to get it off your chest. Whether you're mad or blessed. 805 8 5 1 0 5 1. We want to hear from you on The Breakfast Club. Hello. Who's this? Hey, what's going man? This is Mike Love from Long Island. Mike. Love. What up? Get it off your chest, bro. Yeah, no, I just wanna know, man, it it, why is it that when a female can put their hands on the man, we not supposed to do nothing. We just supposed to take that, you know, they, people laugh at us, so they make it like, oh, if we do something or we feel a certain way, then we're weak. But if we put our hands back on them in retaliation, then we're with a problem and we're wrong for that. 9 1, 1 9 1 1 Or nine. Our nine one run. Yeah, just take off running nine one run.


You know you can't win so that you do it, you better take off running, Man. See, I was raised a Little. What If you're in a position? Like what if you driving to something and then you getting constantly hit? You can't do nothing. So you on a highway just punch you in the head. You're not supposed to do nothing. Drive over bridge. No, Don't drive the bridge. Pull over Chris Brown. I ain't Yeah, a just Pull over, bro. You can't do nothing back. Think about it. You driving to somebody and, and this bitch keep hitting you. Yeah. All right. You better stiff arm or give a one quick bang real quick. She'll be All right. I just tell her, you better relax for both of us die. She Already know that though. Yeah, I think she already know that. Or kill her side. Just like swerve over. Okay. Swinging on me while I'm driving and then I get into then what?


Yeah, I hear you, man. You getting beat. Go ahead. You Getting beat up, yo? Yeah, I'm getting beat. Oh, I got beat up man. And I did exactly what you said. I pulled over and I'm like, yo, chill. So I pull over. I didn't hit her back, none of that. Right. I get, I pull up into a Burger King, she start wheel on me. So I gave her like a sh like stop. And I gave her like a Swift one and then all of a sudden nobody saw all the time she was hitting me. They only seen when I pushed her off. And they like, oh. I'm like, you didn't just see her hitting me. They're like, oh, you gotta be the bigger person. You gotta let that happen. You can't, don't touch the, you know. What was she mad about smoking to Chick-fil-A or McDonald's and was mad? You pulled up That phone? She would, She went through that phone. She with the phone now while he was driving crazy.


That's crazy. With phone. So she, so how, who Called that? Who called that Jess? The woman in the room. And what did she, what did she find on that phone? She found some things, man, that she probably shouldn't have found, you know? But hey, not every relationship is perfect. You know, Crazy life still don't hit me. Okay. You see, you see Jesus. Yeah. You need to leave. Goodbye, Mike. Love man. Yo, just with the mess. I love you. Yo Char mink. I love You too. I love you too. Love you too king. Have a good one brother. Alright. No doubt man. Get it off your chest. 805 8 5 1 0 5 1. We got the latest one, Lauren, coming up. What we talking about? We Do, we gonna talk about Shannon Sharp. He's being accused of sexual assault and the accuser wants $50 million.


50 million. Yeah. And we got some exclusive details on this too. You're only gonna hear it here, so, All right, we'll get to that. Next. It's The Breakfast Club. Good morning. The Breakfast Club. Morning everybody. It's DJNV, Jess. Hilarious. Charlamagne, the guy. We are The Breakfast Club. Let's get to the latest with Lauren. Lauren becoming the, a straight fan. She gets them from somebody that knows somebody, some, well, she gets to details. I'm the home girl that knows a little bit about Everything. She be having the latest on you. Good Lord. The latest when Lauren la Sometimes she have facts, sometimes she have details. Sometimes she have a little bit of everything. Well, it's the latest on The Breakfast Club. Talk to me.


So Shannon Sharp is being accused of sexual assault and rape. There is a young woman, she's now in her early twenties, but she says that she met Shannon Sharp when she was 19 years old in a gym in Los Angeles back in 2023. And she says that because of what she experienced. And she says that the, the, she alleges that the rape was brutal. Like it was, it was very, it was aggressive. She wants $50 million in exchange. So this was filed late Sunday in Nevada by attorney, attorney Tony Busby. Now, this woman is alleging that Shannon Sharp raped her multiple times over the course of a two year relationship. The relationship that they had was sexual and parts of it were consensual.


But she says during the relationship, because he was physically stronger, a lot older than her, like 30 some years older than her, and just, you know, more powerful, he began to get really aggressive. But she, at this point, she was already in it. She says that he was manipulative, he would threaten to choke her and slap her. She's also said that at some point she was being recorded without her consent. And that she later found out and alleges that the videos were shown to people. Now, when they first met in the gym back in 2023, she says that she didn't know who he was. That it was just like an older guy that was like, you know, checking out in the gym. He was very persistent. So eventually they started texting conversation, and that led into them, you know, beginning to see each other outside of the gym.


She said at one point, there was a time where they got into an argument in his home or in, in her home. One of the homes, they got into an argument in a home. This was after the whole like Instagram Live thing. Because with, with when we, with the woman that we think is name Michelle. Michelle, yes. Because at that point she said that they were in a physical relationship, not physical. They were in an actual relationship. They were in Vegas together. So when that happened, she had already kind of been, you know, in this thing where he's verbally abusive, allegedly. But she thought that they were together. This Instagram live happens. She gets upset, she breaks it off because he's supposed to be exclusive, allegedly to her. And he doesn't like that. So she alleges that at that point, Shannon Sharp comes, they get into this very, very, very, you know, abusive mentally relationship.


He's berating her. He's telling her that he, he threatens to kill her, allegedly. She tries to turn on her phone location at some point during these arguments and sending a phone location to her friends, he tells her and threatens her, allegedly to say that like he will f-ing kill her if she ever does, does that again. But the rape part of it, she says that she was allegedly raped anally twice. And that it was very, very brutal. Yeah, like there's a, there's a ton of stuff here. She also says that even though this relationship was, you know, consensual and she moved to Vegas with him, she attempted to break things off with him several times. And that turned into things just getting worse. So at this point, she's asking for $50 million.


And she says that the last incident, the last she alleges the last rape incident happened January, 2025. So it was, according to her, this was very recent. And the only reason that she decided to even see him at that point, because she had tried to break him off, break it off, was because he had told her that he had a birthday gift and like a Christmas gift. So she was like, okay, I'll let him come over. And then he violently, allegedly violently sexually assaulted her. One more time. So The fact that it, if this is true, right, why would she go grab Tony Busby as the lawyer? Yeah. If you wanna be taken seriously, you don't go get Tony Busby. I am. But this, she might've grabbed him a long time ago. We don't know when she actually grabbed him. Do we know? Did she, him? She, well, we, okay, so we do know now we do have a timeline exclusively.


So when this came out, Shannon Sharp dropped a statement. And of course people felt like, because it was Tony Busby, this was a money grab. Correct. Because there have been conversations about Shannon Sharp being in negotiation for a hundred million dollars on a podcast deal. I reached out to Attorney Busby and asked him, of course you did. Yes, I did. And asked him, you know, the timing of this is very ironic. And I have to ask you, no, did this come up well from what podcast Dealing, if the podcast Deal got,


have you ever looked around at your crew and thought, man, these are my people. The ones who turn the smallest moments into memories you'll be talking about for years, the folks who show up when you need them and make your life so much better. Well, now you can make those moments even sweeter because Share a Coke is back. And this time it's all about celebrating friendships. Whether you're hanging out, watching the game or just chopping it up, there's a Coke for everyone from Bestie and bro to classic names like David and Sarah. These special cans and bottles are made for your whole squad. So grab one, crack it open and toast to the people who make life worth celebrating. But don't wait. They won't be around forever. So grab one for everybody, pop the top and keep the good vibes flowing next time you're making memories. Don't miss your chance to share a Coke with all your favorite people.


Hey, what Up y'all? It's DJ Envy. The first few months of 2025 have been quite a year. Work deadlines, group chats, you can't escape. And your weird cousin's latest overshare. It's a lot. But here's some good news. You don't have to bring that stress into your car. The all new Nissan Murano is your piece on wheels, thanks to its available features. Imagine sliding into the relaxing, massaging seats that feel like they were made to melt your tensions. Take in the skyline views that let sunlight pour in and watch as your day brightens. I have a special playlist that always gets me right. And with the Bows premium sound system, you too can vibe like you're at your own private concert. Plus, with your 64 color personalized lighting option, you can set the mood any way you want. Be it romantic, chill, or in a straight up do not disturb mode. Let the Nissan Murano be your oasis in a chaotic world, because sometimes the greatest rush isn't rushing at all. Drive the all new Nissan Murano today. Panoramic moon roof, ambient lighting, bows and massaging. Leather appointed seats are optional features.


Hey fam, if you're like me, you're thinking about how to level up in your career. Maybe you're fresh outta college, just started in your field or even look at to switch things up and find your true calling. Whatever stage you're in, remember that this is your time to grow, to learn, and to build something that lasts. State Farm understands the early career development is key to long-term success. They've been a steady presence in our communities, and they know that having the right support early on can make all the difference. State Farm is there to help you make smart moves and to help you get the coverage you need. We all know that journey to success is a marathon, not a sprint. It's about staying focused, staying grounded, and making sure you're protected every step of the way. Let's build our careers with confidence, knowing that State Farm is there to support us just like they've always been, because like a good neighbor, State Farm is there. Find out more at State Farm dot com.


The big guests continue on Las Callista this week. It's the very funny Amy Poer, don't overthink it. They talk water. We did not drink water growing up. Water was not a thing. Parenting. You Got teen boys. This is like the black diamond of Parenting. And of course, I don't think so. Honey Horror movies. Okay. Okay, Amy is on Las Culture. Ugh, the latest episode drops Wednesday. Listen to Las Culture Eastes on the iHeartRadio app or wherever you listen to podcasts.


That's last Friday. And then the lawsuit people got announced Sunday. No Emini here. They've been mediating for a while, a long time ago. We, We, you don't know that unless you ask. So I you do asked. No, you can assume it, but I don't know it for a fact unless you ask. So now I know for a fact that as of February of this, of 2025, they were in mediations at some point there's been conversations between Shannon Sharp's attorney and counsel at the time, and Tony Busby. They were trying to figure this out in mediation. And then Shannon Sharp, I guess, decided not to go through whatever media issue. Wait, what was this? This was 2025. Oh, 2020 5th of February, 2025. Yes. Yeah. But common sense, unless you know that though, these lawsuits don't just drop, like they always reach out to your team beforehand to let you know Yes.


That we are about to put this out. Absolutely. And if you wanna put, if you wanna settle, that's right. Yeah. I wanna read to you exactly what Tony Busby said about that meeting in February because Tony Busby was actually upset because in Shannon Sharp's statement, which I will get to, they revealed the woman's name, the accuser's name in the filing in Nevada. She filed as a Jane Doe. So we learned who she was because of Shannon Sharp's statement. And Attorney Busby, of course, was upset about that. So He said her name first Shannon Sharp. Shannon Sharp is right. Shannon, her name first. Yep. Oh wow. So Attorney Busby said that they had a common prem mediation agreement to not disclose a lot of the things that were discussed in Shannon Sharp's statement, and that Shannon Sharp breached that. And so now they could care less about considering anything that they're asking or that Shannon Sharp's team asked not to be released.


Tony Busby is, is alleging that this statement that Shannon Sharp dropped attacks this young girl by using text reportedly sent well before the acts at issue in the lawsuit. And they also mentioned that I, let me read this, the statement, and this'll make more sense. So Shannon Sharp released a statement after all of these allegations dropped. The statement starts with a quote from a text message. So the quote And I, some of it, I can't even say I don't think. But it says the woman is allegedly texting Shannon Sharp, saying, I want you to put a dog collar around my neck and choke me with it while you're effing me. Yes. And and then they had the woman's name and it says that this is a text that she sent to Shannon Sharp on October 7th, 2023.


Now there's another text message that says, I know you missed this big juicy a word. Can I say that? Yeah, no, It Just Say a, okay. A word 20 5K for each cheek. And then her name is mentioned again. And this message is from January 1st, 2025. Now they're saying that the lawsuit that was filed by this woman is orchestrated by her attorney Tony Busby is a blatant, she Said 25,000. Each cheek. Each cheek. What? But Emini Here, he led with money. She alle, allegedly, she alleges that when they first met in the gym, that one of their first conversations was he said, yo, if you get fit and lose weight with me and win this competition, I'll pay for you to get your boobs done. How old was she at the time? They said at the time in the documents, they said she was 19 when she met him in 2023. But she's now in her early twenties. And Shannon in What?


56 now? He'd have been 54 at the time. Let me see how old he is. I think He's like 56. Nah, but 2,500 a cheek. So what, like 25,000 a cheek or 25,000 A cheek. Google says he's 56 years old, but he's denying this Mercy, mercy. He's denying this. He also was saying that there is a video that this woman's team has that he's been shown, which probably happened in that mediation that we didn't know about. And were They, were they actually a couple? Yes, they were. They were, they were doing whatever this Date was. He was 50 and she was 1956. 54. 54. She was 19 years old. So, so listen, she's 21. He says that in an effort to extract a large financial statement, this woman presented Mr. Sharp with a secretly recorded video of a consensual sexual encounter.


Shannon Sharp's team believes that the video has been heavily edited and taken entirely outta context and crafted to falsely portray a consensual act as non-consensual. So yes, whatever they were doing at the time, according to Shannon Sharp, it was consensual. But she's looking at it a different Way. But that's not against the law. 'cause she was of age. So even though she was 19, that's not against the Law. Yeah, well he's saying that this video is going is is being used and altered to blackmail him. Her Tony, her attorney Tony Busby is saying that it's that they've provided Shannon Sharp with the full video and that there is audio as well too. That they all agreed certain things would stay to not in the public for public consumption. But now they're, I I don't know what's gonna happen next. I I I can predict that certain things would probably get released, but I don't know how explicit that video is.


This is a very, very messy situation. I don't know what's true and what's not true, but I have no idea why a 54-year-old man is dating a 19, 20-year-old. I know y'all like to be out here bragging about smashing these young things, but that's not a flex to me. You 54 years old, you should be laid up with your wife and kids taking your cholesterol medicine minding your damn business. You should admit we need discipline and stability. That that's, And I ain't talking about just Shannon, I'm just talking about all of us in general. Men need discipline instability. Find you one woman and settle your ass down. Okay? I agree with you. But it's not against the law. He, he can he at, at as long as the person's over a certain age. It is not against the law. So legalities that's not against the law. I'm with you. I don't, it don't feel right, but himself is not against me.


I'm with you. I'm just saying a 54-year-old man supposed to be laid up with his wife and kids somewhere. Hell maybe even have a couple of grandkids. I don't wanna be chasing no young girl that 'cause what are the conversations like? What are the conversations if I'm 54 and you 20? That's what I thought about. Like we all even Talking, I don I don't agree with that signs of a stroke, but all I'm say is, but it's not is illegal when you see all these white people do it. Leo DiCaprio, Seinfeld who? Hugh Hefner, Jo Keem, Phoenix. John May when they date young girls, nobody says anything. I'm not saying it's right because, but it's not against the Lord. When I saw Shannon Al with Andrew Schultz and he was just talking about all of the ways he avoids situations like this. I don't know if Y's saw that part of the conversation. Now he don't even wanna be on the elevator with a woman, stuff like that. It's the same thing with this.


You know, a lack of discipline and stability can increase the chances of situation like this happening. You 54 years old, a 19 year, 20-year-old, no, you're right. It's Like, come on. If you gonna be that disciplined with everything else, you gotta be disciplined all across the board. But You know what's gonna happen now? You gonna see more than one accuser stop popping out now. Well, I hope not, but That let's not hope that. But that's, but that's what this, that's what usually happens. Yeah. One accuser is su 400 million. There's gonna be another girl that's gonna be like, well, I happened to me too. I need 20, then another one's gonna come. I need 10. That that's what you'll see. I hope Not too. I would hope not. I hope he didn't do this. But you know, that's what you more likely to see. That's what we've seen in the past and y'all. And if, why wouldn't you wait till he sign his podcast deal? Because we don't know nothing about no podcast. She might not have known that y last week. He did just put the announcement out last week.


It just, These text messages? No, in this statement, these alleged text messages. This woman said she wants a big black baby put in her. She ain't waiting on nothing. I don't know. You are a big black Baby. She said it twice that they, they included these text messages that show the nature of their consensual sexual relationship. So She not black either. No, she white. So once again, doctor with Dr. Uba, when you need it, oh my gonna learn. I'm gonna Just say I'm totally against it. Oh my. You gotta, even in sin, y'all ain't, that's what, you know what we learn that Role plan and everything according to this statement. But he says it was all consensual. So this video, I don't know, it could look kind of crazy, but you know, Young girls not black.


Once again, we need discipline instability because when you don't have no discipline instability, it increases the chances of situations like this happening. And I, and you see it all the time, right? Older men date these young women. But let me just flip it. Just imagine if you have a 20-year-old daughter or a 19-year-old daughter and she brings on a 50-year-old man. Mm, We fighting, we fighting with There's nothing that Y'all have in common. What Shannon shot with, I Wasn't talking about Shannon Sharp. I Got Logan though. I what? Think what do you think Logan? Every day frail 54-year-old on he bring somebody like Shannon and he got new hip. I got, I got Logan.


Logan in the gym right now. Little Logan in The gym right now. Logan. What up Logan? I know you got a on. He Gonna turn that hip pack and get busy. Alright, all we gotta wrap up. That is the latest With Lauren. Yes. We'll get more when we come back. When we come back, we got front page news. Don't move. It's The Breakfast Club. Good morning, Wake up. Wake up. You're locked into The Breakfast Club. Morning Everybody. It's DJ Envy, Jess Hilarious Charlamagne ne guy. We are The Breakfast Club. Let's get in some front page news now. Quick NBA scores. Last night the Knicks lost 100 to 94. The series is tied one to one and the Clippers beat the Nuggets 1 0 5 1 0 2. They tied the series one to one as well. What's up Morgan? Happy Earth Day to y'all.


Do you guys know about the Earth Day? A little bit about it? Well, it's the anniversary of the birth of the environmental movement. So Earth Day looks to inspire new ideas and bring people to action. Of course, there will be events held all over The World that caters to taking care of our planet. Now elsewhere on Front page, we have yet another Signal Gate situation after Secretary of Defense, Pete Hegseth has reportedly shared more details. A military plans across a second group chat in the Signal app this time with members of his family. Now, CNN is reporting that multiple sources told them that hex Seth shared military plans regarding an operation against Houthis in Yemen with his brother, lawyer, and wife. Now, hex, Seth's and lawyer have jobs at the Department of Defense, although his wife does not.


The report comes following an incident last month where top members of President Trump's cabinet sent operational plans of classified information about US military strikes on Yemen to a group thread on signal to which a reporter had accidentally been added. You guys remember that, right? Yeah. Yeah. So speaking outside the White House yesterday at the Easter egg thing, hegseth and Trump, they pushed back, hegseth said some leakers got dismissed from the Pentagon and then some hit pieces came out. So President Trump also shared his thoughts, calling it essentially fake news. Let's take a listen to their comments. This Is what the media does. They take anonymous sources from disgruntled former employees and then they try slash and burn people.


It's all just the same old stuff from the media. Just that's an old one. Try finding something new. Oh, so what do you guys think about this? Here we go again with another signal. Chat leak. It don't matter because nothing matters anymore. So what's the point? Like what are we supposed to do? Like what? Seriously, what are we as the civilians, we the people, what are we supposed to do about this situation against Trumpton? Absolutely positive. Nothing. If, if the administration ain't doing nothing about it, and you know, what are we supposed to do? Well, I, I think for at least be aware of it. You know what I'm saying? This is our defense secretary. So Emini here we know, but once again, we, but once you, once you know then what You right. I don't know. Switching gears to the next thing.


No, no, for real because it's like, it's so much. 'cause switching gears to the next thing, the drama around deportation. Meanwhile, Marilyn, Senator Chris Van Holland, and he just got back from El Salvador after visiting Ilmar Abrego Garcia, who was mistakenly deported to El Salvador. Well, the senator detailed what Abrego Garcia told him about what's happened since he was deported. Let's take a listen to those comments. He Was traumatized by being at Sea Cot and fearful of many of the prisoners in other cell blocks who called out to him and taunted him. He said he felt very sad about being in a prison because he had not committed any crimes.


So the Democratic senator went on to say the Trump administration is lying about the case and is really focused on and added that it's not about, you know, this one person, but it's about the rights of every person in this country and being able to get their due process. So the, the government has not furnished proof that Kmar Bri Garcia has it or is involved in any terrorist organization or is a part of an MS 13 gang. So, you know, if that is the case, if that is what they are accusing of him of, then that's what, you know, the Maryland Senator and those who are supporting of Brig Garcia are saying, we'll, bring him back here and let him have his due process here. So yeah, speaking on ABC's this week, now Trump's borders are he weighed in defending the, the deportation, of course, repeating allegations that Abrego Garcia is a gang member.


He also, they also accused him of abusing his wife. His wife has been nothing but supportive to him. But let's take a listen to Trump's border czar Tom Holman, who also called out Senator Van Holland for taking that trip to El Salvador. Let's take a listen. We'll do whatever the, you know, the law says we have to do. And what I think I stand by the, the fact, I think we did the right thing here. What bothers me more than that as a US Senator travel El Salvador tax taxpayer dime to meet with an MS 13 gang member public safety threat terrorists. So he goes on to stand 10 on saying that the administration was allowed to deport Abrigo Garcia under the Alien Enemies Act, even though the administration has also admitted in court that he was deported due to an administrative error.


And if I ra if I may wrap things up on the story regards to, with a read from what I would call a read anyways from Texas Congresswoman Jasmine Crockett, she spoke to Ms. NBC about the case and here's what she had to say. As far as I'm concerned, he's a lot less criminal than the person that's sitting in the White House. 'cause last time I checked, he doesn't have any criminal convictions. I don't even think he has any outstanding cases versus the guy that still had cases pending when he was sworn in on January 20th and also has 34 felony convictions. So listen, I don't wanna hear anything from the Republican party about how they trying to keep us safe when their fearless leader is actually the biggest criminal thus far that we have seen.


Because I haven't seen anybody with a rap sheet that looks like the Presidents Ooh. A read And I, Ooh, any thoughts on that? You guys? All Of it matters. I just don't know what we are supposed to do. I don't know what it is that we, the people are supposed to do. When somebody tells me what it is that we're supposed to do about this, then I, I'll, I'll, I guess I'll have more to say, but it just feels like, you know, we sit around and we, you know, keep repeating the same things over and over and over and over and over and over and over again. And I, I, I feel like a lot of this is above us at this point. When the president met with El Salvador's president as well, you know, he alluded to that Homegrowns are next, by the way.


So I don't think it, you know, we should never, I I I heard, I heard that too. But once again, what are we supposed to do? That's all I'm asking. What is, what, what are we supposed to do? Well that, that's definitely a question for some legal experts. But of you saying that, you know, the courts and, and legal experts and you know, that's not helping and you know, what are we supposed to do? I don't know, maybe we should may look, get it off your chest. What's the number? He, he, He's, he's def defined the Supreme. He's not listening to the Supreme Court. He's def defined the Supreme Court. It's clearly unconstitutional. It's clearly unlawful. But as a civilian, what kind of checks and balances can I apply? None. Because he's doing what he wants to do regardless. Yeah. And I but every Checks and balances that was put in place, he's overriding it. Yes, that is true. And there, there's, it is being said that, you know, he may be held in contempt of court, but that's a matter of who's gonna get that case as well.


Correct. So that is developing and that is a pending situation in regards to all of this, you know, this madness around deportation. It, it does seem to be tied up in the courts quite Heavily. Yeah. And, and Emini here, what can we do other, other than what we're doing right now, raising awareness. But you know, you, I, I know some of y'all think because you tweet 20 times a day that you're doing something, you know, but, and, and yeah, you're raising awareness. But what are we supposed to do? Like I'm really, I'm really asking the question. Mm. Well look, I will say this before I go. Make sure you love on yours. Okay. So that's your front page news. Morgan Said, thoughts and prayers. That's and prayers. Make sure you love on yours. Love Your No, but seriously, before I go, I did have a death in my family.


I will be out for the remainder of the week. So do love on yours. That's right. And, but we have a amazing lineup to bring you guys front page news from the Black Information Network anchors an amazing lineup for the remainder of the week. So yeah, that's your front page news. Y'all can follow me on social at Morgan Media. For more news coverage, follow at Black Information Network. Download the free iHeartRadio app and visit us@bnnews.com. Yes. Love on yours. Love on yours. Sorry for your loss, Morgan. Absolutely. Oh, thank you. I appreciate that. I'll see you guys next week. Alrightyy. Now. All right, thank you Morgan. Now let's open up the phone lines (800) 585-1051. Lauren LaRosa was breaking down the Shannon Sharp lawsuit and the incident with Shannon Sharp, allegedly he was dating a 19-year-old when he was in his fifties.


So the question is 805 8 5 1 0 5 1. What do you think about these older men? Now listen, All the reports I said, and by the way, it don't matter, but all the reports I said said she was 20. Even though I still think that's crazy. Lauren said they first started talking when she was 19. So that's why I said allegedly. Alright. Okay. That's what I said a lot. And you know, Lauren be calling, getting her info from, but we, we, but just outside of Shannon Sharp, we seen it with Leo DiCaprio, Seinfeld, Hugh Hefner, and a host of others. Yeah. I don't care who is with, I think that there's no reason for a 54-year-old man to be dating or even sleeping with a 20-year-old woman. Like it is just, what do y'all even talk about? What do you have in common? And I think that when you get to that age, you should have some type of discipline.


You should have some type of stability in your life. You should have a wife, you should have some kids, probably even some grandkids at 50 something years old. Yeah. And you should be kicked up with your, you know, kicked up with your Family. Now this is the thing, I've dated older, but then I found that this how old, because you are older. Like 50, 60. I've dated, the oldest I've dated was 49. Yeah, he was on his way to 50. He was 50. And how old are you? You know, I was like 24, maybe 23, something like that. Hold on, hold On. Let's, let's talk about it when we come back. Okay. All right. 805. 8 5 1 0 5 1. What do you think about these older men dating these younger women in their teens or, or early twenties? Let's discuss, it's The Breakfast Club. Good morning. Pull out, pull out your, pull out your phone. Call in right now. Call me.


Add your opinion to The Breakfast Club topic. Break it down. 805 8 5 1 0 5 1. The Breakfast Club Daddy call man. It's topic time. Call 805 8 5 1 0 5 1 to join into the discussion with The Breakfast Club. Morning everybody. It's DJ Envy. Jess. Hilarious. Charlamagne the guy. We are The Breakfast Club. If you just joining us, we open up the phone lines (800) 585-1051. We're talking about older men dating these younger women. And when I say younger women, I'm talking about teens or low twe late or early twenties I should say.


No, No, no, no, no. When I'm talking about younger women, I'm talking about these guys that are 30 years. These people, seniors. That's what I'm talking about. Like, I think when you 50 something years old and you dating a 20-year-old, that's ridiculous to me. Right. And I, I'm, I'm, I'm, I'm consistent with that. That's What I'm talking about. Teenagers. 18, 19, early twenties. I'm Talking about because somebody can be 32 dating a 60-year-old. And are you cool with that? You said what? A 30 5-year-old dating a 65-year-old man or 60-year-old man. Yeah. I think that's even more because this man's 60 plus years old. Yeah. So at least a 30, 30 plus Women at least lived a little Bit. You're right. Like you Grown, grown, grown, grown. So it's not the difference we're talking about early. I'm actually looking at her a little crazy.


Like, damn, what you on with that old ass man? He must be rich. Well, Right. Well, let's, let's ask Jess. Jess, you said you dated a a 49-year-old. 49-year-old Man. And you were at what age? I was 23. Why? Just he had money. Yeah, he did. He about to lie. Trying to make up. So I was not about you lie down. I was not About to lie. I was really about to say. Yeah, he had money And I always had like a little old soul or whatever, you know what Emini here And I met him at, at the car dealership and quite That Did, no, I ain't buy me no car, but he helped me with the down period. With down payment. Huh? You help with the down payment. He helped me with the down payment. How much? And I think the down payment I was getting like a little Honda.


It might have been like 5,000 or something, but I act like I ain't have it all. And he was like, oh, you know, you know. And I, and he How much Did he give you? He gave me like $3,000. I had like buck. How, how long were you with him dating him For like six or seven months. It really wasn't long, but I broke it off. Not even him. I broke it off because you, you get in like relationships with older guys as a young woman because you think, oh, this nigga's gonna help me grow up, or I'm doing something that ain't nobody else doing Emini here. You know? And he's very childish. She was childish. You, you automatically just think because you did an older guy that they're gonna have it all together. They're wise, you know, they, they can, they can teach you things. They About Things they did. They try to do those things on you. Like, nah, Emini here, I know what I'm doing and do this.


Did he try to be like, treat you like a child or no? Yeah, until he realized that he couldn't do that. Got you. And then that made him, that made me even more attractive to him. Like, he liked that it was, oh, okay. So you not a, a young dummy. You smart. Now let me show you how dumb I am. It was just weird. Like, I was like, oh no, I, I got a, nah, I can't, like, he was very childish and stuff. He didn't know how to have sex. He didn't know how to the box. I was like, oh my God, you too old to not know these things. And I started dating back in my age bracket. He Probably ain't know. He like, these don't taste the way they used to. You damn sure. Saying about me, the ones from my area used to taste a whole lot different. Yeah. Right. I'm gonna be honest with you. I just think it's corny. There's no way you should be dating a woman who was in somebody's womb when you was 30. Yeah. Okay.


Imagine imagine being 30 years old. Yeah. Standing over a crib with your penis out like that, that, that just looks crazy to me. That sounds, But that's how you should look at it. Why you 50? If you, if you 50 plus years old dating a 20-year-old, that makes no sense to me. I don't know why men have not grown outta that. I love discipline. I love stability. I love having a family. When you, if you 50 plus years old, you should be kicked up. Have your feet kicked up at home. You got your wife over here, you got your kids over here. Why are you chasing these young girls? I Disagree with that. Standing over the crib with your penis out like that. Now listen, the only reason why, the only way I would think about it like that is if way around the way. And you seen this girl grow up and you waited for her to get a certain age, right? Like 19, 18, something like that to date her.


Then I get that notion of it. But to these, if you're just an older man and you see a younger woman, younger looking woman, you know, whatever, it's like, all right, they are attracted to young women, you know? But that's different. I'm not about to think about it as I'm standing over a damn crib with my penis on you. Like I watched this little girl grow up. You should. Then I jumped At, I'll say this, everybody's not made for marriage, right? Yeah. He was married and didn't enjoy it. That's true. So that, so he wants to get a bachelor. And I'm not mad at that, but I look at it a little different. Charlamagne, you got four daughters. So I got four daughters. I don't want my 21, 19, 22, 20 3-year-old daughter dating a 54-year-old man. There's, there's nothing in common. The only thing I feel like you dating that young is because you wanna control.


That's, that's what, that's my mentality. Yeah. But there's nothing, you know, I don't see nothing wrong with, if he wanna be a bachelor, he could be a bachelor. Maybe he's just not major. Who, somebody your age go get you a nice 40 something year old. And exactly what you said they wanna control. 'cause that guy at that dealership gave me $3,000 because he just knew he, she greened now I'm gonna control her and did not, He didn't know she was Dealing with just both from Baltimore Green. Go find somebody that can help you regulate your cholesterol. Go find somebody that they dealing with they blood pressure too, too. Go find somebody that can recognize the signs of a stroke. I gotta go get a colonoscopy. You Don't know what that is. You what Emini here. Like Who is Calvin? You like, who is Calvin? Who's Calvin? Hello? Who's this? Hey, this is key.


How y'all doing? Im Good. Key. How old are you? Key? No, Hold on. It says Key was 17 dating a 40-year-old man. Come on man. Wow. Talking about, okay, He was 40 something. A little bit older than 40. And y'all got married. Break that down. Yeah, we ended up getting married. We have three beautiful children together. We are no longer together because He dead. He's dead. Oh my God. Is he dead? No, he's still, he's almost 61. Still dating younger women. What state are y'all In?


Have you ever looked around at your crew and thought, man, these are my people. The ones who turn the smallest moments into memories you'll be talking about for years. The folks who show up when you need them and make your life so much better. Well now you can make those moments even sweeter because share a Coke is back. And this time it's all about celebrating friendships. Whether you're hanging out watching the game or just chopping it up, there's a Coke for everyone from Bestie and bro to classic names like David and Sarah. These special cans and bottles are made for your whole squad. So grab one and crack it open and toast to the people who make life worth celebrating. But don't wait. They won't be around forever. So grab one for everybody, pop the top and keep the good vibes flowing next time you're making memories. Don't miss your chance to share a Coke with all your favorite people.


Hey, what up y'all? It's DEJ envy. The first few months of 2025 have been quite a year. Work deadlines, group chats, you can't escape. And your weird cousin's latest overshare. It's a lot. But here's some good news. You don't have to bring that stress into your car. The all new Nissan Murano is your piece on wheels, thanks to its available features. Imagine sliding into the relaxing, massaging seats that feel like they were made to melt your tensions. Take in the skyline views that let sunlight pour in and watches as your day brightens. I have a special playlist that always gets me right. And with the Bows premium sound system, you too can vibe like you're at your own private concert. Plus with your 64 color personalized lighting option, you can set the mood any way you want. Be it romantic chill, or in a straight up do not disturb mode. Let the Nissan Murano be your oasis in a chaotic world because sometimes the greatest rush isn't rushing at all. Drive the all new Nissan Murano today. Panoramic moonroof, ambient lighting, bows and massaging. Leather appointed seats are optional features.


Hey fam, if you like me, you're thinking about how to level up in your career. Maybe you're fresh outta college, just started in your field or even looking to switch things up and find your true calling. Whatever stage you're in, remember that this is your time to grow, to learn, and to build something that lasts. State Farm understands that early career development is key to long-term success. They've been a steady presence in our communities and they know that having the right support early on can make all the difference. State Farm is there to help you make smart moves and to help you get the coverage you need. We all know the journey to success is a marathon, not a sprint. It's about staying focused, staying grounded, and making sure you're protected every step of the way. Let's build our careers with confidence knowing that State Farm is there to support us just like they've always been because like a good neighbor, State Farm is there. Find out more at State Farm dot com.


The big guests continue on Las culture. East recess this week. It's the very funny Amy Poer, don't overthink it, they talk water. We did not drink water growing up. Water was not a thing. Parenting. You got Teen Boys. This is like the black diamond of Parenting and of course I don't think so. Honey Horror movies. Okay. Okay. Amy Poer is on LA's Culture. Ugh. The latest episode drops Wednesday. Listen to Las Culture Eastes on the iHeartRadio app or wherever you listen to podcasts.


And that was legal. Huh? What state are y'all in that, that was legal. It wasn't Virginia. But you say y'all got married When they got married? Probably when she got a age. Age. Well I didn't get married until I was like 22. Oh duh. Okay. You Right. So long story short, it was, it was very hard. My twenties, my early twenties to mid twenties was very hard, very depressing. He was very controlling, was always gone out doing what he wanted to do while I was at home taking care of our kids. It was, it was really hard. It was something that I would not recommend any young woman ever doing. Was he very controlling? Yeah, she said he was.


Of course he was. It was a domestic violence situation. I'm so sorry. I definitely finally got the courage to leave because I didn't want my children to keep on, you know, saying that I don't, didn't want them to think that that's normal. And it affected our oldest son. He's 15 now. I had to put him in therapy because, you know, it just, it was just horrible. But thank God And he's seen a lot of things. Yeah. Yeah. Thank God that I, I had to pray my way out of that situation because I was really in love with him. Damn. Where, where was your father at this time? Did was your dad around? So, yeah, let me, let me protect my parents. My parents are both retired Army and they were both overseas fighting the war in Iraq.


So I was in Virginia with my, with my grandmother. Wow. But I was at work when I met him. So it's not like my grandmother just let me do whatever. I was at work place and you know, he took that opportunity to, you know. Yeah. And he used to come pick me up from high school and everything. Like Jeez, I Don dunno how I got outta high school, you know, you supposed to get signed out. So He was definitely old enough to sign your ass out. So that's, wow, that's crazy. But, Well thank you for sharing your story with, I'm Happy that you still here and that you are out of that situation. Yeah, definitely. I didn't want my kids to think that that was normal, so. Yeah. Well thank you. Key. And he's a horrible father, so Jesus.


That mean he a horrible grandfather too. Yeah, he is. He horrible. Alright, Damn. Thank you for sharing your story. 805 8 5 1 0 5 1. We're talking about older men dating young women. What's your thoughts? Have you been in this situation? Call us up right now. It's The Breakfast Club. Good morning. Good morning everybody. It's DJ nv Jess. Hilarious. Charlemagne the guy. We are The Breakfast Club if you just joining us. This conversation came from Shannon Sharp. He's being sued by a young lady, allegedly. They met when she was 19, 19, 19 years old. He was in his fifties at the time and we're just asking 805 8 5 1 0 5 1. Taking it outta Shannon Sharp. We're talking about older men dating younger women.


And we have Bailey on the line. Bailey, good morning. Good Morning. Hey Bailey. Good morning. Now you, you said you date older men all the time. Yeah, I sorta kind of do. I started at like 22. How old are you now? Six. I'm 39. You ain't no young girl. Well She said at 22. At 22. What was the oldest man that you dated? He was 36 at the time. 2236. Alright. Yeah, 14 years. 14 years. That Ain't, that ain't 50 plus in 20 though. Yeah. Yeah, These 30, I'm talking about these 30 year age gaps are crazy to me. And now recently I'm talking to somebody that I just found out is 71.


71 And I, yeah, but he doesn't look like it. Oh Boy. I Met him through a mutual friend, like at one of my friends' gatherings, family gathering. You met him through a mutual friend who is mutual your I'm Not gonna mutual friend. My friend. Oh, Shirley. Shirley that used to babysit her. Okay. She's 69. She introduced you to her. 71-year-old friend. That's wild. Okay. And you 39? Yes. You ain't gonna make it into the wheel. I'm telling you that right now. I might. I might because he treats me very nice. I might be in there. So What's the last thing he bought you?


Emini here. He doesn't really buy me nothing. He pays for things. What he pay for? What's the last thing he like? We go out to dinner. He paid my car note a few times. Damn. 71. He Paid my home bill a few times. He asked me about rent, but I felt like that's giving him too much control over. Oh, that's Too much. You bought, he pays your your car a couple of times. What is he gonna Do to you? See, I guess the 30. No, It's just, It's, it's strange. I don't want him to feel like, oh you need me so I gotta do this and this for you, like type of thing. But I'm like taking the clothes but I'm like, you know whenever he's like, oh baby, I got you. You need me to take care of something. I'm like, oh okay. No problem. It is strange how scale work though Chloe?


When I look at a 39-year-old, about to be 40 dating a 71-year-old. I look at her and be like, what's your problem? Yeah, you know what, Emini here. But then when I look at the 50-year-old, with the 20-year-old, I look at the guy and be like, what's his problem? What's his, She just want Bills paid I guess. So you gotta bump uglies with him then? No, actually he's his, I go out with him on, I was raised to say would you post, but would you post them like yeah z like would you post him? I probably would later, not right now. Who? He passes away. Goodbye Bailey. That's crazy. Goodbye. And she got an old name. Bailey. Bailey. Bailey. That is not an old Name. Old Bailey is super old name Bailey. Who your first name? Bailey. Beverly Is old. Not no damn Bailey. I don know.


Hello? Who's this? Yo, This Brock. What's good Brock From Newark. Brock from Newark. Talk to us. What's up? How old are you Brock? Yeah, me. I'm in my thirties. I had a old head that was like in in they sixties, you feel me? And you know I was going on all expensive paid trips to Puerto Rico. Yes. Atlantic City and People love City Leonard Soda, you know like if they gonna treat you good then it's good, but if they gonna have you out here on some bs, you know King, king let go. King. No King listen, let go. I need more. I need you. I need you to want more for yourself. You said that she used to take you outta all the part he you said he?


He, Yes, he. Oh listen you said you said he. He like, oh, He like, okay, well even still, I don't care what your sexuality is. You right. I just want you to want better You, you said all expense Patriots And I was always working. You mentioned Atlantic City Working, doing your thing metal attractive. They gonna wanna take you out and do your thing because you got your own. But yeah, you supposed to still be treated good. So what's the, what's the oldest dude you holler at that Atlantic City and Minnesota. That's what I said. And Puerto Rico. And Puerto Rico All except, Hey Rod, Do you, do you like beauty in the black? Let's just answer that right now.


Do is beauty in the black one of your shows? She Said Beauty in the black, not beauty in the back. I don't, I don, I don't watch tv. I'm usually watching Squawk Box and you know News Nation Uhuh. I see if you watch Beauty in the Black then Honey, that what you, how you living is definitely what's going, what that show was giving. So, but Yes. What's the oldest that you You I like the script that, I like that. What's The oldest you mess with bro? Let me see. I think he was like in his sixties so he had to be like 30 years older than me at least. Mm. But Emini here again, you know, sometimes you are attracted to people how they treat you and it's not necessarily they age. Okay. And what's the things that you bought besides the trips to Atlantic City? I Didn't buy nothing.


I was, I was taking out, He's like I'm the sugar baby. I'm the sugar baby. Emini here. What way? Period. What did he buy you? That's what I'm asking. Besides Atlantic City, bro. Emini Here. Diamond rings, apartments, house, cars. What's good, You know, paying for my rent. Like I said, you know a great car. Oh yeah. Fire. What? Not even the, He said Newark got the though. Nah, Don't put that on Newark. Don't do Newark like that. Uhuh. What he say? Newark not the what? Newark don't, don't do the Newark like that. They the brick city, not the thousand. Don't do them like that. He said he got the Glock. Don't put that on Newark said I was in Newark all weekend.


Don't do that in Newark. They gonna pull up, write the story. Don't worry It. It's has story not Astoria. I I bro, what Up, have a good day. I don't Play this game with y'all no more. What's the moral of The story? The moral of the story is, I know y'all like to be out here bragging about smashing these young girls, but that's not a flex to me. You know what I'm saying? You 54 years old or in your fifties, you should be later with your wife and kids or at least be with women that's close to your age. Like that's that's me. Yeah. You know, and I'm consistent with that. I said that when Diddy was out here with Young Miami and you know Leonardo the Cary. I don't know what y'all see in these young girls. I need somebody that can, that know at least all, at least six members of Wu-Tang.


At least six members trade up. Is it six of them? Yo. Oh my goodness. I haven't told y'all this story about how years ago. I'm not gonna say his name, but there was a record rep and he was talking to me about how man, I tried to talk to one of these young girls and she was real smart And I said to her, you a regular Doogie Houser. And she was like, who is Doogie Houser? Jess Don't know who Doogie Houser is. No, I Don't exactly. You know who Doogie house? Lauren don't know either. No. Okay. Exactly. See Doogie Hower. Now tell me what's the Dogie house? Doogie Houser was a hit sitcom back in the day that Neil Patrick Harris, my grandma Had said, I know Neil Patrick Harris, You got the latest coming. You see what I'm saying? But I Wouldn't say, I would tell everybody out there that's thinking about it. Just imagine when you have daughters, would you want your daughters to date a 54-year-old man at the age of 1940?


Imagine being 30 but naked, standing over somebody's crib. That's what you should be thinking about when you out here ready to holler these 20 something year old girls when you 50 plus. Cut it out if you just joined us. This context, I swear this context, I promise. Yeah, you have the latest one come up. Yeah, we do. So Kanye West just let us know a little bit about his childhood. He said when he was young, he used to do some things with his boy's, cousins Dingling. Oh my god. Yeah, we gonna talk about it. His boy Cousin Dingling Kids in the car. You, you know what time it is. We'll we will get to it next. It's The Breakfast Club in the morning. Lauren becoming a straight face Off Man. She Gets him from somebody that knows somebody. Well she gets the Details. I'm a home girl that knows a little bit about everything and She'd be having the latest on you.


Good Lord. The latest with Lauren la sometimes she have facts, sometimes she have details, sometimes she have a little bit of everything. What's the latest on The Breakfast Club? Talk. Talk to me. So Kanye West just made a very startling revelation. So he posted a song to his ex account and he captioned it with this. He said, this song Cousins is about my cousin that's locked up in jail for life, for killing a pregnant lady. A few years after I told him we wouldn't look at dirty magazines together anymore. Perhaps in my self-centered mess. I felt it was my fault that I showed him those dirty magazines when he was six. And then we acted out what we saw. My dad had a Playboy magazine, but the magazines I found at the top of my mom's closet were way different.


My name is Ye And I And I sucked my cousins Dingling till I was 14. Now let's take a listen to the song that he revealed this in. So He just decided to, to sing in his soprano. Like he just gave his cousin head Jesus Christ. The tweet was way better than the song. Yeah. And when I first saw that story yesterday, I thought to myself, what am I supposed to do with this information?


Like I don't want Kanye to to tweet. I want Kanye to go get help. If he needs help, he needs to go get help. He's got all the resources, he's had all of the money, he's got all of the access to the best help go get help until he does that. Everything I see him do and Sage just seems like a publicity stunt to me. Well Emini here, it seems like he's trying to release and and let things off his chest. But let me ask you, he said he showed his cousin the Yeah, the book and then he did it to his cousin. So he is yeah, Emini here taken advantage of his cousin. That's what he pretty much, he said Yeah, Until he was 14 years old and Emini here. What do you mean taking advantage of them? 'cause if he gave his cousin the book and he did it to his cousin, he actually did it to his cousin. Yeah. I thought, oh, I thought he said they were doing it together.


I thought he said were said. He said they were reenacting, they ain't reenacting the magazines but he said he, he took the blame of showing the cousin cousin Right. This like, yo, this is what I wanna do to you. He said, we Acted out what we saw and then he said, my name is Jay. And I sucked my cousin's Dingling until I was 14. I want the record to show, I was on this radio one time And I said that, you know, so many of Kanye's publicity stunts are falling short that eventually he's going to do his own sex tape. And I said that he was gonna be on video trying to suck his own. Remember I said that? He did say that. Yes. So I'm close you. Oh my Goodness. No, no, no, no, no. It starts Close to That man need that man need help and Need un until he gets it. Everything he does seems like a publicity stunt. Yeah. And I just wondered if, Why, why do we need this information? If The people close him song, if they still care about the money or if they really care about getting this man help you'all Think he's anymore I don, I don, to Justin's point, you don't think he just trying to promote a Record?


This is, we have to all stream the song. 'cause I swear not like that. My video got lost before we just went up. He was like, yo, we gotta listen to family business. And, and then he dropped another song. We gotta listen to it. Like to really get to the, the bottom of what he talking about. See, that's what people are doing. They're going to stream the song at the end of the day. It's a win-win for him. And This is a new angle. He never tried the gay angle before. Family business. He tried every, he's tried everything. Well, he was saying he was gay when he was younger, but he grew out of it. He didn't say that or he, well, no, no, no. If you fucking pee until you're 14, oh, it's like, come on. I don't know what the point of the tweet was, y'all. But the people are coming. Gather thyself. Gather thy dices, come back to the altar. Okay. He was, He Listen.


And then you seen Tokyo, Tony, she came out and she did say what she, nothing to do with this Matter. Some people that came out in support. Yes. Go Tokyo. Tony said that she supports Kim now, you know, she's directly, you know, into the family or whatever. And she said that Kim, Kim's mom and Kim got him the best doctors that, that they were getting him help. Like he was going to therapy and everything. Okay. But then, then he like was like, nah, I'm, I'm not doing it. Oh he won't do it anymore. Right. I guess she saw them helping him. They had the best doctors. Chris and Kim was trying to help him. I can say I was at TMZ when Kanye came to when all that stuff happened. And I will say that people give them a lot of flack, but they were trying to stop that in that moment as well too. Actively. But Question, didn't he say he wanted to do a porn tape with Kim again and Ray J?


Yes. And he wanted Caitlyn there too. Yes. He, yes. He Said a lot of things envy. The point is, is that the man needs help. That's what we trying to get to. Yeah. Booie has come out in support. He said he feels bad for Kanye. Yeah. He's been through some stuff as a child. That's why his mind is so messed up. Yeah. ASAP Fur came out and said good for Kanye West. Now you can be whole. When people start to act out, you never know the root of the the issue sending love to brother, you're a Goal. Until that brother goes out there and really goes, gets goes to get some help. It just seems like everything he does is a publicity stunt like this to me. This is just his latest cry for attention. This don't sound like publicity stunt. This sound like he's crying for attention. Like He always sounds like he's crying for attention. This, this right here, this ain't he, he wanted to release this. This is something that's been on his heart and his soul it seems like for a long time.


And he wanted to let it go. Why? I don know If release was the right. Yeah. I don't know. God bless him once Again, I think it in a series of tweets that will he be on? It's hard to feel that way, but I feel both sides of it. I because Today, because today or tomorrow, he gonna say something to have y'all not liking him again. Oh, I didn't, they didn't say I liked him because of This like, like I can't take Kanye serious. Yeah. Nobody Said they liked him because of this. They just feel you, you feel sorry for 'em Lauren, you should reach out to the cousin in jail. You know what? I can't. I, you know what? My phone line only goes but so many different places And I, I think I am okay to stay outta that one. Okay. Alright. Well Charlamagne, who you giving your donkey to? Well, they are talking. This situation is interesting though. 'cause people they're talking like he was abused or something.


Right, Right. When he was the one. Because when you That's what I saying, kid. You don't, you don't, I don't think as a kid, But he said he, he said, I don I don't know how old he was, but he said that they looked at magazines together and then they reenacted. So he wasn't what they saw in the magazine he's doing. And he, he was the one doing to him. That's What I was saying. That's what I said Earlier. But then I still, that doesn't mean that there's something wrong that he can't go get help for. Yeah, Of course. So what do You gotta get help for being gay? Yes. At a very young age. Yeah. But all I was saying is he wasn't being abused because he said he's the one that, that was the initiator. Yeah, Man. I think y'all, I'm not saying that this didn't happen. It just seems like everything he does is a publicity. I know All Kelly like, oh, y'all gonna feel sorry for him 'cause he was sucking pain at 14.


I told y'all my sister made me, you know what I'm saying? That is, that is, that's a fair thing. And y'all was like, throw him under the jail child. He started tweeting about Hitler not too long after that. All right. So we are, I think he might be doing all right, wrapping Up. That was the latest with Lauren Charlamagne. Yes. Your donkey. Who you throwing it to Man? Four after the hour. We need a guy named Aaron Moss to come to the front of the congregation. He's 51 years old from Arizona and he thinks 9 1 1 is a joke. Alright, We'll get to that next. It's The Breakfast Club. Good morning, Wake up. Wake up. You're locked into The Breakfast Club. Donkey up the made it damn the Heehaw again. It's time for Donkey of the Day Up. I'm ain't trying to be donkey today no more.


They should be embarrassed by what they already did. I don I'm not making these people do these things called Donkey of the Day. And it really caught me off guard. Damn Charlamagne. Who got the Donkey of the Day today? Well, just hilarious Donkey of the Day for Tuesday, April 22nd goes to a 51-year-old Arizona man named Aaron Morris. Now, when I was growing up, public Enemy, the great Chuck D and Flavor Flav drop on a clues bond for public enemy. They had a record called 9 1 1 is a joke. The song was about the lack of response to emergency calls in black neighborhoods. Totally understand why Public Enemy made that record record. But that has nothing to do with this situation because in this situation, Aaron Morse is indeed the joke. What do you mean Uncle Charlotte? Aaron is the joke.


Well, let's go to Fox 10 Phoenix for the report please. 74-year-old Susan Morse was a well-known artist, a mother and a great neighbor. Neighbors say Sue's late husband passed away about a year ago. Then her son, 51-year-old Aaron Morris moved in according to court documents. Aaron called 9 1 1 and told police he had an argument with his mom and used a pistol to shoot Her. Mr. Morrise allegedly confessed to shooting the victim in the head. The victim succumb to her injuries. Mr. Morrise has a long standing history of alcoholism. Mr. Morse, you were arrested on the following allegation. Murder in the second degree. That is a class one felony and tampering with physical evidence, which is a class six felony.


Aaron Morris had his first court appearance this morning. His bail is set at $500,000 cash only. Damn, the news report didn't even tell the best part after killing his mom, shooting his mom in the head. Right? He called 9 1 1 and said he committed a heinous crime. Then he called nine one one again to call the whole thing off, which after killing his mother, he called back to 9 1 1 and said, oh, it's okay. She's fine. She's alive. She's in our pottery studio. First of all, i I, if you kill your mother, trust and believe you will be in hell with VIP seating. And that VIP seating comes with three bottles of the finest piss hell has to offer.


Okay? Shot your mom in the head over an argument. What was the argument that she's ready for you to move out her house? She's upset with you because you haven't lived up to your full potential. You were bummed just like your daddy. I don't know what the argument could have been, but the fact it ended with your mom having a bullet hole to the skull tells me everything I need to know about you, Aaron. But the fact he thought he could just call 9 1 1 and cancel his order. He was talking to the police like he had a time machine Doc Brown's DeLorean order the, the time thrown from Marvel. He was talking like he could just rewind things and everything was gonna be okay. No sir, that's not how 9 1 1 works. If you think you going to call 9 1 1, report a heinous crime and then call back and say, no, I was just playing, let's call the whole thing off.


Yeah, that doesn't sound suspicious. Nobody is gonna come investigate that. I don't even know why Aaron Morris would think that would work in his favor. I know he was drunk, but you know, I I think this requires a game. A a game of guess what race Aaron Morse, 51 years old from Arizona, shot his mom in the head over an argument called 9 1 1 to report the crime. Then called back to say he was playing just hilarious. Guess what? Racist white. You said that very matter of factly why he killed his mom. Mm. Okay. Shot her in the head. Okay. Okay, okay. Okay. I see where you're going. DJ Envy Aaron Morris, 51 years old from Arizona, shot his mom in the head over an argument called 9 1 1 to report the crime.


Then called back to say he was playing, guess what? Racist white. Damn y'all saying this, just like y'all just know No. 'cause He called the police and he called back and be like, nevermind sight. Nah, I'm just playing joking. Nah, ha ha, nope. Doesn't happen. Well, Just a Larry DJ Envy, I would like both of you to know that you are 100% absolutely. Positively correct. Yeah. Aaron Morris, his Caucasian. Look at him. Wow. That's right. Oh yeah. He is very white and he look Like he a killer. Again, That is Yellowstone White. Yeah. Okay. That is meth for breakfast. Bath sauce for brunch white.


Definitely, definitely meth for breakfast. Yes. That's right. Yep. Yes. So please give Aaron Morse the biggest chaw. All right. That's it. All right. So well thank you for that donkey today. Now Lauren Arosen, during the latest, During the latest with Lauren, just reported that Kanye gave his cousin Fellatio. Well, well Kanye said that. Yes. And Lauren was reporting it. That's what I said. And when I saw that information yesterday, the first thing I thought to myself is, what am I supposed to do with this information? Like, seriously, what, what, what were we all supposed to do with that information that Kanye shared with us yesterday?


Let's open Up the phone if he's not gonna go get the help he needs. To me. Everything that he does and says just seems like a publicity stunt. Well, let's, Let's open up the phone. So What were we supposed to do with that bit of information? Wants to Share with, wants to be able to feel sorry for him. But how can somebody feel sorry for you? Because you wanted to, you know, gobble the dingling at 14 And you're promoting the song, by the way, if you would've just put that song out regular and we would've heard it. Yeah. And it would've started its own conversation. But you had to, you said the whole, you had to tell if the song even exist, right? Is it a cry for help? Is it hip being vulnerable? But this is the thing, if, if you read the te the tweets, he said that he found the magazines and showed it to his cousin and then started doing it on his cousin. Him And his cousin started reenacting what they saw in the magazine. Yeah. So is some of the fight that Kanye's having in his life is the fact that he doesn't know what he likes or what he's into.


Is that so of the fight? Oh, It looks like he knew exactly what he was into. But maybe I, you know, things changed. Emini here you come to different real. Yeah. You come to different realizations later on in life. You know, Maybe that's the hard part. And maybe that's what he's dealing with in life. He doesn't know Late penetration. Maybe That's the hard part. It could be. It could be. 'cause you know, the, the industry he feels might look at him this way, but he might really like That way. Yeah. Yeah. That, that, that may be true. Right? Who knows? I'm just,


Have you ever looked around at your crew and thought, man, these are my people. The ones who turn the smallest moments into memories you'll be talking about for years. The folks who show up when you need them and make your life so much better. Well now you can make those moments even sweeter because share a Coke is back. And this time it's all about celebrating friendships. Whether you're hanging out watching the game or just chopping it up, there's a Coke for everyone from Bestie and bro to classic names like David and Sarah. These special cans and bottles are made for your whole squad. So grab one, crack it open and toast to the people who make life worth celebrating. But don't wait. They won't be around forever. So grab one for everybody. Pop the top and keep the good vibes flowing next time you're making memories. Don't miss your chance to share a Coke with all your favorite people.


Hey, what Up y'all? It's DJ Envy. The first few months of 2025 have been quite a year. Work deadlines, group chats, you can't escape. And your weird cousin's latest overshare. It's a lot. But here's some good news. You don't have to bring that stress into your car. The all new Nissan Murano is your piece on wheels, thanks to its available features. Imagine sliding into the relaxing, massaging seats that feel like they were made to melt your tensions. Take in the skyline views that let sunlight pour in and watch as your day brightens. I have a special playlist that always gets me right. And with the Bows premium sound system, you too can vibe like your at your own private concert. Plus, with your 64 color personalized lighting option, you can set the mood any way you want. Be it romantic, chill, or in a straight up do not disturb mode. Let the Nissan Murano be your oasis in a chaotic world because sometimes the greatest rush isn't rushing at all. Drive the all new Nissan Murano today. Panoramic moon roof, ambient lighting, bows and massaging. Leather appointed seats are optional features.


Hey fam, if you like me, you're thinking about how to level up in your career. Maybe you're fresh outta college, just started in your field or even look at to switch things up and find your true calling. Whatever stage you're in, remember that this is your time to grow, to learn, and to build something that lasts. State Farm understands that early career development is key to long-term success. They've been a steady presence in our communities and they know that having the right support early on can make all the difference. State Farm is there to help you make smart moves and to help you get the coverage you need. We all know the journey to success is a marathon, not a sprint. It's about staying focused, staying grounded, and making sure you're protected every step of the way. Let's build our careers with confidence, knowing that State Farm is there to support us just like they've always been because like a good neighbor, State Farm is there. Find out more@stateforum.com.


The big guests continue on Las Culturist recess this week. It's the very funny Amy Poer, don't overthink it. They talk water. We did not drink water growing up. Water was not a thing. Parenting. You Got Teen boys. This Is like the black diamond of parenting And of course, I don't Think so. Honey Horror movies. Okay. Okay. Amy Poller is on LA's Culture. Ugh. The latest episode drops Wednesday. Listen to Las Culture Eastes on the iHeartRadio app or wherever you listen to podcasts.


Asking some, let's open up the phone lines. Let's discuss what? Nothing. 805 8 5 1 5. 'cause recently he said he wants to reenact the porn. Him Ray j Kim. And he said Kailin. Yeah. So he's Like, here's the thing. I hate that such a serious conversation is coming from Kanye West. Yeah. Because I'm sure that there is a lot of great conversation to be had around this. But we can't take him serious. You Can't take him serious. Everything he does comes off like a publicity stunt. Yeah. Let, let's open up the, unless see the tapes. I Don't wanna, I don't wanna see No tapes. Well, okay. 805 8 5 1 0 5. Well, let's discuss, let's have a grown conversation this Morning. I'm not mature enough for this conversation. I'm letting y'all know right now.


Let's try. It's The Breakfast Club. Good morning. The Breakfast Club. If y'all talking about it, you know, we talking about it. It's topic time. Call 805 8 5 1 0 5 1 to join into the discussion with The Breakfast Club. Morning everybody. It's DJ Envy. Jess. Hilarious. Charlamagne the guy. We are The Breakfast Club. If you're just joining us. We just did the latest with Lauren. And Lauren just reported that Kanye gave his male cousin fellatio. Oh my God. Kanye said this in a, a bunch of tweets and we're just asking what are we supposed to do with this information?


Yeah, I, that's what I said yesterday to myself. What am I supposed to do with this information If Kanye is fighting his sexuality? I hope he figures it out, but either go get help or leave us alone. Because I don't know what we're supposed to do with this type of information just on a random Monday. Honestly. Just tell the police, tell the police for all the back crime that he committed. Because honestly, but he Can't 'cause he did it to his cousin. Exactly. So he can't tell the police on himself. Let's Tell the po Well, we can tell the police, we can alert the authorities. He was out here. What is there to tell him? Forcing his cousin? I I, I don't, I don't, I don't know. He said he did it. That's Sexual assault. But he said he did it until he was 14. Yes. Right. So he did it. If both of them were the same age and they watching magazines and they start reenacting what they see in magazines.


He's giving the cousin Fellatio. Yes. So the cousin is the victim. I guess. Are they just was in it together? I don't know. Mm. Once again, I don't know what I'm supposed to do with this information. I don't even know why I'm, why are we, what, what are we, I feel like what Conversation is supposed to be had around this situation? I I don we have to alert Chicago pd. Yeah. Do wasn't on job. I, I don't know. I do know Kanye is, this is a cry for helping my opinion. It seems like he's fighting with other things. I don't know what that is. He needs Help. Imagine what the cousin in jail was fighting you. Right. We say that. We say he needs help, man. But the reality is it feels like everything Kanye West does is a publicity stuff. He Had help. That's the thing. That's right. How do we know he didn't have help? He was, he was offered help. You can't help a person who don't think nothing wrong with him.


And It feels like for the last few weeks he's been trying to be a victim. Victim and trying to, and trying and trying to play the victim card. Yes. And to me this just is like the, the latest scenario of that. Yep. Yeah. And everything just feels like a publicity stunt. It feels like he's, he's promoting this song. Like it just, I don't Know man. Like he, he wants to be the top of every conversation. You know what I'm saying? Then he's dropping music left and right. So we gotta keep in mind this is always his promotion style. Like to just pop out with some crazy ish Ah, I, I just think he needs help. And I, And I think that that cousin, he might, that cousin might not have wanted that out there either. Very, very much Think about it. 'cause he said, I showed my cousin at age six And I did it till I was 14.


That's a long time. Yeah. Eight Years of just gobbling. And that ain't even, that ain't even like a guess. Who like, you know, the family don't even gotta guess. They like, oh shoot, that killed the pregnant woman. That makes sense. Ain't know exactly who It's exactly who, that's what I'm saying. Crazy. I don't know if he want that out. I just, I just hope he's not battling with things that he doesn't know. Maybe this is where he wants to be. Maybe this is what he likes and he's been trying to do this for the industry And he's been trying to suppress the gay. Maybe. Yeah. I don't know. Hello. Who's this? This DD. What's up? Good morning. What's up D What's up D Talk To us. D what's Your thoughts? Kanye sucked you till you was 14 DI think he was always gay. Oh my god. Wait.


Yes. I think he was always gay and when he got married it was unlocked because he was around that environment and Wendy Williams said it first on her show long time ago. I remember that. I remember who she said it was with. He said it. I remember who she said he was with too. That designer. Oh no, that, yeah, that, no, that was from InTouch magazine. I remember that. I was thinking of another time though. Yeah, there was an InTouch magazine. Arto, the, it was, it was the, from Da Vinci. Right. One of them fat fancy brands. Chy. But what So, So wait, Vinci. I was like, what hell is that? Hella blank. Alright. But what, so when Wendy Williams, Ben told us that he was gay. Yes she did. Yes she did. Damn. But she got it from an InTouch Magazine article though. I remember that. Got it. Okay. Didn't know that. All right. Thank you.


Thank you. DI one of the magazines InTouch people was one of the magazine. Hello? Who's This? Hey, this is anonymous. Hey anonymous. Talk to us. I I don't Emini here. Don't think that it's, I think it's weird that Kanye's talking about it. I don't think it's weird to act. I don't like you take therapy. Yes. Therapists actually say it's kind of normal for kids to explore their sexual selves with their kids as kids. I think the only thing that's weird about it is that he's talked about it as a grown man. That's normally something that you take to your grade. You don't normally talk about it to People or you talk about it to your therapist. That's what I keep saying. Like, what are we supposed to do with this information? If, if if it's a cry for help, then Kanye needs to go get help until he does that. To me, all of this just seems like a publicity stuff.


Yeah. And to your point, what you said anonymous, like first was, you know, cousins do that or you know that, that's like a very common thing in households. Yeah. 'cause I remember me and my girl cousin, like we hung, but she looked like a little boy. So that's why I was like, Ooh, but Y'all just look like two, two little young stars. Well first of all, ain't no two No. I was very much G When I was little. Like Kanye in this cotton space. Y'all are crazy. Little young stu locking home don't play me. Yeah. Alright. But we ain't doing it for no eight years. I was running like three months and then she went back home. But I, I would love to hear from, from a therapist. 'cause is that a normal act that kids do? I Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. That kids, I never, Honestly, yes.


Yeah, it is. It's like when you're young, you're just exploring Emini here. I not like on the level that Kanye Yeah. Is talking about, But humping mixed explore with cousins and stuff like that. Yeah. Female Cousins. I don know about no male female cousins. Ain't that one ain't never happened. You see, I've never been a boy. So I don't really know what I would do with my male cousin, but me as a girl with my little girl, with my girl cousin, like when we was younger, you know what I'm saying? I'm like nine, she's like a 10 or 11 or whatever. And we just humped and it was like, mm. Not with the jeans on. So just go ahead. I'll try this when I'm like eight 14. And I do think about all the times we had the penthouse magazines and the Playboy magazines. All the guys was looking at 'em, but we didn't want each other.


We wanted what we was looking at in the max. Exactly. So I don't know what kind of magazines he was looking at. He might have been looking at some actual gay magazines. Oh, That's what he said. The magazines that he got off his mom's from His mom the, because Last week he said his mom was gay but he, y'all didn't care. You understand what I'm saying? Kanye? He said his mama was gay. Yes. I missed that. He tweets so much. That's My point. Kanye is just throwing all this stuff against the wall to see what sticks. Last week he said his mom was gay. Y'all didn't care. Oh. So this week he said I'm gay. So this is a continuation. I got it for my mom. Hello. Hello. I'm gay. You gotta shut up man. You know What? (800) 585-1051. Call us Up right now. If you just joining us Laura la reported that Kanye gave his male cousin Fellatio and his new song, he put out a bunch of tweets.


Let's discuss. It's The Breakfast Club. Good morning. It's topic time. Call 805 8 5 1 0 5 1 to join into the discussion with The Breakfast Club. Morning everybody. It's DJ Envy. Just hilarious. Charlemagne the guy. We are The Breakfast Club. If you're just joining us during the latest with Lauren, Lauren reported that Kanye gave his male cousin Fellatio. This is in Kanye's new song and a hosted tweet that Kanye put out a a day ago. So we're asking is, is it easy trying to be vulnerable? Do you believe him? And what are we supposed to do with this Information? I'm telling you man, everything he does seems like a publicity stunt. Last week he was saying his mom was gay.


This week he's saying he gay. You know, it was, he's always got a story. You know what Emini here, it's just like, so what am I, what am I supposed to do with this bit of information? What am I supposed to do? I Don, I don't know. We got Donna on the line. Donna, good morning. Good morning guys. Hey, how are you? Good Morning. What you thought about Kanye? So My comment, yeah, so my comment is just in support of Kanye, whether it's true or not, I look at it like this. This is a topic that we don't talk about often in our communities around The World. And it happens. It happens. And it's almost like when people are children and they get abused or they get exposed to certain things, they have to carry that and it affects their mental health and their adult life.


So I really do believe that this is a true story. Maybe he's, maybe he's correlating his, his his cousin killing someone because of possibly what him and Kanye did as a child. Like you never know how that's gonna affect you in your adult life. Oh, Oh, he he said, he said that in the tweet him, he said that in the tweet. In the tweet. He said he feel like it was his fault for I think he said exposing his his his cousin to that. Yeah. Yeah. That's probably what he Right. So I think people that have never gone through those things as a child, they're gonna look at it like if's a taboo's subject. If we don't give it enough conversations and we don't give people enough grace to just be able to speak their truth, no matter if they should have known better or not and just live in that truth.


So I just wanna say my love to Kanye And I appreciate him for peeling, peeling this wound back for a lot of people. Because a lot of people are gonna be able to, to relate to this. No, no, no. They not. Ain't gonna be, ain't nobody else. I'm telling you, people are not gonna start coming out. I'm not in that aspect for Charlemagne. You gotta listen to me. Yes ma'am. You probably never experienced that. But I know it from personal experience. Family, friends, there are a lot of children that go through trauma and they hold it and they hide it because they believe they should have known better. Oh you a child. Oh I was getting mole. Listen, I was getting molested when I was eight that I was getting molested when I was eight by a 20-year-old woman. So you know. Right. But see, you dealt with it differently.


Everybody is not as strong as you. Everybody wasn't able to put it, put it away or put it to rest or say it wasn't their fault. I'm with you Still living with that. Afraid to speak it. I'm with you. Like I said earlier, this is a topic that we should be discussing. I just can't take it serious 'cause it's coming from Kanye. Every week is something with Kanye. It, that's all. It's a, everything seems like a publicity nut. And then he just had an interview. Why not go like you just met with academics fat ass. Why? Why didn't you just let all this out during an interview? Like he had so many other times to tell us this While you wearing the black KKK outfit, outfit. You know what I'm saying? Once again, shout ridiculous. He be all the symbolism. Yeah. Like Yeah, the black KKK outfit on one week. Next week you telling us that your deceased mother is gay Right now You saying that you peanut like, it's like, come on man.


It's crazy. I don't take nothing. You say serious. Hello? Who's this? This is Anthony in Detroit. What's up Anthony? Talk to us. What's your thoughts? Look for when he was in the closet and then came out the closet. And if Charlemagne wanna know what to do with this information, we need to process it to put him in the box. He a pedophile, he a predator. Well, he, he was young too. So they were, they were both, they were both young. So, so age don't, age can't change you. Not from being a predator. No. Emini here. A, a therapist would say that a a younger kid is trying to find themselves and touching themselves and all that other stuff. It's not like he was way older than his cousin. So I can't say he was A, I don't, I don't know how old he was, but age. But, but he, how is he a, how is he a predator?


I'm trying to figure out the predator angle. I'm, because He went in the closet, found the material, coerced his cousin, and then he forced his mouth on somebody. God damn. Okay. Okay. Alright. Well if you look at it from a legal standpoint, All right. That's wild. He forced his mouth on somebody. Yeah. We don't know if it was forced brother. For eight, for eight years. Yeah, We, Yeah, for eight years. Well, obviously your mouth don't open without you using your lower jaw ball. Okay, sir. What Happened? Now's going on, sir. Goodbye. See, there's a problem. There's a problem with breakfast club as a, as a crew. The listeners, everybody wanna be funny. Yes, exactly. So I'm thinking we having a serious conversation.


He talking about the mouth to open. What? Everybody wanna always laugh. What's the, what's the, that's the problem. What's The moral of the story? The moral of the story. Kanye Need to get help. That's it. Just get help. Whatever. I agree with all that. Kanye should get help, but until he does that, everything I see him do just seems like a publicity stunt. Jess just brought up the interview with academics. I had forgot about that. Think about how he does so much crazy stuff. Yeah. I literally forgot he was standing there in a black KKK outfit talking to academics. That's right. The last two things I remember is him saying his mother was gay last week. Yeah. Which I was like, what am I supposed to do with this information? Right. Exactly. And then this week it's, I, my cousin cousin's penis till I was 14. What am I supposed to do with this information? Kanye? Crazy.


Like, All right, well we got the latest with Lauren coming up and no, we're not playing through the y we're not gonna play Kanye through the y get Another song. We're not, we never, we're not playing Kanye At all. Worst time in his life. Couldn't suck. No. Through The, it's The Breakfast Club. Good morning. The Breakfast Club Saturday is the third annual Black Effect podcast festival. Oh, it's Saturday. Yes. This Saturday happening in Atlanta, Georgia at Pullman Yards. Man, SLU to everybody who's already gotten their tickets. We'll see you this Saturday. Saturday. Jakes Robinson is gonna be on that podcast stage tanking Jay Valentine. And over the little break that we took, we added Cam Newton with his funky Fridays dope podcast.


He'll be doing that live on stage this Saturday. So go get your tickets, black effect.com/podcast Festival. Lauren will be here in a second. She's actually doing research. She's actually on the phone with somebody. I'm sure she'll break it when she comes here. She says she On the phone with us. I Ain't wanna say it. Let her say it when she come here. Oh, I think she on the toilet personally, but you know she Is not. That would be me crazy. She fixing a wig If I wasn't in here right now. She ain't even wearing a wig today. Yes she Is. Yes she Is. She is. Yes. Oh, I ain't all them inches. You know damn well come. Ain't that is wig. Yeah, I'm gonna be Well, I'm glad you didn't pay any attention, please. We not about to start inches break off like that. I'm, I'm gonna be in Atlanta next week too. I'm gonna be, I do my tequila. They're doing like a big tequila fest out there. I'm gonna be DJing and then I got a bunch of press with the wife out there, so we'll be out there.


Now you Mexican Tequila. So crazy tequila and then de May coming. So now de may come Now you doing tequila? It's a tequila fest. Like it is a tequila. Forget crazy. Why you Guys gonna switch the music that fast? Oh my God. Come on Lauren. Lauren, you got a segment to do. Hit Lauren's intro please. Lauren From somebody that know Somebody, she gets the details. I'm a home girl that knows a little bit about everything. She'd be having the latest on. Good Lord. The latest with Lauren la Sometimes she have facts, sometimes she have details. Sometimes she have a little bit of everything. What's the latest on The Breakfast Club?


Talk to me. Talk To me. Who was you talking to, Lauren? Break it Down. All right. So I just hung up the phone with a legal representative for Shannon Sharp who wanted to make some things clear. Are you fast? Yeah. Yeah. She, there's gonna be a lot more. But from what I was able to gather in the, in the short time that we spoke, they wanna make it very clear that they are stating that Tony Busby is lying in the information that Tony Busby shot me about the video. And they, what they're saying is that Tony Busby is making it seem like when he speaks to me, that they were offered this ability to see this video in full when they asked. 'cause they did ask, Hey, let us see the video because we wanna make sure it's not altered. But they said that never happened. He denied them the ability to see the video in full. And from what they were told from their client, Shannon Sharp, the video that they did see was an altered video.


And the reason why they wanted to see it was because they, of course, they know from what they're being told. There's another version of this video. I'm also told what the mediation there was, what Is the video is showing? Is it showing a quote unquote rape or force? In the statement that Shannon released, he said that there's a video that show consensual sexual acts where he's doing things that she requested be done. Like, I don't know if it's like a role play situation or whatever the case may be, but it was all consensual. But it's edited to look a completely different way, allegedly, according to Shannon, like it's rape. Right. And Tony Busby is saying that is not true. We showed them the full video. Matter of fact, Tony Busby said specifically to me in the email that, to Shannon Sharp did not wanna see the video, he just wanted to throw money at the problem. Shannon Sharp's team is saying that did not go down that way.


There were conversations about millions of dollars, but that came from their side and they feel like it was a shakedown and that's why they walked away. I will have some more information once I get back on the phone, but I I, I literally came in here hanging it up. But they're very adamant. They reached Out to you. I reached out to them and you gave me a call because they're very adamant about, of course they wanted to pick, you know, their side of things and tell what they believe is their truth. So we'll have more on that. I'm pretty sure. 'cause the attorneys have a lot to, to say. All I know is this is a messy situation And I wish Shannon didn't get himself in this situation. But once again, if you 54 dating a 20-year-old, come on man. And that person is saying things to you like, I wanna put, I want you to put a big black baby in me And I want your baby gravy.


Shannon, you not green. You supposed to run from that. You not a you not green. Is the woman white? Do we know if the woman is white or she's Latino or what? We don't Know that. I haven't confirmed that, but IIII can, but I, I just assumed by the conversation that she wasn't a black woman. But I will confirm that and I'll let y'all, are we able to say her name? Do we can say her name? Can we play with race? We can't even pronounce It. Yeah, I was about to say. I just dunno how to pronounce it. Let me Say it. Let me, lemme see. Please, Please. Okay, Jess. That's what I'm here for. Okay, Jess. No. Okay, Let Me say we doing this or no, what do mean? Because I Know it's g it begins with a G You know what, let's, let's let Jess try to Here. Okay. Pronounce it here. The lawsuit Filed by it's a third grass. Do, do do Gabriela Zuniga.


Ooh. Why you call her a z   Ain't even her you. I'm saying No I didn't. Alright. What the hell is she, she's not advocate. Right. Probably one of her tweets to Shannon. Not one of her text to Shannon. I want you zoo nigga. Put all of that in me. Jesus. All of that in Me. What else we got? It's a lot of stuff happening today with like actual sexual assault allegations. Oh God. Drusky is, it's in his drusky is coming out swinging. Not even him specifically, but there has been things that have been revealed. Now there's a reporter, her name is Megan Kif.


Megan Kif posted some bank records over the weekend of Drusky from Drusky from the time that, remember that woman was alleging that Druke? Yeah. Odell Beckham Jr. Yes. And Diddy had this whole thing and she was sexually assaulted. Basically the records that she, she, that she posted showed that Drusky was broke. Broke during the time that this would've happened. This was back in 2018. His bank account And I balance on April 9th, 2018 was 91 cents. And, and the point that they, that bank and K is making here is that he wouldn't have been this rich celebrity hanging around. He Wasn't even on Exactly. He wasn't even around. Like we all, we knew that was ka when we heard it. And, and in these records that she obtained, they also show that, you know, there's these phone records that are duskys and the phone records.


I've actually seen the phone records myself. They go back to March 19th of that year and they, all of the phone calls are coming from Duluth, Georgia. Atlanta, Georgia. So it would've, and, and, and some of these date back to the exact time of the accusations. So It shows he wouldn't have been in Florida or ca when this thing happened. He wasn't even on Yeah. Drew Key wasn't even a figure yet. They had to put him, they ain't had to put his his 91 cents in there. They could have like scratched that out. Like come on Megan, They some stuff a little bit. But if you fight for your life, show the 91 cents. He is not Fighting for his life. Nobody believe that story about No, no, no. People didn't believe it. But I think that, you know, we dke got a lot of brands innocence that he does.


You know what Emini here, he want them to know what's up. But yeah, so the, the phone calls that I was able to see, it's like 16 phone calls and on March 23rd, 2018, that's when that some of these phone calls were made. That's the same day that the lawsuit says that he would've been with Diddy, Odell Beckham Jr. Allegedly raping a woman in a party in California. Now That young lady should have to go to jail. If you lie on somebody blatantly like that and it's proven that you lied just to get financial gain, you should have to go to jail. Lock Her zoo nigga ass up. Yes. It's not the same person, but we get what you're saying. Yeah. So there was an amended complaint filed. So you know, that should clear up things for him as well. Still has to go to the court, the court, which sucks, but pay attorneys and all that. But it sucks. Yeah. That keep all of that.


They should lock our ass up. Yeah, well thank you. That is the latest with Lauren. Lauren's about to go, go back out, get on the phone. Look at her. Look at her. She look, she's excited. Look at Lord Lauren's excited. I know this stuff grinds her gears gets her going. Grinds her gears. Yeah. So get You going. Oh My, Try to get at me at first. Like he was, he was mad, right? Because I Think he was listening this morning. No, no, no. Not that. I think it's just they've gotten a lot of phone calls and a lot of people taking things outta context because of how sensationalized everything can be because it's Shannon Sharp. So he instantly was like on defense And I was like, whoa, whoa, whoa. I'm just Trying to get the phone like girl, what I'm trying to get right. Trying to get both sides here. He was like, I appreciate that. So, Okay. I just want older men. You know the the, when you, when you get to a certain age, trust me man. Discipline and stability is everything. Having a family is everything.


You know what I'm saying? Having a wife, having kids like that keeps you out of a lot of situations. I'm with you like this. What age should that start at? Very early. I'm with you. The the earlier the better. I'm with you. The earlier the better. Let them Know I'm with you. Alright, well look at you up next. We my mix of people's choice Mix. It's The Breakfast Club. Good morning y'all. Morning it's DJ Envy Jess. Hilarious. Charlemagne the guy. We are The Breakfast Club. Ah, back, back, back in the building. Happy Easter to you and yours. Hopefully you had a great spring break. I know some people are on spring break this week. So just enjoy it. Lemme salute to American Dream. I brought my kids to the American Dream. All had a great time. You know what I seen there? I seen Russell Wilson. Nice. Yeah, my daughter went to school yesterday was like I told everybody I met the quarterback for the New York Yankees, Russell Wilson.


Oh. Oh he played Yankees. She was all over the place. I was like baby, I said I just sit never mind. I said don't worry about it because He plays for the Giants now. He Plays for the Giants now. Yeah. Yo, she is so cute. Yo. She was like, I told everybody I met the quarterback for the New York Yankee 'cause I'm like babe, that's Russell Wilson ain't took one snap of the Giants and already he ain't got nothing to do except for walking around the goddamn it's Preseason ain Damn working. And it was Easter About it was he had his kids out Emini here. Oh my god. I admire my kids out. Poor Russell man. Exactly. You made a lot of money. You married to a beautiful woman, you got a great family. You don't have to play for the Giants. Don't do it to yourself. He's good. This is so messed up. Ru Russ, you good? This is not how you want to end it all. It's Good Russell. So salute to Russell Sierra was there. I also seeing Queen Latifah, she was there too. Oh nice.


For real. Damn they was all walking together. No, no, no, no. Everybody's walking separately with their families and everything. That is What's up man. I took the wrong weekend to be in Baltimore City. It Was a good, a good time then. Kids enjoyed it. But I had a great time at the American Dream. So salutes everybody. Outdoor. That's what's up. And then Mother's Day I will be in Detroit at the one Mike Comedy Club. I got three shows. So I'm doing, that's my guest. An 11:00 AM Yep. Mike Guest Comedy Club. Yep. I'm gonna be there in Detroit May 10th. So the first show is an 11:00 AM brunch that I'm doing. And then I have two shows. So it's three shows in one day. Y'all get y'all tickets. Jess official.com The the second. Alright so the first show is an 11:00 AM brunch. The second show is the 7:00 PM show. And then the late night show is the nine 30 show.


Get your tickets@jessofficial.com or one Mike Comedy Club. Get y'all tickets. I will see you in a few weeks. Detroit. It's a dope, dope, dope spot too. Yeah, they got an upstairs downstairs. Really big food is amazing. So salute to Mike eps Epstein. The food Is amazing. Your food is dope. Okay, good. 'cause I don't really be eating at these comedy clubs, but yeah. Okay, that's what's up. Food is good. Now it's time to get up outta here. Charlamagne, you got a positive note? I do. But I want to tell everybody that's listening to us in Atlanta on 96 1 to beat and not just Atlanta man all over the country. Can't wait to see you this Saturday at the third annual Black Effect Podcast Festival happening this Saturday, April 26th at Pullman Yards in Atlanta. Some of your favorite podcasts gonna be on that stage. Ka Champion will be there with the Naked podcast.


Sarah Jakes s will be there doing her Woman of Ball podcast tanking. Jay Valentine will be doing the RB Money podcast live and we just added Cam Newton doing his Funky Fridays podcast. So go get your tickets, black effect.com/podcast Festival and we'll see you Saturday. And the positive note is simple. The only way to impress me is by being a good person. I don't care what you have, what you wear, where you live or what you drive. I just have deep respect for people with pure hearts and good intentions. Have a great day Breakfast Club Bitches. You, y'all Finish or y'all done.


The best moments happen when you're with your people laughing, vibing, just enjoying life. Coke is making those moments even sweeter. Share a Coke is back and it's all about sharing with the whole crew. Doesn't matter if it's your bestie or bro, there's a can with their name on it. So grab one for the squad and make some memories. But hurry, because these Coca-Cola Limited edition bottles and cans won't be here forever. Don't miss your chance to share a Coke with your favorite people.


The big guests continue on Las Cultist this week. It's the very funny Amy Poer, don't overthink it. They talk water. We did not drink water growing up. Water was not a thing. Parenting. You Got Teen Boys. This is like the black diamond of Parenting. And of course, I don't Think so. Honey Horror Movies. Okay. Okay. Amy Poer is on LA's Culture. Ugh, The latest episode drops Wednesday. Listen to Last Culture Eastes on the iHeartRadio app or wherever you listen to podcasts.


Peace to the Planet. I go by the name of Charlemagne tha God. And guess what? I can't wait to see y'all at the third annual Black Effect Podcast Festival. That's right. We're coming back to Atlanta, Georgia Saturday, April 26th at Pollman Yards. And it's hosted by none other than Decisions. Decisions. Mandy B and Wheezy. Okay, we got the r and b Money podcast with Tank and Jay Valentine. We got the Woman of All podcast with Sarah Jake Roberts, the Funky Friday podcast with Cam Newton, the Naked of Sports podcast with Carrie Champion, good Moms Bad Choices podcast, the Trap Nerd podcast and many more will be on that stage live. And of course it's bigger than podcast. We're bringing the black effect marketplace with black-owned businesses plus the food truck court to keep you fed while you visit us. All right, listen, you don't want to miss this. Tap in and grab your tickets now at black effect.com/podcast Festival. Proudly sponsored by Nissan


Yo Kpop fans. Are you ready? It's your boy Bohan and I'm bringing you the K factor, the podcast that takes you straight into the heart of K-Pop. We're talking music idols, exclusive interviews, and even the real behind the scenes K-pop stories, plus you, the fans, you're part of the show and you can get a chance to jump in, share your opinions, and be part of the conversation like never before. And trust me, you never know where we might pop up next. So listen to the KF Factors starting on April 16 on iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts. This isn't just a podcast, it's a K-pop experience. Are you in? Let's go. Let's go. Go. Go.