
The holidays are about spending time with your loved ones and creating magical memories that will last a lifetime. So whether it's family and friends you haven't seen in a while, or those who you see all the time, share holiday magic this season with an ice cold Coca-Cola. Copyright 2024. The Coca-Cola Company


Life is an act of constant reinvention that's true for you and for cause. Nissan Reimagined the all new kicks around you. The Bowles Personal plus sound system with speakers in the headrest keeps you in the groove while the Nissan Safety Shield 360 technologies keep you safe. If Nissan invented the kicks, you can reinvent yourself. Drive the all new Reimagined Nissan Kicks today. Available Features compatible device service and consumer activation of Nissan Connect Services. Package required. Use only when safe and legal subject to third party service availability. For more information, see Nissan usa.com/connect/legal. Apple CarPlay is a trademark of Apple Link. Intelligent all wheel drive cannot prevent collisions or provide enhanced traction in all conditions. Always monitor traffic and weather conditions.


You are ready for a comeback. And with Purdue Global you can do more than take classes. You can take charge of your story, of your career, of your life, earn a degree you can be proud of, and get an education employer's respect. It's time, your time, not just to go back to school, but to come back and move forward with Purdue Global Purdue's Online University for working adults. Start your comeback@purdueglobal.edu.


You could sit there and listen to ads or you could take a moment to have a Diet Coke break. First, grab a chill diet Coke. 'cause if you want it to be perfect, it needs to be crispy. Next, get a big cup of ice. 'cause everyone knows Diet Coke is best served swimming and ice. Then sip it slowly. Feel that burn and enjoy your break for as long as possible. When you need a break, don't forget to grab an ice cold Diet Coke and take a Diet Coke. Break This Christmas.


So you're Her, right? You're the boxer. Experience the incredible true story. As Long as I'm boxing, I'm gonna be okay. A Claressa Shields My baby. Going to the living. Let's go. Critics Are calling the fire inside and inspirational. Knock out crowd pleaser. If I've been trained for this gold medal, I'm gonna need exactly what the man gets. It's a monumental achievement. I've been Working My whole life for This. The fire inside. Based on the incredible true story rated PG 13 may be inappropriate for children under 13 only theaters everywhere. Christmas Day. Good morning. You SA yo yo yo yo yo Yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo Yo yo, yo yo. Good morning. Just hilarious. Good morning. How you doing? Good. Charlemagne the guy.


Peace to the planet. It is Tuesday. How y'all feel out there? I feel blessed Black and highly favored. Happy to be here. Another day to serve our beautiful listeners. The countdown is on baby. That is right. Okay. Countdown is on to the holiday vacation. Eight days. Eight days. Eight eight days. We got no eight days to Christmas. So Christmas babe. Calm down. Two more days, More days until Christmas. Y'all. 2, 2, 2 days. We outta here. That's What I'm Saying. I gotta say good morning to my wife. I woke up this morning and my wife was cooking this morning. Crazy 5:00 AM She was cooking Esko lobster tails. Es excavate Red Snapper Festival. Sweet plantains. What the hell? Vegetables. It's a, a way of cooking a food, I guess is, I think it's Caribbean.


Absolutely. It's a bunch of peppers. Like it's mixed peppers and it's so good. Yeah. She sent up a plate for Lauren and Jess. Hilarious. And she was like, make sure they try it, make sure they have it this morning. 'cause You know, Lauren just eat whatever they want in the morning. They young Big backs period. Yep, yep. She said Yep, yep. And with some Jamaican Cola. So she was excited. So she was like, Jess her love. You should have definitely bought me the the red snap. I never had red snapper before. Never had red snapper. Nope. But the lobster was very good. Oh, thank So I know. The red snapper is popping. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. So what's Luta? Viche? Yeah. No Kovich. It's Es Vic Designed a lobster. That sound like a designer lobster esco. It does, It does. I was surprised it was up at 5:00 AM still cooking. It was like they, they made plates with nice Tupperware.


It wasn't the, the paper plate Plates. I know you, that's why I said I'm keeping this one. Thank you again. What was the cooking for though? You know, my wife has a cooking show. She does a, a cooking show, so. Oh, got you. Got you got. She was preparing everything and she was cooking last night and they were up early in the morning cooking. So it was, it was great for me. I didn't get a chance to try yet, but when I get home, I'm gonna dive in. It's Going to be It. And also Congrat to Snoop. That's what they say at Free Off. I'm gonna dive in. What Is that? All your mind all the time just caught The show. Yeah, that's right. I was listening to, I, I drove in listening to 50 cent on Flagrant though, so You know, it's all my brain heavy. Oh. And also Snoop Dogg and Larry Jackson wanted me to, to give you that. They sent me one and sent you what is called Love Child. So Snoop has, Oh my name is in It. This new jewelry line that he's putting out.


And they were telling me that the jewelry line is actually doing better than a lot of the recordings and records and, and you better Grab that diamond type. Pull out my diamond test. I don There's no diamonds on it. It's just gold. But you got diamonds on yours. There wasn't no diamonds on mine. You just can I do got diamonds on mine. Oh, okay. I'm about to check it right now. Damn. We mine ain. What's wrong with you? Soon as this thing warm up, what's wrong with you? Because it's Christmas salute Snoop. But I wanna make sure, see if they're sending out real gifts. Yeah. Especially Larry Jackson. All that money he done made at Apple. Yeah. So, and now he got Gamma going. Yeah. So they said, I wanna see, they said Love Child is his new and it's doing pretty well. They said it's in Forbes. They said it's, it's selling like hot cakes. So he just wanted to send it up here to us. Fake jury ain't Always it All money Larry Jackson made from That.


For real. If you gonna make all that money and send such a beautiful presentation, I wanna make sure that the jury is real. Why would you ever send me costume jewelry? What Is wrong with you man? Lemme just test it so I can sell it. My girl, his Woman ain't about to buy you no real peace. So why would you send somebody something fake? Exactly. That don't make good. Is It? He's really testing it. Oh No, it's just, hold on, I'm warming it up. Oh my Goodness. I'm having by next break. Well, Paul Wall Will be joining us this morning. Now he know a thing or two about Real Jewelry. Absolutely. That's right. His new album, once Upon a Grind is out right now. We gonna be kicking it with Paul Wall. But when we come back, we got Front page News more gonna be filling us with everything that's going down. So don't move. It's The Breakfast Club. Good morning. I can get a couple dollars for this ring that Snoop sent. What you mean?


Because I got the diamond tester on it and some of 'em real and some of 'em fake. Well, it is. I think it's more for that's Real. That's what I'm saying. Some of 'em, I'm going by each Individual. It's gift. If you can't give it away, Who can't give it away? I ain't say I'm gonna give it away. I said I'm gonna sell it. Hey, yeah. Morning everybody. We are The Breakfast Club. Let's get in some front page news. Now. I'm Monday Night Football. The Falcons beat the Raiders last night. 15 nine in the Vikings beat the Bears. 30 to 12. Good morning Morgan. Good morning. Good morning. Happy Tuesday to you. NB Charlemagne and Jess. Hilarious. How y'all feeling please, Morgan? Good, good. Okay, so listen y'all, it's tragic news to report out of Madison, Wisconsin.


Police and Madison say three people are dead and several are wounded. After a shooting at a K through 12 Christian school, Madison Police Chief Sean F. Barnes as a teacher and student at Abundant Life, abundant Life Christian School were shot and killed by a teenage student. He says the shooter has been identified as a 15-year-old girl. Let's hear more from Madison Police Chief Sean Barnes on that incident. She was a student at the school and evidence suggests she died from a self-inflicted gunshot wound. The shooting happened inside a classroom in a study hall of students from mixed grades. A second grade student called 9 1 1 to report a shooting had occurred at school.


Six people, six people were wounded in the shooting. Two students are critical and one teacher and three students are recovering. Now two of the injured have been released from the hospital. Police say they're still working to determine a motive. Madison police chief Sean Barnes who spoke earlier, he went on to say they are investigating that motive and more needs to be done to prevent school shootings of this nature. Let's hear more from the Madison presser with police Chief Sean Barnes. Our detectives are working hard in an investigative process to find out as many answers as we can so that we can further prevent these things from happening. I think we can all agree that enough is enough and we have to come together to do everything we can to support our students to prevent press conferences like these from happening again and again and again.


Horrible. Lemme pull out the script. Lemme pull out the same script we use. Every time something like this happens, it's talk about it, it's tragic thoughts and prayers to the family sending healing energy to the families of the lives lost. Oh. And nothing is gonna change because these elected officials are owned by these gun lobbyists. Like it literally is the same story every single time. And it's so damn sad, man. And it's, it's like you said, the holidays are right here. But we hear this like you said, over and over and over again. Yeah. So the White House and President Biden has been briefed on the shooting. He issued a statement as well, calling for Congress to act on gun control now. And I saying it is an unacceptable that we're unable to protect our children from this scourge of gun violence.


Wisconsin Governor Tony ever evers called the shooting Heartbreaking. And he said the state will do what it can to support the students who survived. Many of Madison's local officials also offered their thoughts and prayers. Madison's Congressman Mark Pocan, however, he said thoughts and prayers are not enough. To your point, Charlamagne, he said he's angry with Republicans in Congress for not doing more to control guns. Vice President Kamala Harris also released a statement saying, there is more work to be done to ensure that every person has the freedom to live safe from the horror of gun violence. Congress and state legislatures must make background checks universal pass red flag and safe storage laws and ban assault weapons.


Again, we're not necessarily sure what's happening or, or what type of weapon was used outside of the fact that it was a gun, but of course I will keep you guys posted as this story develops. But again, very tragic story out of Madison, Wisconsin. Yeah, There'll, there'll never be any common sense gun legislation because the elected officials are owned by these gun lobbyists and also man gun violence conversations. They can't just happen from these elected officials when mass shootings at schools happen. We need to have these convos too when CEOs are being gunned down in the middle of Manhattan as well. Like, You know, why would those, those, those same conversations have to happen all the time. Yeah, absolutely. Looks like we're running out of time a little bit in this segment, but just to switch gears really quickly, the Federal Reserve is set to begin its two day policy meeting today.


The Fed is widely expected to cut interest rates once again when it announces its decision on Wednesday. It will be the third rate and final rate cut of the year with most economists expecting a quarter percentage point reduction. The federal funds rate, which is the interest rate banks charge each other for short term loans, is currently four and a half percent at seven. We are gonna talk more about, what are we gonna talk more about? Oh, the drone sightings. Oh Lord. A lot has. We've got a lot to say more about these drone sightings. I know you guys talked to Pete Buttigieg yesterday about it, but yeah, the conversation continues about the drones. So we'll talk more at Seven. Thank you Morgan. We'll see you next hour. Everybody else get it off your chest.


805 8 5 1 0 5 1 if you need to vent, phone lines are wide open again. (800) 585-1051. Call us up right now. It's The Breakfast Club. Good morning. The Breakfast Club. I'm telling, I'm telling. Hey, what doing man? I'm call calling. Yo. This is your time to get it off your chest. Whether you're mad or blessed. 5 8 5 1 0 5 1. We want to hear from you on The Breakfast Club. Hello? Who's this? Oh my goodness. What's my envy? What's up Trav? Oh, I'm so happy. I'm so happy this morning. What's going on Jeff? Lauren? What's up babe? Lauren? Not ahead. I'm doing okay.


No, look at it because listen, she be getting a little upset with me when I be accidentally calling her Jeff. Hey. Yeah. So I have to now to say both. I say both. What's up Shar? Peace young Lucia Cheeks. Oh, You know he excited. How you doing sis? How? I'm sure he went to go see j Cole last night. Yeah, I know Charlamagne was in there. You know mean number one fan in there rooming for Jermaine Lamar Cole drop winner cruise bombs for the greatest rapper alive. That Still, that's not true out Here. So Charlamagne mind your business I talking to you this morning. He's one of them. Am I talking to you? This? He's not the greatest alive. That would be Kendrick Lamar. You Better. I ain't heard him yet. Kendrick Lamar. Stop the live. But listen, I don wanna talk about a amazing stream that happened last night.


I wish I could have been there, but You know, unfortunately I don I don't even have my car right now. My car got, did I tell you my car got hit In the back? Yeah. Yes. Actually Didn't hurt. I bet you that much Bet you took it like a champ. I I wasn't in the car. Thank you very much. Charlemagne. Okay, But no j Cole. That's, y'all know it's my favorite artist. I wish I could been there last night, but I'm trying to go to Dreamville. This is the last one for every me and you going together. We going together. Yep. We going together. I I think I'm gonna go this year. I think This's gonna be my first one. I, I've never been so I said I wanna go before they ended so I, I'm definitely going Al we'll be there. You Know what that mean? Hey Solu to my guy Rob Markman too. Rob Markman said he, he said said j Cole bowed out the beef but still ended up in second place this year.


Oh man, yo. You know It's true though. Yes. That hilarious. What I'm gonna text you because next year 2025 we gonna do what? Charlemagne got me all hyped for last March. What's That? Don't tell nobody Trav. We just gonna pop out. I ain't tell nobody I Pop out with you. I'm gonna take you Jeff. Okay. Bye. Goodbye. Y'all gonna pop out like you sh you were shit him pregnant. Which one? Hello? Who's this? It's Alex from Ohio. Hey, what's up brother? Get it off your chest man. I just kind of wanna spread some positivity this morning man. The call y'all earlier this year when me and my girl kind of split up and they all, it didn't work out but I ended up losing my place and was borderline losing my car too.


Sleeping on my mom's couch. But instead of feeling sorry for myself, I really started working twice as hard And I was able to get better things. A new crib, new car, got primary custody of my kids and everything's just looking up now. And I did it all within six months. All I hear is God. I wanna say man, no matter yes man, it is all 'cause of God man. And I just want to just say instead of feeling sorry for yourself man, if you down down you, no matter what administration is in office, you can get yourself out of it. Look at God. That's Right. Well have a happy holiday bro. That's all man. I'm happy it worked out for you. Happy holiday to y'all too. Thank you. Thank you. I love stories like that. Get it off your chest.


805 8 5 1 0 5 1. If you need to vent, hit us up now. It's The Breakfast Club. Good morning. The Breakfast Club. This is your time to get it off your chest. Whether you're mad or blessed. So please. But have the same energy We wanna hear from you on The Breakfast Club. Hello. Who's this? Monet. Hey Monet. Good morning. Good morning. I just had to call and get this off my chest. I don't know if y'all have had this happen at your house, but the elf on the shelf has been coming to my house for a few years now And I'm just wondering at what age does he stop coming? Well I got, I got a, I got a A, my oldest is 16 but then I got a 9-year-old, a 6-year-old and a 3-year-old.


So I, I have no idea. My wife definitely got the ELFS on the shelf all over the place. Go move the elfs. You Know what? Well I think, I think at this point we need an extra wife because this wife move the el I, I'd just be trying to figure out where my wife be finding new places to Thank you Monet, to put the elf Monet. You just saved me Monet because the elfs forgot to move last night. So thank you for that, that that, You know, reminding me that the elves had to move. 'cause I definitely forgot And I think the elves might have slept and forgot. Well see they didn't forget today. I'm on my way to work. I'm a flight attendant and for some reason they're on the way to work with me And I don't understand how they got in my car. Wow. You know damn well how they got in your car now I'm gonna use that one. Come on. That's even, I Don Dunno what happened.


You got a husband? Yes. Okay, so clearly you, your husband is playing the other on the shelf game. Don't you Make me, don't make me think that You think those elfs really moving around now They do. Stop it. I don't know what you're talking about, but thank you DJ Envy. They be moving. They be moving. Are you in the car with your kid now? When your children in the Car? No, he's still in bed. They're about to get ready for work and school. I have to be the, to the airport earlier than they gotta get up. So Are there any ELs at the house? Nope. So you gonna take a picture of him and say your your elves decided to fly with you. Don't Worry. She's gonna see the video later That There you go. All right. I'm not mad at you. Yeah, so my ELs my ELs about to be happy the Holidays You enjoy, make sure them kids love it 'cause that that keeps them kids quiet and keep 'em good as long as you say the elves is watching and, and and report 'em back to Santa.


Them kids do anything. Oh yeah. Don't cut up at school 'cause they won't be here tomorrow. That's right. See my kids don't believe that my kid. Alright, happy holidays. I try. I tried out with my kids. My kids be like, okay dad, we know Santa is you and mom cut It out. Yeah, my Son, I don like they they don't even play that game. No man, they play along 'cause they like it. They'll play with the el on the shelf and all that and like if the two fairy come in, in quotation marks, they'll play along with us because they know we the dumb ass adults who still like that type of stuff. Hey yo. That's the truth By humbug over There. Yeah we think, we think we tricking the kids. The kids is like, okay let let mom and dad play. You know what I mean? Well it is, it is. It is real and salute to all the Ls on the shelf that's doing a lot of work.


They got a lot of work. There's a lot of kids to watch and, And I appreciate the elves on the shelf and sand and all that other stuff. The crazy part is if you ever woke up in the middle of the night and saw them ELs moving by they self, you shoot 'em crazy. You know y shooting the drones. Hey Yo, drones is not the elves, the drones ain't in my house. I thought Id shoot the fake Santa last night though 'cause I went downstairs 'cause You know the Christmas lights be flicking. My wife goes crazy for Christmas so the Christmas lights be flickering so they look like shadows. So I'm walking And I thought I saw shadow outside and then I look and then I saw something standing on the porch. Forgot it was that damn fake ass black Santa. And then you Looked up and you saw, heard it tubing on the wall Scared out. Oh my God. Get it off your chest. 805 8 5 1 0 5 1. Now we got just with the mess coming up. What we talking about? Lil Wayne say he cool with Kendrick.


Drake gonna sue him next. Damn Man we gonna get into it. All right, we'll get into that. Next it The Breakfast Club. Good morning. The Breakfast Club Morning everybody. It's DJ J Envy. Just hilarious. Charlemagne the guy. We are The Breakfast Club. Let's get to just with the Mess. News is real hilarious. Just Robin Moore just don't do no lying. Don't she don't spell nobody Worldwide. Worldwide on The Breakfast Club. She's a culture shooter. She Was able to get y'all to see something and understand something that nobody could get you to see. It's time to set it door.


I'm right. So Lil Wayne recently did an interview with Skip Bayless on his show and during the conversation he spoke on Kendrick Lamar. Before we get into the audio, I just wanna remind you guys that things got a little shaky When Kendrick was announced that he was gonna be performing for the Super Bowl halftime and Wayne obviously felt slighted, but in reality that actually had nothing to do with Kendrick. He just thought that, You know, he would've been up to do the Super Bowl. And when Kendrick dropped his album, the song whacked out murals. He had a line in there where he did hint hint at Lil Wayne where he just said, used to bump the car to three. I helped my Rollie chain. Proud irony. I think my hard work Let Lil Wayne down then Wayne posted like he might, he may have taken that slightly Offensive, like he want a little smoke.


You know I'm a little smoke. Yeah, yeah. But this is what he said to skip Bayless. We got the audio. Yep. Oh you don't we Okay. It just came in. We got it now we got it. You Know, when we speaking obviously he can't control that, You know, so he didn't let me down. It ain't like he don't, it ain't like he can control it or, and also I've spoken to him And I wished him all the best and told him, you gotta kill it. You gotta kill it. Okay. Well did he say anything to enlighten you about these lyrics about you? I think my hard work Let Little Wayne down. I don't know exactly what that means. If, if he's sort of No, It, that was no explanation that that was needed for that. I think I understand that again, that was my first time hearing it when you just said it.


Okay, I understand. I understand those words. He, like I said, I think he just mean that he's, he made it there and he, his hard work is the reason why he made it there. Jesus, first of all, Wayne said that's his first time hearing that. That's a lie. I'm not gonna say it's a lie. I'm, that's a lie. Everybody don't be tuned into everything. Then why Would he tweet the time after that verse came out and it says, because Everybody was tweeting him acting like it was smoke. So he probably was reacting to what he saw on social media. I'm not saying that. I mean, I don't know either way. I mean definitely listen to that. But if he said he didn't, I can only take his word, but God dang it could, he could, could, could we stop Drake? Drake has suffered enough. Drake been out here fighting for his life all year. That's my, and hear Wayne go calling his number one op to congratulate him. He gonna see him now. It's the holiday season.


Just no Hanukkah's next week. Not right now Wayne. I know, but he had, he had to, he had to, he had to clear it up. What if Wayne hung up the phone with Kendrick, like, Hey, by the way, you was right. That was coning on the phone. Hey yo, yo. Like come on man. I Know, but he, I I'm happy. I'm happy that they cool. Ain't got no bad blood. No nothing like that. But what about Aubrey? What about Aubrey? Damn, he, he's so busy judging Drake contests in Toronto. Let him do that. Shoot. That's what he Wanted be What about, see but ah, Is it like, if that's your man Yeah. You call and and you make things good with with the op. Yeah. I mean That ain't just a, that's ain't just a little op. Like that's the Yeah, the op, well according to Drake, he's a little op, but yeah, he, he's he is the biggest S de op or, or maybe we think that's his man now.


Maybe that's not his man. Maybe we don't know these people relationships like that. So that's not his friend. We dunno. Maybe not. We will see Drake's friends. Drake Always, he's, he always tell on himself. So we'll see how he feels. He can't hide it. He won't be able to hide it. Drake Know got no friends outside of Toronto. That's why he been there. That's right. And he just paid $10,000 for an extra friend. That whole lookalike. The One who looked Like it. That was a friend contest. He was looking for a friend that was a no lookalike contest. One of y'all gonna be my friend. Period. Anyway, more Jamie Fox details. So yesterday we reported a Jamie Foxx got into an altercation that Mr. Chow and Beverly Hills during his birthday dinner. Now since we reported that more witnesses came out and revealed more details about it. Right. So apparently Jamie Fox, he was having a dinner with about 50 guests.


I didn't know that. Remember yesterday when, You know, it was like 50 people and he, his, his table was on the ground level of the restaurant. Upstairs in the VIP section there was a Christmas party going on and that was the production team of Jackass. Like, You know, Johnny Knoxville and all of them. That show still Around Jinx. No, I'm just kidding. Right? Show still Alone. I'm not sure, obviously if the, if the production team was having a Christmas party, obviously it is. Or maybe even coming back. Johnny and them weren't there. They're the main cast. They weren't there. It was just their production team and the production crew. They, they must have noticed Jamie like, oh, he here for his birthday. So they sent him a drink. Now Jamie don't drink. So, but, but he didn't refuse to drink. He took it. He just didn't, he didn't drink the drink.


Right. And when somebody was like, they, those are the people that sent you the drink. They had a laser and it was like a, a penis printed laser. Like, You know, one of them little beams like Penis projector pin. Yeah, yeah. A penis order than one last night. Soon as I heard the story Continue Jesus price, you probably, you probably been had a bunch of 'em around the house. Crazy. But they had it on his face and so he was offended by that. Like, yo, like, You know what I mean? Not in front of my kids. I mean it wasn't only his kids there, but his kids were there or whatever. So he was offended and so they, he got up, he went over there and it was like it was a problem. They started getting upset or whatever. So that's when the glass was thrown. Right, because he swelled up on him like, no, don't be putting no no penis on my face while I'm here with my family. You know what I mean?


So he swelled up and he got the glass thrown and he had to immediately leave to get stitches. 'cause obviously it was blood, but his team and the other table, they was, You know, going back and forth. So that's what happened. I understand why Jamie is upset, but that's hilarious. Okay. I saw that last night and definitely ordered a penis project a pin. If he comes in this week, great. If not for the New Year's Envy gonna have penis on his forehead. Every show. Yeah. Okay, I'm turning the lights off just to put the penis. I'm gonna throw a glass At you then I'm gonna throw a glass at you. The name of the actual production team is called Dick House Production team. So there you go. There you have that film that explains why they do things like that. Yes. They also have penis projector, pin bachelorette party favors and, and they have something, they have something called D lasers.


I can't say the word but it's D laser. D lasers. It's the gag gift for the century. Yo five projectable penises. Ugh. And then the restaurant cops, you be chargeable. We gotta get, we gotta get to this Jay-Z stuff. Yo. So we sent our very own Lauren LaRosa up to Rock Nation yesterday. She was on the floor. She was there. Did they have Food? Lauren They wasn't trying to feed. Had no food. They wasn't trying to feed it. It Was no. So it was like the brunch, no food, no food Was going bed to be nosy. They ain trying To feed. I've never been to the brunch, but they didn't have any food day. They have water for us. It was, it was a, it was very quick. So what happened? We got four minutes. Yeah. So when we got there, they went through a lot of the details that we've already talked about for who was, was there, Was over there, who Was there?


No, Jay-Z was not there. And we were speaking to his attorney and presented information by his attorney Alex Vera, who's been heading everything. And it was just like other media, like a few other outlets there. So some of the things that they broke down that I thought were really important were number one, they went back through the timeline again. And remember when we were talking about this the other day, NVU were like, there's no houses in Manhattan. That's what I Said. There's No White House. That was the biggest thing that they leaned in on. And I think that that's what they're gonna lean in on. If, if this isn't disman,


The World is constantly changing. It's up to you to decide how to respond. Choose to be bold to try something new. Choose to reinvent yourself. That's what Nissan did with the all new totally kicks the dynamic. New exterior styling immediately announces that Nissan isn't messing around the interior. A completely redesigned cabin with premium features like wireless Apple call play and a panoramic moonroof make driving a kicks immersive and exciting. And with new performance and safety features like intelligent all-wheel drive, the kicks is both fun and safer to drive than ever before. It is the dawning of a brand new era for the Nissan Kicks. Only one question remains. Is it a new era for you as well? Drive the all new reimagined Nissan Kicks today. Available Features compatible device service and consumer activation of Nissan Connect Services. Package required use only when safe and legal subject to third party service availability for more information. See Nissan usa.com/connect/legal Apple CarPlay is a trademark of Apple Link. Intelligent all-wheel drive cannot prevent collisions or provide enhanced traction in all conditions. Always monitor traffic and weather conditions.


The holidays are about Spending time with your loved ones and creating magical memories that will last a lifetime. So whether it's family and friends you haven't seen in a while or those who you see all the time, share holiday magic this season with an ice cold Coca-Cola. Copyright 2024, the Coca-Cola Company.


This is it your moment. This is your time to make your comeback with Purdue Global. When you come back with a Purdue Global degree, you create opportunity for yourself, your family, and your future. It's a degree you can be proud of, a degree that employers will trust and respect Purdue Global offers working adults like you. Over 175 flexible degree programs to meet your specific career goals. These include associate, bachelor's, masters, and doctoral degrees and certificates. Purdue global degree programs range from nursing to business to communication and more. Whatever your interests, we have the degree that will move you forward. You have the knowledge, you have the experience. Now it's time to get credit for the work you've done and earn the recognition you deserve with Purdue Global, Purdue's Online University for working adults. You know you're worth it. We do too. So don't wait another second to get the degree that will take your career to the next level. Start your comeback today@purdueglobal.edu.


Life comes at you fast, which is why it's important to find time to relax a little. You time enter Chumba Casino with no download required. You can jump on anytime, anywhere for the chance to redeem some serious prizes. So treat yourself with Chumba Casino and play over 100 online Casino style games, all for free. Go to Chumba Casino dot com to collect your free welcome bonus sponsored by Chumba Casino. No purchase necessary. VGW Group Void. Were prohibited by law. 18 plus terms and conditions apply.


So y'all, this is Quest Love And I'm here to tell you about a new podcast I've been working on with the story Pirates and John Glickman called Historical Records. It's a family friendly podcast. Yeah, you heard that, right? A podcast for all ages. One you can listen to and enjoy with your kids. Starting on September 27th. I'm going to toss it over to the host of Historical Records, Nini, to tell you all about it. Make sure you check it out. Hey y'all, Nini here. I'm the host of a brand new history podcast for kids and families called Historical Records. Historical Records brings history to life through Hip Hop Smash Slam, another one gone. Ba bam, another one gone. The Cracker the bat and another one gone. A Tip Bud. A Cap. Another one gone. Each episode is about a different inspiring figure from history like this one about Claudette Colvin, a 15-year-old girl in Alabama who refused to give up her seat on the city Bus nine hold months before Rosa Parks did the same thing. Check it. And did You know, did You know I up get the kids in your life excited about history by tuning in to historical records? Because in order to make history, you have to make some noise. Listen to historical records on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts or wherever you get your podcasts,


Right? Like, because what he was saying is if you're from New York, You know that there's no houses in Manhattan. But also too to, she said that it was a 20 minute drive. So you're trying to figure out from Radio City Music Hall on a day like the VMAs where there probably is traffic, even with out traffic, that 20 minute drive now creates a timeline. So what they did was they went through and we got packets they went through and they actually listed out all of the homes that Puff owned during the time of the year 2000. And any time before that, none of the homes they pointed out or the White House that she described with the Youth Circle driveway and also the one house that it's actually in New York or two homes that are in New York. They just don't fit the description. Everything else was in Jersey. Yeah, the Alpine house is in Jersey, which is about a 45 minute drive, 40 minute drive.


The timeline wouldn't work. You sure Know a lot about Puff Houses. Sure. Damn. You know what I'm saying? You right. Envy I do my homework. 45 minutes. Sure. You studied all my sources. They also talked a lot about, 'cause You know the VMAs are televised. That was the year that Eminem did that. Was it the slim shady performance when you got outside? All dress likes outside. So it's heavily, there's video, there's photo in that video. They talk a lot about the fact that she said that she was able to walk up and run into a limousine driver the way that the streets were blocked off. And you could see it in the photos because they were preparing for that performance. But also just because of the arrivals and drop off setup, you wouldn't have been able to just like it was barricaded off from the people. You wouldn't have been able to just walk up and knock on a limousine according to what Jay-Z's attorney Alex Piero was saying.


Now, another thing that was really important was the fact that she said in her testimony, in the complaint that she watched the show from a jumbotron and then she was picked up later by the limousine, by Didi's limousine. They went and, and, and according to Alex Burro, I have not confirmed this myself. They went and looked at permits that year for the show. There were no permits submitted for a jumbotron. There was no jumbo time Jum jumbotrons. And even when you watch Eminem's performance from where she's saying she's picked up, you don't see jumbo jumbo tron. So they were just doing a lot of that. But we do have some audio because we were able to ask questions at the end of it. And one of the things we've been talking about in this room is what happens if this is dismissed? Will there be a defamation lawsuit comes after that course? So I asked, well you wanna hear the attorney say it?


So I asked the attorney Alex bureau about that. And here's what he had to say. If this case is dismissed after that, are you guys like decided indefinitely to file anything in addition, like a defamation lawsuit? This issue with a lawyer taking advantage of the situation is going to be dealt with. I, I can assure you, And I think sort of stay tuned. I think the first thing today is to make sure that everybody understands this is not a a, an account of inconsistencies. I wanted everybody to understand that this never happened. This is completely false. And, and then we'll move forward from there. Now another thing that, oh, go Ahead. I was gonna say, You know, Busby not gonna have the opportunity to take on anybody else's cases because he gonna be too busy fighting his own.


Yeah. Another thing that I thought was interesting too, and when he said this I was like, Ooh, the brunch aint the brunch I guess no more. So someone in the room, well another one of the reporters asked, You know, Jay-Z has been making all these statements, but he has never mentioned Diddy in any of the statements. Diddy is involved in this case. He's named in the same doc. What's going on with that? Does he plan to mention Puff? Let's take listen. I mean Mr. Carter has nothing to do with Mr. Combs case or Mr. Combs. They knew each other professionally for a number of years. Just like in all professions. People know each other at the music awards. They support each other. If you go to the NBA All Star game, they support each other. That's just how professions work. There is no closer association between any of them.


That's also a matter of fiction. That's all that there is. He doesn't know anything about the charges for allegations against him. He has nothing to do with that case. And there's nothing more said. I mean, yeah, just because you see people at industry events, just because you see people even working together doesn't mean they are friends, they're peers. You trying to tell me up until this minute, you never go Jay-Z and, and Puff were actually friends outside of just like we make music together. 'cause that shocked me when you said that. I said whoa. They Were, I thought that they were friends. I thought that Diddy Yes, I thought that Diddy and Jay-Z were friends. They make sense. You gonna distance yourself right now. But I thought that they were friends And I thought that you could look at photos and disprove what Alex Burrow just said. I, I thought that that was a big thing for him to say. And I, I don't know. I never thought about it to be honest with you. I don I Thought they were, I thought they were friends, but I said I didn't know the inside and outside of their lives, but I thought they were friends.


But like you said, I took a picture with a lot of people. Do I consider them friends? Do they come to my house? Do they come up for Thanksgiving? Do they know my kids? Do they know my parents? Yeah. No, not necessarily. Do we do take pictures a lot and in this industry you see the same people over and over again. So you do. So I would assume that they are, but yeah, once you break it down like that, maybe they not, maybe At Wayne just called Kendrick and said, congratulations, you better kill it. Kill it, kill It. Oh, that's crazy. And I not like us twice. My friend Can't know how y'all know how I feel about friends. I feel like, yeah, you have to, you can't just throw around the word friend. Like a friend means that your confidence, somebody that you can go and sleep over their house. You can run like, nah, you can't say a friend. You can say associate in the industry or the business, but if we never knew them to be friends, then we can't just assume that they were. And why do we assume we just the public on the outside looking in, how are we gonna tell you No, that's your friend, that's your friend.


I Think it's just, I think it's just a perception thing. But honestly I was thinking about it like this, like if it is just a perception thing. If Busby even tries to hit back with like, oh well look at the photos, look at what Puff said at, remember that year at the Grammys and he talked about and, and Jay-Z was there. Whatever. Yeah. It, it is just perception the same way. Like you can argue it's just perception and Busby got a lot of other things to worry about because the way that they broke this down timeline, it doesn't, it really doesn't make sense. So they have, I I I'm interested to see what Buzz Busby's response is going. Perception is not reality. Like you ain't never been hunting a day in your life but you killing with that Duck dynasty for South Carolina. So I love the Duck Dynasty fit And I didn't know where you was going. It's not dead hunting season anymore, but you're still killing it. I Mean thing in life and look at you, We also seen Puff say, You know, my brother Jay-Z, this is my brother, we are brothers.


So when you hear that term, it makes people assume that you guys are closer than just associates Pop. And maybe it's just like my brother in the business. Everybody need to stop throwing that brother sister thing around. So much sleep over. You ain't sleeping over puffy house. Allegedly ain't sleeping over Puff house. You know, maybe You know every house every before You know who would even said the house N was saying, I know this house. We gotta check m know where the camera's at. Hmm. Nothing. I mean I know where every celebrity house is. That was what Groupie? No it's not. It's Not Logan. Logan. Man. It's not tough. This man up for the holidays. It's not even, it's Not even being a groupie Is when you young. When you young and you trying to make it those, that was my inspiration. Oh, I get you. I so I used to drive And I, And I talk about it in the book absolute.


I used to drive by rich neighborhoods to look at the houses and be like, one day I want a, a house like that. Or one day I want to live there one day I want that until I was able to purchase One day did he was in the lawn with his shirt off and he said, it's that thirsty mother f ride by here. One more time. Yeah, I'm gonna give him a drink. You should have said gave me baby oil. That's what you should have said. No, I give him a drink. I don't want a drink. You was drinking outta his holes. Oh Lord. And thank you Jess. Thank you. That Was just with mess. Oh my gosh. Back You said custard. Oh come on. We gotta go. Come on. Don't ask Duck Dynasty now. That is nasty. Alright. Duck Dynasty. Yeah. Yeah, that's it. You here? Full litigious. That's it. Goodbye. Litigious.


Dang. Alright, when we come back, we got front page news and then Paul Wall will be joining us. It's The Breakfast Club. That was nasty. Morning Everybody. It's DJ Envy. Jess, hilarious. Charlamagne the guy. We are The Breakfast Club. Let's get in some front page news. Start off with some quick sports. Now in football, Monday night football, the Falcons beat the Raiders 15 nine and the Vikings beat the Bears. 32 12. Good morning, Morgan. Good morning. Envy, Charlamagne and Jess. Hilarious. Y'all all right? Yes. Yep, yep, Yep. Good. Okay. So yeah, we were talking about these drone sightings, y'all. So the White House says a rash of drone sightings have been seen across the Northeast and they are legal and lawful in the air. White House National Security Council spokesman John Kirby said on Monday that there is no national security threat and the activity seems to be from commercial hobbyists or law enforcement drones.


Let's hear more from White House National Security Council spokesman John Kirby. We've done the detection and analysis, we've corroborated the sightings and in every case that we have examined to date, we have seen nothing. Nothing that indicates a public safety risk. This is a collection of law enforcement hobbyists, commercial drones, and of course civil, civil aviation aircraft that have caused all these sightings. And it's not attributable to an actor for a purpose to date. Our assessment is that this is lawful legal, commercial, hobbyist, and even law enforcement aircraft activity.


Some of it's manned, some of it's unmanned. He also Noted, I don't believe, go ahead sir. I don't believe John Kirby, I think they have no idea what those things are. And it is a, and and if they do know it's absolutely, You know, the wrong thing to tell people. It's not a public safety risk. If manned or unmanned SUV sized vehicles are flying in the air over residential areas, what if one of things crashes into a house? That's not a public safety risk. It is. What are you Talking about? Absolutely. Absolutely. So Kirby also noted that more than a million drones are registered with the FAA. So at least let's hope that each, each one of those are registered. So that way if something happens, God forbid, You know, we'll have something to go off of there. But anyways, that being said, Kirby added that the federal government continues to assist state and local law enforcement in investigating these drone sightings.


Meanwhile, president-elect Trump claims the government knows exactly what these mysterious drones are flying over the us speaking from his Mar Largo residents in Palm Beach yesterday, Trump said one flew over his golf course in Bedminster, New Jersey. Let's hear more from the president-elect in regards to these drones. It'd be better off saying what it is our military knows and our our president knows and for some reason they want to keep people in suspense. Our military knows where they took off from. If it's a garage, they can go right into that garage. They know where it came from and where it went. I really don't like the drones and, and what really, really bothers me is they're able to fly over somebody's house. Right? Yes. So you, you're not protected.


Like you could put a fence up to block anybody from driving in, but somebody could just shoot a drone. A random person could shoot a drone, a robber, a burglar. 'cause could see if you're home, you could film your house. They could film your house. If you got kids, they could film your kids. I don't like it. And it's gonna get to the point where people are gonna take the law into their own hand and start shooting the mission. And What if it crashes? Yeah. And I, And I And I will say Trump is correct. You know, I always said the language of politics is dead. So you might as well just be upfront with the people. He's right. You know, simply tell the people what it is. If You know what it is and the, the American people are big boys and girls, we can handle it. I mean hell nobody afraid of him. Now them things have been flying over us for weeks and we still more afraid of getting hit from the back by Diddy and he's in jail. Oh lord Jesus. Jesus, okay. I mean nothing think nobody is scared of that.


Yeah. Nobody More than we can shit Jesus. Well Yeah, he's the One. You get na probe aliens are did he wanted the do it happening. Jeez. So Trump, yeah, he did say people do have a right to know and he doesn't understand why in his words, the government wants to keep people in suspense. Switching gears on Trump though, his criminal convictions in New York live on for now. After the judge in the case rejected one of Trump's demands to dismiss his case, state Judge Juan Merchan presided over Trump's 34 felony convictions for falsifying business records related to payoffs to porn stars. Stormy Daniels ruled against Trump late on Monday. This was his request to dismiss based on the Supreme Court's decision on presidential criminal immunity.


Now Trump can and will likely appeal this. He also asked for a dismissal connected to his election when arguing convictions would impede his ability to govern. Prosecutors want to keep them in place and delay sentencing until Trump is out of office. Judge Merkin could rule on that dismissal request as early as this week. Now speaking of criminal situations, we all saw this coming in battle. New York City mayor Eric Adams, he might get some legal help from President-elect Trump in a press conference on Monday from Mar Largo, Trump said he would look at potentially Pardoning Adams who is facing federal charge fraud and corruption charges. Now the president-elect went on to say that he wasn't familiar with the specifics regarding Adam's charges.


In his case, however, Adams, I was gonna say Adams isn't commenting on the issue, but he actually has released a comment. Now Trump says he would consider pardoning Eric Adams. Let's hear more from Trump on Adams in that. Pardon? Yeah. Would I, I think that he was treated pretty unfairly. Now I haven't seen the gravity of at all, but it seems, You know, like being upgraded in an airplane many years ago. I said, I know probably everybody here has been upgraded. They see you're all stars. I said, You know what, he'll be indicted soon. And I said it not as a prediction, a little bit lightheartedly, but I said it. I said, he's gonna be indicted. And a few months later he got indicted.


So Eric Adams, he has actually reacted to Trump's comments in regards to possibly pardoning him. And, and he instead he actually said he's gonna continue to basically take heed to the advice of his lawyer. Let's hear from Mayor e Eric Adams. No Americans should be going through what I'm going through and what my attorney decides to do. I'm going to follow the direction of my attorney. I did nothing wrong, should not have been charged. And I just think, You know, God has a way of showing the irony of life. Yeah. So there you have that. I feel, I feel like, You know, mayor Adams, when he said that he was willing to Sit down and work with Chase.


Yeah. He didn't. And by the way, that's how it should be. Right? Like you, if you're an elected official, a mayor by-partisan for you're a governor, you should wanna work with the president of the United States of America. So, I mean, it's not a, I don't really have a thought on it. Like I don't, I don't, I don't have really have a thought on it. Alright, well we'll continue to watch it. Adams, of course, it's Q is accused of accepting at least a hundred thousand dollars in travel benefits in the federal indictment that includes charges of wire fraud and bribery. It's all reportedly connected to his alleged contributions to his 20 21, 20 20 20 21 Merrill contain campaign from a Turkish government official seeking to gain influence over him. He, of course, he has pleaded not guilty and maintains his innocence in that case. So that's pretty much it for your front page news today.


I'm Morgan Wood, follow me on social at Morgan Media and for more news coverage, follow at Black Information Network. Download the free iHeartRadio App and visit us@binews.com. Talk to y'all later. Thank you Morgan. All Right girl. Thank you Morgan. Alright. Alright, now when we come back, Paul Wall will be joining us. His new album, once Upon a Grind, is out right now. It's The Breakfast Club. Good morning, The Breakfast Club. Morning Everybody. It's DJ Envy. Jess. Hilarious. Charlamagne the guy. We are The Breakfast Club. You got a special guest in the Building? Yes indeed. We got Paul Wall. What it do? What's up brother? Doing How you feeling? I'm feeling great man. Happy to be back with my dog. Hey, you look good. Thank you. Thank you. Yeah. Yeah, the graves get gray but the players still playing.


Wasn't they calling him Azadi online? Yeah, yeah, yeah. He definitely a z They called Me a 20 20 23 Houston Zady. Yeah, that's, They voted me, You know what I'm, And I saying You know, 'cause You know how y'all age sometimes, You know, like bananas don't look too close because the wrinkles wrinkling. But You know, Don look too close. I, I look good with the filters, but yeah. Butt. Your wife said sit your ass down that damn Instagram. You know she the funny Thing, she's the main one been telling me, Hey, don't dye your hair, hair, let it be gray. Let your salt and pepper. Yeah. Don't keep quick, quick cutting the ball. Fa You know, I'm south side ball fade. But You know, after a while, You know what I'm saying? When it start growing back, it don't grow back. Right. So she said, man, you need to grow your hair out. I thought she was just hating on me.


Yeah. I thought she was just hating on me. When she would setting Me up, she would set me up to Sean, Chris Ball. I want to ask you about B King. What, what, what was that loss to? Houston? Man, he had such a, a, a hell of a club run where his name was Club Guard. That was the perfect name for him. I'm talking about B King is somebody who could have done a show for an hour straight. And I'm talking about nothing but club bangers back to back, to back, to back to back. And when you go to the club, especially anywhere in Texas, that's what you would hear. It was B King Boy. I'm talking about Club Guard Man, B King. That man, that was a perfect name for him, man. He rocked the clubs, man. Rest in peace to B King. Absolutely. And I didn't know you had the, you had surgery?


Yeah. Oh, you talking about my weight loss surgery? Yeah. Long time ago. That surgery. Yeah. How Long was that? Let say in my, like that was about 2009 and New Year's Eve. Yeah, I had the gastric sleeve. That's when your boy was at three 50. You Was 3 3 3 50. Oh Yeah, I hit it. Well, Paul House. That was, that was amazing. That was The, that was the, the tall T arrow. So, You know, we could hide it. Well, You know what, I'm, I could hide it. Well, what Was, what, what got you to that, that weight? Was it always eating? Was it, was you using drugs? Like what got you there? Man, I think some of it was lifestyle. Some of it was, You know, a rollercoaster of trying to lose weight, taking diet pills, sipping syrup, maybe, You know, drinking alcohol, all the other stuff too.


It definitely messed up my metabolism. So, You know, it was something where I would be on a full fledged, like hard, tough, strict diet, strict regimen of training working out. And six months go by, you lose, You know, four pounds. Yeah. So it is very like, deflating and just, it is, it is not motivating. Whatever the opposite of motivating is. But one of my homeboys, man, one of the, one of the biggest gangsters I know, he was like, man, I, I wanna go get Lap band. And I was like, man, lap band. What? You just, You know, I don't know man. I, I just, to me, that wasn't something the gangsters did or players did, You know? And he was like, man, nah, forget that man. It's gonna save my life. You know, you want, you want to die, You know? 'cause he was going through some of the same thing.


He sipped a lot of syrup too. He was taking diet pills, all of that. And it was just a rollercoaster of messing up his metabolism. And when he went, he was like, say, man, I want you to call. I don't know if he really wanted to get it or he was just trying to convince me to kinda get it because he ended up not getting anything because you was The Guinea pig. Like, you go first, see how it worked out. Yeah, man, that's funny. It Definitely worked. It saved my life, man. For sure. I, I only, my only gr is I didn't do it sooner. 'cause man, if I knew I could have been skinny like this And I ain't gotta work out or nothing, I don't gotta do nothing. But Do you wish you would've waited? Now that the Ozempic is real heavy in campaigns, I, I do see that and I'm like, damn, maybe I, that's all I would've had to do. And I could have, I could have been a, a spokesman, You know what I'm saying?


I'm trying to be a spokesman for the sleeve, but I ain't no doctor trying to pay me. So, so how, how does it affect your eating? So you, you just not hungry or just Not hungry? You just get full real quick. Real man. So like for instance, last night I had something to eat, like a little gyro And I had two bites and that was it. I was full. Damn. You all these years later still have that of it. Yeah. Still work. Wow. Yeah. Now, we haven't heard from you in a while. Your fans like, musically. So describe the energy of this, this album now. My new album Get You On Now. It's called Once Upon a Grind, produced by my boy DJ Fresh, and also G Luck, beat on from Houston, my boy Beans and Cornbread. My boy DJ Fresh did most of the production. He's from the West Coast. He's real musical. He does a lot of, You know, anything keys or keyboards or synth or You know, guitars.


He plays every instrument. But it, so a real musical, like just in the production is real motivating. Once upon a grind, it's all about just putting your best foot forward, being your best self, You know, giving your all and everything, You know what I'm saying? And just, just trying to progress, You know, even if it's little by little, just making progress in your life, You know, whatever you setting goals and just, just, just trying to accomplish 'em. So that's just what the whole album is about. It's just what I'm trying to convey with the message, You know what I'm saying? With it, once Upon a grind, You ever thought about going back and doing like a whole project with Swisher House artists like Mike Jones, of course Thug a Thugger or Chameleon. You ever thought about that? No. You still in contact with those names? Man, I be on them to do this all the time, man. First of all, let start off with the ball. Slim Thug.


Slim Thug is the most, like, he is the biggest boss, but when it comes to rapping, he's like, You know, like, we'll be like in New York and be like, Hey, let's go to the studio. He be like, man, go to the studio. Let's go to the club. Right? He like to party. My boy like to party. He be like, man Studio, we can go to the studio anytime. He got a studio in his house. So for instance, if I, I like, he's on my new album, Hey, I need you on my album. Bet Slim the song he do in 15 minutes. So if we're in a situation where it's like, I'm a little different, like, I'm like, Hey, we in New York, let's capture the moment. Let's go in the studio, let's capture this energy and do something. But Slim is like, man, we can go to the studio anytime, man. It's no difference. We go to the studio now or tomorrow. So that's Slim. So Slim is not like really motivated to get in there and knock it out that, You know what I'm saying?


I'm saying Thug said I'm gonna party. Yes. Now, if we, if we tell him, hey, we got a deal, or we need to do this or whatever. Yeah, for sure he motivated then like anytime we got a deadline or something. But I, I done did that with Slim, where we do a whole entire mix tape in a day. You know, I've done that with him, You know, I've seen him do that plenty of times. So he's not really like, pressured to let's get it going. Okay Now, Mike Jones, Mike Jones all over the place. He kind of making a comeback with his music. He kind of was, You know, out the scene for a while. You know, in terms of shows, like me and Slim, we tour all the time. We on, on the Road every single weekend. Mike Jones kind of took a break for a while. Now he's coming back out. He's got new music coming out. He's definitely on the road again. He got a new number, but he does that same number.


He say no, well actually, You know what, I think he's trying to get it back. I think, I think they lost, he was still calling. He lost it and then he's trying to get it back for some reason. But because the phone number gets so many calls, it's not like a normal bill. It's like an inflated bill. So like, I know he'll get like a $10,000 phone bill. Like, it, it is crazy. But geez. And you said he was, he was with, what, what was he doing during that time? Because he was missing for a minute. I, I, I think he was just enjoying life. I ain't, because we would see him every now and in his shows and every time we see him he looking good. He's still rocking, he's still killing it. But You know, we wouldn't really see him in the studio too much or dropping too much music. But nah, I know he's dropping some music. Nah, if we were to all do a project like that, I'm pretty sure Mike Jones would probably be involved with that.


He probably will be down, but I think right now he's kind of more focused on getting, You know, his own solo stuff going. You know what I'm saying? But I think he probably will be down the chameleon at Alaska. Cha millionaire man, tech rich man, he ain't trying to do no music, man. He got so much money right now. Whatever tech money he got, whatever investments the crypto he got, he, look, lemme tell you, I talk to him about this all the time because the way the music industry has evolved, he's always been this way where he, he not trying to give nothing away. He really appreciates the value of his music. You know, and he's, he's not giving it away. He's not signing a deal where he's getting screwed over just 'cause it's a good look. Nah, he's not about none of that.


He's straight business and he really values his art that he creates. So, You know what I'm saying? With, with that, it takes a certain type of label to sign him who is, has the same vision as him, where they're not just all about the dollars and cents, they're not just all about just, You know, whatever is gonna make a splash or go viral. You know? He, he, he, he needs the right type of partner. Are you the glue Behind everybody? Are you the glue that talks to everybody? Are you the main person that talks to everybody? I, I don't know. I would maybe say Slim Thug might be the glue, You know, slim Thug is, is maybe the more of the glue I would say. But I, I mean, I don't know. I don't have any problems with any of them. We, none of us have any problems with each other, You know what I'm saying? But, and we're all, You know, we're all brothers, so we support each other to the fullest.


Whatever each one of us is doing, we definitely support, You know. But yeah, I would say Slim Thug might keep in contact with all of us a little bit more than I do maybe. But we all, You know, we all bored. I, we got more With Paul Wall when we come back. Don't move. It's The Breakfast Club. Good morning. Morning everybody. It's DJ Envy. V Jess. Hilarious. Charlemagne the guy. We are The Breakfast Club. We're still kicking it with Paul Wall. Jess, I saw an interview where you had said growing up you didn't even realize you was white. I didn't, I didn't know White, white people told me I was white. Oh, the white people came back Like, nah. Yeah, they was like, you white, why you, why you talking act like that? You white. And I'm like, what do you mean? Where was this like where in Houston? When was some, when, where were you?


What was that exact Moment? Like? The moment I Discovered, I was like, yes, Where is that? I don't know. Definitely in school, elementary school maybe, or middle school. I remember that. But I mean, all my friends were black or Mexican or Asian. I lived in a very diverse neighborhood. There was, You know, it was, there were white people there, but it was, You know, Mexican, black, Vietnamese, Indian and it was mixed up. All kind of, every, any, a lot of everything. You know, even, You know, it was like, You know, FB, a, You know, black. But it was also like a lot of immigrant black like chameleon. He's Nigerian, You know, there were other, You know, immigrants there were black as well. But, so we got a great mixture of, You know, growing up in America, I guess.


You know. And when they told you you was, why you was like, damn man, what you, how did You Know you cry. You short, You just, did you cry? Did you cry? I went on cried about, Went and cried in the car. Mama. You ain't telling her I was white, But my mama did take a DNA test. She 3%. Oh, 3% what? Black. I don Care. Yeah. So I, I mean I, I know that, I know she can't say the N word. That ain't enough for her to say the n Not 3%. You ever took, you ever took it that? Nah, Nah. Okay. How Did you meet Johnny? Dang man. Johnny man, I started off, actually I was actually selling grills before I met Johnny. I stopped to really kind of pursue my music a little bit more. Well, at the time I was just a another wholesale client. I wasn't like famous or nothing like that. Even I was trying to rap in it, but I wasn't like established nothing.


This was even before Switch house days really. So, You know, when he brought me to Johnny, I'm just a wholesale client now. As I start, You know, rapping in the Swer house, You know, this is pre-internet, You know what I'm saying? Nobody know what anybody look like. They just kind of hear the voice and it slowed down. So you don't really hear exactly how it sound, but you might hear it. Now. I used to always say my, this is why I used to always say my name at the start of everywhere the dude's powow. 'cause there's no, you don't know who I am, but you going hear that, at least you gonna know my name. Yeah. So one time, You know, I be in Johnny's all the time. We on the southwest side of Houston where, okay, the southwest side of Houston has got a lot of different accents and it's all English, but it's just different accents. Then also it's the hood. So you got a Mexican hood accent, you got a black hood accent, you got the Asian hood accents.


You also got people from Louisiana coming in with they Louisiana accent. So, You know, and all of that. And Johnny being a Vietnamese immigrant himself, who speaks English, but is allegedly to understand, allegedly he Needs, he needs close caption. You know, He needs closed captions on time. He worked on it a lot. But some of it's still, You know, it's, it's man, he he definitely got his own, You know, accent. But he, You know, it's funny too because at one point, You know, as You know, we get record deals and stuff. Somebody gave me a, a little, a little cd how to lose your accent. Like this, this kind of, I guess for immigrants trying to lose their accent. But it was so that I would sound more white so that I could be more appealing in movies.


And I'm like, man, I don't wanna sound like this. You know, a label Gave you that On. So, man, I don't even wanna say that's, that's messed up. Yo, they, they, they, I guess they did it in in good, You know, good, good means. But I, I was like slightly offended by it, You know? Yeah. But it's funny 'cause Johnny had the same exact disc. You know what I'm saying? I, none of y'all, Y'all both didn't use it. Because I Posted it and Johnny was like, bro, I got the same disc. It, man, it's crazy. But he didn't sound, sound actually sound. He might need the volume too. He got the, he got the first one edition. Did you have Any influence on Megan's latest grills? The one that she had in Bigger and Texas Video? Yes, man, big shout out to Megan. Hey, hey. He shout to me. Matter of fact, we got these same grills. They're called a honeymoon set, Johnny.


We made 'em, of course. You know what I'm saying? But yeah, it's, it's, we call it the honeymoon set because there's a, at least a carrot on each tooth. So every tooth is a waiting ring. Mm. You know, but she got is hard. I got, thank you. Thank you. Yeah, thank you. Do you ever get upset that your name's not included? Like it'll say, make it the stallion, got a grill from Johnny Dang or Sauce Walker got a new half a million dollar chain from Johnny Dang n never. I, I think about that some, I mean, sometimes like people will say, Hey, why didn't say nothing man. Never, never, never. You know, I mean the, the goal of mission is accomplished. The mission was never for me to be famous or any of that. Even the first time I sold grills, You know, even up till now, it is not to make money, it's to hook my homeboys up.


You know what I'm, but when I first got, when I first got my first set of grills, I went back to the block. They like, damn, where you get those? And we came with something new where it was like, okay, I couldn't afford something I wanted Nice. So, You know, I couldn't afford diamonds or nothing like this. So I just wanted to gold white out on yellow gold and gimme like a, a, a white,


The World is constantly changing. It's up to you to decide how to respond. Choose to be bold to try something new. Choose to reinvent yourself. That's what Nissan did with the all new totally reimagined kicks. The dynamic new exterior styling immediately announces that Nissan isn't messing around the interior. A completely redesigned cabin with premium features like wireless apple call play and a panoramic moonroof make driving a kicks immersive and exciting. And with new performance and safety features, like intelligent all-wheel drive, the kicks is both fun and safer to drive than ever before. It is the dawning of a brand new era for the Nissan Kicks. Only one question remains. Is it a new error for you as well? Drive the all new Reimagined Nissan Kicks today. Available features compatible device service and consumer activation of Nissan Connect Services. Package required use only when safe and legal subject to third party service availability for more information, see Nissan usa.com/connect/legal. Apple CarPlay is a trademark of Apple Link. Intelligent all wheel drive cannot prevent collisions or provide enhanced traction in all conditions. Always monitor traffic and weather conditions.


The holidays are about spending time with your loved ones and creating magical memories that will last a lifetime. So whether it's family and friends you haven't seen in a while, or those who you see all the time, share holiday magic this season with an ice cold Coca-Cola. Copyright 2024, the Coca-Cola Company.


This is it your moment. This is your time to make your comeback with Purdue Global. When you come back with a Purdue Global degree, you create opportunity for yourself, your family, and your future. It's a degree you can be proud of, a degree that employers will trust and respect Purdue Global offers working adults like you. Over 175 flexible degree programs to meet your specific career goals. These include associate, bachelor's, master's, and doctoral degrees and certificates. Purdue global degree programs range from nursing to business to communication and more. Whatever your interests, we have the degree that will move you forward. You have the knowledge, you have the experience. Now it's time to get credit for the work you've done and earn the recognition you deserve With Purdue Global Purdue's Online University for working adults. You know you're worth it. We do too. So don't wait another second to get the degree that will take your career to the next level. Start your comeback today@purdueglobal.edu.


Life comes at you fast, which is why it's important to find time to relax a little. You time enter Chumba Casino with no download required. You can jump on anytime, anywhere for the chance to redeem some serious prizes. So treat yourself with Chumba Casino and play over 100 online Casino style games, all for free. Go to Chumba Casino dot com to collect your free welcome bonus sponsored by Chumba Casino. No purchase necessary. VGW Group Void. Were prohibited by law. 18 plus terms and conditions apply.


What's up y'all? This is Questlove And I'm here to tell you about a new podcast I've been working on with the Story Pirates and John Glickman called Historical Records. It's a family friendly podcast. Yeah, you heard that, right? A podcast for all ages. One you can listen to and enjoy with your kids. Starting on September 27th. I'm going to toss it over to the host of Historical Records, Nini, to tell you all about it. Make sure you check it out. Hey y'all, Nini here. I'm the host of a brand new history podcast for kids and families called Historical Records. Historical Records brings history to life through hip hop. Mad Slam, another one gone. Ba bam, another one gone. A crack Good a bat. And another one gone. A tip bud. A cap. Another one gone. Each episode is about a different inspiring figure from history like this one about Claudette Colvin, a 15-year-old girl in Alabama who refused to give up her seat on the city bus nine hold months before Rosa Parks did the same thing. Check it and it Did. You know, You know, Get the kids in your life excited about history by tuning in to historical records. Because in order to make history, you have to make some noise. Listen to historical records on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts or wherever you get your podcasts.


It go strip on the tip with a little diamond cuts. So it'll make you think I got diamonds, but I don't, I went back to the block and they like, damn, okay, everybody want one. So I'm like, okay, how can I get all my 20 homeboys and my cousins this, that, You know, how can I get everybody grills, You know, for the, the same price I paid or for a discount. I'm not trying to make money off of, I'm trying to hook them up so they shine so that when we all pull up, we all like, damn, y'all must be from Gulf Bankers. All y'all on Gulf Bank shine like that. So that's what it was all about. It was just about hooking my friends up when my name not included. It. I I don't even care about none of that, honestly. Because, You know, I mean, You know, I did my part, I put my boy on, You know, he's the man that people want grills.


They come to him and honestly, it'd be a a huge headache for me. They come to me, they want free grills, You know what I'm saying? You know, like, damn Johnny this, Hey look Johnny, look, I'm just send 'em to you. 'cause they, they going, they know they gonna pay what you but with me, they think they get free grills. So it's like, okay look, I can, some people with free, but I mean a honeymoon set. I don't know. You getting a honeymoon set, You know, Megan might be a little different. Of course you gonna hook Megan up, but You know what I'm saying? Like yeah, I I ain't never worried about that man. Salute to my boy Johnny. Dang. I Wanna ask you about the Houston music scene, right? When you think of Megan, Travis Scott, Don, Tyler, do you think Houston artist have to have a Houston sound sauce walker too? Yeah. Yeah, for sure. What, what's Gotta Houston Sound? I, I mean, You know, be salute to all of the, the, the fresh new artists that are holding it down for Houston and for Texas.


I mean the, the Houston style is so diverse, You know, I mean, we do have a chorus sound or like a chorus slang, a little accent. But I, I don't think so you got Toby Neway where he's doing his own style. You definitely hear the Houston in him though, You know, sauce Walker. He brought something completely new to the table to represent. We, he, he, he, he birthed a whole new branch of the hip hop tree in Houston, You know, with his style. You know, he, he created a new Houston style with it, You know what I'm saying? But even in that, you hear the Houston, You know, sometimes he got some screwing chop here and there hooks. So he, You know, makes some references or he got, You know, this and that, You know, whatever slabs or this, You know, he definitely got some Houston influence in there, but it's, he does it his own way.


Same with Megan. She do it a hundred percent her own way. Don Tover, You know what I'm saying? Travis Scott, they for sure represent Houston. They got their Houston style, but they do it their own way and they, You know, they, they birthed new, new versions of the Houston style the same way like the Ghetto Boys, You know, were Houston. But, You know, the screwed up CL was a, a different kind of form of, You know, the Houston style, You know, and the Swer house was like a, You know, a product of that, You know, of course me being a screw head growing up influenced by the screw up clique, You know, and then so the people influenced by us who came after us, they gonna be, You know, definitely man, You know. But I don't think they have to, You know, it's not like a monolithic type of style Right. Where, You know, it used to be like, when, when we came up, if you didn't sound like this, you not making it.


You not making it. But there's a, You know, there's a lot of artists in Houston that, You know, they come with a, a, You know, a a something different, but you still hear the Houston in them. But it's just something different. And I salute, I salute 'em for just doing their thing. Whatever it is, You know, you gotta follow your path. And I just, I'm, I'm happy to see how it's grown. You know what I'm saying? The hip hop tree is definitely flourishing in Houston. Well, Let's get into a join off the album. What you wanna hear. Let's Play that swing down Me and Zero Powwow and Zero. We flipped that SWV Rain My Boys Beans and Cornbread. They produced it, You know, got my boy Zero on there with me Wall and Big Ton. Yeah, Let's go, let's get into it right now. We got more with Paul Wall. When we come back, it's The Breakfast Club. Good morning. Morning everybody. It's DEJ Envy, Jess.


Hilarious Charlamagne ne Guy. We are The Breakfast Club. We're still kicking it with Paul Wall. Jess. Now you dealt with a lot of traumas in your life And I was watching a podcast where you sat down with Quincy and Fuzzy and you opened up about your biological dad, who was, you said a serial child molester. Yes. What effect did that have on you? That had a huge effect on me. One, growing up with a single mother, having a very small family. It made us, You know, tight knit. It made me appreciate family. It made me always want family. It made me aware. I was hyper aware of, You know, like the molestation type of stuff, You know. And it also made me become an advocate, You know, as I got older in life, You know, our team, my girl, Ms. Parker from Parents Against Predators.


We do a lot in the community just in regards to that. But just personally, what it, what it did to me was from as long as I can remember, it instilled something into me to say, I'm gonna be a good father no matter what. I'm gonna be a good father. I'm not gonna let anything come between me and my kids. I hope one, I used to pray for one day to have kids. Like, I, I literally, I tell my kids just all the time on their birthdays, like, man, I used to pray for you. Mm. You know, so it, it always would make me like, want to be a good father. Want made me want to be the best father I could be. Also, man, that interview too. Yeah. After that interview came out, I found out I got a cousin. Mm. Because somebody seen it. Yeah. And they was like, Hey, you, you, you thought you didn't have no cousin. We you got a cousin.


Wow. So, You know, I'm, I'm, I'm real grateful for that. I got a, You know, my, my cut shout to my cousin Gina and her whole family of kids, all of them, man. But yeah, it definitely was something that, You know, was heavy on me in my whole life. Also, You know, it, it makes you realize that some people are walking around with trauma and you don't know it. Yeah. You know, so it, it makes you, You know, just 'cause somebody has a smile doesn't mean they're happy. You know, just 'cause somebody has a a a frown or a mean look don't mean they're mad at you. It could be going through something. So, You know, it just, it, it, it, it just, it did definitely taught me a lot. Yeah. And your mom was a strong woman. You said your mom had y'all so scared that your dad would come and kidnap you. Oh yeah. Yeah. Because he had kidnapped the woman and married her.


Yep. Yeah. He kidnapped a, he kidnapped a, a woman man. A girl girl. Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah. And married her man. This girl was 12 years old and he kidnapped her when she was 15. And I don't know, man, he got a, some type of judge to sign off on the marriage, took her to Canada. Then next thing You know, something happened. They came back. You know, it's, it's a tragic story. Yeah. She ended up committing suicide when she came back. And, You know, it's, it's sad. The crazy thing about that is that at that time, You know, we would see my father on the weekend, my biological father on the weekends or every other weekend. So sometimes we'd go over there and it'd be like, oh, there's new girlfriends over there. And I'm, You know, four years old. I don't know. Yeah. You know, but it's a, a 12-year-old in a wig with makeup, You know, we know that now, but at the time we don't know that.


I'm just think, oh, that's my dad's, You know, girlfriend or something. And it's, it's so crazy to think like that. Damn you that close to, You know that. But You know what, you four years old, what do you do? You don't even know what's wrong. Yeah. You know, what's going on. But it's just, it's, it's, it's tragic. Just, You know, of course that was my biological father, so it was hard for me. But I mean, of course it's worse for, for the girl, You know what I'm saying? Or whoever he did something to. So I never look at myself like I was like a victim or like, even the trauma I experienced, I kind of like put it under the rug. I feel more for the, the victims that he hurt. You know what I'm saying? Like damn, like what about them? And I mean, I don't really look at it like my own, but for sure my mom, she used to, we used to walk around with a, a air horn like tied around my neck so that if he and man, this when kindergarten cop came out too and then get to go on sports.


Yeah man. So I was for sure terrified that I was gonna get kidnapped. And I remember one time, ooh, one time me and my sister went home. It was like during the summer or it was like something when my mom was doing something and we just at home And I remember my biological dad came to the door, knocked on the door And I went and looked at the pee. And I remember being so scared I could not move. I'm just sitting there just like, oh, I don, what do I do? I couldn't move and I'm scared to move. He gonna see me or whatever, man. I'll never forget that. But yeah, my mama definitely, she had us prepared, You know what I'm saying? She had us prepared. That's amazing. Well, the album. Yeah. Back to the album though. Yeah. And what is the Still Tip Tour Driving, I mean, the Still Tipping Tour came and went.


Yeah. Y'all, y'all went did like one show, right? We, we didn't do nothing. Well, I mean we did, we did one show. Yeah. You Mike Jones slim Up. I mean it just, it started off, we did the Texans Halftime show March. I kind of said it. Yeah. I kind of said it like, almost like as a joke, like hey we doing the steel tipping tour. But when we, when we said that our phones started blowing up, we had people live all kind of people more ad everybody just hitting us trying to, Hey, I wanna book 20 shows right now. How much I wanna book 10 shows this and that. But y'all didn't have it together. We couldn't get it together man. You know, I wish we could, but we could get Together. That's what happened. You, you spoke too earlier about you just kind of playing seed. I did something like that. Like before I got this job. Oh right. Oh really? I went and sat. Is that what you did Party?


I was like, yo, I'm the host set of breakfast that they pick me up. You know what I'm saying? And then I thought I didn't get the jump 'cause I'm like damn, maybe I shouldn't have did it. I'm here today so maybe we, maybe we might get some Still tour. We coming to the Brave Club powwow Mike Jones Slim though. We That's the Album. Hold on. I got, I do got one more question on hiphop. This is my last question. Yes sir. When ti this little flip, he mentioned your name in there. I always felt like conflicted about that. Exactly. I wanted to ask that because, because that's what kind of blew you up in everybody was like, damn Ball Wall Grip Paul Wall Ball wall. Maybe the hardest Grill ever bought son. Yes. Yeah. Yeah. Man, I I man I remember being the Bayou Classic in New Orleans and people being like passing out flyers and somebody saying, Hey Swish House, I might even passing out my own, You know, my album or You know, buy some grills or something.


I remember people being like, pow wow. Hey you the one with ti like, and it being like, damn, okay they, my boy got some reach. You know, this is when he was this before he blew up, of course he got reach now he just reaches The World. But he dis little flip A legend. Yeah. Was that was the hard part because me and Flip being friends too as well. It is like damn, of course Flip gonna feel a certain way. You know, he gonna be like, damn you rocking with him. That's how it is. Yeah. And I of course he gonna feel that way. There's no way he couldn't and You know, I could be like, well yeah we friends but I, I'm not choosing a side. I don, I mean I don't know what to do. You know what I'm saying? It just put me in a tough situation. I mean the way I dealt with is I just, You know, laid low, You know what I'm saying? Tried to stay out of it. I really tried not to do too much explaining publicly.


'cause a lot of times it just make it worse. You seemed like, You know? But it definitely put me in a hard spot, You know what I'm saying? It Was good for business though. It was good for business. Definitely. Little definitely. Ti I definitely gave, when he gave me that shot, powwow turned the bling down in your mouth. Oh yeah. Definitely was good for business. But I mean at the same time Little Flip probably was like, man, I ain't never getting no girl from Powwow. Did he, Did he stop shopping with You? Well I mean even then he wasn't getting 'em for me. Johnny was still kind of making them, but You know, he was getting 'em from the other people or whatever. But how's Flip doing To speak? We would making him a grill. Flip on a grill. I got you bro. I got you. Just to speak. Yeah, for sure. Matter of fact, one of the songs on the album Swang Down With Zero. We recorded that song on Zero's birthday for of this year's birthday is birthday's like January 20th, January 21st.


I think it's the 21st. And we recorded it at Zero House. You say say Man my birthday come to the house, we drinking, eating come through. I said came through and You know, I had the song. He's like, Hey, let's knock out this song. And Little Flip actually was his engineer that recorded it. I see Flip all the time. For sure Man. Flip we, we boy he still my big bro. Of course he came, we the same age, but he came out before me. You know, he definitely put on for Houston a lot, You know what I'm saying? But You know, I even still, when I see him, I'm be like, damn, I hope he ain't holding it over my head. But if he do, I mean I can't blame him 'cause I, I get it. You know what I'm saying? But You know, that's definitely my boy man. You know, it ain't no hard feelings on my side. Of course if you want to, girl, I got, I I got you flipped. What's up man? You know, but yeah, it's definitely, definitely made it a little weird.


You know what I'm saying? All Right, well we appreciate you Paul Wall. The album is out right now. Once Upon a Grind it's Paul Wall. It's The Breakfast Club. Good morning Real Jessica, Robin Moore. Just don't do no lying. Don't do, she don't spell nobody worldwide. Jess Worldwide on The Breakfast Club. She's a coaches who she was Able to get y'all to see something and understand something that nobody could get you To see. It's time to set it off. Okay. And some football news. Michael Vick for former NFL quarterback, he told the Virginia Pilot and the daily press that he interviewed with for the head coaching position at Norfolk State.


That's dope. I think that is dope. That's right near your Hampton. Oh yeah, yeah, yeah. This is about five, about maybe 10, 15 minutes away from Hampton. But that's dope. 'cause Michael Vick is from that area. Right, Right, right. So that's your alma mater. That's what they call it, right? The alma ma alma mater. Yeah. Yeah. Alma mater. That's not mine, but No Hampton. Yeah. Is but that's all in the same area. It's All in same Hampton Road 7 5 7. Which is dope because he's from that area, that area raised him. He loves that area. Yeah. So the fact that he would be head coach and you could tell it's not for a check. No disrespect. But You know, HBCUs don't have one. He really love Can't pay Michael Vick for that. But Yes. And the crazy thing is it's for love After Dion, you'd see more of that. Yeah. And, And I know it was the big thing because we know that Dion, he was at Jackson State, right.


And then he, he got everybody like excited about it. He did. He like started shedding light on, he would bring celebrities. That's right. And everything. And I remember like it just being a, a big, big, big talk about it, right? Yep, yep, yep. And then he left and then he went to a PWI He went to what? Colorado? Colorado. Colorado. And, and so now the fact, oh, ed Reed also did that too at Bethune Bethune College. Yep. Yep, Yep, yep. And then now Michael Vick, he, he actually, he's not officially there yet, but he did have a, a meeting with them. He did an interview and he hopes to hear something from the school. Soon there would Be a fool not to take Michael Vick. Yeah. In Virginia. And the amount of people they would have to get a bigger place to, to play because the amount of people that Vic will bring and celebrities from that area.


You're talking Missy, you're talking Timberland, you're talking Pharrell Re you're talking Pusha t you're talking the Clipse. You're talking family, you're talking the whole Virginia, you're talking Me like, Okay, Chris, Chris Brown. Y'all did not have to songs from, You know, from, You know, not close in that area, but similar to that area too. So it, it would be dope. It would be amazing. I think that is dope. Okay. All right. Moving on to more football. Travis Hunter, his fiance has been the biggest op for the internet. University of Colorado. His Travis Hunters, his fiance, Leanna, Leanna, rna. There's been a bunch of moments online where she comes off as mad or like she don't wanna be there.


Like she's just not happy for this dude at all. Like some of the moments have been Travis's last home game, there was a video of him Pugging on her trying to kiss her. And she giving like, no get off me. Like stop, like I'm not happy. Like, You know, that's what she's giving. That's what I read in her face. And then the 2024 Heisman Trophy ceremony where it appeared, she didn't even wanna stand up. That's when Dionne Sanders like had to like urge her like, get up girl, what did you doing dummy? He didn't say that, but that's what I read in his face. And then the fan moment, Travis and Leanna, they were at a meet and greet at the Adidas popup in New York. And he was taking pictures with fans. It was people that was coming up to him like kids taking pictures and stuff. And she was sitting there, You know, just like on her phone, arms, fold arms, arms folded, not folded, whatever.


And she just looking in the internet, they, they said that. She was like, what? I supposed to just sit here while you take pictures. I didn't see her mouth that, but I seen a lot of back to back comments saying that, that she did say that Leanna addressed all of the hate she defended herself or whatever. And this is what she told you, You ain't never had no girl. So why y'all talking about me Girl? No, relax Travis the girl. That's crazy. Yo, you, the problem is no, you got that TBA boy calling him a girl. That wasn't the Right one. Oh Play her. Yo. Anyone who knows me knows I support Travis in every win.


Everything he does because I truly, truly love that man. He is perfect in my eyes. When his name was called, I instantly was gonna, if you watch the video, you can see me like, but his mom didn't get up so I was like, oh, maybe I don't get up. Maybe I just stay here with her. So I sat there and then, and then y'all said Coach Cum had to tell me to get up. No he didn't. He said go get him. Go get your man. Like, and once Travis stood up, but he didn't have to do that 'cause I was gonna do that anyways. Soon as I seen Travis get up, then I thought it was appropriate to stand up, greet him, congratulate him. But then there was a camera right in front of Coach Prime And I knew they were gonna film that moment. And because of how people are online, I was like, I don't wanna be in that shot, so I'm gonna sit down.


No, that was her addressing the Heisman moment, obviously. Right. And then she also addressed the fan moment when I said that she was just sitting there like, what I supposed to sit here and take. Why you taking pictures? That's what she said. What to drink? He doesn't drink And I amm Hispanic. So I have tequila like in my face. No, this Is not, that's not, oh, okay. Alright, well E Okay. Alright. When And the show would be so good if it had great producer. Okay, stop it. Okay, let's stop. Alright, now Travis also defended his fiance. He now, he had a lot to say. You ain't never had no girl. So why y'all talking about me? Find some musta talk about, talk about my girl. Go talk about your girl. Go find a girl. Go find a life. So worry about my, what? What I got going on? I know what I got. I know my girl. My girl been with me for five years.


Y'all are just not starting to talk about me and just not starting to be with me. Clickbait pages. Y'all better stop. I'm telling y'all, y'all, if something bad gonna happen to y'all, y'all keep doing that. Y'all better stop that. Yeah. When we was sitting down And I was at my puppet shop, we was talking about my family. What was they gonna do while I was in there signing stuff, I had all my family there. That's why she said she gonna sit there so she can get, so they can get stuff. Have fun there y'all. Y'all hate on me and then y'all go and hate on my girl like we we're unseparable bro. We not go, we with each other. Like she hurting. Of course I'm gonna be hurting. If I'm hurting, of course she gonna be hurting. Come on man. That that junk, that junk hurt bro. To me, baby girl just need training, media training. I mean it. They could be going through something. It could be something going on. We don't know. I mean I know for the internet it is giving get the hell away from her.


Travis, she's not happy for you. You know, we like to tell people how they should feel about their relationship. But honestly it could have been a bad day. It could just be baby girl. It's just, You know, not good in the media. She, You know, it could be overwhelming, right? Yeah, it could be what she said. It could be. You know, they were looking for the moment of prime to hug Travis and she didn't want to be in that shot. She didn't wanna be over zealous 'cause they would be like, Hey, you are all in the shot. So maybe she wanted to fall back. So you got, you gotta, You know, sometimes you gotta take things with a grain of salt and you gotta understand it could be so many different things. And I heard her explain that she was in the Adidas store. They were in there for a while and she asked him, Hey, do you want me to go back with the family or this, that and the other? We don't know what they were actually saying. Yeah, but if he's cool with it, why the hell y'all care?


That's his girl. That's, that's fiance. Now you're talking. Now you're talking. 'cause I just think it's ridiculous for grown people to care so much about what those 20 somethings are doing. And they come in the whole conclusions about the totality of their relationship based off clips. Man, y'all so miserable online and listen, it's not a coincidence that all of this is coming the weekend Travis Hunter won the Heisman Trophy. The criticism, the hate it comes with the success. And guess what? It's gonna keep coming Travis, because you're not about to be unsuccessful. So you just gotta learn to block that noise out because that's all it is, is noise. That's Right. What? That's Ja with the mask. Alright, thank you Jesse. Shala, man, who you giving that down? Two Man. Four after the hour, man, we need a, a person named Markum David Bond to come to the front of the congregation.


They say if you keep doing the same thing over and over, expecting different results, that's insanity. Right? This nigga is insane. Alright, we'll discuss. We'll get to that next. It's The Breakfast Club. Good morning. Execution On the donkey of the day is something to hold. They you to read. They gave me Donkey of the day And I deserve to. People need to know. Well You need to tell them. I am. Did you Have the voice? Tell them. Tell them. Tell them It's time for Donkey of the Day. It's a read, but you're so good at it. You Trying to be a fake ass Charlamagne. There's only one charlamagne above Charlamagne Damn Charlamagne. Who you giving Dusty today to now? Well, sexy red. Hold on. Lemme drink some water. Mm mm mm Donkey today for Tuesday, December 17th.


Calls de Markum David Bond. I need to tell you a story about Markum. He was found guilty by a federal jury in LA on one count of interference with commerce by robbery. One kind using a firearm during a crime of violence and one count of being a felon in possession of a firearm. Now he's not a young man, he's 61 years old, okay? And 61 is way too old. Way too old to be catching all those charges. Okay? This man at the 10 to age of 60 robbed an armor truck or attempted to rob an armored truck. The brakes joints too ran up on one at gunpoint in the Chase Bank parking lot on August 18th, 2023. So he's going under the prison, okay? Probably going to die in there. He approached the driver, pointed the gun at him, and demanded the driver put the money in the bag.


Of course the driver gave it up. Why wouldn't he? He gave him the duffle bag full of cash. Malcolm grabbed the bag, fled the area made off with $145,000 in cash. Now that's a lick. Okay? Now this is where it starts to get really, really great though. Investigators said they recovered cash. They recovered the cash, the 145,000 from the robbery hidden inside a mini fridge at his house, okay? They found the 40 caliber pistol containing 10 rounds of ammo and the shirt he was wearing when he committed the felony. Okay? Oh, by the way, the empty brink bag, it was found inside the getaway vehicle. This is what happens when you're still robbing banks at 61 years old. Okay? See, lemme tell you something about this aging thing. I was born in 1,978.


I'm 46 years old. I'm at the age where I don't wanna do nothing extra, okay? That's why before I go to bed, I, I get my water. So I have it on the nightstand because there's no walking to the kitchen in the middle of the night. That's too much energy. Okay? I don, I got the energy for that. I got my tissue by the bed in case I gotta blow my nose, get something outta my nose. Ain't no walking to the bathroom for that. And you'll only get up and go to the bathroom when it's a real emergency. I'm saying all that to say he's 61, okay? 61 is too old to be trying to hide evidence that ain't happening. But lemme get back to the story. I know you may be thinking Markham is getting donkey today because he robbed a bank at 61 years old. No, that's just part of it. Let's go to CBS News LA for the report please. This is the picture. We have photos rather, I should say, of the person that they arrested.


This is actually security stills from the actual moments of the robbery going down. You see the guards there, the armored guard on the back. That's the suspect up there on the left. He allegedly pointed a gun at the, the armored car driver there and said, gimme all the money. He ultimately took over a hundred thousand dollars worth of cash from this armored bank. Now because of the help of the LAPD and the security cameras from the bank, they were able to get a picture of him and the car and ultimately take this man into custody. He is now facing those federal charges of robbing the courier here as well as bank robbery because of the robbery happened at a bank. Now here's the kicker in all this. I told you this had a twist. This guy has done this before. He was actually in prison in the eighties and nineties, sentenced to 46 years in prison for a same exact crime.


He requested a compassionate release 20 years early from when he was supposed to get out. The judge said he was at low risk of re-offending, but here we are. He's back in custody for the exact same thing. Now That man did 26 years in prison already. He was released on compassionate release in 2022 following a conviction for bank robbery and other firearms offenses in the mid nineties. Now, I'm not the highest grade of weed in the dispensary, but if he did 26 years and he's 61 and he came home in 2022, that means he was around 59. So he went to prison when he was 33. You went to prison when you was 33 for bank robbery and other firearms offenses. Did 26 years, got released for compassionate release and last week got sentenced for bank robbery and other firearms offenses.


Again, this proves jail is not a correctional facility, okay? Nobody can assist you in growing, evolving, changing, pivoting, whatever you want to call it. If it ain't in you, okay? If it ain't in you, it ain't in you. What? Islam not in the prison no more, huh? You get a second chance at life and you come home doing the same thing. Malcolm was sentenced to 46 years in 10 months in prison in 95. You got 20 years shaved off your sentence and you came home and gave the system a rerun. Either he got to be the dumbest human on the planet or he misses his boyfriend. He got A boyfriend, you Got, come on now he got a boo. Come on now. You know envy know. Alright?


Okay. You not gonna make me believe that a man did 26 years, not 26 months. 26 years and you come home doing the same exact thing that got you there. Nah bro. You miss getting your prostate tickled by little snake. Oh Lord. You miss getting that rusty anchor from your celly name side. Wanda, lemme tell you something. When you are blessed to receive another opportunity at life, you gotta make the most of it, okay? When God gives you a second chance, it's not something to take for granted. The reason they call it a compassionate release is because giving someone a second chance is an act of kindness and understanding. And everybody, I mean, everybody, every single person, everyone on this planet deserves a second chance, but not for the same mistake.


Please let Remy ma give Markham bond the biggest. He haw, he Haw, he haw you stupid mother, are you dumb? He probably thought compassionate release with something else. Well, you miss Diddy, you miss them parties, don't you? You miss, please stop. You miss the Diddy holiday party. Don't you just Stop. You never DJ one of them, right? Yes he did. I've never been, he was Working on his own drink. He was gonna have a brown do Ciroc. No. You know what that brown dot stood for? There's Only one person up here that's been to a Diddy Party and that is Lauren LaRosa. No, I ain't never That is Lauren LaRosa What She was doing? I have no idea Because nevermind, She's the only one.


She ain't have what they want. No way. Yeah, I was Ready to say she was safe. She was the safest one at the party, so, Alright. Unless his name used to be Lucas, You know her name. I'm sorry, her name. All right. Alright. Oh My God. Ayo. Unless our name used to be Lucas. Jesus. Alright, Well thank you for that donkey today. Now when we come back, let's open up the phone lines (800) 585-1051. What is your definition of a friend? Now this comes from the conversation earlier when Jess reported about Jay-Z and Diddy and yesterday they came out and said that they are not friends, allegedly.


So we're asking 805 8 5 1 0 5 1. What is your definition of a friend? People assume that they were friends. They seen the this is my bro and we toast and this, that, and the other. Yada yada y. Let's discuss. It's The Breakfast Club. Good morning. The Breakfast Club, Man. It's topic time. Call 805 8 5 1 0 5 1 to join into the discussion with The Breakfast Club. Morning everybody. It's DJ Envy. Just hilarious. Charlemagne, the guy. We are The Breakfast Club. If you're just joining us, this story comes from just with the mess. Breaking down Jay-Z's press conference yesterday where his attorney said that Jay and Puff are not friends.


They were business associates. So we wanted to ask 805 8 5 1 0 5 1. What is the definition of being a friend? I think people assume they were friends. Yeah. Just because you've seen the pictures they've been in. They worked with each other so many times. You've seen the toast and they're my brother this, my brother that. So I think people assume that they were friends. So let's ask, what is the definition of of friend? Let's start with you Jess. To me, You know, my definition by experience is just somebody that you can confide in. Somebody that knows you like you. You can't really call them a friend unless they know your family. You, we have, You know, and, and then we argue, but then we get right back to You know who we are. I trust you. Like I can tell you, I don't tell nobody anything, everything but You know, it's just the word friend gets thrown around, especially in the industry a lot.


And that's, I've said this before up here, You know, and, and made people upset behind it. But it is what it is. If I don't know, it's the difference between being an associate and, and a a close associate. The World Is constantly changing. It's up to you to decide how to respond. Choose to be bold to try something new. Choose to reinvent yourself. That's what Nissan did with the all new totally reimagined kicks. The dynamic new exterior styling immediately announces that Nissan isn't messing around the interior. A completely redesigned cabin with premium features like wireless Apple call play and a panoramic moonroof make driving a kicks immersive and exciting. And with new performance and safety features, like intelligent all-wheel drive, the kicks is both fun and safer to drive than ever before.


It is the dawning of a brand new era for the Nissan Kicks. Only one question remains. Is it a new era for you as well? Drive the all new Reimagined Nissan Kicks today. Available Features compatible device service and consumer activation of Nissan Connect Services. Package required use only when safe and legal subject to third party service availability for more information, see Nissan usa.com/connect/legal. Apple CarPlay is a trademark of Apple Link. Intelligent all-wheel drive cannot prevent collisions or provide enhanced traction in all conditions. Always monitor traffic and weather conditions. The holidays are about spending time with your loved ones and creating magical memories that will last a lifetime. So whether it's family and friends you haven't seen in a while, or those who you see all the time, share holiday magic this season with an ice cold Coca-Cola.


Copyright 2024, the Coca-Cola Company. This is it your moment. This is your time to make your comeback with Purdue Global. When you come back with a Purdue Global degree, you create opportunity for yourself, your family, and your future. It's a degree you can be proud of, a degree that employers will trust and respect Purdue Global offers working adults like you. Over 175 flexible degree programs to meet your specific career goals. These include associate, bachelor's, master's, and doctoral degrees and certificates. Purdue global degree programs range from nursing to business to communication and more. Whatever your interests, we have the degree that will move you forward.


You have the knowledge, you have the experience. Now it's time to get credit for the work you've done and earn the recognition you deserve with Purdue Global, Purdue's Online University for working adults. You know you're worth it. We do too. So don't wait another second to get the degree that will take your career to the next level. Start your comeback today@purdueglobal.edu. What's up y'all? This is Quest Love. And I'm here to tell you about a new podcast I've been working on with the story Pirates and John Glickman called Historical Records. It's a family friendly podcast. Yeah, you heard that, right? A podcast for all ages. One you can listen to and enjoy with your kids. Starting on September 27th, I'm going toss it over to the host of historical records, ne to tell you all about it.


Make sure you check it out. Hey y'all, Emini here. I'm the host of a brand new history podcast for kids and families called Historical Records. Historical Records brings history to life through hip hop. Fast slam. Another one gone. Bam, another one gone. The Cracker the bat and another one gone. A tip for the Cap is another one. Gone. Each episode is about a different inspiring figure from history like this one about Claudette Colvin, a 15-year-old girl in Alabama who refused to give up her seat on the city bus nine hold months before Rosa Parks did the same thing. Check it. And You know, You know, I wouldn't give seats nine months before.


Rosa. Get the kids in your life excited about history by tuning into historical records. Because in order to make history, you have to make some noise. Listen to historical records on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts. Hey everyone, it's John, also known as Dr. John Paul. And I'm Jordan or Jo Ho. And we are the Black Fat Film podcast. A podcast where all the intersections of identity are celebrated. Ooh, chat. This year we have had some of our favorite people on, including Kid Fury, ts Madison, Amber Ruffin from the Amber and Lacey Show, Angelica Ross and Moore.


Make sure you listen to the Black Fat Fan podcast on the iHeartRadio app. I a podcast or wherever you get your podcasts, girl. Ooh, I know that's right. And then an actual Friend, right? You know what I'm saying? If, if Diddy wasn't hanging out at Jay-Z House, he wasn't around the kids and all that type. Can't say he a friend. You know what I'm saying? If they ain't kicking outside of business, that don't mean they friends. You know what I'm saying? They weren't friends. Charlie man. Oh, what's a friend? That's an interesting question. I mean, I think a friend. I think being a friend is a verb. You know, it's an action. Not sure if it's something you can explain, but if I did try to explain it, I would say a friend is someone you can, You know, travel down the road and back again with their heart is true.


They're a pal and a confidant. If they threw a party is is Golden Girls, You know, invited everybody Or not. They would see the biggest gift would be for me. And You know, the card detachment would say thank you for being a friend. That's what I would say. This Guy's a golden girl over yo, He's a golden girl over there. I just made all that lyric. Golden girl, Are you crazy? I just freestyled. Oh my goodness. I was off the top Of the head. Nah, dang. Yeah, but I, I think, I think a friend is somebody that you can trust and yeah, you don't need to be able to call 'em every day. They don't need to necessarily be at your house every weekend, but somebody when they need you, they're in your corner or you are in their corner. That's what I think a, a friend Is. That's why you stop having sex with people who not your friends. And I really truly mean that because I don't think that y'all really be thinking about what sex is.


So you letting somebody get inside of you, you letting somebody sweat in you, you might potentially have a baby from this person. You putting your body on top of this person's body, that person better be a friend. 'cause if you doing all of that with somebody you don't trust, that's crazy. So is this related to the topic? This the sex and the friends? I don't Know, Charlamagne just throw everything inside So damn well they ain't say nothing about them two, two Niggas having sex. No, but I just like I all of y'all definitions is what I'm saying. Oh yeah. All of y'all definitions are friends. So I'm just saying you should only do, if you going give up your body to somebody, it should be to a friend. What about you buddy? Okay. Huh? Hello? Who's this? Hey, it's Renee from Newark Brick City, Renee from Brick City, Newark.


What's happening in Brick City? What's up Newark? Let's talk about friends. Yeah. Charlemagne, I missed you at the opening of your Astoria. Well pull up. We doing the first annual Astoria Christmas toy drive. So you can go there and drop off your unwrapped toy at Astoria. 7 9 9 Broad Street in Newark. I'll be there for that. Okay. Okay, see you then. Yep. Good morning. Good morning. DJ E Good, good morning, dad with the mask. Good morning baby. Now we talking friend. How you guys doing this morning? We're great. Less black and Holly Finn. Yeah, So, yeah. Yep. So my definition of friend is someone who they're not looking, You know, I'm not looking even more so, and as odd as they may seem when we fall out, that's not your opportunity to, You know, back me and to share my most inner thoughts and secrets.


Something that I'll share with you, You know, and confidence as a confidant. So it, although things may not always work out with best friends or friends, even if we're not, that's still a, like a part of the contract. I think we lost her. Yeah. Sorry, Renee. She right though. Yep, she right. I mean I, I think at the end of the day, what everybody's just saying that being a friend is a verb, it's a action. Like, Yeah, but I think a lot of people take that friend word very loosely, right? Yeah. Because You know, if you always see it all the time, my friend, as soon as we not friends anymore, what's the first thing they do? A lot of people, they start Kicking your back in. Boom line, kick your back in, tell your secrets. Never Liked how you Dressed. They was never your friend.


I just fell out with somebody who I thought was my, what'd you say? Hey, You know what? Mm, Answer the phone. Hey Whitney. Hey. Hey you guys, how are you? Good morning. We're talking about friends now you got, what's your definition of a friend? So To me, my definition of a friend is someone that genuinely cares about you. Someone that considers what you have going on, checks in on you. So to me, all relationships are a two-way street. And if your friend isn't at least matching the energy or effort that you put in, then I, that's when it's time to look it over. Okay? That's real, man. Yeah. Thank you Whitney. 805 8 5 1 0 5. This is real.


We're asking what's the definition of a friend? What is your definition of a friend? Let's discuss this. The Breakfast Club. Good morning. If y'all talking about it, You know, we talking about it. It's topic time. Call 8 5 8 5 1 5 1 to join into the discussion with The Breakfast Club. Morning everybody. It's DJ Envy, Jess, hilarious Charlamagne de Guy. We are The Breakfast Club if he just joining us. This conversation actually comes from Jay-Z. His attorney yesterday said that Jay and Puff were never friends. They were business associates, but never friends. So we're asking what is the definition of a friend?


It's harsh man. I mean, like, you gotta ask a lot of questions like, You know, what about your friends? Will they stand their ground? Will they let you down? Are they going to be low down? Will they ever be around? Would they let you drown? Oh, would they turn their backs on you? That's what about you? That's TLC. What about your friend Tlc? Bro, I'm making yo, what y'all talking about? You're running out things to say. So you're resorting the lyrics. Like, yo, stop. This is, this is all me, but I think, I think That the, the best, the best time to see who your friend is, is when you're going through something, right. Because your friend's gonna stand by you regardless. You know what I mean? They gonna make sure you, You know, they hold you up and make sure whether it's a breakup, whether it's a death in the family or whatever it may be. Your friend's gonna be by your side.


Yeah. Right? Oh, he might let you hold that down on your own because you need to learn. You been trying to tell your dumb ass for a long time. That's a real friendship. Right? That's, that's a real Too. But they still there though. They're just gonna let you learn. Hello? Who's this? Yo, what up though? This What up though? Talk to us. What's a friend? Shit? What's a friend man, first lemme shout out my two homeboys, man. They real good friends. They always there for, And I can't be there. Shout out to Chris and my homeboy, my homeboy. Check man, I'm come through. So just this past weekend, my homeboy Chuck, I had an incident where my daughter had a chair bleeding And I was out of, I was outta state and he was, he just happened to be working with the guy, that wife that run the cheerleading thing.


So he, the guy called me was like, yeah, You know, your daughter didn't due for the cheer. I didn't know because my daughter didn't tell me until like the last minute. So I was like, yeah, You know what I'm saying? I'll make the payment next week or whatever. The guy texted me back like, Hey, somebody said Merry Christmas, they paid your debt. I'm like, who paid my debt? He like, yeah, a guy named Chuck said he your friend. He didn't even tell me or nothing. He just did it out. The kindness of his heart. I just thought that was dope. Oh Man, that's dope. That's a true Friend's And I, And I think a lot of, I think like you said, friends who pull up for you when you can't be there. I got a lot of friends when I'm on the road. They pull it up to my kids' game. They pull it up to my, my, my daughter's dance competition. If my wife is going out somewhere in the city, they'll make sure they, they go out with her to make sure she's safe. So yeah, my friends definitely do that.


That's Right. What made it even crazier though? I owe some money and he still did. That's the real friend there. That's your friend friend. Yeah, it is. That's, That's What it, bro. But shout out to y'all too, man. And congratulations Jess on your baby and everything. Thank you honey. Y man. Keep being the menace man. But forget them Democrats. Okay. Alright. Well what's the moral of the story guys? I mean, the moral of the story is friends. Yeah. How many of us have them? Oh my god. Friends ones we can depend on. Let's be friends. Friends That's with Dini. I'm not saying how many of us have them. What y'all talking? That's that Charlemagne ain't no Houdini. Mm.


Okay. All right, before we go any further, mm, let's be friends. That's all I'm saying. Like, You know what I'm saying? All Aint you gonna be facing the lawsuit so you keep stealing the alerts All you need, Stop playing on the damn time. Jesus Christ. Alright. Right. We got just with the mess coming up. Yes, We do. Ashanti might be pregnant again. I, I ain't wanna say, but like she might be You might be. Yes. Okay. And I remember Fat Joe was like, You know, he was up here and he was like, I run my mouth. Well I run my mouth too And I, from what? I, I don't know. We gonna see. Okay, we'll get into that Nexus. The Breakfast Club. Good morning. The Breakfast Club. Let me be the first to tell you that UMG or whatever Drake is saying happened to not like us. Definitely happened for this record.


I'm too sexy. I'm too sexy. Whatever P ps that he says not like us got definitely got for this record And a twosie slot. It's Not definitely two slot. Well, It's not his record. This is Thug's Record. This is his record. This is all his album. This thug's record. This record went number one. Oh, I'm thinking ski. We still playing it now. Oh yeah, Yeah, yeah. I was thinking ski ski Ski is fired. That's my, yeah, ski is fire. All those bottles of tequila, you See them? Yep. These are bottles of tequila bottles that Lauren has drank over the time I was on maternity. That all Kevin Hart's tequila. Have you had a sip of any of those? You need To send her a Box. Me neither. Lauren Roast drank all those bottles. Lauren drank all of those. All those bottles. Yeah.


Well throughout the, the, the time span of me being Gone. That's why she in here with the Duck Dynasty dressing Beyonce boots on Shut up. She drunk, let's say Boots. Let's get just with the Don't do no Worldwide on The Breakfast Club. She's a cultureship. She was able to get y'all to see something and understand something that nobody could get you to see. It's time to set it door. All right. So Nelly's annual ball. Okay. So he had his annual black and white ball on Sunday in St. Louis. Where I will be this week and get your tickets.


I will be at the Helium Comedy Club. We got two shows on Friday, two shows on Saturday, and they're almost sold out. So get your tickets@justofficial.com. Okay. And he didn't do the ball last year. He brought it back this year and he did, he bought it back to do a fundraiser for the Make-A-Wish Foundation and scholarships for Harris State University. So that's what's up your drop a clue bomb. But a good brother. That's right. Shout Mo. And at the Ball, Nelly and the St. Lunatics, we're giving the key to the city. We got audio for that. You've had an amazing year and an amazing career. And when I say there are times of when I ran for mayor, I said I wanted to put St. Louis back on the map. But I think we can all agree in this room that Nelly has put St.


Louis on the map and because of that we wanna give him his flowers here. And so it is my honor to present you with a key to the city. Yeah. That Thing ain't right. We wanna just thank you for all that you do for our community. I ain't nothing about to say lunatics. Jesse, you said Nelly and the St. Lunatics got a key to the city Because they did. It is just, they just, they just got the Nelly part. I didn't hear him say nothing about Nelly And I didn't hear it either. But Nelly and the St. Lunatics were giving The key to St. Luna to the city. Yo. Okay. Yep. Yep. Ashton, I mean Ashton, my son, Jesus Christ. Okay. Thinking about, talking about Talking about you right now. Yes. Ashanti and Nelly, they also had a cute moment where they perform the song Baby, baby baby together on stage.


We Made a baby baby, we baby, baby baby. Me and you, we made a baby. Baby. They just having Us hard. Yeah. Damn Was hard drop wanna include Mom and Nel, they just enjoying their life. Yep. And they were laughing and dancing and then Nelly said, we made a baby, baby, baby, baby. You know? And remember back in November it was rumors about them having a second child or whatever. And in the interview we also had them like hinting at another baby and they laughed and Nelly pretty much pleaded the fifth after they asked him about it. Like, but people don't understand when you do stuff like plead the fifth or you be like, eh, or eh, or like you make a dumb sound before just saying no or I don't wanna talk about that or whatever.


You're, you're making it more suspect like Yeah, we know. Can I ask a question though? What the, why that couldn't just have been about the baby they just made two months ago about the baby baby baby or the other baby? Yeah, just made a baby baby because he Was rubbing our stomach. We made a baby. Baby, baby. They just had one. I, I don't think the baby's two months old is it? I don't know. I think so. Okay. Three. But Either way maybe you're extremely fertile after you have a baby, baby, baby. So it could be another baby, baby baby in there. I keep Saying baby, baby, Baby, baby. Because that's what they, that's what they did. I Don I don know you're not pregnant again right now. That's True. I don't know. You are married, don't Mexican. No. And now we got these prenatal laws in New York. I don't know. Anyway. Anyway. And also, look, when Fat Joe was up here, lo Low had asked him about it and this is what he said, They were saying that Ashanti's having another baby.


Mm. Is that happening? Ah, see I don't think so, but I wouldn't put it past it. That's the problem that the problem I think I got lied. That was long as hell. Pause. There wasn't no sound effect on that. Yeah, it play that again. Play it again again. They were saying that Ashanti's having another baby. Is that happening? Oh, so you don't remember that? You Yeah, I remember that was sitting there. Y'all putting some sauce on that one? Y'all put some sauce on on that one? No we didn't. I don remember that. You don't Even paused that. I was like, ain't nobody say pause and nobody follow Up. What was that? Yeah, But, but he said he may have a big mouth.


He said that they lied. They may have lied to him. They may have told him like, no, ain't no baby. Just for the sake of his mouth being big. And he might come up here and say something or he might say something anyway before they say something. That's true. You know, it is what it is. All right, moving on. Ariana Grande and Cynthia Arrivo. So Ariana recently spoke to Jessica Shaw for the Sag after foundation and during the conversation Ariana spoke on her relationship with CoStar, Cynthia Aribo. We talk a lot about this pact that we made to take care of each other and to be really honest with each other about anything that were to come up. But I don't think people really get how granular like we got and how fully we mean that. Like we sat there and You know, when I got my contract, I called her And I was like, Hey, let's go through this thing.


Like let's go beat per beat through this together and make sure that we are aligned in what we need. Because if you need something, we need it together. I want us to have each other's backs. Like your problems become my problems and mine become yours. I love that. I love it. Dope. That's exactly why I picked this story to do. Like, yo, it actually speaks to the fact that, You know, it's been always been a thing that women automatically just get less than men, but then black women get even less than that. You know what I mean? So I love that she took the time out to say that and then there had been rumors of a huge pay gap anyway between Cynthia and Ariana. Yes. And You know where those rumors came from, the goddamn internet. That's why I'm it sure did. So glad that they dispelled the internet and always making the internet look stupid because they don't never know what they talking about.


They said Grand got 15 million and she got 1 million I think it was. Yep, yep. And yep, that's what, that's what it said. And then a spokesperson for the production company did say it was because of the internet. And it said that reports of pay disparity between Cynthia and Ariana are completely false and based on internet fodder. And I bet You know, that was a white person fodder. And I bet you the internet don't even believe it. No. They like, that's not true. That's not true. Y'all sure y'all ain't get paid the same like, y'all know. But I'm glad they did. I'm glad they were able to come together and figure that stuff out. That's dope. Yo, but check this out. Yo, the movie did so good. It already made 520 million globally on a budget of 150 million. They already made the money back and all that already. You know, and heading into the holiday season, that's kind of hard to do because this, this is actually the eighth, what is it?


It's the eighth highest grossing film of 2024. And, and this makes the, and this also the highest grossing odds related film. And around the holidays it's kind of hard to do that because people wanna be home watching, like Home Alone and Christmas movies and stuff like that. You know, That's, I trying to get out. It's difficult for people to go out, like, You know, that's what I'm saying, like Clarissa Shields movie comes out on on December 25th on Christmas. On Christmas Day. It's gonna be difficult 'cause it's like, do people go out? Yeah. Like Charlemagne says he's taking his daughters, but I'm not, I'm not leaving my house Christmas. I'm not leaving my house on Christmas either. So that's kind of hard. But I'm happy that they actually pulled it off and shout out to Arianna for even just doing that, being there for her. But the interviews, they, they're like, they're like so in sync. I be think, I think they shrooming, You know, I think they on Shrems interesting because they're always just so in touch with their emotions, You know?


And like they speak to each other mentally some type of way, You know, and they take care of each other and like, like Cynthia without even asking Arianna can always tell when something's wrong and then vice versa. Like it is crazy when you, I've been on that type of, hey Bluetooth Situation with my sister and my boyfriend when I'm streaming with them. It's like you speak to them telepathically some type of way. So you're saying it's a, a synergy between, what's her name? Cynthia. Cynthia Arrivo. Cynthia. Cynthia Arrivo and Arian Friday. Yeah, absolutely. Absolutely. Watch every interview. They be crying. They be just snotting and all and they be wiping each other tears and looking at each other's eyes. Oh Yeah, Lena, They finna take each each other down. But Ariana, you stupid. It's only a matter.


It's only a matter. Yo. Little JayZ man. Chill. I swear she looked like Jay-Z. Yo. I swear. Lean away Man. Shut up man. I swear what That was just with the mess that when we come back we got the People's Choice mix. Don Movies, it's The Breakfast Club. Good morning. Morning. Everybody's DJ Envy Jess. Hilarious. Charlamagne the guy. We are The Breakfast Club. I just wanna tell you guys, if you get a chance, check out. My wife has a cooking show where she's cooking a bunch of the stuff that she eats that we cook at home today. She cooked Esko snapper and Es excavate Lobster. Lobster. Yes. And it was good. You liked it. It was very Good festival. She cooked sweet plantings, vegetables and all that stuff. She sent the plate up for you. Not a playboy. She sent a Tupperware.


The nice Tupperware too. The one I'm gonna keep you Gonna keep that Ware. I'm thank you again. Okay. Yeah, she sent one up for you and, and Lauren, she was like, just let me know how it tastes. So yeah, she be on there when I went left this morning, she just at finish at 5:00 AM so dang she be on her ish sometimes. That's right. And salute to Paul Wall for joining us this morning. Paul Wall stop through his album is out right now is called Once Upon A Grind. Yeah. Salute to Paul Wall Man, make sure you check out his album Once Upon a Grind. You know Paul drops like every year. Yes. He drops some type of album or something every year. Mm, that's right. And listen, I wanna tell everybody in Orangeburg, South Carolina this Friday, I'll be down there for the grand opening of Crystal. You know, me and my wife opened up a crystal franchise in South Carolina. We got like five of 'em, but the first one is opening in Orangeburg. It's already opened, opened December 9th. So everybody that's been pulling up the Crystal, but we having the grand opening 10:00 AM to 2:00 PM this Friday, 1486 Chestnut Street, Orangeburg, South Carolina.


My good brother dj frosty.com will be providing the soundtrack. We got a free, free food samples, we got prizes, all types of stuff, man. So we'll see you this Friday from 10:00 AM to 2:00 PM at Crystal in Orangeburg, South Carolina. All right. Now when we come back, we got the positive notice, The Breakfast Club. Good morning. Listen, the Positive Note is simply this, for everybody who's always worried about the opinions of others, discover yourself. Okay? Discover yourself. Otherwise you have to depend on other people's opinions. And they don't know nothing about themselves. Have a blessed day. How you gonna say somebody don't know nothing about themselves because They don't Breakfast Club Bitches? Do y'all Finish or y'all done?


Hey everyone, it's John, also known as Dr. John Paul. And I'm Jordan or Jo Ho. And We are the Black Fat Film Podcast. A podcast where all the intersections of identity are celebrated. Ooh, shot. This year we have had some of our favorite people on, including Kid Fury, ts Madison, Amber Ruffin from the Amber and Lacey Show, Angelica Ross and more. Make sure you listen to the Black Fat FM podcast on the iHeartRadio app. I have a podcast or wherever you get your podcasts, girl. Ooh, I know that's right.


Hey, y'all. Emini here. I'm the host of a brand new history podcast for kids and families called Historical Records Executive produced by Questlove, the Story Pirates and John Glickman historical records brings history to life through Hip Hop Smash Slam. Another one Gone. Ba bam, another one gone. The Cracker the Bat, and another one gone. A Tip Bud. A Cap is another one. Gone. Each episode is about a different inspiring figure from history like this one about Claudette Colvin, a 15-year-old girl in Alabama who refused to give up her seat on the city Bus nine hold months before Rosa Parks did the same thing. Check it. And Did You know? You know, I wouldn't give nine months before Rosa cla, get The kids in your life excited about history by tuning in to historical records. Because in order to make history, you have to make some noise. Listen to historical records on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts.


Yo, what up? It's your girl Jess. Hilarious. And I think it's time to acknowledge that I'm not just a comedian. It's time to add Uncertified therapists to my credentials because each and every Wednesday I'm fixing your mess on Carefully Reckless on the Black Effect Podcast network got problems in your relationship. Come to me, your best friend Acting Shady. Come to me, thought you was the father, but you not come to me. I can't promise I won't judge you, but I can guarantee that I will help you. Listen to Carefully Reckless on the Black Effect podcast network, iHeartRadio App, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts.


At and t Connecting Changes everything. Hi, I'm Danny Shapiro, host of the HIT Podcast, family Secrets. How would you feel if when you met your biological father for the first time, he didn't even say hello? And what if your past itself was the secret and the time had suddenly come to share that past with your child? These are just a few of the powerful and profound questions we'll be asking on our 11th season of Family Secrets. Listen to season 11 of Family Secrets on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts.


Hey guys, I'm Kate Maxx. You might know me from my popular online series, the Running Interview Show where I run with celebrities, athletes, entrepreneurs, and more. After those runs, the conversations keep going. That's what my podcast Post Run High is all about. It's a chance to sit down with my guests and dive even deeper into their stories, their journeys, and the thoughts that arise once we've hit the pavement together. Listen to post Run High on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts.