
Life is an act of constant reinvention that's true for you and for cause. Nissan Reimagined the all new kicks around you. The Bowles Personal plus sound system with speakers in the headrest keeps you in the groove while the Nissan Safety Shield 360 technologies keep you safe. If Nissan invented the kicks, you can reinvent yourself. Drive the all new Reimagined Nissan Kicks today. Available features compatible device service and consumer activation of Nissan Connect Services. Package required use only when safe and legal subject to third party service availability For more information, see Nissan usa.com/connect/legal. Apple CarPlay is a trademark of Apple Link. Intelligent all-wheel drive cannot prevent collisions or provide enhanced traction in all conditions. Always monitor traffic and weather conditions.


Taking control of your career is empowering. Just don't tell my boss I said that. Building a career just isn't about a job. It's about creating a path that impacts our community and future generations. Whether you're starting out or making big moves, State Farm is here to support you with resources to help protect what you're working hard to achieve. They've got your back every step of the way because like a good neighbor State Farm is there. Find out more at State Farm dot com.


At t has a new guarantee because most things in life are not guaranteed. In a world where nothing is guaranteed, at and t is bringing something new to the table. At t is introducing a guarantee. With connectivity, you depend on deals you want and service you deserve, or they make it right. Learn more at att.com/guarantee. At t connecting changes everything, terms and conditions apply. Visit att.com/guarantee for details.


American Public University understands the challenges of balancing education with a busy ever changing life. Whether you're part of a military family managing PCS moves or a working professional juggling career and family, A PU offers the flexibility you need to succeed. Deliver online a's programs. Make it possible to learn wherever life takes you. And courses are offered in eight and 16 week formats with monthly start dates so you can begin when it's convenient and progress at a pace that's comfortable for you. A PU is committed to making education affordable for everyone. For active duty, military and their families, the preferred military rate is just 250 per credit hour. Veterans and their families can benefit from the Veteran Grant, which provides 10% off undergrad and master's level tuition. And for everyone else, the Opportunity Grant offers the same 10% tuition savings, making higher education within reach for all. Visit ap.aps.edu/military to learn more American public University education that moves with you.


Good food. Turn it down. Damn Yo. Yo yo yo. Yo. Yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo, yo yo. Hey, good morning. Just hilarious. Good Morning. Yo. Charlemagne the guy. Peace to the Planet. It's Tuesday. Good morning. You know, just your friendly neighborhood nationally, syndicated. Morning show talk that talk. You know, I'm sure that this local morning shows that sound better. Yes. Okay. Slew to all of y'all, sir. That is right. Trust me. It ain't, it ain't what it appears to be. Okay. Well come on. Just, it is a live show, so All right. Things happen. It's happening. Yeah. What's Start? Yo Emini here. Don't get him started. Yeah. Emini here.


Yeah. Nobody cares. Whatever. Good morning, all. Good morning, Jess. How are you feeling? Good Morning. I'm good. Welcome back. Thank you. How was New Orleans? New Orleans is crazy. It was. It was crazy. What the Game? Huh? You went to the game? No, I did not go to the game. Did you eat all, every day. I was down there. Did you go to Morrow's? Yeah. From the sixth to, from the sixth to the 10th. Yes. I ate at Morrow's. I ate at Mondays. 'cause he got another restaurant. Mondays I ate at yo a a, a lot of different places. Dope. But it was good. It was lit. Yo, lemme tell you something. New Orleans. That's where everybody decide to cheat at or something. Really? Yeah. Why you say that? And I'm telling you, man, people were saying me and they was with they little side chicks and I'm like, yeah, I did report that you had a girlfriend who they, You Know what Emini here.


Really? I'm talking about eyes dilated. They see me. I'm like, look, I ain't knowing that. Oh. So when people See you, they running the other way now. But listen, Ducking, would you down there who you supposed to be with, But listen to Absolutely Don't play with me. But, but the side chicks love Jess. So they wanna come and speak and all that. And the niggas is, nah, don't, Don't talk to her because she do just with the mess. That's right. You should have seen some of their faces. Yeah, because I saw something you posted in your story the other day. I was like, what the hell that mean? Hold lemme see if I can find it. What was that? Oh, let me see if I can find It. I was coming at somebody sign because I was No, you said something about, you said something about cheating when you see your side dude. Yeah. You poked Beyonce meme and you look like when I see both my dudes in public. Oh, Oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh. Hey. Yo. That's funny. That was just a funny meme.


Oh, okay. That I had posted. Just making sure You look refreshed this morning though, to be out here raising a newborn. Absolutely. Thank you. You look High though. I am. I okay. Alright. Not you look high. You look just a little bit. Alright, well Tamika Mallory will be joining us this morning. She has a new book I live to tell the story. Yes. Her new book, I live to tell the story, A memoir of Love, legacy, and Resilience is out to date via Black Privilege. Simon and Schuster Publishing. And she will be here to talk all about it. Her last book was State of Emergency. Right. That was more of a guide to help us get through that particular time that we were in. That's right. In 2020. 2021. But this book is actually her memoir. That's right. So we'll be talking all about it. Was She, is she related to Sherry? She, I don't know you. I don't think so. Where You get that from?


They They favor You think So? The comedian, Let me look. Sure. Yeah. Like that could be like our little sister. Like Tamika could be our little sister. I don't think they related to me. I don't think they're related. Interesting. Okay. I don. I don't think so. Alright, Well let's get the show crack. We got front page news a lot to discuss in front page news. And then get it off your chest please. You can start getting on the phone lines right now. (800) 585-1051. If you need to vent, if you need to get some things off your chest, you can call us up right now. But front page news is next. It's The Breakfast Club. Good morning. Morning everybody. It's DJ nv Jess. Hilarious. Charlemagne the guy. We are The Breakfast Club. Let's get in some front page news. Good morning, Morgan Envy, Charlemagne and Jess.


How y'all Feeling? Good. Blessed black and highly favored. What up Morgan? Oh, I love it. I love to hear that. Okay, so the latest on front page news is there's yet another aviation accident. Before I get into that, let's check in with the Trump administration. So Hamas is suspending a planned hostage release for this weekend after it claimed Israel is not following the terms of their ceasefire agreement. A Hamas officials said there have been numerous violations, which they said include delaying the return of displaced Palestinians to Northern Gaza, not allowing supplies to enter the strip and gunfire in various parts of the region. Now the militant group said because of this, the hostage exchange that's set for Saturday is postponed until further notice. Now Israel said the development is a complete violation of the ceasefire and hostage deal that they struck before.


Now, yesterday afternoon, president Trump spoke from the Oval Office saying he would call for an end to the ceasefire deal if Israel and Hamas between Israel and and Hamas. If every Israeli hostage is not released from Gaza on Saturday, let's hear more from President Trump. As far as I'm concerned, if all of the hostages aren't returned by Saturday at 12 o'clock, I think it's an appropriate time. I would say cancel it and all bets are off and let hell break out. I'd say they ought to be returned by 12 o'clock on Saturday. And if they're not returned, all of them not in drips and drabs, not two and one and three and four and two Saturday at 12 o'clock.


And after that I would say all hell is gonna break out. What are your thoughts on that Emini Here? I don't know what the ceasefire agreement is, but I'm sure Trump would, Trump would rather give Israel the green light to wipe Gza out. Like Trump already told you he wants to take over the region and just place all the Palestinians so that don't sound like you know, they looking for peace. Also, if they go in and you know, wipe out the Gza script, won't they be hurting the hostages too? Absolutely. Yeah. Absolutely. Yeah, absolutely. So in a recent interview with Fox News, Brett Bayer Trump said Palestinians wouldn't be welcomed back to the Gaza Strip if they, if the US decided to take over the region because the conditions aren't livable.


And he also called it a demolition site. He believes that he could strike a deal with neighboring nations to take in displaced Palestinians, neighboring nations like Egypt and Jordan. Let's hear more from President Trump on Gaza. No they wouldn't because they're gonna have much better housing. Much better. In other words, I'm talking about building a permanent place for them. If they have to return now, it'll be years before you could have a, it's not habitable, it'll be years before it could happen. I think I could make a deal with Jordan. I think I could make a deal with Egypt. You know, we give them billions and billions of dollars a year. Now the president, he's not wrong about that. We, the US does provide Jordan and Egypt with billions of dollars in humanitarian aid.


But he does believe he could strike a deal with those nations and other, or other Arab nations. But so far they've pushed back saying the plan would be a violation of international law. Some Republicans say that they believe this plan is farfetched, but Trump will be meeting with the king of Jordan at the White House today. So we will see how that develops. And in political news relative to New York, the Department of Justice is set to drop a federal corruption case against New York City Mayor Eric Adams. That's according to a memo sent by acting Deputy Attorney General Emma Emil Bove that instructed the acting US attorney for the Southern District to dismiss the charges as soon as is practical charges were brought against Adams last year.


And what was the first prosecution of a sitting mayor in New York City history. So let's continue to watch out and see what happens to New York City Mayor Eric Adams. We knew that this was probably coming, but as he has aligned himself with the new administration, it seems as though that appears to be working in his favor. Well, I didn't know the charges was gonna be dropped. I thought that, you know, Trump would probably pardon Him. Pardon him after, pardon? Yeah, but you Know Pardon? After the fact. Yeah. But the mayor did tell top officials not to criticize President Trump and not to interfere with immigration enforcement. So I guess, you know, being on the side of Donald Trump has his privileges for somebody like Mayor Adams. Yeah. But the, the crazy thing is, is is when you look at the judicial system in the last, what, 10 days, 15 days?


There is none. Nobody gives an f. Like people do what? Whatever they wanna do. That's Not true. What are you talking about? He just pardoning all these people. No, no, no, no, no. He didn't even go through the judicial process. What? There's definitely a judicial system for regular mother, mother efforts like us. Right. Touche. Not for those individuals. That's what are you talking About? But that is wild Us. Your ass ain't getting no pardon? You right. Your ass ain't gonna get your charges trial. You Right. You ain't talking about, But, but, but it's crazy because if you align yourself with Trump or you have some political friends, you don't even gotta go to court. You could, you could do crime. And I, I guess maybe it has and we just haven't seen in, in our face. Like this ain't, but now it's in our face where it's like middle fingers up f it, it is what it is On both sides though. Yep. Literally on both sides. That's right.


I'm Still thinking about that guy's a scripting. I I really would like to talk to somebody way smarter than me about that. 'cause I don't know how any of those things work. But if you decided to give Israel the green light to wipe out the gods of script, like, 'cause you said all hell would break loose on what, 12 noon Saturday? Yes. If you would be, if if you did that you'd be taking out the hostages too, right? Yes. Like if you want the hostages to be returned slave safely, doesn't that defeat the whole purpose to have them just go wipe out the gods? The script. It's Almost like if I can't have him, you can't have me either. I have no idea. That's what It sounds like. I don't, I don't, I don't, I don't get that. All right. Well that is front page news. Thank you Morgan. Alright, talk to y'all at seven. Everybody else get it off your chest. 805 8 5 1 0 5 1 if you need to vent, phone lines are wide open again.


(800) 585-1051. Call us up right now. It's The Breakfast Club. Good morning. The Breakfast Club. Wake up. Wake up. This is your time to get it off your chest. We want hear from you on The Breakfast Club. Who's this? What's up? Envy? This is Marcus, man. Marcus, what's up? Where you calling from brother? I'm calling for a rape from North Carolina. What's up brother? Get it off your chest. No doubt. How you doing? Envy? I'm good. Ain't meant to see all, All all right. I'm calling. Holler up my man. Charlamagne the ferry man. I'm right here sir. How your mama doing?


Charlamagne, Charlamagne. Charmagne The ferry man. You can't, you can't go a week. You can't. Nah, he ain't the guy. He the ferry bro. Okay. Anything else? Charlamagne. You can't go a week without saying no gay stuff, bro. Facts. I better weak. I ain't say nothing gay. All we weak. Oh, that's why you are a fairy man. I ain't say nothing gay. All weak Man. You can't be the guy bro. Where you be talking bro? You sound like a fairy broh. You can't beat me up. Huh? Man, Come on man. You, you one 60 bro. You a little dude. You can't big guy bro. Talking about But can about you look like more Nu You, you look, you look more like what my man name Ru Paul. You look like Ru Paul out the all man. I never heard that one that was gay. You still can't beat me up.


No more chestnut. No more Chestnut. RuPaul. RuPaul is there. Is there anything else you'd like to say about my attractive features? 'cause you notice a lot of them, Man. I know you can't go a week without saying nothing about big stick to bubblegum. I know that. Bye Marcus. Y'all have a good day. You I love y'all. I love y'all. Tighten up man. I, yo you just said you love me tighten. You want tighter loose? He like, no, I'm done with this. Hello. Who's this? It's Mike from Louisiana, baby. What's y What's up Mike? What's happening Man? I wanna get her on my chest leave Lauren Lewis. Lord. She got a man. It's me. Oh, that's a damn lie.


Well, you know what, alone she do got a few prospects for Friday though. She acting like she don't, but she got afu. And yesterday she said it's a, it's a marathon as far as Valentine's Day is concerned. And you know, from what I've come on now, from what I've been told, a lot of participants in the marathon want to know what place they're in. Mm. What place I'm in. Lord, I just wanna Know. She not in here. I don't know what the hell know. What's your name? Tell us your name. Mike from Louisiana. Oh. She don't know you for real. Goodbye Mike. Sure. Man, you crazy Mike trying to get in the race. Yes Sir. Goodbye. Mike. Hello. Who's this? Hey, good morning. This is James calling from North Carolina.


What's up James? Get it off your chest. Yeah, Over the weekend, man. I checked out that documentary on Luther Vandross. I I didn't realize how much that that man's music played a part of my young life. I Emini here banger after banger after banger. That that man was really talented. Absolutely. What kind of que I never heard nobody say anything. I I I didn't know it was ever a question of whether or not Luther Vandross was talented. No, No, no. Not that far. Emini here. I know he, it, it was undoubted that he's talented. But you know, I didn't realize how much his music played a part in my life when I was growing up. Yes sir. Emini here. My parents always played his stuff, man. And I always loved his music.


But looking back at it, I was like, man, that that man, he had some bangers. He got too much. Never too much here. And now dance with my father. The is not a Home. So many records. Like too many. Yeah, man. And, And I, on top of that, I never realized he didn't have a significant other. He never had a significant other. Well I'm sure he did just that. You didn't Yeah. You didn't know who the person was. Well yeah, You didn't know who he was. Well, Well, he kept it close to the chest then because Wow. You didn't even know who he was. No, he was gay. It's so funny. What about people who ain't known? Well, Emini here, they talk about it in the doctor. Right. They talking about in the doc. He the doctor ain't about it. That's Why I said it. Oh wow. Yo said Well, he mentions, he mentions in the doc that he doesn't, he doesn't want to put his sexuality out there.


Yeah. By the way. I agree. It don't matter. I don't know when we got to this point in our society where we gotta know what everybody's doing in their bedroom. It don't matter. Like, you know, Luther Vandross music gonna slap regardless. That's right. Slap that ass. Have a good one. James. Never too much gonna slap regardless of he talking about, you know, penis, vagina, Jesus. You know, whatever it is. Get It off your chest. 805 8 5 1 0 5 1. If you need to vent, hit us up now. It's The Breakfast Club. Good morning. The Breakfast Club. This is your time to get it off your chest. Whether you're mad or blessed, have the same energy. We wanna hear from you on The Breakfast Club.


Hello. Who's this? Hey. Good morning Envy. How you doing? This is Wayne in Los Angeles. Good morning. What's up Wayne? Get it off your chest, brother. Yes, sir. First envy. I just want to say the outstanding job that you guys do is just go, I just don't have the words for it, but outstanding. And I just want to say Trump is headed towards being a full dictator now because this man is start ignoring federal judges' orders. And Vance is, you know, running point for him. And once that starts, it won't be no turning back from this dictatorship that this man is trying to go into.


And it's really time for us, the people, the remaining people to get out and protest, boycott, whatever we gotta do peaceful peacefully. And I emphasize that peacefully to make sure this man doesn't overturn this democracy that people like myself fought for. And even I'm sure people in you guys family fought for too. So I just want to say, you know, y'all are doing outstanding. Josh Charlamagne, that's my main man, just the hilarious. She's my beautiful queen. Thank you. And all the queens that come on that promote the news and everything, I really enjoy y'all.


God bless y'all. Oh yeah. Jess, your beautiful baby. A thousand kisses for her. Thank you. Y'all have a goal. Appreciate you brother. You, you know, you'd be, you'd be, he's not wrong at all. Like, you know, I was watching yesterday, I speak of Mike Johnson declined to say whether President Donald Trump and his administration should comply with court rulings. You know what, Emini here. So when you got an administration being sued on multiple fronts because Trump's dismissing federal employees and you know he's free, he is freezing a certain funds appropriated by Congress. They're saying they don't have to, they don't know whether they have to comply with court rulings. That lets you know, all you need to know right there. Hello. Who's this? What's up? Envy? Hey, What's up Trav? What's Up? Chilling, chilling.


What's going on? Jeff's going on. Or Lauren? I don't know who there. It's me. Oh, what's up Jeff? What's up? How you doing baby? What's up Shar? Peace sis. What's the word? I got a question for y'all. Yes. I've been coming up there for like, what about a good seven years now And I never got none of the gay accommodations that apparently y'all giving out there at The Breakfast Club. Wow. And I need to know what the gay accommodations are, what the benefits are of being gay and coming up to The Breakfast Club. Can y'all please let me know? 'cause I've been coming up there for a while now. Well, we got a different chair for gay people for, it's a chair that got like this, it's like a builtin dildo. Wow. Wow. So when sit on it, but you gotta press the button.


If you don't press the button, it won't shoot up. If you don't press the button. It stay Flat. Why? Why have I never been offered these tears? Sean Emini here. You Never, I don't know. You never asked for it. You shy. You. I, I, matter of fact, I'm not gonna say you. I don't you you didn't really say it yesterday. Shar kind of just put you in there. But men can't, like men can't actually be born gay. Ask me how I know. How Do you know? Because I'm a gay man that was born gay. I do think, I do think people are born gay. They did. I believe that. I've never been attracted to a woman at all. Like when it comes to like sexually attraction, like at all. Like I can't even get an erection All right off A woman. I only, it's only I believe people off men.


I believe people are born gay. I don't disagree with that. Yeah. I said I don't think everybody is born gay. I, I everybody No, some something can't be turned out. Yeah. Some men can definitely be turned out. Period. You got a story. Well, I, I wanna tell our story. I wanna tell our story. I'm not, first of all, you couldn't. First of all, first of all, I would be doing the turning out. That's number one. Okay. You couldn't never turn me up. God. Okay, all, let's be clear about that. Didn't Marcus just call This morning and say enough? Well, Trav is actually gay. Oh. So we're having a conversation. I'm just letting Trav know he couldn't turn me out. All right. I would turn him out. Bye Trav. Hello Trav. Oh, Mac is young. A you like how do you out gay?


A gay? You're so funny. But it Is true. Like I do believe people are born gay. But then I do believe that some people probably make a choice. Like, you know. Yeah. Depending on the circumstance, Not probably. Definitely do. Yeah. You, you've heard about people being gay for pay in prison? Some Oh My god, I wasn't talking in prison. In prison. Sometimes they make the choice for you. Right. Okay. I'm just saying. Yeah. All right, well get it off your chest. We got just with the mess coming up. Yes. Kendrick Streams going up and all people can think about is his shaping and his jeans, his shape and what Yes. Them Levis, the bell bottoms that he had on, he was very much a giving. But that's all people worried about. And this man's stream's going crazy and all that. Alright, Well we'll get to that next dope move. It's The Breakfast Club.


Good morning. The Breakfast Club Morning everybody. It's D EJ NV. Just hilarious. Charlamagne the guy. We are The Breakfast Club. Let's get to just with the mess. Music is real. Do No Jackson's Gonna bring you numbers Mess On The Breakfast Club. I don they know the difference. Kendrick so good in them jeans. Mm. In my, in my opinion, he, he look good. I the glutes was, you know, you gotta see how you work out. The glutes was tight and everything And I had the same Levi's. I had them, the bell bottom Levi's, they was fire. Well his are actually Celine, but d but but the glutes that they did, I swear when he turned around, I thought it was Levi's.


But yeah, it said crazy. So we looked the same in 'em down. You saw the shape. Well the, the shape and the glutes have helped him a lot because Kendrick Lamar dreamed for his 2024 song, not like Us actually soared to 430% on Spotify. The glutes helped him out with that. Oh yeah, girl, you know the body. When the body be body and the dude is supposed to do okay, you know how to go. And this was all, this all happened hours after his halftime performance at the Super Bowl, which is not uncommon. This happens with all the artists that take the Super Bowl stage. It's such a big stage. That's why they do it. The nine other songs he performed as a part of his 13 minute set reached into the double digits for 175% total gain. And this is according to data that was provided by the streaming service on Monday according to Spotify.


Now that's great for him. But there have been people still reacting Good, bad, indifferent to the performance. Yeah, to the performance. DJ Muster actually sat down, not sat down, but he called into Big Boy and LA the day after the Super Bowl performance and talked about the fact that DJ Mustard meant, I'm sorry, the fact that Kendrick Lamar mentioned the lawsuit on the stage. Let's take a listen to audio too. When I was actually watching it last night And I told the neighborhood, I said, you probably gonna get it and that's it. So when I saw that part coming, when he said about, you know, he want to do it, but you know, paraphrasing, they they like to sue. Yeah. I thought that's, what do I thought that was it? I actually never heard that. I actually never heard that part either.


I Emini here, I heard the part, but I never heard him say that. And I was like, ah, okay. That's hard. So you he good man. He's just really good. You didn't know. I was joking, I was joking with him that like in the, in like in like the middle of the week And I just was sending him a voicemail like, oh no, you believe I to do it. Girls Just Say I could do it. Yeah. So you hadn't heard that they love to Sue Park? Nah, no. Nah. He didn't say that. Nah. Hell no. So what did you I didn't, I didn't know he, he, he was doing his own thing. He Did catch that live the same way that we caught it live. Yeah. I think the whole, everybody's production, everybody. That was just something he had, I don't know. People you think Drake would double down on being a sucker ass or loser by suing the NFL? I don't think he would do that.


No. I don't think he'd sued the NFL. Probably not. And I, he did release a statement before the Super Bowl at Universal. He didn't come at the NFL. I don't know at this point. I think everybody is like fair. What was, what did he say? He, he basically said that they not backing down, they don't care that the, the song's about to go to the Super Bowl. Like they gonna keep doing what they doing because they have proof of what they're alleging. But I feel like at this point, since he done already did it and people already on him in Fight fair game. I wonder how many legal letters they sent the NFL just trying to get the NFL to stop Kendrick from doing that song beforehand though. I know they did. I know they did. You don't think they would've put that out? What? The Super Bowl? The NL would've put that out? That, you know. No. No, because There were reports to that. We talked about that a like a, a minute ago and like nothing surfaced from it.


But Muster actually talked about Drake too because Big Boy wanted to know, you know, how does he move forward? Let's take a listen to audio one Man with everything through the battle, the five Grammy nominations and as you said, man sweep Super Bowl. Yeah. What does what? And, And I know you can't speak for him. What the hell does Drake do after all this? Yeah, I don't know man. I actually don't think about what he could do. I have, I have no idea. I kind of try to stay aligned with just pure shit. Like, just being pure and being on the right side of things and not doing no tactics and gimmicks. I, I've, I've learned to not the tactics, the things that you do just to get attention.


You don't need to do that. Just make music man and make good music and you'll be fine. Hey man. So I don't know. I, I don't know what he would do. Now. There are some people who were Second, I ain't got no damn owl on my shirt be asking me what this man need to do for strategy. Right? Well a lot of people were saying that the Super Bowl performance was horrible. We already talked about that. But Nick Young sat down with Gilbert Arenas and that's so stupid That somebody could say that. Well, Horrible is a reach. Gilbert Arenas had a whole Emini here. Gilbert Arenas, I'm sorry Nick Young had a whole different take. Let's just take a listen to audio five. Number One, the rap game from overall like the best ever. All the best ever. Wow. And I'm glad he is outta California. Mm. It was tough to say 'cause I didn't like to put people over Tupac, but I think after that performance Kendrick is like, you put Kendrick over Tupac after the Super Bowl half time.


I don't wanna don't say it like that, but I'm saying Kendrick is the best. We we can we subtly you sub? No, say no how you, how you wanna say it? Introduce no, introduce it. No son. It happened last night. Kenrick Lamar. It was the greatest rapper ever. It was a 80 point, it was a 81 that was 81 last night. Sure. Nothing controversial about what he said. Nick always sound like he got over Tupac. I wasn't here when Tupac was here, but So you over Tupac. First of all, calm down Miss Extreme. Okay. Because that's what y'all like to do. Jump to extremes. I'm saying that there's nothing controversial about what he said because Kendrick is absolutely in the conversation. Whatever conversation you want to have, whoever you want to debate him against, he's absolutely in the conversation. I don't care if it's Jay Pac, biggie, whoever you think is the greatest Kendrick is in the conversation.


I'd be so surprised when everybody has these opinions because everybody can have their own opinion, right? Nick Young is not the top of the top when it comes to opinions. It's kind of like what that, that what Chappelle says is something happened. Like what did Ja Rule think? It's like, yeah, that's, everybody has an opinion. Nick Young might look at it one way, somebody else might look at it another way. But Kendrick is in the conversation. He is definitely in the conversation. Yeah. There's no debate. That's why without doubt there's nothing controversial about what he said. If you're arguing about Kendrick Lamar being the greatest rapper of all time, that's fine. That is a fair conversation. Absolutely he is a hundred percent is a conversation in the conversation. Well, the conversation was had now the conversation went from that to Ken Thick because that is what they're calling Kendrick now. Ken Thick Ken thick them Celine, I'm trying to tell you them Celine jeans and hit every, every Look at me. A little jealous now I know.


Look at me a little jealous now. I'm sure They got, I'm trying to figure out where did that come from? Uncle Thick was over there. Little jealous you didn't see you didn't. I know you saw him and them jeans at Them. Gay ass o fan page is doing that. Created Baby. I saw that headline essence. I seen it on some of the fat, like the Ls. I see, I seen that. That is just with the mess. Ken Thick. Thank you Jess. Thank you Laura. Now when we come back, we got front page news and then Tamika Mallory will be joining us. So don't go anywhere as The Breakfast Club. Good morning. Morning everybody. It's the J nv Jess. Hilarious. Charlamagne the guy. We are The Breakfast Club. Let's get back in some front page news. What's up Morgan? Man Aviation is, it's going crazy. I'm, we don't know what's going on over here. We got an accident over here, accidents over there, accidents everywhere. And it's just a sad thing that's happening.


Okay, so an unfortunate aviation accident happened yesterday in Scottsdale, Arizona. This time officials say a collapsed landing gear is the apparent cause of a deadly plane crash in Scottsdale airport near Phoenix. Now one of the jets involved belonged to Motley Crew lead Singer Vince Neal Airport spokesperson. Kelly Kester says the crash involved two business jets and she believes the accidents is the result of the equipment failure. Scottsdale Fire Department spokesperson Dave Folio says one person was killed in the crash and he detailed the scene. Let's hear more from those officials. At 1439 a Lear Jet aircraft on its arrival from Austin veered off the runway and collided with another jet, a Gulfstream 200 aircraft that was parked.


It appears that the left main gear failed upon landing, resulting in the accident. We had five patients we treated. One was a fatality, we had two immediates to that were transported to local trauma centers. We had one delayed patient and then one patient that refused treatment. So Scottsdale or TMZ reports rather that the Motley Crew lead singer Vince Neal. He was not on the plane, however his girlfriend was and she's currently in the hospital with broken ribs. Recovering Scottsdale Airport is just a few minutes from where the PGA's Waist Management Phoenix Open was held over the weekend as well. So you know, the calls are just too, too close. Switching gears back to DC Senators are set to vote on the nomination of Cash Patel to be the FBI Director.


Now Democrats were able to delay the nomination, citing his plan to shut down the agency's headquarters and reopen it as a Museum of the Deep State Now California Senator Alex Padilla, he's raised questions and concerns about cash Patel's ability to lead the FBI independently from the president. You know, FBI is supposed to be independent from that of the president. Now Padilla slammed Patel's opposition to universal background checks for guns and his support for civilian ownership of machine guns. Let's hear more from California Senator Alex Padilla.


In times of chaos and The World is constantly changing, it's up to you to decide how to respond. Choose to be bold to try something new. Choose to reinvent yourself. That's what Nissan did with the all new totally reimagined kicks. The dynamic new exterior styling immediately announces that Nissan isn't messing around the interior. A completely redesigned cabin with premium features like wireless Apple call play and a panoramic moonroof make driving a kicks immersive and exciting. And with new performance and safety features like intelligent All wheel drive, the kicks is both fun and safer to drive than ever before. It is the dawning of a brand new era for the Nissan Kicks. Only one question remains. Is it a new era for you as well? Drive the all new Reimagined Nissan Kicks today. Available features compatible device service and consumer activation of Nissan Connect Services. Package required use only when safe and legal subject to third party service availability For more information, see Nissan usa.com/connect/legal. Apple CarPlay is a trademark of Apple Link. Intelligent all wheel drive cannot prevent collisions or provide enhanced traction in all conditions. Always monitor traffic and weather conditions.


At&t has a new guarantee because most things in life are not guaranteed. Like actually getting the rental call you requested or your wedding turning out just like you dreamed it would. And someone making another pot of coffee in the break room after drinking the last drop of the last one. Yeah, don't get me started. Not guaranteed. In The World where nothing is guaranteed, at and t is bringing something new to the table. At and t is introducing a guarantee. With connectivity, you depend on deals you want and service you deserve or they make it right. So if you wanna know more about the at t guarantee, head to att.com/guarantee. At t connecting changes everything, terms and conditions apply. Visit att.com/guarantee for details.


Hey fam, if you like me, you're thinking about how to level up in your career, maybe you're fresh outta college, just start in your field or even look at the switch things up. Add, find your true calling. Whatever stage you're in, remember that this is your time to grow, to learn, and to build something that lasts. State Farm understands that early career development is key to long-term success. They've been a steady presence in our communities and they know that having the right support early on can make all the difference. State Farm is there to help you make smart moves and to help you get the coverage you need. We all know the journey to success is a marathon, not a sprint. It's about staying focused, staying grounded, and making sure you're protected every step of the way. Let's build our careers with confidence knowing that State Farm is there to support us just like they've always been because like a good neighbor State Farm is there. Find out more@stateforum.com.


American Public University understands the challenges of balancing education with a busy ever changing life. Whether you're part of a military family managing PCS moves or a working professional juggling career and family, A PU offers the flexibility you need to succeed. Deliver online a's programs. Make it possible to learn wherever life takes you. And courses are offered in eight and 16 week formats with monthly start dates so you can begin when it's convenient and progress at a pace that's comfortable for you. A PU is committed to making education affordable for everyone. For active duty, military and their families. The preferred military rate is just 250 per credit hour. Veterans and their families can benefit from the veteran grant, which provides 10% off undergrad and master's levels tuition. And for everyone else, the Opportunity Grant offers the same 10% tuition savings, making higher education within reach for all. Visit ap.ap.edu/military to learn more American public university education that moves with you.


Prices like this, the public deserves to see trusted leaders in the most important positions. So it's in that context that makes the nomination a potential confirmation of K Patel even more alarming. That's the kind of judgment you want at the FBI. I don't think so. So the Washington Post reported over the weekend that Patel was paid last year by a Russian film company that pushes both conspiracy theories and anti-Western views. Yeah, Yeah. Emini here. Emini here. Do you really want to confirm somebody who has an enemies list? Like, I don't know if y'all know s Patel got an enemy list. You got a roster of more than 60 individuals accused of being a part of the deep state.


Like do I don't think that's the a person you wanna put in somebody who's just coming in with an enemies list. Yeah, absolutely. And I, and you know, like you said, being able to actually work independent from the president, being able to actually work independent and you know, the whole point is justice. So, but this comes at the same time. Tulsi Gabbard is a step closer, closer to becoming the director of National Intelligence. She cleared a majority hurdle on Monday night when the US Senate voted along party lines to advance her nomination. The final vote to confirm her, the former, former Hawaii congresswoman is expected to be held later tonight or early on Wednesday elsewhere, the protester who was running around with the Palestinian and SUD Sudanese flags during Kendrick Lamars superb bowl halftime show.


He will not face any charges, no criminal charges. Anyways, new Orleans Police said in a statement, he was ejected from Caesar's Superdome by security, but he was not arrested. The man was a part of the performance and apparently hid the flag under his clothing. Police say since he was, he was allowed on the field, they did not press charges of trespassing. The NFL has already handed down a lifetime ban for all stadiums and events. So he can't attend a concert. He can't go to a game golf for protest. But, but he didn't sneak on the field though, right? That's was crazy. No, he dressed, he was a part of, Yeah, he was part of the Performance. He was a part of the performance and snuck the, the, the, the protesting materials under his clothes. So he all, so he Had to practice the, all the, he had to practice everything with Kendrick for weeks.


So he went rogue. He he went rogue, basically. Yeah. Yes he did. Yes he did. Speaking of the Super Bowl 60 is already, we already looking forward to 60 Super Bowl 60 is coming to Northern California at Levi's Stadium in the Bay Area. Now San Francisco 49 ERs owner Jet York was in New Orleans to accept the hosting duties. This will be the second time the game will be at the venue in Santa Clara. The sporting event looks to bring a significant economic boost to the region. In 2016, the region saw a $240 million surge in sales tax revenue. And speaking of Manan, you mentioned this to me a little bit off Air Envy President Trump, he's directing the US Treasury to stop minting new pennies.


So Trump wrote in a post on Sunday night on truth social that the country has for too long, far too long minted pennies, which he says literally costs us more than 2 cents. It does supposedly cost about three, a little bit over 3 cents to make one penny. So the US meant reported a loss of over $85 million for the 2024 fiscal year on over 3 billion pennies it produced. So Is Donald Trump like anything brown? That's the, I literally was about to say that. That's so crazy. But if the penny costs 3.7 to make, I get it. Why are we still making the penny? It costs more than the penny's worth. That don't make no sense. Yeah. Yep. Well you you're right about that.


It's like, but then Yeah, that, that don't make no sense to me though, because that means that all of the coins probably cost more to make than they Do than what they're worth is The price of If the penny, if the penny costs more. I'm sure the nickel and quarters cost more to make too. I Don't think so. You think the nickel only cost. You think the nickel cost less than five. If the penny Cost 3.7, what does the nickel cost? What? 4.20 cents? I don't know. We, what Is it made out of? Like, what is it? The, what is the penny Copper? What is It? No. Yeah, the penny is copper. Oh, Wow. Because they made outta different things. It depends on what, you know, what The, how much does, does it cost to make? Yeah, you're right. 'cause the nickel cost 13.80 cents. So I guess you're right. So, yeah, it doesn't make sense. And so all those people who have all those jars of change and all of that, you know, I don't know. He buys well starts.


That's why it don't make no sense. You phase out the penny. I was reading this. I was on CN. You phase out the penny. It says you need to make more nickels and the nickel calls more to make more Penny. More penny. Yes. It don't make sense. Damn. If it don't make sense. Mm. Don't make the money then, huh? All right. So that's your front page news. Some. I'm Morgan Wood, follow me on social at Morgan Media. For new more news coverage, follow at Black Information Network. Download the free iHeartRadio app and visit us@binews.com. Y'all have an amazing day. Peace Morgan. Thank you Morgan. Now when we come back, Tamika Mallory will be joining us. Her new book, I live to tell the story, A memoir of love, legacy, and resilience. She'll be joining us next. And don't go anywhere as The Breakfast Club. Good morning. Morning everybody. It's DJ Envy.


Jess, hilarious. Charlamagne, the guy. We are The Breakfast Club. Lauren La filling in for Jess. And we got a special guest in the building. Yes, indeed. My New book is out right now. I live to tell a story, A memoir of love, legacy, and resilience. Ladies and gentlemen, Tamika Mallory, welcome back. What's Going on family? How you feeling? It's Good to see y'all. I'm good. I'm feeling excited. Yeah. Pump up. Yeah. Another show Book today, today came out the, today I live to Tell Today, today's store today. Yep. Her memoir. Yes. And thank you my brother. Thank you. Because you know, Charlemagne And I as family made some decisions about my book deal. I called him to say, Hey, I don't know, am I supposed to, it was during the summer. No, it was 2021. I don't know.


20. It was 2020. Right. 'cause the book was released in 2021. So, you know, I called him to be like, Hey, they're offering me a lot of money, but there's a lot of people offering me different deals. What should I do? So he is like, well, you know, I have a new imprint and you know, if you wanna be my first book, I'm down to do a deal with you. And I was like, oh, I didn't even need to hear the rest of it. I just said Yes. And, And I'm excited. I'm glad that I did. I had a lot of creative control here. I would text you and say, they're not listening to me. Tell 'em something, you know. But it worked out. The whole team has put a lot of love and energy in these both books.


But this one right here is real special to me. What's the difference in mindsets when it comes to a memoir? 'cause I love to tell the story as a memoir. State of emergency wasn't a memoir. What's the difference between the Two? Yeah. State of emergency was more so my theory of change for America, it was really a prescription for what I think we need to do as a country. And especially how people can be not just allies of ours, but really accomplices. Like, throw down with us, get yourself in trouble if you really stand with black people. But this book is a prescription for me. And hopefully what comes out of it is that somebody else will read the book and say, wow, I have, I've had some of the same challenges, or I was thinking of going down the same path, but I see something different that I could do.


And I know there's a lot of people out here, especially young girls, who need somebody to tell them that their mistakes are not the end of life. You know? 'cause everybody gonna tell you, oh, you, you know, you too fast, you too loud. You talk too much. That's what, that's the black girl experience. I'm sure, you know, we talk all the time, but I think what you now see is that people pay me to talk. Right? So I went from being told that I needed to be quiet to people saying, Hey, speak up, you know, and speak up for me. So I'm hoping that it translates in that way. And in fact, a lot of people got preco and, you know, all the things that happens in the publishing world. And I've already been hearing from people and I'm on my third tour date, pre-release, well now release.


But the folks who are meeting me and saying, Hey, you touched me in so many ways just because you, you were honest about things we try to hide. That has been really powerful. I was gonna ask why the memoir now, some people will say it's still too early for a memoir. I thought so. I thought so. Some people will say, you know, a memoir is a a period piece of, of time in your life. So why now? Yeah. You know what? I'm at the, hopefully like a little less than halfway point, right? About 50. You think? You kind of, at the halfway point of life, I'm 44. Obviously people saw that in me that there was a story. And when I fir when they, when I first sat and wrote a outline, an outline of what would be in the book, I didn't believe on page one that there was a story.


I was like, this is whatever. But by the time we finished the outline and went over it together, I said, oh my God. Like this is a real powerful story. And I'm at the point in my life where I can actually walk with this book and tell the story for myself versus being elderly, you know? And kind of unable to even remember some of the things that happened, you know? But obviously a big part of this book is that I ended up going to rehab for the Pill addiction, which we've talked about on this show before. And I think that that marks a really important time that kind of like bookends the story. You know, from me starting as a little girl, I tell you all about that.


'cause who knew coming from the projects in Harlem that I was going to end up on stages in front of millions of people and that folks would be listening to me as a leader. No one ever instilled that Emini here. My parents may have told me that, but The World didn't say, little black girl from the projects can become this. It just, you know, wasn't a thing. So that's a, that's a first part. But then there's like, there's challenges that come with influence and what some people consider to be celebrity, even though I don't really use that in reference to myself, but some people feel that way. There's challenges that come with all of that. And ending up in that place, that dark place of being in rehab. It's something that I knew I had to tell.


And I don't want it to be like mixed into a early story. I really wanted it to be like you and me, we on this journey together right now, when I set it here on The Breakfast Club, people started reaching out to me that you, you know, 'cause we are, you are in The World so you understand. But there are a lot of people that you would think, whoa, a lot of people did what I did. 'cause when I first contacted Jason Williams, the NBA All star, you know, he is in heal in the healing space. After all the things we know he went through when I first contacting him, I was kind of like, Hey, my friend is going through something. What can you tell me? He let me do that for two times, two, three calls. By the third call he was like, SIS, I already know what it is.


It's all good. Like, you need to get together basically. And I started getting those calls and some people who were real honest And I said, oh, hold up. This is serious. 'cause these, it's not, it wasn't people who look cracked out on the street. This was folk who had big jobs. They sitting in big positions and they were like, I am so proud of you that you were brave to speak about it. And you know, I know somebody who might be also dealing pill addiction is real. You know what, Emini here, pill addiction is real because it's silent. You don't smell it like alcohol. You don't see people looking like they're high, but they're taking pills to numb themselves. All different types of things. And when I started to see how many people have the same experience, I knew it was time for me to release this story.


Mm. You know, another part of the book that I love is when you talk about, you know, what happened with the women's march? Mm. And, you know, not, not just what happened with you. I wonder if people are gonna read that, especially women that were involved and said, man, she wasn't just ringing the alarm for herself. She was ringing the alarm for how they're trying to break us up. Yeah, absolutely. That was such an amazing movement. Yeah. It was. That, you know, I feel like they broke up rather fast. Yeah. Was that a hard chapter to write? Yeah. Well the Women's March part is really difficult for me even to talk about just because first of all, it still exists and there are people there who were a part of breaking up the, the Women's March, right? So, yeah, it's hard to write about that. Our experience there is something that, yes, it was amazing, incredible.


I'm glad I did it, even knowing what I know. I would do it again because we made history that can't be taken away from us all Duplicated. And I, and it has not Been, I didn't know it was still around. It Is, it does exist. Emini here, they actually just had something that was, you know, good. You know, I'm, I'm, I'm glad that they're continuing our work because we certainly were the trailblazers. We started it, the list that is, you know, that that they used the social media, all of that. We created that. Those are people who started following us. And it's not about just replacing individuals. It's also in my judgment about that the, the people who were there were, or ordained, if you will, to be there, right?


Like, it was the place that God put us and it was for a reason. And so there's a history that exists that at times it can be painful to have to relive and then also to kind of see people act like they were the first ones at the gate. You know what, Emini here. And so, but, but at the same time, I will say that I know there are some incredible women that are in the Women's March today. Black women who've taken over the space and they're making sure that the, that the Women's March continues to be welcoming to black women. And so, you know, I'm happy to see that word continue. All right. We have more with Tamika Mallory, when we come back, it's The Breakfast Club. Good morning. Morning everybody. It's DJ Envy.


Jess. Hilarious. Charlamagne Nega. We are The Breakfast Club. Lauren LA is hanging out with us today and we're still kicking it with Tamika Mallory, her new book I live to tell a story is out today, Lauren. So I know that the target conversation comes up when I think about this, right? Yeah. And you were pushing the boycott target when a DEI stuff happened. And then tab like Tabitha Brown, there's people saying don't boycott target, support the black brands so that they don't erase the black brands outta there. I know you get pushback for your take of course, but I know you also listen to it as well to try and figure out how to move forward, right? What's the answer to all of that, right? 'cause you're strongly on one side, you got other people on the other side. Like, is there ever really an answer to that? Like, what do we really do? Well, first of all, people gonna do whatever they gonna do. So let's just be clear about that. We are never gonna be in a situation where a hundred percent of anybody, of any group says we are all gonna do the same thing.


And I also wanna say publicly that I love and appreciate Tabitha Brown, right? This is the sister that I watch all the time. You know, I, I see people in my comment section like, oh, Tabitha ain't going, like, we not doing that, right? Like, I'm supportive of her. I've purchased products from her offline. I support her, love the sister. And it's not just her. There's a bunch of, of a bunch of things. You lip bars and Target as well. Absolutely. Lit, lit bar who I just learned of Rucker roots and sellers. Yeah. So it's, it is so many people I wanna get in trouble for, for that. So all these businesses are important, And I think that we do need to support them. Your presence is also a part of your, your boycott, right?


It's also a part of your protest, if you will, that when you walk through the door of a business, a building, anywhere you go, if people see your face, that's, that also is a sign of support. So a part of our withdrawal is that we shouldn't even be showing up in spaces where people are saying they don't want. And I am very careful not to continuously say DEI, because that takes away the power of the meaning. Diversity, equity, and inclusion are what we are talking about. And so if somebody says, I've decided that I'm rolling back the diversity, equity, and inclusion, what are we talking about? There's no reason for me to even give you my, my money.


I just, I don't see a reason to, to shop in your stores and to be a consumer that helps you to raise your bottom line. I guess people Will, were questioning like, how do you decide which business to start, right? Yeah. Because, you know, you could say Target, but like you said, Walmart, people still get their packages on Amazon, right? People are still on Facebook all day long. They're still on Instagram all day. So I guess people would would say like, how do you pick and choose which way to go? Oh, so I, I I have a perfect answer for you for that. It comes from the people, it comes from the bottom up. You have to be able to listen to people. So I'll give you an example in my comment section. There are black women in there who are saying, target hit different, it feels different to them, right?


They go, people say, what about meta? Well, when I open my phone for meta, I don't see my bank account dwindling. It just doesn't resonate the same way. It's not to say meta is not problematic, but people do not see the bottom line of their bank account impacted by their getting on social media. I think we need to use Target as a starting point, as has been said. Nina Turner, let's give her the honorable Nina Turner hopefully should be up here soon. Her, and of course Jamal Bryant has the target fast. These, these two individuals are looking at where we are and how do we start. And now we can take that and say, oh, and just so you know, because I just saw Disney World, I think yesterday they announced that they're rolling back their DEI practices.


So now what do we do about that? We can continue to move people. And you're also talking about folks who've never, ever boycotted anything. They've been the best consumers. You are now having to retrain people's minds to know that you are not gonna die if you don't go to Target. There's other places that have your makeup, white removers or your dog food. You know what I'm saying? I I, And I think what you said about the confusion part is very true, right? Because even when it comes to things like Nike, yeah, okay. Kyrie Irving, you know, is no longer with Nike. But then they have people like LeBron James, of course they, they have people like Colin Kaepernick, right? They Aja Wilson too. Yeah. People like a Wilson. I'm just talking reason I'm talking about LeBron and Colin in particular is 'cause they do different levels of activism so people feel like they still wanna support that or you know, even with the the target thing, yes.


If there's a grassroots movement and people are saying, Hey, I wanna boycott Target, cool, but what about when they look at this whole other list and they do ask, they will continue to ask that question. They'll continue to say, well, you're still using Amazon, you're still going to Walmart. You know, you're still on meta. Yeah, But I'll say this, if you boycott your shoes, your shirt, your pants, your t-shirt, your underwear, all at the same time, you walk around naked people not gonna do that. That's not realistic. And I don't think that we should set unrealistic goals for ourselves and our movement. It's already hard enough to get people just select the algorithm rhythm or for the algorithm to push the message that there is even a target fast or a target boycott.


That's like not easy to do. You actually gotta hit the streets, knock on doors and talk to people directly, which we are beginning to do. So I just wanna say for people who are listening, who keep calling me, telling me, well did you talk to this person and that person? Because they still have a program and they still are committed to some of these things. The question that I have for you is when is Target gonna come out and talk about it? Yeah. I never understood why any of those corporations announced any of this publicly, to be honest With you. Right. You could have changed it and we wouldn't have even known. Right? Like he, they, they haven't done it. Well that's the reason why they, they publicly said it is 'cause they wanna be down with the good old boys. And a lot of it is investors. They wanna be in the oligarchy. Huh? A lot of it is investors too. Like with Disney, what you were talking about.


Yeah. Their investors Are on government contracts are On them asking them. Right. Asking them to do it. So and so you bring up a really powerful point. Their investors want them to change their programs. They want them to stop the initiative. DEI, diversity, equity and inclusion. That means people who spend money with them have made a decision. They don't want something. So why is it that black folks don't have the same mindset that we're investors as well. We are investors and in fact we have the right to be offended and we have the right to say, you know what? Target, don't even worry about John, John them, we gonna get you first. And you run to these meetings and these, these golf tournaments and all of that. And tell people when they ask you, oh Billy, Bob, how's, how's your numbers?


We having some problems. Black people ain't feeling us right now. I don't know if I made the right decision. That's, that's the goal. And yes, I know Charlemagne, you're right. People are gonna say, why not this one and that one, you should do that. I don't wear a bunch of stuff. I don't shop in a bunch of places. I haven't been to Walmart in years. That's what I'm doing. You should do that. Anybody who feels like, and nobody stops anybody from saying, I'm now leading. I think you should lead the Walmart, Amazon, and meta boycott since you keep asking you. I'm not, You should, since you Keep asking why, because I know I'm, because I know I'm not getting off meta. Okay, Well that's Fine. But, but let me ask you question. Well we, we supposed to be on fan base And I, And I, And I kind of believe, and see that's the other thing, right?


We supposed to be on fan base And I was gonna say that too. Like, you know, somebody, I was, I'm not gonna say who would, I was arguing with somebody Friday. Right? Okay. You was on a threeway with em, right? Every day. Why we can't say who it's, Well it was Roland. It it's rolling. And me and Roland was arguing and Roland was saying, well I gotta, I gotta be able to get my messaging out. That's why I'm, I'm staying on that. And I was like, well we could organize a mass exodus from these. He, but he is on. But he is fan base. But you can't, you can't, you have to say that, and I'm an investor, you're an investor in fan base. We have to say that Roland has been one of the most consistent voices supporting Isaac and, and absolutely Isaac Hayes and trying to get people to go to fan base.


And every time I open the app, there goes Roland, his face is there. So he is doing it. But you know what? It's okay. Guess what? They use us all the time. So why all of a sudden do we have to be the, the purest that if we gonna boycott one thing, we gotta do everything. You know what, it's a million people on my page on Instagram and people get the message. I have thousands of people that's on there talking. So you know what? I'm gonna use your platform to boycott, boycott your homeboy. That's what I'm gonna do for now. You shut me down then I'll go somewhere else. This was just felt as loud as it did. Like during the pandemic when it was like the push of like black businesses or whatever, I felt like it was so loud and like everybody was passing around these lists or whatever. I don't think that it's like that All.


We got more with Tamika Mallory when we come back it's The Breakfast Club. Good morning. Morning everybody. It's DJ NV Jess, hilarious Charlamagne ne guy. We are The Breakfast Club Lord on the Rosa is hanging with us as well. We're still kicking it with Tamika Mallory, her book I live to Tell the story is out right now. Now on Friday we had 19 keys here And I look through the comments And I guess he said something you didn't like what sparked the nerve? A and B, you talked about Stokely and King and, and how two different people look at things two different ways and they said that, you know, when they had their differences they were able to speak behind the scenes and then come out in public and still fight for the same fight. So one what sparked the nerve? And two, how come y'all haven't talked behind the scenes and had that conversation where it doesn't look like you guys are going at each other.


So to be clear, absolutely number one, I have talked to 19 Keys and that's my brother. And he And I do disagree on different things, but I was mad at him. My comment in the Charlemagne. Yes. Okay. At Charlemagne, my comment in the, on your page on The Breakfast Club page wasn't so much about 19 keys, although I still think it's important for us to lift up the work of our institutions because we know what they have done and how important they have been. And again, the reason why we had Black Wall Streets and the Rosewoods and other places that were burned down by the government and white vigilantes is because black institutions exist and existed at that time.


And people that came out of those traditions work to create, sustain these types of, of economic chambers, if you will, like a Black Wall Street. So that's important. I'm a defender of black institutions because I come out of one And I, I know the power of what they've been able to do. I know that when people's lights are turned off, sometimes the only place you could go to is to a black church or to the National Action Network. Those are real things happening every day. We got theories and ideas and things that probably will and can work if we all work together. But we also have people who need food right now. They need to be able to go somewhere and say, Hey, the landlord's trying to kick me out.


Will you come and show up over here and fight this white man or this whoever man that's trying to put me outta those black institutions do that work every single day. So I'm always very protective about that. But the person that I'm really talking about when I say I was pissed off is this one right here. And the reason why is because Charlemagne asked several questions, which I think is what about ism? What about Amazon? What about this place? Right? What about that place after I had already told him in the text message three days before that why I don't believe that there, it's a good strategy to try to boycott everything at once. And he didn't say what I said as a response. So what he did was basically leave people with a open freaking answer, e open question to something that I already told you.


Even if you don't agree. I'm not saying you gotta agree, but you can at least say. But you know what? I did speak to Tamika Mallory and she said X, y, Z thing. And he is now saying he didn't know about Nina and them. I did not know that. So I, maybe I'm not as upset with you as I was about that, but I feel like it's too serious of a time for us to have conversations that just leave people confused when there are answers. So to me it would've been better to have Nina or Jamal didn't know cool or me call in on the phone and talk about the boycott and get those points straight and have the discussion rather than have people walk away like, yeah man, come on.


They playing themselves. They they not trying to get off meta, they not trying to do, when we actually have an answer for why Target is the first place that we are deciding to, to target. Pun intended. Yeah, I guess I wasn't trying to make it specific about anyone present 'cause there was so many people talking about boycotting Target. Yeah, target. Well that's that, that's your answer. You just said it. The reason why Target is the target is because so many people are ready to boycott target. That's the answer. That's why, that's why. No, we got this conversation, We had this conversation. I get it. I'm not, it's completely separate. I guess it's not separate from all of this because I'm sitting here listening to you talk and then I know in the book you talk about a lot of personal stuff And I'm like, when do you take time to do what your own personal stuff because you Emini here.


So I I really asked you that because you deal with some heavy stuff in the book. Like I know for the first time you talked about the trauma you went through as a child with sexual abuse as a child. Yeah, yeah. For the first time ever. And I'm like, I wonder what made her decide to put that out there cool. Because she got all these people coming at her about everything else. You've been connected. Like it's just the woman's March stuff and like there, there's been a lot and then you put that out there and I'm sure you had to deal with that again when putting it in the book. Well here's the answer. I live to tell the story. That's right. I went through all of that and I'm still here, you know, and I'm sure some of it was meant to take me out, right? But look at me. And so yeah, taking care of myself looked like writing it down And I didn't, my parents are reading my book right now.


Well, they're finished now. I gave it to them two weeks early when I first received the book. And it was hard to put that book in their hands. I had already told them mom and dad And I, my sister who thinks she's my mother, but, and she, she, she kind of is the three.


The World is constantly changing. It's up to you to decide how to respond, choose to be bold to try something new. Choose to reinvent yourself. That's what Nissan did with the all new totally reimagined kicks. The dynamic new exterior styling immediately announces that Nissan isn't messing around the interior. A completely redesigned cabin with premium features like wireless Apple call play and a panoramic moonroof make driving a kicks immersive and exciting. And with new performance and safety features like intelligent all-wheel drive, the kicks is both fun and safer to drive than ever before. It is the dawning of a brand new era for the Nissan Kicks. Only one question remains. Is it a new error for you as well? Drive the all new Reimagined Nissan Kicks today. Available Features compatible device service and consumer activation of Nissan Connect Services. Package required use only when safe and legal subject to third party service availability For more information, see Nissan usa.com/connect/legal. Apple CarPlay is a trademark of Apple Link. Intelligent all wheel drive cannot prevent collisions or provide enhanced traction in all conditions. Always monitor traffic and weather conditions.


Hey fam, if you like me, you're thinking about how to level up in your career. Maybe you're fresh outta college, just started in your field or even looking to switch things up and find your true calling. Whatever stage you're in, remember that this is your time to grow, to learn, add to build something that lasts. State Farm understands that early career development is key to long-term success. They've been a steady presence in our communities and they know that having the right support early on can make all the difference. State Farm is there to help you make smart moves and to help you get the coverage you need. We all know the journey to success is a marathon, not a sprint. It's about staying focused, staying grounded, and making sure you're protected every step of the way. Let's build our careers with confidence knowing that State Farm is there to support us just like they've always been because like a good neighbor State Farm is there. Find out more at State Farm dot com.


American Public University understands the challenges of balancing education with a busy ever changing life. Whether you're part of a military family managing PCS moves or a working professional juggling career and family, A PU offers the flexibility you need to succeed. Deliver online a's programs. Make it possible to learn wherever life takes you. And courses are offered in eight and 16 week formats with monthly start dates so you can begin when it's convenient and progress at a pace that's comfortable for you. A PU is committed to making education affordable for everyone. For active duty, military and their families. The preferred military rate is just 250 per credit hour. Veterans and their families can benefit from the Veteran grant, which provides 10% off undergrad and master's levels tuition. And for everyone else, the Opportunity Grant offers the same 10% tuition savings, making higher education within reach for all. Visit apu.apu.edu/military to learn more American public university education that moves with you.


Hi, I'm Arturo Castro and I've been lucky enough to do stuff like Broad City and Narcos and Roadhouse and so many commercials about back pain. And now I'm starting a podcast because honestly guys, I don't feel the space is crowded enough. Get Ready for Greatest Escapes a new comedy podcast about the wildest true escape stories in history. Each week I'll be sitting down with some of the most hilarious actors and writers and comedians to tell 'em a buck wild tale from across history and time. People like Ed Helms, Diane Guerrero, Joseph Gordon Levitt and Soy Chow Titanic, Charles Manson, Alcatraz Asada Shakur, a sketchy guy named Steve. It's giving funny true crime. I love storytelling And I love you so I can't wait. Listen and subscribe to Greatest Escapes on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts or wherever you get your podcasts.


Them I got them on a phone call because I wrote a particular chapter and when I finished I cried so hard. Not because of what was in the chapter, it was just, it was some shame, but it was also because I was like, I cannot turn this in. I cannot let my parents have to relive this. And it was about a time when I almost was by several guys 'cause I went somewhere I wasn't supposed to be. And knowing that I, I tell that story, which is hard enough I think, for my father to deal with. But for me to say that I left that apartment and went straight home and that he was sitting in the house And I didn't even tell him what happened, right? I broke down so bad. I was like, oh my God, I cannot put this in this book. But then, so when I put the book in their hands, I was like, oh my God, just don't read it.


Just put it up as art. Like don't read it. And sure enough, I came home one day and my sister was like, I need to talk to you. This book is a lot. She was like, I'm I'm, I'm going through something. Our parents are suffering with what's in here that my father said to her. And he hasn't said anything to me to this day. To this day. My mother done told me off about two things. 'cause that's what she do. That's my girl. My sister was like, I don't know if you should have told these stories, but my father has not said one word. Emini here he speaks to me every day. That's my dad. That's my guy. He's my publicist. You know, he went and picked up the bandits for the tour. Like that's my guy. But he hasn't said anything about how he feels.


However, he told my sister that it was real hard for him to get through reading that some of this was happening and he couldn't do anything about it. So it's, it's, this book is tough. Well pick Up the book I live to tell the story. Where we at tonight? Where we at tonight? So tonight we are going, first of all, are we telling people that? 'cause if they show up they can't get in. Oh no money. It's a private event. But Charlotte is having a party for me. But on Thursday they can join me at the New York Public Library on the 13th Thursday I'll be there in conversation with our public advocate. Jamani Williams. I need to have him up here again soon. Oh absolutely. Because he's got a lot to say, especially about the mayor. But that's another thing. What time is that?


And that's at six o'clock on Thursday the 13th. And also the moderator of that conversation is gonna be the executive director of editorial at Ebony Magazine. So it's silly. It is actually gonna be really dope. A lot of people have signed up at the New York Public Library on Fifth Avenue. And if you go to tamika d mallory.com/tour tamika d mallory.com/tour, you can see where I am all over the country and it make sure that they participate in what we got going on with. I live to tell the story out right now in bookstores everywhere. Go get you a copy. Alright, Well it's The Breakfast Club is Tamika Mall. Morning everybody. It's DJ Envy. Jess hilarious. Charlamagne the guy.


We are The Breakfast Club. Let's get to Jess with the Mess Is real. Robin Moore just don't do no lying. Nobody worldwide, worldwide mess on The Breakfast Club. She's a cultureship. She Was able to get y'all to see something and understand something that nobody could get you To see. It's time to set it on Cardi B. Uncle was deported according to Cardi B. Yes, Cardi B got online and talked about her experience at the Super Bowl and then talked about her uncle. Let's take a Listen. Getting mad today because you know Donald Trump and he was at the Super Bowl and they was giving us a hard time.


Oh my gosh. The Secret Service was not playing in that stadium. They stopped all the little cart and 'cause Trump was there. Now I like him lesser now I like him lesser 'cause you ain't have to come to nothing Damn Super Bowl up my shoe now. I don't really like him now he gonna have to bring my uncle, grandma uncle to come back. 'cause my uncle got deported. Now she playing those seconds. You know how Cody be Cho she be playing sometimes. I don't know. 'cause after that she went into talking about periods and how you stop him for Valentine's Day Day. So I don't know how concerned she's about her uncle. I don Dunno how concerned she is about her uncle.


That's That's good advice. How do you stop a parent for Valentine's Day? She said you gotta PayPal her $500 before she tell you. 'cause she's tired of helping us bees for free. Oh, okay. She be helping us. That's what she said. What y'all Got periods. How do y'all stop 'em? You can't. I've never tried to stop it. You know what if, if that, if that was really a thing, nobody would have a period. Okay. I'm telling you can't stop. No. Period. Some people stop it with birth control. You know the old thing where you get down? Yeah. But that's also not healthy for you. Yeah. Emini here, I birth control is not healthy at all for you way. I just let mine just do what it need to do. But yeah, so do I. But it used to be a thing where you could sit in the tub and bleeding will stop for, for just for me. Oh yeah. They tell you when you hit the water sometimes and then Yeah, yeah, yeah. It'll stop but then it come right back. Or Just know my brothers didn't have sex.


Whoever you went on Valentine's Day period, don't stop nothing but a sentence. Correct. You know what Emini here like Yeah. There's plenty of people that run red lights. Lay a towel down if you need to. You know what I'm Saying? That's right. It add to the decor. That's why Valentine's Day's red. Hey yo. No, after the decor. That's not why it's real. It's crazy. It's stupid. Y'all know Valentine's Day. Y'all know the meaning. The real meaning behind Valentine's Day. But anyway, 'cause we ain't gonna get into that. What is it? The big massacre. Hella people was killed. So it actually does stand for blood actually. Is that real? Yeah. Yeah. Valentine's Day is not about love. That's just black people be doing. Glad I'm not celebrating. Okay. That's your not, you're definitely not glad to not be celebrating Valentine's Day 50 cent way along. Let's play along y'all.


Speaking of Valentine's Day, 50 cent. What girl? Because you Oh, thank you. I what you did there. Yeah. 50 cent big mech, the back and forth. Big mech has finally addressed the snitch allegations. Let's take a listen to big mech audio Tape. I wasn't going to address this 'cause I'm not trying to let nobody trick me off the streets. I never fo never told, never Will death before. Dishonor always with me. So I'm doing this for my loved ones and the support of my friends and family to come out to the honor, honor arena. February 13th. Yeah. So it wasn't much that he said, but he did. But he said something finally. So then y'all know 50 50 hops online and he responds.


Let's take a listen. Not trying to let nobody treat me off the street. You trick cuff off the street, nigga. I never fo never told You, told Tammy to tell Always with me. So I'm doing this for my loved ones and the support of my friends and family. Y'all gonna be disappointed when Lil Baby don't show up when skill don't show up. But Zo don't show up and all these mothers don't show up. I wasn't going to address this Because I'm reading Drops man, look at you reading this shit. But I never fo never told never Will death before is sign always with me. So I'm doing this for my loved ones and the support of my friends and family come out to the ring.


He can't even go. You want the house with us? He can't even go Now. 50 is different. Yeah. And so what 50 is talking about as far as like little baby and different people not showing up. So the Welcome Home concert that Big me has had, and there have been reports that some artists are pulling out because of all this back and forth and the allegations, but nothing confirmed yet. But yeah, so the the back and forth still continues. 50 is still posting as we speak right now. And then in other news, this is a hard left turn. There's a new Diddy lawsuit and this time he is being sued for oral rape. What? Yes. You gonna rape somebody orally. Shut up babe. Why you, what's your problem? Like, yo, you can't just like, can we hear a story anyway?


You can't put what dot put a nigga in a headlock. Like you can't put you, you can get out of No. My goodness. It might have been the other way though. Mm. Can we hear the story? Please? Just go ahead. I just imagine. So according to this new lawsuit, this was filed by Attorney Busby. Diddy had a one night stand with a street performer. And this guy is saying he's alleging that he was raped. So he says that he met, it's a John Doe. He says that he met Diddy and then after he met Diddy, Diddy orally raped him and sexually assaulted him Anally after spiking his drink in the lawsuit. He claims that he was singing and playing guitar on the street outside of a popular LA club in November of 2022. And he says a man claiming to be like a talent scout for Puff came up to him and invited him to one of the parties that Puff was having.


He must've been killing that guitar. He must have, he must have had a crowd going crazy outside. Yeah. So the John Doe claims that he was then driven to a private home where Puff invited him to sit down, have a drink, talk about music and his aspirations to music. And he says that the conversation progressed as Diddy, as he complimented Diddy's necklace that he had on. And then Diddy was like, oh, you wanna see somewhere in my jewelry collection? Jesus. So the guy was like, yo boy, that ain't funny man. So the guy was like, then Diddy took him to a private room and the, the John Doe says that all of a sudden he started feeling drowsy off balance and slightly like euphoric. And he said that all this happened only after one drink.


But he says that the room didn't have any jewelry in it. And did he bluntly asked him, have you ever sed a s the D? Yes. S the D before. And have you ever eaten a Snickers? Yes, we're nuts. And then he claims that Diddy, then he said, he said he told Diddy no, he answered the question. He told Diddy no. And then Diddy responded, well you should try it. And then he expo did he exposed himself after that? And then he says, that ain't a yes or no question. He just said no. Like he just was like, no I haven't. No. And then, so you should try one. That's what I'm saying. And then Puff expose itself. That a yes or no answer? How do answer that? Charlamagne tell us nigga. What? Yeah, pew run. But why you, it started with the compliment of the necklace.


Like why you doing that? Like why you all liking necklace? Like why you doing it? You don't, you don't supposed to do that. I got some more juices for you to see. Yeah. Like you don't, you you don't supposed to be doing that. You wanna see this c ch Well the guy claims that Puff didn't force him to have oral, oral sex. And he said that he was grabbing a guy's face and forcefully, you know, I'm ball stuff. Okay. So Damn he gonna force me The oral Fe on on Puff Puff allegedly. Yeah. He said that Puff forced him to do that. He grabbed his head and forced him to do that. Now what just happened over here Went crazy. No. Thinking about past Times I did not. No. Thinking about how you used to get those mixtapes picture back in the, the day I heard And I heard you talking about Bad Boy Goes, I'm biting.


I see you gonna force me. I Well I wanna say that, you know Puff's team Diddy's attorney is saying that as they've said before, they can't respond to every lawsuit and every publicity stunt. But you know, they have full confidence in the facts and integrity that will come out in the judicial process. So they're denying this and the truth. They say the truth will prevail. Yo, Whoever writing these stories, the Men man John Doe, he's a John Doe. But whoever writing these stories about the men be writing some very entertaining stories. Yeah. I'm sorry if these things have really happened to you, but these could be on Tuby. Yeah, But but how do you fuck It's all same. How do you see what's true or not? Like because anybody can make an allegation. It's just your word versus word. There's lot restaurant up. They was in a restaurant drinking. No, he was outside of a venue and then he went back to the crib where then he was having a party and then he Where was the drink taken at?


The drink was, I guess at the house, at the party. Somebody else had to be at the party to see the guy with guitar. Right. I was about to say there has to be witnesses. 'cause the guy also said he was raped from behind. And then when he woke up the next morning, Shut up man. When he woke up the next morning, he was given an iv. So whoever gave him an IV would know you. But that's what I'm saying. How do you know you was raped from behind if you was knocked out? I'm sure He says that there was pain and Oh yeah. And yeah, we gotta, but that let's wrap up. Was rape from behind? It could have been. I don't like how y'all be laughing at male rape. Man, y'all, y'all don't take it seriously. Male Rape Y'all Allall. I just found out oral rape was a thing. I don I wasn't laughing, I was Confused. I'm like, how do you do that? Just how do you know if you were raped from behind Emini Here. Like if you was knocked out you could have been on your back legs, open Loose Boe like this way That, but that's from the top, not behind y'all.


This man claims he woke up in pain. He suffered mental anguish, emotional torment, humiliation. But what Happened to the guitar? We gotta the guitar. Oh my god. We gotta wrap it up. Where's The guitar man? It was wrapped up like this segment. Let's damn, I hate this place. All right, thank you for just with the mess man. That was Streete meat. You just took it off the street and took it off. God. But people look crazy, crazy. Know they be telling you don't eat street meat. Alright Charlie man, who you giving your to? Key two man Four After the hour, we need a 29-year-old Florida man named Jonathan Navis to come to front of the, come to the front of the congregation. We would like to have a word with him, please. All right, we'll get to that Nex. It's The Breakfast Club. Good morning. Your Execution on the donkey of the day is something to go. Is it a read?


They gave me Donkey of the day And I deserve the You need To know what You need to tell them. I am. You have the voice. Tell them. Tell them It's time for Donkey of the Day. It's a read, but you're so good at it. You trying To be a fake as Charlamagne There only Charlamagne man who You giving Dusty today to now? Man, sexy red donkey today for Tuesday, February 11th goes to a 29-year-old Florida man named Jonathan Novis. Let me tell you something, man, The World is a strange place because I don't know if his people's behavior that we should be concerned about are the context of their behavior. Let me explain. Jonathan Nvis was arrested after he was observed barking like a dog in a Georgia Auto parts store.


That's right. For more than an hour. Okay? This is what happens when you ask somebody where my dog's at? Alright, don't ask that question if you don't want an answer. According to an incident report, the owner of an advanced auto parts store called to complain that Jonathan had been in the store and had been barking like a dog for an hour. Okay? Jonathan told police officers that he had no idea he was, his barking was causing any issues. Now let's discuss this for a second. First of all, why did it take an hour? A whole hour went by and a grown ass man, 29-year-old man is walking around the store barking like a dog and nobody says anything. One hour 60 minutes, 3,600 seconds of nonstop barking and nobody says anything.


And at what point do you know, at what point do you who is not barking realize something is wrong? Okay, I'm not playing with people in 2025. If I'm out somewhere and someone starts randomly barking that person And I will not be sharing space for 3,600 seconds, a whole hour. I am calling the proper authorities immediately. I don't know if it's the police or animal control, but somebody is getting called now there, this is where I'm also torn. Okay? I've watched a human bark for an hour. NVU have two, okay? I've been around a human who randomly barks. NVU have two. That human went by the name of Earl Simmons.


Oh yeah, A-K-A-D-M-X drop. Now you can drop on a clue bomb for DMX, rest in peace to the dog. Absolutely. Now listen to me, I use the word human to describe DMX, but DMX was a spirit, he was a spiritual being, living a human existence. And this is what Emini here, when I say I don't know if it's people's behavior or the context of their behavior, because in context a person barking isn't concerning. If we know why they barking, we knew why DMX was barking. Okay? He was the dog. I never met a person like DMX in my life, but 1 0 1, the reality is he may not have been from this planet, he may have been dropped off here by extraterrestrial. So to see another human randomly barking in an advanced auto parts store, the first thing I'm gonna do honestly is think the person is related to DMX.


You've got to be from the same place as DMX to be acting like that. And I'm not talking about Yonkers, okay? I'm talking about whatever Planet X came from. Actually, I want to give the folks an advanced auto parts. I wanna give them a little grace. If I heard someone barking, I would think they was imitating DMX. We all did it at one point in our lives, I would think he was just doing his own remix of Ruff Ryder's anthem or something. Okay? Now, when they asked Jonathan where his ID was, he said in his car, when they went to search his car, they found a clear baggie containing syringes in the passenger seat. And a search revealed a bag full of a clear crystal substance that was later confirmed to be that cat in candy. Okay? That white crossed him cookies commonly known as meth.


Navis also told police officers that the syringes contained blood. It's Florida, ladies and gentlemen. I don't know why people are just walking around with syringes of blood, but he was fleshing my flesh, blood in my blood. Navis was arrested and remains in the Monroe County Detention Center with a $5,000 bond. No word on if he's still barking, please give Jonathan Nvis the sweet sounds of the Hamiltons Of the, If you're sitting around confused about that story, just understand it's Florida.


Ladies and gentlemen, don't try to, you know, don't try to rationalize it. It's Florida. What's his name? Jonathan Navis. John or novice Navis. But tell the truth though, if you somewhere for an hour and somebody just walking around barking, you gonna say something? I'm a been, I I would've left already. Okay? I, unless, Unless DMX Say nothing to right Or want a DMX kids, right? I have no business. Nice kidding in, in a store with a person barking for an hour, I, I might bark back just for Come on ish. And then you gonna bite it, right? No, no. Then you gonna bite it Because if you already walking around bucking you not rap, you tight, son. You could be capable of anything. You can do anything. You can have anything in your pocket. Somebody say something, you stab 'em up, anything.


So let him go ahead and have that establishment. But That's my point. Why wait for an hour to call the police? I advance all I'm calling immediately. That, that wasn't suspicious to you after the first 30 seconds. Yes, the first minute. Mm. That's all I'm saying. Yeah, No, I feel You. All right, well thank you for that donkey of the day. Now let's open up the phone lines (800) 585-1051. This is something that Stephen A. Smith and and Charlamagne actually said yesterday. What we said, we were talking about Serena Williams dancing at Kendrick Lamar's Super Bowl halftime performance. Stephen A. Smith said he would divorce Serena Williams for that cameo. I didn't see that now. No, you didn't say that part. But he said he would, he would divorce his wife because he says these are signs that say that you're not over your ex.


Why would you have to be in that song going at your ex? Then you said Something, you I said, I said something similar. What I said was, you know, why would she be on stage Crip walking about her ex that she dated, what, 10 plus years ago and you were married 2011. Yep. With kids. I said if I was her husband, I'd have gave her a little pinch or something. You like. Why do you need to go do that? Right? And I say all that divorce, That white man better not pinch her. That is true. Especially during Black History Month. Hey Eddie. 805 8 5 1 0 5 1. The question is, do you agree with Stephen A. Smith that these are signs that you are not over your ex? And if you were married, would you be upset? Let's open up the phone lines and discuss again.


(800) 585-1051. We'll, we'll play the audio when we come back. It's The Breakfast Club. Good morning. The Breakfast Club. If y'all talking about it, you know, we talking about it. It's topic time. Call 805 8 5 1 0 5 1 to join into the discussion with The Breakfast Club. Morning everybody. It's DJ j Envy, just hilarious. Charlamagne the guy. We are The Breakfast Club. If you're just joining us, we're talking about something that Stephen A. Smith said about Serena Williams Crip walking at Kendrick Lamar Super Bowl halftime show.


This is what he said. If I'm married and my wife is going to join trolling her ex go back to his ass because clearly you now you you don't belong with me. What you worried about him fooling you with me? No. So we're taking your Coles 805 8 5 1 0 5 1. Now Jess, you feel what Jess? I feel like she was all right. Emini here. I I don't feel like I disagree with it at all. I feel like it is what it is. She was a part of the whole situation. She wanted to do it. She from LA it was a shot at Drake, whatever, dragging s Kendrick and Serena, whoever is a part of it too. Drag them. Yeah, I, I just, I feel like, yeah, I don't mind you, you dragging your but not taking a shot at your ex. Like you still have feelings or something that he says still bothers you.


Do it to any of the songs. Squabble up, do it to TV off. Do it to, but it's gonna be all right. Do it before Drake the show. After the show. But the so where We gonna be eye is insane. Insane. Yeah, but just don't do it to that song man. Like, feels like it bothers you. But the thing is, Drake came at him too. Drake came at her husband, so why not go walk on his head? You know what, Emini here, like I said, her husband is a groupie, but Serena already got her look back. Serena got her look back at the Espy. She did the same thing. She threw a little shot at Drake and then she did her Crip walk. Crip walk to not like us. So Emini here, I guess just to do it again is just, Well maybe she did it for the people in the back. 'cause I didn't know she did that at the Espy. Yeah, ESPYs are a little boring to me, so I didn't watch it. But to see her do that there I was up, you know, that was cool for me.


I I just felt like Kendrick gave Drake way too much. That's all. And, And I Heard that you said that. Yeah. Yeah. I don't think so. I think it is drag getting season. Sometimes you gotta pop out and show them. Okay, So, hello, who's this? T Hey t what's your thoughts? Okay, so my thoughts on the Serena at the Super Bowl, I don't feel that she was doing it against Dre when she won the championship in Wilmington. She did the Crip walk and they told her she was scared. So I felt she was doing it. Yeah, it was something like that. They criticized us that she was Against her. Okay. It coulda had a double meaning. But once again, y'all, we are not gonna sit here and act like he, he said on the song, you better not speak on Serena. We know she's from Compton. She did the same thing at the S piece.


Like, come on, cut it out y'all. Thank you mama. Hello. Who's this? I thought she was done. Like we know why it was done. Like we, we doing what? We, you finding all you trying to find all these deeper meanings? We know why it was done, y'all. Yeah. Cut it out. Good morning, mama. What's your thoughts? I feel like this, like if it was a regular dude, they'd be like, I can't cuss. I'm be like, hold up like what you doing? You still, you know, chilling for this dude or whatever. But like, be serious. This Serena Williams, we all know what's for entertainment and you know, he know what he signed up for message with her. Okay. I don't think it was disrespectful in a way just because it's her. But like I said, it was a regular average chick. We like you still in love with him saying, Yeah, you know, I'm just like, cool. You speak with me and my husband. Yeah. Any opportunity I get the Crip walk on your head.


I'ma do it. Okay. Exactly. Okay, Thank you mama. Now why did he go, why did she go with that? Why did Drake go with her husband? I, I Don't know because he wanted to take a picture with her, something like that. I think I seen Serena's husband wanted to take a picture with Drake. Yeah, You still Drake? And so Drake put, you know, he could have been a long time fan. He just ended up with the girl, you know, but you know, it is what it is. Some people be in they feelings behind girls. Y'all okay? Hello? Who's This? What's up? This KOMO from Ohio. What's up brother? What's your thoughts brother?


The World is constantly changing. It's up to you to decide how to respond. Choose to be bold to try something new. Choose to reinvent yourself. That's what Nissan did with the all new totally reimagined kicks. The dynamic new exterior styling immediately announces that Nissan isn't messing around the interior. A completely redesigned cabin with premium features like wireless Apple call play and a panoramic moonroof make driving a kicks immersive and exciting. And with new performance and safety features, like intelligent all-wheel drive, the kicks is both fun and safer to drive than ever before. It is the dawning of a brand new era for the Nissan Kicks. Only one question remains. Is it a new era for you as well? Drive the all new Reimagined Nissan Kicks today. Available Features compatible device service and consumer activation of Nissan Connect Services. Package required use only when safe and legal subject to third party service availability. For more information, see Nissan usa.com/connect/legal. Apple CarPlay is a trademark of Apple Link. Intelligent all-wheel drive cannot prevent collisions or provide enhanced traction in all conditions. Always monitor traffic and weather conditions.


Hey fam, this is Carlos Miller from the 85 South Show. If you're like me, you are always thinking about how to level up your career. Maybe you're fresh outta college, just starting in your field or even looking to switch things up and find your true calling. Whatever stage you're in, remember that this is your time to grow, to learn, and to build something that lasts. State Farm understands that early career development is key to long-term success. They've been a steady presence in our community and they know having the right support early can make all the difference. State Farm is there to help you make smart moves and to help you get the coverage you need. We all know that the journey to success is a marathon, not a sprint. It's all about staying focused, staying grounded, and making sure you're protected every step of the way. Let's build our careers with confidence knowing that State Farm is there to support us just like they've always been because like a good neighbor State Farm is there. Find out more at State Farm dot com.


American Public University understands the challenges of balancing education with a busy ever changing life. Whether you're part of a military family managing PCs moves or a working professional juggling career and family, A PU offers the flexibility you need to succeed. Deliver online APUS programs make it possible to learn wherever life takes you. And courses are offered in eight and 16 week formats with monthly start dates so you can begin when it's convenient and progress at a pace that's comfortable for you. A PU is committed to making education affordable for everyone. For active duty, military and their families. The preferred military rate is just 250 per credit hour. Veterans and their families can benefit from the Veteran grant, which provides 10% off undergrad and master's levels tuition. And for everyone else, the Opportunity Grant offers the same 10% tuition savings, making higher education within reach for all. Visit ap.ap.edu/military to learn more American public university education that moves with you.


Hi, I'm Arturo Castro and I've been lucky enough to do stuff like Broad City and Narcos and Roadhouse and so many commercials about back pain. And now I'm starting a podcast because honestly guys, I don't feel the space is crowded enough. Get Ready for Greatest Escapes a new comedy podcast about the wildest true escape stories in history. Each week I'll be sitting down with some of the most hilarious actors and writers and comedians to tell 'em a buck wild tale from across history and time. People like Ed Helms, Diane Guerrero, Joseph Gorn and Soy Chow Titanic, Charles Manson, Alcatraz, ADA Shakur, a sketchy guy named Steve. It's giving funny, true crime. I Love storytelling And I love you so I can't wait. Listen and subscribe to Greatest Escapes on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts.


My thoughts are Drake shouldn't have been a little beach and Serena wouldn't have been dancing on his grave. That was kind of funny. I didn't even think it was Serena. My mama Cita said, that's Sena. I said, no it ain't. That's just some dancer check Whole time. See she looked good. She looked real good on Sunday. Yeah Buddy. And I ain't even a Serena fan. I'm more of a Venus. I'm more of a Venus lady. Oh. Or man. But she looked good and if he would've handled this business, she would've never danced on this grave at the Super Bowl in probably the whole nation. Not as grave yet. Thank you. What's the moral of the story? The moral of the story is Serena Williams can do whatever she want.


Absolutely. And if her husband ain't got a problem with it, I don't give a damn. I'm just asking. We're hypothetically having a conversation. And the hypothetical conversation is, to me it's just a level of pettiness that, you know, she don't need to be partaking in. That's all she married with. A couple of kids go out there and dance during squabble up or something. But like you in a way it's like, yo, why? Why are you, why are you still antagonizing this dude? Right. Your ex, like who cares? So Let me ask a question. So who does Chris Brown have beef with? Anybody? Any artist we can remember? I Don't know. And I also wanna say one more thing. Did You dance on that person's thing? Didn't he had beef with Drake too before? Like a little brief situation? Oh yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah. So if Drake was performing, call Jess Quavo. No, Quavo Quavo, all Quavo perform and say, yo Jess, I need you to come in and Crip walk on this song where I'm going that Chris, would you do it?


No. Come on now. Because First of all, that's my accent. Then we like, we're really, really good friends. I would never betrayed like my friend for Quavo. I'm sorry, I can't do it. I'm not, what was that question for? I, I don't know. I don't even know the hell. You just, I was so dumb. I don't know. Listen. Because also too, when when, when Serena Williams crit walked in 2012, after she beat who she beat sheriff, whatever her name is. Yeah, guess say her name in London. That was hard. Good. You know what I'm saying? So she Crit walked there. Yes. Okay. So Serena's always had a level of freedom that she's always expressed, you know, period. And that's why we love Serena Williams. Alright, Well we had justice the mess, Especially Excel in a sport where black people, especially black women, don't normally excel in, you know, she's always been her true, authentic self.


Whether it's wearing the black catsuit, whether it's wearing her head the way she wanna wear it, whether it's Crip walking, like she's always had a level of freedom Period. And she earned it. Hello? She did. Yeah. We got just with the mess coming up. Yeah. Yo, your home girl, Nancy Mace. Remember from the House of Representatives? The the the military man lady. The white lady from South Carolina? Yes. She's accusing her husband of sexual assault. Her husband? Yes. Her husband. Ex? No, her ex-fiancee. Her Ex-fiancee. Okay. Yeah. Alright, well we'll talk about it when we come back. It's The Breakfast Club. Good morning. The Breakfast Club. Good morning everybody. We are The Breakfast Club. Let's get to just with the mess. I Ain't real. Jessica Moore just don't do no lying.


She don't nobody Worldwide, just worldwide on The Breakfast Club. She's a cultureship. She Was able to get y'all to see something and understand something that nobody could get you to see. It's time to set it on. Lawrence will break down the story about Charlemagne home girl, Nancy Mac, the military school lady. Man, Emini here. The military man, school lady. Forget, What is you talking about? Before she one, the first woman to graduate from a all male military school called the Citadel in South Carolina. There we go. So that's why I called her the military man. School lady. Yes. Period. I, I see what you did there. So Nancy Mace, she took the floor, the Senate, I'm sorry.


She took that Florida House of Representatives on Monday night and she used it as an opportunity to let some people know some things that have been going on in her life that she says police are not helping her with. So let's take a listen. Mm. I found some photos of what appeared to be a teenager undressed in the kind of underwear a child would wear to me. The facial expression of this young woman, young girl, teenager, looked scared and nervous. I saw another video of another woman who was undressed, clearly on a camera, unaware. She was being filmed. She was slender and she had long brown hair. I turned up the volume to hear if there was audio. I heard my voice. I zoomed in on the video and that woman was me.


My entire body was paralyzed And I couldn't move where my feet on the floor was. I breathing? I have no idea. I could feel pain shooting out of my heart outta my chest. Dropped straight down to the floor like I was in a nose. Dive the pain running through my veins wouldn't stop. Time was suspended for a moment. This monster stole my body. Damn. Yeah. And it was, she, she went on for about an hour and it, first of all, this is crazy, right? Like imagine she says she's engaged to this guy. His name is Patrick Bryant. He's a businessman. And the way she even started, they started having conversations about the phone was because somebody randomly sent her a text message. It was a screenshot of him allegedly on a dating app.


Right. And they're engaged. So she's like, oh, you know, politics is a, is a crazy game. So she's like, I think that she thought it was like fake and somebody was trying to like mess with her a little bit. Right? And This is recent. This is, she found this out recent, This, so, no, that's another thing. She just revealed this Monday night, but she said she's been going through this for the past year. Oh wow. And nobody has helped her. So she says that basically what happened after she got that text message, it got to the point where she was able to get to the phones. He allegedly, the ex-fiance had put one phone in the safe, got a new phone and she was just watching him. 'cause she's like, why is he doing all of this? But she had began un uncovering things because she said she used to work in text. So she was able to like, like, I guess like track like metadata and just see kind of what he was doing or whatever. And she has these files, these photos, these videos. She said it's tons and tons of women and underage girls.


She said that she actually reached out to one of the girls because she recognized some of them. Mm. They're like her political colleagues, like daughters Wow. And stuff like that. She said she reached out to one of the girls just letting her know, Hey, I have this. And showing her. And then she said the girl didn't even remember that it happened whatsoever. Mm. Now this is all alleged. Now she says over this past year what happened was is that she went to South Carolina, attorney General Allen Wilson, who you know, this is actually somebody that will be her opponent if she, if she runs for Governor, governor of South Carolina in 2026. But she says that she went there. She also says that she went to investigators who basically told her, like the prosecutor's office said that they, they said that this was like false, right?


Like about her coming to him and not getting help. But then the investigator, she said that they threatened to lock her up as if she wasn't the victim. Mm. So she's been trying to figure this out for the past year. She said she had to leave her home. She had to tell her kids what happened. 'cause they had to just up and leave. It got to the point where it got physical between her and her ex-fiance. She said, she says she has the marks to prove it. And now she just, she, she just basically wants to get attention to it because behind the scenes, she's been trying for a year to get some movement to get these, you know, people that she's a legend has done all these, these things to these women off the streets and nothing has happened. So she took it to the, the house of representative floor. And I, I just think it's crazy because this is your fiance. You know what Emini here and you find a video of yourself on your phone. She says she had a couple drinks one night and she can't remember the night. And then she see herself.


To see one of yourself on the videos is crazy. Yeah. And, and it was to the point where she also alleged that like in one of the videos of a woman allegedly being raped under a younger girl being raped, the girl's body was so lifeless because the girl had allegedly been drugged that she thought that the girl was like not alive, but she was, she had just allegedly been drugged. So she's saying it's really bad and she's un uncovering this. So where is he at? There's nothing about him. So he, he's right now he is, Well they're Investigating. Yeah, they're investigating it. But he has categorically denied all of the claims. He says that he takes the matter seriously and will cooperate fully with any necessary legal process to clear his name. So just gotta, does he work in politics or, I know you said he a businessman, but like No, he's not A politic. Yeah.


And I saw he was a businessman. But then he has these other colleagues too that she's a legend is a part of this as well too. Now another, just shifting gears again, we kind of been all over the place today. Kanye West. So you guys remember Kanye West had the, the website yeezy.com. Yep. He did the, the, the Super Bowl Easter ad, the Super Bowl ad reject or sending people to the website. On the website he had this t-shirt with the n the Nazi symbol on there. Swan Swastika. Swastika. Yes. Now people were really, really upset about this, as you can imagine. But right now, if you go to yeezy.com, y'all could try it on your phone. I just did it. The website is disabled. So reports right now are that Shopify has actually disabled the store. I reached out to Shopify to try and figure out if they disabled it or if it was something done on his side.


But you're not, you can't shop the website anymore. And then people were like, well if the website was gonna sell these Nazi, you know, pushing t-shirts, why would the Super Bowl ad be approved? So TMZ actually found out that he pulled like the wool over the eyes of Fox when he purchased his Super Bowl Sunday ad, the 32nd spot, which Kanye says he shot on his iPhone. It shocked a lot of people because he just had went on that anti-Semitic ran and then the website dropped those t-shirts. But sources would direct knowledge tell TMZ that Fox actually approved the AD Friday to Air Sunday in three markets only La, Philly, and Atlanta. So for some people that didn't see it, yeah, I didn't see it. Yeah, that's why. But the process was purely based on two things. The content of the ad and the website promoting yeezy.com.


They're told that the video of Kanye sitting in the dental chair said nothing else but over and over. Like whatever, whatever. It was like the, whatever was on the website wasn't there Friday. And it was nothing offensive there. It was just normal. A athletic wear and then all the other stuff pops up. You put that on there. Yes. So at some point Sunday he reduced the site and changed the items and now the swastika shirt was on the website. So I'm not for sure again if Shopify has taken us down, but it does say disabled if you visit the website right now. And I have reached out to figure out what that, who disabled what. Yeah. I literally yawned during that story. Not because you didn't do a good job of, because Kanye is just exhausting. It is just tiring. Like it's just like at, at at, at this point you can't figure out nothing else to do to garner attention.


Yeah. He tried to comment on the Super Bowl too. He said that Kendrick did a good job, but then he said that they're using Kendrick to take down Drake, like how they took down r Kelly. So you know, that's a whole nother thing. I actually thought, thought that guy was saying R Kelly took himself down. Right. What are we talking about? No, R Kelly definitely took himself down. I thought that was Kanye. Me and a lot other people thought that was Kanye that like during the Super Bowl with the Morgan told us this morning and that person was actually a part of the thing. I was like Emini here. I've been figured out that it wasn't Kanye but I thought that he had pulled some because he was pulled up one of his his things and just went, he was being funny saying he was gonna pop up at the single and ran cross. Yeah. And ran. I thought, I thought he did that, but it wasn't, can you imagine him running with them Silver the the silver grill?


Absolutely. And who would buy him swa stick his t-shirt. Hed Be surprised to have Many people who would buy that. Yeah. You'd be Surprised. People who identify as Nazis. Yeah. And People who love Kanye and do everything like, do everything You do. But that's what's so dangerous because you know, he does have influence over a lot of people. Yeah. In what if it is a younger generation who don't even understand the history of nothing about, they just go to the t-shirt line, like support that look cool and buy it. Now they walking around with Ika on especially Younger crowd who don't really even understand a lot of like what It is Exactly. Don't what I just said. That's right. And it, it cost him $8 million by the way that the spot in the Super Bowl that he bought. But wrapping it up now He allegedly made that back, right? That's what he said. I guess. I don't know. Alright, thank you Lauren. Well that's just with the mess. All right, well let's get to the mix.


805 8 5 1 0 5 1. Get your request in. Now it's The Breakfast Club. Good morning. Morning everybody. It's DJ Envy, just hilarious. Charlamagne the guy. We are The Breakfast Club. It's Black History Month. What we doing today, man? Salute to my guy. B. Do you know every day during Black History month B dot puts out a podcast on the Black Effect iHeart Radio podcast network called, I didn't Know. Maybe you didn't either. And B speaks on Easter today and how Hush Harbors, liberation anthems and even your fresh Easter fit are all part of a legacy of resilience and rising up. Let's discuss. But see, for our ancestors, Easter wasn't just about dressing up and being fresher than the Board of Health and hunting Easter eggs Back in the day, Easter was like the original.


We going to be all right, Anthem. It was hope in the middle of chaos. Imagine being enslaved, working sunrise to sunset, but still holding onto the story of Jesus rising again. Now that's some real faith. It might be smaller than a mustard seed. It was a thought of if Jesus could roll that stone away, come on somebody. Huh? Then we can roll this oppression off our backs too. Can I get Amen. And have you ever heard of Hush Harbors? Lemme tell you about 'em. Hush Harbors were like the underground clubs of the enslavement period. Like them silent parties, but they didn't have no colorful headsets. And instead of the DJ dropping bangers, you had somebody in the corner whispering Swing, low sweet Cherry because they had to keep it low key.


'cause if Massa caught you, it's a rap. So they'd head out to the woods, set up shop and worship in secret, hush harbors. They'd even hang up wet blankets to keep the sound from traveling. Yeah, soundproof in the woods. Now how innovative is that? They didn't need no beats by Dre. Our ancestors invented noise cancellation. But these hush harbors, they weren't just about worship. Oh nah, they were about rebellion. See, they'd sing songs like Wade in the Water, Wade, which was basically the first GPS because that was cold for eu. Harriet said, meet up by a river and don't forget to pack light.


These folks turn praise into power hymns into hope. And today that same energy lives in every gospel choir and every preacher who makes you say shout. And we can't forget about the Easter Fit tradition, the pastels with the shoes to match. I wasn't capping about that. But that goes back to the enslavement periods as well. After emancipation, newly freed black folks would pull up the church in their finest fits. It wasn't just dressing for God, they were dressing to let The World know I'm free And I look good. That's why to this day, we don't play by them. Easter fits. Some folks be out here treating Easter like the Met Gala, big hats, pastel suits, had to put some armor roll on them shoes.


'cause I could see my reflection in them. Jones, there's like a runway show with a praise break in the middle. And no, Easter ain't the only holiday with roots in the struggle. We've talked about Juneteenth and previous seasons. That's when we celebrate Freedom. Two, two years after Freedom was supposed to happen. Can you imagine being two years late to your own free party? I like your job hitting you up and saying, Hey, you got PTO that you didn't use back in 2023. Another holiday is Kwanza, where we honor African traditions and principles like unity and self-determination. If Easter is the resurrection, Juneteenth is the graduation. And then Kwanza is like the family reunion. It's all connected holidays rooted in freedom and resilience.


So this year when you're stepping clean and your Easter is best, remember you're not just celebrating a holiday, you're honoring a legacy. You're carrying forward with the spirit of those hush harbors. The fight for freedom and the hope that no matter how low we get, we always rise again. And I didn't know, maybe you didn't either. Alright, happy Black History Month. That's right. And make sure you subscribe to the, I didn't know, maybe you didn't either. Podcast on the Black Effect. iHeart Radio Podcast Network available everywhere you listen to podcast. Alright, When we come back, we got the positive note and more. It's The Breakfast Club. Good morning. Morning everybody. It's DJ Envy. Just hilarious. Charlamagne the guy. We are The Breakfast Club.


Now we gotta salute Tamika Mallory for stopping through. Her book is out right now. I live to tell the story. That's right. A memoir of Love, legacy, and Resilience. This is her memoir. If you enjoyed state of Emergency, you will enjoy her memoir. Remember, state of Emergency was more of a a, a, A self help guide. A how to book on how to get through the times that we were in, you know, back in 2020 2021. But this is her actual memoir, man, that just talks about the story of Tamika Mallory and how she became to be who she is, man. So make sure you go out there and get it available everywhere. You buy books today. And it is out on my book, imprint Black Privilege Publishing with Simon and Schuster. And I wanna tell y'all about a date Tamika's gonna be at in New York City.


If you're in New York City, she's gonna be at star. Star Neutrals. Somebody Latino, come in here book. Sure. That's not the name of it, but go ahead. Well, it's the foundation library at the New York Public Library. Okay? And she'll be in conversation with Juvan Williams on Thursday at 6:30 PM Eastern. Okay, so the New York Public Library, Thursday, 6:30 PM Eastern, she will be in conversation with Jamani Williams. So go to tamika d mallory.com/tour to learn more about that. All right, Now you got a positive Note. I do have a po Oh, I'm sorry, big Jess. You know Jess getting all that money, run them tour dates down a hundred thousand dollars a show. What's up? Calm down. Okay, Relax.


And if Smoke is smoke, if his T is T No, come on. No, that is not what, please relax. 'cause that's, I keep telling you sound like somebody old ass uncle is not that. Lauren came in and said if it's smoke, then it's smoke and then it's TI don't know. Tys don't know nothing neither. I don't know, but I never heard it. If you want smoke it T two different things. But this Friday for Valentine's Day, we have the extravaganza in dc. Make sure you get your tickets for that. It's a dinner, it's a party, live music. Me and my, my me and my Nigerian people putting on this really, really nice upper echelon event where all black get your tickets at ww what? Upper echelon.


Okay, What I supposed to say. That sounds luxurious. I'm there upper echelon. I want somebody upper echelon. Echelon. Look at him. Good Upper echelon. Upper upper echelon. Echelon. That's echelon. Yes. Echelon, whatever. Jesus. But get your tickets. All right, dress all black, bring your wife, bring your husband. Whatever. Y'all come out there. Dance will be live music, couples games, the host, we got some special guests. Everything. Get your tickets@ftkconnect.com. Connect the spell with a K. And then if you one of those people who call in for tickets, one eight three three FTK, line. Get your tickets. I'll see y'all Friday. All right, Charlie, you Got a positive note? Yes. The positive note, man, it comes from the great Cornell West. Cornell once said, if you can't lead the people Cornell West once said, you can't lead the people if you don't love the people.


You can't save the people if you don't serve the people. So find somebody to serve today. Always be of service to others. Have a blessed day Breakfast Club. Bitches.


American Public University understands the challenges of balancing education with a busy ever changing life. Whether you're part of a military family managing PCS moves or a working professional juggling career and family, A PU offers the flexibility you need to succeed. Deliver online APUS programs make it possible to learn wherever life takes you. And courses are offered in eight and 16 week formats with monthly start dates so you can begin when it's convenient and progress at a pace that's comfortable for you. A PU is committed to making education affordable for everyone, for active duty, military and their families, the preferred military rate is just 250 per credit hour. Veterans and their families can benefit from the Veteran Grant, which provides 10% off undergrad and master's levels tuition. And for everyone else, the Opportunity Grant offers the same 10% tuition savings, making higher education within reach for all. Visit ap.ap.edu/military to learn more American public university education that moves with you.


Hi, I'm Arturo Castro, and I've been lucky enough to do stuff like Broad City and Narcos and Roadhouse, and now I'm starting a podcast because honestly guys, I don't feel the space is crowded enough. Get Ready for Greatest Escapes, a new comedy podcast about the wildest true escape stories in history. Each week I'll be sitting down with some of the most hilarious actors and writers and comedians. People like Ed Helms, Diane Guerrero, and Joseph Gordon Levitt. I love Storytelling And I love you, so I can't wait. Listen and subscribe to Greatest Escapes on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts.


Hey man, what are you into? I have the hookup. The hookup, the hookup for what? I'm solving a mystery through sex. And haven't made a private dick joke until now. Poppers, why are there so many poppers? All roads lead to the hookup. You think it's causing people to turn agro? I'm gonna rip your arms Off and use them to, yeah, that's a word for it. Listen to the hookup on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you listen to your favorite shows.


Welcome to my legacy, I'm Martin Luther King, I third, and together with my wife, Andrea Waters King. And our dear friends, mark and Craig Kil, we explore the personal journeys that shape extraordinary lives. Join us for heartfelt conversations with remarkable guests like David Oye, Mel Robbins, Martin Sheen, Dr. Sanjay Gupta, and Billy Porter. Listen to my legacy on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts. This is my legacy.