
Hey. Hey, gather round. I got the lowdown on the hottest show in town based on some shh that really happened. It's called Fight Night, the Million Dollar Heist, baby. It's about a job hustler. Who tangles with some stone Cold Brothers and pays the price you dig. Starring Kevin Hart, Taraji p Henson, Terrance Howard with Don Cheadle and Samuel L. Jackson. Catch Fight Night. The million dollar Heist streaming now on Peacock. Right on now. Back to the Funk


Gear Up for Outdoor Adventures with the 2024 Nissan Pathfinder. This mid-size SUV is designed for Epic Journeys, offering spacious seating for eight available panoramic moonroof, and an available intelligent four-wheel drive feature with seven drive modes. To take your off-road experience to new heights, discover the 2024 Nissan Pathfinder at Nissan usa.com. Intelligent all-Wheel drive cannot prevent collisions or provide enhanced traction in all conditions. Always monitor traffic and weather conditions. Towing capacity varies by configuration. See Nissan Towing Guide and Owner's manual for additional information. Always secure cargo.


This is Coke Zero sugar. Could I be the best Coke ever? Try and taste with your ears here. Those bubbles, imagine them tingling on your top busy deliciousness. Listen to that cascading liquid. A mouthwatering waterfall. Irresistibly tasty, zero sugar, crisp, refreshing, and ice. Gold is Coke. Zero sugar the best Coke ever. Try and decide.


Turn it up. Music fans. This one's for you. Coke Studio is dropping fresh music and performances from artists you love. Like new jeans. Carol g, Peggy Goo Usher, and Tyler and Coke's giving you chances to win a trip to one of the biggest festivals of the year. Grab taste that moves you. Scan your Coke. A Coke zero sugar 12 ounce can to unlock fan fueled music moments, no purchase necessary. 13 plus and 50 US DC and Canada. 18 plus for select prizes ends October 31st. Rules, eligibility, and prize. availability@cokeurl.com slash Studio usa. Promo Corp Wright 2024, the Coca-Cola Company.


You are ready for a comeback. And with Purdue Global, you can do more than take classes. You can take charge of your story, of your career, of your life. Earn a degree you can be proud of, and get an education employer's respect. It's time, your time, not just to go back to school, but to come back and move forward with Purdue Global. Purdue's Online University for working adults. Start your comeback@purdueglobal.edu.


I wasn't looking for your secre. This is a morning show for the United States dj. Better Known as the People's Choice. This SLU to all my light-skinned brothers out there Just hilarious. Just for The World wide mask. Just don't do No lying. And Charlemagne the guy. Don't get anything. Everybody come to The Breakfast Club. I call this the Hot Seat Breakfast Club. It's like being on America's front porch. Don't Feel like my rich cousins. I never cost to meet. Every time I go to the River's Club, I know. Gonna be like a Good morning. I'm getting out. Good morning. USA Yo yo. Yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo.


Jess is on maternity leave. Good morning, Lauren. Good morning. How you, how You feeling? I Feel great. How are you? Good. It's Fashion Week, so I know it. Fashion Week starts today. I know you're gonna be out and about. I was just thinking like, maybe I'll take tonight off and then start tomorrow so I could like catch up from the week. I literally was thinking that this morning Because You know, of course, fashion Week happens every every year in New York, New Jersey area. And it's always a bunch of parties. There's always a bunch of fashion. I don't really pop go like that anymore. Pop up events. I know, but I figured I said Lauren's gonna be going 'cause Lauren's heavily into fashion. I, I, yeah. I got paced my, it's a whole week. See, it's a whole week of stuff. Yeah. I gotta pace myself, but I am gonna be out and about. So y'all got some stuff going on. Hit me. Let me know what's going on. Alright. Charlamagne, I'll be here in a second. I'm sure he's running a little late.


I'm sure there's traffic, something like that. But we got a big show today. We got a lot of people stepping up and joining us this morning. LL Cool J will be joining us. His new album, the Force is out today, Queen's Own. So we're gonna be kicking it with LL and then also Kevin Hart and Will Packer, they have a a, a new, I guess it's a, a series. It's called Fight Night, the Million Dollar Heist. Now the first three episodes dropped yesterday. The remaining five will be released one at a time every Thursday. And Kevin was in here taking shots y'all. So Yeah, It's gonna be a good time. Yeah, it's, Yeah, it's gonna be a great time. It's gonna be a great time. So we're gonna kick with both of those. Now did you watch the episodes yet? Not yet. No. Not yet. I haven't. I haven't got a chance to watch this year.


I'm gonna watch everything this weekend. I'm trying to figure out how y'all watch tv, how y'all are parents, how y'all run these businesses. Right. Yesterday I was so tired of didn't wanna make dinner. Y'all gotta do homework. Y'all gotta know what's going on. Like y'all are real grownups. I'm not there yet. Well, we also have spouses that help us out a lot. Okay. True. So that's the the most important thing. But I think it's time management. You know, you gotta figure everything out. So like my daughter, I know I gotta pick her up at a certain time. So I try to get as much as I can before I have to go pick her up. And then once I pick up my kids, I call her daddy daycare, it's Daddy, let's do this, daddy, let's do that. Daddy, let's do this. Daddy, I want pizza. Daddy, let's play this. Daddy, let's get in the pool. Daddy, I got practice Daddy, I need this daddy, I need that.


Then You know, I got my older kids. That one goes to college, the other one's home. Daddy, I need this daddy, can you help me with that? So it's daddy daycare. Yeah. Yesterday if I had a kid yesterday, I was like, man, I might have to ship him somewhere. Jesus. A week or two. Like I just need sleep. And then NFL came back. Did you watch the game last night? No. You know. I didn't watch the game. I saw, I saw some of the things, the points on Twitter, but The points, The score, not the points. Like the actual, I mean like the things that people were talking about. Got You. Okay. Alright. Yeah. Yeah. It was a great game. Kansas City Chiefs, Baltimore Ravens. You watched the Game Red, you watched it to the end. Did y'all see Taylor Swift? She was there. That's, that's all you cared about. I mean, y'all asked yesterday if she was coming, That's, she was there.


It was an amazing game. The first game of the season. And that's what you asked if Taylor Swift, I'm sure everyone in the stands was thinking the same thing too. Like, is she here? Where is she? I'm sure they weren't. I'm sure they were into the game. It's Okay. Well let's get the show Crack and we got front page news. Morgan would be joining us. There's a lot to discuss. It Don't go anywhere. It's The. Breakfast, Club. Good morning. Oh, it's a game. Rich homie Quan. Yes man. Can we Play some rich homie Quan? We got some on a Friday. Turn it up a little bit. It's The. Breakfast. Club. Good morning. Rest in peace brother. Morning everybody. It's DJ Envy. Jess, hilarious. Charlemagne the guy. We are The Breakfast. Club Lauren filling in for Jess and rest in peace to Rich Homie Quan. I'm sure we'll get into it in the room in a little bit, but let's get in some front page news. Good morning, Morgan.


Good morning. It could be a good morning, but that definitely makes me feel some type of way that news for sure. RIP to Rich Homie Quan. Huge fan. But election day is less than two months away, so make sure you're registered to vote. Check out vote.gov for more information on how to register and where your polling locations are in your area. Vice President Kamala Harris. Now, she used her first visit to New Hampshire in years to make a promise to small business owners during a campaign stop in North Hampton. Yesterday, Harris said, if elected president, she'll work to create an economy where everyone can succeed. Harris also said, small business owners are some of the country's hardest workers and she pledged to help more small businesses so they can be profitable for generations to come.


Let's hear more from VP Harris in New Hampshire. And I've met so many entrepreneurs across the country who take the incredible leap of faith that is required to start a small business. Folks who put their life savings on the line and work through the weekends and holidays. They aren't just building a business, they're pursuing a dream. Yeah. So Vice President Harris said, well, she will head to Pittsburgh to get ready for next week's debate. Her running mate, Tim Walls, will also be in Pennsylvania where he, where he will speak in Erie tonight. So we'll hear from him. Meanwhile, former president Donald Trump, he says his economic plan would bring down inflation during a speech at the Economic club in New York on Thursday.


That was yesterday. The Republican presidential candidate says domestic drilling will be the key. He also went after Vice President Kamala Harris's proposal to ban price gouging on groceries. Trump called the Democratic nominee a Marxist and comrade Kamala Harris. Let's hear more from former President Trump. That means we're going down and getting gasoline below $2 a gallon. Bring down the price of everything from electricity rates to groceries, airfares, and housing costs. We have more liquid gold under our feet than any other country, including Russia and Saudi Arabia. Kamala launched a war on American energy and orchestrated a nation wrecking border invasion.


During his speech, he also endorsed the idea of forming a commission to audit government spending. That could include a role for billionaire Elon Musk. Let's hear those comments from Trump. I will create a government efficiency commission task with conducting a complete financial and performance audit of the entire federal government. Elon, because he's not very busy, has agreed to head that task force. Yeah. So the proposed commission would be possible. El Are very busy. Yeah. So the proposed commission would be responsible for auditing federal government spending. It would also recommend new reforms. I'm not sure that Elon's the man for that job, but You know.


Hey to each his own. Yeah, I mean it's interesting man. This whole election is interesting 'cause it's gonna be close come November. I, I like how You know the vice president is hitting the ground and speaking to people in these battleground states. But I do feel like, I think she does need to do more outreach in the press. 'cause I believe it's a lot of excitement within the party and then like that blue bubble. But she gotta excite the folks outside of that bubble because I don't want this to be one of those elections where she wins the popular vote but loses the electoral college vote. Right. Makes sense. Yeah, for sure. You're starting to do interviews, right? I seen she's doing something with Ricky Smiley. I thought she was doing something else I seen next week. So maybe she's getting out there. I'm gonna come to The. Breakfast Club. Hey girl.


All right, well that is front page news now get it off your chest. 805 8 5 1 0 5 1 If. you need to vent. Phone lines are wide open again, 805 8 5 1 0 5 1 is The Breakfast Club. Good morning The. Breakfast Club. This is your time to get it off your chat. 8 5 8 5 1 0 5 1. We wanna hear from you on The. Breakfast. Club. Hello. Who's this? What's up DJ Devonte. I just wanna give a shout out to my wife on her way to work this morning. Sharia. And I'm getting my kids from school right now. So wanna say shout out to them? All right man, you have a great day. You don't wanna say that. You don't wanna say kids names.


DJ and Duke and my wife's name. Sharia. Alright. Peace Sharia. Peace dj. Peace Duke. Good morning. RIP Rich homie Quan. Absolutely. Have a good one, brother. Hello. Who's This? Yo, what's good? This is Jonah from Jonah. What up? Get it off your chest. Jonah. Yo Breakfast club man. Good party. Appreciate y'all having me on. I just wanna make sure everybody go out there and vote You know. Do y'all do y'all part when it comes to making sure that we have a democracy? Come 2028, man, I don't know if y'all remember in 20 20, 20 28. We just trying to make it to 2025. Whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa. You said 2028. We trying to make it to 2025 brother. Talking about 20, 25.


If we, if we make it happen in November, most definitely we gonna make it to 2028. So I just, I just want people to remember that in 2020 we had long lines for people to vote. We people have to wear a mask, social distance and all of that. We don't wanna go back to that. So do y'all part, make sure You know we got a picture to look forward to for our kids and grandkids. Alright brother. Hello. Who's this? Hey, this is dj. What's up baby? Dj? What's up? Get it off your chest. Nothing Charlamagne there. I'm right here sir, how are you? I don't understand how you say you're too a all day, but assault weapons. I have multiple AR fifteens, And, I. Think we need them. Why do, tell me why you think we need AR 15?


Well, one, it's the sad reality of America is that all here and If, you ban them. You ban them from legally owned law abiding citizens because we know criminals do not follow gun laws. So like, so, so like I, so like I said yesterday, the only reason you would have a a, a, a a a gun like that is because you ready for war. Yes. And criminals have them. So if a criminal has them, I have Them. He's saying the bad guys had those type of guns. So if I need to protect myself, I want to have the same type of guns, the bad guys and two Power and two and two, my neighbor, he was successfully able to brought a invasion with three armed guys, tried to evade his home, he picked up his A 15 and was able to handle them when they all was armed on camera.


So I'm not gonna pick up a handgun when three guys who are armed trying to break in my home. I just think a AR 15 ist too much power. I think that assault weapon is too much power, power for, but a civilian. But everybody don't live behind the gated community like y'all do. I mean, gates don't matter nowadays. Hey, hey Gates don't matter. Especially if people got AR fifteens. So I'm not, I'm not You know. I'm not against your point. But the But but If, you guys If you guys try to break your house. You going to, you going to pick up a handgun, you gonna be outgunned. If I pick up my ar I have a level playing field That, that, that is, if I have the opportunity to protect my family with superior firepower, I'm gonna have the superior Firepower that that is the worst case scenario.


And in that scenario, I do wish I'm, I I I'm glad that you got a AR 15, but You know when those same guns are available for people to be able to pick them up and take them in the public places. Yeah. And kill multiple people. And, I, we gotta figure something out. Yeah, but I think what's the, I Think they need to be a hundred more charle names who spread mental health awareness. I think that's the mental health issue we Have. I agree with that too. But I mean, two things can be true, right? Like, I mean, don't you think we need more mental health resources and some common sense gun reform? Yeah. But sometimes at 18, do you think somebody at 18, right? Because you could get a, a rifle at 18 some places. 16, you can pick up an AR 15 and 16 years old. Do you think having that much power for a 16-year-old or 18-year-old is good? Yeah. But listen to what he's saying.


If you, what he's saying is true. We do, we do need more mental health resources. But I also feel like we need some common sense gun reform. So what I would ask you my brother, what, what, what, what And hand guns account for most of the mass shootings in America and they putting switches on them. So They all putting switches on. So what's the, so what's the, what's the, what do we do? What's the answer here? Mental health. I mean, that's, that's what it has to be. You need more than mental health. Reality is ar fifteens are here in United States of America. I think it If you ban them. You only banning them from law abiding citizens. I think it's a combin not Follow gun laws. I don't disagree with you, but I think it's a combination of the two. But it is a complex issue. I mean, it, it really, it really truly is. Get it off your chest.


805 8 5 1 0 5 1 If. you need to vent. Hit us up now. It's The. Breakfast. Club. Good morning. The. Breakfast. Club. Ray. Ray. Ray. Yo Sha man. What up? Are we lying? This is your time to get it off your chest. I got an indoor pool, a outdoor Pool. We want to hear from you on The. Breakfast. Club. We Can get on the phone right now. He'll tell you what. It's We live. Hello? Who's this? Hey. Hello. Peace and blessings man. Good morning guys. What's been a Minute? What? Sean Stone. What's up? It's been a minute. Yeah Man, it's been a minute. Sean, man. Good morning. Peace Sean. Good morning. Good morning. How the baby Baby's good man. You know my son just went back to Maryland. You know he was with me for three months in Florida so he was able to bond with his sister You know.


Yep. Love that for y'all. We just out here man. But wanna shout out to Rich homie Quan man. Rest in peace to him for him dying at 33. That's crazy. You know What I mean? 34. 34. That's still crazy. Yeah, but You know that's life. And also, I was watching some videos out there, man. I saw Fat Joe with a new video of Remy Ma I love you Crack, but I just want to tell you to put on a sports bra. Yo You know. And also ASAP Rocky, he came out with a new song. So I decided to check out his music video. I really don't understand why he got a, a white man in his video naked. If he's straight. I guess Rihanna is not enough of him. I don't know. So You just wake up, you just woke up angry at all. Rap.


He wrote a, he said You know what? I'm gonna get this off. Say something nice about somebody, Sean. Yeah. Say something nice about Trav. It's Just, it's just weird to see these people. And then also it's crazy. Brent Foot Club Premier and Trav and Blind Beauty. We outside. That's trash ass music showing Man, it it's yours. It's, It's better than mine. It's Better than better than anything I've ever heard you do. I'm being totally honest with you. Sean And I would free, Could free, you could freestyle Lord. No, I'm not going freestyle Lauren. Okay. But I want you to just go to Sean Stone TV on IG and you could check out my song and you could see that my song is called Vibe. It's way better than track. It is not, not even close. Are You a, are you a rapper or you like, what do you do?


I I do music. I just, I like to write music. And I like to sing music. So I think my song is way better than his song on. And it's not, it's crazy how man say it's not. It's not. And you never even listen to my song. Sure Haven't. But I can guarantee it's better than yours showing stone. I know that with a shadow. A doubt. I need nothing. I need no evidence to back that up. And I like the record to show NLA Simone, who was a dj, she picked we outside. Ain't nobody tell her to do that. Like, that wasn't no record. I party they dropped it. I thought it was like, like I thought it was the city girls. Honestly. I, Sean is such a hater. You could you just hear the hate coming out his pause this morning and that's why you ain't getting what you want. Sean, what did I tell y'all the other day?


You gotta clap for other people. If. you can't clap for other people. Nobody's gonna clap for you. I know Somebody who wakes up like angry and just like spewing like hate. And who's that bad vibes? Who's that? I think it's a common friend that we have. Envy. Yeah. Yeah. Like it felt very, when I felt Sean Stone, it felt very familiar to the room. The energy was the same. Oh yes. Well tell your hey address and stop texting you early in the morning. Alright. Not to get the hey Boo text early in the morning. Hey Boo. Hello. Who's this? What's Going on man? Just, just shout. Giving a shout out to all the teachers out there man. First week after school, back at school, sending them lots of love to the kids. Man. We a positive successful school year. And shout out to the first club family.


Thank you K brother. Have a good one man. Get it off your chest. 805 8 5 1 0 5 1. Now we got just with the mess with Long LaRosa coming up. Yes, We are gonna take some time to pay tribute to Rich Homie Quan talk about his influence. But also we're gonna get into, I know a lot of people just wanna know You know what happened and what was, what's being reported around his passing. So we're gonna get into all that this morning. Alright, We'll get into that. Next. It's The. Breakfast. Club. Good morning The. Breakfast Club. Morning everybody. It's DEJ Envy. Jess. Hilarious. Charlamagne the guy. We are The Breakfast. Club. Let's get to just with the Mess with Laura LaRosa news is real. Jessica Robin Moore just don't do no lie.


She don't nobody Worldwide mess on The. Breakfast Club. She's the coaches. Lauren, Lauren la I'm back. And. I got the mess. Talk, talk to me. All right guys. So yesterday News had began to circulate. I don't know, I was getting calls, stuff was hit in Twitter. That rich homie Quan rapper, rich homie Quan had passed away. And it was later confirmed that this did happen. So I spoke to a, a source close to the family who said that You know his family was devastated. They were trying to figure out, I'm sure Yeah. Like, like You know, like what happened?


Why And I know TMZ also confirmed the story with the same statement. And details later came out that basically he was home. I guess he was asleep on the couch. His girlfriend, who was the one who called 9 1 1, said that he was asleep. She put a blanket on him left, took their kid to school, came back and realized that he had never moved from the couch, which was kind of weird for him. So she went to check on him and when she went to check on him, she didn't feel a heartbeat or anything like that. So she turned him over and then he was foaming at the mouth, which is when she calls 9 1 1 and there's a nine one one call out there that I'm not gonna play. It was real just hearing her in the call, I just was like, man, I felt for her You.


know what I mean? You hear people in the background kind of coming and they're trying to figure out what's happening. But why do We need to hear those 9 1 1 calls? We don't need to. Like, why are those released to the general public? I, I just like, what's the reason? Like I don't, we don't need to. I think it's an invasion of privacy. I, I don't, I think so on the police side, when it's not a situation like this, I think it goes to the same thing that like a body cam does, where there's like, they wanna make sure that there's like a transparency in how things are handled from start to finish. Mm. That but also too, you can even, like there are programs out there where even if it's not released to you, you can go and find a nine one one call online. That's crazy. Anyone can go and do that. Yes. Just insane. Yeah. Like whatever. But man, I don't know. This is, this one caught me off guard.


'cause I feel like Rich homie Quan, he's, he You know he's, he's been out the way he says to himself. But there was a lot of people, You know just sending there rest in pieces. I know one of the first artists I saw posted about it was Booie and he talked about how he had just spoken to him and You know, can't believe what was happening. A little Kim posted about their relationship as well too. Like just You know them having like a really great friendship Quavo posted and there was a photo circulating of, of like Quavo, Kevin Lyes takeoff Offset. And just looking at that photo, a lot of people were like, man, Atlanta, like we've lost so many good artists. And then Quavo Offset are not even speaking to each other. And, I You know these people are the sounds of Atlanta Rich homie. Quan was also in that photo as well too. What They speaking now?


As of yesterday? Yeah. Well I was about to say. And then after that happened, Quavo posted that him and Offset had a great conversation. He said it was You know a good convo with his bro and he put the infinity chain symbol in the prayer hands. So that's good. You know, I hate to see it happen through grief, but just to see that they're talking and they're there for each other. Because You know these guys all came up together. So I'm sure they have a relationship that none of us would ever understand. But there were also some things circulating online that I thought were pretty interesting. Just some conversations that Rich homie Kwan up been having over the time. And he struggled with addiction for some time. And again, his cause of death had not been confirmed. But there was a big conversation yesterday around You know, just some of the things that he had battled with while he was here.


Let's take a listen to him. On my expert opinion, I can't drop no music. My show Money Down And I a dark cloud over my head, bro. Paul was the person I would definitely say I probably was the lowest I was in my life. 'cause you gotta think, man, I went from here to here fast. I blamed myself. And, I, And I. And it is growth. And I know. It wasn't my fault. Was was it? Was it drugs involved? Oh hell yeah, man. I was on Moy every day. Geeked up, fight down. Listen, I'm talking bro. I felt like I, I couldn't do a show or a song without being on Malley before some type of way. We was doing so many shows I couldn't stay up. So I knew some people like, bro, I got something to keep you up. And Mother kept me up You know Machine after that.


Yeah. So he, I mean he had openly talked about his addiction, addictions and just the battle of being like You know. I feel like a lot of people felt like with Rich Homie Quan, like his music was a soundtrack of a, of a part, certain part of your life. And then he kind of took a step back. Like he was going through label stuff. He was going through stuff with like Thug and You know even to this day there were still going through things. And there was recently a, an interview that he did where he talked about reconciling with Young Thug. Let's take a a listen to that. And I heard you wanna say screaming free Thugger. Right? For sure. Is there any chance that at some point in the future either be unreleased music or whatnot that we'll hear y'all on a song together? Again? That I don't know because we do have a lot of unre.


We do have a lot of music that hasn't been released, but who knows what the fu a future holds. First and foremost, it's free throw. It's free. Anybody locked up? It's free Glue up Lucci. It's a, it's a, it's a touchy situation. So I try not to talk about it a lot. But I don't know what the future holds, man. You know what I'm saying? I wouldn't have a conversation. Okay. And then it'll start from there. Okay. For sure. I like that answer. Just thinking about thug, just You know, like a rich game reunion potentially. Right? And then now that not being able to happen, that You know. That's a, it's like, man. Well I will say this. I I did listen to the, to to the nine one one call And. I mean, it was just disheartening. One of the things that I want to tell everybody out there is during the call, You know the, the person on the call was trying to tell Rich homie's girlfriend how to do CPR.


Right? And was asking about a defibrillator. And I was thinking to myself, damn, if something happened to one of my kids and my family members, I don't know CPR. Yeah. Like, I wouldn't know what to do. And a normal person just doesn't have a defibrillator in their house. Like No, I know of it because they used to work on planes and when I heard her ask that, I'm like, that's like a normal question they ask. Yes. But it was it like a breathing device, right? No, it it's The thing that gives you shot Pumps your heart, like shock your heart to your heart. So you're supposed to do chest compressions and then you hit with the defibrillator to kind of get the person back going if they, But it made me who don't have that just sitting around in their house. That's what I said. But it made me order one yesterday. I, it it, I ordered one on Amazon. Me and my wife ordered one on Amazon and we scheduled our ourself to take classes. How much did that thing cost? Just in case my wife ordered it. It wasn't that expensive. But my wife you called that that expensive rich Dominican man.


I'm not Dominican, I'm black. But he ain't deny being rich though. You hear his name go away. Big envy. Not the little one. That's crazy. But it made me take, but see you're missing the point. It just made me in the family take classes, schedule classes for CPR. So how much this c cost. So, so we would learn how to do it, but I'm not, I don't even know what that is. I didn't know that. I would've never guessed that was the thing to do the chest. I thought that was something Do. Oh, you've never been on a plane when there's been a medical emergency? Nope. Thank God they got one up here. As soon as when you go to the bathroom, it's right on the right hand side. Defibrillator. Yeah. Normally it's on like planes. I'm steal that one. It's you steal. I Ain't, I gotta stop thinking that God Still the defibrillator. It's crazy. Jesus is Crazy. Listen, RIP to the young man, rich homie Quan sending healing energy to his family.


34 years old is way too young to pass. When I tell y'all 30 at 34, your life is just getting started. I pray. All you young individuals get the opportunity to grow old man. You know. And then you think about it too many to a lot of people. He's just an artist. But think about what he's a dad. Exactly. His son, what he means his family. That's what I'm saying, Man. I was, I was, I was told by the, the, the person that I was speaking to that his dad is so heart broken and they had a really close relationship. Yeah. His dad was his manager as well, I think. Yeah. Very close. I'm just saying that to say people don't look at these artists as like human beings. It's like you got, they got family, they got people that depend on them. That's all I think about when I, as soon as I hear situations like this, I don't think about nothing else other than damn his family, his kids, his, that's it.


His parents. He surprised a human being who provides for a lot of folks. Yep. Now he's gone. His him changing his life changed a lot of other people's lives. Yeah. Yeah. Man, he's no longer here. That's what I'd be thinking about. Yep. And a do y'all really gotta post text message, text messages and dms from people after they pass and it be messages don't, that don't have nothing to do with nothing. Do I really need to know that Rich homie Quan dmd you back be in 2015? Like literally. I mean, why, why do Y'all that? I just talked to him yesterday. Be Be I I I just talked to him August 17th, 2019. I seen that one too. I said, I'm like, yeah. I was like just, oh man. Well yeah, but definitely rest in peace too.


I didn't that one. I was just making stuff up. No, I seen, I show it to you. Please show me that one. Yeah. Yeah. It was up


NFL week one. It is finally here. And a new season means new ways to get in on the action at Draftking Sports Book, an official sports betting partner of the NFL. Are you ready to place your first bet? Try betting on something simple like picking a player to score a touchdown. Let's go Score big with DraftKings. Sportsbook the best place to bet touchdowns. Download the DraftKings Sportsbook app. Use the code Bobby Sports. Put in the code Bobby Sports and get $250 in bonus bets when you bet. Just five bucks. You heard that right? And get one month of NFL plus premium on DraftKings. That's right. DraftKings. The crown is yours. Gambling problem. Call 1-800-GAMBLER in New York. Call 8 7 7 8 Hope and y or text Hope and y 4 6 7 3 6 9 and Connecticut Help is available for problem gambling. Call 8 8 8 7 8 9 7 7 7 7 or visit cpg.org. Please play responsibly on behalf of Booth Hill, casino and Resort Kansas. 21 plus age and eligibility varies by jurisdiction void, New Hampshire, Oregon, and Ontario. Bonus bets expire 1 68 hours after issuance for additional terms and responsible gaming resources. C dk g.co/ft Ball. NFL plus premium offer available only to new and former NFL plus subscribers. Additional NFL plus premium terms at nfl.com/terms.


For decades, the mafia had New York City in a stranglehold with law enforcement seemingly powerless to intervene. It uses terror to extort people. But the murder of Carmic ante marked the beginning of the end, sparking a chain of events that would ultimately dismantle the most powerful crime organization in American history. It sent the message to them that we can prosecute these people. Discover how a group of young prosecutors took on the mafia. And with the help of law enforcement brought down its most powerful figures. These bosses on the commission had no idea what was coming their way from the federal government, From Wolf Entertainment and iHeartPodcasts. This is Law and Order. Criminal justice system. Listen to law and order criminal justice system on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts


This summer, a lone gunman on a rooftop reminded us that American presidents have long been the targets of assassins. Nearly 50 years ago, president Gerald Ford faced two attempts on his life. In less than three weeks, a a woman Fired a shot at President Ford. President Gerald R. Ford came stunningly close to being the victim. A woman dressed in a long red skirt pointed a 45 caliber pistol at the President. These are the only two times we know of that a woman has tried to assassinate a US president and the two assassins had never met. One was a protege of infamous cult leader Charles Manson. She Is 26-year-old Lynette Alice Fromm. Nicknamed Squeaky. I always felt like Lynette was kind of his right hand woman. The other, a middle-aged housewife working undercover for the FBI in the violent revolutionary underground Identified by police as Sarah Jean Moore, Sarah Jane could enter into these areas that other people couldn't. A spy. Basically The story of one strange and violent summer. This season on Rip Current. Listen to Rip Current on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts or wherever you listen to your favorite shows.


I've been thinking about you. I want you back in my life. It's too late for that. I have a proposal for you. Come up here and document my project. All you need to do is record everything like you always do. One session, 24 hours BPM 1 10, 1 20. She's terrified. Should we wake Her up? Absolutely not. What was that? You didn't figure it out. I think I need to hear you say It. That was Live Audio of a Woman's Nightmare. This machine is approved and everything you're allowed to be doing this. We passed the review board a year ago for not hurting people. There's nothing dangerous about what you're doing. They're just dreams. Dream Sequence is a new horror thriller from Blumhouse television, iHeartRadio and Realm. Listen to Dream sequence on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts.


I'm Angie Martinez. Check out my podcast where I talk to some of the biggest athletes, musicians, actors in The, World. We go beyond the headlines and the sound bites that have real conversations about real life, death, love, and everything in between. This life right here, just finding myself just, just relaxation this not feeling stressed, this not feeling pressed. This is what I'm most proud of. I'm, I'm proud of Mary because I've been through hell and some horrible things. That feeling that I had of inadequacy is gone. You gonna die being you. So you gotta constantly work on who you are to make sure that the stars align correctly. Life ain't easy and it's getting harder and harder. So If, you have a story to tell If you come through some trials with you. You need to share it. 'cause you're gonna inspire someone. You're gonna, you're gonna give somebody the motivation to not give up, to not quit. Listen to Angie Martinez, IRL on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts or wherever you get your podcasts.


Like a to a message from 2020. I like, it just doesn't even make sense. It was, It was a lot of little messages floating around yesterday for Retire. But why, why do people do that? Why you gotta repost, repost text messages and DM For what? I don't Know. I don't know either. Just to let people know. You know him. All right. Well again, send healing energy to his family and, and rest in peace. And that is just with the mess with Lauren LaRosa. All right, can we, can we play Rich Quan joint? Yeah. We got some for the top of hour. You got some lifestyle or I know we played type of way earlier. Lifestyle. Lifestyle. All. We'll get into that. All right. It's The. Breakfast. Club. Good morning. Wake up. You're locked into The. Breakfast, Club. Morning everybody. It's djj. nv Jess. Hilarious. Charlemagne the guy.


We are The. Breakfast. Club. Lauren LaRosa filling in for Jess. And let's get in some front page news. What's up Morgan? Yeah, so Republican vice presidential candidate, JD Vance. He spoke in Arizona yesterday about how families can alleviate some of the pressures of childcare costs. Let's hear more from Vance on childcare. So one of the ways that you might be able to relieve a little bit of pressure on people who are, who are paying so much for daycare is make it so that that You know, maybe like grandma or grandpa wants to help out a little bit more. Or maybe there's an aunt or uncle that wants to help out a little bit more. If that happens, you relieve some of the pressure on all the resources that we're spending in a daycare. Now you talk about just daycare. Let's say you don't have somebody who, who who can provide that extra set of hands.


What we've gotta do is actually empower people to get trained in the skills that they need for the 21st century. We've got a lot of people who love kids, who would love to take care of kids, but they can't either because they don't have access to the education that they need. Who the hell is he talking to? Okay, we've been doing that. I, I've been alive since 1,978. Okay? That was all, that was always the way things were done. You know why? Because we couldn't afford childcare. So if lock it. So if grandma was home, And I was home, please watch these kids. Alright now, Now it Grandma gotta have a life too. Auntie need a life too. That's right. But Vance, he did also address the school shooting. He called for tighter school security after the recent shooting in Georgia and said school shootings are a quote, fact of life.


Vance went on to say, schools must be prepared for shooting scenarios, telling the crowd, it is the reality that we live in. Let's hear more from Vance on the school shooting. I don't like this. I don't like to admit this, I don't like that this is a fact of life. But if you're If, you are a psycho and you wanna make headlines, you realize that our schools are soft targets and we have gotta bolster security at our schools. You've got some states with very strict gun laws and you've got some states that don't have strict gun laws at all. And the states with strict gun laws, they have a lot of school shootings and the states without strict gun laws. Some of them have school shootings too. What some of that I agree with You. know what I'm saying? Because even if there is some type of common sense gun reform passed, which it won't be because too many of these senators are, are in the You know pockets that are nra.


Even if there is some type of common sense gun reform, even if there is You know more mental health resources provided to people. I still think that there should be tighter security at these schools. Like I, I truly believe that. But the only thing, the other thing that only other thing they can really do is have metal detectors at every school. Right? I think they should because they had two police officers there. So it wasn't like, there weren't no police officers there. So the only thing that they could possibly do is have metal detectors. I think they should have metal detectives I think should Have. And mental health professionals too, to Charlemagne's Point, You know mental health professionals could probably help if You know that somebody is going through something. And meanwhile we knew we, we knew that this, this kid was actually being investigated. So if that's a thing, then maybe You know the school is looped in on those correspondence as well. Speaking of which, the father of the suspect in Wednesday school shooting, he is being arrested and charged with murder.


Let's hear from GBI. That's the Georgia Bureau of Investigation announcing those charges In coordination with the district attorney. With district Attorney Brad Smith, the GBI has arrested Colin Gray, age 54 in connection to the shooting here at Appalachia High School. These charges stem from Mr. Gray knowingly allowing his son Colt to possess a weapon. Colin Gray is the dad. He says he bought the gun as a gift for his son. And he told investigators that he bought an AR 15 style rifle as a holiday present for his son back in December of 2023. Now that is the same year the boy was investigated for making school threats online.


That was May of 2023 when he made those threats. Now Colin Gray has been charged with four counts of involuntary manslaughter, two counts of second degree murder, and eight counts of cruelty to children. His son, 14-year-old Colt Gray, who carried out the shooting, was charged with four counts of felony murder and is set to appear in court this morning where he will be charged as an adult. He's accused of killing two students and two teachers at Appalachia High School and Winder, which is located about 50 miles northeast of Atlanta, just west of Athens, Georgia. Nine others were also injured in that incident. Very, very sad. I don't, but If, you said yesterday the parents are going to be held responsible. But this is the problem, right? There is no minimum age to possess a rifle in Georgia.


There is no minimum age. That's insane. So is it against the law? Yeah, I wanna see the parents be arrested because I feel like the parents should have made sure it was locked, locked up. But if there is no minimum age to possess a rifle in Georgia, what are you? What what? Like what? What's the real charge? Because the kid could have a rifle in, in that state, right? Maybe neglect. I don't know. But You know. I I'll say this, man. It's no one way that this problem will be corrected. There's no one way. The problem of mass shootings in America will be corrected. It's gonna take a lot of things over a long time. And it's all of these things we're talking about. Yes, you're gonna need more mental health resources. Yes. You need common sense gun reform. Yes. In some cases you gotta charge the parents. You know when these kids get access to these weapons, You know when they take 'em out the house, whatever it is.


And you're gonna need more security in schools. It's gonna take all of that to stop this epidemic that is mass shootings than school and it's gonna take all of those efforts over a long period of time. Yeah, But when does this stuff like actually kick in? 'cause this is the conversation every single time and then happen. Well, it's, It's gotta happen. The thing is, it's gotta start. We haven't had, all these things we're talking about haven't happened. Mm. There isn't common sense gun reform, right? There isn't more mental health resources being provided, right? So all these things, there is no security in schools like it should be. So all of these, we gotta get started. And then, and then not only that, right? If if the FBI was talking to this kid, right? And this kid was attending this school that my kid is attending, I think the parents should know, think needs the parents the option to, to know and understand so they know what's going on.


And if this kid is talking so crazy that the FBI is talking to him, I should have the right to be like, You know what? I don't want my kid to go to their school. I don't think, did they, did they not know that the parent, I didn't, I don't, I have no idea if the parents knew or not. But the fact that that was happening and that I don't even think he should have been allowed back into a regular school that fast. Like a year later after the FBI is in your home asking you about threats online. Like I don't, I Don't think the person, yeah, I read an article that said he was, that he was crying for help. So somebody knew something. Yeah, I just think all that happened too fast. It was like, oh, okay. Made a little mistake on a video game, send him back to school. Like no, Nah, nah. Yeah, definitely need to go to alternative school for it for a little bit of time. You know, rehab rehabilitate 'em or us or something to that effect.


I'm not sure, but yeah. Yeah. Like to your point, bringing all the resources. NFL kicked off yesterday. And of course You know the Ravens lost to the Chiefs 27 to 20 at Arrowhead Stadium on Thursday. How do You feel about that, Morgan? I'm a little salty You. know what I'm saying? But You know they can't keep beating us. So I'm gonna just put it to that You know that's completed, completed 2020 of 28 passes for 291 yards, one touchdown and one interception. And of course, yeah, they, yeah, they, they took on it. But NFL continues week one. The Eagles are in Brazil to night to play the Packers. And of course, Sunday night football or Sunday football continues. I don't know. Let's get, yeah, that's your front page news. So follow me on social at Morgan Media and for more news coverage, follow at Black Information Network.


Download free iHeartRadio app and visit BIN news.com. Happy Friday y'all. You So flustered. When your ravens lost, you are so flustered. Mm Man. I'm telling you I'm gonna need this weekend to recover. We'll be back at it. All right. Now when we come back, Kevin Hart and Will Packer will be joining us. Their new series Fight Night. The Million Dollar Heist is out right now. They dropped three episodes yesterday and we gonna talk to them when we come back. It's The, Breakfast. Club. Good morning, The. Breakfast Club. Morning everybody. It's DJ Envy, Jess Solar. Charlemagne the God We are The. Breakfast. Club Breakfast. Jess is out today. That's right. She's on maternity leave. So Lauren la Congratulations Jess. And we got some special guests in the building. Ladies and gentlemen, we have Will Packer.


That's right. What's happening? And we have Kevin Hart. Kevin Hart, he's here. We have, he's here. We here. Play Night. Kevin Hart. Is that too loud for you? So Kevin was supposed to be here. Can I, can I tell you the irony of this? Right? Kevs hung over right now. But If, you read the first chapter in Will Packer's book. He has a chapter called We Gonna Die Tonight. Right? It's true. And it's essentially this story. This is what you were worried about Will No, on all seriousness. So last night You know we're doing promo and everything for Fight Night. We're rolling out all the carpet of the carpets. So before the actual premiere we announced it. But I had to leave 'cause I had to do Seth Meyers. Yeah. And Seth Meyers has a segment called Drinking with Seth.


You go to a bar and Seth makes these drinks or whatever and it's like You know for hour and a half to two hours you're drinking throughout the interview. What could go wrong with that? You know, I don't drink anything outside of my tequila at this point in my life. So You know Grand Carino. Anything else? Great tequila, by the way. Anything else I'm very unfamiliar with? And Seth said, let's close it out with your tequila, but let's start it with everything. So he threw it all at me. Like I'm talking with it's you Jaga Mester and Wild Turkey. I mean we were brown, we were dark. Kevin, you too old for you too old to be mixed say, but no is a complete sentence. You can, but you have to understand the beauty of good television.


And it was a good conversation, great interview. And while we're drinking for good reason behind the answers and we, we finished it with the tequila, we went through a lot. And. I. I just don't remember the the back half of the the time. And that's why I didn't show up to the after party. Right. I missed that. Right. And this morning at 6:00 AM I would've been here bro. Why couldn't you miss the after party after the garden that night? So y'all could have just got back to You know Atlanta. Because we weren't drinking. That's why I don't wanna say why he's being a Kevin. It was our, we weren't up like, oh man, where's my jacket? We were just out. I had a show back. If, you guys the biggest movie of our career. Okay, where's your tampon?


And he leaves Christ He books. It's a show at Madison Square Garden. He tapes a comedy special in the middle of our movie booked. It's not wrong. Right? And so he left the show in the middle of it, right? Biggest movie for Universe Studios. He leaves. But You know what he does because this is the evil genius of Kevin Hart. He goes, Hey man, I gotta do this show. It's next week. You know with me. He tells me a week before he goes, Hey You know what you and Tim story, the director on on. Come on. Like, he's like, I got the Jet You. know what? Bring your, bring the wine. Your wife, the so my dumb ass. I'm like, You. know what he brought the and You know what he said. He said, that way you can make sure that we get back on time.


Yeah. Because I knew we had to shoot the next day. So we were shooting one day. He's gonna go do the show that night and then we had to shoot the next morning on a location. We could only get that day You know what it's called. He's like, come with me. You know what's called driver an alibi. So to get He's absolutely right. Absolutely right. That's a lie. He's absolutely right. Can't think I'm a professional because the director and a producer with me. Right? You can't think I'm an as. They would beat an too, Kevin has an amazing show at Madison Square Guard Art. The celebs come out afterwards. We had an after party that he did not tell me about. I'm in there with Carmelo Anthony buying bottles going, oh, we dying tonight. Why we turning up tonight? Why is wars have power? Why are we gonna die tonight?


This is when, well, we gonna die tonight means we're having a good time. If, you are choosing to die of a life. How good of a time is that? Huh? Last night I didn't say we gonna die tonight. And I was like, oh, this is work night. When I was in that club, And I saw my career flashing before my eyes. 'cause I realized there was no way we gonna be able to get back in time. I had that moment. 'cause I'm sitting there looking at Kev And. I realized we're not gonna make it. And Kev looks at me, he goes, well we tried. We tried. That was it. I looked at Kevin Hart, And. I realized that he had convinced me, the producer and director of the movie, to get on a jet with him. So that when Universal called and said, why are y'all over budget and not able to finish the movie? And they say, well Kevin Hart Will, packer and Tim story were so the producer went with them, it would be on me.


I was complicit. I realized that was his evil plan all alone, all in it. We called him a diabolical rascal spawn of Satan. That's true, by the way. And he means that. Exactly. Exactly. He means that I love him. But that's truer words never spoken. Sir. I'll, I'll ask you and your listeners what is a life without a great story? It's something that can't be talked about. It's untold. A life without stories is nothing you need stories. That's right. Good. And the bad He's ing about a great story. Yeah. Yeah. And by the way, that story did what amplified our relationship. And look at where we are now. Fight night. Huh? We're talking about something else that we're yet in business and we produced and developed together.


Do we get here without that moment? No, we do not. So why did you still wanna be his friend after that? After you figured that out, you could've said You know what? This relationship no longer happens. See what I'm saying? But you decided to jump back. You needed me. You need, you need a little that envy. I'm so afraid that if I leave Kevin Hart's like he'll just implode. Right? He just burn up on the spot. I just don't know what he'd do without me. I'll be honest with you. It's close to being over. It's Ghost isn't About you two. That works so well because even like just hear with you guys in person, it's like I could, I could listen to this back and forth all day long. Like Real talk each other's most frequent collaborators. Kevin done a ton of movies. I've done a ton of movies, TV projects.


We haven't worked with anybody else more than we've worked with each other. I'll give, I'll give will this on air and half of it is because I'm still drunk and drunk by the way, offer of some of the best tequila in the market. No, that's not me comes because court mean commercial. But it's just a time to let people know it's nice little when it comes to smooth taste and it comes to elegant different product. Well you gotta understand what and why Grain Court Meano is that and has been that, which is why I drink it at the level that I do. But it's not about that right now. It's not about the product, it's about the passion. Let's get to that and we'll toast it that after with Grand Corino. But I will say this is about Will I don't get to where I got in career or business without the information and relationship of Will Packer You.


know what I mean? Like when it came to producing and when it came to development or it came to packaging, will Packer is the guy that was the definition of what that was. So from the early days of Think Like a Man, he was the producer that came to me and said, Hey, I got this thing. I'm gonna do this thing And I think you are the guy. And those are words. Words without action are just that. He put action behind the words. Everything he said he would do, he did. He got the people he wrangled, wrangled, the directors, the actors, the actresses, the producer, partners, writers, et cetera. He configured a way to formulate and activate And. I was like God damn man. Like how do you do that? And he taught me, will taught me how to do it. And as I progressed, I never forgot who he was and what he was.


So our relationship today is based off of never forget like you don't, you don't forget the real side of success attached to just Care. He gave a About Me then he gives more a About Me now in return I doubled down on my level of giving a fuck about him. So I don't wanna win if I can't figure out a way to win with my brother. So the commitment that we made was, Hey man, let's figure out a way to continue. Although Kev, you're doing and you have, but how do we still do And? I love the fact that we still are and we're committed to figuring out more ways to do more. And what you're seeing today is a definition of what we want people to follow through with. Like we are no egos.


We are help your brothers so he can help you. We are that And I think it's the best story in Hollywood if people were more privy to how deep and like in depth it actually is. Facts, right? Real time sense. Yeah, real time. Alright, we got more with Kevin Hart and Will Packer when we come back. Don't move. It's The. Breakfast, Club. Good morning everybody. It's DJ Envy, just hilarious. Charlemagne the guy. We are The Breakfast. Club. Lauren's filling in for Jess and we're still kicking it with Kevin Hart and Will Packer Charlemagne the Fight Night TV show, right? It shows these characters operating within a black world where they all hold power. So to your point Kev, how effective has that concept been for, for you both in The World of Hollywood? I think, I think it hasn't been effective enough.


And, I. Think You know when you look at the Ice Cube and Kevin Hart of it all, all the middle common denominator packing. Alright guys, let's do this, but let's make it and Cube come in and like there's always a a through line of connectivity and that person has to be willing to go above and beyond. Fight Night is the definition of going above and beyond. Alright Kev, I got this idea. The idea came after I was supposed to do uptown Saturday night Uptown Saturday night was gonna be me and Chadwick Bozeman rest in peace to the legend himself. I had no idea, well I don't wanna do this anymore. I can't do that without Chadwick. That project is dead to me. Will had the actual rights, the original story, the true story.


So Will came to me. I said, will I can't do a comedy because of this? Can it be serious? Can we do it in a way to where it's like a lot deeper, raw, real? He said Kevin, absolutely. Hey, the podcast was points me to the podcast that he was a part of that understood, et cetera. Alright, this is like real information now. Real knowledge, real. I'm a fuck with it because of you. But let's make sure that we try to go above and beyond to package it correctly. How do we do a premium cultural like piece of IP that has the bandwidth to live forever? And you can't do that without big stars. To get big stars, you need real relationships. So the leverage of understanding that we both shared and that we had at the top of get the studio's commitment, get the studio to back in support, then go get the talent.


I gotta be honest with you, my guy was a big part of all of that conversation. And I followed the lead of most And I. Think where we were collaborative was dope and the outcome was amazing. Talent configuration. And now an example of what the business should follow through with That part is true. I will tell you that like, like Kepp has definitely reached a part in his career, a moment in his career where You know you've had success. And it's like how do you grow? How do you work with people that you respect? And how do you build a machine that then empowers others? It's interesting. Charlamagne you talked about like The World of Fight Night. Fight Night is really about a group of hustlers, dreamers, entrepreneurs who were trying to take Atlanta and turn it into something.


This is back in 1970, right? Martin Luther King had just been shot a couple years earlier. Atlanta was like seen as a small country town that You know had a couple civil rights folks. Like people didn't know if it was gonna be the next Charlotte or Birmingham. And nothing wrong with those cities, but it definitely wasn't looked at on the level of like a global superpower or right New York, Chicago, LA You know it was Atlanta and it was not respected. But you had a group of folks, which is not unlike how black Hollywood is right now, where you got a group of dreamers trying to figure out how do we work together. Now, of course in Fight Night, you got You know a character who's Kevin's character. He's a hustler. He's going, yo, gimme a shot, gimme a chance. I can just turn it Atlanta into something great. Chicken Man. Chicken Man.


Weirdly, Sam Jackson who plays the big gangster, the black Godfather in the show. He actually has also got a dream too, right? Even though he is a big gangster, he's running a black mafia. His dream is saying You know what? The white man's been holding me down for a very long time. If y'all give me a shot, an opportunity I can take over Atlanta. I can turn Atlanta into a Black mecca.


For decades, the Mafia had New York City in a stranglehold with law enforcement seemingly powerless to intervene. It uses terror to extort people. But the murder of Carmic Ante marked the beginning of the end, sparking a chain of events that would ultimately dismantle the most powerful crime organization in American history. It sent the message to them that we can prosecute these people. Discover how a group of young prosecutors took on the mafia. And with the help of law enforcement brought down its most powerful figures. These bosses on the commission had no idea what was coming their way. From the federal government, From Wolf Entertainment and iHeartPodcasts. This is law and order. Criminal justice system. Listen to law and order criminal justice system on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts.


This summer, a lone gunman on a rooftop reminded us that American presidents have long been the targets of assassins. Nearly 50 years ago, president Gerald Ford faced two attempts on his life. In less than three weeks, a woman Fired a shot at President four, president Gerald R. Ford came stunningly close to being the victim. A woman Dressed in a long red skirt pointed a 45 caliber pistol at the President. These are the only two times we know of that a woman has tried to assassinate a US president and the two assassins had never met. One was a protege of infamous cult leader Charles Manson. She is 26-year-old Lynette Alice Fromm. Nicknamed Squeaky. I always felt like Lynette was kind of his right hand woman. The other, a middle-aged housewife working undercover for the FBI in the violent revolutionary underground Identified by police as Sarah Jane Moore, Sarah Jane could enter into these areas that other people couldn't. A spy. Basically The story of one strange and violent summer. This season on Rip Current, Listen to Rip Current on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts or wherever you listen to your favorite shows.


I've been thinking about you. I want you back in my life. It's too late for that. I have a proposal for you. Come up here and document my project. All you need to do is record everything like you always do. One session, 24 hours. BPM. 1 10, 1 20. She's terrified. Should we Wake her up? Absolutely not. What was that? You didn't figure it out. I think I need to hear you say It. That was Live Audio of a Woman's Nightmare. This machine is approved and everything you're allowed to be doing this. We passed the review board a year ago. We're not hurting people. There's nothing dangerous about what you're doing. They're just dreams. Dream Sequence is a new horror thriller from Blumhouse television, iHeartRadio and Realm. Listen to Dream sequence on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts.


I'm Angie Martinez. Check out my podcast where I talk to some of the biggest athletes, musicians, actors in The, World. We go beyond the headlines and the sound bites that have real conversations about real life, death, love, and everything in between. This life right here, just finding myself just, just relaxation this not feeling stressed, this not feeling pressed. This is what I'm most proud of. I'm, I'm proud of Mary because I've been through hell and some horrible things. That feeling that I had of inadequacy is gone. You gonna die being you. So you gotta constantly work on who you are to make sure that the stars align correctly. Life ain't easy and it's getting harder and harder. So If, you have a story to tell If you come through some tries with you. You need to share it 'cause you're gonna inspire someone. You're gonna, you are gonna give somebody the motivation to not give up, to not quit. Listen to Angie Martinez, IRL on the iHeartRadio app. apple Podcasts or wherever you get your podcasts.


New from embedded. Who gets to compete as a woman? This question came up in ugly form at the Paris Olympics, but it's not new. If she runs like a man and talks like a man, is she a man? Hear about the long history of sex testing women athletes on tested a new series from CBC and NPRs embedded podcast. Listen to all episodes on the iHeartRadio app or wherever you get your podcasts.


Oddly, even though like Kevin Sam's characters are at odds when most of the series, the reality is is that they have the same kind of a dream. That's kind of how it is right now in terms of like folks like us in Hollywood in real life who are all trying to work together. Is it true that Samuel Jackson was really there in Atlanta during that time? Yeah. Right there dog. He was at Morehouse. Yeah, Sam old us. Sam might hear this. I remember like we were, we were on a call with Sam at the start of it. When Sam said like, yo, he liked it, he would do it. We were on a call, we going through the material seeing what Sam said about the character. And Sam was like, yeah man, y'all gotta change a lot of the shit. 'cause more happened. Then I was like, well Sam You know. I think we got the story. You know. 'cause we You know the podcast and everything. We got the real information.


He like, I was there. He did. He definitely did. Yeah. What do you mean by that? That happened? He's very adamant about telling you. Yeah. Where he was. What he knows. So the story of Fight Night got better. It got so much better as we went on. How do you manage all these big ass personalities, bro, bro, serious. Kevin Hart, Roger Pson, Samuel Jackson, Don Teel. How do you do it? That is the hardest part of the job as a producer You. know what I mean? And in real talk it's, it's awesome when you got somebody like Kev who gets it. Yeah. Who understands at the end of the day what the bigger picture is. But a lot of times, I don't care if it's You know Hollywood music, You know, stock market, whatever it is, tell the truth.


People If. you say, you say Kev aint right on air. Can you talk to them for me? What you say? How much do you argue with Kev though? 'cause he seems like he's a lot. Lemme tell you something. I'm, I'm the least and then I'm the least problem that you will ever have in any work environment. That's true. And unproblematic. He is unproblematic. I mean the challenge with Kevin is he will overdo things, right? He'll do things like have a show in Madison Square Garden at the same time that we have a big scene in our movie. Now he is. That's the one. That's the one. He's not, he's not a moderation guy. You know what I mean? That's part of the chop. So cheese. Yeah, just take that sandwich. That's why I'm here on The Breakfast Club. He eating this, this Turkey sandwich trying to get some grease in his cut. It's still hot. It didn't burn you when you, you should at least let it cool a little bit.


Come on animal. This is what I needed. Yeah, this is it. That what Hollywood Juice is why I can't take, listen, I can't take him serious. He does a phenomenal job as Chicken Man. Yeah, but I can't take him serious in dramas. 'cause it just always seems like to make you laugh. It's always jokes that, but can I tell you something real talk Chicken Man's his best work yet Dramatically. I'm telling you, you look at what he's doing with his eyes and You know a lot of people You know it's known that comedians, they they, they pull from pain, right? And that's how they deflect. And that's where a lot of the co comedy comes from. Kevin, no exception. But the reality is that when he said We gotta do this as a drama, that was a big risk. Because people say, all right, fight Night. Kevin Hart star in there, let's go. I'm ready to laugh. Like you said Charlotte, man. But the reality is that this is, it's serious now.


You have moments of levity, but the tone make no mistake is dramatic. Like it goes there that you challenge yourself to do things outside of just comedy. Say, I just don't want this comedic role, I want this serious role. Do you challenge yourself or do you just take roles that come? None. None of it is a challenge by the way. I'm developing the things that I do. Nothing is coming to me. I'm creating the things or I'm a part of the process of how it gets to the final stages. I'm at that point. But I have no desire for the star of Kevin Hart to get bigger. That's so gone and done with. I'm more about the success of others. The success of the entity. The success of the brand. Yep. And I'm more importantly the success of what we represent and what we can look back and say we did.


Yep. That's bigger now than a conversation of myself. I did it. I'm done. What, what else am I gonna do at this point? Alright, we got more with Kevin Hart and Will Packer when we come back Is The Breakfast. Club. Good morning. Morning everybody. We are at The. Breakfast Club. Lauren Oz's filling in for Jess and we are still kicking it with Kevin Hart and Will Packer Charlamagne. Was it hard to find someone to play Muhammad Ali? And did you ever consider Will Smith? We kind of Poor Will Smith. Very, very challenging, right? And I think that you gotta understand, obviously that's an icon he's been portrayed before. For us it was about finding a newcomer that wouldn't pull you out because these other characters you didn't know, nobody knew Chicken Man Kal Hart's character or, or, or Vivian Tara Roger's character or Frank Moton You know Sam's character.


But You know. Everybody knows Muhammad Ali. So I think to have somebody in that role who you had some familiarity with and who you associated with something else would've pulled you out. And we really wanted to immerse you even with these big stars. We really wanted to take you to a time period, right? 50 years ago, and really drop you in and be as authentic as possible. And we've paid a lot of attention to the detail and the nuances to try to get this thing right. Boy, boy did we choose, right? Yeah. Come on man. This cast, and by the way, not just the big names that You know, like talking about Muhammad Ali, oh, Dexter Dart, Dexter. Dexter, Dexter Dar, you're gonna be hearing a lot from him. There's some young gunners in this cast that you're gonna be hearing that I, I predict you're gonna look back and go, yo, remember when so and so went toe to toe with, with Kevin Hart and Sam Jackson Edar.


Yes. Melvin. Greg Melvin. Greg Miles, Bullock Qua Walls, Chloe Bailey, her thing. Yep. Lloyd Harvey jumps in, I think I think you have the feature of it was h Yeah. Her wife said that And I was like, I don't think that's Lori. She like, she looked so different. Layla h No, but I think you're, you're seeing an amazing example of baton passing. You're, you're looking at people that are established have been established for so long and Sam and Taraji and Terrance and Don. Yeah. And then you also have the second tier of talent that is a valuable piece of this puzzle where they're toe to toe with the big names and you don't blink an eye.


Right. You understand why everybody is there and you respect the talent on screen and you still respect the story. You're never taken outside of the story. So for that younger generation that we were able to onboard, no question. It's a, it's a great example of what we want to do. No question. We wanna be the example for the next generation. The bridge. We wanna be the example for Global Success Four or the new star that popped on. Yep. If we we're part of those stories then how dope is that? Like Yep. That's the biggest side of the conversation Of what? Resa Celeste, Jalen Hall. These are names you gonna know. I'll be fine. I was late here. I'll be late. Go ahead Lauren. Monique and Lee Daniels.


Yes. Just did the deliverance. Yes. Are we ever gonna see a reconciliation with you and her because she I don't have a problem mon. I know that. There's no problem reconcile. No, but she has said that like I know when she was doing club, she, she, and they talked about it and the she, she was talking about the phone call that happened from your team or whatever. Right. Is there ever gonna be a conversation that we hear you talk about where y'all two have another conversation about that and move forward? I'll challenge your question with a better question. Go ahead. You been doing this for A long time. You ever hear me talk about anyone? Do you ever hear anything bad come from me? No. There's no problem between me, me and Monique, there never will be. There's no problem between me and anybody else. There's nothing to reconcile. There's no problem. So all these problems that have been attached to Kevin Hart, they're one sided.


I don't have a problem with anybody. I agree with that. It takes, takes two people right. To have a conflict. That's what it has to be. It's, it's not a thing. Social media has us up to the point of what you hear is what you're forced to believe. Got you. You do not understand like the common ground for a truth is always a conversation. And if there ever is a conversation, then you're not forward facing in a public statement ever. I didn't say anything about what I did for Monique or my gestures of you never would've heard it. That's a, it's a one-sided version or reason for, and by the way, I have no rebuttal to it. I stand on the side of I'm unproblematic. And if me and Mo wanna do or could do or would do, we will.


But that's a me and Mo thing. Yeah. Like the, this new thing that people are like, lemme tell you something world. Yeah. That's a very like, that's a lemme I, I wanna be honest, I'm 45 years old. I'm 45 years old and by the way, team or not, it's not hard to find me. Yeah. Like You know what my schedule is online. So she hasn't hit you since all of that stuff. Me and Monique have had conversations and those are me and Monique's conversations. There you go. Before and after. There you, that's called adulting. There you go. I don't, I don't. Unad adult. Yeah. So all of these new ways of conversation and finger pointing, it's very easy. But You know what, that's what I like about the movie fighting that, right?


'cause it seems like they show each character in the movie as a hero in their own story, but a villain in somebody else's. So you see those, yes. It's always different for somebody. It's dual. It's a super complicated narrative. Which are my favorite kinds because you're protagonist, right? Your quote unquote heroes are very gray and are very flawed like in real life. And your antagonist are people that you root for that. Those are my favorite kinds of narratives. I love that because we all know The World is not black and white, right? And so you're absolutely right. It's about complex people at a complex time. And that's really what the show was. There's not a bigger supporter for the movement of people doing good. And Monique Lee Daniels reconciling that relationship however it happened, great dope for them.


Did a movie together after Great story. Dope for them. I wanna see more keep doing great the conversation of anything else negative attached to a person's and their reservations and feelings. To me, I wanna see nothing but good for all. Like I would love to see us all win. I would love to see us all at a table where we all can do, if it happens, great. If it doesn't, I guess it wasn't meant to be. But you can't have a stance of negativity. Also a like a real initiative to move forward and like motivate, inspire, create, or do whatever. You can't be both. So it's either like you are one of the other and If, you are part of creativity, inspiration, collaboration, motivation, connectivity.


Then that has to be it. And whatever you gather along the way and whoever you align yourself with along the way, well y'all all a part of the same story. If things fall apart through the duration of it wasn't meant to be on that train. Some people miss a train. It's just life. Some people don't make it. And time to catch the train and the train is going to go is going to go. Why do you think trains can't stop fast? They're moving. So either you are on the train or you're not. And If you didn't catch the next train. That's life. What makes it successful? 'cause You know Hollywood didn't change before it was blockbuster movies. But now, I mean there's so many other platforms to put your movie on. Yeah. So what is successful for? But You know there's still quanti quantitative metrics that they use to determine quantitative learned that at HBCU brother just letting You know he ain't never been.


He did. I'm just, well why is it 'cause reality is that you still have ways that you can determine how You know how many people watched it if the audience was into it, if they were engaged. And that stuff is important. And so that is definitely a part of what we do. Honestly though right now it's about I just want people to feel stuff You. know what I mean? I wanna feel like we're touching the culture. You know. I wanna feel like whatever it is that we do, we don't have people feeling like we wasted their time. Got it. That's, that's the point that we at And inclusion, the big takeaway is for audience. A very simple man.


The first one of course is fight night now, now streaming on Peacock. Do yourself a service and us a favor. Go watch it. A very good show. An amazing story that I think should have been told a long time ago. But for the city of Atlanta that we all know and love, it's a great highlight of how Atlanta got to be what it is now. Facts, understanding the early stages of it, understanding the origin for us all, especially people of color, culture. We need to know. Yeah, it's a great story. Eight parts, eight part limits is eight part three parts out right now. Dropping one per week. If you if you're like a lot of us, you looking for, what's that next series I can really get into and really get into the characters and follow. It's really good. We are challenging you. Let this be your next series. That's what I want you to walk for.


Lastly, I want everybody to vote. That's the last thing I was saying I'm gonna tell you to vote for. But we will be remiss we didn't get on this platform and say that it's real is real. And these are challenging times. Make your voice heard one way or another. It matters. You can tell me who you voting for. For Kamala Harris. I'm voting for Kamala Harris. No question. I appreciate that black man. 'cause we need more of us saying that. That's right. But that's my choice. That's what I choose to do. Call my politics because I need everybody that we, Patrick, thank you family. We appreciate y'all. It's The. Breakfast, Club. Good morning everybody. It it's Djj Envy. Jess. Hilarious. Charlamagne the guy. Where is Charlamagne? Go that fast. We are The. Breakfast. Club. Lauren is filling in for Jess and let's get to Jess with the mess with Lauren. LaRosa news is real Moore Jess don't do no lying.


She don't nobody worldwide mess on The. Breakfast Club. She's the coaches. Lauren. Lauren, I'm back. And. I got the Mess. Talk to me. All right y'all. So we had talked earlier about the NFL kickoff game, the chiefs playing and all that good stuff. But on the back end people got upset again at that game. Why? 'cause the black national anthem was sung at the opening of the game in addition to the regular national anthem, which happens. You know they've been playing the black national anthem. Let every voice and sing. Well they had two, well they had a, I about to say two black quarterbacks but a black quarterback and a half.


What? A black quarterback and a half. He's two black quarterbacks man. He saying they gotta get, get why Y'all don't have a one. Acknowledge people's other side. He's okay. Okay. Two black quarterbacks. And I feel like If. you mixed you black. Lamar Jackson Black and Patrick Mahomes is biracial. It's okay guys. Depending on how you grew up If, You then you still celebrate that. A black quarterback and a half starting the NFL game. That's big. Yeah. So 1.5 black quarterback 1.5. So they brought out the national anthem You. know what I mean? So did they do the Whole thing, Like sing it? Yes, I'm sure they did. But they were supposed to do like song, just making Sure. So Tasha Cobbs Leonard sung, lift every Voice and Sing and then Coco Jones sung the national anthem. And my whole thing with this is, is like people are online upset and even the conversation we're having in the room, it's like a normal thing for people to be upset about this.


But they've been doing this since 2020 after George Floyd. So at this point it's like why do people get so upset when things change? But like on our side, when things change for us, we just gotta like accept it and move on. They just be mad they don't know the words. That's all. Maybe that's It. Learn the song. You'll love It. They're calling it racist. What? Because it's a black national anthem. Well the reason we had to come up with a black national anthem 'cause America was racist. Black People can't be racist. You only recognized this as three fists of human at one point. Black People can't be racist. But yeah, so that happened there also, I mean I mentioned earlier that Taylor Swift was there. She was in Versace. In case you got scared. You talk about Travis Kel looking like a whole cracker. I've been told y'all, I ain't never seen that You know more Tims.


He look maga white people. He No, he been stopped all that. He's been giving the the cop who turned the body cam off. I've been told y'all that like I don't know what it is. Not Like that last name Warps. He looked capital riot. Like so you don't, you don't have as your screen save Anymore. He was never my screen save. I just thought the man was fine. But then he, he definitely Had him. He had the Tims on. He was Back to Native Nature. And I was Like whoa. When he was had his timms on with the Bootsy fade. He was your screensaver button. Tim had no shirt on. He was your screensaver. Wasn't Tims tie all the way up to the top though? I don't remember. I think so. So that would've never been on the back of my screen. Don't do me like that. Money don't change you. It just magnifies who you are. He had money back when he was cute with Kayla. Yeah, but now you got a hundred million dollar podcast deal. Now he's mag white to white.


Now he get The bold cuts. All y'all. So Angel Reese, speaking of podcasts, angel Reese just dropped a podcast. It's called Unapolo un unapologetically Angel. And this is something that she drops episodes on every single Thursday. She built this podcast 'cause she just wanted to expand her business brand and You know let people get to know her more outside of being an athlete. So the first episode dropped this week and she got into some things that have been trending around her in the news. She talked about the G Herbo situation. People thought that her and g Herbo might have been dating each other. Let's take a listen. When I tell you like I can call G Herbo to this day. Like that's somebody that I can, like, if I ever need anything in Chicago, he told me from when I got drafted, if I ever need anything in Chicago, he'll make sure I'm straight.


And it wasn't even off. No like flirting or anything. It was literally straight off. Like I got you sis. Like making sure that you straight. 'cause I'm new to the city, like chilling as always very wholesome woman. I am six three. And I. Think he's five 10. I mean he ain't see me in the car kissing this man. So where'd y'all even get that from? That's somebody I can literally call like anytime. That's like, bro, The short sanding was unnecessary and JE was not short, but short to Andrew Reese. That was unnecessary. Andrew Said, no shirt Kings over here baby It giant. No, because You gotta think about it. When she put on her heels, that's gonna look like her son. Don't nobody want that unn. That's triggering very unnecessary. That's very triggering. Oh, Is it triggering? Yes, he Should. He's little guy is it? But I do want everybody to grow up. My greatest relationship is Don't let her, don't let her be sitting on the like the, the the the seat.


Any seat above him. My now she looking down on him. That's disrespectful. She At least he he got jumped to get on the bed. Wow. No, he's five 10. Cut it out. My greatest relationships in life. I'm talking About you. Huh? You jumped to get on your bed. Ain't got to do with me. Oh my back. My greatest relationships in life. Are your feet swinging all with women. Okay. My best friends in life are women. Why do people believe that? Just because a person of the opposite of sex is with another person of the opposite of sex that they gotta be having something going on. I just, it's the way people Feel had this conversation last night. I feel like it's a very immature way of thinking to think that just because a man and a woman are friends, they have to have some sort of like attraction or whatever. Like I have friends, like my brothers shout out to Carmen and Jordan.


Literally they're my brothers like it that it's like, oh, I would never even, they would never even like, that's like always the thing. But yeah, I'm just Saying mean. I got a bunch of women friends that who care, but we don't even care. But yeah, we we hear that all the time. That's Right. GG herbo though it kind of puts itself in situations sometimes where like people are questioning his relationship statuses. And then Angel Reese, we don't really always know her situation. She's in and outta different situation. She's new to the city. So seeing them randomly at night in the car together is like, whoa. Like It wasn't no whoa, it meant nothing. It meant nothing. But when I I, when I saw it, I was like, hold on, what's Going on? Yeah. Meanwhile two guys be together smelling like whole butt sex and y'all don't think nothing of it. What? They call me in UK all the time.


We, I say don't nobody be coming at you In envy. That's 'cause the way you act. No, that's 'cause the way you act. But before you smell why I can't be a wee You. know what I'm saying? Wee wee Wee wee wee wees. Oh my goodness, y'all playing too much. But She also got into conversations around Kaitlyn Clark and you, y'all know, anytime Caitlyn Clark and Angel Reese are in the same conversation, people go crazy. But she addressed some of the like rah rah around their whole situation. Let's take a listen. Caitlyn is an amazing player and I've always thought she was an amazing player. We've been playing each other since high school. So I think it's really just the fans that are like they ride for her. And, I, And I. Respect that respectfully. I think there's a lot of racism when it comes to it.


And I don't believe she stands on any of that. But when it comes to death threats, like I'm talking about people who have come down to my address, no, follow me home. Like it's come down to that multiple occasions people have made AI pictures of me like naked. It sucks to see that. And it's, it's really hard that I have to go through that. And now seeing other players even having to go through that. But like at the end of the day, it, it's a game that we do both love. But there is no hate. No hate. We are gonna play on the same team one day. I'm sure they Can't play on the same team. I don't think that they can play on the same team. Why Does she say That? I don't know. Because they, they, they don't need to play the, they're two big, She meant probably Stars an Olympic team or something like that, that I don't think they played the same spot in the WNBA. Yeah, that would make sense. But not Greatest Coach award going today, by the way, Kaitlyn Clark versus Andrew Reeson.


What people don't realize in, in, and, and the homie Care champion pointed this out 'cause she has a great podcast coming out called the Making of a rivalry. Kaitlyn Clark versus Angel Reese. It comes out September 9th on the Black effect iHeart Radio podcast network. But they're, they, they need each other. Like that, that dynamic of Kaitlin Clark. Yes. We just said that in the room. It's literally like Larry Bird and Magic Johnson. They Yes. Yes sir. They, they came outta college the same year. They had a rivalry in college injuries. Busted her ass in college. Yep. It's it's made it to the pros. It's brought casuals to the game of the WNBA. They need each other. Why did you say, why did she say that? What you mean


For decades, the mafia had New York City in a stranglehold with law enforcement seemingly powerless to intervene. It uses terror to extort people. But the murder of Carmic ante marked the beginning of the end, sparking a chain of events that would ultimately dismantle the most powerful crime organization in American history. It sent the message to them that we can prosecute these people. Discover how a group of young prosecutors took on the mafia. And with the help of law enforcement brought down its most powerful figures. These bosses on the commission had no idea what was coming their way from the federal government, From Wolf Entertainment and iHeartPodcasts. This is law and order. Criminal justice system. Listen to law and order criminal justice system on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts


This summer, lone gunman on a rooftop reminded us that American presidents have long been the targets of assassins. Nearly 50 years ago, president Gerald Ford faced two attempts on his life. In less than three weeks, a woman Fired a shot at President Ford. President Gerald R. Ford came stunningly close to being the victim. A woman dressed in a long red skirt pointed a 45 caliber pistol at the president. These are the only two times we know of that a woman has tried to assassinate a US president and the two assassins had never met. One was a protege of infamous cult leader Charles Manson. She is 26-year-old Lynette Alice Fromm. Nicknamed Squeaky. I always felt like Lynette was kind of his right hand woman. The other, a middle-aged housewife working undercover for the FBI in the violent revolutionary underground Identified by police as Sarah Jane Moore, Sarah Jane could enter into these areas that other people couldn't. A spy. Basically The story of one strange and violent summer. This season on Rip Current, Listen to Rip Current on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts or wherever you listen to your favorite shows.


I've been thinking about you. I want you back in my life. It's too late for that. I have a proposal for you. Come up here and document my project. All you need to do is record everything like you always do. One session, 24 hours BPM 1 10, 1 20. She's terrified. Should we wake her up? Absolutely not. What was that? You didn't figure it out. I think I need to hear you say it. That was Live Audio of a Woman's Nightmare. This machine is approved and everything you're allowed to be doing This. We passed the review board a year ago for not hurting people. There's nothing dangerous about what you're doing. They're just dreams. Dream Sequence is a new horror thriller from Blumhouse television, iHeartRadio and Realm. Listen to Dream sequence on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts.


I'm Angie Martinez. Check out my podcast where I talk to some of the biggest athletes, musicians, actors in The, World. We go beyond the headlines and the sound bites that have real conversations about real life, death, love, and everything in between. This life right here, just finding myself just, just relaxation this not feeling stressed, this not feeling pressed. This is what I'm most proud of. I'm, I'm proud of Mary because I've been through hell and some horrible things. That feeling that I had of inadequacy is gone. You gonna die being you. So you gotta constantly work on who you are to make sure that the stars aligned correctly. Life ain't easy and it's getting harder and harder. So If, you have a story to tell If you come through some tries with you. You need to share it 'cause you're gonna inspire someone. You're gonna, you are gonna give somebody the motivation to not give up, to not quit. Listen to Angie Martinez, IRL on the iHeartRadio app. apple Podcasts or wherever you get your podcasts


New from embedded. Who gets to compete as a woman? This question came up in ugly form at the Paris Olympics, but it's not new. If she runs like a man and talks like a man, is she a man? Hear about the long history of sex testing women athletes on tested a new series from CBC and NPRs embedded podcast. Listen to all episodes on the iHeartRadio app or wherever you get your podcasts.


I'll be on the same team. Oh, then playing on the same team. Yeah, because, because You know. Because by the way, it's Actually, is it because of all the back and forth They have? It just stirs things up. No, it's like, yeah, they need to battle each other. Yeah, I was about to say, 'cause I think You wanna see That all the back and forth is, is just, it's happy competition. It's good. It's, it's the energy. Like You know I'm here for it, but I wanna say she needs to be get like registered to carry. 'cause somebody pop up at your house. That's a crazy, that's no, you don't do that. You don't go to people's houses. That's insane. I agree. So stay safe. But yeah, check our podcast out every Thursday. That's it. All right, well that's just with the Mess with Lauren la. All right, now Char bang. Yes. Who you giving that donkey too? Four After that hour is Donkey today. I might call her Audible though.


Let me think about it. We'll come back in a second. Alright. One second to think about it. All right, it The. Breakfast. Club. Good morning, you are checking out. The. Breakfast. Club. You be a ass charm. Mason. Some donkey days just sold themselves. Have been watching Char Man, I was ready for it. Donkey. I never heard Old Donkey other day. What is it? Donkey. Say it again. Charlamagne Donkey. You're a don. Everything and Charlamagne is saying is true. Okay guys and gals, I apologize. I wanna call an audible today. Right? I just wanna tell y'all something real quick. LL Cool j James Todd Smith. Yes.


Released his 14th album today. The Force. That's right. This man is celebrating. Wait, What's his name? James Todd Smith. I've never known that. I hate young people. I've never thought about this man is celebrating Jesus Christ. Lord. Wow. This man is celebrating 40 years in hip hop. Okay. He hasn't put out an album in 11 years. And I know, I usually do Donkey today here, but I feel like today I need to preempt Donkey today to give us more time to celebrate and speak to the icon Living LL Cool J. 'cause he is here this hour. That's right. And we really have to start celebrating folks where they're alive. Correct. So let's get into our conversation with LL Cool J The Force Album out now. Morning everybody. It's DJ Envy. Jess. Hilarious. Charlemagne the guy. We are The. Breakfast. Club. Lauren LaRosa.


Filling in for Jess. Jess is on maternity leave. And we got a special guest in the building. Yes indeed. The icon. The legend Queens gets the money ll Cool J What's going on baby? How you feeling? Great man. LL always got action, hero, superhero, energy when he walk in the room, right? Yeah. Good vibe. Yo. I mean that's, I feel like one right now. I mean this is like a, a good energy You. know what I'm saying? You know Year 40 You. know what I'm saying? And we having a You know a conversation about my new album, that's a really unique position You know what I'm saying? So it's like never been done before. I I think 40 years. Yeah, no, it's been done. And it, it shows us that it's possible. Right. Even more importantly, it just shows younger generation and new artists as they You know, are working on their careers and as they embarking what's possible.


Right? You know what I'm saying? That we could continue to operate at a high level You know what I'm saying? And, and do things that are important culturally. And I. I just, I'm glad that, like, I could set that example. How's it been being back on the road on these promo tours, doing interviews? How, how does it feel just to be, be out here because you running like a new artist. Like you doing everything. I'm like, you running. I'm like, you ain't tired. Nah, nah. I've been tired for 30 years. Okay. You kidding me? I work hard but You know what it feels like. It feels like You know in a lot of ways. I'm a new artist You know because there's a day one audience that grew up with me and then there's an audience that knows me for all of the other things I've I've done but don't really aren't as familiar with my music when it comes to me. Like directly drops some records. So it's, it feels great man.


It feels fun. I'm just having a good time with it You know what I'm saying? It's exciting to me. You know what I mean? And I. Think you being back out here. It shows people the reverence individuals have for you. 'cause everybody got a ll story. Like we had that love up here. Love was like, he wanted to be a rapper till he heard you. Yeah, yeah, yeah. And that you put the microphone down. That's funny. That's funny. Now Ed man, ed, I remember he was, he was at my high school security. But I would say what it, what it does for me is it gives me reverence for the culture You. know what I'm saying? It makes me revere hip hop. It makes me more excited about what's in store for hip hop You know and what's possible for hip hop. You know so many amazing artists out here doing so many great things. And it's, it is wonderful to be able to show them what's possible.


You know what I'm saying? Like that for me is like the really exciting part of it. Because we are just so used to, we've grown so accustomed to like writing people off after a certain Right. You know amount of time. It's beautiful to be able to say, no, you could continue. It doesn't mean, and you don't have to pretend you're in year three. When you're in year 40, you can actually be Go ahead. Were you nervous about that? Because You know in hip hop it seems like definitely hip hop, they try to put you in a box, right? Yeah. Where they're saying, even though you got music now, they be like, oh, well you can't play on this station because he's more of a urban AC artist. But with you, I don't, I haven't seen that. I've seen you You know you are on every station. It's not just the, the older quote unquote older stations. Yeah. Well, You know what it is.


Man is You know you have a responsibility as an artist. Sonically You know at the end of the day, it's about what they, when they press play, what do they hear? Like we could talk about Google, we could talk about Wikipedias, we could talk about your resume and your plaques on the wall. All that's great. Awards Hall of Fame sounds great, but when they press play, it's like when you are on the basketball court, can you deliver? Right? It's You know LeBron can still deliver and yet he doesn't have to be in year five. He can be in year 21 and deliver. So can ll sonically deliver, like it's the idea of LeBron and sports, but it takes twice as long 'cause it's art. So instead of 21 years, it's 40. But the reality is, it's the same idea of can you deliver on the court. So to answer that question, that's about the sonics.


It's about making joints that you love and people can appreciate You know what I'm saying? Everybody's not gonna love everything. But If, you can create stuff that people appreciate You know what I mean? I can Go get it. This album is dropping on Def Jam, which is where everything started for you a few years ago. I don't know where you were mentally about like just making music and put music out, but could you have planned this any better? Like what's that feeling like, kind of like the full circle moment. Well it's, it's more than a full circle moment. Right? 'cause I was the first artist on Def Jam. Right, right. And we launched the label together. You know Tila Rock had its you artist circle. Yeah. Yeah. So we were part of, part of the circle. You, Wherever you're, and that's what I mean is like, you can't predict stuff like that. You know. No, you can't. You can't listen. Listen, God is great. And it's that type of timing.


You know, being on Def Jam, seeing the excitement in the building, seeing the excitement in all of the people's eyes that work at the company. You know. And even the support from Virgin and Republic, the, the way they all are rallying behind this project to make sure that it's seen and heard and gets an opportunity to be listened to by people is amazing. It feels like winning You. know what I'm saying? In the best sense of the word. Does Ella know what losing is like though? Because you say it feels like winning but like I don't even, Have you ever lost a fist fight Ella? Huh? Have you ever Lost a fist? There's way In life. No, I haven't but And I. I And I. Hopefully. I like to, I just want, I wanna keep getting my Floyd on. And for the record, for for the record. I'm not trying to talk tough 'cause I want to go through a walkthrough with somebody.


Go by, go upside hell. Hey, real quick. I don't want problem talk viral. You You know what that be on. Well be careful. 'cause If you go wrong for you too. You know. Don't You know You know. You might go viral You know. Like don't You know Leave me alone. I ain't trying to play Tough Guy. Now we're doing this, we're doing this project. Right. It's been 11 years. H how did you attack it, right? Because you got Eminem on it. You got sweetie on it. Yeah. How did you attack it to say You know what I wanna stick to, to who ll is, but I still want to keep it young. Dope and and feeling good as well. You know You know that, that what you just said. I didn't really think about young Dope and feeling. I thought about feeling good. What I more thought about was what do I love? And getting with Q-Tip Q-tip is brilliant.


And Q-tip is a is a genius and he's very creative. And so the idea was just sonically doing something that moved The World and just made me respond You. know what I'm saying? And I didn't do like, I didn't put Edie on the song because she's younger or put m on the song. I put them on it because sonically they, I felt they would sound good. We felt they would sound good on the songs You. know what I mean? So it was about the music. It wasn't about stunt casting. And then You know, like I said man, like stunt casting. Yeah. You know what I'm saying? You know what I'm saying? Bunch of stunt casting and all that You Know. That's TV LL talking Question. That's TV money. Yeah. Well, well You know it's TV experience for sure. Sure.


Right. So it's like I just wanted to do something that people would just vibe off of. Man You know, like when you listen to the whole record front to Back You know as a buddy And I know we're gonna cherry pick And I know people pick songs and they go through their process. I can't tell people how to consume the music, but You know when you listen to it, you realize like we did everything purposely. I really wanted to get some kids who had never had an opportunity and opportunity. So I got this kid Don Polito from South Side Queens and shout out to him and Mad Squabbles from Philly and Jay Sand from Lafayette, Louisiana and put them on the song so that they could have an opportunity. You keep your ear to this. I remember one time, well, first of all, I wanna know how you found those guys, but I remember one time hearing you say your favorite rapper with a moment was like Peewee Long way. Yeah, yeah, yeah.


He was funny. He was funny. But I like a lot of different artists. Like I listen to everything You know. I, I was listening to the Young Nudie today, the dag order, then I was checking out. I liked the little Dirk thing, but I liked the Core Day. And then You know you could You know flip it all the way to, I like some of what Gorilla's doing and You know some of them. Hey all, some of them records in Yeah. Club You know and I'm actually paying attention You know what I'm saying? A hundred percent. All right. We got more with LL Cool J when we come back, don't move. It's The. Breakfast Club. Good morning. Morning everybody. It's DJ Envy Jess. Hilarious. Charlamagne the guy. We are The Breakfast Club. Lauren LaRosa is filling in for Jess and we're still kicking it with LL You. know what I meant to ask? I was watching, IIII guess it came back up on, on social media.


It was a interview with, with Jamie Foxx and they were talking about You know y'all and, and y'all situation when y'all were shooting that movie. I was just curious. He's laughing funny. Well, now you gotta clear up what actually happened. 'cause he said it, it didn't happen that way that you didn't knock him out. But I wanted to know, could that happen now? Because back then if I, I feel like what happened now, whatever Jamie says happened is what happened. That's not what you really wanna say. 'cause I saw your face, you digressed a bit. Yeah, I did. Whatever Jamie says happened is what happened. No disrespect to Jamie at all. That's I dude. I'm just saying. I know. I'm just saying that. Listen, listen. That's my dude. When somebody says nah, he knocked me out. He beat the shit out of that. That means, that means gotta prove hell. Yo. Whatever Jamie said happened happened was, that's a long time ago then. Yeah, no, it just came back up.


I wanted to know could that happen on movie sets now or is it too protected? 'cause now it seems like if any little thing happens happens you to human resources, well you're going to human resources. If. you You know If. you If, you get a hangnail and you express it wrong. I mean, you triggered me You know. So I mean, back then triggering everything's triggered. Back in the day, triggering was the trigger. Like the trigger. Now the triggers like You know. You know you're being hang nail full. I'm triggering. Exactly. Cut it out. Exactly. You have blue on. Does that mean you hate Red You know, like You know Everyth thing is, how does that affect the industry outside of of course the Me Too movement. But how does that affect, because bro, you gotta mind your business. You can't get your creative juices. Like no, you get your creative juices. You better just keep mix.


Sure. They don't get on nobody else. Y'all better relax. So juices and Yeah, them juices. You better be real easy with them juices, bro. Be easy with them. Juices. Juices You. know what I mean? No doubt. You know. We had Mc light here. She said you are the reason the audio. Yeah. You're the reason she decided to put out a new album. Oh, word. Wow. Yeah. Well this what she said when she was here. Huh? You haven't put out an album in 10 years, but you got a new album coming out called 1 0 1. Yeah. And why you getting back into this crazy game? LL challenged me. Really? Yeah. We, we did a fireside chat with him and in the midst of it, You know, he says, I'm putting out new music. I was like, oh, that's great. He said, when you putting up music, And I was like, well, I, I don't know.


He was like, stop being scared. I was like, scared. It's true. Once he said that, And I was like, okay, I gotta get to it. I love that. How did that feel to still be inspiring artist? I love it, man. Listen, you can't be scary, man. It's always gonna be great acts. Of course it's gonna be new artists. Of course times are gonna change. Of course there's gonna be generational changes that comes with the territory. But that, that's the opportunity for us to prove that we was born to do this You. know what I'm saying? You don't stop doing it because times change. You, know what I'm saying? If, you, you need your shorts to be a little longer on the court or a little shorter. You, they, they change the rules on the touch fo you learn the rules of the game and the new rules and they'll play better than everybody else. You know what I'm saying? It's simple in the thought process. You know what I'm saying? Now, obviously executing it is not as easy, but it's simple.


When you make the decision, you dig, you never got nervous. 'cause you were probably one of the, the first artists that say You know what? I'm gonna be very emotional on the record. Right. Right. I'm gonna say I need love. I want a round away girl. At the time when hip hop was so focused on I'm the best And I, what made you say You? know what? Nah, I'm, I'm gonna go f with the chicks over here. I'm gonna let y'all do this. I I'll be back, but I'm gonna go ahead for the chicks. Right. Well I'll I'll put it to you like this. It's like a guy You know, showing up to the projects to see a girl. What does that say about him? He really wanna see her. He like a girl and he could fight or he's he's willing to risk it. Yeah. Regardless of whatever. He's willing to risk it. Right, right, right. So me doing, I need love on me doing these romance records. That's because I wasn't scared. Not 'cause I was soft. I wasn't scared. That's why I could do that.


Y you understand what I'm saying? So like, you gotta, like, sometimes people, they misconstrue. It's like the, the guys that I meet, they'll be the nicest guys in The, World, the toughest guys I know and the toughest guys I've known growing up. I've been like some of the nicest guys. The most dangerous guys I've known have been some of the nicest guys. Came up with some killers. Oh man. Oh, absolutely. So, so it's like with, with the, with the, with the music, it was, it wasn't about trying to have an image. It was about what I want to do as an artist. Period. What do you wanna say as an artist? What do you wanna do as an artist? That's what I'm going to do. You know, peer pressure makes me laugh. He's like, really? It's like, yo, you do what you want to do, man. Like I do what I want to do creatively.


Not what people say I'm supposed to do. Right. Because what You know a lot of times what people want, like right now they're like, oh, you're supposed to sit down. Or like, you have people like they on the internet. Oh, how could he have the whips and chains in the, in the this and that and the video. And because people are freaks and that really goes on. Right. And I know you want, I know you wanna pretend that everybody's like having You know missionary with a sheep between. But I got, I got news for you. There's some freaky stuff going on out there and I'm rapping about it. Right. I remember you pouring the chocolate syrup on the girls' recaps day in broad daylight day. All ridiculous on your big avenue. Your big avenue Queens. He was a hold up a car. Absolutely bro. Absolutely. Wilding out.


Completely outta control. Who says like, yo, we need to sit her right here and pour the chocolate. Is that you? He me. I said you okay. Heard you Lauren. Alright, put it a car. Like put it right here. Her feet cross your legs. Yep. You like that? You like that, don't you? Yeah. Got you. Okay. Alright. See no directors cut all. Oh no, no, I heard you. Yeah. That ain't even the wildest one. One of the wildest one is the most subtle one. Which one? In the doing it video. The way you bite the apple when you, we know that video. The girls You know that Apple The World apple Yo. But I love it. Yo You know what man, I gotta tell you man, I love doing funny stuff like that and ridiculous.


Like I had jeans on in the Paradise video in the water. I know that. That's right. Like, like, but what's funny is that what's funny is people will point out to you like, I didn't know I did like, like you do know I filmed that. Right? Like you do know that. I know what I've You. know what I mean? Let's have some fun with it's a lot of that stuff became fashion. Like the one leg up one. I got that from the bike messengers in New York. Yeah. Because the bike messages be riding around. Think about it. They be in the city. They have their pants leg up because they don't want to get it in the chain of the bike. I saw that one day I pulled my joint up. I'm like, yo, this is a vibe. I start wearing my joint like this one. We off man, my joint like that You. know what I'm saying?


Like I love the idea of just having fun, not taking it too serious. There's a time to be serious. The time to be serious is when you're going after your goals. The time to be serious is when you have dreams. The time to be serious is when you dealing with frustration. But you wanna take it to the next level and fight through it. Right. But the other side of it is, when I'm making music, I wanna be silly. And. I want to do stuff that's ridiculous. And. I want to do stuff that where we could laugh about it You know what I'm saying? Like let's have some fun with it. Because you grabbed the woman's leg and started playing the guitar. Absolutely. Absolutely bro. Absolutely. Absolutely. That was you. That was all you two. That Was Oh, all me baby. All me. All me. You know. Alright, we got more with ll when we come back.


Let's get into our mini mix. It's The Breakfast. Club. Good morning. Good morning everybody. We are The, Breakfast. Club. We're still kicking it with ll What's going on baby? How much did you lose to do this album? 'cause you had to put a lot of focus on, I'm sure you put acting stuff to the back. I'm sure you put a lot of the other stuff to the back. How much did you lose to Actually, I only gained, I gained fulfillment, inspiration. I was able to take time out of my life to focus on the thing that I love the most. And when you put your energy into what you love and you truly believe you was born to do it, you never lose. It's no way to lose. I already won like you, you see what I'm saying? Because I love it dog. Okay, I'll give you an example. May he rest in power. Someone like Fatman School, rest in peace. The joy that you bring to people through your music is incalculable.


And look, I got money. I'm a wealthy guy. People really put a lot of emphasis on money, money, money, money, money. And status. Status. Status. Status, status. And, I. Get it. Image is important. People, I, I get it. But what people don't put enough value on is the joy of life and living well and having a good time and enjoying what you doing. And that means something. That's a different type of wealth. If. you could find that joy in your life and your career and you can find that joy in other areas of your life. That's a true beautiful thing. So I didn't lose nothing. Like all of the money comes, all of the fame and the, for all that stuff comes. But you still gotta enjoy the moment for the moment's sake.


That's real You know what I mean? Yeah, absolutely. Going back to the the fashion stuff, the FUBU hat in the Gap commercial. Yeah. What was your thought process behind that? Or was that even intentional? Like what was the Oh yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah. Okay. So talk us through that decision to do that in that day. I felt like we needed that exposure. They needed that exposure. And you are a huge company and it's not gonna hurt you. And I'm gonna give you what you need, but you gonna gimme what I need. And it's win-win and nobody gets hurt. It ended up at that time taking FUBU to 400 million a year and increase the Audience by 300%. I mean, and that's what I'm supposed to do. You know when you roll with somebody, you roll with people. There Was no pushback on the set from the Yeah, There was, there was. They was like, oh, You know the hat. And I said, no, I'm an owner so I can clear it.


You said nobody gets hurt. And everybody was like, okay. Absolutely. Yeah, yeah, yeah. And, and I'm a owner and this is it. And boom, you were only in football. Of course. I Don't think I ever knew that. I didn't. You were. I thought you just did it because you rocked with them. I mean of course you rocked with them, but I didn't know when you even just said that. I thought that was just you. Like, I gonna listen to you Anyway thought down because he was from Queen. I was and they was holding me down. 'cause I was from Queens too. We was holding each other up. Are you kidding me? Let's talk through that. So at what point did you become an owner of fubu and why? Why haven't we heard more? I didn't. I never heard this Because, well, what's funny is that I just didn't really talk about that because it wasn't important. So I don't need to tell you about my business life in order to impress you.


Yes, I invest, yes, I have different things I've done, but I like making music. Like I'm good with that. I wanted to ask you about something you said on Club Shehe. 'cause you got, I don't know why, but you got so much flack for your Def Jam Mount Rushmore, right? Yeah, yeah. And I Feel like nobody can debate you on that except for Russell. Except for Rick Rubin. Except for Chuck D. And maybe the other people on that you named. Yeah. I just wanted to know why Slick Rick. I love Slick Rick, but I just wanted to know from you, why did you put him on it? Because they were mad as slick Rick would be on list. They were just mad. The whole list slick.


For decades, the mafia had New York City in a stranglehold with law enforcement seemingly powerless to intervene. It uses terror to extort people. But the murder of Carmic Ante marked the beginning of the end, sparking a chain of events that would ultimately dismantle the most powerful crime organization in American history. It sent the message to them that we can prosecute these people. Discover how a group of young prosecutors took on the mafia. And with the help of law enforcement brought down its most powerful figures. These bosses on the commission had no idea what was coming their way from the federal government, From Wolf Entertainment and iHeartPodcasts. This is law order, criminal justice system. Listen to law and order criminal justice system on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts.


This summer, a lone gunman on a rooftop reminded us that American presidents have long been the targets of assassins. Nearly 50 years ago, president Gerald Ford faced two attempts on his life. In less than three weeks, a woman Fired a shot at President Ford. President Gerald R. Ford came stunningly Close to being the victim. A woman dressed in a long red skirt pointed a 45 caliber pistol at the President. These are the only two times we know of that a woman has tried to assassinate a US president and the two assassins had never met. One was a protege of infamous cult leader Charles Manson. She is 26-year-old Lynette Alice Fromm. Nicknamed Squeaky. I always felt like Lynette was kind of his right hand woman.


The other, a middle-aged housewife working undercover for the FBI in the violent revolutionary underground Identified by police as Sarah Jean Moore, Sarah Jane could enter into these areas that other people couldn't. A spy. Basically The story of one strange and violent summer. This season on Rip Current, Listen to Rip Current on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you listen to your favorite shows.


I've been thinking about you. I want you back in my life. It's too late for that. I have a proposal for you. Come up here and document my project. All you need to do is record everything like you always do. One session, 24 hours. BPM. 1 10, 1 20. She's terrified. Should we wake her up? Absolutely not. What was that? You didn't figure it out. I think I need to hear you Say it. That was Live Audio of a Woman's Nightmare. This machine is approved and everything you're allowed to be doing this. We passed the review board a year ago. We're not hurting people. There's nothing dangerous about what you're doing. They're just dreams. Dream Sequence is a new horror thriller from Blumhouse Television, iHeartRadio and Realm. Listen to Dream sequence on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts.


I am Angie Martinez. Check out my podcast where I talk to some of the biggest athletes, musicians, actors in The World. We go beyond the headlines and the sound bites that have real conversations about real life, death, love, and everything in between. This Life right here, just finding myself just, just relaxation. It's not feeling stressed. This not feeling press. This is what I'm most proud of. I'm, I'm proud of Mary because I've been through hell and some horrible things. That feeling that I had of inadequacy, it's gone. You're gonna die being you. So you gotta constantly work on who you are to make sure that the stars aligned correctly. Life ain't easy and it's getting harder and harder. So If, you have a story to tell If you come through some trials with you. You need to share it 'cause you're gonna inspire someone. You're gonna, you're gonna give somebody the motivation to not give up, to not quit. Listen to Angie Martinez, IRL on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts or wherever you get your podcasts.


It is summer and On NPRs Planet Money podcast. That means it is time to grab your notebooks and your headphones and tune into the economics crash course for your ears. Planet Money Summer School is covering the economic history of The World from the birth of money to the Industrial Revolution to modern trade policy. We've got the lessons to keep you sounding smart at the beach with help from real economic historians Every Wednesday until Labor Day, listen to Planet Money from NPR on the iHeartRadio app or wherever you get your podcasts.


They were mad because they don't, they don't understand. They, they want me to talk about skin and, and lips and hair, but they want me to ignore the bones. Mm mm You know what I'm saying? I gave them the bones of the label. Mm. They want to talk to me about cosmetics. But guess what? I don't care how you look. You can get 14 BBLs, 35 lip injections, but If, you don't have no bones. You're gonna be a pile of flesh over there on the floor. So that's the way I make, that's how I built my Mount Rushmore. So when I said Beastie Boys and myself and Public Enemy and Slick Rick, that's because that is the foundation and the bones of the company. I didn't say that they were the most famous. Mm, I didn't say they sold the most records. I didn't say any of that.


But you wouldn't have any of that If. you didn't have these, these people founding Fox. That was my point. And and when we talk about writing, I wanted to ask how much, how much do you think Biggie and, and Jay contributed to people not taking, writing it serious? 'cause both of them said they didn't write And I saw you. I saw you having a conversation on Sway about big one time. Well, look, look, well Big look Biggie's, my man, And I love Big You. know sometimes And I. And look, everybody's different. Everybody's process is different, right? Like some people, they just You know got a bunch of rhymes that they wrote at home and they just remember 'em, and then they just got something for the beat. So you don't have to see me necessarily see me write to that. Doesn't mean I didn't write. What I'm not gonna do is say anything that will go against what somebody, how someone wanted their career to be laid out.


But I'll say this, ultimately it's about the song period. Whether you write it in your mind, whether you memorize it. The skill is not in how you get there. The skill is in it. How the song affects The World. Mm. So whether you write it on paper, a phone in your head that it doesn't matter what the, how does it affect people? Did the ball go in the basket? Like I've seen dudes write and I've seen dudes You know come off the top. I mean, whatever. You know what I'm saying? I don't, I, what I would say though is that these guys are legitimately talented enough, some of them to do that. That doesn't mean you necessarily need to be doing that. You might need a PenFed and pad. You might want a PenFed and pad and do some editing.


Ernest Hemingway editing bro. Like it's all right. And you was on the shop and you, you was talking about Andre 3000 saying he didn't wanna rap again because he said he didn't have anything to rap about. Yeah. And so Andre responded to that and said, if If, you can, you should rap until you die. Of course he has things to say, but if he can't say it it in a fresh, innovative way, then it's not enough for him to do it. And I respect that. I respect that. I respect that. And You know in that, in that sense. I would agree. That's what I look to do on my new record. Right? Like on the force. Like say it in a fresh, innovative way. Right. He's he's talking about not repeating flow. Look, he's one of the greats. He's unbelievable. Like I'm thoroughly impressed with Andre You know. And, and the only reason I even said anything is because I like him so much as an artist, I'd love to hear him again.


I just miss hearing the Guy You. know what I'm saying? Like I, I want to hear Outkast like personally, I would love to hear Outkast album. I don't know about The World, but I would want to hear that. But I do respect his feelings. And. I cannot speak to his artistry. You. know what I'm saying? You. know what I'm saying? You know what I mean? And the album is out today. It's called Force. Hey, we appreciate you for joining us. Ll appreciate you. Billy The. Breakfast Club. LL J Y'all. The Breakfast. Club. Morning everybody. It's Djj. NV Jesse. Hilarious. Charlamagne the guy We are The. Breakfast. Club. Lauren la is filling in for Jess. And it's time for pass the arcs.


Yeah. DJ, come spin. Spin. What's up Nala? Big Nyla. Hello. NYLA. Good Morning. Hi guys. You was just out the country getting back From all the travels. Yes, yes. No. How was that? Brazil was crazy. They loved it. Yes. Dope. Love, love everything about it. Rhapsody is an amazing performer by the way. So happy I got to tour her. I had a really great experience. Good watching her live. People definitely need to go and see that If you a real Rap rap's tour dj. That's right. Yes. Yeah. If, you really like rap music. That's the type of show you wanna be at. I love the fact that I can get off a good hip hop set dope. Like it's hard to do sometimes. But that was the demo. And Other countries, they love hip hop.


I feel like and respect hip hop a lot more than we do Here. They do do throwing up the Woo. Yeah, they was mosh pitting during her set. Like it was phenomenal. I had a great time. Make sure you guys get tickets to go see Rhapsody. Please don't cry tour. She's coming to America after Europe. But so You're saying that you can't get your fire bow Wow. Mix off here. You only, It ain't bad. Don't play with me. Why you doing that to me? What's wrong with ba? But by the way, no, I have Rags ever done to you. That's what I'm saying. So, so they appreciate Bow Wow. More in Brazil than, I'm Not talking about Bow, I'm talking about real hip hop mix Make I meant Wait, wait, I meant like nineties hip hop, like that Nineties hip hop too.


Two th Well 2000 hip hop. I Visited to him when I was six. He was favorite rapper Now. Raised You. Yeah, it did. Did. But that's not what I was playing. That's like a millennial warmup set. But this was like, I played Soulja Boy. What else? Yo, I can't say. Let's get pass on. Let's get The pass on. Yeah. Today what we're playing is Victoria Monet to drop the new record with Usher called SOS. And it's definitely a certified vibe Fire. That's dope. That's Fire. Flew to Victoria Monnet. That was dope. But it's gonna be a lot of women sing that song that don't need to. Okay. Oh well. I mean that happens now already. It does. But shout out to Victoria Monnet. She's having an amazing year. Jaguar too is still in heavy rotation for me, so I'm a fan.


Next I'm gonna get into this. I know Big Sean's project dropped last week, but I didn't get to mention anything. But my favorite record on there is Who You Are. One. One of my favorite records off that album. Yo. Why? I don't know. I just always felt like big Sean's stuff just doesn't get the ugh that it needs. Like it just came and went. I just think It came at a, at a at wrong time. Last It did came out last Week. Where? What? Okay, so there Wasn't I I just, yeah, I see what you're understand what you're saying. It just came out last week. Yeah. But you usually like, there should be more conversation around. Absolutely. The songs are great and it's not happening. She's Right. That is the era that we live in. Don't blame that on just Big Sean. Big Sean. I didn't Blame it on Big Sean. I asked The question to the room. Everything comes and goes nowadays. Sadly. Why? I do not know. Just, just the way this generation moves.


News comes and goes, music comes and goes. Y'all don't stick to nothing but artists. What? Make sure Big Sean come and go. What did he do first with other big people? What did he do first Big? I don't think he did that. Well. I think it like 20 something thousand like Yeah, But that's like, I mean a lot of people don't different when it comes to the Big Sean thing. I just don't think he's a media darling. Oh, okay. I think Refugees album was great. That wasn't talked about in the news. Still one of the best albums that dropped this year, big Sean's album dropped. Alright. It got talked about for a day and then it moved on. I think he's right. That's what happens With everything. Unless you're a media darling. Unless you're just one of the things that the blogs likes to pick up and talk about. Yo Travis Scott sold 361,000 records last week and y'all ain't talking about it.


Yeah, But not really. Like Travis Scott is like, Like what? One of the biggest stars in The. World. Yeah, but I'm just, he sold 361,000 copies. It was number two by 600 albums. I think it was right? Oh, you mentioned it all week, Lauren. I I didn't Exactly. Don't blame problem. It's y'all generation Not part of the problem. Part of problem ain't why you always blaming yourself for our generation. You so old and angry. You swinging right now. No, I'm just telling you the truth. You Put that Pinky up You know why You know why because be the change you wanna see in The. World. Ooh If. you want things to last If. you want things to have stand power. Use your platform, man. The platform.


That's me past the S talking about Big Sean's album. 'cause it's a great album. Make sure you guys happen. That's why we here talking about rap these album. That's right. Make sure you get tickets to the police on N's. A change. I wanna make sure. Yeah. Period. Alright. And then of, of course the Victoria Monet. But I'm gonna get into this new ASAP Rocky featuring Jake called that. Everybody keeps talking about Ruby Rosary. I don't know, I thought he was gonna play the Drake this part, but he He did Drake. Yeah, but he did. That wasn't the part that he Did. Are you making this up? No, that was the hair. What He said about Drake j Cole Better not be dissing nobody. No, No, no. Not j Cole. asap. Oh, ASAP Rocky. It's Rocky's record. Oh, okay, okay, Okay. What'd he say though? Even though y'all saw that champagne Poppy posted like a picture of Cole and was like, thank you for inspiring us for all these years.


I don't know what the subliminal is that was after this record dropped, but cut the, cut the lies words to the wises. Who's in top five? Haha. Top five. I don't get fresh step. I'm buried alive. I heard dog talking funny like it's family guy Karen for is like, I'm married or Bob made a promise to God. Gotta strive when you marry the mob. How was gonna a drink this Top five I buried alive? You got a record called Buried Alive. Look, you thought you was about to eat that. I mean it sounded like he this the whole top five, but you said F your top five. But we Know who, who he's shooting at. I mean, but Cole's on the record too, so it's obviously not the whole top five. Do You know who he's shooting at? They do it all the time. Look, I don't know. This is, I Don't know either. I think y'all just be making up some.


You need a Massage, you need to relax. I this generation, I'm not just talking about y'all. It's just the whole cycle of people, like the way people's minds work is just weird. Well, he said F your top five. So your top five must to be Drake. Drake. Drake. Drake and Drake. That's most people. Eli. Oh God, we got him right here in the office. All right, look his hands up right now. That's Past the arcs. Come on. Yeah. Make sure you guys follow me on the gram at nla Simone. N-Y-L-A-S-Y-M-O-N-E-E-E. Check out these Brazil photos. They're fired. Check out my playlist by clicking the link in bio at it's certified vibe and makes you guys tap into my podcast. We need to talk. I got a really, really dope episode dropping on Sunday with Victoria Monet.


So tap in. Alright now when we come back, we gonna throw it back. We throw it back each and every Friday with the People's Choice mix. And today we're gonna get on your favorite Rich Homie Quan record. Of course. Rest in peace. So we're gonna kick off the mix like that. It's The Breakfast Club. Good morning The Breakfast Club your mornings zone. Never be the same. Morning everybody. It's DJ Envy Jess. Hilarious Charlamagne the guy we are The. Breakfast. Club. Now Laura Laro is filling in for Jess. Now we got a salute to LL Cool J for joining us this morning. Man. Salute to the Good Brother. LL Cool J Also salute to Kevin Hart and Will Packer. That's right You know we didn't do Donkey today, today because I wanted to properly celebrate LL Cool J Man. His 14th album dropped today.


The force of he's celebrating 40 years in hip hop, 40 years of Def Jam. And so You know you just gotta, you gotta celebrate people. Why they still here, man. You know. So we wanted to pay homage to the icon living in a real way. So SLU to the Good brother ll Cool J That is right. I, when we come back, we got deposit. Hold on. I gotta tell people about something man. My my my fourth annual mental wealth expo is happening October 12th at the Marriott Marquee in Times Square. Okay man, it's gonna be a day of mental health, education and healing. If you've ever been to one of my mental health expos. You know it's a free event. We have some of your favorite psychiatrists and therapists and You know mental health experts.


We'll all be there. We got breakout rooms. The way you can go learn about different things like black maternal health crisis. We act actually have a breakout room called me Eternal that's addressing the complexities of of the black maternal health crisis. Dr. Alfie Breland Noble will be there. Dr. Rita Walker will be there. Dr. J Barnett will be there. My good sister Angela Rod will be there. My my, my good brother Jason Wilson who wrote the fantastic book, A Cry Like A Man You know he will be there as well. In fact, he will be there in conversation with Tyrese You. know Tyrese was up here on Breakfast Club a couple of weeks ago, had a real vulnerable moment and he expressed that black men cry. So I can't wait to see them together.


Discussing just the power of releasing Dr. Shaan Bryant, who you've been seeing go viral over the last couple of weeks with her interview with Cam Newton. Nick Canon. She's on basketball wives. She'll be there as well, along with a whole host of other people. So mental wealth expo.com. The event is free and open to all ages discussing so many different topics. Anxiety, depression, PTSD, women's Mental Wellness, men's Mental Wellness. Pull up man, free event, open to all ages October 12th. Go to mental wealth expo.com for more details. All right, when we come back, we got the positive notice. The Breakfast. Club. Good morning. Morning everybody. It's Djj Envy. Jess. Hilarious Charlamagne the guy We are The. Breakfast. Club. Lauren la is filling in for Jess now salute to one of our producers up here.


Big Mac. Big Mac, yeah. What up Mac? You already know. For those that you don't know outside of Walla Breakfast Club out there, I'm on Walla Out. Yep. And we got the tour right now. It's the last lap tour. So this might be the final Wilding out tour. So we are, y'all say that every year and then every year y'all go back on tour. Now this is the real You know Nick got a lot of kids now he gotta be a father versus You know being on the road with us. So this might be the final lap. Okay? But they're saying, so I'm just wanted to let everybody know you get your tickets at wilding out live tour.com. We are in Orlando tomorrow to okay, tomorrow at the Kia Center. Okay. Nick got another baby on way If you. No, no, I said this is gonna be the last tour because he, I think he might be done with having babies. Orlando wilding out.


Yep. Wilding out tomorrow. Kia Center and then right after the, the tour's over. Then I'm going to Disney and I'm getting on a small world because I feel like you're not getting Te If. you don't have a tecu big enough for you Small because I feel like it's super biased that they, it should be big in small world. Should just be, think that's like a felony or something. Like you should relax. Yeah. You going to hurt the everybody on that. They not gonna let you on. Don't take kids. We gonna figure that out. All my big bags, we going to the Wild Out tour and then we going to, it's a small world And I Hope the, the president of the small world just stops Ali and says, Hey, it's called, it's a small world emphasis on small. Well we, we going to change that. It's new change. Big back lives forever, Jesus.


Fat Lives Matter. Well check out Wild Out Live tour.com. Check out Big Mac in Orlando at the Wallen Out tour. All right, now Charlamagne, you got a positive note? I do. And it comes from Dr. Wayne w Dia. Man. Dr. Wayne W Dia. I love him. I love his books. You should read The Power and Intention If you had haven't. But Dr. Wayne w di once said, you may have convinced yourself that giving is impossible because you have too little for yourself. If, you are not generous. When it is difficult, you will not be generous when it is easy. Generosity is a function of the heart, not the wallet. Remember that? Have a great day y'all. Breakfast Club bitches. I'm finished or y'all done?


Hey. Hey. Gather round. I got the lowdown on the hottest show in town based on some shh that really happened. It's called Fight Night, the Million Dollar Heist Baby. It's about a job hustler who tangles with some stone Cold Brothers and pays the price you dig. Starring Kevin Hart, Taraji p Henson, Terrence Howard with Don Cheadle and Samuel L. Jackson. Catch Fight Night. The million dollar Heist streaming now on Peacock. Right on now Back to the Funk.


For decades, the mafia had New York City in a stranglehold with law enforcement seemingly powerless to intervene. It uses terror to extort people, But the murder of Carmic Ante marked the beginning of the end. It sent the message that we can prosecute these people. Listen to law and order criminal justice system on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts.


In California during the summer of 1975, within the span of 17 days and less than 90 miles, two women did something no other woman had done before try to assassinate the president of the United States. One was the protege of Charles Manson, 26-year-old Lynette Fromm, nicknamed Squeaky the other, a middle aged housewife working undercover for the FBI Identified by police as Sarah Jean Moore in her forties. The story of One Strange and Violent Summer. This season on the new podcast, rip Current. Listen to Rip Current on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you listen to your favorite shows.


Kay hasn't heard from her sister in seven years. I have a proposal for you. Come up here and document my project. All you need to do is record everything like you always do. What was that? That was live Audio of a Woman's Nightmare. Can Kay trust her sister or his history repeating itself? There's nothing dangerous about what you're doing, They're just dreams. Dream Sequence is a new horror thriller from Blumhouse Television, iHeartRadio and Realm. Listen to Dream sequence on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts Podcast.


I'm Angie Martinez and on my podcast I like to talk to everyone from Hall of Fame athletes to iconic musicians about getting real on some of the complications and challenges of real life. I had the best dad, And I had the best memories and the greatest experience, and that's all I want for my kids as long as they can have that. Listen to Angie Martinez, IRL on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts or wherever you get your podcasts.