
State Farm Insurance knows that understanding and investing in our cultural identity is paramount in protecting our future We. know what it's like to go from nothing to something to wish that we had better financial literacy when we were younger. Luckily State Farm is here to help with funding programs like Project Ready, which is committed to education achievement, and has already awarded over 11 million in scholarship offers to black and brown youth since 2021. State Farm believes that being better neighbors creates better communities. Like a good neighbor, State Farm is there.


Gear up for outdoor adventures with the 2024 Nissan Pathfinder. This mid-size SUV is designed for Epic Journeys offering spacious seating for eight available panoramic moonroof in an available intelligent four-wheel drive feature with seven drive modes. To take your off-road experience to new heights, discover the 2024 Nissan Pathfinder at Nissan usa.com. Intelligent all-Wheel Drive cannot prevent collisions or provide enhanced traction in all conditions. Always monitor traffic and weather conditions. Towing capacity varies by configuration. See Nissan Towing Guide and Owner's manual for additional information. Always secure Cargo@public.com.


You can grow your cash in an industry leading 5.1% a PY with no subscription required. That means zero monthly account fees or balance requirements, and you can withdraw cash whenever you like. Plus you get up to 5 million FDIC coverage. Earn 5.1% a PY on yourCash@public.com. 5.1% a PY as of 5 21. Subject to change. All investing involves risk of loss. Brokerage services offered by Public Investing Inc. Member Fin Rent, S-I-P-I-C, not a bank. See public.com/disclosures for more.


Is getting gas at Chevron burning a hole in your wallet? What if I told you you can easily earn cash back while you fill up? Introducing, drop the app that turns every fill up into a reward with Drop You'll learn points to get free gift cards every time you fill up your tank. Download, drop and use code. Drop seven seven to instantly receive $5 in points to jumpstart your savings journey. Don't miss out on turning your gas expenses into something rewarding.


It is Ryan here. And. I have a question for you. What do you do when you win? Like, are you a fist pumper? A woo-hoo, A hand clap, or a high fiver? I kinda like the high five. But If, you wanna hone in on those winning moves? Check out Chumba casino@chumbacasino.com. Choose from hundreds of social casino style games for your chance to redeem serious cash prizes. There are new game releases, weekly plus free daily bonuses. So don't wait. Start having the most fun ever@chumbacasino.com. No purchase Necessary. BW by loss terms and conditions. 18 plus


Adam Man. This is a morning show for DJ m. Better known as The People's Choice. This alto my Light Skin Brothers out there just hilarious. Just for The World wide mask. Just don't do no lying. And Charlemagne the God don't get anything. Everybody come to The Breakfast Club. I call this the hot seat Club like De America's front porch. Don't Feel like my wrist cousins. I never cost to me. Every time I go to The, Breakfast Club, I know it's gonna be like a Good morning. I'm getting out. Good morning. USA Yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo, yo yo, yo yo.


Just hilarious. Good morning. Charlemagne the guy. Peace to the Planet. It's Thursday. Yes. Morning. It's Thursday. Good Morning. What's happening? How's everybody feel out there? Good morning. I'm good. I'm good. I'm good. I'm good. I'm good. I am blessed Black and Holly favored. Happy to be here, man. Another day to serve Absolutely. Our great listeners. Absolutely. And I, legacy resilience. So yes, I do. I Tell you it's comfortable. I got it on again today. This is a different color, but it's A different shirt. It is a different color. Yeah. And. I got the shorts. Yes. Okay. Yes. Laundry. I love It. Yes. Laundry. I love It. I wore this on vacation last week too. I will repeat some clothes. I'm telling you all that right now.


If it's comfortable, I will wear it. We absolutely a million times Positively know wear. It's not comfortable no more. Well, today is all about Michigan. This morning we got two special Michigan guests joining us. Oh Man. We Have the Governor of Michigan. Michigan. Gretchen Whitmer, big G is what they call her. She's got a new book. It's a quick read too. It's only like 187 pages. It's called True Grech. What I've learned about life, leadership and everything in between, and You know, You know. You've heard Gretchen Witmer's name a lot, not just because she's doing a great job as governor of Michigan, but You know people always talk about her in regards to being at the top of the Democratic tickets. Yes. You know if if, if not this year, something's gonna have to change.


Maybe, maybe in 2028, Maybe four. Maybe If we still have a democracy in 2028, She might be running for president. Maybe. Well, if we have a democracy, because as I've been asking over and over, can Biden win in 2024? I don't personally think he can. I think that they should shift, but that's just my personal opinion. I don want you to ask that question. They want you to just shut up. And. I. They haven't want me to ask it in 18 months, even though everybody's asking it now. But yes, if we still have a democracy four years from now, she, she could be one of the people running. Well, it's weird that they're asking now. We they should have been asking 18 months ago When, when, when I was saying, now It's too late to Change. Yeah. I'm not gonna say it's too late. Yeah, it's never too late to make a pivot. But You know when, when a lot of people were saying these things, they, they, they would get in trouble for it.


I'm not gonna say get in trouble, but people would give them backlash. But now that people like Chuck Schumer is saying it, and Nancy Pelosi is hinting at it. George George Clooney. They're democratic masses. When they Democratic masses say something. I bet you start seeing a lot of these Negroes shift. They, they, they tune down. They'll start singing a different song. But how you, How you spell mass songs? M-A-S-S-A. Okay. Okay. Alright. With a lot about five or six a's at the end of it. Maa Maa. Yes. A We got more from Michigan here today too. That's Right. Four two. Doug will be joining us. That's right. He's got a new album of Forever Us Never Him. Never. Which is out there. It's forever Us. Never them. What did I just say? He said forever Us. Never them. It's forever Us. Never them. Forever Us. Never them.


I just said the same Thing. You put the comma in the wrong space. There's no comma. Well, You put your space in the wrong space. Yes, you did Forever. Us Never them. Never them. Yes. His album is out right now. So it's all about Michigan this morning. Like I said, governor Gretchen Whitmer and 42, Doug will be joining us now. We got front page news when we come back. I'm sure we got a lot of President Trump and Biden this stuff to talk about. So we'll get to that. Next. It's The. Breakfast Club. Good morning. Morning everybody. It's DJ Envy. Just hilarious. Charlemagne the guy. We are The. Breakfast Club. Now let's get in some front page news. Good morning, Morgan. Good morning. Y'all. You know we got that front page news for you. Yes. So President Trump, he will announce his vice presidential running mate pick for the upcoming 2024 presidential election.


Soon speaking on Fox News's Brian Kilmeade show. He said he'll unveil his pick over the next week. Trump also slammed current vice President Kamala Harris in the process. Let's hear more from President Trump. I'd love to do it during the convention. You know in the old days they did it during the convention and it kept the convention Very exciting actually. So we'll see about that. But pretty soon we'll be announcing You know he got some good people. And I have changed a little bit, but you have, they're all great. Anyone would be fantastic. Anyone would be a lot better than laughing. Kamala, she's terrible. Kamala is just terrible. Of course, his top presidential or potential picks include North Dakota Governor Doug Bergham, Florida Senator Marco Rubio and Ohio Senator JD Vance, the Republican National Convention does get underway next week on Monday, July 15th.


Any thoughts on that? You guys? His vice president pick? No. Yeah, no, because I, I don't, I I don't think it matters too much. You know when it comes to the, to Donald Trump. Donald Trump has a very cult-like following. So he's the main attraction. I don't think he, there's anybody he can add to the ticket that's You know it's not gonna matter. Gonna hurt our, our help. Okay, well you are entitled to that opinion. Meanwhile, the White House is increasingly taking aim at a conservative Virginia Dub agenda. Dubbed Project 2025. We've heard a lot about that. Vice President Kamala Harris ridiculed the blueprint for a Trump presidency on a trip to Dallas, Texas recently, where she was the keynote speaker during a meeting with Alpha Kappa Alpha Sorority Incorporated.


Now let's hear more from BP Harris during that rally. It includes a plan to cut Social Security to repeal our $35 cap on insulin to eliminate the Department of Education. This represents an outright attack on our children, our families, and our future. This is the most existential, consequential and important election of our lifetime. The Trump recently took this truth social saying that he's pretty much trying to distance himself from the agenda. Project 2025, which was created by the right wing Heritage Foundation. He said on Friday, he doesn't know who wrote it.


Even though the two main authors are former Trump administration officials. IIII really don't understand why folks are spending so much time on Project 25. It is terrifying when you read it. Salute to the good sister Dr. Moon. She gifted me that book about a, a a month ago to read up on Project 2025. And I absolutely believe that will be something they implement if Trump gets back in the White House. I mean a lot of things are being implemented now, but they're being implemented by the Supreme Court and that's what I think people should be focusing on because You know Project 2000 2025. That's like a, a wishlist of what they want to happen if Trump gets back in the White House. But what the Supreme Court is doing is happening right now in real time. I wanna see the White House calling the Supreme Court an institution that is no longer legitimate.


I want them calling out the Supreme Court for being corrupt right now. 'cause they are absolutely abolishing You. know our constitutional rights in real time as we speak. That is way more of a threatening project. 2025 right now as we speak. Also a threat to us If. you have an iPhone, you might wanna listen up. Ming attacks are a threat. They could target your iPhone. Smishing is the term used for phishing attacks that are sent via text message. Now they appear to be trying to get Apple users to put their Apple ID logins according to Macworld and nine to five Mac. Now Apple users are reportedly receiving texts that claim to be from some sort of service representative with a website link to look at iCloud logins.


Now the website also includes a capcha. You guys know what Capcha is. That also appears to make it legitimate. You know captures when you put in a code to determine that you're a real person and not a bot. So people are being encouraged to double check the links that they received before entering their personal information and their Apple ID log in. So have you or anybody You know, experienced anything like that recently? I never Even heard a Ming tell just now. Ming Smell sound like a porn hug category. It's Always, it's always some type of fake something. Fake taxes. And these Apple phones, I get one like at least three times a week. Yeah. Calls too. Now the digital currency thing is gonna be very scary in the next 10 years because people are hacking into everything.


I seen them hack to the car business last week, which almost shut down the car business for a while where people couldn't do deals because they shut that down and then charged them a ransom to get Mil You know to get all that information back. Digital currency is scary 'cause it, I don't think we have enough protection on our stuff to be cool and calm and they could just go in your account and pull money off. They could just go into your credit cards. And I know it's happening to a lot of people. Digital currency is scary. Digital currency What you mean by digital currency? Like Bitcoin and stuff like that? No, you being able to have your money like You know how you pay You know you pay with your phone. Most people don't even carry cash anymore. Everything is digital. Everything is through the phones. Everything is that way. But people are breaking into people's accounts like crazy. Yeah. And it doesn't seem like there's enough protection. The banks are doing it enough to protect people and their money.


Mm. What If you could do it. You could protect yourself. You know. We'll talk more about that on the next hour. So you need a condom for Smushing. They definitely sound Regular people Getting Into the dark web. Oh gosh. Alright, well that is front page news. Thank you Morgan. We'll see you next hour. Alright, everybody else get it off your chest. 805 8 5 1 0 5 1. If. you need to vent. Phone lines are wide open again. 805. Eight five. Well, 1 0 5 1. It's a Thursday. Wake your ass up. It's The. Breakfast. Club. Good morning The. Breakfast Club. It's a new day. This is your time to get it off your chest. Wake up whether you're mad or blessed, it's time To get up and get something.


Call up now. (800) 585-1051. We want to hear from you on The. Breakfast. Club. Hello. Who's this? Yo, what's up? It's Alex out of North Carolina. What it is, Alex, I'm sorry you had to hear that conversation behind the scenes, but good morning. Hey, it's all good. Good morning. How y'all doing? Good, good, good. I was, I was upset about Joe Biden and Donald Trump like running for president 'cause they're both terrible. But then I started thinking about my girl, man, I got a nice sister outta saying all about to be together for a year tomorrow. So this is her. Shout out, man. I hope she's having a great day. She gets work. I was worried about what's going on in The. World, but You know what man, my life is all right Because I got girl it tough.


But when you think about what's going on for yourself, it, it gets a little bit better. All right, listen, There you go. I think in certain times I agree with you. 'cause you gotta remember your serenity prayer. God grant me the serenity accepted things. I cannot change courage to change the things I can in the wisdom to know the Difference. Amen Lord. That's right. Hello, who's this? Good morning. Good morning. My name is Princess Jasmine. C How are you guys this morning? How You feeling? Princess? Princess Jasmine, you little Disney character. Ah, Don't do that. Charlemagne. Actually You know me. You actually told me happy birthday on my 30th birthday. Oh, happy Birthday daddy. So you told me what, what's, oh, no, no, no, no, no. It's not my birthday. It's not my birthday. I'm telling you, you told me happy birthday a long time ago. Oh. And you told me something special. You told me that if I didn't make what I needed, don't worry because I still have time.


And I wanted to tell you guys that that was so pivotal. And important for me because I definitely didn't know that I was gonna be able to achieve all my dreams, which is why I'm going in this morning because I actually have some great news that I wanted to share with The World of America. And. I. Also wanted to pull a question to you guys. If, you have time. Is that okay? Yes ma'am. Perfect, Perfect. Thank you. Well, firstly, I just wanna say that I love, love, love what you guys do. Charlene, Jeff, and you guys get up for America every day. And I know how hard it is to show up for everybody. So I just wanna say from the bottom of my heart and from America that I'm, I'm grateful for what you guys do. Thank You. Thank You. However, I did get nominated. I'm I'm unsure. If, you guys know about the Caribbean Music Awards that is taking place August 29th and King Theater.


Are you guys aware of that? I never heard of it. No. Uhuh. Really. So this year, And I think last year as well, the Caribbean Music Awards have taken a place in Brooklyn. So it's basically just like the BEC awards, but it's for all Caribbean artists. And this year I actually got nominated for a competition called The Next Big Star, in which if I win, I'll be able to You know do the Red Carpet Announce season. And I'm really trying to get that, that spot. So If, you guys could just go ahead and vote by going to princess jasmine.com and go to back. Vote for me, vote dash for me. You'll be able to vote for me.


But it does post a really, really good question about the Caribbean If. you guys have one more second? I would love to throw that at you. Are you guys ready? I'm ready. Perfect. Okay. So the question is, I'm sure you guys have enjoyed a lot of things in the Caribbean, just Came back from man, You just came back from Mango, said, I'm sure You know how beautiful the culture is. Of Course. My question to New York and to Brooklyn and to all who was listening is if the Caribbean culture died or If, you lost something from Caribbean culture, what would you be afraid to lose? So for me, if Caribbean culture was to die, first and foremost, I would hate to move jerk chicken.


Same. And the reason why exactly right, because it's so cautious, so beautiful, and everyone loves it. The reason why I ask is because I don't know If, you guys noticed that recently Hurricane Merl has gone by and attacked actually the Caribbean cultures in a way that's devastated them and they're in real, real need of help. So I just wanted to raise awareness one for the Caribbean Music Awards. If, you guys are listening book for Princess Jazz and Speak. It is my job to raise awareness for Caribbeans if I can. And so if I don't win the competition, at the very least you guys will know to get your ticket for this event. This competition is actually being ran by cleft John, trying to raise awareness for the Caribbean culture in a way that hasn't been done in a while.


So, Well Ja, we're gonna invoice you for, we're gonna invoice you for this commercial that you just did. Absolutely. Okay. This promo. We appreciate it. Good luck and hopefully that you do win. Yes. Good Luck. And I. Yeah, same. I hope that she wins. And And I definitely would be devastated if we lost Caribbean food and Music. Yeah, definitely. Yeah. Caribbean food and music and, and also the islands. So salute two, all the Caribbean and Western Indian people out there. And also salute to Buju. I know Buju Bonton is in town this weekend. He's doing shows Saturday and Sunday. And I'm going, I'm going Saturday, so I can't wait to see Buju perform. All right. Get it off your chest. 805 8 5 1 0 5 1. If. you need to vent. Hit us up now. It's The Breakfast Club. Good morning The Breakfast Club.


This is your time to get it off your chat. 805 8 5 1 0 5 1. We want to hear from you on The. Breakfast Club. Hello. Who's this? Hey, good morning man. Peace and blessings man. Sean Stone. What's up? Why you sound So stressed? Sound depressed, brother. Yeah, No, no, no, no. It's called I just woke up because the baby just woke me up. So I had to feed the baby and I'm burping the baby at the same time. Oh, Okay. Oh wow. We want to let you go. No, no. Why you wanna Lemme go. I'm just saying, you burping the baby. I wanna make sure you good. You concentrate on the baby. Yeah, Yeah. Nah man, I, I'm able to multitask, man. I'm happy that you guys are back from vacation, man. You missed this. Oh, yeah, Yeah. I did miss y'all, man.


You missed, you You know. I was tired of hearing the, who said he missed me? I Said we missed you too. No, definitely Wasn't. No, you got so excited thinking that I missed you. That was envy. Oh, the Envy said that IIII could expect Envy saying something like that. Not from you, Sean, too. That could be if Too. Just voice very deep. Yo shout Man. I, man, I just voice is not deep. Just got a lady voice. Stop it, man. But anyway, voice. I know. 42. What'd You say? She has a lady voice. Oh, she don't Have a Oh my goodness. Thank you. Charlamagne You know how you always telling me I need to go to the studio and record a song? I ain't Never told you that. I ain't never told. I've never, I've actually told you the opposite. I ain't never told, I've never encouraged you to go in no damn studio and record nothing.


Well, I've finally done it anyway. And I came out with a, with a, with a record called Loving. And I'm wondering if The Breakfast Club family could support it, man. It's called Don Loving Platform. No. Good loving. Oh, okay. And you can find me an all streaming platform. It's SEAN, space Stone, S-T-O-N-E 8 7 6. This song is going viral on TikTok Man You. know what I mean? He's such a liar. I think I gotta go Record. No, I'm not lying, bro. That Song is not going viral On TikTok. Yes. It's why people Like to lie and say they song going viral on this song is not going viral on TikTok.


So, so man, it, it's a good song. It's on my Instagram page also Sean Stone tv on id. And it's a great song, man. Envy. You gotta play it, man. And let The Breakfast Club family judge it. Either flush it or play it. Man. Charlamagne won't let me play it. I'm not hating on it. If Envy wanna play it, he can play it. Charlamagne will not let me play it. I just don't think that we're ever gonna get to a point where we're gonna have time to do something like that on the show. We got a lot of pressing issues. See, like this morning we have the Michigan governor, the governor of Michigan, Gretchen Whitmer here talking about her new book. True Grech 42. Doug will be here talking about his album for s Never Them. Jess. Hilarious. Got Jess with The Mess. I got Donkey today. I just don't even know what we'd have time for each. But if everybody can come up here, if they have a book, talk about their book, their podcast and all that, we can sure play Sean Song.


No song. So you wanna play in your Jess with the Mess. I will get to it. No you won't. Oh my gosh. Get it off your chest. 805 8 5 1 0 5 1. Now we got Just With the Mess coming up. What we talking about? Yo Mag Thee Stallion was on family food and she was asked a couple questions, but there's one, people are overlooking this one. So we gonna get to one of the questions that they asked her. I don't know how she slap somebody. Alright, We'll get to that. Next. It's The. Breakfast Club. Good morning, The. Breakfast Club. Hey, morning Everybody. It's Steve J nv, just hilarious. Charlemagne the guy. We are The Breakfast. Club. Let's get to Jess with the Mess. Real Jessica Robin Moore.


Just don't do no lying. Don't Lie. She don't Spend nobody Worldwide. Jess Worldwide mess on The, Breakfast Club. She's a cultureship. She was able to get y'all to see something and understand something that nobody could get you To see. It's time to set it on. So Mike Thee Stallion was on celebrity family food, right? Her and her team. And the opposing team was Neil and his team, right? And so they had asked her a question right before you go to your team and play. And it's, it's another question that's going viral. But this one they try and skip over. And. I know they ain't trying to blow it up. But that's what I'm here to do.


So this is the question that was asked that I really want people to hear. Aim something you've done to your mates feet. Megan, massage. Massage Pass play. We gonna play Let, That's kinda wild. That's definitely kinda wild. That's kind of wild. I thought it was a very valid family feud question. What? No, because I damn sure was thinking about what have I done to my wife's feet soon as I heard it. Because You know when you watch Family Feud and you hear certain questions you start playing along. So I was like, massage them, rub them. But then I was like, maybe massaging rubs the same thing. Then I was like, suck the toes. Yeah. But then I was like, oh, You know what? I didn't see nobody say, put some warm feet.


State. Farm Insurance gets it. Representation alone doesn't equate to authenticity. State Farm understands and wants to help protect our communities by investing in our future building off the hard work our parents have done before us. We all are looking to create generational wealth so that our families and generations behind us have a better starting point than we did. That begins with financial literacy. State Farm helps fund programs like Project Ready, a National Urban League program committed to the educational achievement of black and brown youth. To date participants have been awarded over $11 million in scholarships offers as a direct result of contributions from State Farm at Eating Wall Broke. We hear inspiring rags to richest stories on each episode from our guests. But with State Farm, you can begin to write your own success story. State Farm believes that being better neighbors creates better communities and have a long lasting impact. Like a good neighbor. State Farm is there.


Hibernation season is over and it's time to get some sun outside. Gather your crew and hit the road in the spacious 2024 Nissan. Pathfinder your gateway to larger than life adventures with spacious seating for eight, an available panoramic moonroof. Everyone can enjoy the journey and soak in the scenery of the great Outdoors. Plus, with an available towing capacity of up to 6,000 pounds. An available intelligent four wheel drive feature with seven drive modes. You can take your favorite toys while adventuring on new terrains. Seize the thrill and start exploring with the 2024 Nissan Pathfinder today. Head over to Nissan USA dotcom. To learn more intelligent all-wheel drive cannot prevent collisions or provide enhanced traction in all conditions. Always monitor traffic and weather conditions. Towing capacity varies by configuration. See Nissan Towing Guide in Owner's manual for additional information. Always secure cargo.


Hey, there it is, Ryan Seacrest with you. Do you wanna make this summer unforgettable? Join me at Chumba Casino. It's this summer's hottest online destination. They are rolling out the red carpet with an amazing welcome offer just for you. So don't wait. Dive in now and play hundreds of social casino games for free. Your chance to redeem real prizes is just a spin away care to join me. Sponsored By Chumba Casino. No purchase necessary VG W Group Void. Were prohibited by law. 18 plus terms and conditions apply.


Are you still keeping your cash in a traditional savings account? If so, you could be earning more, much more. In fact, at public dot com's high yield cash account, you could be earning an industry leading 5.1% a PY. There are no fees or balance requirements. And you can access your cash whenever you want. Plus you get up to 5 million FDIC insurance. In other words, you can earn 5.1% a PY with the flexibility and security you deserve. It's time to take your cash out of a traditional savings account. It's time to take advantage of one of the industry's best interest rates. There are no fees, period. And you get up to 5 million FDIC insurance start earning 5.1% a PY on yourCash@public.com. 5.1% a PY as of 5 21. Subject to change. All investing involves risk of loss. Brokerage services offered by Public Investing Inc. Member Fin run, S-I-P-I-C, not a bank. See public.com/disclosures for more.


There are moments in life that are so special that you have to capture them and save them forever. They are one of those once in a lifetime events like your baby's first steps, the first time you bring your family pet home, or your daughter's first dance performance with iPhone 15 Pro more storage means you don't have to delete anything that can become a lasting memory one day. And it's important to be able to share these moments with family members who weren't there to see them in person. Store more, share more. Connect with iPhone 15 Pro on at and t get iPhone 15 Pro on at t and get an iPad and Apple Watch for 99 cents per month. Each at and t connecting changes everything. Limited time offer requires 0% a PR 36 month agreement on each well qualified customers. Other terms and restrictions apply. See att.com/iphone for details.


I mean, put some warm water in a in a, in a foot tub with some Epsom salt. Nobody gonna say all that. So basically the second, the Second thing. That was wild. That was a wild question Because that's like a pedicure basically. But her answer was the top answer. But for her, that was a wild question. Now I don't think it was like, like maliciously asked or anything like that, but they knew what they was doing's Not odd. No. Oh, it's very much odd. She got Shot in the foot. Now it's A foot question. Y'all don't watch Family Feud? I watch Family Feud all the time. But That's a, that's a, that's a, that's a's actually kind of a regular Family Feud type of question. That is, they Didn't have to do that, that feet question when she was there. They could have switched the questions up.


Right now listen, now listen, would you say the same thing if Tory Lanes was on there and they said, name something that you do to your friend's feet? Yeah. That would be different. Well, that would be, yeah. If it was Tory to, to your point, it applies more to Tory than it does to Megan. Yeah. If it was, if it was to Tory, I'd be like, okay, Nate trying to be funny. Yeah. And it also feels like, it feels like the internet seems to be more upset about that question than Megan thee stallion. She No, No, no. She didn't look upset at all. All She didn't, I mean, she great actress. She didn't look upset at all. Her team still won that little round You. know what I'm saying? But I just thought that that was, what's the word? Ironic. That they would ask her that. Yeah.


That they would ask her that. Why they ask Neo. Whatcha gonna do to your front feet? Why they ask them? Well, they asked Both of them. They asked. It was both of them remember. 'cause both of their turns. So she hit the buzzer First. Nah, Neo would've been something about his head. 'cause Neo got that big ass Called. Yeah, they, they always go off around who the person is like, Yeah. It would've been something about his head pause. I don't know why I paused that, but I just feel like I should. Yeah, definitely. Yeah, definitely. Anyway, Kiki Palmer defend Angela Simmons after Oreo bathtub post. Alright, so, so Angela has, she's collaborating with Baltimore's own pinky, Cole's slutty vegan. And she's, she has her own thing. It's called Eat Angela Cakes.


And the promo picture that she took for the collab, I, I was more confused than offended or mad at her. But a lot of people, she had a lot of people in the outrage. Angela Simmons has always had people in outrage, but she's in a tub full of Oreos. Oreo cookies, right? Yeah. Oreo cookies. And so it was so many people just going in on her. So Kiki Palmer was just like, the way these people are hating in your comments is something vicious. I'm so blown back. Just know you doing everything right. I've never seen so many people pressed Woo. Well, girl, where you live at. 'cause people pressed every day. But Oreo had responded. They, after Angela responded to Kiki thanking her for always supporting her, people was still criticizing, like they just criticized her about her purse at the BET awards.


'cause it was a gun shaped purse and all of that. Maybe 'cause she aimed it at people. But Oreo responded to the situation. They posted a tub full of Oreos. Angela wasn't in it, but they just posted the tub and it said, imagine hating me. And I'm just at home doing this. And then they captioned. Boy, we have a crush on Angela Simmons. So people might have bashed her right into a deal. I thought she already had. I don't freaking know What's going on. Now. This was a vegan, she has a vegan A vegan yeah. Alternative at Pinky's restaurant. Right? Right. And I. Guess she, I I don't know what the Oreos had to do with the vegan restaurant or Oreo. That's why I said I was more confused about none of, I thought it was a vegan Oreo. Wasn't it a vegan Oreo? I don't Oreos vegan.


No, they didn't. Or, or the or the dish that Pinky made for Angela was vegan from what I quickly glanced at. But Did it have Oreos in it? It had Oreos in it because, Because Pinky is everything Vegan. Vegan, right. Vegan. But I was confused because No, when she posted her in the tub full of Oreos, she didn't say anything about the, about the Oreos being vegan. But she don't have a, a deal with oil. Oh No. Yeah, she partner, she partnered with Slutty Vegan to release plant-based fried Oreos. Oh, for real. So that's the reason why she had it. Yeah. Yes. Or okay. Well they, yeah, they weren't fried. She was just, oh yeah, she was eating it and she was eating It. Yep. She was eating it. It, but I Thought it was just a sexy pick She did for her. Man. That's all I thought it was. I didn't read the caption. You know. I just thought it was a sexy pick She did for her.


Man. That's all. I Can't believe that we, that people are upset about this. Everything. If everything causes outrage, then nothing is outrageous. And at some point we have to realize this is what social media does. This is what social media is about. You got a bunch of people on social media who clearly aren't doing as much as the people that they constantly are talking about. Not at all. This should not offend you in no way shape. Wait till Charlamagne's picture comes out with all 'em hotdog in the tub. Let's see how people react at that point. Oh, oh, That's, that's never gonna happen. That's crazy. That's never gonna happen. I don't even know why your mind works that way. You're gay. DDG. He defends his decisions. So earlier this week, this man gave his six month old a lineup. He, well, he didn't give it to him himself. He got the barber to come out and line up his 6-year-old, I mean six month old son Halo, who I think is so cute just like his mother.


And of course people reacted You know saying things like, bro gonna push his natural hairline back. That's cute. But I think it's too early to give him a baby haircut to give. Oh God, the baby a haircut. Which I do agree with. But people was even going as far as saying like he should be canceled. Nah, I don't, I mean that's just too much. But this is what happened when you put your baby. And that's right. You put everybody online. I mean, I understand why Hailey wanted to keep the baby unseen for so long. I mean like internet is not what it used to be. That's his child for I understand that. You know. But you just gotta be ready for all of that. This is what he said in response to saying people outraged about it. Yeah. I don't know. I Don't even say Because my, I got my son a line up at six months.


Listen, y'all, y'all worry about your own kids. He came out of mama. Not yours. Worry about your own baby. Worry about your daddy. Why your daddy couldn't afford to get you a haircut. Let me be a happy dad. Y'all so used to black men being unres fathers. So y'all not used to seeing a present father. So y'all got something bad to say. Elephant in the room. YI see. Ain't no other race said anything bad. Why do we do this to each other? Why We always gotta fight each other instead? You should have just said it is lying and it's crispy. 'cause it is. But today I'm gonna teach him how to drive Solu. DDG. How do we know what race it is online though, by the way, nowadays? How do we even know we talking to real people?


It might be box. Yeah. And you can't be, you can't really be upset at people when they have those kinds of opinions. Especially when you make those type of things public as you said, Jess. Yeah. You. know what I mean? When you put those things out there to the public, people are gonna have a a, a reaction to it. You you open it up for people to comment. Yeah. And you can't, you can't mind that, like you said, I wouldn't do that for my son. But that's his son. He raises his son the way he wants to raise his son. I You know what I mean? We all parent different. What's the problem with It now? Now If you If you want your child to look like me. 'cause it's the reason I have a bald head completely that baby because of early, early hairline. Pushbacks. Okay. I had a cousin who used to practice on my, my my my head You know. And he's a barber now to my cousin Dante in mouse corner.


But that's kind of like why my hairline has been terrible for a long time. You Know. Blame it on your cousin. Well, When we were young, you practicing on me You know. And Technically Dei G's son is your cousin too. He is. That's true. Technically yes. Technically. Yeah. So hopefully you take it off to DDG with the hairline. You gotta let your hair grow out. That's okay. Well tell your cousin that I could grow my hair out now if I wanted to. No, you can't. No, I could. It just wouldn't be nothing. It wouldn't, I wouldn't have no edges. But I could grow it out. Like it'd be no headline George Jefferson, no edges. But I could grow it out if I wanted to. Mm. Okay. My head grows everywhere else. Just not the headline part. TMI. All right.


Thank you. That's just That TMI I'm talking about my scalp. Well, you extra gay this morning. And I. Don't understand why. Little freaky ass nigga. What's wrong with you? What's wrong with this man this morning? My hair grows anywhere else. Everywhere else. I'm, I'm clearly talking about my head. I I, yeah, like he got thick brows. You know a little mustache. That's the way that face hair be growing. And. I mean Letting the grays breathe right now. Okay. Yes. You. know what I mean? Alright. All right. Well thank you for that, Jess. With the mess. When we come back, the governor of Michigan, Gretchen Whitmer will be joining us. She has a new book, true Grech, what I've Learned about Life Leadership and everything in between. Well, Morgan's joining us first for front page news. Oh Shoot. Yes. Right. Morgan X and then the Governor of Michigan. So don't move us.


The Breakfast Club. Good morning, Wake up. Wake up. You're locked into The. Breakfast Club. Morning everybody. It's DJ Envy. Just hilarious. Charlamagne the guy. We are The Breakfast. Club. Let's get in some front page news. Hey Morgan. Hey y'all. Hey. Did y'all hear about the Federal Reserve? No. Tell you so the Federal Reserve says hi inflation isn't the only risk the economy faces. Federal Reserve Chair Jerome Powell recently told Congress that the economy is trending upwards. But he wants to see more evidence. Inflation is cooling before cutting interest rates. Let's hear more from Federal Reserve chair Jerome Powell. Inflation has eased notably over the past couple of years, but remains above the federal open market committee's longer run goal of 2%.


Over the past two years, the economy has made considerable progress toward the Fed's. 2% inflation goal and labor market conditions have cooled while remaining strong reflecting these developments, the risks to achieving our employment and inflation goals are coming into better balance. Recent indicators suggest that the US economy continues to expand at a solid pace. Gross domestic product growth appears to have moderated in the first half of this year following impressive strength in the second half of last year. Yeah. So inflation obviously has been a hot topic. Powell goes on to add that waiting too long to cut rates could hurt the economy and the labor market. He also said new numbers showing unemployment rising slightly might prompt rates to be cut sooner.


But the Federal Reserve will need to examine more economic data before making a rate cut decision. There's more happening in Congress. You might like this one Charlamagne look alive. New York Congresswoman Alexandria Apia Cortez is filing articles of impeachment against Supreme Court Justices Clarence Thomas and Samuel Alito. The article cite the failure of the justices to disclose gifts from individuals with businesses before the court, as well as their refusal to recuse themselves from cases they or their family members have close ties to. Now, Ocasio-Cortez in a statement told Congress, said Congress has a legal, moral and democratic obligation to impeach.


Democrats have rallied against the Supreme Court following a series of rulings and ethics controversies involving Justices Thomas and Alito. I know for sure that for more than 20 years, justice Thomas has accepted millions of dollars worth of gifts, I will say from donors like Harlan Crow to which Harlan Crow calls quote, extending hospitality. What are your thoughts on that, Charlamagne? That's exactly what you were saying. Yeah. I wonder how that's going to impact them. I mean, 'cause they've already made it to where You know, You know state and local officials You know, can take Bris. Clearly they changed the rules for themselves. What I am glad that You know a OC is doing something. I feel it is good that somebody on the hill is focused on what they need to be focused on. 'cause as I keep saying, the Supreme Court is no longer a legitimate institution.


The Supreme Court is beyond corrupt. And the White House should be saying it over and over. Everybody with a platform should be saying it over and over. And I understand. When you trapped under an avalanche, it's a bunch of different rocks that can kill you. So we wanna talk about Trump in Project 2025 with the illegitimate institution. That is, the Supreme Court has already impacted. It is impacting right now from Roe v. Wade being abolished to them saying state and local officials can take bribes to grant immunity to President. So they are above the law and can commit crimes as long as they're official acts. That's not democracy y'all. That's not democracy. So I'm glad a OC is, I'm glad a OC is bringing it to him. Yeah. You know who else is doing something. Google. Google is planning to make its dark web monitoring service free for every Google account holder later this month.


Now Google one subscribers have already had access to the service for about a year now Google says the move reflects a dedication to help users protect their online presence. This is what I was talking about your earlier protecting your online presence. Not those other things you guys were talking about. So monitoring for dark web leaks for of things like phone numbers, addresses, and stolen account information. So for those who don't know, the dark web is the hidden part of the internet that allows people to hide their identity and location of from others. And law enforcement basically where cyber, cyber criminals do their thing. But now it'll be open to just about everybody. Anyone who uses Google or has a Google account. What about that? You I I I love that. I'll be able to go check and see if anything that I have is compromised.


Right? I mean, You know. I don't know. I don't know how any of this works. I'm gonna be honest with you. I have no idea how the internet works anymore. I really don't. But you're still, it's still, it's always gonna be something like that. You get what I'm saying? Like, or this was, I think something like this was happening last year and they still, it's always somebody that can hack to you somewhere because you got Gmail or an iPhone. Like it's, I Don't, yeah, I don't trust. You're absolutely right. I don't know how many emails or or text that you guys got that If, you know, you went to a business or you paid with a credit card and then later on they send you email. Just wanna let You know that our system was hacked and your your information could be published. Like I see that all the time. So that's Crazy. Yeah.


And I. Don't think we realize how all, how big our individual digital footprints are. I'm 46 years old. I've been on social media since the MySpace days. Days. Yeah. So I did You know what I'm saying? Like, there's so much of our information that's just floating around online. You know. I don't, I don't, I, like I said, I don't even know how the internet works anymore, but, But it even makes it Feel like Pandora's boxes open. It's just kind of like it is what it is. Yeah. Yeah, it is. And like even I, I gotta, I keep getting this one guy's credit card to my house, right? And every time I call the credit card company and tell 'em that the person doesn't live there, that it feels like a fake credit card. I, they, they tell me there's nothing that they can do, but they keep sending this guy's credit card.


I don't even know, but it's my address. So what I'm thinking is, somebody filled out a credit card and was gonna try to go in the box and take it out before I get it. But it's like, but every time I call a credit card company and tell 'em like, Hey, can You know take this, can you check this account? This doesn't live here. They say there's nothing they can do, which is Whoever that person is, they should be glad that that credit card is going to a Dominican household and not a Nigerian household. Because I promise you of a Nigerian household was getting a hold of that credit card. Oh my God. Oh my goodness. Christmas would be up. Start playing with this year. You hit Me. Oh my goodness. Please Start playing with my cousin. Alright, Stop. We got time for one more or no? No. Okay. Well that's cool. Well, that's your front page news. I'm Morgan Wood. Follow me on social at Morgan Media. And for news, for news coverage, follow at Black Information Network and check us out@bnews.com.


I was gonna say Shrek is coming back. Y'all Morgan said you ain't gotta start playing the music. I'm wrapping up my acceptance speech right now. Thank you. No. Well, the governor of Michigan will be joining us next. Gretchen Whitmer. She has a new book, big G is What they call him. What I've learned about life, leadership and everything in between. So Gretchen Whitmer, when we come back is The Breakfast. Club. Good morning The. Breakfast Club. Morning everybody. It's DJ Envy. Jess. Hilarious. Charlamagne the guy. We are The Breakfast. Club. We got a special guest in the building. Yes indeed. We have the governor, Gretchen Whitmer. Welcome. How you feeling? I'm feeling good. You feeling good? Would you like some tequila this morning or you too early You know I don't good Tequila is fine anytime of day, but I'm not gonna start my day out that way today.


I don't know if she wants it 'cause she can't keep it down. She she keeps talking About how bad experience. That's why, why I've grown since that Exactly. Has that stuck with you your whole life. Like that one story. And everybody always talks about that one thing. Well, You Know, obviously what you're talking about is I over, I drank too much when I was in high school and you shouldn't have been drinking at that at that young age anyway. But I got caught drinking at a high school football game. I was passed out. My principal came upon me. And I tossed my cookies on him. And You know. It was kind of a notorious thing at the time. Everyone in school knew it happened. I got suspended, I got in big trouble. My mother wanted to kill me. But You know, I tell that story in my book because it, it was that moment where I screwed up. But I learned a lot As a mom.


What do you tell your kids? Right? Because your kids are gonna make mistakes. Right? You have two daughters. Yep. And all I would say if I was your daughter's mom, what about you in high school? So what do you tell your kids? Well, that's why I didn't tell 'em till after they were outta high school. But You know, You know. I mean, we're all human and we gotta see the humanity in one another. We all fall short on occasion. We gotta hope that you learn from from those times. And I think that's what I've tried to instill in my own kids. They've made their own mistakes. But You know what, fortunately for my generation, we didn't all have cell phones. We weren't all recording it. That's true. It wasn't something that you had a receipt that you had to carry with you the rest of your life. And that's one of the things I try to encourage my kids to You know, give other people grace. Give yourself a little grace and put that damn phone down.


Yeah. I also like that you kept your book true g what I've learned about life, leadership and everything between. I like that you kept it short and it's an easy read. Did you do that on purpose? Yeah. You know Charlemagne, one of the things that I get asked the most, whether I'm traveling across Michigan or outside of Michigan, is how do I stay positive? You know I ran for reelection and a lot of people said, why do you wanna keep doing this You know, in my first term, I dealt with a pandemic, a president who targeted me a plot to kidnap and kill me. 28 recall attempts dealt with flooding in Midland that wiped out dams and bridges. We had to evacuate 10,000 people in the middle of the night in the middle of a pandemic.


Dealt with all the hate that that came my way. And it was an understandable question. You know, rational people said, why do you wanna keep doing this? And so this book really is that it is kind of a handbook. 10 things I've learned in my life at different times in my life that I have used in situation that, that I've had to navigate as governor and You know. I wanna give people, maybe you can get a laugh at my expense about the drinking or knocking my teeth out. I talk about that in the book too. Maybe there's a lesson that'll give someone some inspiration when they're navigating a hard time, whether it's in the workplace or in their private life, or maybe it's just a little light reading. And what I know is a heavy time for a lot of folks, all of us.


Right? And so that's really what it's about. Trying to put a little light out in The World in a in a damn dark time. Would, Would you ever release a book during a presidential election year? Like it's gotta be a very awkward time, especially now with everybody talking about wanting Biden to step down. It has to be a very awkward time. Well obviously when you write a book, you have no idea what is gonna be happening by the time that book comes out. Yeah. But you knew it was gonna be a presidential election year. I did. Yeah, I did. And that's why I wrote it. 'cause I, I knew this was gonna be heavy time. I knew it was gonna be hard. You knew the matchup was gonna be Donald Trump and Joe Biden again, And I, thought You know people are gonna want some, some encouragement. And that's what I, what I try to spread. Did you speak with Biden before his debate? Right? Because you talk about your previous debates and how you were, you were loose, you were, people looked at you as an ordinary person.


They felt relatable. But I think sometimes people don't see that with Biden. Did you have those conversations with him to be like, loosen up a little bit? Or did you have those conversations? Any pep talks? I didn't. And You know. I, in retrospect, maybe You know that was a missed opportunity on my part. I tell the story in, in the book You know I was running for governor the first time in, in 2000 and Emily's List You know great organization that helps women candidates sent a debate coach to come talk with me. And You know, he gave me a lot of good, good pointers. But one of the things he said was, the Happy Warrior wins every debate. Whoever looks like they're having the most fun is the winner. No matter what people say. And I thought it was interesting. So I was thinking, what's gonna put me in the happy warrior frame of mind?


So a couple weeks before the first debate, we went to go see Kevin Hart and Naam Lynn gave this great, made this great observation that women are a lot more bold today. Who Naam? Yeah. Back in The day. Yeah. Back in the day, You know if a woman was men.


State Farm Insurance gets it. Representation alone doesn't equate to authenticity. State Farm understands and wants to help protect our communities by investing in our future building off the hard work our parents have done before us. We all are looking to create generational wealth so that our families and generations behind us have a better starting point than we did. That begins with financial literacy. State Farm helps fund programs like Project Ready, a National Urban League program committed to the educational achievement of black and brown youth. To date participants have been awarded over $11 million in scholarships offers as a direct result of contributions from State Farm at Eating Wall broke. We hear inspiring rags to richest stories on each episode from our guest. But with State Farm, you can begin to write your own success story. State Farm believes that being better neighbors creates better communities and have a long lasting impact. Like a good neighbor. State Farm is there.


Hybrid Nation season is over and it's time to get some sun outside. Gather your crew and hit the road in the spacious 2024 Nissan Pathfinder your getaway to larger than life adventures with spacious seating for eight and available panoramic moonroof. Everyone can enjoy the journey and soak in the scenery of the great Outdoors. Plus with an available toing capacity of up to 6,000 pounds. And an available intelligent four-wheel drive feature with seven drive modes. You can take your favorite toys while victory on new terrains. Seize the thrill and start exploring with the 2024 Nissan Pathfinder today. Head over to Nissan usa.com to learn more intelligent All-wheel drive cannot prevent collisions or provide enhanced traction in all conditions. Always monitor traffic and weather conditions. Towing capacity varies by configuration. See Nissan Towing Guide and Owner's manual for additional information. Always secure Cargo@public.com.


We've brought all your investing together in one place. From stocks to options bonds to treasuries and crypto, it's all here. You can even put your cash to work at an industry leading 5.1% a PY. It's the most simple yet sophisticated investing experience on the market. A place where all your investments are just a tap away because why juggle multiple investing apps when you can have one that does it all. Meet your new primary portfolio public.com. A US-based company and member of finra. With award-winning customer support, all you are investing in one place, 5.1% A PY is of 5 21 subject to change. All investing involves risk brokerage services for us. Listed securities options and bonds in a self-directed brokerage account are offered by public investing Member FINRA and S-I-P-I-C. Not a bank, not investment advice.


Hey everyone, it is Ryan Seacrest here ready to heat up your summer vacation. Get ready. Things are about to get sizzling at Chumba Casino your summer, getting a whole lot hotter with a special daily login bonus waiting just for you. So sign up now for reels of fun and reels of prizes right here at Chumba Casino with yours. Truly join me@chumbacasino.com and dive into a summer of social casino fun sponsored By Chumba Casino. No purchase necessary. VG W Group Void. Were prohibited by law. 18 plus terms and conditions apply.


You are probably careful with your personal information, but what about the other places that have it Like the doctor's office that mixed up your files. They have your social security number, the power company that mistakenly cut your service, has your payment info and last three addresses. And the hotel that lost your reservation has your passport info. Your information is in endless places out of your control. Any one of them could accidentally expose you to hackers and identity theft through lack security breaches or simple mistakes. But LifeLock monitors millions of data points every second and alerts you to a wide range of threats. If your identity is stolen, a US-based restoration specialist will fix it. Guaranteed. Or your money back with plans covering up to $3 million for stolen funds and expenses. Mistakes happen. Don't let not having protection be one of them. Save up to 40% your first year at lifelock.com/news. That's lifelock.com/news to save up to 40% terms apply.


Frustrating. She'd be real shy about talking about it. You'd say, come on, I You know wanna come over and get together. And she'd say, oh, You know my aunt's in town like Aunt Flo, right? He said, today when you say, I wanna come over and see you, and it's that time of the month, a woman would say, you're not coming over. It's Shark Week mother. Thanks And. I thought that was the funniest. So I went in and wrote that at the top of my paper, SSW comma mf. And that kept me loose and hilarious and funny. And my colleague was all buttoned up and he said, oh, You know I'm Bill Schu on duty. And I said Welcome to Shark Week. You know. And it just kept me loose and happy. And I got caught on a hot mic mouthing the word mother. And it was during the Democratic National Convention, And I was just off beside myself that someone sent out that footage.


'cause it was virtual four years ago. I know, like I always wonder how much prep is too much prep. 'cause I always say the language of politics is dead. So if that is how you talk, why can you not communicate like that? Because that's how most of America speaks. I think you're right. I think you're right. And so like my first in my initial reaction was, oh man, this came out. And it'll it'll You didn't say, oh man, you said, oh, I did. Oh, sh And I came out and You know this is what people are gonna focus on instead of what I said. And And I worked hard on that speech. I wanted people to hear what I said, And I thought. Oh geez. But we embraced it. And You know what people did too. People started showing up. They make candles that say, shark, we mother, they got T-shirts, You know And I thought, you're right, this is how people talk.


It resonated with people. And it turned out to be a really funny episode. And that's maybe the lesson, right? You gotta be the happy warrior. You talk about your head. Why didn't your grandma want you to part your head on the middle? Beats the hell outta me. And I said, don't take that piece of advice, but work hard. Wait to wait to get married a little later in life. I think those are are good pieces of advice. Yeah. She gave you three pieces of advice. What was it? Don't don't put your head down the middle. Work hard. Work hard, And don't get, and don't get married until you're at least 28. Yep. Yes. Yep. I think those were good pieces of advice. Did did you follow 'em all? I did You know I'm a hard worker. Okay. I, I know that I'm raised at, in a state that You know we're full of people that work hard.


Michiganders got grit. And I think that that's You know part of the title, right? True Grit. It's true Gretch, but it's a play off that because I think grit is what really defines my philosophy and who the people in Michigan are. We work hard, we show up, we expect a fair shake. And, I think that's what has centered a lot of the work that I do. And You know like so many people. I was lucky to have two great, phenomenal grandmothers who really had a massive impact on my life. Nino, my, my dad's mom. Who? Esther, that's my middle name. Gretchen Esther. She was You know, raised on a farm in rural Ohio. She was at a, at the age of, or late nineties, was lobbying people in her church to vote for Barack Obama.


Wow. She was ahead of her time and, and in so many ways, a You know strong feminist. And she taught me a lot. But see, trying to find the good in every situation in every person was something that she imparted on us and imparted on us. And she was the one who said, even the meanest personal world might have pretty eyes try to find the good And I. And that's something that You know I have found has has been a real important lesson for me to have in the back of my head through all the crazy stuff that I've had After Donald Trump. What's good? Yeah. I was gonna say the same thing. What's the good in Donald Trump? You said your grandmother said, find the good in everybody. Well, You know what, the one thing I can say about Donald Trump is he can read public sentiment.


He, he didn't know how to fix anything. He doesn't know how to do the job of, of president. He treats people with disrespect. And, and You know Teach teaches people the hate and You know there are a lot of downsides, but he can read what's going on with people and he can feed into it and feed off of it. And I think that that's, that's a, a talent does ease it for good Hell no. But, but that is something that he does well. All right. We got more with the governor of Michigan, Gretchen Whitmer when we come back. So don't move. It's The. Breakfast Club. Yeah. Morning everybody. It's DJ NV Jess Larry Charlamagne the guy. We are The Breakfast Club. We're still kicking it with the Governor of Michigan. Gretchen Whitmer. Thank You. I'm glad to be here. Now I got a question. What made you wanna get into politics?


What was the thing that says, this is what I want to do? Yeah, it really was the first time around was You know I was practicing law. I had worked for the House Democrats in Michigan. We had a tie in our State House, 55 Democrats and 55 Republicans when I worked there, which was a, the only time it's ever happened in Michigan. And they had to work together. And that's when I cut my teeth in politics. I really got to see maybe the best in what government can be. But I kinda looked at the field of people, And I thought, man, I can do as good a job as any of these yahoos. So I decided to throw my my hat in the race. And I've won every election since. But the Flint water crisis became known. And just to refresh everyone's memory, You know Flint is a predominantly black city.


It was a thriving city for many decades when General Motors had a huge presence there. As the company took resources outta Flint, You know poverty grew and it was a city that didn't have a whole lot of support in state government. And at a time when budgets were tight, my predecessor appointed a emergency manager who went in and made catastrophic decisions not to treat the water. And the people in Flint got a lot of lead poisoning in their water that became public. And that really was what drove me to wanna run for governor. The, the, the people. Flint deserved better. They need a governor who is gonna make this right.


And I looked at who was talking about running And I thought You know what, I know how to do it. I'm gonna, I'm gonna get in this race. Donald Trump had just carried Michigan 11,000 vote difference between him and Hillary Clinton. And 16 And I thought, I gotta get organized, I gotta get all across the state. And I spent two years campaigning and all 83 counties I showed up in places Democrats write off often. And I won. And, and so many lessons from what happened around the Flint water crisis has driven the work that I've done to try to make it right to ensure other communities don't have a catastrophe like they had in Flint. And, and we've made great strides. I'm proud of the work that we've done, but there's a lot more work to do. Is the Water Fixed and flint? Yeah. So almost every pipe has been replaced.


The ones that haven't, they had a hard time getting contact with homeowners that maybe don't live there anymore. So yes, the, the water is clean. We've got, we've expanded resources for nutrition for Flint kids. 'cause we know to address lead poisoning that, that's a very crucial component. We just started what we call RX kids, which is monetary support for expectant mothers and babies. This is You know direct dollars into the household that it was driven by Dr. Mona Hannah Atisha, who was the, the doctor that discovered the lin the Flint led crisis. So we've done a lot of really creative things. We're continuing to invest in Flint and crazy to say, but in Michigan, we got great public park system, great state park system.


The only county in Michigan that didn't have a state park was Genesee County, which is where Flint is. We've created a state park there, made great investment in downtown Flint so that people can have the kind of amenities that they expect everywhere else in the state. Finally, You know you, you've done, you've done some things in Michigan that i, i I wanna highlight 'cause I think they're great. And you've said some things like you once said you declared racism as a public health crisis and you required all medical professionals to undergo unconscious bias training to improve healthcare and target disparities. Is the unconscious bias training something that's going to transcend past healthcare? 'cause I feel like that should be in law enforcement. That should be in the banking system. Like I feel like that should be in so many schooling. The school, I feel like that should be in so many different spaces.


Absolutely. It, we require all state employees to go through it. So whether you're working with people in the healthcare space or in law enforcement or anywhere for that matter, it's important to recognize we all bring bias. Like we're human beings with lived experiences that informed how we act. If we are cognizant of it, we can do better. But if we're not talking about it, not thinking about it, not examining it, we aren't gonna change anything. And so that training I think is really important. I went through the training just like everyone on my staff and throughout state government did And I think more workplaces should require it because it's, it is just an honest assessment of who we are. And it's how we grow And. I like to think most people wanna do better, but we can't expect 'em to do better if they don't know better.


That's Right. And and it's another thing that you do that I like and, and Governor Shapiro has a version of it in Pennsylvania, but it's the Clean slate bill. Mm. And the clean slate for kids that, that you signed. What, what is that about? Well, I'll tell you, one of the days that will live with me for the rest of my life was You know we, we changed the laws in Michigan so that people can get their records expunged. We made sure that people that were You know, sentenced and did, did time for marijuana offenses. Don't have that on the record anymore. It's now legal in Michigan. So you shouldn't have to carry that with you. And so we've made big strides. There's always more work to do, but our bail reform, you're not sitting in jail because you don't have some money in your pocket for a You know, a civil infraction. We've, we've made a lot of great policy changes and we've helped a lot of people get another opportunity, which is everyone deserves that.


Now lemme ask you a question. I know you're here to promote your book, but I wanted to ask you a question. A lot of people are not necessarily confident in Joe Biden right now. They don't know if they should go out and vote at all. Maybe they're looking, people are thinking right now, maybe it's the lesser of two evils. What do you say to those individuals that are not a thousand percent confident in Biden? Maybe think Biden is too old. Maybe think that he doesn't, has early signs of dementia. What do you say to those people? Well, I'll start with this You know, we all watched that debate and You know it. It was bad. I mean, that's an understatement. It was, it was really bad, horrible. And it shook a lot of people. And people are asking questions and, and You know what? I don't have a problem with that. You should ask questions. You should demand that your leaders are are up to the job.


I believe that Joe Biden is, and he's a fighter. He's ready to go. He had a bad night. He'd be the first to admit it. It was terrible. Yet here we are. We've got a choice between an affirmative vote for Joe Biden or anything else. Is a vote for Donald Trump and a second Trump presidency will be devastating. A second Trump presidency will take us further down the line of taking away individual rights of You know a worse and more intolerant nation with bigger discrepancies and income. I'm unwavering in my support of Joe Biden, Kamala Harris. I think that they are great leaders. We're fortunate to have 'em. They've got the receipts and they got a plan for the next four years. The other guy represents a real clear and present danger.


And I Often feel like y'all should be offended. And the reason I say y'all should be offended is 'cause people will say, is this the best America has to offer? Is this the best the Democratic Party has to offer in Biden? And it does kind of like You know, make yourself and the, the Westmores and the Shapiros and the Buttigieg and the VP look like, damn aren't they're, they're all better to me than You know the current leader of the, of the party. Well, you're all these people you're going to, we're going to see do incredible things for the short term and the long term. So we're fortunate in that one You know, I understand that sentiment and You know I got kids. They're 22 and 20 and they're not as excited as I You know would love for them to be.


And yet I know they're gonna vote. 'cause they understand their rights to make their own decisions about their bodies, their ability to get housing after they graduate from college and try to get You know an affordable place to live that is on their minds, their ability to You know, live a long life in a climate that can sustain humanity. Right. Gun violence. This generation has grown up doing mass shooting drills. We can't even appreciate what kind of trauma that's inflicted on this generation. They are engaged in a way that we weren't. And so the fact that maybe Joe Biden doesn't resonate as well with every voter that's out there, I think that the every voter can see a voice. A person that is a part of this effort that does though And I think that that kind of avenger style campaign and leadership has gotta be a part of how we go forward.


I've been saying that I don't want to, I would rather see his surrogates out there. Do you wanna see him debate again? Do you think he should debate again? I don't know. It doesn't seem as though people go into debates with open minds these days. I do agree with you that having surrogates out there is is powerful and incredibly helpful. And I know, You know a lot of my colleagues and standard bearers for the party are gonna be descending into Michigan. And I'm excited about that because I want people to see You know. I want people to get to know all of these leaders that are doing the work and that are a part of the work that President Biden has gotten done. I want them to hear from them too. Alright. Keep it luck. We got more with the governor of Michigan. Gretchen Whitmer, Mr. Breakfast Club. Good morning. Morning everybody. It's DJ Envy.


Jess. Hilarious. Charlemagne the guy. We are The Breakfast Club. We're still kicking in with the governor of Michigan. Gretchen Whitmer, Charlemagne You Know, just talk about Michigan 'cause it's a huge battleground. State over a hundred thousand primary voters cast uncommitted votes back in February because of the Biden's administration's funding of the Israel military and the war on Palestine. Does that concern you about how Michigan will turn out in November? Yeah, of course it does. You know the great story of Michigan is that we are the place people came to from around The World for opportunity. And because of that we got a richly diverse population. Right? People came from the south for a job on the line. People came from Lebanon for a job on the line. We people, people came from Holland for a job in You.


know the muck fields on the west side of the state or from Finland for a job in mining in the upper peninsula. Mm. I mean we've, we're a very diverse state and it's a great strength. It also is made up of communities. All of these communities that I've been able to count on as a part of the coalition that's always supported my candidacy for office. And I'm grateful for that. Everyone's hurting right now. That's the only universal truth. You know our Jewish community is, is in pain. We've seen the rise of antisemitism, the horrors of October 7th, the hostages that still haven't been released. I understand the pain and that people are feeling checked out and unheard. That's why the listening part is so important.


That's why I say listening is a superpower in, in my book, And I think that's something that, that Biden does better than Trump does. He's an empathetic guy who actually cares about people. What would your message be to the Muslim Arab community in Michigan in regards to supporting President Biden come November? 'cause You know 50,000 You know innocent people killed. It's, it's, it's, it's tough to see. Oh Yeah. No, it's, it's it's horrific. Women and children. Yeah. Yeah. And, and men too. You know everyone points to women and children, but there are a lot of innocent men who's who've lost their lives too. I mean, it is horrific. And yet if we want to have a leader of the free world who sees that, who cares about leading a for a two state solution, who's never gonna campaign on like a Muslim ban or child separation at the border for brown families coming into this country.


I mean, that, that's Joe Biden. There's no question who the better leader is on, on all of these issues. And it's Joe Biden You Know chapter nine. You talk about owning your screw ups and forgiving others for theirs. And I read where you wanted to actually meet with someone from the far right militia that plotted to kidnap and, and assassinate you. Yeah. I don't know if my forgiveness worked that way. Yeah. Why? That's little crazy. Wouldn't want to have that conversation like it was. Well, You know you hope to gain. When I wrote that, I didn't know it would get such strong reaction. But, but it has. So you're, you're in the majority. You're trying to kid this, you and You know and Kill You know. What do you get, what do you hope to gain from There were 12 to 14 guys who were out there planning for months to kidnap and then hold a sham trial and execute me.


That was their plan. And they had a kill house. They went through all these exercises to practice that Jesus Christ. Text messages are horrific. Fortunately, law enforcement, You know, had infiltrated. They had an informer and they were able to to keep it from happening. And I'm grateful for that. Have you forgiven them yet? Yeah. Really? Yeah. How does the forgiveness thing work in regard to like politicians? Like, can you, can you forgive Trump for leading an attempted co of this country? Can you give the Supreme Court for a boxing Roe v. Wade? Like, does that, does your forgiveness work that way too? Well, I think if If you own it. Yeah. I think If. you say You know you have you have learned or you regret then. Yeah, I think it, it is.


You can forgive. Did you hear a Gmma Cassius song about you? Big gre? Oh man, I love Gmma Cash. He sent me a, an email yesterday. He said, he said, good luck on GMA. I'm rooting for you bestie. So, yeah. Okay. That is fun. We're not best friends, but I like to think that we're very good friends. How did you feel when you heard the record and who, who put you onto it? Okay, So first it started with the nickname Big Grech. Big Grech. Big Grech. So You know, first of all, I'm named after my two grandmas. Gretchen and Esther, they're both in the book. But Grandma Gretchen always said, don't ever let anyone call you Grech. Your name is Gretchen. So I've always had an aversion to being called Grech. I don't know many women that want big in the front of their nickname. Am I right?


Big Grech? Well, it depends. You know If you, If you heavy set. We say you got a big back. But big. But big can mean like position as well. Yeah. Like, yeah. Well It's it's all good now. Yeah. Yeah. But You know, when I first heard the name Big Gretchen, I'm like, oh Lord, what is happening here? But then GMAC made it into a, into the rap song. And I just love it. I think Big GRE has become this, this nickname I never knew that I needed. It was given to me. Trump was kicking my butt. He was making my life miserable. I was getting all sorts of threats and ugliness. And this happened at a time where I really You know, appreciated the boost. And everywhere I go, especially in Detroit, I'm Big Red. Why aren't people saying the Supreme Court is no longer a legitimate institution?


Why aren't folks calling them out for their corruption? I am You know And I was glad to see Sheldon Whitehouse send a letter to Merrick Garland. I don't know if he's gonna do anything about it, but I hope he does because I, it is so depressing and sad to me. I You know I'm a lawyer. I was raised by You know two public servants who also were lawyers though, and who revered the judicial system. That it was the check on government that it was above the politics of the day. We saw that over the years where decisions came out. Even If, you didn't agree with 'em. You respected 'em because they were grounded in some You know interpretation of the Constitution. Not a political agenda and yet not what we've seen now. Trump remade the Supreme Court three appointees who lied to Congress about Roe v Wade and went on and just eviscerated women's reproductive freedom that is on this ballot, a majority now, who has said that a president has You know this vast immunity now that the law doesn't apply to the person who is who we elect as our president.


It is scary. And they are terribly frustrating to have all the presumptions. I was raised to believe that you could count on that court thrown into the garbage in a, in a dumpster. And it, it, it's a real problem. And, I'm glad to see You know. Some folks in Congress are taking it seriously, but man, we need a better mechanism to hold them accountable. Do You still think it's a legitimate institution? The Supreme Court? I think that they've bastardized it. I hate to say it. You shouldn't. It's the truth. Yeah. Yeah. I hate the fact of it. You know we deserve better. And those justices took an oath then man, it, it's just horrible to see that. Not even they're holding it up. Last question. When you see people from Michigan or Detroit, do you agree to what up do? Yeah, Absolutely. That's, that's how we greet one another.


What up do? Well, 42. Doug is here. So you'll be able to say that to him in a second. Excellent. You'll probably see him in the hallway. Alright, Well it's the governor, Gretchen Whitman, we appreciate Gretchen Whitman time us. Thank you so much, governor of Michigan. Pleasure. Make sure you go get our new book True Grech, what I've learned about life, leadership and everything in between. And don't be a stranger please. All we we're on a lot of stations in Michigan. YI know. I'll come back. Please do. All right, thank you. It's The. Breakfast Club. Good morning. Morning everybody. It's DJ Envy. Jess. Hilarious. Charlamagne the guy We are The. Breakfast. Club. Good morning. Yeah. Salute to Gretchen Whit Whitmer for pulling up the governor of Michigan. It's a shame Democrats have all those charismatic, way more talented politicians than Joe Biden. Yet here we are. Yeah.


Maybe not for


Seeing our communities grow and thrive is something we care deeply about Here at Black Tech Green Money State Farm Insurance also cares about the growth of black communities. They're actively investing in programs and initiatives that help provide financial literacy, give early career advice and grow black-owned businesses. Thus leading to generational wealth which helps protect the future of our communities. We wanna build a future that we all can be proud of. State Farm understands that representation alone doesn't equate to authenticity. It also requires active sponsorship of programs like the Axo. A year long program that recognizes and rewards high school students for their academic and cultural achievements. Along with funding programs like Project Ready. A National Urban League program committed to educational achievement of black and brown youth that has awarded over $11 million in scholarship offers to date State Farm believes that being better neighbors creates better communities and can have a long lasting impact. Like a good neighbor. State Farm is there.


Hybrid Nation season is over and it's time to get some sun outside. Gather your crew and hit the road in the spacious 2024 Nissan Pathfinder your getaway to larger than life adventures with spacious seating for eight and available panoramic moonroof. Everyone can enjoy the journey and soaking in the scenery of the great Outdoors. Plus with an available torn capacity of up to 6,000 pounds. And an available intelligent forward four-wheel drive feature with seven drive modes. You can take your favorite toys while victory on new terrains. Seize the thrill and start exploring with the 2024 Nissan Pathfinder today. Head over to Nissan usa.com to learn more intelligent All-wheel drive cannot prevent collisions or provide enhanced traction in all conditions. Always monitor traffic and weather conditions. Towing capacity varies by configuration. See Nissan Towing Guide and Owner's manual for additional information. Always secure cargo.


Are you still keeping your cash in a traditional savings account? If so, you could be earning more, much more. In fact, at public dot com's high yield cash account, you could be earning an industry leading 5.1% A PY. There are no fees or balance requirements and you can access your cash whenever you want. Plus you get up to 5 million FDIC insurance. In other words, you can earn 5.1% a PY with the flexibility and security you deserve. It's time to take your cash out of a traditional savings account. It's time to take advantage of one of the industry's best interest rates. There are no fees, period. And you get up to 5 million FDIC insurance. Start earning 5.1% a PY on yourCash@public.com. 5.1% A PY as of 5 21. Subject to change. All investing involves risk of loss. Brokerage services offered by public investing Inc. Member Finra, S-I-P-I-C, not a bank. See public.com/disclosures for more


With lucky land slots. You can get lucky just about anywhere. This is your captain speaking. We've got clear runway and the weather's fine, but we're just gonna circle up here a while and get lucky. No, no, nothing like that. It's just these cash prizes add up quick. So I suggest you sit back, keep your tray table upright and start getting lucky. Play for free@luckylandsslots.com. Are you feeling lucky? No purchase necessary void. Were prohibited by law. 18 plus terms and conditions apply. See website for details.


Moments like seeing my son's team cheer him on mean a lot to me. But after being diagnosed with metastatic breast cancer or NBC, which is breast cancer, that is spread to other parts of the body, they mean even more. I take Ibrance Palbociclib. Ibrance 125 milligram tablets with an aromatase inhibitor is for adults with HR positive HER two negative NBC as the first hormonal based therapy. Ask your doctor about Ibrance and visit ibrance.com. Ibrance may cause low white blood cell counts that may lead to serious infections. Ibrance may cause severe inflammation of the lungs. Both of these can lead to death. Tell your doctor right away. If you have new or worsening symptoms including trouble breathing, shortness of breath, cough or chest pain before taking Ibrance. Tell your doctor If you have fever, chills or other signs of infection. Liver or kidney problems are or plan to become pregnant or are breastfeeding. Common side effects include low red blood cell and low platelet counts. Infections, tiredness, nausea, sore mouth abnormalities in liver, blood tests, diarrhea, hair thinning or loss, vomiting, rash and loss of appetite


Long. Yeah, well salute to her and shout everybody out in Michigan and Detroit. What up dough? And let's get to Jess with the mess. Real Jessica Moore. Jess don't do no lying. She Don't nobody Worldwide. Jess worldwide mess on The. Breakfast Club. She's a ship. She Was able to get y'all to see something and understand something that nobody could get You to see. It's time to set the door. So remember when Will met Chris at the Oscars? Yes. How could we forget? I don't think anybody ever forget that this lifetime. Right. I didn't know that they was trying to ban him for 10 years from the Oscars.


Yeah they did. Right? Yeah. Well I didn't know that they did that. But he reportedly, once the Oscars band lifted And I was saying Right. I was like damn. So they banned him from the Oscars and that's why he was at B-E-T-B-E-T Awards. Oh no. It's two different type of award shows. I think we forget that Will Smith is also a absolutely a rapper, a musician as well. The Oscars is for acting. So he would've been at the BET awards regardless. When's The last time we No, when's the last time we saw him there? I haven't seen him. He hosted it back in the day with Jada. Yeah, him and Jada. That was years and years and years ago. But then that, that's just something I put together. I just was like, okay, so now we going come and sing gospel at the B table with it.


He smacked the nigga at the Oscars. All that's cool. Alright. Anyway. But now we, so it's close to Will Smith is saying that Will is using the success of his films and their track record of bringing money to the industry to attempt to get the band lifted. The source said Will is selling tickets and putting butts in seats at a time when whole business is struggling, the whole business is struggling. That counts for a lot. Will is a sinner, but sinner can be forgiven. And he's try, he's driving a lot of business right now against all odds. There are still people in the academy who think Will should have been arrested for what he did. That's the big jump. The big change this summer is that the fans have spoken and that they want will to keep being a big movie star.


The source didn't, they did note that they said that Chris Rock is still upset about it with reason. But they said that it'll be a better chance for them to lift the band if Will and Chris come together and do something publicly, like sit down and have a conversation or something. Or, but Would you care If, you were Will You know what I mean? 'cause he's putting asses in the seats and And I the movies are actually good. So Yeah. Would you care? I mean he's he's getting the support of the people. Well I would hope that he's not big in those white people to come back to the Oscars. That's what I'm saying of of course he's gonna care. 'cause he got a production company and he, he makes movies and he doesn't, he doesn't want to be the reason that You know his movies probably don't get nominated for Oscars and stuff like that.


What I, this is not something that we need, like I You know like, oh no he gotta do this. But I would like to see a conversation You. know what I'm saying? Not like he owes it to us. 'cause he only owe it to Chris. Right. Even if the conversation ain't publicized You. know what I'm saying? Like I would love to know that they did bury the hatchet. They did talk about it and You know what I mean? 'cause apparently they still haven't spoken You. know what I'm saying? I Really, here's the thing though. What do y'all want Chris Rock to talk to? Will Smith about you? Smack me in my face publicly on tv. I ain't never forgiven you. And, and, and if I do forgive you in my heart, cool. But I might not ever forgive you publicly. And that's fine. Yeah, that's perfectly okay. Yeah, I, I agree.


But like I said, I think that it just still because they were cool, like they, I just say that because of their history. Oh I don't know. They were, I Don't know all black comedians. Like they were, yeah, they were cool like before. So that's what I'm saying. But anyway, most stressful cities according to a website called Wallet Hub Cleveland, Ohio is the most stressful city in the country. I don't know like how you like how who comes up with these list show. This is crazy. They got their ranking by comparing key metrics in more than 180 cities. Like average weekly work hours, unemployment rate, divorce and suicide rates. Ah. And the full top five most stressful cities, Cleveland, Ohio, number one.


Number two is Detroit, Michigan. Number three is Baltimore, Maryland. And then that sound about right. No. And then number four is Memphis, Tennessee. Number five is Gulfport, Mississippi. Gulfport, Mississippi. Huh. Okay. I don't understand how Baltimore got on end. We not tell What you mean. You not out. Not you not up. No. No. Not a little bit. No. What And I think they picked this story because I'm from there. Well another thing some of those cities have in common is violence, right? Yeah. High crime. Crime. Yeah. But I could probably stress people out And. I'm sure the the finances have a lot to do with it.


But I was surprised New York. New York wasn't high in there. I was say I wasn't because The finances and, and everybody on Wall Street and, and the way the market is up and down, I figured that would stress people out more than New York is too arrogant to be stressed out. Yeah. You know regardless, no matter what's going on, no matter how hard things are, they still think they better than every damn body. I'm telling you facts. But I never heard of Gulfport, Mississippi being on. I may have heard of Gulfport, Mississippi, but I wouldn't think that they would come in at number five. Right. But yeah. All right well that's just with the mess 'cause I had another story but I'm gonna just push it to the third hour. Alright. Jess And New Yorkers be pretending a lot too. So even when they are stressed out, they ain't going to, they ain't gonna tell nobody. They're not showing it You. know what I'm saying? Yeah. Facts. Walking around here with a bunch of fake designer on You know driving a bunch of renting cars.


Facts You know. You Know you live There. Canal Street jewelry Just calling it like it is exactly. You know dye in the beards. Watch your mouth You know Somebody run up. Watch your mouth. Can't live there. Watch your mouth. Stress as hell with a head full of gray hands. But they got 'em all Dy so you they covering up the graves but the stress is underneath. Get it off your chest. I know right? Anything else you wanna say about New Yorker? Sir? I'm just telling you that's what it is. It is what it is. Well we wanna give you a donkey too. Four after the hour. Another city that probably should be on that highest cress list. Philadelphia. Okay. There's a man named Gary Miles who needs to come to the front of the congregation. We would like to have a word with his punk perverted ass. Alright, We'll get to that. Next is The. Breakfast. Club. Good morning.


Be a ass Charlamagne. Some donkey days just so themselves Have been watching Charla. Man. What's ready for You? Donkey? Donkey. I never heard old donkey other day. What is it? I'm a donkey. Say it again. Charlamagne. I'm a donkey. Yes you are a donkey. Everything that Charlamagne is saying is true. Yes, donkey today for Thursday, July 11th goes to a Philadelphia man named Gary Miles. Now I was gonna do this story today to raise awareness to this individual because it seemed like he was gonna still be on the run for his crime. But a day after Philadelphia police and Meek Mill asked for the public's help in finding this f freaky ass negro, he has turned himself in.


See this man did something very diabolical at a Dollar Tree sidebar. Why do they still call the Dollar Tree? The Dollar Tree. What the hell is a dollar in the Dollar Tree? The average price point in Dollar Tree is a buck 25 and the max price of an item is $7. Another sidebar, Jess hilarious. Still steals outta Dollar General but that's a story for another day. You got a mouthful of Captain Crunch. You can't even reply right now. Okay? Alright, let's get back to this freaky ass John named Gary Miles. Now Gary Miles walked into a Dollar Tree in southwest Philly with a T-shirt on that had a picture of a candy cane with the words it's not going to lick itself.


Gary got a weird shirt. Why is he around? Okay, well it could lick itself. Well if it could lick itself then Gary probably wouldn't have committed the crime he committed because Gary has been charged with indecent assault. Would you like to know what Gary did? Let's go to Fox 29 Philadelphia for the report please. This Justin, the man police say sexually assaulted a woman at a South Philly Dollar Tree store has turned himself in the attack gaining national attention. Even rapper Meek Mill tweeting today that he would award $2,000 to the person who finds him. Police identified him as 30 5-year-old Gary Miles. His surrender happening after disturbing video circulated on social media appearing to show the end of the assault.


It happened at the store located at Snyder Plaza on East Snyder Street on June 23rd. Police say a mugshot will be released once charges are officially filed. Masturbating on a woman in a dollar tree is absolutely the pure definition of a cheap thrill. Now there is a video as you heard the woman say that shows the end of the assault. I'm gonna play this audio because I want you to hear the pure terror in this lady's voice so you understand why I believe Gary needs a taste of his own poison. Let's listen. He fucking Ted on my fucking leg. You're gonna hell bitch. Oh my God. Jesus.


Ted on my Ne in the history of Philadelphia, has someone deserved to be called a nut ass nigga more than Gary Mouse. Okay, of all the places to celebrate Palm Sunday, you decide to do it in a Dollar Tree on a person. No need to bring out the caution wet floor signs because your perverted podcast decided to ejaculate on a random woman. I totally agree with Meek Mill putting a $2,000 bounty on his head top. Not to kill him but to simply bring him to justice. Okay? And if he got roughed up in the process. So what? At some point the community has to police the community. And if this man can go in idolatry and intentionally put homemade jerk sauce on some unsuspecting John, then he can intentionally get hands and feet put on him.


Okay? You dudes be running around here doing things to women as if these women don't have any men in their life. Women have fathers, brothers, uncles, husbands, boyfriends, friends who love them and who will beat your ass for them. Ask yourself if beating your baby maker on a stranger in idol idolatry is worth getting your ass beat for beating your baby maker on a stranger idol idolatry. Okay? You really have to give people like this a taste of their own poison. Gary needs a taste of his own poison. Gary Miles needs a taste of his own poison. Seriously. Okay, we have to start getting medieval with some of these creeps because that's the only way folks are gonna learn. We say smart people learn from their own mistakes wise people learn from the mistakes of others.


So let's instill some wisdom. I believe Gary Miles should have to have a healthy diet of cock chowder while in prison. Okay? At least. Okay? Every day for 30 days straight. He should have to get some knuckle babies splashed on his leg in the same spot he did it to that poor young lady. I prefer he has to eat the baby gravy of random inmates. That's what I prefer. Okay, now we can mix it into things, right? He doesn't have to eat it raw, but he should be forced to see the love liquor go into his food and then he has to eat it. Don't feed him nothing else. He will resist that first. But then eventually he gonna get hungry And the PenFed is pudding going be right there waiting for him when he does. Okay? I got the whole menu for Gary Mouse penis butter and jelly slung sandwiches, throat yogurt on Fridays.


We gonna have happy hour from five to six. All you can drink penis coladas. That is the only way folks like Gary will learn. And Gary is gonna say this isn't right. Why y'all doing this to me? Well guess what? That's exactly what that young lady in Dollar Tree was thinking. That's exactly how she felt. It wasn't right. Why you doing that to her? We don't have no remorse for you. Gary. Sit down, take a sip of the house. The biggest, he haw. He Haw, he haw you stupid mother. Are you Dumb? That's the only way they gonna learn. That's the only because It don't, you don't just go, I mean I don't have a a penis but I'm just saying I know it doesn't work.


Like Unless he just like Y'all are victim blaming right Now. I'm just curious. No, Was he behind the eye? He, he probably was behind an aisle looking at her and then right before completion he ran out. 'cause then he ran out right after. Okay. 'cause I was just like nah, it don't work like that. He ain't You know seeming Spider-Man like You. know what I'm saying? But no, I'm not victim blaming. I just wanted to know did she see, Just ask a question. Did He decided the internet is definitely gonna say you're victim blaming Question about the internet. It's about Meek Mill trying to bring this man to justice. You was like Meek for his location. He didn't even say your tournament. He said where he at right now?


I about to come to him. He Turned himself and he said I ain't messing with Philly. Mm right, right. Well thank you for that John. That Was crazy. Mc Mill activated all the semen chases to go find this man. He couldn't wait to jump on that team. The cream chases as whole. The Cream chases the chase. Oh my Goodness. They found him though. That gonna say we We picking on me. Leave me alone man. Oh my gosh. I be trying to be serious man. No you Don't. The cream chases is serious. No you don't. No you don't. Well all right, when we come back four two, Doug will be joining us. His album for Forever Us. Never Them is out right now. We gonna talk to four two Doug when we come back.


So don't move us. The. Breakfast. Club. Good morning The. Breakfast Club. Morning everybody. It's DJ Envy. Just hilarious. Charlamagne the guy. We are The Breakfast. Club Nala is with us today. What up Nala? What's up? And we got a special guest in the building. Yes indeed. His debut album Forever Us Never Them is out right now. Ladies and gentlemen from Detroit. What up do 40 2D? What's up brother? What's going on? What you do? How you feeling? I'm all right man. Taking it easy. It's sound crazy to even say this is your debut album. I know. Feel like you Got a whole Catalog. I know You know how I be. Yeah. What's the difference between a debut album and all the other projects you've been putting out?


Like what's, what's the difference? I guess the label however they do it. Like I don't know the difference. I thought it was based on like the most songs, but I guess this my first album man. I hope y'all appreciate it You. know what I'm saying? I put hard work into it. I put did my best. Prior to this album, when you did have like the single circulating, did you have a different project in mind? Yeah. Where everything went down. You did? Yeah, I had a, I was gonna call it Love Don't Live Here. And. I was just making songs about stuff like that relationship stuff. And What happened you was with somebody and y'all, y'all broke up while y'all was in jail? No, we didn't break up. We just was You know Up and down. Yeah, You. know what I'm saying?


So I'm like, and You know as time when we You know Got back. Right. She ain't wanna do the bid with you. Yeah, Yeah. No for sure she did that. It just was like You Know you mad, you in there. Not even that 'cause I was gonna call it that before I went to jail and when I went to jail her being there for me like kinda scratched that. Oh that's good. Did love. That's Funny. You about to drop a disc album on the girl. No, I want that. It wasn't that. It wasn't that man. It wasn't no good out, it was just a Different was fame and like just the, the motion you were getting, was that like stopping you from being able to give the love like your partner was looking for? I mean I'd say like more so lifestyle to being out in different states, You.


know what I'm saying? Trying to take that into consideration. It's a lot of stuff going on You. know what I'm saying? So it's like you actually gotta make that time like so somebody probably feel like you ain't making that time You. know what I'm saying? You like, well I'm doing this, I might be doing this but I'm doing all this but I got Right, right. Having a having a a girlfriend while doing the bid and make doing the bid Tougher. Right? Yeah. Hell yeah because you like what's going on like You know what I'm saying? You ain't there so you Like somebody might be there Man, somebody gotta be there. That was you thinking like, but it is up to her like to keep reassuring you like nah this ain't some girls let You know.


Like look man, soon as you step foot in there I'm gone. Damn. Yeah. Yeah. That's how I be. And but you heard, you Heard all the support though when you were locked up. I mean people were trying to get you out. They were putting up money. You talking about One woman now ain't talking about you talking about But he got support 'cause he was in there. He gotta feel lonely. Nah, I was in the hole a lot. So either way when I was just feeling lonely like I couldn't talk on the phone, I couldn't You, know what I'm saying? I just was going through a lot. Why were you, you in the hole? Were you fighting or no, I was like certain jails that put me in the hole like just 'cause who I am. Like they say it's a security risk to the compound. Like everybody walking up on pictures, they feel like the co say pictures Like like it's the club. Yeah, some like that.


But they like, I ain't gonna say pictures just want to kick it. They want y'all You. know what I'm saying? I ain't gonna say pictures, I just want to kick it in And they'd be paying attention like to the cos getting too close and they'd be like we can't have you out. You worried about your girl, your girls shouldn't been worried about you knocking off the female Cos it sound like It. Oh my god I want too much worry about 'cause You know You be like I ain't here forever You. know what I'm saying? So I don't even sure worry about nobody. I just was like You know. I hope you stay on the right track. That's for everybody though. Like even with your friend, you like y'all stay focused out there You. know what I'm saying? Take care of the kids You. know what I'm saying? You doing what you can, you still gotta take care. That's the most important thing. You still gotta take care of everybody from there.


Your mama You. know what I'm saying? So How'd your mom feel when she heard the My Mama record off the For us never them Mo, I mean she You know she just rock with everything. She really ain't going too much focus on one song. She listening to everything. She gonna send me a text like You. know what I'm saying? These new album is Hard You know what I'm saying? I'm proud of you. Stuff like that. Is that her on the intro? No, that's my principal. Principal. That's your Principal? Yeah. I was wondering what, what was the Call that you gave your principal that made her come back with that? So my principal, she do like speaking, like motivational speaking. So when I was young I had went to prison like 15 And I had a warrant, You know.


And she the only person that got me to turn myself in. I'm like I ain't going in You, know what I'm saying? I'm young You, know what I'm saying? I'm like hell no I ain't going in. And she called, she came to my house like told my mama like look I got a friend in a police off You. know what I'm saying? He could turn his stuff in too. They gonna make sure he, they don't touch him. Like he gonna go straight to the jail, get him a bond and y'all could get him back out. So then that happened. I got back out and they were going to prison while I was in prison. She went to prison. The Principal? Yeah, This the Detroit is crazy. Where did she go? To principal. What did she go to prison for? I want say was it Money Laine something like something in them between lines.


But she end up going to prison, federal prison. She You know she, once she got out she was writing me You. know what I'm saying? Just telling me like I'm proud of you. 'cause when I got out I started rapping. I took off like kind of quick. You put money on her books? I was in jail. Oh you was in jail that time? Yeah, I was in jail. So we probably got out about the same time. Anyway, we was connecting on social media sheet. I'm proud of You know stuff like that. And then I end up going back to prison and she's just write me a week eight, two weeks later. Oh, So this was the last time you went To prison? Prison in 2022. Yeah. Now when you got home, were you surprised that Detroit is now? Because I think when you got locked up, Detroit just seemed like everybody was against everybody.


Yeah but now when when I go to Detroit I'm seeing those same people, everybody partying together. It seems like it's more welcoming the artists and they got taste of that money. My community, they got a taste of that money. Like they don't the money up. Yeah, like once, I always used to tell people like I probably be You know feuding with somebody who probably ain't wasn't doing as much. So they really ain't got nothing to lose You know what I'm saying? Once they got taste of that money, they like for what everybody like what we doing? Like You know let's get to this money. Like everybody feel like that song away or everybody getting they followers up. Everybody


Seeing our communities grow and thrive is something we care deeply about. Here at Black Tech Green Money, State, Farm Insurance also cares about the growth of black communities. They're actively investing in programs and initiatives that help provide financial literacy, give early career advice, and grow black-owned businesses. Thus leading to generational wealth, which helps protect the future of our communities. We wanna build a future that We all can be proud of. State Farm understands that representation alone doesn't equate to authenticity. It also requires active sponsorship of programs like the Axo, a year long program that recognizes and rewards high school students for their academic and cultural achievements along with funding programs like Project Ready. A National Urban League program committed to educational achievement of black and brown youth that has awarded over $11 million in scholarship offers to date State Farm believes that being better neighbors creates better communities and can have a long lasting impact. Like a good neighbor. State Farm is there.


Hibernation season is over and it's time to get some sun outside. Gather your crew and hit the road in a spacious 2024 Nissan Pathfinder your gateway to larger than life adventures with spacious seating for eight and available panoramic moonroof. Everyone can enjoy the journey and stok in the scenery. You have the Great Outdoors Plus with an available towing capacity of up to 6,000 pounds. And an available intelligent four-wheel drive feature with seven drive modes. You can take your favorite toys while adventuring on new terrains. Seize the thrill, and start exploring with the 2024 Nissan Pathfinder today. Head over to Nissan usa.com to learn more intelligent All-Wheel Drive cannot prevent collisions or provide enhanced traction in all conditions. Always monitor traffic and weather conditions. Towing capacity varies by configuration. Seen Nissan Towing Guide and Owner's manual for additional information. Always secure cargo.


Are you still keeping your cash in a traditional savings account? If so, you could be earning more, much more. In fact, at public dot com's high yield cash account, you could be earning an industry leading 5.1% A PY. There are no fees or balance requirements and you can access your cash whenever you want. Plus you get up to 5 million FDIC insurance. In other words, you can earn 5.1% a PY with the flexibility and security you deserve. It's time to take your cash out of a traditional savings account. It's time to take advantage of one of the industry's best interest rates. There are no fees, period. And you get up to 5 million FDIC insurance. Start earning 5.1% a PY on yourCash@public.com. 5.1% A PY as of 5 21. Subject to change. All investing involves risk of loss. Brokerage services offered by Public Investing Inc. Member Fin Run, S-I-P-I-C, not a bank. See public.com/disclosures for more


Moments like seeing my son's team cheer him on mean a lot to me. But after being diagnosed with metastatic breast cancer or NBC, which is breast cancer, that is spread to other parts of the body, they mean even more. I take Ibrance Palbociclib. Ibrance 125 milligram tablets with an aromatase inhibitor is for adults with HR positive HER two negative NBC as the first hormonal based therapy. Ask your doctor about Ibrance and visit ibrance.com. Ibrance may cause low white blood cell counts that may lead to serious infections. Ibrance may cause severe inflammation of the lungs. Both of these can lead to death. Tell your doctor right away If you have new or worsening symptoms including trouble breathing, shortness of breath, cough or chest pain. Before taking Ibrance, tell your doctor If you have fever, chills, or other signs of infection. Liver or kidney problems are or plan to become pregnant or are breastfeeding. Common side effects include low red blood cell and low platelet counts. Infections, tiredness, nausea, sore mouth abnormalities in liver, blood tests, diarrhea, hair thinning or loss, vomiting, rash and loss of appetite.


MIT's mission is to solve problems for a safer world. If. you have a passion for applied cybersecurity with skills and infrastructure, threat intelligence, deterrence technologies, advisal threat emulation or intelligence analysis. Explore the many challenging and fulfilling career opportunities@mitre.org slash careers. That's MITR e.org/careers.


They views of, I just was telling somebody like somebody gotta like be the next person like to go crazy like You. know what I'm saying? Don't just let the last thing be like, oh, they was so close. Right? Like keep going. Go crazy You. know what I'm saying? It feel like there's a few of y'all now though. For Sure It is. You kill baby, baby face Ray like it's a bunch of y'all. It seem like for Sure getting money too. You, you, you had Jeezy and you've always spoke about admiring Jeezy. Y'all worked together. He on the the new album, the BMF record. When you look at how he evolved as a man. Yeah. Does that inspire you? Do you look at that and be like, oh, okay Man. Yeah. Watching Jeezy bro. You know Jeezy my favorite artist. So it's like You know I just keep tabs.


I don't try to You, know what I'm saying? I don't try to be on it too much. I just be keeping tabs. And I. Just be You know. I seen dropping books, I seen trying new stuff. So You know I just admire it from afar man. You. know what I'm saying? That's my guy hitting him up as And I get let him know You. know what I'm saying? What I got going on, he tell me what he got going on. Oh, Even Gotti. 'cause we seen the transition from Gotti as well. Yeah man, these boys. These boys growing up man. Everybody man, I'm trying to get there one day man. Get that honey million with them boy. All right, we got more with four two Doug, when we come back it's The, Breakfast, Club. Good morning. Morning everybody. It's DJ EJ Envy. Jess Charlamagne the guy We are The Breakfast. Club NLA is joining us today and we're still kicking it with four two.


Doug Charlamagne, How did you feel when Gotti You know publicly offered $2 million to any lawyer who could help you get outta prison? I was Like, man, why ain't nobody accepting this? Huh? For real. I'm like man, damn free got please. I swear God, I'm in there looking at Counselors crazy, crazy. Y'all heard what he said? I You, know what I'm Saying? I man, I wanted to get out so bad bro. I mean just the fact he did that though. Just The fact he did that like yeah, put me at ease. Like it's all, it's almost over man. You know what I'm saying? Why the title forever Us never them.


I mean You know what I'm saying? Like we like y'all saying like Detroit big right now. You know you trying to do everything. And, I feel like, I won't say big enough person, but aware enough person like that, I could say it like forever us never them like let's do it. Us as Detroit. Yeah, yeah. Us is Detroit, US is my homeboy, my family Us is just whoever you want it to be. Like forever us never them. It might not even be them. Like that's how I wanted to put it On the, the intro you talk about, well the principal talks about probation being a trap and then You know we also saw you on social media being vocal about the conditions that were going on in prison. So what's making you wanna speak out about that now? Boy, it was a hard time, but they had me in there and no microwave.


You gotta eat warm your food up in the shower. Like imagine that. Imagine having to use the water in the shower. Like even when I was complaining, like they coming in there tearing my room up, getting mad. I'm like, how y'all mad at the conditions y'all got us living in? We already in jail. But how would you expect jail to be You know it is jail. Like don't what they tell you. Like, don't come here. It ain't gonna be a suite, it ain't gonna be a hotel. So I'm like, You know. I took that in consideration. Like you right. I You're still humans though. Yeah, they don't care. I, I definitely like the features that you got on it Ry Low. I like the record with Meek. Talk to me about that and any conversation that you guys shared and Tell 'em the truth what you said, huh?


As a woman, tell 'em what you didn't like. Alright. I ain't really damn man. You really be doing too much. Tell him what you didn't like. Like I think it's a song with me or maybe it's a song after, but you're like, no, it's Meek. Shut Up. It's Meek. It's like, yeah, that and he that. Yeah, we that you mad. We that You know what I'm, You sound crazy coming from you. Hey, when she said that, I said you gonna be really mad when you hear Duck. And he don't nobody girl no more. You mama, mama Said I Was just like, alright, this is a lot. That that's all. But I mean, we was geeked up man. We, we just in there You. know what I'm saying? It was like one of them uptempo beats. So I'm just in there going like, how you mad at me?


She how you mad at me? He You know what I'm saying? It wasn't really nothing towards no, no particular girl. Listen, that's a good question. Why you mad? Nah. So I just don't love it. I don't wanna hear it. Why you gonna switch it up? Why you mad at me? I hear what you're saying. I, I I get the bars. I get it. Do you hate the internet? Man, I don't wanna say I hate it. I just probably hate how it's used Because it seemed like every so often they come at you about something. Like the last thing I saw was, I Don't know what's they beef with with me. You, You was out playing with your daughter and they started saying you and your daughter was the same height school. Yeah, like I don't see, I don't, I don't really get too mad at that type of stuff. I don't get mad at jokes at all. I just get mad at like the, the, the foul love like You know what I'm saying?


A joke is a joke. I can take a joke. Any joke really. Now you said that the beats and hip hop have declined. You think you think producers are are not making beats a good caliber anymore? Yeah, I feel like they ain't trying. Like I remember we used to go to the studio, it used to take us like 2 3, 2 3 beats. We picking a song and it almost probably gonna be a hit. Like now we in there listening for hours, two hours just going through and it's just like, man, I feel like I did good though As you got some Jam. As far as my take, like I feel like I always do good. You pick, you pick right one. But it took me longer than it usually take me You. know what I'm saying? Hopefully it get better. I see, I see. Gotti's not on the album. Got ain't want to got, ain't wanna rap no more because Gotti done done.


No, I wasn't that. I feel like Gotti always gonna be You know with me. Like he will never I You know what I'm saying? Like it just was, I had so many other songs features bro. It was hard nailing this song, this stuff down. 'cause I don't be like them put that many songs out 'cause I be like bro they gonna skip over these songs. I'm gonna be mad like You. know what I'm saying? Other people probably be having bigger songs than me on they tape. But Gotti was telling me like, by you putting out good music, your tape be on the church a lot longer like You know what I'm saying? So I'm like okay, I'm gonna keep that in mind. I just wanna make good music instead of big songs. Amen.


Did you see, I I gotta ask you, 'cause you're from Detroit. Did you see Skiller Baby say that most people in Detroit wouldn't say Eminem is the best rapper From Detroit? I didn't see him say that, but that's probably how they feel. You know Skiller baby also said something else. And you said something earlier that made me think about it. About the a Detroit rapper like becoming that next next person. Yeah. And he said he don't feel like Detroit rappers are as consistent as they should be. You feel that way? Yeah, but bro, I don't know if people know how hard it is to get a banger. Like it's, it ain't that easy. Like these people trying. Yeah, yeah, yeah. I feel like they dropping the music, it just ain't connecting. Like it just ain't a big song. Like they can't help it.


We can't help it. Like all you, you just gotta do your best man You. know what I'm saying? Keep trying man. Like If, you go in there with the mentality. I'm trying to make a banger. How often do you actually come out with One? Honestly, like I go in there like I'm trying to make a banger for the studio. Say if we all in the studio, I'm trying to make a banger for y'all and hopefully it You, know what I'm saying? It connect with The World. When you Did we paid in Maybach. That was the mindset like let's just turn up in the Studio and do it. No. Hell no. I ain't even think for sure Ain't think none of that. No. Oh wow. No. Hell no. When I made play it, I was kind of uncomfortable rapping on that type of beat because it was so slow. It just won my bounce. So me and baby in there, we just freestyling really You know what I'm saying?


So as I'm freestyling, as he's freestyling, we just going back and I'm like before I go broke like Jock You. know what I'm saying? I say that and he like, you gotta put that on there damn Dirty. Nah, I'm Just saying it like I was just trying to say some Atlanta stuff so I'm Feel Before I go broke like Jock that dog like V You ever ran into Jock after that? No. No. I don't know what Jock might. My jock might Trady. Jock been talking crazy on the internet, man. I'm like bro I ain't got no Problem bro. God damn bro. You just rapping. Yeah There there was a rumor man that you and Austin had got into a a fight over a dice game.


Any truth to that? I mean we ain't get in no fight. I'll say we got into a argument. You know the internet like pipe it up. Like Yeah, they turned it in into you got robbed. And. I. Man I ain't get robbed. I'm not the type of guy that even go for that type. You know the internet. The internet man You know even these people man, they like play into this how they want to. You just gotta let these people man, nigga had you in jail forever. Man. Trying to prove a point. Trying to prove who you not You know what I'm saying? So I'm like whatever happened man. You know what I'm saying? Y'all know who I am You know what I'm saying? I know what I'm going from. Or is there one you ain't set? No, we ain't really got no relationship. I ain't got nothing against nobody though honestly. It might do my own thing You.


know what I'm saying? I be with who I be with. Let everybody else get off how they get off. So who would you rather run into? Offset A young jock. Both. Yo. No, I'm talking four. Two Doug Ladies and gentlemen, the album Lord Mercy whatever. Us never been out right now how you answer that one? You guys crazy? We appreciate you for joining us Brother. Appreciate y'all. Good To see you brother. Stay focused man. Appreciate it man. It's four two. Doug, it's The. Breakfast. Club. Good morning The. Breakfast Club. Morning everybody. It's DJ Envy. Jess. Hilarious. Charlamagne the guy We are The. Breakfast. Club. Good morning. Let's get to Jess with the Mess. News is real. Moore just don't do no lying.


Don't She Don't stir nobody Worldwide. Just worldwide Method on The. Breakfast Club. She's a cultureship. She Was able to get y'all to see something and understand something that nobody could get you to See. It's time to set it on. Okay, so the tension between Portia and soon to be ex-husband, I hope so. They can stop going back and forth. Simon Wia is thick, like the tension is real thick. So in the latest antics, Simon reportedly submit a court filing demanding that Portia answer several questions and to confirm or deny over 40 different allegations.


Right? The one that stands out most is Simon wants Portia to clarify the nature of the her relationship with future. Now I never heard anything about Portia and Future ever, but maybe Simon knows something that we don't know. Anyway, shortly after the information of Simon's filing started circulating, Porsche went on a very random and subliminal rant about erectile dysfunction on her Instagram. She had posted to our story without saying any names, she posted the definition of Ed and the symptoms that comes with it. And she also shared the way men feel when they experience Ed, which I'm not sure how she would know that. It says how does a man feel when he has Ed?


It is common for men with Ed to feel anger, frustration, sadness, or lack confidence. However the condition can be treated. And so she hashtag men's health awareness. She never actually said Simon's name, but obviously he felt attacked. He knew really? Or he just, he thought yeah, he thought it was about him. I responded. Thought Post was posting a lot of interesting, helpful stats about erectile dysfunction because You know June was Men's Health meant Men's health month. We in July. No, we in July. I know, but she was just saying June had just passed. So she wanted to give some helpful tips. I thought the tips were helpful for anybody who may be dealing with it. Damn Well we don't know because P is the same person who think it's 265 days in the head.


So maybe she's still think we in June, we don't know. But she could have been posting helpful tips. I don't know, we just gonna run with that. But he went to his social media and said the next narrative has arrived. Erectile dysfunction, hashtag wife for the streets. And then he also posted the narrative changed from imminent deportation and fleeing the country to Dubai to broke and selling luxury cars waiting for the next narrative. Story keeps changing. He threatened to take legal action against her in the caption of the pose. He said, this railroad 265 day just does not get it. These are consequences. There are consequences for making inflammatory and defamatory statements.


Get your coins together. 'cause you're gonna need every dime to defend what's coming. A woman that has a history of coming for the manhood of every ex pedaling same old narratives and tricks. Unfortunately you met the right one. So he's saying real like, Yeah, if I was Simon, I wouldn't claim the erectile dysfunction narrative. She didn't mention she didn't mention his Name. Right? That's what I'm saying. And. I say his name. That's what they say. Hit dogs will holler Damn. And Nigeria, they say hit giraffes will holler. But it's the same thing. You know, I'm just not claiming that. If it has nothing to do with me, nah, I ain't claiming that one. You know. And then he also posted a picture of himself smiling from ear to ear saying, ed has never felt this good. Let me No, No, No, no, no, no.


That's the one you don't claim man Ed. Yo, you say Ed never felt this good. Let me take my ed self around The World as a single man with no ducks in toes. Nah, I would've never even connected. The dots went that far. If he hadn't of claimed it, Claimed it just straight up Claimed it. Yeah, you he you claiming it like I didn't. That's crazy. I just thought Porsche was giving. I got it. Yeah. Yeah. I wouldn't talk that one. No. I mean, well look, they've been married to each other. They, I am pretty sure they know each other or maybe they don't, but they know each other's like You know, You know how, how Porsche's mouth can be. And obviously we know how Simon mouth can be too. So they know each other. They know each talking to each other subliminally.


But mm, moving forward. And, I, And, I, And I. Just wanna say all the young boys in here, I don't wanna call they names 'cause You know some of 'em are married and some of 'em have girlfriends, but they all feel like Porsche is a cure for erectile dysfunction. I just want you to know that I'm not going, not gonna say any names, right? Nicki Minaj fans are demanding refunds. So Saturday she had a show in Mahy canceled in Dublin around 8:00 PM on Saturday night. However, she allegedly didn't hit the stage until almost 10:00 PM People were so angry and she haven't even given an explanation for why she was so late. One person on TikTok said, 'cause there's a lot of tweets them bashing her. But one of 'em said, Nicki Minaj was so messy, late lip synced and gave a 40 minute performance refunds needed.


Yeah, they was basically saying all because she didn't want to be bothered to come on stage. What a disgrace. So crowd leaving Mahy Castle was sad and disappointed. So f Fred's up for her whatever she was going through. But yeah, that's the last story for Jessica Dam Mess Mixes up next. The. Breakfast. Club. Good morning yo. Morning everybody. It's DEJ Envy, just hilarious. Charlamagne the guy. We are The Breakfast Club. We got a salute to governor Gretchen Whitmer for joining us. She has a new book, true Grech. Yes. What I learned about life leadership and everything in between. It's a great read too. It's fast. It's 187 pages. You can finish it in a day. You know If. you got a If, you got a a hour or two to spare.


And it's like I said earlier, man, it's, it's, it's incredible to me that the Democrats have all of this great talent, right? Like you have Gretchen Whitmer, you have You know governor, Gretchen Whitmer, governor Shapiro, governor Westmore You know Secretary Pete Buttigieg, he got the vice president, but yet we stuck at least for the moment with damn Joe Biden You. know what I'm saying? And, and y'all, y'all really think y'all gonna win in November? Okay? What you say y'all? Huh? What you mean y'all, I'm talking to y'all. And I also want to say this too You know this is a question that we've been asking for the longest You know, is the Biden ticket a winnable ticket? I don't think it is, especially with the party in the current state of disarray that it is.


But now you're gonna see a lot of these Negroes that for the past couple of weeks who've been on TV capable for Biden, you're gonna start to see their tune change. Because they masses, Chuck Schumer and Nancy Pelosi done put it out there that they think they want it, it might be best for Biden to move on. They, they, they're putting it out there for people. So watch these Negroes watch their tunes start to change 'cause they master tune has changed. Disgusting. You all are well, do you, you at least have a positive note. Yes. The positive note is simply this. Be grateful for triggers as I told Brandon earlier, because they point to where you are not free. Have a blessed day Breakfast Club bitches.


Do y'all finish or y'all done


State? Farm Insurance knows that understanding and investing in our cultural identity is paramount in protecting our future. We know what it's like to go from nothing to something to wish that we had better financial literacy when we were younger. Luckily State Farm is here to help with funding programs like Project Ready, which is committed to education achievement and has already awarded over 11 million in scholarship offers to black and brown youth since 2021. State Farm believes that being better neighbors creates better communities. Like a good neighbor, State Farm is there


At public.com. You can invest in stocks, options, bonds, crypto and more. Plus you can earn an industry leading 5.1% a PY on your cash while you're at it. So why juggle multiple investing apps when you can have one that does it all? Invest with public a US-based company with award-winning customer support. Meet your new primary portfolio@public.com. All you're investing in one place, 5.1% A PY is a 5 21 subject to change all investing involve risk brokerage services for us. Listed securities options and bonds in a self-directed brokerage account are offered by by public investing member FINRA and S-I-P-I-C. Not a bank, not investment advice.


There are moments in life that are so special that you have to capture them and save them forever. They are one of those once in a lifetime events like your baby's first steps, the first time you bring your family pet home, or your daughter's first dance performance with iPhone 15. Pro most storage means you don't have to delete anything that could become a lasting memory one day. And it's important to be able to share these moments with family members who weren't there to see 'em in person. Store more, share more. Connect with iPhone 15 Pro on at t. Get iPhone 15 Pro on at t and get an iPad and Apple Watch for 99 cents per month. Each at t Connect and changes everything. Limited time offer requires 0% a PR 36 month agreement on each. well-qualified customers. Other terms and restrictions apply. See att.com/iphone for detail.


This is Dr. Joy Hardin Bradford from Therapy for Black Girls. You know that Amazon has millions of books so you can find one that gives you just the reading feeling you're looking for. You know, like if you're looking for a relaxed feeling, like with a beach read, Amazon has got it covered. Or if you're looking for more of a terrified aha with evil twins or things lurking in the woods or something, Amazon's got you. I mean, even If you want in. Aw Teen Romance. Amazon has it covered too. Amazon books that reading Feeling Awaits


Mitre is investing in a massive AI supercomputer to power a new federal AI sandbox with AI's potential to drive transformational advances across industries. MIT's expertise in healthcare, cybersecurity, transportation, finance, climate, and national security will be critical. Transform your career while helping solve problems for a safer world. Visit mitre.org/careers. That's MITR e.org/careers.