
Gear up for outdoor adventures with a 2024 Nissan Pathfinder. This mid-size SUV is designed for Epic journeys, offering spacious seating for eight available panoramic moonroof, and an available intelligent four-wheel drive feature with seven drive modes. To take your off-road experience to new heights, discover the 2024 Nissan Pathfinder at Nissan usa com. Intelligent all-wheel drive cannot prevent collisions or provide enhanced traction in all conditions. Always monitor traffic and weather conditions. Towing capacity varies by configuration. See Nissan Towing Guide in owner's manual for additional information. Always secure Cargo


Welcome To the Cino Show. I'm your host, Cino McFarland. I'm an addiction specialist. I'm a coach. I'm a translator, and I'm God's middleman. My job is to crack hearts and let the light in and help everyone shift the narrative. I wanna help you wake up And I, wanna help you get free. Most importantly, I don't want you to feel alone. Listen to the Cino show every Wednesday on iHeart radio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts.


For 10 years, I've been obsessed with one of the most bizarre and audacious cons in rock and roll history. This Time, we were all facing 20 years and all that good stuff. The lead singer tried to pull off an English accent, and they went on the road as the zombies. These guys are not gonna get away with it. The zombies are too popular. Listen to the true story of the fake zombies on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts.


Welcome to cri. I'm Maria Tramar And. I'm Holly Fry. Together we invite you into the dark corridors of history and true crime. For each season, we explore a new theme from Poisoners to stalkers, art thieves, to snake oil salesman. And tune in at the end of each episode as we indulge in cocktails and mocktails inspired by each story. Listen to CRI on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts


From. iHeart podcasts comes. Does this murder make me look gay? 9 1 1. What's your emergency? Pastor is dead. Featuring the star studded talents of Michael Urie. Jonathan Freeman, Frankie Grande, Cheyenne Jackson, Robin De Jesus, and Kate McKinnon as Angela LANs Ferry. Oh, lick em. Lick those toes. Listen to, does this murder make me look gay? As part of the Outspoken Network on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts,


One of the biggest things in America. Culture. They not like us. Everybody go on The, Breakfast Club. You wanna shake it up? Ain't like The Breakfast Club Envy the family guy. Just hilarious. I'm the wild card. Keep the real and Charlemagne the guy. I'm a lovable athlete. Or real time, Yo, I'm loving that energy up there. Right. Now. Sometimes You Gotta pop out. Miss Show today. Now let's begin. Good morning. USA. Yo yo. Yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo, yo Yo. Jess. Hilarious. Is on maternity leave. What's up Lauren? LaRosa. Good morning y'all. Charlemagne guy Beast Of the Planet. It's Thursday.


Good morning. Good morning. How do y feel out there? I'm blessed black and highly favored. Happy to be here for another day to serve. Yes. How cool. Bay LL. Cool Bay. Don't be nice to me. You got people in my dms asking about my underarms. Well, you need to shape on your under. Let's not do that this morning. No. Yeah. NVI feel amazing this morning. How are you? I'm Doing well. I'm doing well. I see you got the, the, the nice jersey on. Yeah. The God speed Covering up. She must not have did that Little Shave Asty. He just Said he didn't wanna start. Right, exactly right. And I knew. I knew he was gonna say that, but shout out to Godspeed. They hooked me up yesterday. I went through there. Their store in Soho. Soho, yeah. So nice inside of there. Salute to Godspeed. There's a bunch of brothers from Queens that put on a clothing line that's I'm sure your favorite celebrities wearing.


They're doing pretty dope. So I like to support them. Black Brothers from the hood. So support to Salute to God. Speed. What's up, Shela? I am happy to be here this morning. How y'all feeling out? Think God is good. Amen. Amen. The good sister Clarissa Shields will be here this morning. The champ is here. I am a, a huge fan of Cressa, Clarissa Shields, first five division champion in women's boxing, two time Olympic gold medalist. She, I'm sure y'all saw the, the documentary that came out about her years, years, years ago, called T-Rex on Netflix. She's been here before. Yes. She's been to breakfast episode before. Yeah. Actually, I think she's been here a couple times, if I'm not mistaken. But she's back. She's got a movie in theaters December 25th, based on her life. It's a biopic directed by Barry Jenkins, If.


you know the name Barry Jenkins? He's a Oscar winner. He directed Moonlight. Right. Moonlight is a gay movie. Right. It's, it's You know what's so interesting about Moonlight. I remember being outta the country. And I wanted to watch Moonlight. And it was blocked in that country. Was it? Yes. Wow. And so then I ended up going down a rabbit hole, or should I say rabbits? Butt hole Rabbit. Butt hole. And And I went down the rabbit hole of I was, I wanted to see if this country was just blocking all movies. 'cause I didn't realize Netflix at the time had categories. So you just started searching all Game movies. Well, the second movie I thought about thought, what? What's another game? Movie? What? Think Broke Back Mountain. Broke Back Mountain. I started Broke Back Mountain. That was blocked. And then it just took me through this whole category of movies.


It was like Adam and Steve and all. It was just a bunch of different gay films that were all blocked in this country. And I was like, oh, I know PornHub search hate to see you coming. Well, Why would I be on PornHub searching that? I was search. I was looking for a nice movie to watch it, Lauren. Sure. But any movie with a gay theme was blocked in this country. What country? I'm not saying there's no need for me to do that to them. I'm curious. I'm just curious. All right. Yeah. Well salute the Kali Clarissa Shield. I actually seen her in Shreveport, Louisiana. She pulled up on me at the car show and was like, yo, I can't come to the breakfast. I'm like, yeah. She was like, I wanna come tomorrow. I'm like, okay. That's the homie. She's So dope. That was my first time meeting her, but she was really dope. Yeah. I like her energy. So we gonna kick She Happy Too. Yeah, she talk. Gonna beat your ass.


She beat that. She beat everybody's ass again. She falls with grown men. Literally. Yeah. For real. Alright, well let's get the show Crack and we got front page news. When we come back, Morgan Wood will be joining us. I'm sure there's more political news. Donald Trump Biden. So don't go anywhere. Kamala Harris is The. Breakfast Club. Good morning. Good morning everybody. It's Steve j Envy. Jess. Larry Charlamagne, the guy. We are The. Breakfast. Club. Now Jess is on maternity leave, so Laura la Ross is filling in. Let's get in some front page news. Good morning, Morgan Wood. Good morning y'all. Happy Thursday. Yeah, let's get into it. Please make sure you are registered to vote. A great resource is vote.gov. Hope you guys are registered. Hope you're encouraging your friends, your family to be registered to vote.


Don't wait until election day and you're at the polls to figure it all out and be surprised. 'cause then it's gonna be too late. I say that because former President Donald Trump cast his ballot yesterday in Florida's primary election. While speaking to reporters, he, I thought he was against early voting. Mm. But he definitely voted early. Was he? Trump has always said he didn't like Hurley voting. He went to the polls yesterday in Florida, and while speaking to reporters, he addressed the claim that Vice President Kamala Harris used artificial intelligence generated photos to exaggerate the size of her rally. Crowds. Let's hear more for President Trump in Florida. Well, I can't say what was there, who was there? I can only tell you about ours. We have the biggest crowds ever in the history of politics.


So over the weekend, Trump claimed a picture shared from Harris's rally at the Detroit Metro Airport saying that her campaign AIed it. The Harris campaign responded to the claim on truth social by posting a video of Harris arriving at the airport and being greeted by that large crowd. Now, Trump also rallied in North Carolina yesterday, where he laid out his plans for the economy. If he's elected to the White House in November during a rally in Asheville, North Carolina, Trump said he made, he'll make living more affordable. Let's hear more from president, former President Trump. We will target everything from car affordability, to housing affordability, to insurance costs, to supply chain issues. We have the worst supply chain we've ever had in the history of the country.


In a situation with insurance like it is Right Now, you can't get it no matter what you pay. But prices will come down. You just watch. They'll come down and they'll come down fast. Not only with insurance, with everything, just so You know. They stopped it and it was terrible what they did. That's what caused the whole problem. The country, even with supply chains, I mean, it just caused a problem. And then they said, oh, go back to the Trump plan. Now, now they're drilling, but the day after the election, if they win this election, the drilling stops. I mean, that's what people want to hear about. But did but didn't I? I thought Joe Biden drilled more than any president. Or am I making this up? Or did they say, but rock drill more than any person. I thought it was Biden.


I can't remember. Maybe I'm making something. But that's what people want to hear about. I mean, whoever can speak to the issues and convince people that they'll be better off financially over the next 80 plus days, they're gonna win the election. But I'm telling y'all, Right Now Trump's economic plan will not include stimulus checks. I know y'all think there's gonna be more stimulus, more PPP loans, but y'all keep forgetting you didn't get that money out of the goodness of anybody's heart. Okay. That was because there was a global pandemic. Of course, millions of people had to die of in order for you to get that money. Right. Okay. That's not happening this time around. The World had to stop for, to get that money, unless of course there's another pandemic, which we hope does not. Newsweek Is saying, Biden drilled more Biden drilled according to Newsweek. Okay. I, I, I, I. That is true. Appreciate that Lauren. Yeah. So elsewhere in political news, Minnesota governor and vice presidential candidate, Tim Walls is agreeing to take part in a vice presidential debate hosted by CBS News.


The event will take place on October 1st in New York City. Walls set on his ex profile that he would agree while Ohio Senator and Republican vice presidential candidate JD Vance said he would like to debate debate walls more than once. Now, while speaking on Fox News, Vance said he strongly suspects he would also attend the running mate of Donald Trump. Went on to say that he wanted a real debate that involved looking at moderators, discussing rules and having a real audience. So you guys interested in seeing a vice presidential debate? Multiple ones anyways. Sure. I think it's needed. Why not? I guess not really. I mean, I kind of Felt the same. I'm here for the main event. Yeah, why not though?


I'm here for the main event. The VP versus Trump. I You know. It's cool. I watch it You know Those opening fighters, we don't care. Huh? Nah, not Really. Not this time around. Yeah. Get to the nitty gritty. I agree. And just switching gears and some other news, there have been multiple reports that hackers have stolen 2.7 billion records that include personal information from apparently a lot of people. Okay. A lot of Americans, people from the UK and people in Canada all impacted by this hack though. So the group is called U-S-D-O-D. Not to be confused with the Department of Defense, but social security numbers, physical addresses and other personal information were stolen from the National Public Data platform. You know that's the platform where it's employers, staffing agencies, investigators, they do their background checks.


So according to a class action lawsuit filed in Fort Lauderdale, Florida, and as reported by the LA Times, now this hack again has impacted a lot of people and hackers. Were looking to sell that information for $3.5 million. However, that information and data has already started leaking. So officials are warning that you use credit monitoring services, use multiple passwords for different logins. You know, don't use the same password for the same logins. You know whether you're logging into your bank or your Facebook change. The passwords use two factor authentication. And of course, as I mentioned just a moment ago, changed your passwords regularly. I recently spoke to an ethical hacker, Tiffany Ricks, shout out Tiffany Ricks of hack wear about protecting yourself in this cyber world in A BIN exclusive.


So you can check out that, that conversation this Sunday on the black information network, BIN news.com. What are Ethical hackers? People who like break into stuff just to see what's possible. But they're not really trying to steal nothing. Yes. Oh Wow. That's crazy. Yeah. So isn't that cool? Like You know, be on that side of it. But at the end of the day, you gotta understand that there are people who are not so ethical. So yeah, we appreciate people like Tiffany Ricks and yeah, check out that conversation. The black perspective on BIN news.com on Sunday at 9:00 AM and 9:00 PM We will speak with her. Alright, well thank you. We'll see you next hour for front page news. Thank you Morgan. Thank you. Everybody Else get it off your chest. 805 8 5 1 0 5 1 If. you need to vent.


Phone lines are wide open again, 805 8 5 1 0 5 1 is The. Breakfast. Club. Good morning. The. Breakfast. Club. Ray. Ray. Ray. Yo. Charla, man. Envy. What up are we live? This is your time to get it off your chest. I Got an indoor pool, a outdoor Pool. We want to hear from you on The. Breakfast. Club. We can get on the phone. Right Now here. Tell you what, it's We live. Hello. Who's this? Good morning. This is Snow. Hey Snow. Get it off your chest. Okay. Good morning y'all. Good morning Lauren Envy. Peace. Peace. Peace. How are you? Okay. So I'm alright. Okay, so I'm an avid listener and Char, they said the definition of insanity is doing the same thing over and over, expecting the different results, right?


Yep. Why every year round this time you tell us the Cowboys going to the Super Bowl. Facts. Facts. Cowboy Fans is more than insane. Charm. Lemme tell you why. Lemme tell you why. Facts let, lemme tell you why. People say things like, this is why women shouldn't watch sports. You know why I say it. You know why I say it every year around this time because that season is starting. He's insane. That why I Know that Season is because He's insane Snow. Ain't nothing Wrong with having saved, but that's insane. That is insane. Why is it insane? One day I'm gonna be right. One day I'm gonna be right. One Day, one year. One of these years, one of these years, one of these years around this time of year I'm gonna be correct. Okay, That's sounds iCal. So weird Man. You know what's crazy at the end of December too, man.


I be saying Merry Christmas around the same time every year. Wow. But it'd be really Christmas. Y'all ain't going to win Super Bowl. Hello? Who's this? Yes sir. JA from Indy. Hey J. J from Indy. Jay, did you win your bet? I know you had a bet with your coworkers that you could call The. Breakfast. Club every morning. Did you? Oh you winning that bet? I've been winning, but I got some disconnect with you because I took your advice and you weren't here on Monday for me to let You know you were wrong. Oh damn, my bad. Yeah, it's nothing personal. But you told me to give the parole officer my detail. She called yesterday, asked me did I have a job set up for my brother. And I'm like, what the hell? I already gave y'all my address. What else y'all want for me? So Envy Charlamagne told me to start saying, no And. I called you to You. know I'm saying no going forward. Wait, She asked you did you have a job for him?


Yeah. You know that detail. They asked for information man. Yep. Not a job. They supposed to find their own job. Well his brother just got outta jail. Yeah, but they find Their own jobs. They getting out. He getting out and they asked did I have a job set up from, 'cause they heard I had a company. I'm like, I got a lawn mower. I ain't got no job set. Your brother must have told them, I'm going home to work with my brother. Absolutely. Because they be supposed to find their own job. Jay a said No he's not. I don't know that man for Me. You gonna learn to say no my brother family or not. Yeah Man. So I just wanted to let You know DJ Vy. I'm done taking your advice. Charlamagne. We locked in London. We locked in. Who is London? Lauren. Lauren LaRosa met London. LaRosa's crazy. I like that. I like that. I like that. No, because back in the day on Facebook when Lauren London was like, like everybody wanted to be her, I used to call myself Lauren.


Nobody thought you was Lauren London. First of All, nobody The same way. Nobody Thinking More Chestnut. Nobody thought Chestnut Sitting Over here thought Lauren in London. He, he Tried to throw a girl that saw a pepper beard that he thought it was gonna add to the nineties. You still not There yet? I'm nineties Romcom fund. You still been 1952. But let's go back back to Lauren LaRosa saying that everybody used to mistake her for Lauren London. I didn't say that. That never, I said That was an era where everybody wanted to be Lauren London. Wow. That's crazy. Lauren. Everybody thought you was Lauren London. They used to call you NeeNee. I did. Praise And. I did praise and worship this morning. You'll not throw off my devotion. Get it off your chest. 805 8 5 1 0 5 1. If. you need to vet hit or something.


Now it's The. Breakfast Club. Good morning The. Breakfast Club Baby. This is your time to get it off your chest. Whether you're mad or blessed, I hate the way that you walk, the way that you talk. I hate the way that you dress. Everything with me is blessed. Call up next (800) 585-1051. Not just me, I'm with the coach of feeling. Hello. Who's this? Yo Envy. What's good? It's big ke from The Bronx. Big Kef from the Bronx. What up? Get it off your chest. cv. I just wanna talk about the event that this passed the street port event. Even in Harmony. You Was out there that whole weekend? Yeah, it was a movie. I went to your car show twice. I did the Saturday and Sunday.


I took a few pictures with you. Did you catch 50 there when he passed through? Or, or or any of the artists that could pass through? Well at the car show I didn't catch 50 but I did take a picture with On Baby. Oh baby was there. Yeah, yeah, yeah. What was, what was your favorite event? Did you go to the dome? Did you go to the comedy show was the performances? I went to everything. Like the whole time I was out there, I only slept like five hours for those four days. That was so dope man. 50 put on a crazy event. No violence, no fighting, no robberies. It was dope. You only slept five hours. I a what kept you up? I Nah, I don't Coke bro. Yo Envy your sister. Is she single? Who you talking about? Big ass Bens. You don't say big ass bins man.


Yeah, She she got on top of the, when they was doing the BMX on the flip. Yeah You must got new. Oh no, no, no, no. It it is Ben. She talking about her her her Instagram is bootcamp. Bens my, you better highlight it but Got man about how tall are you? First of all, Ben's is six foot nine. She's not six nine. She got a size 13 in men's. Oh my Goodness. Oh damn. Nah. Even if they short like tall girl, She's like six two. I'm only 5 9 0 9. Well You know what her, I tell her all the time, her blessing is a short king. Okay. I Don't know why people tell tall girls that that is not What Well I do work for the city so I might be the guy I'm with that. No, My goodness. You say I might be short but my, my benefits is telling her That's Right. Follow her Right. Now.


Yo. Wait, what is it again? She got in size 13 and men's at at size 13. And men's, what is it? Bootcamp Benzs. Bootcamp bends all, all she got Joe Celebrate. Can I get a book? You gonna need about 10 to stand on If, you gonna high that Benz and he put 'em on hold and give him a book. And don't forget my car show is this Saturday in New York. New Jersey. So If, you want to come on through. We got celebrity cars and stuff for kids. It's gonna be a whole a a movie event. So many people passing through. I can't wait to see you guys this Saturday at the Meadowlands Expo Center in Jersey. Now get it off your chest. 805 8 5 1 0 5 1. Now we got just with the Mess with Lauren Osa coming up With, with Lauren London Osa You set yourself up.


You Setting yourself up. I really do. You Been setting yourself up. I be, I be in here so vulnerable and open and like you just come and just like crush anybody that doing therapy need to stay away from you. I respect it though. I respect the fact that people used to mistake you for Lauren London. I never Said that. That's Exactly what you said. A little. You are exactly what's wrong with the media today. Lauren London. He Sensationalized headlines is crazy. So for we are gonna talk about Usher, he canceled his first tour stop in Atlanta yesterday hours before the tour. Y'all know Usher like he is a showman. So he was saying they need to take care of So, so we gonna get into it. Alright, We'll get into that next. So don't move, it's The. Breakfast. Club. Good morning The. Breakfast Club. Morning everybody. It's DJ Envy.


Just hilarious. Charlamagne the guy. We are The Breakfast. Club. Let's get to just with the Mess with Lauren LaRosa News is real. Just Robin Moore. Just don't do no lying. Don't she don't spell nobody. Worldwide. Worldwide mess on The. Breakfast Club. She's the coach. Lauren, Lauren LaRosa, And, I got the mess. Talk to me. Usher was set to begin the fast, the past future, the past present and future tour yesterday in Atlanta and just hours before the tour was supposed to open the doors he posted on X and on Instagram that he was actually canceling the first opener show for the night.


Which was a very startling thing because If, you know Usher, he takes his shows so serious. But he put out a statement and he said in his 30 plus career, a hundred per, he's put a hundred percent of his blood, sweat and tears into being the best performer and creating a memorable experience for all of his fans. He had every intention of doing that on the opening night. But he had to take some time to give his body a second to rest and heal. He told fans that that night would actually be rescheduled and they'll still get the same show but they'll get a hundred percent of him. He couldn't perform at a hundred percent that night. So he decided to cancel. I love it. He said, the last thing I wanna do is ever disappoint you. The fans who have been eagerly waiting for this tour to start. However, I wouldn't be the entertainer I am if I couldn't physically give you my best and then let people know that they'll be reschedule.


And of course some people were upset 'cause they flew in and things of that nature and they didn't know until hours before. But there were a lot of positive support in the comments. Like, put your health first. That's right. We know you like he has a great rep as just being a showman. So people have to understand, Listen, not too much on Usher. Now that man is 40, what five years old You know and he's been nothing but the epitome of professionalism forever. So whatever he's feeling mentally, emotionally, physically, spiritually, that has him drained, that makes him feel like he needs needed to take some time. He deserves it. Yeah, I mean I I I love it. I mean the fact that he knows when he needs to tap out and You know take a break. But there has to be some type of insurance or something that somebody could do where all these concerts canceling like this, right?


You you think of Lovers and Friends festival, you think of this, you think of all the cancels. Even Taylor Swift is canceled performances where people take their hard-earned money. They fly to these, these markets, they pay for hotels, they set up babysitters and then they lose. Yeah. You know what I mean? So it gotta be something where people can get, I mean they get more than ticket prices back. You know, That's what I say. They get ticket prices, but it never goes extensive into like the state and all that. And that was like some people's gripes, like they love Usher, but it's like, man, I just spent all this money to fly into to Atlanta to be here And flight's expensive Now and we can't like You know flights. But he does have other, other shows this weekend. But I just don't know if tickets are sold out. If, you can just forward on over. I'm Sure they Sold out. I get it. But there's nothing wrong with You know having boundaries. The days of pushing through are over. Okay, If, you need to You know disconnect for your own mental and emotional wellbeing.


I have no problem with that whatsoever. Right. Especially especially in the age where everything's recorded. So what if he comes out there and has some type of breakdown it passes out Or something. You know what I Mean? Yeah. Smart. Like, no, I'm, I'm, I'm gonna take time for myself. I'll get back to y'all in a minute. I just hope It's, I mean it's serious anytime you gotta step away and disconnect. But I just hope it's not something that's like super serious where like more dates may have to be canto. That's right.


The summer is heating up. So the next time you pop open a Coca-Cola or Coke Zero sugar. Prepare for ice cold drops from Coke Studio. New music from your favorite artists and their latest hits with drops from new jeans. Carol g and Peggy Goo Plus live performances at the biggest festivals of the year. Grab taste that moves you. Scan your Coke, a Coke zero sugar 12 ounce can and unlock magic music moments all year long, no purchase necessary. 13 plus and 50 US DC and Canada. 18 plus for select prizes ends October 31st. Rules, eligibility and prize availability@cokeqrl.com slash Studio USA promo copyright 2024, the Coca-Cola Company.


Hibernation season is over and it's time to get some sun outside. Gather your crew and hit the road in the spacious 2024 Nissan Pathfinder your gateway to larger than life adventures with spacious seating for eight and available panoramic moonroof. Everyone can enjoy the journey and soak in the scenery of the great Outdoors. Plus with an available towing capacity of up to 6,000 pounds. And an available intelligent four-wheel drive feature with seven drive modes. You can take your favorite toys while adventuring on new terrains, seize the thrill. And start exploring with the 2024 Nissan Pathfinder today. Head over to Nissan usa.com to learn more Intelligent all-wheel drive cannot prevent collisions or provide enhanced traction in all conditions. Always monitor traffic and weather conditions. Towing capacity varies by configuration. See Nissan Towing Guide and Owner's manual for additional information. Always secure cargo


Welcome to cheaters and backstabbers. I'm Shady Diaz. And I'm Kate Robards. And we are New York City standup comedians and best friends. And We love a good cheating and backstabbing story. So this is a series where our guests revealed their most shocking cheating stories. Join us as we learn how to avoid getting our hearts broken or our back slashed. Listen to cheaters and backstabbers on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you listen to podcasts.


I'm Angie Martinez. Check out my podcast where I talk to some of the biggest athletes, musicians, actors in The World. We go beyond the headlines and the sound bites that have real conversations about real life, death, love, and everything in between. This life right here, just finding myself just, just relaxation this not feeling stressed, this not feeling pressed. This is what I'm most proud of. I'm, I'm proud of Mary because I've been through hell and some horrible things. That feeling that I had of inadequacy is gone. You gonna die being you. So you gotta constantly work on who you are to make sure that the stars aligned correctly. Life ain't easy and it's getting harder and harder. So If, you have a story to tell If you come through some trials with you. You need to share it 'cause you're gonna inspire someone. You're gonna, you're gonna give somebody the motivation to not give up, to not quit. Listen to Angie Martinez, IRL on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts or wherever you get your podcasts.


It is summer and on NPR R'S Planet Money podcast. That means it is time to grab your notebooks and your headphones and tune into the economics crash course for your ears. Planet Money Summer School is covering the economic history of The World from the birth of money to the Industrial Revolution to modern trade policy. We've got the lessons to keep you sounding smart at the beach with help from real economic historians. Every Wednesday until Labor Day, listen to Planet Money from NPR on the iHeartRadio app or wherever you get your podcasts.


Usher does not just up and cancel So You know what I Mean? Hey, Lauren Hill been leaving y'all on Reed for two decades with no explanation. And y'all don't say nothing. They Been saying something, complain about They been saying Complaining about Lauren. They still gonna pull out. That's right. Pull up complaining. Whoa. Okay. So Sexy Red has been having a few moments online, some interviews she's done and just some celebrations. So yesterday, Tuesday the 14th, get a sexy receive the RIAA Gold certification. And because of this sexy red shared a story. So in this story she talked about the night that she made Get it Sexy, the song. She said she was going through a lot. She had just had her baby. She was feeling depressed because she was going through postpartum depression.


And her team in Miami would just put her in the studio and leave her there to write songs. And she said she would be in there just crying and thinking about life. And then one day she told her team like, look, send me back to St. Louis so I can be around the ones that I love and get back to me. She said she was in the studio in St. Louis, she invited all of her friends and her sisters to the studio. They start turning up blunts, bottles, food, all of that stuff. And she just came up with Get it sexy. Get it sexy. And she said it was really a confidence booster for her. Hmm. And they were so turned in the studio, all her sadness went away. She talked about how much she loved her family and she said, PS I was moaning in the song because my hoe was behind me humping me while I was recording. So she just wanted people to know that she had a good time recording it.


But I went back and listened to the song after I read this And, I'm like, man, not just being like a motivational, like aspirational song. Yeah. She made her own version of Michael Jackson's man in the Mirror. Yeah. Michael Jackson said, you wanna make The World a better play taker? Look at yourself and make that change. Sexy Red was on the same type of energy. Sexy Red was feeling down, she was feeling depressed. So she looked in the mirror and she said, You know what, get it sexy Boy You know Super Fat Iron on though. I I know that's Right. That's Sex Sexy in the mirror. Yes. That Sexy Reds version of the Man in the Mirror drop on a C bomb for sexy red. I respect, I didn't know Michael Jackson was her inspiration. She was also on the show. What is it called? It is called Thoughts in Cully.


So this is a show that like it's based in the UK brings all the big, big artists in the UK and people that like stream well over there. And during the interview she talked about her relationship with Chief Keith. We were Chief Keith a lot recently. Yeah. Over the last few months. I know you were a big fan of him growing up. What? What? What's that relationship like now? Seems quite genuine. It is Genuine. That's my peoples. Yeah. That's my dog. Yeah. Like I don't got too many homeboys that I could sit on the phone with and I'm not even saying that's my homeboy. 'cause I don't know what we got going on. We, we like each other, but we can sit on the phone, we can be around each other and like act like we been to each other all these years. Oh you guys actually like each other too? Yeah, like, like each other.


That's my But how does that work with the the baby daddy though? It feels like he's what baby daddy? The one who got you rapping? That's, that's My ex. Okay, cool. Feels like My baby daddy in jail. The first one. That's my son daddy. He in jail. Free my baby daddy. Hey Cool. So we might see you in Chief Keith one day or something. That might be my next, my third baby dig. I don't know if we need them to procreate, but we definitely, I definitely wouldn't mind the music. Me neither. So they are working on joint mu music. That was a thing. But I just, I I never, I didn't know that that was serious. 'cause we saw the pictures and videos of them together and then it, they went into a Song. So she children though, so you never know what's true and what's not true. But she was having fun. She seemed Like, it seemed like she low key in love with him. And when like I don't have many people I could just sit on the phone with and like, I don't know.


But I'm here for the music as well too. And the Those were amazing times, right? What those when you those those beautiful relationships. Like I think about back in the day when me and my wife were just boyfriend and girlfriend and we just sit on the phone for hours for no reason. Fall asleep on the phone. Oh, Those are the days. Yeah. Now you gotta fall asleep on the phone to make sure ain't nothing going on's different. No, we're married. No, not, not y'all. I'm just talking about the rest. I know y'all are happily married but the rest of us is out here trying to figure it out. Okay, Well If you stop false advertising. Lauren London LaRosa. I don't know. If you If you just joining us early in the show. Lauren told us back in the day, people used to mistake her for Lauren London on Facebook. I did. She did say that. Say that. So she started calling herself to Delaware. Lauren London. She did. So her Facebook was Lauren London LaRosa or Lauren, what was it?


London. LaRosa. It was London lb. Jesus Christ. Tried to make people in Delaware call her new new the First catfish. Yo, You was the first catfish. You was the first catfish. That's crazy. Lauren London. LaRosa. All right. Lauren LaRosa. London. Lauren London. LaRosa. When you say Delaware? Delaware. Delaware. Lauren, London, Delaware. New. New. It sound like that. It just sound offbrand like that don't even sound right. Why would you throw me there? Why would you do that? Why would you tell people that you I feel like new. New is like new. New and then Delaware New, new sounds like FLI or something, right? Well That's what you get. Talk people used to mistake her for Lauren London on Facebook. Alright, that is just mess.


I did not say that. Lauren, you Did. We got that. Can you get that audio ready so next time I can de spur? I mean I, I can't even talk. I mean I just, you can Tell I Go ahead. Wrap it up. All right. When we come back we got front page news and then Clarissa Shields, the chant will be joining us is The Breakfast. Club. Good morning The. Breakfast Club. Your mornings will never Be the same Morning everybody. It's Djj envy Jess. Hilarious. Charlamagne the guy. We are The. Breakfast. Club. Lauren LaRosa is here. Filling in for Jess. And let's get in some front page news. What up Morgan? What up? So yeah, president Biden we're gearing up for the Democratic National Convention. He is expected to address the DNC in Chicago next week.


He will deliver a speech during the convention's opening night, which is Monday highlighting his partnership with Vice President Kamala Harris, who is now the Democratic nominee for president. The convention comes weeks after Biden ended his reelection campaign due to pressure from his own party and endorsed terrorists. Now, former President Obama, former President Clinton, former Secretary of State Hillary Clinton, are also expected to give remarks during the weeks four day event. Serious Question. Serious question. Why? Like, I feel like What? Why Obama White? No, no, no, no. Why President Biden? I feel like the DNC should be focusing on the future like the eldest statesman in the Democratic party. Right Now should be President Barack Obama. And it should be highlighting You know the new presidential candidate who is Kamala Harris?


And it should be Gretchen Whitmer and it should be Governor Shapiro. And it should be Wes Moore and it should be secretary. No, I don't. He has some support. Wait, Joe. Joe Biden. Don't wanna hear from the president. Bottom line is what you're essentially saying. Also too. Did y'all see the debate? We can't Y'all. Yeah, why do that? Why he might get up, why put him up there and do that again. Like why? We know what we're gonna see. Why do that? Got everybody got that one friend that you can't put on speakerphone. Right Now Biden. We need To put on speaker. Don't y'all know be with us. But I, I need Biden to just kind of sit back with the he's the president but we Thing is that it is at least on Monday You. know what I'm saying? So there's at least two. Oh They got him all opening night? Yeah. Good. Yeah. Okay.


I ain't mad at that. Y'all playing the president. Right Now. It's a handoff. The baton type of thing. I guess You know in you. You put the slowest first person first. Everybody come. Good. I like that Monday night. Go ahead and get that out the way then just after I get out the way, right after the respect, I guess. Go ahead and get that out there way. See you get on at five o'clock. Nobody gonna be watching. People gonna be walking in. I don't. Oh My gosh. I Just wanna see a heavy focus on the, on the now and the future. That's what I want have. But he's still the president though. Yeah, well You know he's still the president so You know. Let's give him Allegedly name and he, He can pass the baton off to his Democratic nominee. So the Secret Service and Chicago officials are reassuring the public that they are confident and the security plan for the upcoming D-N-C-C-P-D superintendent.


Larry Snelling says his department will be able to manage the tens of thousands of people joining rallies and marches outside of the United Center. Adding that demonstrators have the right to protest, but rioting will not be tolerated. Let's hear more from CPD Superintendent Larry Snelling. We're not going to allow you to riot. Protesting and rioting are two different things. So street closures and parking restrictions started yesterday and we'll continue into next week. The DNC runs August 19th through the 22nd. Meanwhile, New York City Mayor Eric Adams plans on highlighting the migrant crisis when he heads to the DNC in Chicago next week. And now Adams says he'll be meeting with the national democratic leaders to talk about the issue and he'll be speeding up work authorization for migrants.


Let's hear more from Mayor Adams Leaders. They state that Eric, we will take migrants and asylum seekers 'cause we need workers. We need populations in our municipalities, but they have to be able to work You know my number one chant You know we need to find ways to allow the migrants and asylum 'em seeks to work. That is the big initiative. They need to be meeting with the activists and the people in the community. You know who, who are against the migrant crisis and talk to those people and see how the migrant crisis has impacted them. That's who they need to be talking to. So he says he hopes the democratic presumptive nominee. Of course, Harris can help lawmakers come up with a bipartisan long-term agreement on border security and migrant relocation efforts.


Now Adams has criticized the Biden Harris administration in the past for not doing enough to help New York City with the migrant crisis. Well you told 'em to come in. Adam let's like, like everybody, like let we not gonna let none of the Democrats off the hook who were saying that they, we they had sanctuary cities and they were saying Come on in, come on in, come on in. And that's when republicans started shipping them. And then that's when they was like, everybody stop. It's too much. That's what they were trying to tell you from the beginning. But you didn't wanna listen Those buses and those planes got to be a bit much. Yeah. So switching gears and unfortunate news of everybody has had a, a taste of the famous AMO cookies, right? I mean, who hasn't gone to a ven Machin and got a famous AMO cookie? The founder of Famous Amos Cookies has died at the age of 88.


Wally or Wallace? Wally Amos Jr. Died on Tuesday at his Honolulu home from complications of dementia. According to his family, Amos who was born in Tallahassee, Florida opened the first famous a Amos cookie shop on Sunset Boulevard in Hollywood. And in Hollywood. That's Florida. In 1975, his cookie brand went on to become one of the best known names and baked goods in a statement his family said Amos was a great American success story and a source of black pride adding that they know he would love it. If, you had a chocolate chip cookie today, so maybe grab a cookie. Feel better. So look to the Good Brother You. know Wiley, that's famous, famous cookie.


I I I don't know why I thought he would've been older than 88 though. 88 seems relatively young. Yeah, because Famous Amy has been alive, been around my whole life, but I'm also only 46. Yeah. So that shows you how Short Life is. Yeah, it's been around for a long time. They said that I think he got his first loan from Marvin Gaye and that's how he was able to open up that store. Oh wow. Super dope. He was in movies and stuff back in the day too. Yeah, I don't know if people know that they Started posting some of the clips from like the different stuff that he was in. Oh, are online. Yeah, I saw it on Twitter. Alright. That's So fascinating. All right, so that's your front page news. I'm Morgan Wood. You can follow me on socials at Morgan Media and be sure to check out more news coverage at the Black information network. BIN news.com. Alright, Right Now, when we come back, the champ is here.


Clarissa Shields, the Walt greatest woman of all time. Walt, What you say? He said quotes, but at first it, it didn't come out. Like I said, quotes You know sometimes like I am learning like you, I don't know, like something happens with you. You learning your brain mouth like No, It's a quote. You're not supposed to say that word. What? He's not. He's not. No. Yes he is. I'm just dumb. You just read the Difference. I'm just dumb. Self-identifying. That's crazy. Oh my goodness. Clarissa Shields will be joining us when we come back. So don't move. It's The. Breakfast. Club. Morning The. Breakfast. Club. Morning everybody. It's DJ Envy. Jess Solar.


Charlemagne the guy. We are The Breakfast. Club not justice on maternity leave. So we have Lauren Osa with us this morning and we got a special guest in the building. The champ is here. The champ is here. Clarissa Shields. Ladies and gentlemen. What's up Champ? Hey y'all, how you feeling? I feel Good. Thank y for having me Here. Clarissa came in here with a suitcase. I said, are you flying out after, after this? She said No, this all my belts. That's right. I strap up. She said I can't carry all them like that. Can't pull her belts. This is only three of them you got up here. Four. Four. Four. I got 15 of 'em though. 15 of them? Yeah. Damn. How does it feel winning World Championships in five different weight classes? You just won your fourth and fifth world title. Just how does it feel? You know. It feels good. You know. It feels good to even more like shut the haters up. They always been hating for a long time. And I keep proving to them that I am the greatest woman of all time.


Can't none of these girls whoop me? Mm. None of them at no weight class. Only you and Roy Jones Jr. Have won the middleweight and heavyweight championships in over a century. Yeah. Have you really stopped to think about how historic that is? No. See, I'm like, I'm a little emotional so I get to crying and stuff, so I don't let myself do that. But it's a big deal and I got, I got more fish to fry because I want to be undisputed at heavyweight too. Mm. What keeps you in that mode though, where you're like, I got more fish to fry work? 'cause you accomplished so much. Like what keeps you motivated? Well, I think I say motivated because I'm young and it's always like somebody, like a girl saying that she can beat me. And when a girl say that, it be like, well I know the feeling.


You know. I wanna give you a try. And I actually love fighting. So I just got the biggest knockout of my career about two weeks ago. But I had been working so hard for that. Like I haven't beaten these girls unanimously dropping 'em winning 90 to a hundred now it's like I finally like, You know, put somebody to sleep and it was like, that's what I wanna do in all my fights. People Really still think they can beat you. That's seriously. That's really But you she Top of the top, they gotta come at her like That. Right? I think it's, I think that they think that, but they don't really feel that You know. Like people just be talking because when I, whenever I come with the smoke to somebody, then they, they, they energy switch up like, oh no, that ain't what I meant. Like, no, that's what you meant. And I want you to stand on it. You think people supporting women's boxing a lot more now You see more and more people at the fights.


It's just more on television, people talking about it more? Or do you feel like you still got a long way to go? Nah, nah, nah. I'm, I'm making million dollar paydays. Turkish Ali know who I am. He want to do a fight. Oh wow. I got a movie coming out by my life that's fireman side. December 25th. Women's boxing is getting is just due. Are we owe more? 100%. But Right Now, my purse is a million and hopefully I can get it to 5 million 10, 15, 20 and be and maybe one day fight for a million dollars like Floyd Mayweather. Did You know what was so interesting about the fight? Like most people seemed like they get a little slow when they move up and wait. Yeah, like young hands was faster. Oh my God. Like I was showing my man the punch because I was watching the fight live. And I was watching it re live.


And I was showing my dude my trainer 'cause he didn't see one of the punches. You threw it? Yeah. I'm like, no. It was the, you gotta watch this punch that dropped her and he was like, God damn. She was fast. It feel like you got quicker. You know what? The girl was punching at me so fast and it was like, hey, I am coming up from middle way so don't get it confused. Like, I'm like, I don't even want to get hit by her in here. So when she ran up on me and tried to sneak me after the ref broke us and she ran up on me, I was like, whoa. She was swinging so hard. If If you would've felt them punches, you would've felt disrespected. Yeah. I felt the wind coming across my head and then before I knew it I was just spiraling back. Damn. And then she was going down. But shout out to Sha Stevenson because I sent him my sparring. When I sparred against this guy up in Atlanta. His name is Demitrius And I called him the bear.


He was 190 pounds And I sparred against him. And I sent Shak to sparring 'cause Demitrius had roughed me up and he said, since you gotta use your frames more. So when you see the punch after I knocked her on the first time and then I ran back up on her again. And I turned her. That's called a Frame. So I framed her out to line her up with the right hand. Mm. And that's all due to Shakur because he literally sent me a video and everything like this, what you need to be doing when somebody is crowding your space. Mm. And you need to line 'em up for your shot. So shout out to my brother for sure. Are you done with MMA? No, I think I got one more fight with them and then they may come with a new contract. But in a way it's so weird. Like I be telling myself not to say it because anything I speak it always come true. But I wanna take off a year and a half, two years of boxing and spend it on nothing but MMA and I want to fight in a PFL tournament and become PFL World Champion at the same time as being boxing champion.


Mm. And I always get mad at myself. 'cause it's like girl, MMA is not your thing. You know like you're a great fighter, you love fighting, but MMA is not your thing. It's, it's actually harder than boxing to me. But I still find a way to beat these girls up. When you be fighting, right, like your last fight and you said she was coming at you, how hard is it to not resort back to just the street? Like just thinking, oh, I'm being attacked Bra. Just focusing and doing what Shao told you to do or what you've been trained to do? I'm A natural born street fighter. Like I street fight better than I box. That's why I was telling these girls in the streets, you do not wanna mess me in the streets. Like, like I fight to kill. Like nah. I got the same mindset inside the ring and outside the ring when it, when it comes to a fight. And that's to, to dismantle you, to get you off, me to, to stop the fight.


I got the same mentality in boxing MMA and street fighting. It really doesn't, it really doesn't change for me now up in the street fight, it's win at any means necessary. If I got to hit you upside your head with a brick, I will. But Don don't ever think I'm coming into no fight at a disadvantage. You, you not just out here like fighting in the streets. Girl, do do I got on the for side. You Jesse girls, you crazy. Yeah, that's what I'm saying. I don't even be out street fight. You gotta, you gotta get, gotta in the back the fight. As long as Okay. What means more to you being a world champion in five different weight classes or winning two Olympic gold medals? Ooh, wow. Honestly, like none of this would be possible without me winning the Olympics. Right. You know, like me being a world champion, all these different weight classes. It all started with winning the Olympics at 17 2012 and then it continued with 2016.


So I feel like if I wasn't a two time Olympic champion, And I was trying to turn pro without my two Olympic gold medals, it would've been super hard for me because when I fought on TV 2016 or 17, a woman hadn't fought on TV in 20 years. Wow. Yeah. I got the, I got to be the one to change the game, but I wouldn't have been able to get the opportunity. I think even though as being a great, as a boxer as I am, if I didn't have the accolades, the two Olympic gold medals to back it up. What do you think about the Olympics controversy this year? Oh my god. You talking about a, a ma a main Kif. The Algerian boxer. Yeah. Of the, she's a woman but she tested with XY chromosomes. Yes. Somethingm. Crazy like that.


You know what, honestly, I hated they ran with the whole transgender thing and they did what they did to her in the Olympics because I couldn't imagine me being in the Olympics and me getting ready to fight and people are like, oh, you're a man. Like, like I couldn't imagine that. And this is like the post supposed to be the most exciting time of her life. So everybody had misinformation. And I think that she's right to sue whoever started the whole thing. Like I heard she's suing Elon Musk and somebody else. Yeah, girl. Get that money. And she got a gold medal too, so a congrats to her. But to the girl who like, oh, she hit me harder than I've ever been hit before. Soft, damn soft. Hang it up. You shouldn't even be in the ring Dang ipar against men. I ain't never been hit that hard where I'm like, lemme get the hell up outta here ever.


And I've been hit to where I couldn't chew for three days with like a hook. So I'm like, I I still didn't get out the ring like, man, that's Soft. Would you fight her if the money was right? Who? A man, Armand, Khali dj, who you talking to? You talking to me? You saying would I fight Her? Yes ma'am. Would she Fight me? Oh, you're right. What? Come on now. Stop playing. If the money was right, so you would do it if The money wasn't right. Whatcha talking about? Because You know she's lost like nine times. Yeah. Oh, give damn. Because she got a, a ex-wife. Whatever. She was born a woman. Yeah, She's a woman. Absolutely. A woman can't beat me. What? That's crazy. Would you? Yeah. Crazy. I wouldn't fight you stupid.


I say line them up. From what I've seen her boxing. I'm like she couldn't beat the 17-year-old Claressa no matter what weight. I think she's like a 1 47. One 40. Please. You too crazy. All right, we got more with Clarissa Shields when we come back. Don't move. It's The. Breakfast. Club. Good morning. Morning everybody. It's Djj Envy. Jess. Hilarious. Charlamagne the guy. We are The. Breakfast. Club. Now Lauren la is filling in for Jess and we still have Clarissa Shields in the building. Charlamagne, Do you still wanna fight a mailbox boxer? Some of 'em, they be running they mouth. I still wanna put my hands on a few of 'em. Yeah. Who in particular? Keith Thurman. I, I wanna punch 'em in his mouth. And. I. Don't care what y'all say. Jake Paul cannot beat me in no fight. Stop it. Did y'all watch the fight with Mike Perry? Skills?


Pay the bills and Mike Perry was not skilled at all. He all grit and muscle. Jake Paul. So you My nerve. I said this before I got Clarissa over Jake Paul. Man. Man, come on man. I don't Care what y'all say. Carissa over Jake Paul. You definitely don't think he's gonna be Tyson then. Tyson 58. We see this. What? This make me mad with y'all. This is not an 18-year-old Tyson. 2130. This is 58. Yeah. He don't get no scrapes. If he beat Mike Tyson, he Probably got like a good 1, 2, 3 good rounds in him and If. you don't knock Jake Paul out then what? I'm gonna have to fight Jake Paul. For real. He hurt Uncle Mike Tyson. I'm not, I'm coming in the ring. I support that. What? I'm gonna be right front row. Don't Jake got a woman fighter too? I can't remember her name. Or somebody be a woman that be fighting on.


She already said no woman can be here. Ah, see we not, we not going a Amanda Serrano. That's her name. Oh yeah, yeah, Yeah. She thinks she quote 2.0. But she's the real deal. Amanda Serrano seven time division. World champ. Great fighter. Great fighter. I have a lot of respect for her. Is she a better fighter than me? No. No, but Jake Paul tries to call her the GG and that's because he don't like me. But I'm gonna keep shining on him and showing him like you got baby G goat, big G goat over here. Is that a fight that'll ever happen? Or is If she wanna come to 47 or 54? Yeah. Where she at now? 40. 40? Okay. Why you don't like you just 'cause you be telling him you're whooping. Yeah. And I said I will never fight on an undercard of him.


He not a world champion. How you mad at that? He not an ex world champion either. You not finna have a global fight on the Undercard nor damn Jake Paul, I don't care how big he is or how many fans you got. No, But that's 'cause you are, you're an actual boxer, so you respect the sport. So I'm An actual champion. Champion. Yeah. I I don't even think a man I don should be fighting under car to him. But like that's her choice. Amanda Serrano wasn't really that big till she got with Jake Paul. So I think she's super grateful for him. But in real life, in real time, you're a seven time division world champion. He's not, you should always be the top of the bill to show like that respect to the sport. But a if she liked being on the undercard, go ahead. But I'm not being on, on the under card. Nobody but Champions You know Champions.


And that's Terrence Crawford, of course. Stevenson, Devin Haney. Guys like that. Canelo Usik. Alright. I'm not, I'm not being on on an Undercard. No. Jake Paul. No, I was looking at Box Raw and they had you as the number two greatest woman's boxer of all time behind Lucia. Riker You know. I don't, I don't even know who I've never heard of Lucia Riker. Lucia Riker. She was 17 and oh, 14 K old. Yeah. Yeah. Lucia Riker was back in the day. She's not a better fighter than me, but it's not a bad place to be number two to her. I guess she's one of my favorite female fighters. People get at you about like your personality and your energy and all that because I love it. Yeah. Like you talk heavy people be You know everybody can't talk like how I talk And. I definitely can't back it up.


So I think it comes off to be intimidating to them and they wish they that, that they can be like me. Does it heighten in the ring? Like do you have a Altered Ego or is it like, oh yeah. What you mean Claressa? Right. Now. But Lorenzo is who I am inside the range. Zo I think I told y'all this before. Yeah. Lorenzo do not play. Like I start transforming in a locker room, actually like the week of the fight. So Lorenzo be trying to come out sometime and then like my assistant be like, Lorenzo, chill out. I'm like, all right. Like Lorenzo is actually, maybe Lorenzo is like a Amman, kif You know it's not, I don't say that Lorenzo is a man. I don't say that Lorenzo is a woman. It's just a person who I get inside the ring and I'm just myself.


So I don't really put like a, a gender on it. I don't know if that's weird, but I get what you're saying. Yeah. I just don't put a gender on it. I just go in there and inside of the ring I can be who I really want to be. I don't have to You know, be nobody else or I think it's actually hard for me to be nice because so many people get on my nerves and I'm always having to be nice to them. What You mean what gets on your nerves? Just in life? You mean what In life people get on my nerves. I don't, I don't like you're The nicest person ever. Peoples Yes I am. But it's just like, I guess she, She kicked her nail. Yes. I, but I do that to keep the peace honestly. Like some stuff I'd be like Chrisy, just let it go. Don't even say nothing to, because soon as somebody do something I don't like, I'd be like, hold on, I gotta check you right then and there. I can't wait till tomorrow or the moment.


It's like, I gotta get you right then and there and people be with this whole business. You gotta be professional and kind of keep it cool. And that's actually like, it be hard for me to do. And you have a biopic coming up, a real movie. It's gonna be, it Ain't No Tub, it's on Firing Side. It's called The Firing Side. It's directed by Barry Jenkins, the Stars, Ryan Destiny. How did that all come about? They started movie T-Rex, my documentary, which was very raw and it's me, I'm being followed around at school to the Olympics and my one loss and my home life. So they saw that and they wanted to redo that, but in a movie way. And at the time, first Universal Studios picked it up, then with Covid and everything happened.


MGM studios picked it up. So that's, we have the movie now. It dropped on Christmas all over theaters in The World actually. Not just the USA man. It is crazy. So they were asking me who I thought should play me. I thought Nafesa Williams should play me. Right. That's what si Yeah. Like I love her, I love her. Same here. She's from Philly, so I thought she should play me. But then they're like, oh, we did her, we did Ryan Destiny, we did a few others. And I was just hoping. I'm just like, I don't wanna be ki a Kiki Palmer. It's not that I don't like Kiki Palmer. It's just like she plays in every sports movie when it's a woman. So I'm like, not Kiki Palmer. That's all I was thinking. But I didn't say that. If it would've been her, I would've been just as happy. But I don't think anybody could have portrayed me better than Ryan Destiny. Wow. She's from Detroit.


Dark skin like me. Great skin. Very nice person. Beautiful. How much time does she have to spend with you? We Spent a lot of time on FaceTime. When she was doing like her scenes and stuff, she would call me like, Hey, I'm doing this scene. It got me and your mom in it. Like can you explain to me, well how y'all relationship was? She said, because from my knowledge it was like this. I'm like, no relationship was like this. And she's like, okay, okay. She had to train boxing for about a year. 'cause I told them, whatever y'all do, do not play with my boxing. Please don't. If I see this film in my and and her boxing is bad, y'all might as well go ahead and wrap it up. And they were like, oh no. Well, Ron, I said, have her train, get her ready. And they, and they got her ready. She trained with the guy who was it for? Black Panther. Who, who trained the people for Black Panther.


Okay. So that's trained with I I, I don't know his name, sorry. But that's what she told me she trained with and he got her together. When you see the film, you are gonna be like, wow. And it was, and they did a great job with the storytelling and everything. Shout out to Barry Jenkins And the movie will be out Christmas. Christmas, man, I can't wait to see that. I can't wait to see this film. I know. Was it hard to watch? What? I was shook just the whole time. I'm just like, what's going on? What's going on? And, I'm looking at it and Ryan's playing me so good. But I'm looking at, it's kinda like I have to relive all this stuff that I've, I may have moved on from that. I'm not involved with anymore. You know. So watching it, I'm like, dang, it was rough back then. We did have to go without this and that. You did win, win a Olympic gold medal and came back home to not won endorsement.


Wow. Not one endorsement, not one. You didn't make no front covers or no magazines. Didn't get no endorsements. You got 50 k but winning your gold medal and you got a 50 k bonus of being the only person to win a gold medal for team USA. But you didn't get, I came back to the same house. I went to school. I didn't really have anything. Basically I just had my gold medal and the little money I won. But instant Olympic clothes. But that's it. All right. We got more with Clarissa Shields when we come back. It's The, Breakfast, Club. Good morning. Good morning everybody. It's DEJN Envy, Jess. Hilarious. Charlamagne, the guy We are The Breakfast Club. Laura La Ross is filling in for Jess. Hilarious. And we're still kicking it with Clarissa Shield Charlamagne. Now you got the faces of the boxing podcast. Yeah. So this is Caro, one of the owners and co-hosts of the face of the boxing podcast tv.


I actually gave him the floor we met in Atlanta during my, during my training camp. This the, one of the coaches that hooked me up with the sparring. Shout out to him for having Demetrius come. And that's the dude I caught a bear that roughed me up. But we can both agree that toward the end of camp I was roughing bear up. But I I I, I actually thank him for laying out the red carpet and being a huge part of my camp. And now we gonna do some episodes together on the face, the boxing podcast tv and yeah, go and gimme your spiel. So I am Coach Chiro outta Hitch Field Boxing Gym is where they know me at out in Atlanta, Georgia. The Faces of boxing podcast tv. Y'all can also follow us on a YouTube. Yeah. Subscribe. Like Definitely comment. We need a thousand subscribers. We at like 410, 20,000 subscribers.


You know. So let's get it, get it Going. Definitely. Definitely. So Right Now, go follow us on, on Instagram too at the face of boxing podcast tv. And pretty much like I say with this podcast, it's to bring the old fighters and the new fighters together. 'cause everybody wanna know who's the face of boxing, right? And we know it's, it's questionable. They gonna say Canelo, they gonna say Bud Crawford. They might say Tain. Yeah, but guess what in the woman's faces of boxing is the big quote. So it's like you can't just leave out the many different faces. So that's why the name just stuck. 'cause everybody want to know who's the face. But guess what, it's many different faces. It is. I trained with professional fighters. Elijah Pierce, he has a fight in Atlanta, August 30th at the OTE Arena, Tito Lopez and Brian Norman Jr.


Out of Atlanta, the WBO champ that y'all may not know Right Now, but he just got the strapped 'cause Crawford moved up. So now he's elevated the champ and he fights at our gym. So the city's about to be led, Atlanta's about to be led. When she come back to State Farm Arena, we want to sell that joint out and have a big crazy card. And Atlanta's embracing her like no other. Like it's, it's just the love is what all brought us together. It wasn't even about the money, the finances, it's about the legacy and the history supporting her and her journey. So that's really all it, all it really been. But as far as the podcast, y'all saluted and y'all definitely put a stamp on it. I appreciate y'all for having us. Absolutely. Yep. Do you get the, because you're so successful at what you do and you're in such a great place in life and you do wanna have kids, do you get The same pressures that like, like I get pressured, like when are you having kids, but like your success is D like you physically have to be available for your success.


Does your family pressure you in that way even though you have to be physically in a certain like world to be successful still? If that makes sense. Yeah, I Get asked all the time. I'm gonna have my kids And. I feel like it is really a thing with me. I've planned out my whole life at the age of 13. I'm like, I'm gonna go to the Olympics. And, I won the Olympics. I'm like at the age of 18, I'm gonna go back to Olympics again. And I said I'm gonna turn pro, I wanna be undisputed. So I've always planned my life out how I wanted it to be. I've been trying to do that with kids. And my thing was at first like, I wanna be married. I've been engaged. You know. But You not no more. I've been engaged. Oh wow. But marriage, like walking down the aisle and jumping across the room and putting up with somebody forever, it's like, I wanna do that. But it has to be like what I give you must give back.


It has to be like, I can't feel your cup and then don't feel mine back. You know. So for me it's like all you want to be a wife first before I have kids now, we wouldn't be in between nine. I might be turning 30 next year. Like maybe I should just have a kid with somebody. But I don't, I don't know if I wanna do that either. So I really wanna be in a relationship with somebody who I like and love and have some kids and raise a kid up in a two parent home in a private school and all that good stuff. But You gotta find the right person though. Gotta Find the right person. How are you da Like what's your dating life like? Like do you Oh, I'm not even, I'm not even on that yet. Are there's a lot of guys trying to court me, but I just don't, I just don't care. Right, Now, it's like Focus. Is it the focus or is it you still dealing with the I was engaged situation. All those great men in Detroit, I Heard Detroit men take care of.


They do well all those You Know what I've actually heard a few different, I heard like Detroit, New York, Atlanta got some good men. That's what I've heard. I just got to New York. I don't know. Oh you need a nice good southern man, Clarissa, that'd be good for you. A nice man from down south. Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah. Or any, anywhere in the surrounding areas in Atlanta. But you gotta be open to it though. You said you're not gonna say that now why though? Is it 'cause of workers? It because you're still figuring out that I always had a boyfriend, thought my whole career. Got you. I ain't never been like really single. I've always been and been in a relationship. I think Right Now, I'm giving myself like an emotional break. I've always had to care about somebody's feelings. Girl. Yes. Like I'm a highly wanted woman and it's like you, I always have turned down men to make the man I'm with.


So, so he comfortable. But it's like they don't, men don't stop hollering at you just because you engaged or you got a man. Like they just keep coming and it'd be a lot of, a lot of stars too. So for me it's like I don't really wanna, You need somebody secure. Yeah. You know, watching online. I don't wanna Date Right Now. Somebody sent a video in a group chat. I ain't gonna say it's just a lot of men in the group chat Wasn't a picture of my way in, man. Yes, My God. That's the body is baby. When Sitting, I was like, oh the body is Because You know exactly. My man was like, y'all, I ain't never looking at Clarissa like this, yo. And so the whole group chat started talking and I'm like, yeah, Clarissa, why Clarissa got no panties in the bra.


But If, you just need somebody that's gonna be secure with where they are with you. And And he was secure. It was just like for me, right? Like, like Right, Now, Now. I just don't, I just don't wanna do that Right, Now like have to put things that I want to decide to make somebody else happy. Right. And that's what I've been doing for a long time. Like not just with relationships, but family, friends, everybody want my time. Everybody want my money. Everybody want just everything. And it's like, forget what Claressa want. Just make everybody else happy. And I always gonna put myself second, third You know to do that. Now I'm like man, I'm putting myself first. And I think a lot. A lot of people don't like it, but at the end of the day it's like y'all was doing stuff that I didn't like And I didn't say nothing. So let me live my life how I wanna live it. You know. And a lot of guys is courting me for sure. They may send a little flirty, flirt whatever here and there, but I'm just, I'm telling you that way in that way in went to the group chat and homie was like, y'all see Clarissa Tripping Man.


The dms like after that weigh in. What? First of all on Facebook he got 14.9 million views. Drake definitely was in them. dms. What? Drake ain't DM me. He Called you. If he did, I don't think I would even tell y'all No, but I No, it is. Everybody was talking about the way, but the thing is, it's women's boxing so that's what you're gonna see. Like you're gonna see a good looking woman. All, all the women ain't built like no men. I know damn sure that I'm not, I'm strong and all that stuff, but I look good. I look good. Absolutely. I got A good body. And. I got a good face too. I'm just saying like, I think the whole stereotype of women's boxes are like butch and men.


It's like I don't want that image on me. I ain't manly like, like I'm strong. And I, kick your ass. But nah, I ain't, I ain't, I ain't Manly be built though. That's why I didn't wanna go to 47 because I'm gonna lose my butt. I already ain't got no breasts. I mean I'm being, being for real. I, I'm like a eight cup. So you think I'm gonna go on to 47? Be smaller eight cup And. I had no ass. You gotta pay me for that. For real. Y'all Like look, you got something. I don't. Yeah, see but I ain't you. Yeah. Hey I'm dragging back there. Yeah, we, yeah, we, it's like reverse you gimme a little bit. And I. Give a little bit. I think we'd be good. Clarissa Shields, ladies and gentlemen, the quote, we appreciate you for joining us always for Show. And you gotta come back from when the fire inside come out, you should bring Ryan with you to promote the movement.


That's right. Absolute. I don't think y'all can handle both of us in the same room. I we gotta do it. Come on up. We gotta, we gotta make that a blockbuster. People gotta Go see that. I was about say Ryan is like, I'm energy but Ryan is like That's all right. Come on up. Yeah. Okay. I'm gonna let her know I'm gonna text her. Absolutely. Clarissa Shields, ladies and gentlemen, it's The. Breakfast, Club. Good morning. Morning everybody. It's TJ Envy, jet. Hilarious. Charlamagne the guy. We are The Breakfast Club. Lauren LaRosa's here. She's filling in for just Lauren London LaRosa. And let's get to just with the Mess with Lauren LaRosa is real. Jessica Robin Moore just don't do no lying. She Don't stir nobody Worldwide, just worldwide mess on The.


Breakfast Club, the Lauren Lauren And I got the Talk to me. Kai Sinat has responded to the Kamala Harris team coming out and saying that they never reached out to him. So y'all remember he did that whole live where he was like, they wanted me to talk about politics, blah blah blah. And then Kamala's team had to come out and say, no, we never reached out to him. Kai And I got back on the stream and addressed that whole situation. I got the save his service calling me. Stop, stop. I goddamn Whether not be lying to us. Kamala Harris campaign did not draft Kai in that chat.


I want you to know something deeply. Okay? First of all, let, lemme lemme, lemme tell you real quick, and this is why I don't touch on the topic of politics. Jack word to my mother. Watch the clip back. I didn't even say no names. And on top of that word to my mother, I would never lie about anything. Just know that. Just know that. Just know that one. I didn't say no names and two one to my mother. I would never lie on anything that is whack. Well Kai didn't lie. He didn't. But see here's the thing. 'cause you said it this morning, you were like, well somebody have even said to me that he didn't mention no names.


And then I went back and watched shit three times in three different locations. 'cause I wanted to make sure I was watching the Fool. He didn't say a name when he was about to. He said Secret Service. Yeah, when he was about to say a name. 'cause he was talking about how the girl said we need you for the campaign. He said what campaign? He said Uhuh, I we're not gonna get into details. Like he didn't wanna say a candidate. Right. But he said Secret Service. Which makes you feel like, which made people feel like it was Kamala Harris. 'cause he said Secret Service. But Donald Trump's said Secret Service Services. Right? Yeah. Well he also didn't lie 'cause he did get reached out to just not by Kamala's team. He got reached out to by a third party organization with informal ties to the convention team. Kamala's team said that themself. So Kamala's team, they, they didn't have somebody reach out to him, but somebody definitely did reach out to him.


It was just like I said, a third party organization with informal ties to the convention. So it wasn't Secret Service. But he's saying the, it Wasn't Kamala's team. I feel like the way he's saying it in the second clip is almost like, like that definitely happened. We know that. Right? But I feel like he's saying that there was someone who reached out to him for a candidate to sit down with him, but he didn't tell us who it was. So he didn't technically lie about Kamala. 'cause he never said it was Kamala. Well there's a lot of third party organizations who are doing things like that though. Like they'll, they'll reach out to people. They'll send text messages or they'll call or they'll ask you, do you want to be a part? Can you, can we, can we count on you for help with this campaign? You saw Dr. Umar post something the other day saying Kamala team reached out to him. That wasn't true either. You know what I mean?


I was gonna say what but I mean but he did get reached out to is what I'm saying. It's just not Kamala's team. Right. It's these third party organizations that are doing this on their own. Well, speaking of a third party, there is another party in the situation that would love to sit down and have a conversation with Kamala Meek Mill. So Meek tweeted yesterday, I wanna ask Kamala Harris questions about her past as a da. Even if she had to be tough. All I hear is rumors of her. I would ask her three questions about black and brown men going to prison in her views and try to help her understand from a survival standpoint she may have never had to encounter. So he is a, he's trying to get more information from Kamala about the rumors and the conversations that people are having about, did she put black and brown men in jail because of drug convictions and different things?


Listen, I have no problem with that. Y'all can laugh at Meek Mill all y'all want. But Meek Mill is assisted in getting, legis has assisted in actually getting legislation passed. Meek has championed certain legislation that has actually got passed in Pennsylvania. The probation reform bill, like that was Meek along with Governor Josh Shapiro and, and Michael Rubin and others like, like so I have no problem with that. Yep. Lemme ask you a question. This has been something that people have been asking about for the last, I mean, when she was running, didn't she answer these questions already? 'cause I thought that these were things that she addressed when she was running for president. I've never, I don't Yeah, there's Plenty of interviews where she Addressed that, right? Yeah. See but I feel like that got lost in the shuffle of the time where like we weren't because Y'all Negro care about mess and that's it.


No, it just was And she's addressed so many terms. Yeah. Yep. You're right. We Do. We she's done two interviews here on Breakfast Club that you can go reference And I. I think she dressed it up there. 95%. All of those things were covered. We do care about mess because at that time I felt like we were only focused on like all the drama Biden and her Silk Press. Oh, the Silk Press be Press baby. See what I'm saying? But whoever do her hair is up the press babes. The press Girls, city Girls is up a thousand points that press be laid. Never a stiff. She don't even let have to let her edges. It just flows. Okay, we gonna move on. Tyler the creator You know that Presby pressed, that ain't the sit in the kitchen press. Okay, Lauren. Okay. You see what I mean? Because it's so you just throw one little thing out there.


Understand. Understand We get distracted so easy Because you don't understand ain Silk press the whole summer. Y'all know how hot it was. It Summer, it's glow warming. It's 7:00 PM Friday, it's 95 degrees and her hair still flown like that. That's crazy. Yeah. We just had a conversation about two minutes about her press. We Just, we were just talking about probation reformation her record as a prosecutor, all I had to do was say Silk Press, Lauren went off. It's a whole other Direction. Two minutes. My bad Y'all. Yeah, one more thing. You gotta say it. I'm not the minority in that. So Tyler the creator sat down with Maverick Carter for a maverick show and they had a, a long conversation about a lot of different things. But one of the things that's picking up is the fact that Tyler, the CRE creator, felt like he needed to apologize to Eminem.


I seen this show called, I think painkillers on Netflix and it's about like how people got addicted to opioids in like the nineties or whatever. And Eminem put out this album called Recovery. It's two 2010. I was a big Eminem fan. And when that album came out, I hated it publicly. It was like, this is whacked. Didn't like it. And after watching that show, dude, I felt so bad because I'm unlike me publicly saying that stuff and him getting off drugs and being clean and getting to a point in his life that that's behind him and me implying like, you need to, no, he probably felt like I was attacking him. I thought I was just like, I don't like the music.


He was in a different part of his life and probably felt like I was attacking him. Mm. And now I feel so bad about saying that stuff because my perspective was so limited. I love when people are loud about being wrong. I respect it. Yeah. And I think that that's important too because a lot of times with artists, people give them hell when they get into a different place in their life. It's like, oh, they don't make the same music. They can't rap no more. They can't this. Right. And it's just like, no, they, people gro things evolved. Yeah. And being able to be vulnerable is a thing now. But back then when Eminem was doing, there wasn't too many artists that was coming out talking about the addictions and the different things that were happening. So that's good to hear. But one, I Mean that is the worst. Nothing worse than letting a joke fly or a well timed insult. And then you find out they're going through something traumatic.


So I, I respect him. You know owning that. But if it's still art. Art, right. If If you don't like the art, you could still criticize the art. Yeah. And I. Think to his point. I I 'cause he did. Yeah. I just think it was more so about like he was, he didn't like the subject matter. He wanted the old M or whatever. So, but he also talked a lot about, we don't we not on time for this to be wrapping up. Go Ahead, finish your Thought. We talked a, he talked a lot about the industry itself changing from 2016 when he first came out to now and how like the internet and people feeling like they know celebrities makes it hard because people just like run up on you and things of that nature. And then when you don't like it, you get labeled as like the crazy person. And then he also talked about how horrible it is that the media picks up and supports artists who literally say, I don't even care about rap.


I just do this for the money. Or I'm viral because of TikTok. 'cause it makes real musicians like him and other artists look like the eyeballs out or people who wanna become artists. They don't aspire to really do real music. Like they just get out there and just throw a song on TikTok that goes viral. Like he said that that's what's messing up the game. Right Now or Drop On a Clues Bond Vitality creator. He's 33 years old. Welcome to Old Head is Tyler. Okay. Everything is gonna get on your nerves. Everything that's about 10, 15 years younger is going to piss you off. It is what it is. Tyler. Okay. Alright. All these new little jitter bugs in their early twenties, 21, 22, they don't do things like you used to. But remember 10 years ago, Tyler was in that same boat. Yo, That's why it was crazy. There were people criticizing him the same way.


He's criticizing folks now. It's okay. Tyler. Yeah. Welcome to the club. Yeah. But, but I think with Tyler too, I think his, his problem is he really gets busy. He can really rap. He yes. Dope. So it's like dope. You know He, he plays a lot of them, them stupid games and he jokes a lot. But he really can rap. Yeah. For You know. You know At the end of the day, he's a musician. He is. All right, well that is just with the mess with Lauren LaRosa. Now Charlamagne, who he giving that donker To? There is a judge in Detroit. His name is Judge Kenneth King. He needs to come to the front of the congregation. I would really like to have a word with him. Alright. He Pissed me off. And then after, we'll open up the phone lines and discuss. (800) 585-1051 is The Breakfast Club. Good morning The. Breakfast Club. Your mornings will never be the same. You gotta be a ass Charmagne. Some donkey days just saw themselves, never been watching.


Charla man was ready for Donkey. Donkey. I never heard old donkey other day. What is it? Common Donkey. Say it again. Charlamagne. I'm a donkey. Yes, you're a donkey. Donkey. Everything that Charlamagne is saying is true. Donkey of today for Thursday, August 15th goes to 36th District court Judge Ken of King. Okay Judge King, the levels of disappointment I have for you this morning. Okay. You my brother, my brother, my brother. I just don't understand humans. Okay? I don't understand humans like I believe I understand humans, okay? One thing that therapy has taught me over the years is to always put yourself in other people's shoes.


You have to attempt always to see other humans as you see yourself. You have to attempt to see other humans as you see people you love. So I have a 16-year-old daughter. So naturally, if I see something happen to a 16-year-old, especially a 16-year-old girl, I'm like, damn, why would he handle a 16-year-old girl like that? And that is exactly what my mind is in regards to Judge King of King. Judge, why would you do what you did to this 16-year-old teenage girl? I know you're sitting there saying to yourself, well Charlemagne, what did he do? Well, let's go to ABC seven for the report. Please. One thing you'll learn about my courtroom is that I'm not a toy. I'm not gonna be played with. What started out as an informational field trip with the Greening of Detroit nonprofit Tuesday to the 36th District Court in front of Judge King, quickly turned into Judge King, getting visibly agitated over a sleeping student in his courtroom.


Punk, you fall Asleep in my courtroom one more time and put you in the back. Understood. Judge King had her removed from the courtroom, but he told me that didn't fix her quote attitude. And that's when he pulled out the jail uniform and handcuffs. King says he was trying to teach the teenager a lesson on behavior and respect in court. I haven't been disrespected like that in a very long time, Man. He then threatened the girl with jail time. I'm Gonna go to sleep tonight while you're sitting in the juvenile detention. Was I really gonna do that? Probably not. Could I have Probably. So The nonprofit running the field trip tells me in a statement quote, although the judge was trying to teach a lesson of respect, his methods were unacceptable.


The young lady was traumatized by the judge's unnecessary disciplinary treatment and scolding Judge King, are you serious? A 16-year-old girl is on a field trip. She keeps falling asleep on the field trip and you decide to do an impromptu hearing for her because of her attitude and constant sleeping on the trip. You told that 16-year-old girl If, you fall asleep in my courtroom. One more time, I'm gonna put you in the back. I am not to be played with what? An ego driven statement. Judge King, you are a leader and there are three rules of leadership. The first rule of leadership is put your mission above your ego. What were you trying to get across to these kids on this field trip? What was your intention? What was the mission? Because it sounds to me like you was just flexing. You was just trying to showcase your author tie. Okay? You wanted them to respect you, but clearly you not able to garner respect without that robe, that gavel in that bench.


Okay? You not to be played with. No. You played yourself because I told you the first rule of leadership, okay? The second rule of leadership is If. you don't care about your people. They won't care about your mission. You didn't care about about that little girl. You don't know why she kept falling asleep, right? You have no idea. She might be 16 with a couple of younger siblings and have to stay up all night watching them because her single mother, her single mom is at work and can't afford a babysitter. Hell, she might be sick and on some type of medication and the medication might be making her drowsy. I don't know. My point is, judge, you didn't even bother to find out. You didn't care. You just got offended because she kept falling asleep in the courtroom and you wanted to show her you nothing to play with. Why not ask her? Why are you so tired?


You seem exhausted young lady. What's going on? Have a conversation. See what's going on in the young woman's life judge. And guess what, judge? Kenneth King. The third rule of leadership is, if I have to tell you the first two rules of leadership, then guess what? You're not ready to lead yet. Okay? I know you've been a judge in that court since 2006, but I'm calling that whole 10 tenure in the question. Okay? First of all, you suggested this young lady needed to be behind bars for what? Why? Falling asleep in the courtroom is not a crime. You traumatized this young girl simply because she was exhausted. If her daddy catches you in the street and wants to fade, you earn that. If her daddy and his brothers and cousins catch you in the street and jump you, then you earn that because there's no way in hell that 16-year-old girl should be threatened with handcuffs in the jail uniform, all because of your ego.


You was trying to teach a lesson of respect and ended up showing us why you don't deserve any If. you thought the kid was being dis disrespectful, simply ask him to leave your court. Instead, you decided to talk to him like this. Let me hear more. Red, You fall, you fall asleep in my courtroom one more time and put you in the back. Understood. You don't care. As soon as we bring prisoner out, she can step back there. We got a uniform for her too. What made you think you could go to sleep in court? And then when I asked you about it, you fall asleep again. Then I try to wake you up and you like you don't care. I don't care either. I have no problem because I'm gonna go to sleep tonight. While you're sitting in the juvenile detention facility. What makes you think you can talk to my child like that?


Then he had the nerve to say to the Detroit free press, I wasn't trying to punish the young lady and he was also traumatized by the hearing. How the hell were you traumatized by the hearing? You not a victim here. You had zero empathy for this young lady and for whatever reason, your fragile ego was bruised because this young lady kept falling asleep in the courtroom. So you decided to threaten her with handcuff handcuffs and jail clothes. Man, everybody involved in this situation needs to be disciplined. The judge, the officers who went along with this nonsense, all of y'all need to be disciplined in some way, shape, or form, suspended without pay. This is an abuse of power. Her parents should be able to sue and this young girl should be compensated for her pain and suffering.


Judge Kenneth King said he wanted this to be a deterrent. A deterrent from what? What was she doing wrong? Being tired. It's a field trip. The judge said, I wasn't trying to punish the young lady, but you did. You wanted to show her. This is not a joke. What is not a joke? It's almost like your feelings were hurt because these kids weren't excited to be in a courtroom. They weren't excited to meet the honorable judge Kenneth King. Nothing honorable about your actions, king. Then you got the nerve to reach out to the girl's family and offer to mentor her. Talking about you trying to get through to her fool. You still don't even know why she's tired. Why would I want you as a mentor after you abuse your power and threaten to put my daughter in handcuffs and jail clothes because she fell asleep in your courtroom on a field trip.


Man, somebody su the brakes off these people. You done traumatized this girl. We don't even know what else she dealing with, but whatever it is, you made it worse because you abused your power and that's why you need to be taken off the bench for a little while. So you no longer have the power to abuse everything Judge King said, should happen to this young girl, needs to happen to him. How do we deter Judge King from doing this to other people? How do we discipline Judge King so he knows? Doing this to people's kids is not a joke. Let's discuss. In the meantime, please let Remi ma give Judge Kenneth King the biggest. He haw Heehaw. He heehaw you. Stupid mother. Are you dumb? Humans are crazy. Well, Let's, let's open up the phone lines. Let's go to Breakfast Club court. Yeah.


805 8 5 1 0 5 1. What are your thoughts? And, I, all this young lady did when she was 16, she fell asleep, Fell asleep a few times and clearly, clearly You know she's exhausted. If she fell asleep, they woke her up and fell asleep again. Fell asleep again. Right? Like judge, when You dealing with kids, you need to have a con. I think that's the biggest thing that people don't do right with kids. You gotta have conversation with. That's right. Find out what's wrong. That's Right. That's, that's the main thing. And let's, we ain't gonna talk about falling asleep like we've all fell asleep at places that we shouldn't be falling asleep. Mac falls asleep up here. I fell asleep in the club before you fell asleep many a times. Well, Mac is 400 pounds, so he probably got sleep apnea. But once again, you don't know what people are going through. He's not here. That's right. That's I'm saying. You don't know what people are going through. You gonna be mad at back You. know what I'm saying? No. He told us earlier that he gets mistaken for LeBron James.


He That's a lie. That's what he said. Then He also said he got, that's why Call Burger King Mistaken for the game too. That's he's not, he's too big to beat the game. He's a whole league. They say This when the game fell off. Damn. My, my my my point is we don't know why this young lady fell asleep, right? Correct. And I also want to know what should happen to the judge. The judge, I, you can't not tell me that. There should not be consequences of repercussions for this. Well, Let's discuss. (800) 585-1051. Get on the phone lines. Right Now. You ain't No king judge. It's The. Breakfast Club. Morning King. King. The Breakfast Club Daddy calling my phone, Man. It's topic time. Call 805 8 5 1 0 5 1 to join into the discussion with The Breakfast Club.


Morning everybody. It's DJ Envy. Jess. Hilarious. Charlamagne the guy. We are The Breakfast. Club. Lauren Laro is filling in and If you just joined us. Charlamagne gave donkey today. To who? 36 District court Judge Kenneth King in Detroit. Judge Kenneth King. Some kids were in his classroom on a field trip. A 16 year girl kept falling asleep on the field trip. So he threatened her with jail time, right? And threatened her. Threatened to put her in handcuffs and put her in jail clothes. All 'cause she kept falling asleep. Right? And my thing is this man, number one, he didn't even take the time to see what the issue was. Why was this young girl so exhausted? Why was she so tired?


How do you just jump to jail time and jump to wanting to put her in handcuffs? And I gotta teach her a lesson. Why is your ego so fragile that you felt like she was disrespecting you? Simply because she couldn't stay awake. Now, now don't get it twisted. I I do agree. If there was a disruption in court, if she was snoring, if she was loud, you just ask her to leave. Just say, Hey, that's it. I need you to leave my courtroom. But to the point where you put this 16-year-old who did nothing but fell asleep in jail clothes, in the jail uniform and then threaten to throw her in jail is, is absurd. It makes No sense. It's Absurd. That's not gonna make her not tired. It's not gonna make her not tired. And then he got the nerve to, to reach out to the family and say he wanted mentor her. You're a terrible mentor. Yeah. What did the Family say? I don't know what the family said, but you're, I I know the family's not a not happy, but you're a terrible mentor because a good human, the first thing I would've said to myself is, damn you.


So you very tired. Why you so tired? Like I would've had a conversation with her. Well, he was probably in the middle of proceedings. So if she was snoring or doing something to disrupt to say, can you please take her out the courtroom? That's it. Put her in jail clothes, jail uniform. It's, it's ridiculous. Hello. Who's this? Hi, it's Samantha. Hey Samantha. What are your thoughts, Samantha? All right, so I listen to you guys every morning. I love you guys. Good morning show. Good, good morning. So I kind of disagree with what Charlamagne was saying. Like, oh, You know they gotta care about her and what she going through real life is that they're not going to care about you. Yeah. But she'll Go into the courtroom and be older and be in there for some real shit. Oh, sorry.


And she falls asleep and the judge is gonna put her in handcuffs for burritos. That's Why You know. That's why, that's why young kids grow up to be traumatized adults though. Because I understand what you're saying, but we also gotta still remember she's 16 years old. You don't deal with kids the way you deal with adults. That's why they're kids. We were having this conversation yesterday, Amy. Absolutely. I've been in this situation before where I, I've been in and out of the system since I was younger. You know. I had my sister call the police from me. I I was like 15 years old. Please came to the house, like threw me on the floor. Like it's a fight between siblings. Yeah, but that's something criminal they go over. That's not criminal. She fell asleep, falling asleep. It's not criminal. I understand it's not criminal, but they were going there to see how court goes.


Yeah, but we don't know. And If, You fall asleep from the courtroom. That's how it goes. Okay, lemme ask you a question. You said you sent to court. You said that this happened to stuff like this used to happen to you when you was younger. How many times did adults actually say, Hey, what's going on at home with you? Never. That's my point. So If, you see this young girl in court and she keeps falling asleep. The judge should say, Hey, why are you so exhausted? Why are you so tired? 'cause you don't know what that young girl dealing with at home that's got her so exhausted. Same way. Same way. They didn't know what you were dealing with at home when you was young. How many times do you wish somebody would've just stopped and said, Hey, what's going on? Why you acting out like This? I mean, I wish I had, but You know what? Like, I'm gonna tell you this.


Everybody got a story and not everybody's gonna care about your story and not you. You all act like You know. See how the system is? These people don't care about you. Oh, I'm with they don't, but this, they don't at all. I'm with you. But this man is black. That's why I'm so pissed off. Judge Kenneth King is a black man. Maybe I to, maybe I should have said that, but that's why I'm so pissed off by this. And he also Is acting as if he cares. He said he wants to mentor her. So If, you gonna take that time? You should took it from the very beginning. That's right. That's all I'm saying. Yeah. Some people just don't really know how, maybe he like, what's it called? Like tough love. They feel like the tough love is is what'll do it. But I don't, I don't know. I I kind of agree. I don't know agree with the whole donkey of the day, but I kind of You know.


I see what you all are saying because he, he could have done better. He could have said other things to her. Especially if she wants to be someone in her life. That's right. That's mentoring her. But That's all, that's all I'm saying. Well, thank you. Have a good day. Good morning. Who's this? Hey, what's happening man? This is Rashida, also known as Super Rashe. Detroit, Michigan. Rashida from Detroit. Talk to me about Judge Kenneth King from your city. Man. That's, That's Rashe. Also known as Super Ross. C Day. Ross C Day. Let, let, lemme tell you something. Charlemagne and company, bro, I'm usually never, ever, ever agree with you. But I have to agree with you on this. Here's the thing, you are correct.


I can't believe I'm agreeing with Charlamagne, but you are correct. You are correct homie. This guy needs to get all type of repercussions needs to happen to him. He and You know what this is about. A bigger problem as well. There are a lot of judges with nasty, stinky ego attitudes that need to be checked on a regular basis. So he's just part of a small problem. But it needs to be corrected. He needs to be fined heavily. He needs to be, how shall I say, petitioned. The people need to really get out and, and and, and really show their support for this little girl. Yep. And he needs to You know. He, he really needs to, he needs, he really needs to get his that.


That's just despicable. Disgusting. I agree. And, and you a grown man with an attitude. You're not a king bro. You're not a real king. You are just a judge You. know what I'm saying? You got a job to do. But let me ask you guys something about Colin Kaman, Listen, thank you for calling from Detroit man. I want to hear from all y'all from Detroit because I know that y'all might know Judge Ken of King. But we also have audio from the girl's mom and she explains why she's tired. So we'll play that when we come back. 1 805 8 5 1 0 5 1. Talk to us about how you're feeling about this judge, Kenneth King situation and how he disrespected this young 16-year-old girl. It's The Breakfast. Club. Let's go Don my story.


I'll make up a towel for horny. I wake up to, do I be too so close for apic? No, they watching up my kiss. I be acting like don't exist. Got a black truck, pop me, pop make a get inside Pop gotta block me and my toes white. Like Matthew McConney new. She throwing this truck, kept throwing red up so the PenFed keeps showing. Should I take off on this? Keep going bitch. A BY heavy. I'm not toxic. I belly, it's like a mess. Be messy. I'll pop Shamp pops on Jet die. They take my picture of the dog. Like gimme this. Did she die coming out Lumpy? They chip chop how the lemon tummy?


Come on with Sunny. Guess I'm Matisha since she wanna sub me. She did what? Had no idea shit was on the shelf. I kiaa like see her. Please don't wanna be your looking weak. Looking great value me looking girl. These every tweet looking. He don't wanna be saved. Don't save him. Yep. It's The World most dangerous morning show. The Breakfast. Club, Charlamagne to God. DJ Envy. Just hilarious. Jess is on maternity leave. Envy ran out. I think he had the runs. We got LL Cool Bay, Lauren, London, LaRosa, Delaware, and Nunu. She said they used to mistake her for Lauren London back in the that day day on Facebook. That's exactly what she said. But If, you wanna give me the You know? Nunu is that girl. So I'm with it.


I'm that girl who you get mistaken for Morris Chestnut. Really? All the time. Oh, okay. Yes. By who? Just people. Probably the same people who, who mistake You doing home? Are these People your head, probably the same people who mistake you from doing home You. know these people with your head friends. Tell me, do you be talking to these people by yourself? And then Lauren said, Has anyone ever seen these People? Said they even stuck her on Facebook. Damn, she ain't even say in real life, she said on Facebook. Now The book used to be popping. We're talking about judge kid of king, judge Ken of King as a judge in Detroit who got upset because a young 16-year-old girl was in his courtroom on a field trip and she kept falling asleep. So he threatened her with jail time, threatened to put her in handcuffs, threatened to put her in jail clothes.


Just ridiculous. So we're taking phone calls to see what y'all think. Let's go to the phones, right? Good morning. Hey, this is Kenny calling from Southern C What do you think about Judge Kenneth King's situation? M And I have to disagree with you. Okay, because example, I booked a, a 13-year-old a couple of days ago for attempted murder. Okay? Tried to rob a, just a regular citizen or just tried to rob him and shot him. And then the mom a couple of months ago in there crying, she didn't wanna pick her. Her child was in there for vandalism and she didn't wanna pick him up. She said he's gonna die. That he's gonna, the streets are gonna kill him.


The the stuff that I deal with with juveniles on a regular basis, weekly basis is, is disheartening. And a lot of times the moms and the parents and the guardians, they don't know. They don't have a clue what to do because the streets have gotten them or, and, and, and let me agree with you on something. We dunno what her situation is, but you do hear him say, I get what you saying. Hey, I tried to talk, I tried to ask you and you didn't answer. And You know what have you. But so we dunno her situation. But in the same token the, the disrespect and the, the kids out here wilding is crazy. Yeah. But disrespect just 'cause you fall asleep in a courtroom on a field trip, that shouldn't be taken as disrespect.


You're comparing kids who committed actual crimes to a 16-year-old girl who simply fell asleep in a courtroom on a field trip. Correct Me if I'm wrong, but you're speaking to the lack of respect for authority. Correct. That's what you're saying. That she was learning in This, I'm speaking for lack. Correct. Correct. Speaking of not, not so much of the falling asleep there. So much of him trying to communicate with her and You know. It was, it was, you can tell there was a little bit of disrespect there. I I, I hear a lot of fragile ego from the judge. We actually have the, the young girl's mother. She, she, she did an interview where she explained why she was tied. Thank you for calling from Southern Cali. We appreciate you. Let's listen to the Mother Red.


Would you want someone to treat your child like that? Would you even treat your child like that if he fell asleep in the courtroom? Latoya Hill is a single mother of two children, including her oldest daughter, Eva Goodman. Latoya says Eva was falling asleep because the family does not have a permanent residence at the moment. They're just trying to make ends meet. So belittle her in front of the whole world and her friends to make her even feel more worse about our situation. See what I'm saying? I'm a single mother. I'm trying my best, I'm doing everything that I can. Stop demonizing young black kids. Stop criminalizing young black kids just because of their circumstances. Clearly, this young girl is poor and disenfranchised.


Clearly. This young girl don't have a stable place to stay. Probably running around in the middle of the night just trying to find a place to lay her head. Her mom trying to do the best she can. And you fallen asleep in the courtroom. You'd have known that punk ass Judge, Kenneth King If. you would've simply had a conversation with her. And if she did have an attitude, she had every right to have one. What is wrong with y'all? Let's go to the phones please. Good morning. Good morning. How Are you? Good morning. How are you ma'am? Mm mm I'm good. How, how do you feel about the judge, Ken of King situation? I don't know. If, you just heard, we played the call back from her mom. Her mom said the reason she was tired is because they currently don't have a place to stay. They don't have a a Oh, that's terrible. Mom. Yes. They don't have a stable residence.


Talk to me, ma'am. I I, I was disappointed in the judge because again, as you said, you don't know what these children are going through as to why she couldn't stay away. But then to find out that she did have some issues and she has valuable reasons as to why she's not staying away. It's, it's heart wrenching. The judge was completely wrong and he changed a full trip into ski straight. Damn. You right? And she didn't deserve that. Yeah, she didn't deserve that. What did she She didn't deserve that at all. She didn't deserve that. In no way, shape, or form. Thank you for calling. Oh, wrapping up. Listen man, I don't know what should happen to Judge Kenneth King. I'm not that smart. I need people out there that's smarter than me to figure out what need to happen to Judge Kenneth King. King. But this is a clear abuse of power.


And I don't know if he needs to be suspended. I don't know what should happen, but something should happen to Judge Kenneth King. There should be some discipline. The same discipline he was trying to put on that young girl the same way he said that he was trying to create a deterrent for that young girl. Somebody needs to create a deterrent for him. So things like this don't ever happen again. And this is why sometimes you need to just shut the hell up, If. you don't know what's going on in somebody's life. If you're not gonna try to You know, intervene and have a conversation with that person to see what's going on with that person to see how you can help, then sometimes you just need to shut the F up forever. And Judge Kenneth King needs to shut the F up forever. Mic drop. That's my personal opinion. We have just with the mess coming up with Lauren London LaRosa. Delaware's nun new what we got.


We talking 50. He said he doesn't really care to be a billionaire. He's not rushing to get there. Mm. Okay, we'll talk about it when we come back. It's The, Breakfast, Club, The, Breakfast, Club. Morning everybody. It's Djj Envy. Just hilarious. Charlemagne the guy. We are The. Breakfast. Club. We have Lauren. Almost said Lauren London. We have Lauren Osa filling in for That's What she said. That is Not what said Lauren. Just Lauren London LaRosa. If you're just joining us at six o'clock this morning, and you can hear it back on the podcast later today. Lauren said that back in the day on Facebook, used to get mistaken from Lauren London. Yes. So they started calling her new, new in Delaware. New New. That's what she stood. Oh my. It's on. You'll hear it later at the six O am hour Controversy.


Sales. I'm just telling you what you said. All Right, well let's get to Jess with the mess with Laura. Let LaRosa she don't spend nobody Bro. Worldwide Mess on The. Breakfast Club. She's the coach. Lauren. Lauren Osa. I'm back. And. I got the mess. Talk, talk to me. All right. So 50 cent, big 50 he did was the cover story for us weekly. And during the interview they talked to him about reaching billionaire status. And here's what he had to say about it. I'm not sure I'm in a hurry to reach that.


I've reached a point where I don't have anything that I, I want that I don't have You know. So I don't know what the rush is to get to that point. Look, I bought every car that I wanted to two or three times. That's just the success from oh three. And then it habits within lifestyle. You know If, you are earning a decent amount of money. If, you don't spend it. They're just gonna take it. And I said, Hey, I'm in the IRS financially. When you get to that point, you gotta figure out how to put it back. You gotta figure out where, what are you doing as a philanthropist. This is when you start building legacy. You start doing things that are, are a little more sophisticated. 'cause people remember people who helped. That's real If. you say he is a billion, you're a billionaire. That, and they go, okay, what did he do? How did it benefit anyone else?


How, how significant was him making it to that point? If it doesn't affect others, That is a jewel drop bar for 50 cents. So true. That is a jewel. If you with what you building only benefits you is not big enough. I say that all the time. That's I I agree. And, I You know. I was saying with 50 cent what, what he did with Shreveport, Louisiana last week. I was really upset with a lot of the blogs because I really didn't see anybody post it. Like if, if it would've been been violence, if, if T MZ posted it. But outside of T mz, I really didn't see any blog posted how successful it was. He posted it like crazy posted. I saw So many people there posting it to them. Yeah. But none of the blogs posted how successful it was, how much money he put into that city, how there was no violence. There was no shootings, killings or anything in the last five days in Shreveport.


And maybe 'cause I followed 50, I feel like I saw it all. That's, I Followed 50, I followed all the stars Universe people too. So they was outside. Yeah. None of the Blogs posted. You paid a half a million dollars for police. I saw that there was no violence. I saw that 50 Everybody mama was there. I saw that. Seen it all from 50 page. Wow. Well I can't wait to be that rich. But also I agree with y'all too. You need to be putting some back in the community. Correct. So YG and sweetie, you guys remember that they got into the altercation earlier this week. Police were called. So look at this picture right there is a lion and there's a cheetah. This was posted to Y G's Insta story. Which y'all think this mean Lying Cheetah Envy. Yep. Yes. You a lying cheater. So after that incident, YG posted this, his Instagram story with no context whatsoever.


Right? So everybody online went wild. Oh my God. She was lying. She was cheating. He was going through her phone. No, it's Chester her, it was like a whole thing. He came back online after The, World started going a little crazy. Not The World, but after people started going a little crazy and he commented and said, I was at the zoo with my kids. Stop the cap. And people were like, well why would you just randomly post that You lying in and now you really gotta take your kids to the zoo. Y'all don't care about yg, And I. I don't care. Y'all don't care at all. I mean, I mean I, I love Y G's music. I just don't care about this situation. I care about their relationship. I'm not with you. Okay, If, you gonna shoot our Shot? That I could pretend though? Like no, don't pretend. No for real. No, don't Pretend I believe him. He was at the zoo.


You probably do believe him. Just like you think Meech was helping his cousin with the groceries, I'm sure. Right? Yeah. Right. So we gonna move on Scarlet. Aw. So what? Look at, I know the story. That's what I'm saying. Oh, I was about to say those all her. You don't even know what happened. Aw, okay, so Scarlet was on live with one of her where her, her past boyfriend and this happened. Am I? You think I'm pretty baby? You're beautiful man. Sometimes What that mean? I mean sometimes. Sometimes. Am I pretty Right Now? No, not Right. Now. Definitely not Right. Now. Damn. Definitely not. I don't feel like being no more so you dead.


Don't think I look pretty. Right Now not like Right Now. Like sometimes. Damn. Well I don't know what to think about that. Love you guys. I'm gonna get outta here. Love you guys. Where? Where's Cols from? The Bronx. She from the Bronx. People from the Bronx shouldn't be in relationships with people from the Bronx. People from the Bronx should always date other people's mother. I Dunno where that guy from. And that is the most New York relationship I ever heard in my life. You pretty, you think I'm pretty not Right Now. You look a little, I'm not gonna hold saying Put the Tims on my, She she real strong. 'cause she, I wouldn't have asked a second time on Instagram live in front of thousands of people. I would've just, the first time it flew, I would've just let it go.


Like I didn't hear it. But so that video happened a few days ago. The update is she posted on her Instagram saying y'all gonna care about this Instagram post. Yes. I love him. Yes. My confidence is back. She left him. Yeah, she broke that with him because after this, after that video, everybody was like, girl, that man don't love you. He think what? That is so disrespectful. It so hurtful. 'cause she be going through a lot about her. Looks like she open. She's open about that. I Seen her in the street. Four. She look happy. She was out partying. She was having a good time. Oh, So Scarlet back outside. Yeah, She dad outside. Dad you think I only look good sometimes? Yo Ma, why you doing this Ma? What? What Accent is that man? Yo. Done. Done over here bugging It just sound crunchy. Crunchy, crunchy. Bounce.


Relationships be sounding crunchy. Don't do that. If my family in the Bronx listening, they gonna pull up. I've been told you put, I'm just telling you. Hey people in the Bronx don't need to date each other. Goodbye. Right. People in the Bronx should always find people from other boroughs or just other states To date. Maybe G, maybe yg need to find somebody from the Bronx now. That ain't gonna work. Right? Alright, well thank you. That's just with the mess with Lauren LaRosa. Now it's time for the People's Choice mix to start off with some Nipsey Hussle. Today is Nipsey's birthday So rest in peace. Nip Play some Nipsey this morning and salute to my assistant Mercedes. It's her birthday as well. Happy. Happy Birthday. Size 14 and men's. Oh my goodness. Yo. You posted a picture? She had that big size 14 and men's boot on that private plane. That plane couldn't even take off. He just doesn't stop.


It's The. Breakfast Club. Good morning. Yeah. The. Breakfast. Club. Your mornings will never be the same Morning everybody. It's DJNV Jess. Hilarious. Charlamagne. The guy We are The. Breakfast. Club. Now Lauren LaRosa is filling in for Jess now, earlier today during the six o'clock hour we were talking about resemblance and Lauren said that she used to get mistaken for Lauren London on Facebook. I did not say get mistaken. And We So she said everybody in Delaware started calling her uni. What they was calling me. You said Say it again. Say it again. Say it again. Uni. That's what you said. That's what he said. But the funniest one was not that You know Big Mac is one of our producers. You probably seen them on walling out Big Mac came up here and said that people said that he resembles LeBron James On TikTok in the game.


The game end. The game. When the game fell off. But it's like kinda like when the game didn't start You know what I'm starting to wonder what filters are y'all using on social media? 'cause Mac didn't say people will mistake him all. He said people mistake him on TikTok. Lawrence said people mistake them on Facebook. What filters do y'all using that got people thinking you look like Lauren London. I never said mistaken and Mac look like King James. I told him the only person I've ever been mistaken for was is Brandy And. I can understand. I see Brandy, I get Brandy and Monica. I've never gotten, I look like Lauren. I see Brandy is my name. Lauren. Lauren London. So people just jokingly used to do it. You in here like this is like he Mistake you from Brandy. Yeah. Used All The time. I ain't down with that. That's why he was so quiet.


Was sitting like If, You can get Morris Chestnut. I could do Brandy or Monica. Morris Chestnut said he gets mistaken to me. Morris Chestnut is being friendly with you 'cause you are a person of the media. I've never seen, he didn't have to say that. I was no way around. He said that Show. Yeah. Knew he was gonna see it because you that that clinging to young people you talk to in your head. Sent that to you didn't I don't Think you look like Brandy. You look like Ray in the forehead. You know. Yo, when we come back we got, you should fight him. We got the positive forehead just In the for You should fight him. But you got me looking like this. Your forehead didn't say you look like radio. I said you look like him in the forehead. Just in the forehead. You Ain't got ready forehead when we come back. Positive notice. The, Breakfast. Club. Good morning. Morning everybody. It's DJ Envy Jess.


Hilarious. Charlemagne the guy. We are The. Breakfast. Club. Lauren LaRosa is filling in for Jess while she's on maternity leave. Now we gotta salute to the champ. Joining us earlier today. Clarissa Shields. Clarissa Shields. Man, she'll be back too. 'cause her movie comes out on Christmas Day. Ryan Destiny is playing Clarissa Shields. She has a movie coming out in theaters, You know, directed by Barry Jenkins. Barry Jenkins did Moonlight. Barry Jenkins did, what was that Bill Street? Is that what the movie called? Bill Street? Yeah. And it's coming out through MGM, right? Yeah. So You know it's, it's a, it's a surreal movie. Yeah. And if If you, if You know anything about Clarissa's life, You know why her life is worthy of a movie. You should really watch her documentary that came out in 2015 on Netflix called T-Rex.


Yep. Yeah. Clarissa got a hell of a story man. Alright, you got a positive note for the people? I do. I wanna tell people, first and foremost, my back to school drive in Fish Fry is this Saturday in Monks Corner, South Carolina from 10:00 AM to 1:00 PM at the Berkeley High School Student parking lot You know. We got the free backpacks, the free haircuts, free fried fish. We got the Jamaican food truck pulling up the mini Mart, Caribbean Grocery and Cuisine food truck will be pulling up, giving away free plates of Jamaican food. Mine. So yes. What accent was that? 10:00 AM to 1:00 PM Pull up Berkeley High School Student Parking Lot. My ninth annual back to School Drive and Fish Fry. Positive note today is about ego.


Okay? Always you remember if we let our ego determine what we see, what we hear, and what we believe. We've let our past success damage our future success. Don't let your ego lead. Y'all have a great day. Breakfast Club Bitches do.