
Life is an act of constant reinvention that's true for you and for cause. Nissan Reimagined the all new kicks around you. The Bowles Personal plus sound system with speakers in the headrest keeps you in the groove while the Nissan Safety Shield 360 technologies keep you safe. If Nissan invented the kicks, you can reinvent yourself. Drive the all new Reimagined Nissan Kicks today. Available features compatible device service and consumer activation of Nissan Connect Services. Package required use only when safe and legal subject to third party service availability For more information, see Nissan usa.com/connect/legal. Apple CarPlay is a trademark of Apple Link. Intelligent all-wheel drive cannot prevent collisions or provide enhanced traction in all conditions. Always monitor traffic and weather conditions.


Taking Control of your career is empowering. Just don't tell my boss I said that. Just kidding. I am the boss. This is Carlos Miller from the 85 South Show. And building a career isn't just about a job. It's about creating a path that impacts our community and future generations. Whether you're starting out or even making big moves, State Farm is here to support you with resources to help protect what you're working hard to achieve. They've got your back every step of the way because like a good neighbor State Farm is there. Find out more at State Farm dot com.


On a serious note, I'm still thinking about that one commercial with Tom Brady and Snoop Dogg. The one way they're hating on each other, but when you actually hear them, the reasons for hating someone or something are just stupid. That commercial stuck with me. There's so much hate in this country and it's got to stop. So join us at iHeart and standing up to it. If you see hate speak up, call it out. You can learn more by following at what's up with hate. At


and t has a new guarantee because most things in life are not guaranteed. In a world where nothing is guaranteed, at t is bringing something new to the table. At t is introducing a guarantee. With connectivity, you depend on deals you want and service you deserve, or they make it right. Learn more at att.com/guarantee. At&t connecting changes everything. Terms and conditions apply. Visit att.com/guarantee for details.


Good morning. USA Yo yo Yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo. Jess LAIs is out today. What up, Lauren? La Rosa. Good morning, y'all. Charlemagne the God Peace to the planet. It's Monday. Good morning. How y'all feel out there? I feel blessed Black and Holly favored. Happy to be here another day to serve our beautiful listeners. What's happening? That's Right. It's Monday morning. Back to the work week. How you feeling? How you feeling, Lauren? I feel Good. You all Right? Yeah, I'm great. I had a great weekend. Good weekend. Was at home with the family, watching the award shows. Y'all watched the NAACP Image Awards? I didn't Watch it, no. Oh my God. I watched. You know what though?


I turned it on. Came on Saturday. It should did a Sunday. Yeah. But I turned it on And I turned it on. I caught, I literally turned it on when Vice Vice President Kamala Harris came to the stage to do her speech. And then it was another time I saw it. Gabrielle Unan, Taraji p Henson were introducing a, an award for BET. And Scott Mills came up there and accepted the award. But that's all I saw. Nah, I didn't, I didn't see it. I had a old man moment this weekend, I think. Had You added old man moment? You were old man. I was about to say I had, but I a, I had a moment though. I was walking outside. It was a Friday and it was still cold, And I slipped on the ice. And boy, I was, I was skating and dancing for at least 30 seconds, And I was trying not to fall, trying not to fall.


The next thing I know, my feet went over my head. I was on my back. And then I didn't just pop right up. It took me a second to get up. Like I had to think about it. I had to reevaluate life in that moment. Was this outside your house? Oh yeah. Yes. So you got video? Of Course. Can we see it? No. Yeah. That happened to me early in the winter too, man, walking to the mailbox. And I was on the phone too, and you know, it was so crazy. I was on the phone And I fell and landed straight on my back, didn't hit my head or anything like that, and never got off the phone. And, and the person that was on the, I was on the phone with never knew I fell or anything. I just got up and kept it moving. And it just lets you know that, you know, your, your reaction to things is what makes you embarrassed or not. Because if, if nobody's around and nobody sees it, did it happen?


It's just, just you in the ground knew you fell and God, but it, It, it hurts so bad. Like I fell on my back and my ass. Right. And when I say I was, I was hurt. Like, I was like upset. Like, Was you in pain? Oh, so your ego was hurt. You stuck. My ego was hurt. And I was in pain too. I was in pain until I ain't go for, And I was in pain. But then when I felt like I kind of slid a little, 'cause it was ice. It wasn't just like you felt, you just got Nah, I kind of like slid. It was funnier to me. But, you know, I had that moment, That black ice, that that black ice will make you racist. Yes. That black ice will be like, you know what? Keep rolling back. All the DEI initiatives, keep dismantling the EEOC. Whatever you gotta do to stop blackness, do it because Lord have mercy. That black ice ain't no joke. You hear me? Yeah. Yeah. It's getting warmer this week. So we gonna get rid of all the black. Yeah, Yeah, yeah.


How We deport black ice. How we deport Black ice. Can we deport Black Tyson? Jesus. Huh? Is there a way? I don't know. But we got a special guest joining us. We have a defensive attorney, Joe Taco Pina joining us. That's ASAP Rocky's attorney. He was also Donald j Trump's attorney. Michael Jackson's attorney Alex Rodriguez. Meek Mills, YG Swiss Beats, Neos, just to name a few. Foxy Brown. He worked on, he worked on Michael Jackson's case too back in the day with Johnny Cocker. I sure did. Yep. So we're gonna be talking to him in a little bit. And we got front page news. Don't go anywhere. It's The Breakfast Club. Good morning. Morning everybody. It's DJ Envy. Jess. Hilarious. Charlamagne the guy. We are the Black Fi Club. Let's getting some front page news along LaRosa filling in for Jess.


Good morning, Morgan. Good morning. DJ NV Charlamagne Tha God and Lauren LaRosa. Happy Monday. How y'all feeling? Good. Feeling good. Peace, Morgan. Good. Good. All right, y'all, let's get into it. So, topping the headlines, Elon Musk says, all federal workers must report what they did last week or be dismissed in a social media post. Musk said, employees will receive an email requesting information about what they worked on in the last seven days. And any failure to respond to that email will be taken as a resignation. Now the move comes after President Trump's. He said he'd like to see Musk be, quote, more aggre aggressive in his efforts to slash the federal workforce. Now, in the first month of Trump's presidency, thousands of federal employees have been fired.


The first of what officials say will be a wave of layoffs. Now, speaking of layoffs, the Trump administration is set to put all civil servants employed by the U-S-A-I-D, the US Agency for International Development on administrative leave Monday at midnight. That's today, as well as cut 2000 employees from that agency. A notice review by the Hill shows that this maneuver is being called a reduction in, in force and was delivered from the office of the administrator. Hundreds of employees contracted to work with U-S-A-I-D were fired. Fired, following that order. Hey, listen, salute the FBI director Cash Patel and Tulsi Gabb for telling their employees. No, they not responding to Elon Musk's email. Okay.


Like, like Elon Musk is not an elected official. He's not the president. You know, voters didn't vote for him. How is this immigrant from another country, you know, able to tell, go here, able to tell the government to do with their, able to tell the government what to do with their money? And how is he able to tell government officials, Hey, you gotta send me an email telling, telling me what it is you do. Salute. I'm, I'm, I'm happy that they pushed back on Musk this weekend at, at the ca Cash Patel, the new F fbi I director in Tulsa. Gavin absolutely pushed back on him. I'm happy to hear that people Were still responding to the emails, though I got some friends that work And I was with them when that email came out and they were gathering, like literally teams were calling each each other. I'm, I'm sure they were nervous. They literally so scared. Homes, expenses, and bills.


They gotta make sure it's fixed. I'm sure they know. It was like Just a, like cross your t dot your I type of thing. I'm sure. Absolutely. And if you live in A DMV, it ain't cheap. I'm just telling you. So, yeah. But in another news, president Trump says he will be, he will not provide federal funding to states that don't comply with executive orders related to transgender women in sports. Now, speaking to governors at the White House, Trump's had an exchange with, he had an exchange of words with Maine Governor Janet Mills on Friday over this executive order. Now, earlier this month, Trump did sign the executive order that banned transgender women from participating in women's sports. Trump and Maine. Governor Janet Mills had a bit of an exchange which resulted in Trump telling her that he doesn't see a future in politics for her after her term ends.


Let's hear more from that exchange. Trump and Mills, Are you not gonna comply with it? I'm comply with state federal law. Well, I'm, we are the federal law. Well, you better do it. You better do it because you're not gonna get any federal funding at all. If you don't, your population doesn't want men playing in women's sports. So you better com you better comply because otherwise you're not getting any, any federal funding. Every state. Good. I'll see you in court. I look forward to that. That should be a real easy one. And enjoy your life after governor. 'cause I don't think you'll be an elected politics. So if you couldn't hear, if you couldn't hear the main governor, main governor, Janet Mills, what she was saying, she was basically saying, telling Trump that she would see him in court and that she's gonna continue to comply with federal laws into which Trump said in the audio, you heard, yeah, I am a federal law.


So Why are folks still talking about trans athletes? Like that is a losing talking point. A America's not with it, and they keep making a micro or macro with that conversation. It impacts such a small, small group of people. But it makes a whole lot of people think folks like common sense. So why are they even having that conversation? And I can't believe it's states that still want to die on that hill. Like none of these states have a high percentage of trans athletes. So what do you, what, what's the issue? Maybe it's just protecting the overall arching issue of trans rights or, you know, you know, that's still a, that's still an ongoing thing. That's still a developing issue to, you know, I don't know the probability, but I'm sure it's a higher probability of most people don't want, you know, men played in women's sports, especially if they have daughters that, you know, practice.


And I, I'm sure the Probability is pretty high. It's just not a high percentage of trans athletes in the country, period. Right. So I I know, I know state to state it has to be even smaller, you know, Whatever. I'm not sure. Maybe they like, like to, you know, they're just again, getting ahead of the issue. But to your point, yeah. Emini here. Don't, don't die on the hill. Y'all, there's so much more we could, we could talk about. But yeah, speaking of which, we'll talk more on at the seven o'clock hour. It seems like my time is up. We, we'll talk about the Ukraine and Russia situation. Seems like there's gonna be an update with that. Alright, and everybody else get it off your chest. 805 8 5 1 0 5 1 if you need to vent, phone lines are wide open again, 805 8 5 1 0 5 1. Get it off your chest. It's The Breakfast Club. Good morning. The Breakfast Club.


Wake up. Wake up. Wake Your As. This is your time to get it off your chest. Whether You're mad or blessed, we wanna hear from you on The Breakfast Club. Hello. Who's this? This is Rico. Rico. What up? Get it off your chest, Rico. Alright, so look, I was checking out John Hope Bryant podcast. Funny and well Legend And I Hear yes, yes. Can I, can we get the drop bomb drops for John obrien? For John Hope Bryant Money and Wealth podcast available on the Black Effect iHeart Radio podcast network. Any way you listen to podcasts? Yes, sir. But anyway, I was listening to the podcast and Charlamagne, your ad popped up And I hear in a new wig for Lauren Laro.


And why are you always on Lauren Head? Man, it's crazy. Oh no, it's first all. First of all, I'm not new ad I'm not always on Lauren's head. It is, it is Bad wigs that are always on Lauren's head and it's an ad for Amazon and, and I'm just talking about products like, I'm talking about products you can get at a, at a, a discounted price on Amazon. And I just, I don't Even know why you would put my wig and discounted price on Amazon because on one sentence. Don't Do that, Lauren. All the time, man. It's crazy. Lauren, you gotta start shooting back, baby. All right, Thank you. So There's a promo running around with him, talking about your wig and that you get it off of Amazon. You know, that sounds like to me, discount price, a defamation lawsuit. It's crazy. Defamation. It's crazy. Listen, I, I'll win that case so easily when we go to court and they see your wig.


Stop playing with my like, your Honor. Your Honor. Look at this way. We Got Mahogany in here now. And she's that girl. Stop playing with her. Okay. Hello? Who's this? Okay. Hey, what up man, it Jam. Hey Jamal, you cold at the perfect time because somebody needs some confidence. Go Jamal. Oh gosh. Bad bad. I call it Lauren Osa. Check your dms. All right, I'm in there baby girl. I'm single. Ready to mingle. I hope you are too. Alright. He's single ready to mingle. What's your Instagram? So she can see what you look like? Fn Bond. B-O-N-D-X. Look it up now. How old? How old are you using phrases like single ready to mingle? He's Definitely 40. Hey, don't Worry. Look, I've been wanting to tell you about yourself for a long time.


All right. But I'm using my time right now for her All. No, get 'em babe. Go ahead Now. Get him babe. Not babe. Huh? Drake Ain't lose nothing. Drake ain't lose nothing. Drake ain't lose nothing. All right. I know what, Drake lost a lot of sleep for the last year and some change. Okay. No he didn't. No he didn't. I'm not arguing with you. Alright, well she's looking. You found it. I don't what did he say? She don't see it? You better, you Better? No. What's the Instagram fn? What? Fn Bond. B-O-N-D-S. Fn Under Bonds. Fn? Yeah. I can't see anything. He has like, oh, he's Private. It's a private Page. Oh, he is a private page. Oh Yeah. Hold on. Lemme Yeah, genius. He about to make it UNM private for you right now. He about to make it Unpr Private.


You, You d me on Friday at 6:36 AM on Friday. What he said Doing what he Say? He said when you gonna give up this single Hold On, you ain't gotta put me out there. What? Sick. What? He basically said when I'm coming home. Oh, when ain't coming home. This might be your future husband that you putting this business out there. My Bad. Well, well we'll see, we'll see. We gotta analyze you. Make sure you not crazy. You calling the Radio station telling me to check the dm. You know the listeners wanna hear what you had to say. You, you Gotta make sure you got a job and all that. All be all right man. I like the energy. I like the fact that he sent a message but then he did a follow up phone call just to make sure you received said message. And he's willing to put himself out there over the air for everybody to express his, his desires for you.


Lord, I respect that. I don't like the single ready to mingle like that seem. That seemed like he really our age. He does the electric slide for sure. He He was there when first the started Doing it without, without the Clap. First of all, the electric slide is not an age thing. You too should know the electric slide if you are black. I do it. I do it. But y'all were doing it before they start doing that extra clap. Clap when they bend over. That's a different age of the electric slide. Yo. Come on man. Get it off your chest. 805 8 5 1 0 5 1. If you need to vent, hit us up now. It's The Breakfast Club. Good morning. The Breakfast Club. This is your time to get it off your chest. Whether you're mad or blessed, the we wanna hear from you on The Breakfast Club.


The Breakfast Club. Hello? Who's this? Hey DJ Envy. This is El Boogie. Yo, What's up El Boogie? Yo, get it off your chest. Hey, I need to wish my niece Simone McKelvy, she works at the mayor's office in North New Jersey. A happy birthday on yesterday. Come. Oh, I forgot to hit cousin up and tell her happy birthday. That's your cousin. For real? Oh man. Yo, I heard he say McKelvy. Okay. Hey, they might not be up. They went to the little Wayne concert in Charlotte last night. Oh, they was? Okay, okay, okay, okay. Yeah, she might not be up this morning, but if she is happy belated birthday on yesterday and my son up rest in peace.


He'll be 37 on tomorrow. Hold on. This Lawrence? Yeah, this Lawrence. This is so What's up? Because What shit, I finally got it in. I ain't know. I'm sitting there listening like, hold on. Who the hell is this? It's my cousin Lawrence man, most corner South Carolina all day. 8 4, 3 8, 4 3 all day. You know Why you didn't say you was his cousin at first when you called Here? Like is this a real thing or no? No, this is my cousin Jeff. I'm Hey Jeff. Hey beautiful. I'm so sorry. I want to, I say good morning to you. You sound like Charlotte cousin. Good morning to Lauren.


If she's there, tell Lauren this is Lauren. Hey, See, she sound like Charlotte cousin. All right man. No, this, this is my cousin. Cousin. This is my first cousin, my daddy's nephew. Okay. My, his his parents Uncle and aunt. Aunt Lottie and Uncle Harris. It's My family. Family. I dunno why you called to say hey. 'cause what's up? 'cause this Charlamagne's cousin. What's up Lenora? Hey, I was, but I ain't know who I was gonna get on the line. Normally you on the line at first. So that's why I Just say what up. So yo cousin, yo El Boogie, tell us a Charlamagne story right now. A good Charlemagne story that we don't know. Go. Oh, I ain't got nothing bad to say about my cousin.


He, he ing he, he repping 8 4 3 8 0 3 all day every day. And we so proud. You already proud of him? We proud of him down here in the sc Man. We, we Emini here. This, what can I say? I can't really say nothing bad. Okay. I wasn't asking bad. I just said any story, but Okay. All right. We appreciate you. I hope any story I don't have, I don't have no, no good story here. Little younger than, But Okay. All right. Well thank you for calling in L Boogie. I'm gonna hit you up later. Cut. He not gonna hit you up Boogie. Alright man. Thank y'all. You definitely no, I, you not hitting the No, that's not true.


This, this, I actually talked to them. Oh, okay. That's, that's the side of the game. You the salute to my cousin. My cousin Jamal. It was his birthday yesterday too. Salute to Jamal. I forgot to call him yesterday for his birthday. I totally forgot. Well, Abby birthday Abby. Born day Abby. Born day Simone. I, I swear I didn't even know that yesterday was her born day. I was talking to her last Wednesday too. She hits, she frequents Astoria in Newark quite often. She don't even wanna use my employee discount. Family discount. Aww, I Love that. Aw, well get it off your chest. 805 8 5 1 0 5 1. If you need to vent, you can hear this up now. We got rumors on the way. Yes, We do. The NAACP image awards went down and Carrie Washington wanted to make sure she didn't fumble that Tyler Perry bag.


So we gon we gonna talk about it. All right, we'll get to that next. It's The Breakfast Club. Good morning. The Breakfast Club Morning everybody. It's DJ, JNV Jess. Hilarious. Charlamagne the guy. We are The Breakfast Club. Lauren fil in for Jess. And let's get to Jess with the mess. Music is real. Jessica Robin Moore. Jess don't do no lying. She don't spare nobody Worldwide. Jess worldwide mess on The Breakfast Club. She's the coaches. Lauren, Lauren osa. I back And I got the mess. Talk to me. So we are gonna get to the NAACP Image Awards, but before we go there, I did wanna take a moment.


This happened on Friday after we were done. Our show news broke that Ms. Valletta Wallace, the mother of Biggie Smalls, had passed away. She died of natural causes on Friday morning. So I did wanna take some time to just, you know, send some love to her family, to to, you know, Biggie's family and send a rest in peace to her now. Absolutely. Definitely rest in peace to Miss Valletta Wallace. Yes. Yes. And when you talk about like, you know, black Legacy and black family, we then can segue into the NAACP Image Awards because it was so much of that Saturday night the NAACP image awards went down. It was hosted by Dion Cole and like, I loved watching it because so many people showed up this year.


So if you missed it, please go back and watch it on BET. So many people showed up this year. I wonder why they did it on a Saturday this year. I said the same thing. But then I was talking to Eddie, one of our, our EP and he was saying that a lot of times the BET awards, like the different awards that they do are on Saturdays. I do feel like it should have been on a Sunday, how like other awards shows normally are, but the SAG awards also did come on yesterday as well. Okay. Like Jane Fonda had a moment or whatever. So maybe that's why they couldn't do, I don't know, but Gotcha. It was on a Saturday. Kiki Palmer won Entertainer of the Year. Outstanding voice over performance. Blue Ivy Carter and Mufasa. Outstanding actor in the motion picture. Martin Lawrence, outstanding actor, a drama series.


Michael Rainey Jr. For Power Book Two Ghost. And y'all know 50 was going off about that. I think everybody was excited for him. Yep. 50 said, I'm so happy for him. He's worked hard in this moment. The NAACP is really all we got. We do bigger numbers than a lot of shows, but we don't get nominated because of diversity. Now I did wanna take a moment. I mentioned Kiki Palmer at the top of this and she won Entertainer of the Year. She kind of spoke to what 50 is saying as well. Let's take a listen to Kiki Palmer. I didn't think I was gonna win because Girl, You killed that role. You killed every role you do Emini here. Your power, your vulnerability, your strength. You are exceptional. Obviously Shannon, my hunky, hunky, you know, I love you Bookie and Kendrick and, and Kevin Emini here.


It's such an amazing category to be in with all these people. I just wanna say, it's so important that we all come here together and celebrate one another with one another. You know, you don't always have to ask at a seat, at nobody table, just make your own table with your folks. You know what I'm saying? And so, while we continue to ask for more money, it's important that we remember that what we choose and what we deem is important is enough. Is it a committee for the NAACP image award? Like do people vote? Like how do you win those awards? How do they determine who wins those categories? That's ly how all awards ceremonies are. But I don't know that to like, to to be fact. I can look it up for you, but I'm pretty sure that there is a, a committee of people and Okay.


And what did Chloe do? Did Chloe do anything? I know she came up here with Them. Did Yes. Yep. Chloe actually, she presented Michael Rainey with his award. Okay. She came out with Journey, who is Jesse Smollett sister, journey Smollett. She looked amazing, by the way. Like she had on a, this silver dress. It was, it was amazing. It was fire. So Basically they wasted my cousin's time. They had her going all around with them, you know what I'm saying? To do promo for the NAACP Awards and just had her present an award. Well, Emini here, they must have already had their host slated. So yeah, she didn't Perform. No, I don't remember seeing a Chloe Bailey perform. She Didn't do the pre carpet. Nothing. Everybody Did the pre You mean like I'm Talking about host or pre carpet, Yet? I didn't see her hosting a carpet. No. Okay. But again, there, there was a lot of, one thing I did see, which I thought was so brilliant, Kyla Pratt was on the carpet for BET.


And her and Kiki Palmer had a moment. And I just, and it was so dope to see like just, you know, the, we watched them on TV our whole lives. I thought that that was really smart. Okay. A BET as well. But I did not see Chloe hosting a carpet. Now another person who was nominated, not nominated, but who was shown some love at the NAACP image awards was Dave Chappelle. He accepted the President's award and he, he also talked about, you know, just how special these awards are. Let's take a listen. Each and every artist in here, every opportunity we get, every time we're on camera, on stage, we just keep chipping away at this monster of a machine. But tonight, man, tonight I feel invigorated because all my Netflix checks cleared.


I don't know anybody any work right now. Every time you see me, just know I'm only up there because I want to be right up there. That's important to say. That's amazing. That's because I, because he don't have to be nowhere that he don't wants to, that he doesn't wanna be. So if he's there, it's 'cause he wants to be there. A hundred percent. Now the, the Wayans family, so Marlon Damon, there was a, a ton of the Williams family out at the NAACP Image Awards. They were inducted into the Hall of Fame and they spoke as well too. And a, a lot of what they were talking about was like really just a, a big nod to their brother Keenan Williams. Let's take a listen to the Williams Brothers On May 5th, 1965.


My brother Keenan and Ivory. And I watched Young Richard Pryor make his television debut on the Ed Sullivan Show. Richard was animated and hilarious with very clean comedy routine. While I was seeing a funny comedian, Keenan was seeing his future. Keenan told ma he's leaving college to go be a comedian. My mother said, a comedian boy, I've known you your whole life. You ain't never said nothing funny. Needless to say, my family was over the moon when Keenan first got his standup appearance on Johnny Carson. We all watched on a black and white TV from that day on me as a child. I sat there And I was like, wow, you mean not only can you dream, but you can make your dreams come true.


Man. Drop on the cruise bombs for the Wayne family. The Waynes family is a dynasty. One of the greatest family dynasties we've ever seen in entertainment. Yes. I didn't see, I, you know, I did catch that part too. I didn't see Keenan up there. I didn't see Keenan AAN up there. No, I, I don't, no, I don't believe I saw Sean, but I know Kenan wasn't there. But because but they were, when they were presenting the award, everything was like to him and they were talking about how they wouldn't literally wouldn't be there if it wasn't for him, but he wasn't there. Mm. But yeah, and their sister was there as well too. They also had Damon w Jr. Junior was there. They just, I don't know. They're just, it's like generations of iconic. It's legacy. Legacy, legacy, legacy. Natural talent. I love it. Yeah. Yes. Now, another moment that happened last night, Carrie Washington was accepting an award for the six Triple eight.


And she gave a thank you speech and, and she thought she forgot a little something. Let's take a listen to her thank you speech as she accepted her award. I wanna thank the fans. I wanna thank my yes, I wanna thank my family, my husband, my children, my parents. I wanna thank Netflix. I wanna thank Tyler Perry and Nicole Vaughn. I wanna thank our beautiful award-winning best cast ensemble. I, And I want to most importantly thank the women of the six triple eight, the 855 women of the six Triple eight, who proved to us how extraordinary black women are. How extraordinary we have always been Now in this award.


And I wanna say it was a big night for the six aaa. They took home a few awards and, and right then and there we were listening to her win Outstanding actress and a motion picture. But they also took home outstanding ensemble cast in a motion, motion picture too. She thought that she forgot to think Tyler Perry. And you guys heard her think Tyler Perry, she came back out during someone else's segment to make sure she got it in. Let's take a listen to that. I did not think Tyler Perry. I did. You did? Yes. That's funny. Yeah, no. People were like, wait, you did, you got it. Tyler Perry reacted to this and he basically said, you know, he was moved to tears. He can honestly tell that, you know, he, he didn't really know what he would be giving in his life, but he knows he did something good and he's getting it back in return.


People was like, she wanna make sure she keep getting that Tyler Perry check You God damn right. Tyler wrote three movies for her right after that. Right after she gave that other thank you. He wrote three more movies for her. Right. I'm Sure. And last but not least, VP or or former v VP Kamala Harris was there. She received the chairman's award. Let's take a listen to her. I thank everyone here for your tireless advocacy. The World is constantly changing. If's up to you to decide how to respond.


Choose to be bold to try something new. Choose to reinvent yourself. That's what Nissan did with the all new totally reimagined kicks. The dynamic new exterior styling immediately announces that Nissan isn't messing around the interior. A completely redesigned cabin with premium features like wireless Apple called Play in a panoramic moonroof make driving a kicks immersive and exciting. And with new performance and safety features like intelligent All-wheel drive, the kicks is both fun and safer to drive than ever before. It is the dawning of a brand new era for the Nissan Kicks. Only one question remains. Is it a new era for you as well? Drive the all new reimagined Nissan Kicks today. Available Features compatible device service and consumer activation of Nissan Connect Services. Package required use only when safe and legal subject to third party service availability for more information, see Nissan usa.com/connect/legal. Apple CarPlay is a trademark of Apple Link. Intelligent All-wheel drive cannot prevent collisions or provide enhanced traction in all conditions. Always monitor traffic and weather conditions.


At and t has a new guarantee because most things in life are not guaranteed. Like actually getting the rental call you requested or your wedding turning out just like you dreamed it would. And someone making another pot of coffee in the break room after drinking the last drop of the last one. Yeah, don't get me started. Not guaranteed. In The World where nothing is guaranteed at and t is bringing something new to the table At t is introducing a guarantee with connectivity, you depend on deals you want and service you deserve or they make it right. So if you wanna know more about the at t guarantee, head to att.com/guarantee. At t connecting changes everything, terms and conditions apply. Visit att.com/guarantee for details.


Ready to celebrate the magic of Live Music South by Southwest Music Festival returns to Austin, Texas this March 10th through the 15th with a fresh lineup of legendary and rising talent. Join a global community of music lovers, artists, industry professionals and creatives at the 2025 South by Southwest Music Festival. With hundreds of showcasing artists performing across six days and over 50 venues. Discovery is right around the corner at South by Southwest. Explore the


lineup@sxsw.com. Hey fam, if you're like me, you are thinking about how to level up in your career. Maybe you're fresh out of college, just starting in your field or even looking to switch things up and find your true calling. Whatever stage you're in, remember that this is your time to grow, to learn, and to build something that lasts. State Farm understands that early career development is key to long-term success. They've been a steady presence in our communities and they know that having the right support early on can make all the difference. State Farm is there to help you make smart moves and to help you get the coverage you need. We all know that the journey to success is a marathon, not a sprint. It's about staying focused, staying grounded, and making sure you're protected every step of the way. Let's build our careers with confidence, knowing that State Farm is there to support us just like they've always been because like a good neighbor, a State Farm is there. Find out more at State Farm dot com


And for your years of support. As everyone here may know, I grew up inspired by the work of the N-A-A-C-P seeking to always live by the words of a distinguished N-A-A-C-P founder, WEB Du Bois, when he said it is today that our best work can be done and not some future day or future year. And this sense of urgency is what we must have today. What we are up against in this chapter in our American story, this chapter will be written not simply by whoever occupies the Oval Office, nor by the wealthiest among us.


The American story will be written by you. Yeah. So last night was all a bunch of that. It felt Emini here. Not last night, I'm sorry. Saturday night was a, was a all a bunch of what we just heard it, it felt like a big hug, a big family reunion. They honor Quincy Jones and a lot of other people in, in memory as well too. They had like a little music segment for, for him it was a fire show. Like I thought that this was a really great year production wise for the Image awards and people. That's dope. People popped out. The people popped out for them as well too. So That's dope. Well salute to BET salute to the NAACP Image Awards. It was on BET, right? I saw it on, Yes. I watched TV Laying TV won or something like that. We saw a Bunch of Things. I watch it on BE T's app. Yeah. So yeah. Salute to BET. And, and I'm glad I'm I'm, I'm glad people are showing up.


I'm glad people are showing out And I it's a great thing. I was saying the mail artist Chris Brown. Gotta make sure I mention that for Jess. That's right. Yeah. It was, it was a good night. And I'm glad, I'm Glad it start showing up to the NAACP image awards. 'cause you ain't gonna have nothing else in a minute. I'm telling you right now, Negro. You telling ain't ain't You Better do exactly what Kara Washington did. She, she interrupted a live segment to bring Tyler Perry to cheer. That's right. Give your people their flowers. And Charlotte didn't your one one of your podcasts win NAACP Award? Oh, native Land, right? Native Land, yeah. Yeah. Flew to the Native Land podcast, dropping a cruise bond for the Native Land Podcast. Angela Andrew Gilli and Tiffany Cross. They won. They won. Don't gimme the line. But they wanted, they won Award. I was coming back on stage to make sure we, we we shouted them out. I know that's right.


Envy. That's right. And SLU Carey Champion the Naked Podcast. She was nominated as well as r and b Money with tanking Jay Valentine. They were nominated as well. So make sure you subscribe to all those podcasts on the Black Fact iHeartRadio Podcast Network as well as Reason Choice Media for Angela Ride. Tiffany Crosson, Andrew Gilham, and as we Wrap the Native Land podcast, won outstanding podcast and news and Informa News and information. There you go. There you go. Go back to them. And we're wrapping it up now and they waving his Finger. All right, when we come back, we got front page news. Then Attorney Joe Tcoa, he's the defense attorney in the ASAP Rocky case. He was defending ASAP Rocky. He also represented people like Donald J. Trump, Michael Jackson, a Rod Meek Mill, just to name a few. He's gonna be joining us. Great conversation.


It's The Breakfast Club. Good morning, Wake up. Wake up. You're locked into The Breakfast Club. Morning everybody. It's DJ Envy. Jess. Hilarious. Charlamagne the guy. We are The Breakfast Club. Lauren LaRosa filling in for Jess. And let's get in some front page news. What up Morgan? What's up? Envy, Charlamagne and Lauren, let's get back into it. Okay, so the White House says that the Ukraine War could end as soon as this week. That's good news, right? Speaking to reporters on Saturday Press Secretary Caroline Levitt said, the president is very confident he can get the deal done this week. And they're focused on negotiations. A change in tone from last week where Trump suggested Ukraine is responsible for Russia's invasion. And then when Zelensky wondered why he wasn't asked to attend us, Russias peace talks in Saudi Arabia.


Trump called Zelensky on social media, a dictator without election. So on Friday, a reporter asked Trump if he thought Putin was a dictator, and here's what he had to say. I think that President Putin and President Zelinsky are gonna have to get together because you know what? We wanna stop killing millions of people. I wanna see a ceasefire And I wanna get the deal done. I think we have a, a chance to get the deal done. So more on this Ukraine's That Was his answer to the Putin is a dictator question. Yes, it is. That was his answer to the is So he just deflected That's what he said. Yes, he did. He Didn't answer it. Okay. Pretty much. So more on this Ukraine's President Vladimir Zelensky says he's ready to step down if it brings peace to his country.


The Ukraine president made the offer at a news conference on Sunday saying, if it is peace for you Ukraine, and you really want me to leave my post, I'm ready now. He said he would be willingly, he's, he would willingly trade his position for immediate NATO membership. So if Zelensky steps down, that means that Ukraine will then become a member of nato. So we'll keep We'll yeah, continue to watch that situation and, and see what happens with that. Another presidential news, the president is supposed to be meeting with French president Emmanuel Macron later this week at the White House. Switching gears, a former Army chief of staff says, president Trump's firing of the Chairman of Joint Chiefs of staff is tremendously destabilizing to the US military General.


Charles Brown Jr. Was fired on Friday night, and a move critics say was an effort by Trump to get rid of the diversity initiatives in the US military. Appearing on ABC's this week, retired general George Casey warned of the danger of sudden senior personnel changes, especially those who lead our military. Let's take a listen to retired general George Casey's comments. When you remove so many senior leaders, especially without justifying and, and giving due cause, it creates huge uncertainty in the ranks. That's extremely destabilizing at, at a time. That's a lot going on domestically and a lot going on a abroad. What do you guys think about that Emini here? I I, it's interesting with these conversations, right, because what I don't understand is if they are saying DEI means that a lot of people who lack experience are getting these positions.


How are you firing actual experienced people but replacing them with people with less experience? I'm not sure that they're even necessarily being Yeah, well, yeah, I guess they would be replaced. But you know, how do Yeah, I don't have, I just don't understand how you justify that. If like, like how do you justify getting rid of, you know, him? It's, it's, it's, it's inter I don't know. I don't think you can, I really don't think you can justify it. Even if you're saying it's for the purse. If it's, you know, it's a bigger thing and it's a matter of, you know, this, this, this tax cuts and all of these things. That's one of those, that's one of those personnels that you, you can't justify cutting, you know, find, find it somewhere else. Find, find the coin somewhere else, guys. Yeah. And when you General Charles Brown, that, that's it, right? Like you just retired at this point?


Yeah, pretty much. Yeah, pretty much. Yeah. Emini here, come on. Vacation, I guess, I don't know, but All right, let me bring things home to you guys in New York. The drama does continue. New York City Mayor Eric Adams, federal corruption trial is officially being delayed indefinitely. So a federal judge overseeing the case is considering a request by the Justice Department to drop the charges against Adams. This is the first update on Adam's case since the judge held a hearing on Wednesday. On Thursday, New York Governor Kathy Hoku announced that she's putting limits on his power rather than remove him from office. Now, Hokus decision comes after allegations that Adams made a deal to cooperate with Trump's immigration policies in exchange for the Department of Justice order to drop the federal case against him.


Now, Holle told CCB CBS faced the nation. She doesn't wanna undermine the will of the voters who elected Adams. Despite the outrage over the Justice Department ordering his corruption charges to be dismissed, she said she will, she'll resist any attempt by President Trump's administration to influence politics in New York City. Let's hear more from New York. Governor Kathy Kel. We are not allowing the Trump administration to interfere in the operations of our city. But I will always stand on the fact that we are a nation of laws and one individual, the governor of New York should not use her voice and her will to override the will of the voters. We have an election in a few months for, in a primary, I'm gonna let the voters decide, but I'm also gonna be very cognizant.


I need to keep an eye on this situation. So, yeah. Didn't Eric Adams just recently Sue Trump after, after all that Denise Su for like $80 million or something like that? Yes. The $80 million that the, that I, I guess wanna say they took a, took, it was already a part of the New York budget, but it was taken and yes. So Mayor Eric Adams is suing for that. There's not too many other updates outside of the fact that he has filed the lawsuit. But yeah, so Coco, she says she, she said she would rather allow this year's mayoral election to play out, which the primary election for you guys in New York is June 23rd, 2025. So, I'm sorry, June 24th. Primary election day in New York is June 24th. So you guys make sure you exercise your, your right to vote.


Critics say that this order is part of a quid pro quo for Adam's co cooperation with the Trump administration on immigration. I'm, I really thought that we were gonna be kind of done with this story once, you know, Hoko said she was just gonna limit his, his his power. And, but you know, it does seem that it, it's a, it's a lot going on up there. So yeah, I, I'll keep you posted. So that's your front page news. I'm Morgan Wood, follow me on social at Morgan Media. And for more news coverage, follow at Black Information Network. Download the free iHeartRadio app and visit BIN news.com. One more thing guys, we are watching situation out of Rome in the Vatican. The Pope is in grave condition right now. So I'll keep you guys posted on that as well. Alright, Thank you so much, Morgan. Thank you.


Alright. Now If you, if you pray for the Pope, you know, is that more powerful than the prayers he could do for himself? Oh, I'm just asking. I don't know. I don't know. But that is front page news. I do have a question before we go into our next guest. Charlamagne, did you go to Red Lobster this weekend? I know you said you was gonna go. I did. I went Saturday. How was it? I I it was actually all right. I went there And I went there to get some Red Lobster to go. I had the lobster roll. The lobster roll was actually busting, but I was high. So I don't know. I, I'm be honest, I, I had actually had two things. I, I got the lobster shrimp pasta with marinara sauce And I had the lobster roll and the lobster roll Emini here. Both of 'em was, was good, but the lobster roll was really good.


'cause I ate that later when I was high. Oh my God. Okay. All right. I gotta try some this week. All right, well thank you again, Morgan. Now when we come back, attorney Joe Taco Pina will be joining us. You know him. He's a defense attorney for ASAP Rocky. He also rep represented celebrities like Donald Trump, Michael Jackson, Arod, meek Mill, YG Swiss Beats, Foxy Brown, Neo, just to name a few. And we're gonna talk to him next. So don't go anywhere as The Breakfast Club. Good morning, The Breakfast Club. Morning Everybody. It's DJ Envy, Jess, hilarious Charlamagne, the guy. We are The Breakfast Club Lauren LaRosa filling in for just, we got a special guest in the building, ASAP Joe. He has represented Aron, mj, meek, the Washington Commanders, Donald Trump, Foxy Brown, Neo Swiss Beats, and of course, ASAP Rocky.


Ladies and gentlemen, we have attorney Joe Taco Pina. How you feeling this morning? Tired, but really good. Really good. It was a five week war, but I've never been happier Emini here. Those two people, when I say those two people, Rocky re Rihanna, are just such great people. I've gotten to know them over three years. Really? Well, I've babysat for one of the kids, one during her Super Bowl performance. Wow. They're just good people. They're really for real good people. You know, you just listed a bunch of people I've represented. Rocky stands out really as a terrific guy. Yeah, really. You know what's interesting though, people always, when they, when we see these cases, they always wonder how the client is doing. Right? Like, how is asap? But I would think it's just as more mentally and emotionally draining for you as an attorney.


You, you hit it, man. Emini here. Because look, obviously they have the stress of, of the unknown, right? Yeah. What's gonna happen? It was, it was, it was a lot for me. But of course, you know, they, they suffer in a different way. Because one day re Rihanna brought the babies to court and people were thinking it was a ploy, like some sort of maneuver to get the jury to feel sympathy. Jury's not feeling sympathy. They know he has a wife and kids she brought to court because that could have been the last time he'd seen his kids for a decade or more. Wow. A day. Wow. I didn't Even think about that. Yeah. That's why she brought them. And people, a prosecutor made a big deal of it in his summation, which I thought was a fatal mistake, quite frankly. But, And what gave you the confidence that when they offered you that deal, you said f that because The World was like, he's facing 24, he's six, you only have to do six months and just three months in community service.


You a black man in America. First thing I said, I was like, man, do I take the deal? I was thinking, take the deal. And I thinking, say, I'm thinking it's la they're gonna let him go in a day anyway. 'cause the, the, the jails are overpopulated. So what gave you the confidence to be like, Emini here? Obviously you guys won, but you weren't scanning and be like, well, maybe we should just take this deal. And Whose idea was it To not take the deal? Yeah, Rocky And I had a one minute conversation. Literally one minute, Rocky, the off. I don't wanna do, what do you think? Let's go. Ooh, Emini here. Love That. So you didn't even think about it. Like you, We thought about for a second and then, but he, it required him to plead guilty to something I didn't do. Right. Required him to say, I'm guilty of a, you know, assault with a semi toma weapon. Seven years suspended sentence. Right? Which means he's under their thumb for seven years, five years probation.


So if he crossed against the red, they could take him back. Hmm. Yeah. It's six months, which means three months. But it, it was a career ender for him. It really Was. He'll lose deals and stuff. Oh, Gucci was gone. Emini here. I've been dealing with Gucci for two years on Gucci, Puma, you know, all his shows. He couldn't travel outta the country with a felony conviction. Emini here. It would've, it it is a life changer for him. And more importantly, he maintained his innocence from the minute I met him three years ago. Maintained his innocence. So it was, it was a, you know, it was really a quick decision. Yeah. People like, God, this guy has onions doing that kind of stuff. Right. How do you do that? But I also felt very confident. I know that there's like discovery, so you get to see like what the other side has. So that helps you like craft your defense and stuff like that. But at what point did you guys have everything?


Like you knew everything up front? Or did were things added as things were going, were like, you ever got nervous? Like, Hmm. They try to trick it. They thrown in. Oh, what about this? We forgot about the show, about This. We picked the jury. They, they came with a ballistics report that had been done a year and a half ago and they said, oh, we just found this. Now we, we missed it. So I'm like, are you kidding me? Right. And like that kind of, those games happened throughout the trial, but, you know, whatever. I'm used to that kind of stuff and didn't phase I, I, look, I knew we had a defense. My defense was to eviscerate this asap rally this, this absolute pathological liar. And I eviscerate him in a way that, you know, I told this jury, I said, you guys had a front row seat. The history. 'cause you just witnessed the worst witness in the history of American jurisprudence.


Jesus Emini here, he imploded. Like I, and by the way, you know, I'm considered, you know, top cross examiner. Anyone could have done, you know, you could have cross examined him. Emini here. Really it was that the guy was, was his worst enemy. Have You ever met a man that couldn't rat? Right? You couldn't even rat. Right? That guy could a rat. Right, right. Emini here. He, he cursed in A courtroom with a judge, a jury. He cursed to the jury. He told the jury, yeah, I lied because I didn't want to answer this guy's question anymore. He is annoying me. He Said, you were annoying. Yeah. I like, oh Man, sorry. I don't mean to anno. You just want your $30 million and you wanna just leave. You don't wanna answer questions. Like, like he sued for $30 million of knuckle scrapes. This guy's a clown. And and he's a liar. He's a mid liar. He's admitted perjure.


He lied at least to this jury 20 times. Mm. And was caught committing perjury. I caught him in multiple, at one point during this summation, I said, oh, this next one's my favorite. This is a perjury miniseries. Because he lied. Maybe this movie series. It was crazy. It Was, it was, it was, it was like this series of lies about whether he shot a gun before November 6th, 2, 20, 21, the day of the incident. Wow. Is it true that the police searched the area? Didn't find no shell caves, but then all of a sudden he came with him. Stupid story. So he's claiming Rocky Shot two pops him and Rocky did shoot two from a, a prop gun as star his whole story as to why he had that. But if he shot two shots from a real nine millimeter, 10 minutes, seven cops came within 10 minutes with searchlights. Those flashlights, they have body cam, thank God they searched the exact spot where this incident happened.


Seven cops, 20 minutes. That's 140 minutes of manpower. And they're looking, they find nothing, nothing. No evidence of a shooting no broken. There's a parking lot right next to it. No cars that were ding, nothing ding. He claims he comes back an hour and 45 minutes later, goes to the exact same spot. The cops were searching, bends down and finds the two shell casing Emini here. So what happens now? 'cause I know you mentioned when you walked out the court, you want them to pursue him for perjury charges. Yeah. I, I, I want them to, they should Emini here. The district attorney's office was and should be embarrassed by this guy Emini here. He absolutely played them like a fiddle. We had a tape, which he first, by the way, a tape of him and a mutual friend of Rocky Andre's. And he said that it was a recording.


And he, and when he heard the beginning of the recording, he realized what that was. He was like, oh, that's fake. Get that away from me. That's fake. It's not my voice. It's, it's, it's ai. It's like, that's fake. It's ai. So then I had to call the poor guy who made the recording in Wally, because Wally, so yeah, that's from Paris. He was in Paris's. Poor guy. So that's my voice. That's really's voice. He said this stuff, I know nothing about this case, but yes, I'm here authenticated tape. And on the tape what, what re's saying is, if he gives me 30 million, I'll disappear to an island and they'll never find me. The DA can never find me. And they can't prosecute their case. You know, it's like, you know, and this is his example, not mine. It's like, you know, when you, when you smack your, and she files, charges against you, if she doesn't show up, the case is way weaker than That's what He said on stand.


Oh, he said on the phone call. Oh, on the phone call. Yeah. So that's his, that's like where his mind goes to. But his thought was, I'm gonna disappear to an island. The DA will never find me. So I stood behind the two district attorneys And I was like, so they'll never find him like, like this. And they're just sitting there like slinking down their chairs. I'm like, he tried to sell his criminal case for $30 million. That's called extortion. So he should be prosecuted for extortion. He admitted perjury. He was caught other times committing perjury when he didn't admit it. This guy's a one man crime spree on the witness Stand alone. Well, what about this civil suit that rally filed when everything first started moving, it was the, it's a defamation suit against Rocky. No, it's an assault suit against Rocky Defamation Suit. Against Me. Against you? Yes. You me. No, there's, yeah, there's two of them.


So do you guy, are you now gonna submit to like file for dismissal? The Tall ones? Look, I'm, I'm, you know, that case is running its course. I, I'm dealing with it on my, you know, own with Rocky Rock's assault case, Emini here. That thing is on life support. Now, obviously, I can't imagine this guy ever wanting to get back on a witness stand again. He can't withstand it. Emini here, he was again, a horrible witness. Even there were people inside that courtroom, you know, who, who were there, who were part of this process, who said, how do they proceed with this guy? It makes no sense. Yeah. And, and they did. But we had a prosecutor who was hell bent on winning, not doing justice. Hell bent on winning. And when you have that, it's a dangerous thing because, you know, they have the weight of law enforcement behind them and, and, you know, prosecutor's job. And I used to be one, it's not solely to just secure a conviction to make sure you're doing right.


And when a witness continually lies on a witness stand and purge himself and you know that they are, you know, sometimes okay to take a step back and reevaluate. All right, we have more with Joe Taina when we come back. You know, he's the defense attorney for ASAP Rocky. He's represented celebrities like Donald J. Trump, Michael Jackson, a Rod, just to name a few. And we'll talk to him next. It's The Breakfast Club. Good morning. Morning everybody. It's DJ Envy, just hilarious. Charlamagne ne guy. We are The Breakfast Club, Lauren La Rosa, filling in for Jess. And we're still kicking in with attorney Joe tco. He's the defense attorney for ASAP Rocky. He also represented celebrities like Meek Mills, whi Beats, YG, Neo, Foxy Brown, Michael Jackson, Donald J. Trump. Now Charlemagne, The celebrity helper, hurt. And I, And I, And I, it's, it's kind of a little layered question, but like, you know, I asked the celebrity helper hurt in cases like this, because I know when you're a juror they'll ask you questions about Rocky, but did they ask the jurors about Rihanna?


You know, they were obsessed with, I loved it. Emini here. They were just so obsessed with Rihanna. I didn't make her part of this case. She wasn't part of the case. The jury knows who Rihanna is. They know who she's compared, you know, in relation to Rocky. They saw her there every day. So I didn't need to inject her into the case to make it like we were playing on her, her celebrity status on her. Quite frankly, I don't think jurors were gonna acquit him because oh, here's Rihanna. So let's, you know, be damned with the evidence. Let's just acquit him. But they were so obsessed with focusing on Rihanna. Oh, Rihanna, they don't, you know, the, you have to treat everyone equally. 'cause Rihanna's here, I was like, keep going man. Just keep going. Keep reminding them that Rihanna's here and, and talk about her. 'cause if I did that, it would look like I was, I was pandering. I don't think that mattered at all.


I honestly don't Emini here. I think they looked at the evidence Emini here. Look, if, if re turned out to be a great witness And I couldn't destroy him like I did, I don't think the jury would care if Rena was sitting there The first couple days though of the trial of it. She wasn't there. But then she came that Wednesday, right? I believe it was that Wednesday. Right. And we, yeah. Why did, why wasn't she there those first couple days? I, 'cause the kids were in New York with her because the LA fires were still going. Oh, okay. And they're very protective. Emini here. She's a mother hen. You know, she's really protective of those boys. And the air quality was really bad that first week of that trial. And my eyes were like, would walk outta court. I was staying downtown LA from, so I had a two block walk to my hotel and it was, it was pretty bad. You, you felt something. You smelled something. So I think it was an air quality issue and she kept the boys away and she doesn't go anywhere without those kids.


So she wasn't gonna leave them in New York and come here. So, but she, you know, we knew this was gonna be a long trial. Yeah. So she made it. I was gonna ask, you know, when you take a case, do you have to believe the person? I have to believe in the person. Ooh, okay. There's a difference. Break that down. Yeah. So I don't prejudge anyone. I'm not the judge during an execution. All right. I've represented people who have probably done what they've been accused of doing, but it doesn't mean they're bad people and don't deserve representation. If we all had our worst 10 minutes of our lives captured on video or something like that, I don't think we'd all be happy. Right. If I love a person or think they're really good people and they just made a mistake, I could deal with that. I'm not gonna suborn perjury, I'm not gonna make up a story, but I'll help them get through it. And that sometimes that means just mitigating the, the, the, the damage.


Right? Sometimes with, with Meek's case, for example, right? Meek committ the crime he led guilty to it. But this judge in Philly was obsessed with him and was, had him under probation for over 10 years. No one ever. He was a kid, he was a teenager when his crime was committed. 10 years later, he's still under probation. If he came to court with White Sox, boom, two more years probation, she wanted him under his thumb. She wanted him to make a record about her Emini here. It's like there was a, an issue going on there. So it wasn't like we were saying Meek was innocent, innocent. But he served his sentence and he was being abused by the system. And the district attorney came around and agreed with us. And eventually I got that dismissed. We resolved the case, and that judge was, was relocated to a civil park.


You a legend, Joe. Yeah. Did you, did you know that the free mc meal movement was gonna be as big as it was when you signed onto that? No, because it got, it grew so insanely. That was crazy. No, 'cause at first I didn't realize how big that was and how love that guy was, especially in Philly Emini here, he's like Rocky in Philly, right? And so I called Reverend Al, who I'm very close with, and, and Reverend I said, can you come to Philly with me and to visit him in jail and maybe, you know, make a stand here. This judge is really giving them once over and you know, I think I need your help on this one. And Reverend said to me, one thing, is he a good guy, Joe? Am I gonna get embarrassed to receiver guy said, no, no, Reverend, you will not get embarrassed here. It's worth it. He's a good guy. And more importantly, he's getting, he's getting run over by the system and he has the wherewithal, he has a voice.


You know, that means 99% of the people in that system in in Philly don't have that voice, don't have the wherewithal, and again, trampled on. And it's true, they reformed that whole probation system in Philadelphia because of Meek. In our case, it, it, it put a spotlight on it, you know, so it was an important case for a lot of reasons. So I take on these cases that I believe in. I've turned down a lot of cases, a lot of cases that could be lucrative or even very high profile. Harvey Weinstein was one. He'd try to hire me And I wouldn't, didn't Want. Why? Why, why not? Why is he, I told you that thing about having a bond with somebody. Yeah. Feeling like, you know, people have been charged some horrific things. But I liked, I could tell there, there was good inside of the, or I just had a good connection with them. You didn't feel that with him? No. No.


Did not feel with him. No. Did not feel that with him. Real quick, because that's interesting. You represented Donald Trump in the Stormy Yeah. Daniels case. Was there ever even a chance of you winning that? And I, and the reason I ask that is because not in Manhattan, it was politicized. You know what, Emini here? Yeah. It was politicized. It was all over the media. Everybody knew it was the target on Trump. Yep. Like they wanted to nail it. No doubt. That was not a case that would've been brought for anyone. And Emini here that whether, whatever your opinions are of Trump, I'm talking about the defendant. That case would never have been brought if it were not him. It was a case of first impression. And when, think about it, it was a settlement of a personal matter, right? An alleged affair consensual, nothing like going on. But, you know, she was basically trying to get money from him to keep it quiet.


He paid her, whether it happened or didn't happen is irrelevant. He paid her some money and of story, he didn't take a tax deduction on it. He didn't file it in his campaign thing. Emini here, he paid her personal money somehow they tried to make that into a false filing in his own records. So because he put payment legal fees or whatever in his internal records, the district attorney charged him when You, when you take a step back, right? And, and I'm sure people have asked you 1,000,001 times and you look at, for example, this Diddy case. Yeah. Would you do a lot of things different than his attorneys actually doing? Because it seems like they're already losing and it just, it doesn't make sense. What would you do different? Well, I wouldn't go out in the press and make pronouncements that are later disproved quickly because you, you sent them loose credibility Emini here, you, there was this whole thing, like this stupid baby oil thing, right?


Who cares, first Of all, how many Miles a baby goes should he had in his damn house, right? But that became like this battle line. And they went out and said, oh, you know, he just bought him in bulk at, at Costco right down the block from his house. And that's, that's why he has, it's so big. No big deal. He bought Baby Lo, first of all, it's a thousand bottle throw buys a thousand bottle of in bulk. But that was what he said, of course that then Costco then comes out with a statement. No, we've never sold baby lotion in our life. Jesus, we don't, not one Costco store ever sold baby lotion. So boom, now it looks like somebody's lying. You don't need that kind of stuff. Or the Cassie video too. And the they came out strong before the video dropped that, Right? Yeah. That was before he was charged though. Yeah. Now look, here's the thing with the Cassie video, that's horrible, cringe worthy, right?


You don't do that. You don't put your hand on a woman. I don't care what the story is, just I wouldn't anyway. Not how I grew up. Right? What does that have to do with these non-consensual freak off things? Freak off. Yeah. What did that part, what did that video have to do with that though? And, And I would say, well, and that's the one count of the trafficking. She's the one person in the trafficking count. Like what does that video have to do? Okay, maybe you should be charged with domestic violence in state court. But what does that have to do with a non-consensual freak off where people are being alleged to have non-consensual sex because they're drugged up and they're being gang or whatever. I don't see why that video was. So, of course that video has been played and showed and people think like, oh, he's guilty, but he's guilty of what?


Assault of a, a woman who was his girlfriend. That doesn't make me guilty of everything else. Now I don't know enough about the case. I was asked to take a look at the case as another case. I said I would not be interested really. I just wouldn't be. No, Same, same reason. Connection is, It's different a little bit. I represent Rock Nation, a lot of people from Rock. I'm very close with Jay and Desiree Perez, who's most amazing. Like, love him, Palm of a boss, Jay, love him, amazing. You know, Jay Brown. All those people are are just like, they really are special, special people. And they, you know, that's sort of family to me. And you know, I don't think they, they're sort of see Eye To eye on things. See eye to eye with p Did I Just wanna throw that out there because you know, remember everybody was saying that they were best friends. They were like Jay when, when Jay said they weren't friends, everybody was like Uhuh.


It's, they were in pictures together all the time. Oh, okay. Everyone was a picture with P did.


The World is constantly changing. It's up to you to decide how to respond. Choose to be bold to try something new. Choose to reinvent yourself. That's what Nissan did with the all new totally reimagined kicks. The dynamic new exterior styling immediately announces that Nissan isn't messing around the interior. A completely redesigned cabin with premium features like wireless Apple Call play in a panoramic moonroof make driving a kicks immersive and exciting. And with new performance and safety features, like intelligent All-wheel drive, the kicks is both fun and safer to drive than ever before. It is the dawning of a brand new era for the Nissan Kicks. Only one question remains. Is it a new era for you as well? Drive the all new Reimagined Nissan Kicks today. Available Features compatible device service and consumer activation of Nissan Connect Services. Package required use only when safe and legal subject to third party service availability For more information, see Nissan usa.com/connect/legal Apple CarPlay is a trademark of Apple Link. Intelligent all-wheel drive cannot prevent collisions or provide enhanced traction in all conditions. Always monitor traffic and weather conditions.


Ready to celebrate the magic of Live Music South by Southwest Music Festival returns to Austin, Texas this March 10th through the 15th with a fresh lineup of legendary and rising talent. Join a global community of music lovers, artists, industry professionals and creatives at the 2025 South by Southwest Music Festival. With hundreds of showcasing artists performing across six days in over 50 venues. Discovery is right around the corner at South by Southwest. Explore the lineup@sxsw.com.


Hey fam, this is Carlos Miller from the 85 South Show. If you're like me, you are always thinking about how to level up your career. Maybe you're fresh outta college, just starting in your field or even looking to switch things up and find your true calling. Whatever stage you're in, remember that this is your time to grow, to learn, and to build something that lasts. State Farm understands that early career development is key to long-term success. They've been a steady presence in our community and they know having the right support early can make all the difference. State Farm is there to help you make smart moves and to help you get the coverage you need. We all know that the journey to success is a marathon, not a sprint. It's all about staying focused, staying grounded, and making sure you're protected every step of the way. Let's build our careers with confidence, knowing that State Farm is there to support us just like they've always been, because like a good neighbor, State Farm is there. Find out more at State Farm dot com.


Have you seen this new commercial from standup to all Hate? It's Snoop Dogg and Tom Brady spewing hate at each other. But when you really listen to them, the reasons are just so stupid. This one really stopped me. It's a strong reminder that hate in our country continues to be out of control. So join us at The Breakfast Club and standing up to it, if you see hate speak up, call it out and learn more by following at what's up with hate. At one time or another, I went to a party, but when things got real years and years ago, It didn't see eye to eye. All right, we have more with defensive attorney Joe Taino. When we come back, it's The Breakfast Club. Good morning. Morning everybody. It's DJ Envy, just hilarious. Charlamagne the guy.


We are The Breakfast Club Lauren LaRosa filling in for Jess and we're still kicking it with defense attorney Joe Taina. He's the attorney for ASAP Rocky. He represented celebrities like Donald J. Trump, Michael Jackson, Arod, meek Mill, just to name a few. So we were asking you about Diddy earlier. Do you think he should have got a bail? And do you think he didn't get a bail? Yes, she should've got a bail. That I do. Break that down 'cause I said the same thing. People thought I was crazy. No, no, no. What what he was willing, first of all, there was another mistake I thought they made saying, oh, he'll have a a bra, ankle bracelet and stay in this mansion in Miami And monitor who comes in and out. Right? Case in New York, staying at a resort in Miami with a pool is not exactly really something I would offer up to a court. But I would've said, remember that guy DK asked the, the, the, the French guy who was charged here with the, of a maiden hotel, I forget his name, Dominic Rascon, his bail, he got bail.


And the reason he got bail was he said, I'll rent a place here in New York. I will stay inside. I'll have, I'll pay for security and I'll have a brace on. That's a concession. I think maybe if they had done that from the beginning, that may have been something that happened. You know, there's a presumption of innocence that we still have to not, you know, people have forgotten that in this country a lot. He is innocent right now. He did, he's innocent. Whatever you think of him or everyth, you think the, you know, the evidence would be no one's seen a minute of testimony yet. He's presumed innocent until, and unless the prosecution proves that case beyond a reasonable doubt, they may do it one day, but not today, and keep someone in jail for a year awaiting trial. They have to either be a, a flight risk or a danger to community, or they've done something so horrific like a murder.


Right? Where, you know, bail is not necessarily common. This is a, a, a case of having parties that got out of hand and, and there's allegations of, you know, sexual misconduct. So for Diddy, would you have advised him if you were, if you were his attorney, when Cassie first reached out to just, she was, My God, just Paid the money, listen To me, that was a legal train wreck. What happened with Diddy? Because this all could have been avoided. He had that case where with, with Cassie, right? And it was all about a civil case. There was no prosecutors involved. There was no FBI, nothing. They wanted a settlement. And you know, these lawyers said, you know, no, they were closed. No, but no. And they said, well, we're gonna file a lawsuit if you don't give us a settlement. And we're like, you know, go ahead then.


Bad, bad move. But it was an avalanche that came around him. And only reason it happened is because they didn't sell that case civilly. Because if that Cassie case was settled and went away, no would've heard anything, nothing. There were no other people coming after Diddy until that thing was filed. Right? But if so, if you're gonna settle, you settle before they filed the lawsuit, that that's what you're settling for, to prevent that public damage. Right. But you don't let them file it and then settle the day later. That's the worst of all worlds because then it's, it's admission. And then bam, You, you, you, you worked on the Michael Jackson case. Is it true that Johnny Cochrane told Michael Jackson once, don't settle with anybody? 'cause when you settle, you become a piggy man. Yep. Well, do you feel that way for, for all cases?


Not for all cases. I pig each cases is different, right? Like, you know, sometimes the settlement is a good thing, not because you did it or because you won admission. But take Diddy as an example. Sometimes the settlement will save more money than you could ever imagine later. And more heartache. Well, he actually did it. I'm talking about people who, 'cause I've seen cases where people would settle just because they don't want the bad press nuisance and they don't want to end up spending a whole bunch of money in court for the next four or five years. 20%. I've represented some very, very famous people without the case ever becoming public that have settled because it's not worth it. People do settle all the time what's called a nuisance settlement, just to make sure that they don't wind up on the front page of the New York post TZ.


And you know, on the breakfast level, I just saw, just now that it's at, Rocky was named the first ever creative director of Ray Band. Yeah, I remember after the case happened, you talked about telling Gucci to hold off on the Gucci guilty Gucci. Which is an amazing scent by the way. I know, but I know. But for me, when I heard you talk about that, and I'm seeing this now, I think about, even though he was proven innocent, were there people who walked away like in the midst of this? No, everybody. So I was dealing with all of them. And I Emini here was I was like on conference call of conference call, Gucci, Puma, all these different brands who worked with Rocky, who wanted to know what was going on, giving them updates. And I would tell them, we're gonna win. We're gonna win, we're gonna win.


But you gotta wait. Gucci guilty was my biggest heart attack 'cause of all things to be called the cologne. Gucci guilty. And, and they wanted to roll it out before Valentine's Day. And I'm like, that Would've been slow down, Milled the trial. I'm gonna be summing up on Valentine's Day. Can you do me a favor and just wait another week? They're like, what? It's Valentine's Day. I'm like, I don't care. They're called Gucci not guilty. How about that? Put a little knot in there and then let it roll. But you can't call Gucci guilty. So what they did was we compromised, they put the ad out with Rocky in it, holding the bottle of cologne. And there was no Gucci guilty. It was just the cologne and Rocky. But if you looked at the bottle, you had to get real close. It would say Gucci guilty on the bottle. But they didn't put those big letters. Now there's all the big letters and now I don't care. Right. I got so, so now I don't care.


But that was nuts. One of my favorite movies, devil's advocate. Keanu Ree. Yeah. You know Al Pacino. And you know, in that movie, Keanu Reese played a character named Kevin and he's representing somebody, but in the midst of representing him, he realizes, oh, guilty. Remember the dude? Yep. Have you ever been in a situation like that? Like in the midst of it? You like, wait a minute, I think this mother fucker actually did it. Yeah. Emini here. Yeah. Wasn't this case. Okay. Oh look, I've tried 120 jury trials and, and so, and again a chunk of those was the prosecutor. But there's been times where, you know, I believed in an instance And I saw some evidence halfway through. I was like, Hmm. But you know, at that point you're just fighting all. Yeah. All you can do at that point is if they don't wanna take a plea, you can just challenge the evidence, which is constitutionally what you have to do.


Right? Someone could be guilty but also be entitled to a not guilty verdict. And that sounds weird to people, but the reason that's true is because if the proof isn't there, if the prosecution has them met their burden to prove the case beyond a reasonable doubt, the person's entitled to a not guilty verdict. The community's entitled to a not guilty verdict. The system is entitled to a not guilty verdict. You know, we're not a perfect system, but you, what you definitely don't want is we start cutting corners for people we know are guilty. 'cause that's Richard Jewell. That's what starts happening. Oh, they're guilty. So we, you know, constitutional safeguards out, we can cheat a little bit here and there. That's when innocent people start getting clipped. And that to me is the worst thing that could ever happen when I'm representing people who are purely innocent. That that's the worst things for me because then I'm dealing with like a pressure that is just enormous.


And you know, if you don't win that case, you feel it's like burden for the rest of your life. If You know somebody's guilty and still represent 'em and win Does, is that more, isn't that a burden too though? No. No. 'cause that means the system worked. That means the system marked. It means the pro proof wasn't there. As long as I'm nots a warning, perjury, which I would never do, as long as I'm not making somebody say something that's not true. If someone's guilty And I think they're guilty, but they were found not guilty, that means the proof wasn't there. And we need that person found not guilty because it keeps the system strong, keeps all of us safe again, lowering the standard for the ones we know are guilty. That's when innocent people start getting convicted. And that's bad. So I can live with that as long as the system was put to the test and I've done my job.


It's is what it is. The worst thing is if you represent someone who's truly, truly innocent, you know, they're truly innocent and they're being either framed, set up or for whatever reason there's an agenda. You know, that's, that's the stuff that you lose sleep over. 'cause God forbid they're convicted Emini here. It's just like how do you deal with that? How Do you carry that with you For the rest of your life? So fortunately I've not had that happen. I'd represent a lot of innocent, truly innocent people. They've all been vindicated, thank God. Because if I had that happen, that would be something that would be very tough to go on with. Well we, we definitely gonna keep your number. 'cause if we see any cases that we don't understand, we might need to call to break some things down. Phil, he know I'm gonna call serious. How many time I called you before I got you on the Phone? That's right. Well it's ASAP Joe, Joe Taco Peanut. It's The Breakfast Club. Good morning. Let's get right to just with the mess You Music Is real.


Moore just don't do no lying. She don't nobody Worldwide On The Breakfast Club. She's the Lauren. Lauren And I got the mess. Talk to me. Okay y'all. So Attorney Busby, who is the attorney that has all of those civil suits against Diddy. Yep. He did have a civil suit in court that he amended to include Jay-Z, but that was voluntarily dismissed a few weeks ago. Now this over the weekend, I broke a story. If you guys are following me anywhere, Instagram, Twitter at Lauren la We break news and we are outside of The Breakfast Club.


I broke a story that the Committee of Grievances with it, which is like a ethics committee. Essentially they have denied attorney Busby's right to practice within the Southern district of New York. Now this is a huge problem because majority of the civil cases that he currently has on record against Diddy are in the southern district of New York. So if he is not able to move forward with them, they would either, he would have to file to be able to, to come in on these cases, pro Hack Vice and we'll talk about what that means. But it's a big issue. Now in response to this, when the news broke Attorney Busby posted something to his Instagram and what he posted was that it was a appellate division from something from the appellate division of the Supreme Court of the state of New York.


And this basically says that he does have a right to practice or he's, he has a mission in the New York State Court, but it's, it's, it's basically a jurisdiction thing. But he does not have permission. His permission to practice within the Southern District of New York has been denied. Mm. Now, like I mentioned, it's a big issue and because of that, the judge who's on a lot of those civil cases that you filed against Puff said to him, Hey, I think that you should try to right now come in on these cases against Sean Combs as Pro HAC Vice. And I told you guys that I would let you know what that meant. So Pro hack Vice is basically, so this is like on or four occasions.


So basically it's like him saying, Hey, I'm gonna be involved in these cases just solely this one time. But there may be other local attorneys or whoever that have, you know, they're barred in these jurisdictions to be able to move forward with this just because if not, it looks like, 'cause basically the committees, the committee who denied it, they were, they were basically not upset. But what they leaned on was the fact that in a lot of the other cases before the one that Jay-Z was involved in came to light, that there was no admission process, I guess properly done. Right. He had still continued to do whatever he was doing without submitting these things. And he had submitted the one, particularly for Jay-Z's case on January 29th. So they're basically telling him like, you're not following like these easy rules and protocols. So you, you can't, you can't work here anymore.


He's saying that this is not true and that, you know, he's crossed his T's and dotted his I so he's gonna be fine moving forward. So how is it not true? How can he come out and say it's, it, it it's not true? Well, what he specifically said is that he said he received many press inquiries over the weekend and he makes no efforts to respond. But he rather make a one-time general statement and let various entities use a statement as they see fit over the past week. He's got multiple in inquiries from friends and colleagues asking why he's not barred or why he's barred from practicing law in New York state and offering their assistance. He says that he wants to make it clear he's licensed to practice law in New York. He's in good standing with the state bar and have always been, although he prefers Texas, he's proud of the legal, legal work that he is doing in New York.


And he called all of the reports click bait. Now, I will say when I released this story, it was from an actual document, a court document that was from the grievances committee. And what I think he's gonna try and argue here, what he's gonna have to do to reverse this if he can, I don't even know if that's possible, is just show that there was some proof, I guess of him submitted these admissions. But I think right now, in my opinion, I'm not an attorney. What he's doing is he's like, he's he's using like technical terms to try and talk around the facts. The fact is, is that this committee is saying you didn't follow rules within the Southern District of New York. And that's a problem. And no, you cannot lead this like we need you to come in. So what Happens to all the people that he has that's suing? Did he, do they have to go to another, they have to find another attorney? No.


So what'll happen if the, from, from what I understand, if the pro hack vice thing does happen, he'll still be able to be involved but he just, he'll be working with more local attorneys that are actually okay in that jurisdiction. Got you. If not, I don't know what happens. I don't know how he litigates And I, if, if that does happen, I have no idea what happens then. Got you. But yeah, so it, that back and forth is happening right now. But also too with Puff right now over the weekend or this Monday, his team filed something that I thought was interesting. They filed, they, they're pushing back on the criminal side. They're saying that all of the evidence that the police, the prosecutor's office gathered in those raids need to be suppressed. Suppressed would mean that you can't use it in court.


And they're basically saying that the reason why this stuff should be suppressed is that in order to obtain the search warrants that they did, they're accusing the prosecutor's office of using witnesses that they basically knew weren't credible witnesses that they knew basically didn't have like really good grounds to stand on. They talk about Cassie particularly in saying that they now have proof that everything that the prosecutor's office said about her involvement on these tapes or whatever was consensual. So to use that to make it look anything but consensual to then get a search warrant, warrant is illegal. And they're saying that if it isn't suppressed, they wanna have a hearing to just look into the prosecutor's conduct of how they got the search warrant to get this information. So they're like, yo, we need to take a, And I think they're doing this because this other case just got dismissed on the other side. Right. So they're probably gonna try lean into that.


Well What happened to racism wasn't racism, wasn't it Racism last week? Yeah, it was racism last week. This week It is that they, they violated his, the, the, the way they got that, that they got the search warrant was incorrect. Emini here, he's gonna listen. He's fighting for his life. Yeah. He he's gonna try angle. Yeah. And he just recently had an attorney who backed off the case and said that, you know, I don't wanna be involved. It's not the lead attorney, it's not Mark Aglio was a, a different guy but he backed off and said he didn't wanna be involved anymore. So I don't know what's happening. But they said that was, What was that he was arguing about? Did You, did you check to see any sources about that? Lord I wanted to know why did he back up off the case his name? They said that Name. He was arguing with the, the, I guess the main attorney like him and the main attorney didn't get along and they were seeing differently. Was that what happened? That's what I read. So they're saying that there's been a power struggle.


Right. His name is Anthony Rico. He says that there's been a power struggle going on between him and lead attorney Mark Aglio for several months. And it finally came to a head. He said that, well Somebody gotta be the top and somebody gotta be the bottom baseball. There You go. Oh my god. Somebody verse Bottom Situation. That's right. That's How it go. You gotta play your position. You gotta know when to bid. Win to win. Now what? I never heard that. I know you heard that one. Charlamagne. I ain't never heard that in my life, but I've heard 'em all. But I ain't never heard. You gotta times you gotta know when to bid and win Tolin. I like that though. I know You do. You like that Daddy, look at you, You bench Linda. God you need To Relax. Party party. What's wrong with You? But yeah, coming, coming back to it though, I, I do wanna say that this whole thing with attorney Busby will, we will be watching.


'cause I'm very interested to see what will happen in this. And again, I'm not an attorney, but from what it seems, the Southern district of New York is tied to him right now because he Has the, the majority of the accusers Yeah. On did Side. Yeah. He's over, over a hundred accusers, civilly on the civil side. But again, remember it's Not looking good. He, the, the, the amended filing with Jay-Z that also had For Busby Yeah. For Busby. That also, you know, has something to do with Didi as well was voluntarily dismissed, which is a big, like there's a question mark when that happens with no settlement, it's like, woo, what are you admitting to hear what's happening? So Those would be interesting too, Lauren. I would love to hear what the criminal attorneys think of the civil attorneys and what Emini here by that is when you're trying to fight a criminal case, right? And you know you're putting together a jury a lot of times, not even, a lot of times in this situation it feel like the civil cases louder than his actual criminal cases because They're, they're, they're more descriptive.


They, they're out Of the box. We're learning more. We haven't heard nothing about the criminal side. Remember nothing that we don't, we don't, yeah, we don't know who's on the tapes. We don't know what, like we, we, we still don't know a lot about that. But, But you know, in surprisingly most times people wait like, and most attorneys will wait till after the criminal to start doing all the civil stuff 'cause they'll wait and see what, you know, what evidence they have or what they can use. It's weird that he, it seems like they're trying to get that money sooner than later, But no, yes, that's true. But that, that's, I I just wonder what criminal, what the criminal attorneys think of what's, what's going on civilly and how is that affecting their criminal case. And I will say Attorney Busby has been an attorney for some time. I'm not an attorney And I keep saying that because when I tell y'all this is a very beginner mistake. So I am very interested to see what, like how this plays out.


This is a very beginner mistake if he had just done this earlier, like put in the admissions and everything he was supposed to do, we wouldn't even be here right now having this conversation. So I am extremely interested to see how this plays out and it does not look good for those other civil suits if it doesn't play out well in his favor. Right. Alright, well that is just with the mess with Laura LaRosa. Charlemagne. Yes. So you giving that donkey too, man. Well, this morning we need the world's richest man, Elon Musk to come to the front of the congregation. We'd like to have a whirl with him. Please. Alright, We'll get to that. Next is The Breakfast Club. Good morning, Wake up. Wake up. You're locked into The Breakfast Club Ass. Charlamagne. Some donkey today just sold Themselves, been watching Charla Man's ready for it.


Donkey. I never heard donkey other day. What is it? Comic Donkey. Say it again. Charlamagne. I'm a donkey. Yes, You're a donkey. Donkey. Everything Charlamagne saying is true. Yes. Dark here today for Monday, February 24th goes to the richest man in The World, Elon Musk. Now I don't know who people voted for in 2024. Okay? Some of us voted for Vice President Kamala Harris. Some people clearly voted for the 47th President of the United States of America, Donald J. Trump. Some people voted for the green party, some people wrote in candidates. But I know one person folks didn't vote for. And that person is the richest man in The World. Elon Musk.


But for some reason Elon Musk who is an immigrant from South Africa, for some reason this man is in control of how the government spend this money. Not only is he in control of how the government spends his money, he's the reason that over 12,000 federal workers have been fired as part of the Trump's administration's broad effort to slash the federal workforce of 2.33 million people. How do you feel knowing that you are a federal worker who voted for Donald J. Trump and in his first 30 days you're out of a job. Elections do indeed have consequences and sadly because of a choice you made, you have to live unemployed with those consequences. It's amazing to me how they are just playing with people's lives though you can't just cut people's jobs indiscriminately.


Okay? For example, they fired hundreds of employees from the National Nuclear Security Administration. These are people who oversee the stockpile nuclear weapons. Okay? And then they realize, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait. We need these people. Okay? They tried to rehire them because their dismissal could jeopardize national security. Alright? Elon Musk and the Trump administration also fired employees who worked on the bird flu response. Okay? And they're trying to rehire them as well. It's a mess. And I personally don't understand how administration, how an administration can say they are America first, but they have a South African immigrant causing pain to so many Americans. That is not what they voted for. But this weekend on X of course Elon Musk suggested that workers could lose their jobs if they didn't respond to an email blast from the Office of Personnel Management asking for a list of five things they did in the past week.


I repeat, Elon Musk suggested that workers could lose their jobs if they didn't respond to an email blast from the Office of Personnel Management asking for a list of five things they did in the past week. I can't make this kind of stuff up. Let's go to NBC News for the report Police, What did you do last week? That's the question. Elon Musk and his Department of Government efficiency team insist all federal workers must answer in an email Musk adding on a social media platform X. That failure to respond will be taken as a resignation. Three sources till NBC News. Those emails were already being received by federal employees Saturday asking them to send five bullet points of what they accomplished last week.


But noting employees should not include classified information. The deadline for replying except for Monday at 11:59 PM Now listen, I have to give credit to Tulsi Gabbard and Cash Patel Tosi is the US Director of National Intelligence and Cash. Patel is the new FBI director. And they joined a growing list of department heads who have told their employees to ignore the request from Elon Musk and Doge because yes, why is anyone listening to him? Okay, not just those two individuals though. Secretary of State, Marco Rubio, secretary of Defense, Pete sef and Department of Homeland Security Chief Christie Nome. They've all told employees to disregard.


Okay, disregard that email because at some point someone with some sense has to reject the oligarchy. Alright? The billionaires don't run America working class. People do. And if you are an official in the government, you work for working class people because trust and belief, Americans will remember who caused in pain and there will be backlash at some point. Not to mention I believe that someone needs to check Donald Trump's to pay to make sure there isn't one of Elon Musk lyn's devices in there. Okay? Something isn't right. Alright? Elon has some sort of mind control over Donald Trump. And every time Donald Trump is in a press briefing, one simple question should come up. And that question is, who is the real president of the United States of America?


Every time he's in a press briefing, when one of y'all get an opportunity to answer, to ask a question, y'all should ask that every single time because we know who it is on paper. But who's really calling the shots? Elon and Trump are giving record label owner artist vibes. Okay? Watching Elon, you know, stand next to Trump is like watching Birdman stand next to Wayne back in the day. It's like watching Diddy stand next to big back in the day. It's like watching Yo Gotti and Gorilla. Now, no matter how hot the artist is, you can clearly see who's in charge. Now here's the reason Elon Musk absolutely deserves this. Hee-haw. Okay? This man said on yesterday that he was just eager to see who had a pulse and two working neurons amid the claims that some government employees are barely working are checking their emails.


Can you imagine if you worked in government and you are in charge of things that could put this country's national security at risk? You are in charge of containing diseases that could kill millions of people and you have an unelected immigrant from another country playing with you on a weekend. We have to start putting some things in perspective. And one thing we need to put in perspective is we are post America. Okay? We are post constitution. This isn't about Republican or Democrat, this is about democracy and no democracy. And I don't know what the political solution is to this problem because we aren't dealing with the democracy that we once knew. And until we the people identify and realize what game is actually being played at our expense, we will continue to lose.


Please give the oligarch in chief Elon Musk the biggest hee-haw. All right, well thank you for that donkey today. That's so sad. All right, well let's open up the phone lines (800) 585-1051. This will probably sit with charlamagne well 'cause we're talking a little bit of ugly. Now this conversation comes from a gorilla lyric. So we're asking 805 8 5 1 0 5 1. Ladies, do you like your men with a little bit of ugly, You just heard gorilla say she do you know, first of all, beauty is in the eye to behold the always remember that beauty is subjective.


That's number one. Ugly guy would say that. And there, there's, there's nothing wrong with being medium ugly. Okay? I, I've been medium ugly my whole life and this worked very well for me. Alright, Well let's open up the phone lines (800) 585-1051. Do you like your man with a little bit of ugly Love? A medium ugly, a little smugly like Smuggling Ain. Nothing wrong with that Char man, you not medium ugly though. You, you like well done ugly. Jesus. That's not true. I just want you to Know. Well let's take your phone Poll your mama Don't even believe that. Oh, tell the truth. What? Go ahead and tell the truth. Tell the truth. Shame the devil. One time We doing, we Come back. What's your mama say? 800. Tell me what your mama say, Lord. 5 8 5 1 0 5 1. Don't say nothing. We'll do it when we come back.


All right. Do you like it man? With a little bit of ugly. We'll take your calls when we come back. It's the breakfast slow. Good morning. Pull, pull out your, pull out your phone. Call in right now. Call me. Add your opinion to The Breakfast Club topic. Break it down. 805 8 5 1 0 5 1. The Breakfast Club. Daddy. Call my phone. Call my phone. It's topic time. Call (800) 585-1051 to join into the discussion with The Breakfast Club. Morning everybody. It's DJ Envy. Just hilarious. Charlamagne the guy. We are The Breakfast Club. Lauren LaRosa filling in for Jess. Now if you're just joining us, we're talking about this gorilla line.


All right, gorilla said this, this line and it was trending all weekend. So we're asking 805 8 5 1 0 5 1. Ladies, do you like your man with a little bit of ugly now? Lauren? Yes. You said yes. Yeah I do. They they adore you. I told y'all that before They adore you a different way. You know what I'm saying? Because it's like they still have that PTSD of being like their whole ugly self and then like they kind of got a little cute. So they get a little play now. So they know how to maneuver. But they, they adore you 'cause they just, they happy to be there Now. Right before break, Charlemagne was talking that your, your mother said that he was handsome. My mom Said he was smart. Okay, so that says a lie. She complimented your brain, so not your Beauty. Now who in your family said he was Your mom actually said I was smart and handsome first of all.


Yeah, My mom smokes a lot of marijuana. Well hold on, But who in your family said Charlemagne was? My grandmother thinks that Charlemagne is the how old? How old is my grandmother is eight. She'll be 87 this year. Okay. Does she drive by herself? Yeah. Oh no. My grandma is, yeah, she Outside. Well see. Does she wear glasses? Yes. Did she had glasses when she seen Charlemagne? You Know what, what? She might have had 'em off. See exactly. I'm, I'm fully aware that, you know, I am nineties rom fine. So being that I am nineties rom fine, I represent for all the baldhead, you know, melanated brothers who were in all those movies in the nineties. And that, that's a certain generation that appreciates that level of handsome. See Lauren, your generation don't use words like handsome no more. Nope. Y'all say fine S word.


I can't Say it. You know what I'm saying? Like, y'all, You my fine s Handsome, handsome is like the, the finest of cognacs. Like the, the the most, the most Oh vintage. The most vintage of Cause like when you say something is handsome, that's a different level of beauty. And I represent for all the handsome brothers out there, the nineties rom confine brothers. Okay. And I wanna say something else. Some of y'all women media mug too, but you don't know it. Okay? But you know, actually you do know it. You know it. When you go home and you take off that wig, you know it when you go home and you take off that makeup, you know it when you wake up in the morning. Okay? I was fresh face on Friday And I Why are you shooting at these women this morning? Yeah, Because 'cause we, no, I think he trying to be funny. He Talking to you. First of all, I'm not talking about you, Laura.


Oh, I Know you not. Okay. I'm just saying that a lot of women are medium ugly underneath it all. Okay? And, and some of you guys is, is is more than medium ugly. When y'all get that Beijing out your bed, Watch your mouth. Let's go to the phone line. I don't use Beijing By The way. Yeah, because yeah, he don't got no face on Zoom this morning. His ugly face ain't on Zoom. He was two toed before. Hello, who's This? Hi, it's Rachel. Hey Rachel. Good morning. Good Morning. Do you like it man? With a little bit of ugly. I do. I love my mental Ugly.


The World is constantly changing. It's up to you to decide how to respond. Choose to be bold to try something new. Choose to reinvent yourself. That's what Nissan did with the all new totally reimagined kicks. The dynamic new exterior styling immediately announces that Nissan isn't messing around the interior. A completely redesigned cabin with premium features like wireless Apple call play and a panoramic moonroof make driving a kicks immersive and exciting. And with new performance and safety features, like intelligent all wheel drive, the kicks is both fun and safer to drive than ever before. It is the dawning of a brand new era for the new Nissan Kicks. Only one question remains. Is it a new error for you as well? Drive the all new Reimagined Nissan Kicks today. Available Features compatible device service and consumer activation of Nissan Connect Services. Package required use only when safe and legal subject to third party service availability For more information, see Nissan usa.com/connect/legal Apple CarPlay is a trademark of Apple Link. Intelligent all wheel drive cannot prevent collisions or provide enhanced traction in all conditions. Always monitor traffic and weather conditions.


Ready to celebrate the magic of live Music South by Southwest Music Festival returns to Austin, Texas this March 10th through the 15th with a fresh lineup of legendary and rising talent. Join a global community of music lovers, artists, industry professionals and creatives at the 2025 South by Southwest Music Festival. With hundreds of showcasing artists performing across six days and over 50 venues. Discovery is right around the corner at South by Southwest. Explore the lineup@sxsw.com.


Hey fam, if you like me, you're thinking about how to level up in your career. Maybe you're fresh outta college, just started in your field or even look at the switch things up and find your true calling. Whatever stage you're in, remember that this is your time to grow, to learn, and to build something that lasts. State Farm understands that early career development is key to long-term success. They've been a steady presence in our communities and they know that having the right support early on can make all the difference. State Farm is there to help you make smart moves and to help you get the coverage you need. We all know the journey to success is a marathon, not a sprint. It's about staying focused, staying grounded, and making sure you're protected every step of the way. Let's build our careers with confidence knowing that State Farm is there to support us just like they've always been because like a good neighbor state forum is there. Find out more@stateforum.com.


Have you seen this new commercial from standup to all Hate? It's Snoop Dogg and Tom Brady spewing hate at each other. But when you really listen to them, the reasons are just so stupid. This one really stopped me. It's a strong reminder that hate in our country continues to be out of control. So join us at The Breakfast Club and standing up to it, if you see hate speak up, call it out and learn more by following at what's up with hate.


Why is that? 'cause they treat you way better. They treat you better. I ain't gonna lie. And I learned that as I got older and at the end of the day looks way when you get older, it's all about the person, but they treat you how they treat you. So, so you look for a ugly man. I love him. He ain't gotta be completely ugly. Yeah, like medium ugly, not fully ugly. It's like five. Y'all gotta gimme an example man. What y'all call 'cause beauty's in the eye of the beholder. What's medium ugly? You? I'm trying to think. Somebody that's medium ugly. Yeah, Like 45% ugly. Like, Like who? Who's an, what's an example? Who, Give us an example Who's like 45% ugly. I can't think of nobody right now Because there Ain't No such Thing. No, it is. I'm trying to tell you. Thank you Rachel. Y'all just making up stuff. All right, let's go to Taylor on line six.


Taylor, good morning. Good Morning. Now Taylor, do you like your man with a little bit of ugly? I love my man with a little bit of ugly. Why is that? Because like, I just feel like men aren't supposed to be pretty. Like what are, why are you so pretty? For what? I just feel like it's not manly to be pretty. We born like that. We can't, we can't help ourselves. But Skeptic is a gorgeous man and he's, man, you know what Ssta looks like? Yeah. He is gorgeous and he's very manly. Yeah, but he, he's just too pretty. I don't like pretty men. Taylor, Gimme an example of a media ugly man. Taylor. Taylor. Gimme an example please. I have an example of a medium ugly man Emini here. Duke Dennis is medium ugly for sure.


I thought he Wasn't that bad. I'm trying to think. He's very handsome, but he's just not like pretty, you know, like when you have like pretty features, really symmetrical, like there's no roughness or like, you know, masculinity in your face. It's just real feminine and pretty And I don't like that. Lemme think of another example of a medium ugly man. I feel like Gucci is medium ugly. Okay? Yeah, I feel like Gucci Man. Okay. Yeah, like I feel like pop smoke was medium ugly. God bless you dude. God bless him. RIP that man. Okay. Chris Brown is pretty too pretty for me.


What's his name? Michael Ly is too pretty. Damn. Thank you Chairman. You wouldn't got some I don, I don, I'm gonna tell you though, I don't like this though. 'cause she called the two dark-skinned brothers. Gucci and pop smoke medium ugly, but she called the two red bones pretty. I don't like that. Well, is brown skinned, right? He's he's, he's, he's like brown. I don Chris Really skinned to me. All right, well we like think Chris Brown and Michael Elliot. Fine. They beige. I don't like that. But listen, I, let's, let's switch it a little bit. NBA Young boys medium ugly. I Need to, I need to know who y'all think is medium ugly. NBA young. I'm going through my music playlist 'cause it's just easier to do like when you have something to look at. I would say NBA young boys medium ugly. Who else?


A boogie medium ugly. This is crazy. This Is real crazy. But 800, this is crazy. 5 85. I, I, I'm judging women like this all week long. Okay. 805. Eight five. One five. One boss. Medium ugly. Do you like your men with a little bit of ugly? And who do you call? Medium ugly. Let's discuss this. This The Breakfast Club. Good morning. Maybe If y'all talking about it, you know we talking about it. It's topic time. Call 805 8 5 1 0 5 1 to join into the discussion With The Breakfast Club. Morning everybody. It's d Djj Envy. Jess, Larry Charlemagne, the guy. We are The Breakfast Club.


Now if you're just joining us, we're talking about this gorilla line right here. This is where it came from. We're asking 805 8 5 1 0 5 1. Do you like your men with a little bit of ugly? And who is a little bit of ugly to you? What meant a little bit ugly to you? So we can have a a scale so we can understand who you're talking about. Me And they just broke my heart in here about what happened. They brought up 50. They said 50 is on the medium ugly list, but maybe that's why I think he's so attractive. Say the person who said it. No, let, let 50 see their Instagram. 50 gonna be going at their Instagram all week. No, he, I think, no, no we not. She's pregnant. We, He, he, he does live in that medium space. But it works for him though. 'cause he Emini here. The energy just gives what it needs to give. First of all, beauty is subjective.


Okay. Like y'all, y'all out here calling people medium ugly and some of these people that y'all call medium ugly folks think is fine. Okay? Yeah, no. And energy matters a lot more with men like your aura and how you demand the room than your looks, in my opinion. Hello? Who's this? Hi, this is Najee. Hey Najee. Good morning. We're asking a couple of questions. Do you like your men with a little bit of ugly? And who is medium ugly to you? I do like my men medium ugly. And what do you mean by who? Like, Who are looking like if we wanna, like how do you describe medium ugly? Like, like describe it. Who's medium ugly to you? Yeah. What, what celebrity, what Man, I feel like that guy that that foster guy, I feel like he's medium ugly.


I think he's, he's too pretty. So he's ugly. If, well medium ugly If that makes Jesus, I kind of understand what you mean. It's hard to describe. Like he's like, it's like okay, he fine. It's Mufasa but like his features is a little you got, they gotta settle in. You just got, he got ears. They gotta settle in. He's, I give him medium ugly. Yeah, shut your, shut your ass up in he got ears. Ears sit one out. Seriously. You Known when to sit one out. Can you not read the room? You got two women describing a man's looks and here you go about he got ears. He's A, he got ears. He's a handsome brother. He just got ears. That's I don. Hey, shut your ass up in God damn. Hello?


Who's this? Can We talk about who's medium gay MP's medium gay. Y'all well done in that side too. And you well done. Gay. Hello? K What's the word This Katie from Mississippi. Hey, what's up K from Mississippi. Who's medium ugly to you? Man, Big magic. Text me. I told him asap Rocky, Have you ever seen ASAP Rocky in real life like outside of photos and videos? I Have not but Breonna do a little better. Yeah, but you know loves love. I would challenge you to see him in real life and then come back in real life asap Rocky photos and videos. Do him no justice. That mean it's gorgeous. Did she say Big Max just text her la I'm trying to tell you only because I used to be like, I don't really get the ASAP height like he fly but I didn't really get it and then I seen him in person And I was like, oh, like he literally glistens.


Ooh, okay then I heard that. I'm gonna take Your word. Sorry. Re I know that shouldn't mean I'm not, you know what I'm saying? I'm just, it's just a topic. Okay, go Navy. Once again, this is why I say it's all subjective because one the woman thought, the woman on the phone thought he was medium ugly. Lauren thought he fine that right. You see what I'm saying? Oh my God. ASAP is, Well some we just hung up on somebody but they were saying that to them all studs look medium ugly. Oh okay. I can see where they going, What they got to do with anything. We talking about men bro, I don't know that. I guess that later Let's talk about men. Why would you bring, you see what I'm saying? Thugs, next time y'all see envy out jump 'em 'cause he bought y'all in this for no goddamn reason. Yeah and like, and ain't mis misidentified y'all. Oh my God.


Oh my God. Why Would you and why would you hang up on that person? I wanted to hear what they had to say. What's the moral of the story? Come on y'all. The moral of the story is beauty is in the eye of behold of the beholder. Like it's all subjective. That's, that's the way I look At it. The moral of the story is some people well done and they don't know it. Alright. Charlemagne, we got just with the mess coming up. I bet you would never show up without no wig on. Ooh And Meek Mill. Like just my braids under. I bet You challenge. I bet you on shirt. Oh you know what? I got a picture with you. Matter of fact, I'm gonna post that today since you wanna be sporty. I got Are you gonna Post it when I wrap my hair with the photo shoot Uhuh and how gorgeous I look. You go right ahead. You don't have a picture of me with my meek mill braids. I know you, I don don't. I definitely got, I got a picture of you. I definitely got a all my life I had to fight picture of you.


You ain't even gotta worry about that. Ain't Nothing medium ugly about me Emini here. I guess say I ain't Say you medium ugly. It Depends on, it depends on, 'cause when we posted this before, people was in my comments like, she must not know she medium ugly. And I'm like, hey, you know, to each his Own. Oh, so you heard this phrase before, media m Not to me in real life. Don't play with me. Oh, okay. People in the comments just trying to be funny. But yes, we do have Jess with the Mess coming up. Irv Gotti's brother Chris Gotti talked a bit more about Irv Gotti's passing and what actually was, you know, the reasoning behind his passing. So we're gonna talk about that. All right, we'll get to that next. It's The Breakfast Club. Good morning. The Breakfast Club Morning everybody. It's DJ Envy. Jess. Hilarious. Charlemagne the guy. We are The Breakfast Club.


Let's get to just with the mess. Music is real Aria, just Robin Moore just don't do no lying. Don't she don't spare nobody worldwide, worldwide mess on The Breakfast Club. She's the coach. Lauren. Lauren, I'm back And I got the mess. Talk, talk to me. Okay, so Irv Gotti's brother Chris Gotti, he sat down on a platform called Two-Way. And on this platform he talked with Dame Dash, who was also a special guest and it was a special that they did on how to cope with stroke risk and diabetes. And they did it in memory of Irv Gotti.


Let's take a listen to what Chris Gotti had to say about Irv Gotti's passing. When was your brother diagnosed with diabetes? Wow. So he's 54, I believe he was diagnosed when he was in his forties, but Irv doesn't go to the doctor, so that's why he is so late being diagnosed. Right. And then when he finally did go get a a a real physical in the checkup, he is like, you're diabetic. And he didn't believe it. Irv was type one actually it started with type two developed into type one. And when I, we talk about this topic, why it's so dear and sensitive for me as I watched him suffer, hit the last three years of his life, sadly enough, he, he did go on his terms. He just didn't believe it. And he was like, I'm gonna go the way basically I wanted, he, he ate a bunch of Chinese food while playing poker and had a massive hemorrhoid stroke, which is bleeding on the brain.


Yeah. So a hemorrhoid stroke by definition occurs when a blood vessel in the brain bursts and causes the bleeding, as he mentioned. And I know some people have questions about the difference between type one and type two per what I see on Google, the difference is how the body processes the insulin and type one diabetes. The body's immune system attacks and destroys the cells and the pancreas and that produce the insulin, meaning it cannot make the insulin at all while Type two diabetes. Go ahead. No, go ahead. While type two di by type two diabetes, the body still produces the insulin, but the cells become resistant to its effects. Hmm. Yeah. I never heard of, what did he say? Type one became two. I never, I I didn't know that Was possible. Came one. I think he said Yeah, I'm not a doctor.


I don know. I do know some people were disputing that as well. I listen, I know that. Yeah, I'm, I'm sure some doctors will correct, correct him later. But man, the biggest takeaway from what Chris Gotti said just now is that Irv Gotti didn't like to go to the doctor. Didn't go to the doctor. We get on this radio all the time and have been getting on this radio for years, telling y'all take y'all ass to the doctor. I don't care what it is. I done had prostate exams, colonoscopies, endoscopies, every single, you know, cardiovascular tests that you can think of, Ute, the Dr. Pulin. So medical, like you gotta take your ass to the doctor. There's no way around it if you wanna live. Yeah. And you're absolutely right. That's why we talk about it so much. I know a lot of y'all say y'all share a lot, but the reason we share so much is because we want you guys to go to the doctor.


We want you comfortable and thinking that you can go to the doctor and call and talk to your peoples about it. Because we need to, we need to make sure that we're checking up on each other, that we're going to our appointments, that we're checking our blood pressure, that we're making sure that we're checking our salts, our sugar levels, our heart and everything in between. We gotta make sure that's right and that if you don't do, you don't wanna do it for yourself, do it for your family, do it for your kids, do it for your wife, do it for whoever's in in your family. You know what, Emini here. Yeah. I gotta have so many people die over things that, you know, that could possibly have been prevented if they just simply had went to the doctor. You know, And I know we make jokes about the prostate exam, but yes, go get a prostate exam. Like go get a colonoscopy. Like you, we put it like this if you like to laugh, having stuff up your butt is always funny, but at least you got something up your butt for a good reason.


Okay. O okay, great. P s that, but somebody might like it up for that reason. Another reason. But anyway, go ahead. Continue on. Yeah. Well, shifting gears in places, okay. Simon ga Gaia, I don always say his last name wrong, but that is the Tanged husband, Portia Williams who appeared on Real Housewives of Atlanta with her. We found out over the weekend that he was actually detained by ice. So he's currently being held in the Stewart Detention Center in Lumpkin, Georgia. Somebody called ice on him. I don, something happened. Something happened, yo. And came and got him. Now he's a Nigerian philanthropist. And again, you guys remember him because he was on the show with her. He was at once married to the girl, Fallon, then he got with Portia.


That was a whole storyline. And him and Portia have recently decided not to be together anymore. And there were conversations around why she decided to, you know, go through a divorce with him. It was money conversations. And she said that she just found out that he, he wasn't exactly who he said he was in the beginning and she didn't want any parts of it. And now we're seeing this, you know, this happen as well too. Now Portia spoke out not too long after this news hit and said, it's disheartening to see my estranged husband make choices that have led to this outcome. At this moment, my priority is moving forward with my family in the prayer hands. So, Well yeah, if you, if you look at it, you know, they said he, he migrated from Nigeria to the US in 82, but he overstayed his visa. So he was declared deportable in 19 what?


85? And then they said he was arrested in 87 for bank and credit card fraud. He is Nigerian and then he was arrested two additional times. So he was deported to Nigeria in 1992. But then he came back a month later. Yeah. So he, and then he applied for citizenship in 2016. But he was denied by the US government because his previous status was unlawfully granted. And from what the reports are, this actually happened while he was reapplying for trying to figure out all the mess that Charlamagne was just talking about with the citizenship. So he was on television knowing he wasn't supposed to be here. Trying to figure out maybe he That's wild. Yeah, I, it seems to me like, I Think it's like he playing in people's face. I think though think but course you're fine though, man. So I can understand taking him to risk, not understand the risk, Have to do with ice.


She melt the ice. Like what the, I'm confused. Well, No, I, I can understand the risk that time was taking. I can understand it. He's a business owner here. He's making money. Like, so maybe he thought that, you know, things would work out, but on the first time He wasn't with Porsche on the show. The first time he was with somebody else, I don't know was fine too. Who was it? Who was the other one? Lan. She was, she was, it was crazy because that was his first wife, right? Yeah. But she was just like, she had a smaller storyline on the show, but they tried to make her and Portia seem like they was homegirls on the show. So then when Portia got with him, it was like, oh my God, I thought that was your friend. And she had come out and be like, that was not my friend. We was just on the show together. Wow. So what Happened To his house? Emini here. Emini here. This, I just mean this in the most respectful way as a married man, you know, I can understand why he would take the risk of wearing matching pajamas with Portia all over Instagram and be all over the reality shows with her.


I can understand why now He's sitting in center just reminiscing on it, huh? But well that's all you got is your story when you locked up. So that's a, that's a great story to have because what Happened to his house though? His house, his cars. Who gets that? 'cause he's no longer here. He does have, he has children And I, I'm assuming other family here, so Okay, maybe they'll figure that out. I don't know specifically thought Porsche had the house. Porsche don't got the house. I don't know her that have it now. I know she had one of the cars that we're going back and forth for about one of the cars. I'm not for sure who has what in that they haven't, the divorce hasn't finalized yet with them either. They're still going through the process of that. But I did reach out to ISO to try and get some more information on what's about to happen to ice. Yes, you reached out to ice, You can reach out to them. They have a media department. What Number is that? It's a email that's Mad.


Gimme me the number Lord don't give, don't You give that number. And I go, that might need to be investigated. Don't give Number Know. But they, they have departments in every state and you can reach out, especially if you're a media outlet to obtain information for clarity. And that's what I did because I had a lot of questions like you guys did and as you see, I can't answer 'em. Yeah. So when I can, I'll be back with that. Do they have a tip line though? That's what I All right y'all. Dang, we, You got one time? One more, one more quick. Which Should I go to? It's so much good stuff. Okay, so Wendy Williams and you guys know that we've been keeping you up with Wendy Williams here at The Breakfast Club. Yesterday I broke an exclusive, I spoke to Wendy Williams and she says that she's back at Square one fighting for her life with Next to Nothing.


So she's alleging that her guardian, Sabrina Morrisey, has recently hired four high top-notch attorneys to protect herself from Wendy Williams and also from Lifetime. So Wendy says this week she had to fire her current attorney that was the black woman attorney that she was really excited about because this person wasn't appointed by the court. But she said that she had to fire her because things were not working out. And now she needs to assemble more legal team. So she's back at Square one. She's saying that she might have to go through something called a linking hearing, which is something where they, they're able to see if she's capable of choosing her own lawyer. But the issue that she has with that is even if they allow her to choose her own attorney, what I'm told is that the attorney will still be from a list of of attorneys that the court selects. And she doesn't wanna do that. She wants to be able to choose her own attorney.


She's very confused about why she has to do the Lincoln hearing. The Lincoln hearing is something that they use, like when, you know when kids are in court and it's a custody battle and they're like, yes. You know, they wanna figure out where the kid wants to be. They use that same type of interview that a judge does, but with the conservatory, like the person who's in the conservatorship. Yes. So she doesn't understand why she has to do that. She feels like she's proven that she's more than capable enough to make these decisions. And yeah. So now she's, you know, she just wants you guys to know what's going on. So she wanted us to let you guys know that she's trying to figure it out all over again, attorney wise at this point. Alright. All right. Well thank you for that, Jess with the mess. Lauren. Thank You. Alright. Alright, you're welcome. Alright, when we come back, we got the People's Choice Mix. Get your request in. Don't go anywhere as The Breakfast Club. Good morning, You are checking out The Breakfast Club.


Morning everybody. It's DJ Envy, Jess, hilarious. Charlamagne the guy. We are The Breakfast Club Law Rosa filling in for Justin. It's Black History Month. What we doing, Man, listen, you know, every day during Black History month, my guy B Dot puts out an episode of I didn't Know, maybe you didn't either. On the Black Effect iHeartRadio podcast Network. And we're going to learn today about how Jasmine Evans got left off the kidney transplant list. Not because she wasn't qualified, but because someone decided to play doctor based on stereotypes. Let's discuss. See, Jasmine needed a kidney transplant, some critical for her survival. But instead of being placed on the list like any qualified patient, she was left off.


Why? Because of assumptions rooted in stereotypes about black women. Now we've been discussing medical apartheid all season and this is just another branch on that tree. The doctors didn't doubt her medical condition. They doubted her ability to comply with post-transplant care, let that sink in. Despite meeting the necessary criteria, they judged her based on who they thought she was, not who she actually is. They assumed she lacked support or discipline assumptions tied to harmful narratives about our sisters. This is bigger than Jasmine, though black women are at the heart of our community. They're our mothers, our sisters, our daughters, our partners.


Yet many times they're often disregarded, disrespected, and dismissed. In healthcare studies show they're less likely to receive proper pain management, less likely to be listened to, and more likely to face barriers to lifesaving treatments. Jasmine's story isn't an isolated case. It's a reflection of a system that undervalues black women's lives. But here's the thing. Jasmine didn't give up. She fought back. She raised her voice and exposed the bias that nearly robbed her of her future. After public pressure, she was finally placed on the kidney transplant list. But that fight shouldn't have been necessary. Black women shouldn't have to battle every step of the way just to get what they deserve.


So fellas, this is where we come in. Supporting black women isn't just about words. It's about action. It's about showing up for 'em and standing beside 'em and speaking up when they're being wronged. It's about recognizing that their fight is our fight too. We know how much black women do for us. We know how much black women mean to us. They hold us down. They lift us up. They fight for us when nobody else will. And Jasmine's story is a reminder that we need to do the same for them. Let's honor their strength by making sure that the systems that fail them are held accountable. Let's be the men who stand in the gap. 'cause when black women thrive, you already know our entire community thrives.


Jasmine's fight ain't over and neither is ours. So let's commit to making this world safer, fairer, and more just for the black women we love. Okay, bye. All right, well happy Black History Month, Man. Thank you BDot. And make sure you subscribe to the, I didn't know, maybe you didn't need the podcast on the Black Effect iHeartRadio podcast Network available everywhere you listen to podcasts. All right, when we come back, we got the positive note end more so don't move, it's The Breakfast Club the morning. Morning. Everybody's DJ Envy, Jess, hilarious Charlamagne, the guy. We are The Breakfast Club. Lauren la Rosa, filling in for Jess. And we got a salute to Joe Taina.


That is ASAP Rocky's defense attorney. He also represented people like Donald J. Trump, Michael Jackson, Arod, meek Mill, just to name a few. He stopped through, check out the full interview. Very insightful. So speak to that Very informative conversation. Man. I love talking to attorneys because I love just their thought process on things, you know? And it's interesting to hear somebody like Joe talk about the cases he didn't choose right to do. Especially being that he's represented a lot of controversial cases. He Don't sleep. Absolutely. So to Joe. Yeah, he needs a documentary based on his life too, by the way. I think so too all. And Lauren, you got something? Yes. So in exactly two months, 27 days and 14 hours, we'll be in a Dominican Republic.


I'm hosting the HBCU Black Getting Your Body Done. No. Why do you keep asking me if I'm getting my body done as if they're time wrong with my body? Are you trying to Tell? I'm saying that's People the second time that you brought that up, you got something you want. Y'all say How you know I wasn't ask advice about me. What about if I wanted what? You try to get ads together. Yes, you need to focus on them arms. I Don't understand why you keep, why do you keep, you're right. You're absolutely right, Lauren. He been need to focus on his arms for years. But I don't understand why you're concerned about what that young lady does with her body, her body, her choice. Correct. That's First of all, not the way. Not now. You Mr. Your body, your choice, the way you be attacking every piece of hair on this body or anything. It's A wig. It's not yours. It's not your body. Well, I'm gonna be in DR y'all.


I'm not getting my body done, but we are gonna have a good time. I'm there for the Memorial Day Getaways, HBCU and Black Alumni Weekend. It's six days, five nights all inclusive. We'll be doing parties, day parties, night parties. We gonna eat, we gonna drink, we gonna have a great time. It's always a good time when I'm there, so make sure y'all pop out. Get your tickets now@memorialdaygetaway.com and tell 'em Lauren la sent you a checkout. Alright, well you got a positive note. I do. And the positive note comes from one of my favorite follows on Instagram at the Healing Guide. You should follow Healing Guide on Instagram, but they posted nothing kills you faster than your own mind. Don't stress over things that are outta your control. Your own thoughts and worries can harm you more than anything else.


When you stress too much about things that you cannot change, it affects your mental and physical health. Overthinking and worrying make you feel anxious, tired, and even sick. Instead of focusing on things beyond your control. It's better to accept them and focus on what you can change. Letting go of unnecessary stress will help you stay happier and healthier. Y'all have a great day, breakfast Club Bitches. Y'all finish or y'all done Ready to celebrate the magic of Live Music South by Southwest Music Festival returns to Austin, Texas this March 10th through the 15th with a fresh lineup of legendary and rising talent. Join a global community of music lovers, artists, industry professionals and creatives at the 2025 South by Southwest Music Festival.


With hundreds of showcasing artists performing across six days in over 50 venues. Discovery is right around the corner at South by Southwest. Explore the lineup@sxsw.com.


Life is an act of constant reinvention that's true for you and for cause. Nissan Reimagined the all new kicks around you. The Bowles Personal plus sound system with speakers in the headrest keeps you in the groove while the Nissan Safety Shield 360 technologies keep you safe. If Nissan reinvented the kicks, you can reinvent yourself. Drive the all new Reimagined Nissan Kicks today. Available features compatible device service and consumer activation of Nissan Connect Services. Package required use only when safe and legal subject to third party service availability for more information, see Nissan usa.com/connect/legal. Apple CarPlay is a trademark of AppleLink. Intelligent all-wheel drive cannot prevent collisions or provide enhanced traction in all conditions. Always monitor traffic and weather conditions.


Taking control of your career is empowering. Just don't tell my boss I said that Building a career isn't just about a job. It's about creating a path that impacts our community and future generations. Whether you're starting out or making big moves, State Farm is here to support you with resources to help protect what you're working hard to achieve. They've got your back every step of the way because like a good neighbor State Farm is there. Find out more at State Farm dot com.


At t has a new guarantee because most things in life are not guaranteed. In a world where nothing is guaranteed, at and t is bringing something new to the table. At and t is introducing a guarantee. With connectivity, you depend on deals you want and service you deserve, or they make it right. Learn more at att.com/guarantee. At&t connecting changes everything. Terms and conditions apply. Visit att.com/guarantee for details.