
Divorce can leave you feeling isolated, like you're stuck on an island with no direction, but you don't have to go through it alone. At Hello Divorce, we guide you step by step, offering everything from legal advice to financial planning, so you can find your way back to solid ground. Start your divorce journey with the support you need@hellodivorce.com because you deserve a better path forward.


American Public University understands the challenges of balancing education with a busy ever changing life. Whether you're part of a military family managing PCS moves are a working, professional, juggling career and family. A PU offers the flexibility you need to succeed. Deliver online APUS programs make it possible to learn wherever life takes you. And courses are offered in eight and 16 week formats with monthly start dates so you can begin when it's convenient and progress at a pace that's comfortable for you. A PU is committed to making education affordable for everyone. For active duty, military and their families, the preferred military rate is just 250 per credit hour. Veterans and their families can benefit from the Veteran Grant, which provides 10% off undergrad and master's levels tuition. And for everyone else, the Opportunity Grant offers the same 10% tuition savings, making higher education within reach for all. Visit AP dot.edu/military to learn more American Public University education that moves with you.


Bring spring to your door with Target Circle 360. Get all you need for Easter hosting, spring get togethers and more with unlimited same day delivery through Target Circle 360 from Easter basket goodies to fresh Florals. Getting everything the same day is easy. Open the Target app and bring the magic of the season to your door with unlimited same day delivery through Target Circle 360. Visit target.com/circle or the Target app for more details. Subscription required same day delivery is subject to terms, applies to orders over $35.


This is John Cameron Mitchell and my new fiction podcast series. Cancellation Island Stars Holly Hunter. As Karen, a wellness influencer who launches a rehab for the recently canceled in the future, we will all be canceled for 15 minutes. But don't worry, we'll take you from broke to woke or your money back. Cancellation Island's revolutionary rehab therapies like bad touch football, anti-racism, spin class, and mandatory ayahuasca. Ceremonies are designed to force the cancel to confront their worst impulses. But everything starts to fall apart when people start disappearing. Karen, where have you brought us? Cancellation Island. Where a second chance might just be your last listen to Cancellation Island on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts.


Good morning. USA. Yo. Yo. Yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo Yo yo yo yo yo yo, Yo yo. Jess is out today. What up, Lauren? Hey, good morning y'all. Charlemagne's running a little late. And guess what day it is? Guess what day it Is? Home day. Ha. Charlemagne will be here in a second. What up, Lauren? How was your event last night? I seen you did a whole women's event yesterday. You almost called me Jess. I almost called you Jess yesterday. Yeah, we did a whole event yesterday. I seen Jess at the event. Yes. I seen Ed Martinez. I seen our coach Thea there. So tell us about this women's event last night. Yesterday. Should say, shout out. Shout out to Thea Mitchum, who is our program director here at the station.


Hampton University alumni, by the way, I'm so sorry that happened to y'all. But she had this event yesterday. It was a, it was a women's event for all of the women. Not even like just at the station, but just here in New York. iHeart related in general. Right. It was Sales. That's amazing. Sales. Because y'all need to learn to get along today. Y'all need it. Marketing. Can I have that? That's Spencer. Let's talk, by the way. Go ahead. Because he wanna be a woman so bad. Go ahead. Continue. But it was, it was everybody. I met people from all the different stations and all different departments. And so she had it set up where like you, it was kind of like a speed dating where like you rotated tables. So you were forced to talk to people that you wouldn't normally talk to, learn To get along. Basically. We Didn't have to learn anything. Oh, okay. We did that in kindergarten.


Remember? Because you had to, you had to go to different tables. So Was called y. Know exactly what we did. We sat and talked about how men overtalk us and mansplain, and y'all are doing just that. First Of all, Lauren New. Okay. Everybody gets accused of overtalking people more than you on this show, this woman. Okay. Okay. Okay. You Got that one Girl Facts. You got that one girl. Okay. So what did y'all talk about in the speed dating? Let's be friends. We talked, we talked about, because we, in a fight, We talked, we talked about real sisterhood and what that looks like. Okay. Even with people that you don't know, like that we talked about, being able to navigate in a space where you might not always feel like you have a voice and how you figure that out and how you lean on people that are there trying to help you find a voice. Okay. We talked about utilizing just the relationships and stuff that we have in house because there's so many different people here and how that can work.


We talked that we, I learned a lot about like how people came to iHeart and like what their journeys were. Okay. The stories about how they leave it way more better. The shut. I'm just saying like they take w, the bottle when they have to leave is Actually more, did they feed you entertaining and give you alcohol? We had, it was open bar. The cocktails were cocktailing for sure. They had this one drink called the Empower. I don't even drink vodka. But that Kettle One mixed with a little, it was like a little spritzer vibe with the kettle. It was amazing. So it was no men there at all? No, it was a woman Probably. I want you there. I'm just asking. There was one man. He was our bartender. Oh, He was the bartender. He was working, he Was serving the girls. I did love that picture with you, Angie Martinez and Jess. Hilarious. So I thought that was, yeah, I'm a Jess. Jess is out today.


But when Jess comes back, if she's open to it, I would love to talk about the conversation we had with Angie Martinez, because that was the perfect ending. Jess Gems. Yeah. That was a perfect ending to the day. Like we dope. We had already done our matriculating through the different tables, and Jess got there a little late, but when she got there, me and her, we, I'm like, girl. Yes. 'cause y'all know I'll go to everything. Jess, I think she's kind of learning like, you know you're doing Free food, you there Free food and open bar? Oh. Oh, baby. You don't gotta tell me twice I walk. But yeah. So when Jess came in, you know, I greeted her And I was just telling her like, this is like, you're in corporate like this welcome. Like this is where you need to be at. These are let's like, let's have a good time. Her best friend came with her as well. I met her best friend. I forget her name, but her best friend is Fire.


Like, she's just such a Sheena. No, not Sheena. The brown skin. That's What I said. That's what I Said. Brown skin. She lives in la. Brown Skin Girl. I forget her name, but Jess posted her a lot and she's gorgeous. But she's here right now in New York with Jess. And she came to the event with Jess. She also did her own. She got out there, met people like, you know, it was, it was a good vibe. Like I think dope. The way that Thea did it. It forced us to kind of get in environments that we wouldn't have normally been in. Oh, right. And talk to people we wouldn't have normally talked to. Well, We should do that more than one time a year, I think. I think. Who is we? Well, I'm not a woman. Exactly. Nikki Emini here. Emini here. iHeart. iHeart. Meaning I was speaking for iHeart. iHeart should do that more than once a year. They Do. I agree. Do they? You not a woman. You don't get invited to these things Do.


No, no, no. Co coach was saying that this is the first that they had done that before Covid. They Before in March. Oh, it is March. Duh. March. But I, but I think it will happen more now that we're able to get back together. And yesterday was amazing. So shout out to Thea. Well, so To y'all. Yes. Y'all be hating up here though, on that y'all. We be Hating. We don't get a month. It's no men's month. Y'all Need it. I'm happy for y'all. I need y'all to be together more and show each other more support. I am happy that y'all had that yesterday. Woo woo. BA Bam, BA Bam. All right, well, let's get the show cracking. We got front page news when we come back. Don't go anywhere as The Breakfast Club. Good morning. Good morning everybody. We are The Breakfast Club Morgan felt it. Let's get in some front page news.


What's up, Morgan? Hey, what's up y'all? How y'all feeling today? Good morning, Morgan. Good morning. All right, so let's get into it. So y'all remember the whole debacle with the whole group chat thing, right? Yes. So there's been a bit of an update. Mike Walls, the National Security Advisor, he's addressing the recent leak of the US War plans from a group chat. And during the interview with Laura Ingram Waltz implied Goldberg, Jeffrey Goldberg, who is the journalist who is added to the chat, somehow deliberately appeared in the group calling the editor in chief a loser. Now, waltz also claimed he wasn't aware that Jeffrey Goldberg was in the chat, and he's not sure how he got included in that group. So let's take a listen to my quals.


I take full responsibility. I built the, I built the group to make, my job is to make sure everything's coordinated. I know him by his horrible reputation, and he really is the bottom scum of journalists. Jesus. And I know him in the sense that he hates the President, but I don't text him. He wasn't on my phone. You've got somebody else's number on someone else's contact. So of course, I didn't see this loser in the group. Hmm. So again, Jeffrey Goldberg of the Atlantic reported he was added to a group chat with multiple high ranking officials discussing plans for US airstrikes in Yemen. Meanwhile, Trump, president Trump is reiterating his support for his intelligence officials. He called the National Security Advisor, Mike Waltz, a very good man during an ambassador's meeting at the White House, a day after a report revealed that he was, you know, waltz was included and that chat, or Jeffrey Goldberg was included in that chat with them.


So let's take a listen to President Trump. But it's, it's weird because at the same time, he's also saying, at first he really didn't know much about it, but he's supporting his intelligence officials. Let's hear from Trump. We have an amazing group. Our national security now is stronger than it's ever been. We have had a very, very successful numerous attacks in that area. These are people that shoot down ships. There was no classified information, as I understand it. They used a, a app, if you wanna call it an app that a lot of people use. A lot of people in government use, a lot of people in the media use. I don't understand why people are okay with this level of incompetence. Right?


Like, shouldn't people be fired because of this? Shouldn't people be resigning because of this level of incompetence? Like, course you can't, you can't call me a loser of, or he called the journalist a loser. But why are you all having these conversations on Signal? Signal? Yeah. Yeah. So Trump said he will, or the, his administration will look into the use of the encrypted messaging app signal after that incident. He also claimed, you know, Trump didn't have nice things to say about the reporter as well. Goldberg said the group chat included Mike Wal as well as Vice President Vance Def, defense Secretary Pete had Seth and National Intelligence Director. Tulsi Gabbard. Yeah. Charra, you, you raised a good point because it was a, it was a lot different energy when we were talking about Hillary Clinton's emails, it was a lot different energy when we were talking about classified documents from the Biden administration.


So yeah, it's kind of like keep that energy when you're in office. Maybe. I don't know. I Don, I don't know nothing about Hillary's emails, but I do know that I never understood why people thought Signal was safe. Because if I wanted to get secrets, I would create an app and tell everyone that you can send secret messages on this app. Yeah. Not only that, doesn't it feel like when, when you're dealing with things like this, they should have their own cell phones where they speak to each other and not through text. I wouldn't think they would be having any electronic communication or digital communication at all when it came to this type of stuff. I don't think they'd be meeting in person because Things are not encrypted the way that they should be. Which we know because our stuff gets Leaked. That's right. That's right. They should be in a skiff, which is, you know, a room where you literally have to leave all electronic devices outside and sit in the meeting room and discuss these things.


So you, That's what it's called, a skiff. Yeah. Security. Well, yeah, I'll get to that. Yeah. It's a skiff. Yeah. Security intelligence, some, I don't know. I don't know the acronym, but yes, that's what they call them. Yeah, those rooms. Alright. So yeah, that's page news for 6:00 AM at 7:00 AM We will talk about, oh man, my girl Jasmine Crockett. Dang. Girl, why you do that? She called her governor, governor Hot Wheels. He's in a, he's in a wheelchair. Oh wow. Yeah, that wasn't, Well, we'll talk about that. Next. We at seven. Alright, everybody else get it off your chest. 805 8 5 1 0 5 1 if you need to vent, phone lines are wide open again. 805 8 5 1 0 5 1 is The Breakfast Club. Good morning. The Breakfast Club.


This is your time to get it off your chest. Whether you're mad or blessed, You have the same. We wanna hear from you on The Breakfast Club. Hello? Who's this? What's up? Envy? This is Iggy from the 4 1 2. What's up Iggy from the 4 1 2. Get it off your chest. Yo. No Delaware. Check trash. What? No Delaware check talking too. Lauren. I don't Hear him. Delaware chick did you dirty? I Don't hear him. I don know what happened. What part of Delaware? She was from Dover seed on me. What part of Delaware she was from? I don't know where she was from up there, but I just know she's from there. He moved to Pittsburgh. Tried to blame a whole kid on me. So Charmagne, I need a favor from him. I ain't got no abortion money, bro.


Money. Nah, nah. Keep your foot on Lauren's neck. I need you and Envy to play tips with her. Wig Envy. Freaking the dog up there play tug of war with the wig. What's Wrong with you mean? So you want, you want Lauren to pay for all the sins of all Delaware women? Huh? It's Not my fault he dating in Dover, Delaware Day. It's not my problem. You went to the wrong part. She said stay outta of Dover. I will say though, Lauren is a player too though. So I can see, I can see a guy feeling like, feeling that way about Lauren soon too. Sir, it is 6 22 in the morning. Why am I under attack? Huh? Keep your foot on her neck just, just because she from Delaware, man. No Delaware. See And I sound like you don happen. It's women's history Month bro.


And In, yeah, your neck sounds Real big Back. Alright. I respect all the women, but no Delaware. No Delaware women. Goodbye sir. Hello. Who's this? Terrence, how y'all doing this morning? Terrance? What up? Get it over your chest. Hey man, I wanna say what up to Detroit, but I want to give a happy birthday to my twins. Terrence and Terry ate a VCU grass that was all over the internet. Had like five viral video I remember. Yeah. About black excellence. That's right. Okay, I want to give a shout out. One of 'em a black Bo Professor Friday, his twin brother became an anesthesiologist, the VCU. So I want to tell them big shout out, but I want to thank that village. Some bus drivers, some school teachers, some counselors, a heritage ward, them neighborhoods my kids played in.


They kept 'em safe. My family back home, they was there to send us money when we needed Tony Rose. Brian Rogers big beast for news. I am so thankful. Don Rod, Ben Wallace. And last but not least John Hope Bryant from Operation Hope. John O'Brien. I don forget that brother Mima. I'm telling you right now. I'll never forget that brother. You brought us up there to the Gather. DC spent two hours with us of his time there, interviewed us. It was the best thing in my life. I'm gonna send it to you. But he sent, interviewed two with, and that was the most inspirational because you know him personally, right? Both of y'all know him personally, right? Yes sir. That's one of, that's one of my great mentors, man.


Love John O. Bryant. And, And you know, as intelligent, educated, and as, as well as that brother did it for himself. You know, if the two minutes of talking to him, you get, you'll get the John obrien you ex for he really to get That's right. I love him to death. That's right. The one thing I won't forget, my kids told me, dad, when we left, even though we, you came uphold he remind me of you. I said, I'm gonna tell you something. The difference is I'm what you get when you playing the streets early. He get when he, what you get, when you take, take life early, serious. That's the different outcome. So I'm gonna send you that video Charlotte. Man. Man, I love see that because everybody thank you. I'm gonna send to you right now. It come from Terrence L for this black excellence.


Be the movement. That's what he got. Education look sexy because we was doing videos and suits and traveling the schools. Yeah, that's what John always says. We gotta, we gotta make smart sexy. If, if you love John O'Brien, Man, your kids too, Brother. Happy birthday. Yeah. Make sure you subscribe to John O'Brien's podcast, the Money and Wealth podcast on the Black Effect iHeartRadio podcast Network too available everywhere you listen to podcast. All right. And get it off here. Chess 805 8 5 1 0 5 1. We got the latest with Lauren coming up. We do. We have a cover star sitting in the room. Y'all Charlemagne covered the Variety magazine. I heard we, we And I I heard and we gonna get into it. You said some good things in there. I think you're kind of smart a little bit. Okay. That was a major play though.


So we, we gonna talk about some things from this article. Okay. Okay. Thank you Lauren. All right. We Get next. You don't even know how to take a compliment. So evil. It's The Breakfast Club. Good morning. The Breakfast Club Morning everybody. It's D EJ Envy, Jess. Hilarious. Charlamagne the guy. We are The Breakfast Club. Let's get to the latest with Lauren. Lauren becoming a straight fast man. She gets them from somebody that knows somebody. She gets into Details. I'm the home girl that knows a little bit about everything and She'd be having the latest on the latest with Lauren la Sometimes she have facts, sometimes she have details, sometimes she have a little bit of everything. Well, what's the latest on The Breakfast Club?


Talk to me. So yesterday, variety Magazine announced that Charlemagne would be on one of their covers that they have happening. Really? Drop a bomb for Charla. Yes. I don't even have a copy. You know? Not yet. It's Digital. We got a digital copy. Well, Emini here. They they print too, but, but they gonna Send it out. I'm sure. Yeah. It just happened. Yeah, yesterday. But, well, first of all, I thought that the conversation was amazing. It was a great interview. Thank you. A lot of the stuff I felt like, you know, if you know you personally, it was very true to who you actually are. But I think one of the biggest things I took from this is how you've been able to leverage business across very, like a, a, a very like noisy industry. In the article, one of the quotes that they have is that you are now in business with some of the largest media companies in The World.


Really? Yes. But they talk about how even though you are in, you know, the center of all these businesses, you still, you still very, very true to who you are from, you know, your down south upbringing to your wife that you've been with forever. Being excited about your upbringing and kind of basically not being above anything. Like you're very rooted in who you are. Okay. Which I think a lot of people don't get from you. So I had some questions. Okay. So one of my first questions is, you opened up the article quoting. Oh, it's the Tom, First of all, that's not how you do it. Okay. Oh, oh, oh Oh's the time. It's the Tom Join Morning show. Yeah. I don't know what the hell you was doing. I like, I don know what that was. Either it was the, I saw that wig start moving.


I'm like, what the hell was that? It was the same melody. But no, I had a question for you because you talk about Breakfast Club being the Tom Joiner Morning show now. No, that's not what I said. That's how They quoted you. What said that's how they quote you? No, what I said was, you know, sometimes you'd be like, damn, we Tom Joiner now because of the fact that, you know, when people wake up in the morning, they're listening to us in a hundred plus markets. So there was a time when you woke up, no matter where you were in The World, you'd hit Tom Joiner. Tom Joiner was, you know, was Black America's habit. Right? And I think that we are too.


Divorce can leave you feeling isolated. Like you're stuck on an island with no direction. But you don't have to go through it alone. At Hello Divorce, we guide you step by step, offering everything from legal advice to financial planning so you can find your way back to solid ground. Start your divorce journey with the support you need@hellodivorce.com because you deserve a better path forward.


American Public University understands the challenges of balancing education with a busy ever changing life. Whether you're part of a military family managing PCS moves or a working professional juggling career and family, A PU offers the flexibility you need to succeed. Deliver online apus programs make it possible to learn wherever life takes you. And courses are offered in eight and 16 week formats with monthly start dates so you can begin when it's convenient and progress at a pace that's comfortable for you. A PU is committed to making education affordable for everyone. For active duty, military and their families, the preferred military rate is just 250 per credit hour. Veterans and their families can benefit from the Veteran grant, which provides 10% off undergrad and master's levels tuition. And for everyone else, the Opportunity Grant offers the same 10% tuition savings, making higher education within reach for all. Visit apu.apu.edu/military to learn more American Public University education that moves with you.


Bring spring to your door with Target Circle 360. Get all you need for Easter hosting, spring get togethers and more with unlimited same day delivery through Target Circle 360 from Easter basket goodies to Fresh Florals. Getting everything the same day is easy. Open the Target app and bring the magic of the season to your door with unlimited same day delivery through Target Circle 360. Visit target.com/circle or the Target app for more details. Subscription required same day delivery is subject to terms, applies to orders over $35.


What You're hearing Is hardy fiber cement siding living up to its reputation as the siding that handles hail impact with ease. James Hardy knows how important a reputation is, especially when you're a contractor. That's why Hardy's siding withstand severe weather better than vinyl siding with styles to match its strength. So you can be sure you are providing your clients with the best, protect your reputation with exterior products by James Hardy.


I guess my question for you, Thank you by the way, to the listeners. Absolutely. I guess my question for you and, and seeing how could you, it comes up a couple times in the article, so obviously was like a foundation for you was like watching everything that to Tom Joiner did then and where you are now. How did you know to diversify the portfolio and like make and be loud about it? Oh well diversifying the portfolio just comes from just watching anybody who's successful. You know what Emini here, there's nobody that's successful who's successful because they stayed in, you know, one lane. Like I think, you know, the older you get, the more experienced you get. You should absolutely, positively diversify your portfolio. 'cause if not, you know, that one lane you in could get burned out. Like, you know, and just watching hip hop radio forever, I saw so many people hit that glass ceiling. You know what Emini here and that's exactly what it is.


You look up and you think you can get higher, but no, you will hit a glass ceiling. Facts. And this this business called hip hop radio, hip hop period. Really? Yeah. And I think one of the, the, the, the things about, I know from me sitting up here with you envy all the time, one of the things I always hear y'all talk about is wanting to help other people. Absolutely. This article talks a lot about that. If what you build only benefits you, it's not big enough. And that is what you say in this article a lot of times. At what point though for you, like, does it ever get exhausting? Because I'm hearing a lot of you talk about in this article on variety, what you give to other people and how much you do for other people. You don't get exhausted every year or not ever. Man, I used to work at a flower garden in monks corner of South Carolina. I worked at a place called Industrial Acoustics Company. I worked at Taco Bell.


You worked at Taco? I worked at, I did telemarketing. I called people and tried to sell you 20 CDs for a penny. What is this we doing? He sat on laps. Shut Up. Period. What is this? This not exhausting. He sat so we could walk. That's right. There's people out here doing real work right now this morning. And thank you all for your service. Okay. Exhausting. What's exhausting about this? This is real work. I know you don't get exhausted. I just, this is real. I think for me this, this variety article really speaks to who you are and people don't get that from you. They think that you're this evil short That's right. All of that can be true. Bisexual Hit me bisexual. I don't care about the bisexual part, but round. I'm not round. That's round.


I'm not around. Did you see me dropping it low Yesterday? That was my video, sir. Oh, that was Your video. That Was originally my video. I'm Around. I ain't round now. I forget what I coined you that day. Was that your ballroom name? What was that Chocolate something? Just didn't having a good time. Where was I? Where was I? But listen, thank you the variety for seeing me because sometimes folks are so focused on who you were that they missed the beauty of what you have become. Yes. And I am extremely grateful to God for every opportunity that has been created. So salute to Cynthia Littleton who decided to do that, that that piece on me for variety. That Dope, dope piece. Please make sure you guys go read it variety.com and you have this ring on in one of the photos, the cover photo who's on your ring? That is Jasmine Jazz. Fly Waters drop on the cruise bombs for Jasmine Jazz Fly Waters.


Great friend of mine, not just a great friend. She was a great creative partner of mine and she transitioned in 2020 and you know, that was just, that was just family. I love her to death miss her every day. And you know, And I have that ring, not just because you know, I miss her as a person, but you know, just a reminder of where to stay with the art. Like I said, she was a great creative partner of mine. So just where to stay with the art and, and why we do this. And very intentional rest in peace. Yes. I love this for you. Yes. Congratulations. Yes. And I, And I wanna say one more thing. One thing I'm really excited about that was in that article is the movie production company that I've created with Basel. I Winnick. Yes sir. Okay. It's called Southland Stories and it's gonna have a heavy emphasis on stories from the south, but it's not just limited to stories from the south.


And I'm really excited about that and what we're creating in the film world. Salute the Basil. Basil is the producer behind the John Wick franchise by the way. And countless other films. So I'm excited for that. Dope, dope, dope. Yes. You, I've been, I've been dibbling and dabbling in that film world for a while now. Whether people have been paying attention or not, you can go watch a 88 on Hulu right now. That's a film that I executive produced that stars brand v Dixon and Na Tory Ton. Orlando Anderson. Yes. When you had mentioned that Kanye West Porno the other day, was that on the, that's on the film imprint or Nah, I'm cool on that. Oh, okay. Yeah. I just didn't know that was don't Don't, don't want no parts of anything that Kanye West is doing. Didn't know if that was part of the exclusive. You said that and then you talked about the Ky he got in the in the vans.


I did. Who kind of porno would Kanye, Mick Swastikas and S Longs, what would that be? I don You brought it up. I thought maybe I Never bought. I did. Yes, you Kanye. Was that a porno? You said he was gonna record himself next. Oh Yes. He you It. Yes. Yeah, because forget Now because he started for attention so much that he would make his own porno. Yes. I could see him having his own porno with himself. I thought you Seen something we didn't know about. No, No, no. I don't forget at Word. No. Real quick as we wrap up, Russell Wilson is signing with the giant. So one year, 10.5 poor, $5 million deal. Congratulations to him as well. Poor When it's come to that, now it's just time to retire. You got a beautiful wife, you got beautiful kids. There is no reason for you to be doing that to yourself.


Russell Wilson. You Could be a backup quarterback too, which is Be crazy. There is no reason for Russell Wilson to be doing, doing this to himself. Why Russell? You cannot love football that much. He does. You have a great life. Could be fine. You really want to spend your last days with the New York Giant. There's nothing wrong with that. Listen, oh my God. Better than the Dallas Cowboys. No it's not actually. Yes it is. Okay. And you know, it's not, you not even excited about it Emini here. Not, not now. Ain't see no light in your eye. Not a twinkle. Yeah, this supposed to be like a thing. 'cause it's been like some years since they've had a, the a black quarterback. Right? It don't even matter. Well, Let's see what happens in the draft. I did this story for you. Did the first one for Charlotte did second one For you, Don, you're mess up excited this.


Make sure the giants don't mess up this draft. Just let it be for a little bit. Let's, let's Why Y'all got some issues in the, in the Giants house over there. Y'all need to work out. Huh? Poor Russell. See what happened with the Jets when, when the Jets got a quarterback that didn't work out for them. So let's just be easy For at least Russell got a beautiful family to go home to. Okay. God. To hang out. Right. Long nights, Lord have mercy. That is the latest with Lauren. Now when we come back, we got front page news, so don't go anywhere as The Breakfast Club. Good morning, Wake up. Wake up. You're locked into The Breakfast Club. Morning everybody, it's djj. NV Jess. Hilarious Charlamagne ne guy. We are The Breakfast Club. Lauren la Rosa. Filling in for Jess. Let's get some front page news. What's up Morgan? Hey, yeah, let's get back into it. So in the last hour I mentioned the acronym C-I-F-S-C-I-F and that actually stands for Sensitive Compartmented Information Facility.


So yeah, they should be having these conversations in a skiff, but I won't get too much into that. Let's get into the next story. Vice President Vance. He will travel to Greenland on Friday. He made the announcement in a video posted on X. He talked about the importance of Greenland security and shared details on why he's making the trip. His wife is also going, let's hear from Vice President Vance on that Greenland trip. I'm gonna visit some of our guardians in the Space Force on the northwest coast of Greenland and also just check out what's going on with the security there of Greenland. A lot of other countries have threatened Greenland have threatened to use its territories and its waterways to threaten the United States to threaten Canada and of course to threaten the people of Greenland.


So we're gonna check out how things are going there. Yeah, So the White House has previously announced that Vance's wife Usha would be leading the delegation there that prompted backlash from Greenland and Denmark. The vice president said, I don't think I want her to have all the fun by herself, so I'm going to join her. President Trump has said that he wants the US to take control of Greenland. So we'll keep you posted on how that trip goes. In other news, Texas congresswoman Jasmine Crockett is under fire facing criticism right now for apparently mocking governor Greg Abbott, who is confined to a wheelchair after a tragic accident in his twenties. She called him Governor Hot Wheels. Oh my goodness. And she made the comments during her speech for the human rights campaign dinner in Los Angeles over the weekend.


Now the video is going viral. Let's take a listen to Congresswoman Jasmine Crockett. Y'all Know we got Governor Hot Wheels down there. Come on now. And the only thing hot about him is that he is a hot mess, honey. Yeah. So Crockett, she tried to clear the air in a post on act saying I wasn't thinking about the governor's condition. I was thinking about the planes, trains, and automobiles. He used to transfer migrants into communities led by black mayors deliberately stocking tension and fear among the most vulnerable Senator John Corn of Texas, who was a Republican called the comment disgraceful and said, if it were made by a Republican, it would be all over TV stations. Well, that is the case. What do you guys think The nerve of Republicans to be mad at Jasmine Crockett for saying this?


Okay, the hypocrisy when we've heard Trump and the rest of the, the GOP say things similar if not worse. And we can't say we want Democrats to, you know, go low and fight dirty, you know, and, and then get mad when they do. Like, I i it it is the era of politics we are in. And if republicans don't like it, blame Donald Trump because he created it, because it Would be all over the news, but it would be all over news. And they'd be leaning in. But let, let's, let's get it like it is f but they attacked this woman like crazy, I was about to say. And they been called to all types of names in a battleground. So, hey, it is what it is. You can't, you nah, you, if you could take, if you give it, you gotta take it. Yeah. I don't even care what they call her. You know, the, the language of politics is dead and Trump kid, it killed it. And, and now this is how some politicians talk. You know what's so crazy at the, at the speech that Trump gave the joint session speech, right?


He called Elizabeth Warren Pocahontas. He's been calling her that so much that nobody even cared. No. When he did it the other night. Well, a couple of weeks ago, however long ago that was. So yeah, I'm not, I'm not mad at Jasmine Crocker for saying that this is literally the era of politics we're in and Donald Trump created it. Simple as that. Oh period. All right, well let's bring things home to you guys in New York with New York City's Democratic primary 14 weeks away Mayor Eric Adams. He's in fourth place, Queen's Assemblyman Zorin mom. Donny has raised Mil, raised millions of dollars and believes he has the momentum to win the primary city comptroller. Brad Lander.


He spoke about polls saying this at this point they don't mean much and Cuomo has been avoiding reporters. But on Sunday night he had some choice words to say about the race. So let's hear from those New York City mayoral candidates. You will hear from Eric Adams, queen Assemblyman, Zan, Ani, city Comptroller, Brad Lander and Cuomo. Let's take a listen. I got a whole lot of gas stealing the tank and I'm looking forward to New Yorkers to get past the noise and say let's look at the numbers. Unlike Andrew Cuomo, who everyone in New York City knows I started this race with, I would say less than 1% of New Yorkers knowing who I was At this period in 2021, Andrew Yang was leading in the polls.


And at this period in 2013, Anthony Wiener was leading in the polls. None of them have any experience running anything as large or complicated as New York City. So The Ness Strategy Group has released new numbers showing 41% of Democrats would choose CMO. Right now with 18% voting for Queen Assemblymen to run Donny in third place, of course city comptroller Brad Lander with 8% of the support. And as I mentioned before, Eric Adams the incumbent. He is in last place or fourth place with 6%. So the June primary or the primary is on June 24th. So you guys make sure you head out and exercise your right to vote.


Those of you who are residents of New York. Alright, Well thank you Morgan. Of course. Yeah, that's front page news. Follow me on socials at Morgan Media and for more news coverage, follow at Black Information Network. Download the free iHeartRadio app and visit us@bnews.com. Bye y'all. All right, thank you Morgan. Now let's open up the phone lines (800) 585-1051 Swiss Beach. Shout to Swiss. He did an interview with us weekly and he was talking about his marriage and he says after 15 years of marriage they have never argued and choosing not to yell at each other. 805 8 5 1 0 5 1. He says marriage is a big word, but the communication has to be there.


And we have never had an argument. I'm just curious who out there, God bless who out there was never had an argument with their spouse. Yeah, right. Never an argument. Not one argument. I don't know what sl the Switzer, Alicia, God bless them. But that's what marriage is about. Arguing. Arguing. Okay. I don't be arguing with my spouse. First of all, you got one. We know why You ain't got one. Exactly. Never. We see Lauren arguing with her spouse, commit her immediately. She needs to be under conservatorship. Okay, but Can that be a thing? 805 8 5 1 0 5 1. Never arguing with your spouse. I don't think that That, let's discuss when we come back. Is The Breakfast Club. Good morning, The Breakfast Club.


Daddy Man, It's topic time. Call 805 8 5 1 0 5 1 to join into the discussion with The Breakfast Club. Morning everybody. It's DJ Envy, Jess, Hilarious Charlamagne the guy. We are The Breakfast Club Long LaRosa filling in for Jess. Now if you're just joining us, we're talking about Swiss Beats. He did an interview with us Weekly and he was talking about his relationship with his wife. They've been married 15 years and he says it's a healthy marriage. And he said what keeps it so healthy is he said first they don't yell at each other. And they said, we've never had an argument. So that is the question. 805 8 5 1 0 5 1. Have you never had an argument, which is spouse?


I can't say that's true for me. Me and my wife have argued, you know, we, we argue Emini here. It doesn't get to the point where we are yelling and screaming and kicking. But we do argue, you know, we disagree and we have Arguments. It's impossible. Emini here, listen, I I don't sl the Swiss and Alicia respected them if they don't argue. But I think that, you know, I can't, that is not my household. You know what Emini here, like, you know we have very healthy debates, we have arguments, we got four kids. Different parenting styles I guess, right? Yes. But you know, we try to come on one accord to have one solid parenting style. But yeah, there's gonna always be things that you, you know, argue about that don't make it unhealthy, that don't make, that you got, that don't mean you got a bad relationship, it's just that, you know, Emini here, that you live with a person.


Yeah. And like I said, I've been with my wife 31 years, we've been married, 23. We argue like we, there's things like you said, like I might, you know, discipline my children this way or talk to my children this way. She does it this way and we go back and forth. It ain't, like I said, it ain't to the point where we yelling and screaming and she's sleeping in another room. No, we have Disagreements. No, and sometimes you do have to tell the the wife that, don't talk to me like I'm your child. I know your wife be getting with you, you all the time. Annoying all the time. But if, I think sometimes, you know, women, you know, especially when they have a lot of kids, they're used to talking a certain way and men can be immature at times. So we get spoken to in that way. And sometimes you just have to remind them, I am not your child. Envy you get spoken to. You have, you have to talk gear that I have to a couple of times.


I'm not your child too. Absolutely. Yes, I Emini here, but I'm here with y'all every day. I kind of feel for y'all wives. No, you should feel for us. Okay? That's what you should feel for. Yeah, you should feel for us. But real, I again, I Emini here, listen once again, respect the Swiss and Alicia. If they don't argue, God bless. I don't know if that's realistic. I really don't. I I, I even, even with the most healthiest healed couples, I don't know if that's realistic for you to never argue, Never nothing like y'all agree on everything is never a disagreement. Yeah. I don't know. Hello? Who's this? Yo, this is Grant. Michaels the author. Hey, what's up Grant? Michaels the author. Talk to us Man. What's happening man? Y'all can't be serious, man. Like me and my wife been married for 12 years. We been together for 15. We've never had an argument.


I'm never saying we, we don't disagree, but we have never had an argument like this. That's my home, that's my place of peace. My, my sanctuary. Like why the hell would I wanna bring discord, the immaturity into it? Well, God bless for all of you, y'all, y'all way more healed than, than me and my household then. Or maybe it's just me. Maybe I'm the problem. What I'm saying, we live in, we live in Columbia, South Carolina. She of Allendale, Charlamagne, you know about Allendale? Yeah. I was in the back Monday. I ain't trying to get nothing. Oh, that's what's up man. I ain't, I ain't trying to get cut. I ain't try. So that's how it started initially. Know what I'm saying? As we grew, it just became the norm. Like, nah, like as a black man, we got so much going on in The World.


Like why do I have to come home to to to further foolishness? You Feel me? So you never had a heated argument or disagreement with your wife? All my life. Never. God bless my brother. Bless you. I need to, I need to get to where you at. They said never yell, never had a heated argument. Their kids had never seen 'em cuss at each other. I don't, I don't know. I don't believe that flu. Everybody in the metro two, the 8 0 3 hot 1 0 3 9, that's the station we on out there. Hello? Who's this? You? You We shaking making What's shaking? I don't No pork on my fault sir. What's Up? No Pork. No pork. So first envy, I want to say what's up. Envy, I met you before I was EP on S 22 Convent when we did the video down in Slate down in the city.


Okay. When you was there with, with he, we did the video there and, and now to the topic. I do believe that you can be in a, in the marriage and not argue with a woman, right? Because nowadays when you say argument, the first thing people think about is somebody blowing a gasket. You know, you start arguing, you're screaming at each other. But there's a difference between arguing and having a solid strong discussion. 'cause I've been with my woman eight years and we don't argue. We just have a real solid in debt conversation to kind of get our point across. I think if you could get your point across that way, I think you don't need to argue with people. So I I I believe that he can be in a, you know, in a marriage especially, well they look like two low key, you know, down to earth people that you can sit and speak to. Why would it be so hard to to believe that?


Let look up. What's the definition of argument? Argument? It says, that's what I just did. It says opposing views typically heated or angry. But the fact That you gotta go into it, hold on. The fact that you gotta Google that to see what it is, is because when you think of argument, that's exactly what comes up into your head. It's a like an argument, like you scream at your volumes at at a 10. No, it says an argument is an exchange of diverging or opposite views. Typically a heated or angry one. I I What Swiss is saying is that they disagree but it doesn't get heated. They don't allow it to get heated. But the argument is back and forth. Like I had an argument with my dad the other day, right? It wasn't, we weren't yelling and screaming but he had a view about something. I had a view about something and it was heated, but after we laughed it off and kept it moving.


But it was an argument. Well he said they do disagree but they, their communication styles doesn't allow for it to get to level 10. What Is level 10? Well he didn't actually say level 10. I said level 10, but he's saying, Oh no, no, I'm saying but that's what Emini here. What is level 10? I don't Know. I think it's all the screaming, the yelling, the cussing. Like he said that there were kids have never seen them yell at each other, cuss at each other, those type of things. Oh no, that ain't happen. That ain't, that ain't God bless wins. That ain't my house. I 31 years. I ain't gonna sit and tell you. I'm not about to sit and tell y'all no lie like that. What's The last word you've been called? Envy? Nah, we don't call each other names now, but you gotta think I've been with my wife since 16. You like, we've argued, we've yelled, we've screamed like we, we've been there.


You know what Emini here it is what it is. Sometimes my kid, sometimes my 9-year-old will tell us to stop yelling at each other and we both be like we both said, we not yelling, we not yelling at, we not yelling at each other because we don't be. But you know, I guess, I don't know, I guess any back and forth between parents looks like an argument to kids. I don't know. 805 8 5 1 0 5 1. We were talking about Swiss beats and his wife Alicia Keys shout to us with and Alicia, they said they have never argued after 15 years of marriage. Let's discuss this. The Breakfast Club. Good morning Made it. If y'all talking about it, you know we talking about it.


It's topic times Call 805 8 5 1 0 5 1 to join into the discussion with The Breakfast Club. Morning everybody. It's DJ Envy, Jess, Hilarious. Charlamagne the guy. We are The Breakfast Club if he just joining us. We're talking about Swizzy. He was just did a recent interview with us Weekly and we're talking about his marriage with Alicia Keys and he says the happy wife, happy life is true. He says him and his wife have never argued. He says communication is everything he says. They do not yell at each other. We would ask Lauren, but she has no research with that one. She's argued with a man before though. Yeah, I be laying y'all out 'cause y'all be stupid. I I actually heard that's nevermind you actually heard What?


Nothing, nothing. Nothing. You Ain't hearing nothing? No, I do be getting dms about you and I'm not gonna lie, this one dude did say that's why he had to leave you. I'm not gonna front No one's ever left me. Well whatever he said y'all broke up. One left me. He said y'all broke up up because he said you don't listen. He said you overtalk people. He said you never know when to leave. What else did he say? Oh, this sounds familiar. This sounds familiar. Let's go, let's go to the phone lines. Hello. Who's this? What's Good? This is Dre from Detroit. Dre what up do So Dre, you married Man seven years bro. And and you have never argued with your spouse Man. Never had a serious arguing with my wife man. Really? Never. Now I do get him to a certain point, but it is stuff like, it's little stuff.


It's not even an argument man. It's like, you know, I probably tell her something like, babe, you working too hard, you need to chill today. And it'll be a boy. I can do what I want on grown. Like, but never nothing real. Okay. Alright. Thank you. Yeah man. God bless y'all man. I god bless y'all. And y'all perfect marriages then. I don't have one of those we all. Hello, who's this? Good morning Abel. Hey, good morning. Good morning Charlamagne from James King. Hello. Good Morning. We're we're talking about arguing with your spouse. You've never argued with your spouse. Of course I haven't been married for 10 years and it's virtually impossible. At first I was saying let me say how to rich people's business. But when you look at the meaning of argue and these to persuade of the idea.


So I think people think arguments fight him. And even that's a stretch. When you've been married to a woman emotionally, you think differently. So I think he was, he's tripping off bad. If he has an idea, he can teach us. I wanna know. That's what I want to know too. Show me the way. Hello. Who's this? What's up? It's Sheree from California. Hey, what's up brother? How you feeling? I'm feeling good. It's 4:00 AM over here. Oh boy. So have you never argued with your wife or you up right now? 'cause you just finished arguing? Nah, nah, nah, we don't argue because you get to a point where you've been through so much toxic stuff in your life, you just find somebody who could coast with you. Feel me? Yeah. But there's still things that you gotta, you know, you disagree with each other on. You don't, you don't agree on everything.


Well I feel like disagreeing and arguing is like, you know, you could disagree and it could be a nice conversation and arguing just outright screaming. I don't, we don't do all that. Okay. Yeah, it's not no screaming. Yeah, but you going have a, you can have a heated disagreement. Yeah. I, I feel that. But you know, when I'm 34 and you know, y'all my uncles, I haven't got to y'all stage yet, but I just feel like at this age, I'm not into the, the screaming and long conversations. As we get to a a point where you, how can I say it? You, you come to an agreement like, okay, I understand what you're, what you're saying or what you're seeing. Y you know, you know what I'm thinking? Thank you for calling. No, what I was thinking do, do people have elaborate conversations with their spouses?


Right? Because elaborate conversations. What what Emini here by that is like, let's say when you talk about politics, me and my wife will talk about politics, but it won't just be, it would be politics from many different sides. What if this, what if that, what if this happened? Well what if that happened? Would you look at it different ways? And that creates conversation. That creates arguments and disagreements. No, the most things, me and my wife, it our kids. Yeah. Majority of the thing that me and my wife argue get about is something to do with the kids. It's just, it is literally just family stuff because you have two different parenting styles and you know, it's not heated. We are not yelling and screaming but you know, we, it's, it can be intense just because, you know, it is intense. We are both passionate people, you know, but it's not I that whole, I don't believe none of y'all saying y'all don argue with your spouses. That's the more the story. I don don't think you feel like it's healthy to argue.


I don't mean scream y'all cuss, but I do think you gotta get out like you gotta voice. Yes. How you feel Like y'all gotta, you gotta come to head a couple times. Like it happens. Yes. And if you have a conversation with your wife, if you, if you say yo me and you about to have a conversation on, my wife says, oh we need to talk. Oh lord, that's going to be some type of argument. Oh my god I love dropping the we need to talk. God We need to talk. Oh my, that's gonna take three hours Now. Now I love it. Now we need to talk and go two ways. We need to talk and turn it into an argument or we need to talk and turn it into, you know what I completely, I'm completely picking up what you putting down one it to, there's no in between what we need to talk there. It. So what was the last time you got into arguing about do you remember?


What's the, I can't remember. Maybe yesterday. I don dunno. Your mom. Mine was, mom Was yesterday too. I took the call key and she couldn't get the car seat out and she was mad because she couldn't take the baby to school because she couldn't have a car seat. And I, and we got a argument about it actually Yesterday actually. That was, that was stupid though, right? It Was stupid but I didn't do it on purpose. But we argue, she was like, yo, I told you, put the key back where it's key's supposed to be. And I was like, I forgot you always forget, da da da da da. We got into yeah, Was little tip for tat like that. Yes, absolutely. Yesterday was an argument, but it wasn't actually I was completely right yesterday. So it wasn't really even an argument. What would You write about? It was, I was, I was completely right. I don't feel so, Don't feel, but she knew I was right too because it was a thing that concerned the whole house. And I was hot about it a little bit because of something that happened and she knew she was, she was absolutely right.


In fact, she went to go handle it. Okay. She went to go handle it before I could even after once I said what I said she went to go handle it because she knew what it was. She knew I was right Because period, girls run The World and they probably always write in them arguments. My Wife is the CEO of the house. Is she? But you know, employees can't argue with the ceo. I can't go live. I can't go live and put her on blast, you know what I'm saying? I Wanna do it one time. Just put my, my little durag. Nah, it's not gonna live. No, it's 'cause the minute you hit live and get, hear that name, she's coming upstairs. Lord have mercy. Phone might not make it You Right, but what's the moral of the story Lauren? Nevermind Char, what's the moral of the story? Got no moral. I don't think there's anything wrong with having healthy disagreements with your spouse neither. God bless everybody that's never had an argument with their wife or their husband. I don't believe that. You know what I'm saying? In fact, there's they, they say couples and healthy relationships can argue, have different opinions, they can get frustrated.


Healthy doesn't mean perfect, that's all. Alright, Well we got the latest with Lauren coming up. What we talking about? Yeah. Speaking of arguing, Oprah might be arguing in court because of some Russell Simmons accusations and things. Oh, have mercy. Yeah, we gonna have a conversation about it. All Right, we'll get to that Next. It's The Breakfast Club. Good morning. Morning everybody. It's DJ Envy, just hilarious. Charlamagne the guy. We are The Breakfast Club. Let's get to the latest with Lauren. Lauren becoming the, She gets them from somebody that knows somebody. Well, she gets into details. I'm the home girl that knows a little bit about everything and She be having the latest on Good Lord the latest with Lauren la. Sometimes you Have facts, sometimes you have details. Sometimes she have a little bit of everything.


What's the Latest on The Breakfast Club? Talk to me. All right. So Oprah has been subpoenaed by a judge in a defamation lawsuit. So Drew Dixon, who is one of the women that a accused of Russell Simmons of sexual assault had she filed a defamation lawsuit against him because she said that Russell Simmons defamed her when he went on an interview and said that her back in 2023 and said that her claims were not valid and were not real. So during that time, remember Oprah was working on this like


Divorce can leave you feeling isolated like you're stuck on an island with no direction, but you don't have to go through it alone. At Hello Divorce, we guide you step by step, offering everything from legal advice to financial planning so you can find your way back to solid ground. Start your divorce journey with the support you need@hellodivorce.com because you deserve a better path forward.


American Public University understands the challenges of balancing education with a busy ever changing life. Whether you're part of a military family managing PCs moves or a working professional juggling career and family, A PU offers the flexibility you need to succeed. Deliver online a P'S programs make it possible to learn wherever life takes you. And courses are offered in eight and 16 week formats with monthly start dates so you can begin when it's convenient and progress at a pace that's comfortable for you. A PU is committed to making education affordable for everyone. For active duty, military and their families, the preferred military rate is just 250 per credit hour. Veterans and their families can benefit from the veteran grant, which provides 10% off undergrad and master's levels tuition. And for everyone else, the Opportunity Grant offers the same 10% tuition savings, making higher education within reach for all. Visit ap.ap.edu/military to learn more American public University education that moves with you.


Bring spring to your door with Target Circle 360. Get all you need for Easter hosting, spring get togethers and more with unlimited same day delivery through Target Circle 360 from Easter basket goodies to fresh Florals. Getting everything the same day is easy. Open the target app and bring the magic of the season to your door with unlimited same day delivery through Target Circle 360. Visit target.com/circle or the Target app for more details. Subscription required same day delivery is subject to terms, applies to orders over $35.


Check engine light on, take the guesswork out of your check engine light with O'Reilly Vera scan, it's free. Ask for O'Reilly Vecan today.


Oh oh. O'Reilly Auto Parts Like whole documentary. Documentary about everything that was happening with Russell, Russell Simmons and the accusations and all that stuff. And then she decided to step away when Oprah stepped away. Oprah said she stepped away because she, through their research for this thing that they were doing, she found some inconsistencies in some of the women's claims that she felt like weren't properly addressed in the doc. And she also included, she, she mentioned that when it came to Drew she felt the same way as well, that there were some inconsistencies, although she did say that she believed parts of what Drew was saying. Right now, fast forward ops being dragged into court.


They want her to submit books, records, papers, data documents, evidence, different evidences, writings and anything else tangible as described in this subpoena. Now it's not specific to like what those things have to apply to. So like is if, is this stuff in relation to that documentary read that she's no longer doing or what it is, but I am like almost 98% sure that it would be that because what other tie does Oprah have to any of this Russell Simmons stuff and this defamation situation? Because when Russell Simmons was talking about the defamation stuff, he was specifically talking about how oh, Oprah backed away because of these inconsistencies. Basically because of that. That's proof that these women are lying. They gave Oprah a March 18th deadline to adhere to all of this.


They also said that she could be deposed, which would probably be recorded if so, which is why they sit down and they ask her a bunch of questions and there's no word yet if Oprah has complied to the subpoena or like what has happened from either side. But she's being dragged into all of this and she stepped away from the documentary. I feel like could, because she wanted to not be dragged. It'll probably be very simple. They probably using her name because she is a name to shine some light on it. They'll ask her a bunch of questions and Oprah be like, that is my team that produces these documentaries. I don't actually go out there myself. And that'll be it for Oprah Harper. Who this woman, I said, that'll be it. Very simple. That documentary that she was producing, it was going to be called on the record, it was going to address, like I mentioned a number of women's accusations against Simmons at the time.


But she said that How long ago was that? That was a while ago. Long time ago. This was like 2023. It was that. I thought it was farther back than that. I'll look it up. The actual date of when all that, because you Dixie came up. She she was on The Breakfast Club, right? Drew Dixon came out a while. Oh yeah, she was on the breakfast level. Drew Dixon came out with her claims in 2017. Yeah, but, and then she said that everything that happened, she alleged that everything happened with her and Russell back in 95. I think she did a one-on-one with year up here, I believe. Oh, gotcha. You gotcha. Yes. Yeah. So her attorneys are subpoenaing or are trying to subpoena Oprah. So if more comes out there, we will be talking about it here because I'm very interested to see what it is that she gets in from the subpoena.


Now, another person that is going to be in court soon, Kim Kardashian. So Kim Kardashian is going to be headed to court. She, according to TMZ, will have to testify in that Paris robbery. You guys remember when she was robbed in Paris of all that jury? Yes. Yeah. So she's supposed to be taking a stand and that, so sources with direct knowledge told TMZ that the trial will happen in May in France. And she is set to testify. So in 2016 when that, I said That felt 10 years ago too. Yeah, I don't know why this took so long. Mm. Yeah. I have no idea why this took so long. This was back in 2016. Remember she was at the time Kim Kardashian, when they, when they came into her hotel room in Paris, they tied her up.


They took a bunch of her jewelry at gunpoint. For those who do not remember, they forced their way inside of an apartment that she was renting for Fashion Week and held her hostage and they took $10 million worth of jewelry and a huge ring. Like one of the rings I think was worth like, I think I know it was worth $4 million. Now this has been investigated for five years and now they're ordering it into a trial. I don't know why this took Trial For what? I thought they found the jewelry, they found the, I thought these dudes been, I have no idea. And Kim has already talked to a judge about this. She gave a an account of what happened Blow by bow, but now she's getting the opportunity to tell a jury there'll be 12 people that will, you know, be on the jury.


And it'll be interesting, I guess to hear what Kim has to say. And I remember that being like a very emotional time for her as well because she, she was there, I think it was like a security guard that was with her, but like wasn't with her at the time. So she was like by herself super scary. So we'll be hearing about that as well too. Again, I do not know why this took so long. Have no idea. Yes. And lastly, in exits Gar Gar is leaving Real Housewives of Beverly Gar Bove. Yes. Gar Bove. Oh, Y'all heard about this. I know y'all, y'all are the, you, you, you Lauren. And just love the reality shows. That's why I'm asking. You know, I'm not really into Beverly Hills. Okay. I was about to say, you know what's crazy? I'm not really into Beverly Hills either. I only tuned in a little bit because Ell got brought onto the show and they brought her on because they needed, they needed a black person.


They did like it was Beverly Hills was very white. White. Well now they have two. Yeah, now they have two because Bozeman's St. John is there as well. But I'm saying I started rewatching Beverly Hills again when Garel came. But this was a surprise to me. But let's take a listen to what she says and why she says she's leaving. Hey guys. So I have some news. I've decided to leave Beverly Hills. It's been a wild ride. Emini here. Some amazing things have happened and some hard things have also happened, but it's been a ride. Nevertheless, one of the reasons why I am leaving is my family, my boys, their last year of high school is next year. And I wanna be a part of that. And secondly, I have the most exciting projects that I am developing, producing, and acting in.


I can't tell you anything right now, but you'll know soon. Thank you to Andy Cohen to Bravo. And of course the ladies, Andy Cohen says, I can come back anytime. The door will always be open. So you never know. I might pop back in sometime. I respect it. You gotta know It's not by it's see you later. I respect it. You gotta know on the exit, especially from those reality show. I don't know how long she been on there. Oh, she's been on there for a while. Yeah. Lemme see what year she came on there. I don't know if, I feel like it's her time to exit though. You ain't her Lauren. No, I'm not saying and from and You don't know When to leave. No, you're right about that. You are on point today. Honestly, we shouldn't even say that. I was feeling in this morning because I am here just assess as assisting my sis as she needs it.


That's right. But she, she joined the cast back in 2020. It was during all the pandemic stuff. Oh, so Five years. Yeah. That's a good run. And, and yo them shows are very taxing. They Are because her family, a lot of life they was coming for her kids. But she on the show though. She, she know she stirs the pot like she knows what she be doing. But I think that she is a great asset to the show. That's what I'm saying. Like I don't really know. You Gotta know when to exit. Listen, Portia knew when to exit. Went back. She also went back, also knew when to came back. But she knew when to come back. She needed a break for a little bit to go do some other things and then you come back. I respect it. Well, I will say when Nene left Real Housewives of Atlanta, I felt like we knew what was coming. We felt it with this one. And again, I'm not religious Beverly House Housewives of Beverly Hills, but it caught me by surprise.


It, it definitely did. And as we wrap, I do wanna mention, 'cause Charlamagne, I know you about to dip real quick. Kendrick Lamar's halftime show. They got 125 FCC complaints and some of them All white people. How know all people, it Seems like it seemed like it, it should have been more only 125. It seems like that's normal. I guarantee you it was a bunch of angry white people all over the country. Mad about the symbolism matter. It was too many black people probably. They probably calling the police. They were, they were mad that Kendrick Lamar had a potty mouth. They were mad that he only used black performers. That he was being divisive with his set. Yes. Hundred 25 doesn't Seem like a lie. Several making note that the split American flag visual at one point of the split American flag visual at one point with all that he did with all the black people when they came together and they were the American flag, people were very upset about him grabbing his crot.


By the way, that's to Envy's Point. Crot, you could say grabbing his crot. How many people watch that show? 80 plus million. Yeah. Only a 1, 2, 5. That's not a lot of complaints at all for 80 plus million people to watch Now, at least 10 of them were upset for Drake. They said, you know, one person even went as far as to say that he used the moment to focus on a personal ven vendetta. Okay, so that was Chubbs, Bacca, OVO, Eli 40 Drake's mom. Who else called five more people? But just, but to put in perspective, when Janet Jackson did the Super Bowl, they got 542,000 complaints. Yeah. You see what I'm saying? So 125 complaints Drop a clues. Bumps to Kendrick. Yeah, baby, you need more owls. One thing they didn't complain about them.


Jeans, these jeans was a great situation. Oh my goodness. Them jeans. I wow. Kendrick. All right, Charlamagne, who you giving your donkey to? We Need Mike Walter to come to the front of the congregation. We'd like to have a world with him. Please. Who that is? The National Security Advisor. All right, We'll get to that. Next. It's The Breakfast Club. Good morning, Wake up. Wake up. You're locked into The Breakfast Club. Your Execution on the Donkey of the Day is something to go. It Gave me Donkey of the Day And I deserve, the people need to know. Well, you need to tell them I am because you have the voice. Tell them. Tell tell them it's time for Donkey of the Day. It's a read, but you're so good at it. You trying to be a fake ass Charlamagne there only won Charlamagne above damn Charlamagne who you give dusty of the day too, man.


Now, Donkey, today for Wednesday, March 25th goes the National Security Advisor, Mike Walch. Now Mike Walsch accepted full responsibility Tuesday for accidentally, including Atlantic Magazine's editor in Chief Jeffrey Goldberg and a signal group chat with discussions about military strikes against two, what is it? The, the Hootie Hoos, the Ties and Yemen took place. Yes. If you haven't heard top US officials, which apparently included Vice President JD Vance, defense Secretary Pete Hef, national Security Advisor, Mike Wa, they added Jeffrey Goldberg to a signal platform messaging group where classified military plans were being discussed. I can't make this kind of stuff up. Let's go to the news report, please. It's One of the most bizarre and potentially consequential national security lapses to reach the public forum.


Top Trump administration officials, including National Security Advisor Mike Waltz, defense Secretary Pete Hegseth, vice President, JD Vance, and Director of National Intelligence, Tulsi Gabbard, laid out plans about the US' attack on the Houthis in Yemen before putting it into action. The chat over the unauthorized encrypted messaging app signal accidentally invited in on the conversation editor in chief of the Atlantic, Jeffrey Goldberg At 11:44 AM I receive a text in this chain from someone who claims to be Pete. He who provides what I would only call, I can only call a war plan. I sort of just sort of wait with my phone to see if this is a, a real thing.


Sure enough, around one 50 Eastern time, I see that Yemen is under attack. The White House confirmed the messages Goldberg reported were authentic. Hegseth then went after and dismissed the reporting itself. Nobody was texting war plans. And that's all I have to say about that. Jesus Christ. That was a BC news for the report at this point. Who is God letting executive produce America? This dramedy is hilarious. Is it Lor Michaels, maybe even Ken Peel the Waynes brothers. Dave Chappelle and Neil Brennan maybe. I don't know. Look, I don't even know how satire is even a thing nowadays because his life itself is a spoof. Now remember what I said earlier, Mike Waltz is taking full responsibility.


Let, let's listen. It's embarrassing. Yes. We're gonna get to the bottom of it. We've have, I I just talked to Elon on the way here. We've got the best technical minds looking at how this happened. But I can tell you I don't know this guy. I know him by his horrible reputation. And he really is the bottom scum of journalists. And I know him in the sense that he hates the president, but I don't text him. He wasn't on my phone. And we're gonna figure out how this happened. So you don't know what staffer is responsible for this right now. Well, look, a staffer wasn't responsible. And look, I take full responsibility. I built the, I built the group to make my job is to make sure everything's coordinated to, but how did the number execute the how Emini here, I don't mean to be pedantic here, but how did the number get, have you ever had a, have you ever had somebody's contact that shows their name and then you have an, and then you have somebody else's number there?


I never, I've never make those mistakes. Right? You've got somebody else's number on someone else's contact. So of course I didn't see this loser in the group. It looked like someone else. Now whether he did it deliberately or it happened in some other technical mean is something we're trying to figure out. First of all, that's the mission of guilt. Okay? Mike Wa said, I take full responsibility. I built the group. My job is to make sure everything is coordinated. Cool. So now Trump knows who to fire, right? This level of incompetence can't be corrected with a my bad Emini here we talking classified military plans being discussed over signal, but WhatsApp wasn't available. Sidebar, I've had so many people try to get me on signal since signal been signaling. And I never understood why people wanted to get on that app. When people say it's because you can have top secret conversations and nobody can see them, it's encrypted.


I'm like, y'all really believe that? Okay. That's actually the easiest way to get people's information. If I wanted to get everybody's top secret compos, I would create an app that's available for anyone to download. And I would tell them everything on here is secret and nobody will see it. And boom. Now I got you in your top Secret War plans. Now, Mike Walt has accepted full responsibility. Okay? This is what he said. But I need y'all to understand that when you accept full responsibility, that means you and you alone are responsible. Mike Wal didn't do that. In fact, all he did was blame Jeffrey Goldberg who didn't have to be in this group chat to begin with. Let's hear that again. I don't know this guy. I know him by his horrible reputation.


And he really is the bottom scum of journalists. And I know him in the sense that he hates the president, but I don't text him. He wasn't on my phone. And we're gonna figure out how this happened. So You, this is not what full responsibility looks like. Okay? This is not what taking full responsibility looks like. Mike, you already said you are the person who coordinated this. You and you alone invited Jeffrey Goldberg to this group chat. Imagine being the person who got invited somewhere. They didn't want to be in the first place. Okay? The party is trash and the party promoter blames you for the party being whack. I ain't even have to be here. Okay? If I'm such a loser, why do you have my number to begin with? Why would you have your bosses op in your phone? You said, I'm an antagonist of Trump. No, I'm a person who calls out BS when I see it.


And this guy, Jeffrey Goldberg, was exposed to the incompetence of some of our top US officials and he decided to do the right thing and share that with the public. Okay, Mike Waltz, I would've respected it if you would've said this was stupid. We were incompetent. I was incompetent. It's my fault, therefore I'm stepping down. But no, that's not what anyone in the Trump administration likes to do. They take all the credit when something is good and deflect and blame others when something goes wrong. Mike Waltz, Mike Waltz, Mike Waltz always remember, it's easy to blame others when things are broken. The hard part is recognizing the part you played in it all. Please give Mike Walch the National Security Advisor, the biggest hee-haw.


Alright? You want some people to square up with you so bad? No, I don't. I just think that it's ridiculous to say you take full responsibility for something, but then as you're taking full responsibility, And I put that in air quotes, you're blaming the other person and the fact that our top US officials are discussing military plans on signal. Yep. Signal men Always been dumb in the group chat. It's, that's been a thing for centuries. So you know what? You absolutely right. Alright. You're absolutely right. Well, thank you for that Donkey of the Day. All right. 805 8 5 1 0 5 1. Now we can go two ways, one or two ways we can talk about the dumbest thing. I don't go both ways, sir. No you don't. I I don't know about that. We can go two ways. We can go, you know, have you ever sent the wrong text in a group chat or something else that I've seen online that I thought was pretty funny?


This lady was talking about what's the meanest thing that a kid has ever said to you? Right? And the reason I asked that, she said she was crying in her kitchen and she said her little son came up to her and hugged her and whispered in her ear, is it because you're fat mom? So said, so she said, now she's crying for two reasons, which way you wanna go. I refuse to do the kid one. 'cause I was just having this conversation. I was in Columbia, South Carolina on Monday, slutting my beautiful wife and our, our good friends, you know, Kim and Stacia and, and my cousin Kente. And I was having a conversation about something that my oldest daughter said when she was much younger to somebody that I love. What'd she say? I'm not saying what she saying. Saying You Can't do all that no time. What? Saying? I'm not saying what? The reason I'm not saying is because I still love this person.


This is a family friend. And I'm not saying must listening say Yeah, I'm sure they were all, we'll get back to them. I'm not, I'll tell y'all off the air, but it's one of those things where you looking at your child, like, what the hell would you say something like that for Okay. 'cause kids don't mean no harm. No. Like if you walk in with a, a wooden leg, the child gonna be like, what's wrong with your leg? You understand what I'm saying? And my, my my, my youngest definitely tried to play with a midget. One time daughter Midget was like this same age group trying to play toys in the midget like a grown person didn't understand, didn't Understand. I was just having this conversation. That's what's so funny. Alright, Well let's open up the phone lines (800) 585-1051. What's the meanest thing a kid said to you? Unintentionally? Let's have this conversation where we come back.


It's The Breakfast Club. Good morning. The Breakfast Club Gooch Daddy call my phone, man. It's topic time. Call 805 8 5 1 0 5 1 to join into the discussion with The Breakfast Club. Morning everybody. It's D EJ Envy. Jess. Hilarious. Charlamagne Nega. We are The Breakfast Club. Lauren la Rosa of filling in for Jess if you're just joining us right now. 805 8 5 1 0 5 1. I seen this online yesterday. I thought this was hilarious. This young lady said she was crying in her kitchen and she said her little child came running up to her and hugged her and said, mom, is it because you're fat?


And she said, now she's crying for two reasons. So we're asking what's the meanest thing a kid has ever said to you unintentionally? I tell you before my kid asked me, how come I don't have a bra because I have breasts. Oh, don't look at me. Now. That was a long time ago. Did she looked at me now to see if I have breasts. Now I feel uncomfortable. I have to cover my breast up. So my, one of my kids have said that to me. They Never said nothing about your arms. Now my arms what? Too slim. No. No. They have not like daddy. They have not Your arms need to eat dinner too. No. Has a kid didn't say anything about your wig? No. Kids love me. They think I'm so gorgeous. They thank I'm fun. Like your daughter actually defended me. Remember she said you keep messing with me about not having a boyfriend. She did. Kids love me.


Yeah, she said that out the blue. She was like, leave Lauren alone. You, you're mean to her. You one of the mean guys. I said To Jesus babies love me. Well, 805 8 5 1 0 5 1. We have Trish on the line. Trish, good morning. Good morning. How you feeling Trish? Where you calling from? I'm calling from Jacksonville, Florida. Okay. Now what's I tell Charlemagne, all of us are crazy here. You said you're not all crazy there. You said We're not all creepy in Jacksonville, Florida. I'm not, I'm not sure about that. But what is, I don't either. I used to work flights to Florida. Y'all some different people. What's, What's the meanest thing of kid? We Are different, but we get all freaking reasons of the years we have to be. But the meanest thing that a kid has ever said to me was my son when he was about two years old.


He said, mom, I love you, but I don't trust you. And it blew my mind. Wow. What did you do to him? I didn't do anything. I think he heard it from wearing maybe on TV or something. But me being a new mom, I was like, what? I cried a little bit inside, but now he's 12 And I throw it up in his face sometimes. Lemme find out you invited somebody else to playtime and he is sick. He did not like that. I don't trust you at all. Hello? Who's this? Hey man, it's big Chris. What's up Chris? What's the meanest thing a child said to you? Unintentionally? Man, it wasn't even a me man. It was my niece. We was, you know, teaching the manager stuff and we was at church and this lady turned around big ass teeth.


And she was like, Hey little girl. And my niece just bust out loud as hell. Don't bite. Don't don't bite. It is crazy, is Crazy. Just say it again. I said that's crazy. Thank you. Hey man, you gotta think when you sitting in church, you trying your best to not to laugh. It's the hardest place in The World not to laugh with. So funny. Well, thank you so much. You know, my, my three year, my 3-year-old Peyton is the worst, right? So I'm from the 19 hundreds, right In the 19 hundreds when you had a cavity, they fill it in with like a a, it's like a, a black filler right now. They do, they use white filler, a clear filler. So my daughter will see me with my mouth on me. She like, daddy, you got black teeth. Oh, And I, it, it really hurts my heart.


It really hurts my heart. But you know, It's a filler. So why does that hurt your I'm gonna change, I'm gonna change my filler now because of that. 'cause she embarrassed me so much. I'm gonna change my filler. Yep. And Be you. Yep. Yep. You changed some breasts too. I I changed my breasts instead. I'm working out too. You got a reduction? I got a reduction. Hello? Who's this? Hey, this is Natasha. Natasha. Good morning. We're asking 805 8 5 1 0 5 1. What's the meanest thing a kid said to you? Unintentionally. So he Never said it to me, but my son, he is, he's 12 now, but he was much younger, like three or four. And I used to bring a family friend to work. She was, you know, I don't know why he would say it, but every time she would get in the car he would say somebody stinks.


And I used to be like, what? And he say, he would say, it is not you or me mom, but somebody stinks. And I used to be like, turn me hush. It's so embarrassing, Mom. This car smells like fish. Somebody's stinking. It's not me. I don dunno if it was fish, but I know she smoked, so I don't know if it was cigarettes or what, but he used to say, it's not you or me, it's somebody else. Like he is the only person left in the car. Dang. Well thank you mama. Thank you. Hello. Who's this? Hey, it's Kay. Hey Kay. Good morning. We're asking what's the meanest thing a kid said to you unintentionally? Well, not with me directly, but I was with my son in a clothing store and he saw this older white woman that had a lot of wrinkles and he said, look mom a zombie.


Damn. And, And I just, I just turned around And I hoped the lady didn't hear him. And I was mortified. But you know, that makes it worse when you say nothing. 'cause then the kids think they didn't hear you. So now they said louder. Yeah, he is like, zombie, zombie, zombie. I'm like, chop chop. Thank you. Ka. But Did she look like a zombie Though? Yeah, she had a lot of wrinkles. Like, I'm not mad at a young revolutionist. Your daughter was right. 805 8 5 1 0 5 1. We're asking what's the meanest thing a kid said to you unintentionally. It's The Breakfast Club. Good morning. If y'all talking about it, you know, we talking about it.


It's topic time. Call 805 8 5 1 0 5 1 to join into the discussion with The Breakfast Club. Morning everybody. It's DJ Envy. Jess. Hilarious. Charlamagne the guy. We are The Breakfast Club. Lauren LaRosa is filling in for Jess. And we're asking 805 8 5 1 0 5 1. What's the meanest thing a kid said to you unintentionally. Now this comes from, I seen something on social media where a lady tweeted that she was crying and she said a kid came in the kitchen and hugged her and asked, is it cause you're fat mom? And she said, now she was crying for two reasons. So we're asking 805 8 5 1 0 5 1. What's the meanest thing a kid said to you unintentionally. Hello, who's this? My name is Sasha. Hey Sasha. What's the meanest thing a kid said to you?


Unintentionally? Literally just a couple weeks ago, my 5-year-old gripped my stomach with two hands and he said, who's in there? And I am not pregnant. Damn. Two hands is Crazy. Did you cry? No I didn't.


Divorce can leave you feeling isolated like you're stuck on an island with no direction. But you don't have to go through it alone. At Hello Divorce, we guide you step by step, offering everything from legal advice to financial planning so you can find your way back to solid ground. Start your divorce journey with the support you need@hellodivorce.com. Because you deserve a better path forward.


American Public University understands the challenges of balancing education with a busy ever changing life. Whether you're part of a military family managing PCs moves or a working professional juggling career and family, A PU offers the flexibility you need to succeed. Deliver online apus programs make it possible to learn wherever life takes you. And courses are offered in eight and 16 week formats with monthly start dates so you can begin when it's convenient and progress at a pace that's comfortable for you. A PU is committed to making education affordable for everyone. For active duty, military and their families, the preferred military rate is just 250 per credit hour. Veterans and their families can benefit from the Veteran grant, which provides 10% off undergrad and master's levels tuition. And for everyone else, the Opportunity Grant offers the same 10% tuition savings, making higher education within reach for all. Visit apu.ap.edu/military to learn more American public University education that moves with you.


Bring spring to your door with Target Circle 360. Get all you need for Easter hosting, spring get togethers and more with unlimited same day delivery through Target Circle 360 from Easter basket goodies to fresh florals. Getting everything the same day is easy. Open the target app and bring the magic of the season to your door with unlimited same day delivery through Target Circle 360. Visit target.com/circle or the Target app for more details. Subscription required same day delivery is subject to terms, applies to orders over $35.


Home Depot in the Home Depot. Nah, I just told him verified nobody and he just walked away. Dang. He ain't never grabbed your back. No. Wow. Not yet. Wow. I'm just joking. All right, well thank you mama. There. That's a tough one.


Hello. Who's this? Amber? Hey Amber. Good morning. What's the meanest thing a kid said to you? Unintentionally. Oh Child. My boyfriend's niece was sitting on my lap and we were just hanging out. Cool, whatever. She looked at my chin and is just like, oh my gosh, why do you grow a beard? And I'm like, wait, what? So I go to the bathroom. It is literally just one little hair, but she crushed my off. She wasn't know why you had a goatee do. I didn't. And you plucked that hair right then and there. You Even like a go tea baby. I had to go and look for these sweepers because I'm like, ain't no way I'm gonna up beer. And then she just kept asking like, how do girls grow a beer? I'm wait a minute, Jesus Christ, She not gonna say me.


Oh, I'm sorry for that. Do but I, I'm, I'm, I'm sure you pluck them hairs every day now. Huh? I'm looking in the mirror now to make show before I go to work. There's no issue. Thank You bro. Do y'all kids get in trouble for this stuff? So like, after this happens, do they get in trouble? Nah, you just, because they telling the truth. You just shush 'em though. You like, shh, shush. And you telling like, you can't say things like that out loud. Say whisper in my ear. Did I realize kids can't whisper either? No, but nah, they shouldn't get in trouble for that. They just, you know, they're saying things. Hello? Who's this? This is Tanya from Detroit. Hey Tanya. What up do, what's the meanest thing a kid said to you? Under Unfortunately, What's dope? Okay, so my son was four years old and his, his father was in prison the first four years of his life.


So the first day he met him, I took him over there. He looked at his dad, he looked at me and he said, mama, you too big for my daddy. Mm. Because I weigh like, I weigh like 300 pounds. We was dating like one 30 And I was, my feelings was like so crushed. He he was right though. He was right. Yo. No he's not. Yo yo. Are you, are you taller than his dad too? No, No. His dad is taller than me. I'm just a lot whiter. Okay. Dang. Three. But you really 300 pounds. Big thing. Yes, He was right. But It looked right, it looked Good. It shaped well though, right? It's like proportion S right?


Like I got his, it's all in proportion in the right spaces, but his dad is just really skinny and I'm just really wide. Well, You know, he might, this might be an early telltale sign that he just not into BBW. Lemme ask you a question, Lauren. What's up? Can 300 pounds look right and all the right places? That's a lot of places. 300 pounds. Envy. I'm not fat shaming. I'm just asking. You are fat shaming you right? Don't answer. I know I'm not, don't answer child. I know. Hello. Who's this? Good morning. It is Jay Cotton. What up? Your favorite step from Detroit? What up do Detroit on the, on the checkin heavy. We're asking what's the meanest thing your kid said to you? Unintentionally, bro. So listen, I'm the blackest in every room I go in, you understand? I'm dark-skinned And I got a gap.


So it's like a oxy, eh. Anyway, I'm, I'm at work one day and I'm, I'm talking stuff to my homeboy And I told him to shut up. It's a kid at the gate. He turned around like, shut your black ass up. I'm like, why? I wasn't even talking to you. Like, what did you talk kid? I wasn't even talking to you. Then look, when the, when when the little kids see me And I smile, they be like, where your tooth at? Like, why your, why your tooth gone? Like your tooth fell out. I'm like, man, I got a gap. All my kids said this when they was babies. Like, where your tooth at? Did you go find your tooth? Yeah. No, it's a gap. I have a gap. Oh, he Has a gap. Oh. Oh, I thought you had to miss his tooth. There's no teeth. Oh no, it's, no, that's what I'm saying. That's how big the gap is.


Oh, go on my page right now. The real Jay Cotton and look at my profile pic. You will see the black and the gap all in one picture. And y'all get what I'm talking about. What's your Instagram? The real what? J Cotton. Just one word. J cotton. Not JAY. Just j Cotton. Cotton like the fabric of our life. I will say this though, shut your black ass up is wow, Man. Listen, this was a little kid. I was like, I couldn't believe that, but I'm dark man. Listen, Africans asked me where I'm from. Dang. I swear to God. I, I done took, I done took my wife to get her hair braided. They, they hit me with, so where are you from? Damn. Alright. I'm like, I'm from Detroit. Y'all cut it out. You got all these. It is what it is, man. I love work. I love talking to y'all, man. Y'all have a great day. You too now, man. Have a good one.


Good. All right, well, Oh, this is a gap, honey. Let me See. All his kids deserve to ask him that. Oh, oh yeah. He de He Ask. That's not a gap. He missing a too, that's not even a kid thing. I would ask him. I would be like, you missing a tooth? Can You put the light on on your phone or that's just how he looked? No, it was just the way that the video was was cut. It was a black and white video. Oh, Alright. Well we got the latest with Lauren coming up. What we talking about? Yeah, we do. Damien Lillard is out for the year. Find out why up next. Alright, We'll get to that next. It's The Breakfast Club. Good morning. The Breakfast Club. All right, let's get to the latest with Lauren. Lauren becoming a straight fish off. She gets them from somebody that knows somebody, some devil. Well, she gets the details. I'm the home girl that knows a little bit about everything.


She be having the latest on the latest with Lauren la Sometimes she have facts, sometimes she have details, sometimes she have a little bit of everything. Well, it's the latest in The Breakfast Club. Talk to me. So Damien Lillard, Milwaukee Buck Star is out indefinitely after it was determined that he has a blood clot in his blood clots in his right calf. Now, at first they thought that it was just like a strain of some sort, but he wasn't getting better. He had sat out for a few games and wasn't getting better. So they was trying to figure out what happened. And then this news came down and of course, you know the team and everybody's like, you know, his health is our number one priority, right? So we wanna make sure that he sits, sits out and, and does what needs to do.


And they're, they, they've already put him on blood thinners. He's been on blood thinners for some time now. So, you know, they want him to get better. And they're saying that this is something that once it happens, it shouldn't happen again. I hope so. Yeah. So, you know, sending him some get well energy and some love because yeah, that's a pretty scary, yeah. Victor Wi Yoba, who, who plays for the Spurs? I know I probably killed his last name, but yeah, I, I think the same thing happened with him as well. And it's weird because I'm seeing so many NBA athletes getting injured. I see LeBron was injured. I think Anthony Davis got injured again. So it's happening a lot. I don't know if they're overworking the players or what's going on, but yeah, these players are getting injured quickly now. Yeah, black clots could be, there's a, there's a black clots, there's a lot of different things that can like lead them and call lead up to them.


But yeah, blood thinners are no joke. So I'm glad that he's sitting out and taking some time depending on the level of the blood thinner that he's taking. Let me ask you a question. You used to be a flight attendant. Yes. And they say that blood clots happen a lot when people fly often. That they said they were socks that people can wear That can stop that. Have you heard anything about that? I don't know nothing about that. Okay. I know how to get you up, get you down and get you, hey, safe safely. Deplane that pause. Okay. I don't gotta pause that. Oh, you right, go ahead. Period. Herb said what? I Said that's why you single, but go ahead. All right, now shady boots. Okay, Now moving on. Dawn Robinson of formerly of En Vogue, remember she came out and talked about being homeless living in her car.


Yes. Well, during that time, when she talked about it on her video, she mentioned something about having an assistant. And even I was like, wait, an assistant Sounded strange to be homeless and have an assistant. Yeah, yeah, I Agree. So j at the time when this happened, Jermaine Dupree came out and had some things to say about her having the assistant, let's take an A listen to Jermaine Dupre from a few weeks ago. It was her choice to be in the car. I saw somebody send a message and say, Jermaine, Monica, all of y'all, can y'all put some money together to help dawn out? From my understanding, for her to speak on it the way she spoke on it, she was basically saying that she saw other people living in their vans and she welcomed the idea of doing this.


I'm bringing this up because Dawn, when she was telling this story in her car today about her living in her car for the last three years, she said, I was telling my assistant, and when she said that, I said, wait a minute, it changed my whole vibe of what I was watching because ain't no goddamn way. She got an assistant and they ain't got no money. Well, makes sense. Yes. So Dawn Robinson actually appeared on way up with y with Angela y it was a virtual call in. And she talked about having, Did she do the call from a car? I do believe she was in her car. I'm gonna go take a look, but I do believe she was in her car. I just know she wasn't here in person.


It was virtual. Okay, let's take a listen to what Dawn had to say in response to Jermaine Dupree. I Said, Jermaine Dre weighing in and saying, you know, this is her choice. This is what she wants to do. She has an assistant, you're not, you know, unhoused with an assistant. Right, Exactly. And for that comment, I was like, first of all, I've only met him once in my life if that, I remember being around, but not directly meeting him. So I don't even think we said hello and shook hands or gave a hug. So I was shocked. Usually artists to artists don't attack each other like that. You would swear that he knows me directly. Like where are you coming from? It was a shock. But I'm like, some people have to just be negative instead of reaching out to me directly and saying, Hey, you know, I heard about your situation. What do you need? Are you okay? Like, be quiet.


Right? If you don't know the story, just keep your mouth shut. I would never go in on someone else's situation if I don't know the details. And he got drug, the fans were like, no, that's not true. And you lost a fan because you shouldn't have come for her. She didn't ask for you. It was unnecessary. She's not in a car in this interview either. Look, she's in a house of some sort. Oh, like a living room or something. You see like, yeah, she's not in a car. Right? I don't think Jermaine Dupre attacked it. Jermaine Dupre just asked the question, said if she wants to live in her car, she can live in the car. You know, I, I always have a problem when people ask a question or comment or give their own opinion. People like, oh, you're attacking. He didn't attack, he didn't say it's F-ed up. He said, people ask me and and Monica to donate to her.


But he said, when I thought about it, you know, I was asking like, she wants to live in a car, she has an assistant, so she has to have some type of money to pay the assistant. Correct. I look, I don't even really know be, I tried to go back and find the comments in the video where she mentioned the assistant and my transcriber wouldn't bring it up. But I do remember listening to the video and hearing her say something, something, something, my assistant. And I was like, wait, what? But again, and when and when people are saying, oh, she made the decision to live in the car. She talked about being, I forget what the, what the name is, but it's a group of people who live in cars and like, you know, mobile homes and things of that nature by choice. And, and she talked about doing that and joining this community and researching all of that after, you know, she had these unfortunate circumstances, but yeah, he's entitled like people asking him to give money, he's entitled to say, no I don't want to.


And here's the reason why I'm not mad at that. Yeah, I'm not mad at it either. Alright, Well that is the latest with Lauren. Thank you Lauren. Now when we come back, we got the People's Choice Mix. Get your request in 805 8 5 1 0 5 1. And I gotta remind you guys pre-order my book, real Life Real Family. We've been on a press run, we've been hitting city to city. So hopefully we can touch a city near you. We've been doing podcasts, we've been doing everything. So hopefully me and my wife will get a chance to see you. But pre-order, the Booker comes out April 15th and we talk about raising kids everything but raising kids. You know, I got six, my oldest is 23, my youngest is three. We talk about the ups and downs, the trials, the tribulations, and we actually do it. And we had a therapist look over it to make sure that we were actually telling people the right thing to do.


So I can't wait for you guys to read it again. That's April 15th. Pre-order the book and the People's Choice mixes next. Why you even have your single friend look over and see if like it was information we really needed. It is, it's gonna be information you need when you have a kid. One day I could have helped you is all I'm saying. I know the voice of the, you know, voiceless people. People's Choice mixes up next Juvenile's birthday. You know, we gotta start with back that ass up. It's The Breakfast Club. Good morning, Wake up. Wake up. You're locked into The Breakfast Club. Morning everybody. It's DJ Envy, Jess, Hilarious Charlamagne De Guy. We are The Breakfast Club. Law LaRosa is here as well. Now Lauren, when does your podcast start?


My podcast drops on March 31st. Monday. So we have five days. Yes, it's a five day countdown from today. March 31st. You'll hear the latest with Lauren everywhere you get your podcast. Or also be visuals on YouTube. My YouTube channel is Lauren the Rosa tv, the latest with Lauren iHeartMedia and Black Effect Podcast Network drops on March 31st. So you're gonna be filming every day. You're gonna have to do one Monday through Friday. Yep. Monday through Friday. You will get additional breakdowns of what I do here at The Breakfast Club and what I'll continue to do here at The Breakfast Club. But it'll just be, you know, a little bit more, a little bit more of an entree after the appetizer at The Breakfast Club. And you'll get to hear me talk about topics we might not cover in The Breakfast Club. I got some friends of the show, you know, coming on, have some good little conversations over some cocktails.


Okay. You know what, Emini here. So who's your first guest? Do you know yet? Or not yet? It Might be you and Gia. Okay. Oh dope. Cause y'all got, because I wanna come and cook with Gia. I've been telling you that I need to learn how to cook because you know how to cook. I can like you not gonna starve, but I'm not like chef RD not She not gonna star. Yeah, because now Gia is busy. She she does the oxtail crazy. She does like, she does lobster, she does excavate, she does all types of, I've had it Caribbean deal And I did not know she was giving it up like that. Oh Nah, she does, she does. The only, the only time with, with Gia cooking when she cooks. I gotta clean. Oh. And I don't like that. Oh yeah, I'm definitely coming over. We would love to put you Because after I eat, I wanna go to sleep. I don't wanna clean. But yeah, so that, that'll be dope. And also salute to everybody that's pre-ordering my book. Real Life Real Family.


If you haven't got it, if you haven't pre-ordered it as of yet, please pre-order it. It's if you have kids, if you're thinking about having kids and you want to improve the relationship with your kids and, and all that, it's definitely a good outline and instruction manual to help you with that. All right. And we talk about everything trials to tribulations. We go from Pampers to 80 A, DHD and a DD to you name it. Kids in high school and college. So we, we, we do the gamut when it call, when it's about raising our kids. So I can't wait for you guys to check it out, pre-order it now you can go to Abrams, Barnes and Nobles, target, wherever you buy books from. Definitely pre-order the book. And we do it from both sides. So we do it from G'S side and my side. So I talk about how I'm a dis you know, my pops is ex-military and retired police officer.


So I'm very like, I'm a disciplinarian when it comes to everything. And G's more, more understanding. She has more patience. So we talk about how we combine all that. But I can't wait for you guys to actually get the Book and y'all gonna do any, I don't know, like any review breakdowns or like reactions to reviews or anything on your podcast? 'cause I know you guys had a podcast. Yeah, we do. So we do reactions, we do reviews, we take questions. And a lot of the stuff that you know, we talk about in the book is from people asking questions like, yo, how did you guys deal with potty training? How did you guys dealing with, you know, the sex talk with your kids? How do you guys deal with, you know, when the first time your daughter brought a guy home? You know, we talk about all that. Got you. Don't talk about no wig talks. I can't help you with the wig talk.


I don't need your help. Okay. Emini here. You not tody the hair though, right? Ooh. Just for men. Just for men. Yes, I do. Okay. When I say just for men, it's a die. It's not anyway Alright, well when we come back, we got the positive notice, The Breakfast Club. Good morning. Morning everybody. It's DJ Envy. Jess. Hilarious. Charlamagne the guy. We are The Breakfast Club Law. The roasts here. It's time for the positive Note. Charlamagne had to step out so you got a positive note for the people. Yeah. Positive note. If he stopped responding in the text, just block him and text his homeboy. I was gonna say nobody wins when the family Fs, but All right, we'll go with Lawrence. No, it's The Breakfast Club. Good morning. Get Crazy Breakfast Club bitches.


I'm finished. Or y'all done


Divorce can leave you feeling isolated like you're stuck on an island with no direction, but you don't have to go through it alone. At Hello Divorce, we guide you step by step, offering everything from legal advice to financial planning so you can find your way back to solid ground. Start your divorce journey with the support you need@hellodivorce.com because you deserve a better path forward.


American Public University understands the challenges of balancing education with a busy ever changing life. Whether you're part of a military family managing PCS moves or a working professional juggling career and family, A PU offers the flexibility you need to succeed. Deliver online APUS programs make it possible to learn wherever life takes you. And courses are offered in eight and 16 week formats with monthly start dates so you can begin when it's convenient and progress at a pace that's comfortable for you. A PU is committed to making education affordable for everyone. For active duty, military and their families, the preferred military rate is just 250 per credit hour. Veterans and their families can benefit from the Veteran Grant, which provides 10% off undergrad and master's levels tuition. And for everyone else, the Opportunity Grant offers the same 10% tuition savings, making higher education within reach for all. Visit ap.aps.edu/military to learn more American public University education that moves with you.


Bettering your business, takes working with the best. With the James Hardy Alliance, you gain access to leads, training, networking, and support from the number one brand of siding in North America. Achieve new levels of success by joining the James Hardy Alliance today.


This is John Cameron Mitchell and my new fiction podcast series, cancellation Island Stars Holly Hunter. As Karen, a wellness influencer who launches a rehab for the recently canceled In the future, we will all be canceled for 15 minutes. But don't worry, we'll take you from broke to woke or your money back. Cancellation Island's revolutionary rehab therapies like bad touch football, anti-racism, spin class, and mandatory ayahuasca Ceremonies are designed to force the cancel to confront their worst impulses, but everything starts to fall apart when people start disappearing. Karen, Where have you brought us? Cancellation Island, where a second chance might just be your last listen to Cancellation Island on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts.