
The holidays are about spending time with your loved ones and creating magical memories that will last a lifetime. So whether it's family and friends you haven't seen in a while, or those who you see all the time, share holiday magic this season with an ice cold Coca-Cola. Copyright 2024. The Coca-Cola Company.


The holidays are here. It's that time of year to think about yes, gifts, but not only gifts. It's the guests, the party planning, and the true meaning of the season. Spending time with family and friends. We know it's a lot, but we're here to ease your mind and share some tips. So we'll make it through. Together with the season getting underway, now is the time to shop for amazing holiday deals at Amazon. Amazon has a wide selection for all your holiday needs. Amazon last minute deals are here. Shop last minute deals now on Amazon and visit amazon.com/black Effect podcast for my favorite picks.


What's it like to get the new iPhone 16 Pro with at t? Next up, anytime. It's like when you first light up the grill and think of all the mouthwatering possibilities. Learn how to get the new iPhone 16 Pro with Apple Intelligence on at and t and the latest iPhone everywhere with at t's. Next up, anytime at t connecting changes everything. Apple Intelligence coming 4 20 24 with Siri and device language to set us English. Some features and languages will be coming over the next year. $0 offer may be not available on future iPhones. Next up, anytime Feature may be discontinued at any time. Subject. To change additional fees, terms and restrictions, apply c att.com/iphone four detail.


You could sit there and listen to ads, or you could take a moment to have a Diet Coke break. First, grab a chill diet Coke. 'cause if you wanted to be perfect, it needs to be crispy. Next, get a big cup of ice. 'cause everyone knows Diet Coke is best served swimming in ice, then sip it slowly. Feel that burn and enjoy your break for as long as possible. When you need a break, don't forget to grab an ice cold Diet Coke and take a Diet Coke Break.


Life is an act of constant reinvention. That's true for you and for cause. Nissan Reimagined the all new kicks around you. The Bowles Personal plus sound system with speakers in the headrest keeps you in the groove while the Nissan Safety Shield 360 Technologies keep you safe. If Nissan invented the kicks, you can reinvent yourself. Drive the all new Reimagined Nissan Kicks today. Available Features compatible device service and consumer activation of Nissan Connect Services. Package required use only when safe and legal subject to third party service availability. For more information, see Nissan usa.com/connect/legal. Apple CarPlay is a trademark of Apple Link. Intelligent all wheel drive cannot prevent collisions or provide enhanced traction in all conditions. Always monitor traffic and weather conditions.


Good morning. USA. Yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo, yo yo. Just hilarious. Wake That ass Up. Charlemagne's running late and it's Monday. Hey, Back to the work week. Christmas is almost here. The holidays are here. How you feeling? Can you Believe that? It's nine days that we got until Christmas. Nine days to Christmas. It don't even feel like, yo, remember you used to feel like holiday season. Yes. Like at from, than from Thanksgiving. It'll feel like holiday season all the way to the, after the new year. It don't even feel like that no more. But I, I, I took my son to go see Moana too. Oh, How do you like it? Yo, I loved it. It was dope. I ain't gonna lie, I don't really be with the animated cartoons and all that, but it was lit.


It was cool. And the fact that Alright, lemme tell you how doomed our generations after us are. I'm listening. We sat behind a row of teenagers. Right, man, when Moana came out, oh, me, Moana with the BBL. 'cause You know, she a teenager in this movie. She not a little girl no more. She got a BBL. No, she don't. But it's just the, The World that the teenagers are exposed to now. Like everything is about how Moana was looking fat, how she was looking. Good. She had on her little tube top, they was saying that she was effing Maui. What? I'm like Maui is the character that that is voiced by Dwayne the Rock Johnson. Yo, this is a kid's movie. Why are we talking? We used to do that About, No, I'm not trying to hear none of that then. No. We used to do that Rock Jessica Rabbit and Miss, miss Incredible.


I ain't trying to, but name was just of age. That's all. Yeah. Yo, he 12. Yeah. He was 12, 13, 14 year olds and everything. Oh No. We was kids doing that. I'm just saying the wi the cartoon characters that we were looking at were of age, is what I'm saying. Yeah. Like It Jessica Rabbit, come on now. Yeah. No, no, no. She fired Babe. But is not right. But Crazy. Yes, but, okay. Jesus. But that's, that's them. Moana is not even meant to be sexualized in any way. Yeah. And these teenagers Supposed to be a cartoon Man. I, after the shot of Moana, I'm like, little boy. What, 30? Where you at? That is her age. That is the age though. I looked at my son And I said, if I ever, ever see you talking like this or even hear about it, I'm snatching your ass up.


You in Baltimore? No, we was in Jersey. Oh. Oh, Oh. Well, he can't look at little, he can't look at Girls. No, he can. But he was just listening to the other kids who was in the movie theater and he was like laughing like, man, they doing too much. Nah. You like this, this they entertaining you. Nah, there was some grown ass adults sitting behind you lusting over wan. That'd be a little weird. That's, that's it. A little weird. That crazy. And salute to, I took my kids to see Lion King on Broadway yesterday. I took the whole gang has such an amazing job. Drop a bomb. If you get a chance to go check out The Lion King. Nice. And I just wanna salute to one of the actresses. Her name is Angela Angelica Edwards. Right. I don't know her, but yesterday was, I guess she left, that was her last show. So she did her last curtain call. She's been doing Lion King since 2014.


Wow. She's been doing it that long. And they call her a swinger and, 'cause I'm sitting there listening. 'cause after the show they brought out what a swinger does is she can play any part In the play. Shut up. She could play any part in the play. So it doesn't matter what it is, whether it's the hyenas, whether it is whatever, the men, the women, she plays every part. Right. And yesterday was her, her last, her last day doing the Lion's Kings, so SL to Lion King. My kids had a great time sl to her. That's my, my 3-year-old asked a lot of questions. She had an amazing time. It was just a dope show. So if you get an opportunity to check out the lion cake, definitely though it was perfect for the holidays. Why are we here, man? This supposed to Our last wasn't last week. Supposed to be our last week. Yeah. We here 'cause of you. Never me. Yes. That ain't got got nothing to do with me.


Please. That was you. Really? You okay? So, so, so our boss didn't have us in the office together. But You know what, if we start stuck together, it's me. We stuck together. No, it's me. It's you ahead. It's always me. It's always Charlamagne. It is. That's why I get paid the big bucks. Thank you. Thank Well at least You know. Thank You. Well, the Secretary of Transportation is gonna be joining us this morning. Pete Buttigieg will be there. Pete Booty Judge. He'll be joining us This morning. Boy, shut up. That I cannot, I cannot see. That's why I ain't even do that in the, I can't even look at nobody with the last name. Boot judge. Booty judge. Don't I said, said Pete Booty. Judge said over that. Okay. I said, Pete Booty. You said Booty. I said Booty. It is Booty Judge. No, it ain't what you said. I said, Pete, but ain't and Buttigieg. And by the way, that's what people, that's how people used to pronounce his name four years ago.


They didn't know no better. I said, judge, man, okay, but Pete Buttigieg, he'll be Georgia. That hate crazy. This man have been up here so many times. I Said, Pete Comes up there even when it's not election season, but if you see, talk to our audience. But If you see how it's spelled, like I thought it was Booty Gate, it don't matter. We be talking to man boot booty, booty jug. We've been talking to this man since 2019 when he was the mayor. Then he ran for president. Now he's the Secretary of Transportation. And you still calling him that? Stop being disrespectful. I, we, I said people booty jug. We gonna be talking to him a little bit. I we, we gotta ask him about the drones. Right? Did y'all see the drones this weekend or no? No, I didn't. No. No I didn't. I ain't see him either. All right. Well, we'll get into that when we come back and we got front page news.


So don't move. It's The Breakfast Club. Good morning. Morning Everybody. It's D ej, nv, Jess Charlamagne, the guy. We are The Breakfast Club. Let's get some front page news. Start off with sports. The Chiefs beat the Browns 21 7. The Bengals beat the Titans. The Ravens beat the Giants. Dolphins lost to the Texans. The Jets beat the Jaguars. Cowboys beat the Panthers. Broncos beat the Cols. Bills beat. The Lions Buccaneers beat the charges. The Cardinals beat the Patriots last night. Eagles beat the Steelers. 27 13. The Packers beat the Sea Hawks 30, 30 to 13. And then Monday night Football Bes take on the Vikings at eight and Atlanta takes on the Raiders. Good morning, Morgan. Welcome back. Good morning. Good morning. Happy Monday to y'all.


How y'all feeling? Good. Peace. Morgan, how was your vacay? I, do you care? Oh, I mean, not really, but I just, I know You didn't, I was gonna say you was asking me to shit. You was talking about sharing my job and some boy stuff. Come on now. Don't, don't, let's not do that. Let's You know, no small talk. Remember Charlamagne Really do talk. That's right. I really am power vacation. Let's just go ahead and get into the news because the people care about that. I wanna really talk about Travis Hunter and the Heisman Trophy, but we'll get into that a little bit later. Meanwhile, we have some updates with what's going on with Luigi Manni. Now, the man suspected of killing insurance, CEO, Brian Thompson, he was, he has hired a high powered attorney, Karen Friedman, ag Agne, Agne Agne, excuse me, once served as Manhattan's chief Assistant District attorney, and is now representing man Joni.


Now, her law fam, her law firm, said that they will not be making any statements at this time. He does have a preliminary, he hearing scheduled in Pennsylvania on December 23rd for charges related to a 3D printed gun and a fake id. Now he is a fighting extradition to New York where he does face those murder charges. Now, Manhattan District Attorney, Alvin Bragg, spoke more about that extradition to New York. While NYPD chief of detectives, Joseph Kenny said they still don't know where he got that weapon. So let's hear more from them. Indications are that the defendant may waive, but that waiver is not complete until a court proceeding, which my understanding from court officials in Pennsylvania cannot happen until Tuesday.


The gun itself, it is a ghost gun. It is a, a receiver that is, comes from a gun manufacturer from parts. And then the gun was built up from a 3D printer. So again, he does face second degree murder charges in that fatal shooting of the healthcare executive. Now, he was again, excuse me, he does remain in custody as he does await that trial. And of course you guys heard that he called his mom beforehand. Did y'all hear that? He called his mom. I heard the police went by his mom's house. I guess there was a missing, a person's missing report and they put two and two together and actually knew it was him before they arrested him. That's, that's what I I I did hear that. Yes. Yes. So his, his attorney, excuse me, did file a petition contesting his detention, arguing that Pennsylvania has not proven that he was in New York on that day.


Of course, thousands of donations have since poured in to support the Ivy League graduates legal defense as he awaits bail and extradition on December 30th. Now, New York governor Kathy Hoel, she says she wants him here immediately. But of course they have to work that out with Pennsylvania Governor Josh Shapiro to extradite him to New York. Yeah. Any thoughts? No. Crazy, crazy. No. And I think we need to get him here and get him on trial. I mean, I, I think this should be fast 'cause we just wanna make sure there's no copycats. We wanna make sure there's no nobody, You know, 'cause I see all the flyers around with wanted posters with other execs. So it's scary. I'm sure it's very scary for those other executives. Yeah. Whether or not they, whether, whether or not there's copycats or not, that don't have nothing to do with this trial because these people are ridiculous.


But they're trying to get it out The news so people are not talking about it and seeing it as much. What You mean the news? They can't, they can't stop it from being on social media. Well, not social media. Yeah. Forget that. Mainstream news, the news don't matter. Social media's was shooting this nonsense. Well, NYPD's Deputy Director of Intelligence and Encounter Terrorism, Rebecca Wiener, she said there is real concerns that there could be copycat violence following Thompson's murder just similar to this. So again, we'll keep you posted in regards to what's going on. Looking like President-elect Trump, he's cleaning up his legal matters as well. He's decided to settle his defamation lawsuit with a b, c News and anchor George Stephanopoulos. They filed a suit back in March after Stephanopoulos said in an interview that Trump was liable for rape.


Now he was in fact held liable for sexual abuse under New York law, but not rape. So new court documents revealed the network agreed to pay out $15 million and issue a public apology in return. Trump's team is dropping the lawsuit. So yeah, we'll keep you guys posted on everything. Trump and also who's up next? We'll talk more about that at 7:00 AM Looks like we're running outta time in this segment here. Alright, well we'll see you next hour. Alright, everybody else get it off your chest. 805 8 5 1 0 5 1 if you need to vent, phone lines are wide open. Again, 805 8 5 1 0 5 1. Let us know how your weekend was. I mean the holiday of Christmas is right around the corner. Nine days like Jess said. So call us up right now. Let me know how you're doing. It's The Breakfast Club.


Good morning. The Breakfast Club. This is your time to get it off your chest. Keep calling. 805 8 5 1 0 5 1. We wanna hear from you on The Breakfast Club. Hello. Who's this? Yo, this Rob from New Orleans. Rob from New Orleans. What's up? Get it off your chest. What's up? Good morning fella. Good morning. Good morning Breakfast Club. Good morning man. Good Morning. Good morning. Good morning. Good morning Jason. Good morning, envy. Good morning. Morning brother. I want to get out my chest man. This is my first year anniversary. I got married one year ago today. Congratulations Congrat, Man. Congratulations sir. That's What up. Thank you. Thank you. I want, I want to give a shot to my wife's sleep right now.


So when she wake up, You know we an hour, we hour behind. So I woke up just to get that off my chest. I love you baby. Happy first year anniversary. What y'all doing today? Anything Man, we about have a whole day, whatever she want to do today, ed, to her. So we about to, we about to whatever. Whenever she get up, we about to have a whole day wine and dine, whatever she want to do. So it's it is up, it is up to me. I, I woke up just to do this. I said my o'clock this morning to do this, this, this the first thing when she wake up this morning, I'm gonna play this in the morning at 16. Oh, You got a whole day plan. You ain't playing. Yeah. Yeah. I got a whole day. I got a whole day planned. I got, we, we took the day off today. We got our daytime stuff. We bring on baby girl daycare and we about, we, we started with The Breakfast Club.


We ended, we end with whatever, whatever we do we going to do. But You know, I just wanna shout out my baby girl. Happy one year rest of my Baby. Alright brother. Have a good one man. Enjoy your day. Yes sir. Appreciate y'all. Hello. Who's this? Hello? Hey, what's your name bro? This, This, this. Don't plan it from Miami Envy. What's good? What's up brother? Get it off your chest. Hey, good morning everybody. Good morning man. Hey, I got a, I got, I got, I heard envy. You said that you, you finished doing your Christmas shopping already, right? Yep, I did last week. And what about Charlemagne and the Jess? I don't do no Christmas shopping. That's my wife. No, I'm not finished. Sadly. I thought I was last week. But do You know how every day you think of a new person, like damn. Yeah. Well my, my thing is, is I hate when the holidays come around and y'all take like two weeks off the radio.


Gotta listening to reruns. Man. We won't be one to listen to them reruns man. We need a live show bro. Bro. We need, we need a break too. Like we Talking just like you. Alright, alright. Alright. Char, you said you, you say you need a, y'all need a break so maybe y'all should have like a second crew come in. I take over and Lauren London Osa. Y'all mean we come in LaRosa. Lauren London Then Lauren don't need a breakthrough. Lauren be here with us every day. Put You in here right now somewhere. What? So That's all you got. That's all. That's all. That's it. Yeah. Yeah. That's all I got. Get it off your chest. 805 8 5 1 0 5 1. If you need to vent, hit us up now. It's The Breakfast Club. Good morning.


The Breakfast Club. Ray. Ray. Ray. Yo, char man. Envy. What up are we live? This Is your time to get it off your chest. I got an indoor pool, a outdoor Pool. We want to hear from you on The Breakfast Club. We can get on the phone right now. Here. Tell you what it is. We live. Hello? Who's this? Hey, this is Sailor Taylor. What up brother? Get off your chest. DJ Envy this DJ Envy, right? Yes sir. Man, look, I'm right with you man. I'm a New York Giants fan. Wow. I'm so freaking sad As you should be my Brother. He, he we down here in Atlanta. So he, he said Oh man, I got you some, I got you some box seats and we going to see the game 'cause we next week.


Yeah. Play next week. Yeah, we play Atlanta next week. I know. So I think I'm gonna run through there but I'm probably gonna be naked because Hey What you gonna try to go streak? You gonna try to go Streak to, you wanna go to jail for that transit? Nah, nah, nah, nah, nah, nah, nah, nah. Nothing like that. But what's up son? Man, what's up Jess? What's Up Baby? Don't go to jail for the trash as team I Want. Nah dog aint that type of party. But what I wanted to say is, look, I left Atlanta PD 'cause I was a detective there for a couple years and so I know Charlemagne, I remember you mentioned about meeting people who knows about law enforcement and stuff like that. That's me. So, so happened. I just have to be up normally.


I don't catch you at this time, but I get this information. I would love to give y'all a lot of information. 'cause when y'all sitting there talking about gun thug and the, the dude that I guess unfortunately killed the guy NYC. Just a little insight. So I don't mind sending you on my resume and giving a little bit of insight. Okay. Alright, well well put you on hold. So you, maybe you could be one of the people we, we we talked to when we need some, some law enforcement insight. Yeah. Alright, well can I say one more thing? Sure. So DJ Envy. Yes sir. We New York Giants fans. However, though I need Lamar. Lamar is on my fantasy team. Los Shout to Baltimore.


Hey, I appreciate that. I don't, I don't know how that works together, but I don't respect that. Lose we lose. Me neither, but it's some money. Money. He said Me neither. Bus some money. Goodbye sir. Hey, look, I ain't here 600 million here. I don't respect that. Goodbye sir. You got a team. You should want your team to win no matter what. You shouldn't be thinking about. You know, they're playing another team and you putting players from the other team on your fantasy team and the other people doing good. Like no, you can't have it both ways. Hello. Who's this? Good Morning. Morning Breakfast club. It's Leon from Miami. Leon from Miami. What's up? Get it off your chest. Yeah, I just wanted to wish my daughter a happy birthday she had yesterday with ice skating and she is right next to me right now. I'm taking her to school. She just turned 12.


What's her name? Oh, Her name is Miley. Okay. Miley. Happy birthday Molly. Happy birthday girl. Thank you. You're welcome. Could y'all let her know that Bruno Mars is not better than Michael Jackson? Because she's giving me problems with It. Not even close. That's Subjective though. Like, she's 12. She does No, that's subjective for her age. No, no, no. We, we think that, but we are her like dad's age. We're like her parents' age. That is true. How old is, how old is she? She, she's 12. She just turned 12. 12 today. You need to play more Michael Jackson than The call. Yeah. Play more Michael Jackson. But to us Michael was better to them. Bruno was better. That is there. Michael Jackson. True to them. But Jacque better, what I was telling, what I was telling her also is that she got Bruno gotta get through Chris Brown before he can get to Michael Jackson.


Feel Me? Okay. Usher. That's true. You, I, all right, well have a good one brother. And, and, and, and enjoy your birthday, Miley. Thank you. All right, brother. And let me salute it up to everybody in Miami. So Rolo Lau was in Miami. Nice. So I wanna salute to every parking lot attender, every bouncer, every security. Mm. Every manager, every artist. Because my son had an amazing time. And if I tell you how many times he FaceTimed me, your pops, your dad. You see him? I told you. That's my dad. Alright. Come on. In the whole weekend, the whole, it doesn't matter. Three in the morning. FaceTime. What's up, Logan? Hey Pops, I'm I'm in your here. The whole morning he had, he had the most amazing time ever. I love that. And he got practice this morning so soon. Did Anybody ask Logan, why is his dad, gee, why you gay?


Nobody asked. Nah, nobody asked that. But if they did, who would be his boyfriend? I have no idea. Get it off Your chest. 805 8 5 1 0 5 1. That's stupid. We got just with the mess coming up. Oh my God. Yes. Chris Brown showed out in Africa. Show what? Bye. And be all because He showed out. Yo. All right. All right, we'll get to it next. It's The Breakfast Club. Good morning. The Breakfast Club Morning, everybody. We are The Breakfast Club. That was Chris Brown and let's Absolutely it was Chris Brown. Who Else? Let's get to just with the mess and we talking. Chris Brown, You is real. Whether Just Robin Moore just don't do no lying.


Don't do, She Don't spare nobody Worldwide. Jess worldwide mess on The Breakfast Club. She's a cultureship. She was able to get y'all to see something and understand something that nobody could get you to see. It's time to shut it door. Okay. So Chris Brown, just over the weekend on the 14th and the 15th of December, he performed at FNB Stadium in Johannesburg and listen, 92,000 fans. Wow. That's a record breaking crowd. That's Crazy. Yeah, Absolutely. I just wanted to give y'all that. It Was 92,000 each night. I think it was one show, right? I thought, I don't know if he did one. No, No. On the four ST 15. He did two. Oh, okay.


2002 shows. Wow. That was all together. Oh wow. 92,000 Bomb from Chris Brown. Absolutely. That's amazing. Excuse me. That's why the internet is a liar. Yeah. The internet will have you thinking people, they, they hate folks and Yeah. You know, certain people are canceled, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah. Yeah. Until you see them, You know, have 92,000 people come out for them, then what? All over The World. They love this man. So let's just stop playing with him. Okay. All The comments were like, he killed it too. They said he did an amazing Show. Absolutely. We can expect nothing less but that. Okay. Jay-Z accuser admits to inconsistencies. So the lady who accused Jay-Z and indeed Diddy of sexually assaulting her, sat down with an exclusive interview with NBC. And she asked to be off camera to Rena remain anonymous. And during our conversation, she shared the story of when she went to the VMAs back in 2004, chance to see her favorite celebrities In addition to having autism.


The woman says she suffered a head injury the night of the two thousands VMAs. She says a friend drove her from Rochester, New York to Manhattan, a more than five hour drive. Her attorney provided NBC News with the name of the friend who has since died. The woman says she spoke to Combs limo driver who offered her a ride to an after party. And I stumbled upon Diddy's driver who told me that I was exactly what Diddy was looking for. What Did you think when he said that to you? I thought it meant that I was just pretty. She went to a White House, she says, where she spoke to musicians, Benji Madden and his brother. I'm Talking to Benji Madden about his tattoo because, You know, I have a really his about his tattoo.


That's the last Supper in a statement to NBC news. A representative of the Maddens confirmed that they did not attend the 2000 VMAs and that they were on tour in the Midwest at the time. NBC also revealed some more inconsistencies in her story. At the after party. She says she had a drink that made her feel woozy. Then she says Combs. And Carter took turns raping her while a female celebrity watched Jce comes in and s me. Well, he, at that point, I was fighting, trying to get away from him. And he put his hand over my mouth and told me to stop it. Cut. You know, stop it. Cut the, After the alleged, she says she ran to a gas station where she called her father, who picked her up and drove her home.


We wrote home in silence. She didn't ask me what happened. He didn't ask me what I did or where I was In an interview with NBC News. Her father said he could not verify the claims quote. I felt like I would remember that. And I don't, I have a lot going on, but I mean, that's something that would definitely stick in my mind. He said, when we asked the woman about the contradictions in a phone interview on Friday, she said that she stands by her statements, I have made some mistakes. She said, honestly, what is the clearest is what happened to me. Can we wrap this foolishness up? What is this nonsense, man? Yeah, it is crazy. Tony Busby made a statement as her lawyer. He said, because we've interrogated her intensely, she has even agreed to submit to a polygraph. This has been extremely distressing for her.


To the point she has experienced seizures and had to seek medical treatment due to the stress. And then So, so they telling me that he, he's saying to us that he interrogated her so much and she told that story. And that's what he decided to put front and center, which is crazy after, after crazy interrogation. He also said too that, what's up, Lauren? Oh, hey, y'all. Hang. So what, which is crazy because he also said too that because she came from another law firm, they're still looking into it. But Turn your mic up a little bit. Just push your mic up. Yep. Because she came from another law firm to them that they're actually still vetting her. That the first law firm vetted her and then sent her over Sound. It sounds like bs the fact that her dad, it is bad bs her dad doesn't remember the fact that she said she was talking to somebody, had a conversation with somebody that wasn't even in the state.


Like, this is just getting crazy. And, and what what's really pissing me off is if Busbee knew all this and you let her do that interview Yeah. As your client. Like, come on what I'm saying. Get into that. We gonna get into that? Yeah, yeah, yeah. Jay-Z Roc Nation said, released a statement from Jay-Z, said, toga, today's investigative report proves this attorney Busby filed a false complaint against me in the pursuit of money and fame. This incident didn't happen. And yet he filed it in court and doubled down in the press. True justice is coming. We, we fight from victory, not for victory. This was over before it began. This one 800 lawyer doesn't realize it yet, but soon. And At, at some point, we gotta start holding the networks responsible for even giving people like just a time of day. You could just put them behind a curtain and let their shadow Talk. Just let it Well, well, she, well that network did expose it though.


'cause the network make it sound even sillier than she sounded before. So the network get exposed. This, that network seem like they did it from a fair point of view. Most, most of the times when you have an accuser on, you have to, if anything's inconsistent, you have to come out and say it. CNN has done that before too. How about don't even put them on if their story's inconsistent. How about when you re when you interview them beforehand? Why even do the story if You know it's inconsistency? Because I mean, if we gonna be honest, it's because people, because JayZ is a Celebrity and Jay-Z is a celebrity. It's filed in court. So you have something to stand behind. 'cause it's an actual, You know what I mean? But I think this helps Jay, I think this helps Jay-Z and his Team. Yeah. And then what does he do now in response to this? So basically they've already done it that night. They sent the letter to the court and Jay-Z team basically said that this filing has no factual basis. So remember I was mentioning that Tony, Tony Busby, you read part of the statement.


In, in, in addition to what Jess was saying earlier, he came out and said, look, she came over from another law firm. We, You know, she was vetted by them. We're still looking into her claims. But by law as an attorney, when you filed something, this is what Jay-Z's team is saying in this letter they wrote to the court the night that this interview came out, you're supposed to vet it where You know it's you, you gonna stand behind the fact that it's factual. Right? Right. And the minute that you, so you put that paperwork out, you realize any inconsistencies or anything is wrong, you're supposed to withdraw that. So they're basically sent to a judge. Like if you move forward with this, this is a violation of his rights. It makes no sense. It's not consistent, it's not factual. They're asking for it to get dismissed. So now they have to wait to hear from a judge on that. And they also pointed out the inconsistencies and mentioned number one, like when she mentioned that she went to the White House, which was supposed to be Diddy's house, there's photos that they can prove that are out that show Jay-Z and Diddy that night at a after party at Lotus Nightclub, not in a house.


So there's a several different things that they're adding. In addition, There's really no houses in Manhattan. I don't know if people know that. There's like no, like actual houses. Like that's like smaller brownstones and stuff like that. Yeah. On YouTube they say, I own a house that's 146,000 square feet in Manhattan. I Saw that. Oh wow. That's what made Me asked you. My mama asked me about that. Y'all in Manhattan? Yo. In Manhattan. 46. They said you Hamptons Too. You Know how much that would be? They said I got a 10 million crib in Hampton too. In Hamptons. Really? That's What you on YouTube. I was video. We could sit me next to some money. Thank you. Thank you. But I, I, I pray that Jay-Z c Jay-Z has the money to do this. Right. He's a billionaire. I pray that he goes all the way with this. Like, because this has stopped so many people from doing false statements like this.


I hope he goes all the way with this. Go at Busby. Go. I hope he goes all the way with it. He got The bread. There is one thing that I wish they would've ask this young lady. 'cause they keep skimming over this. Oh my God. They said, because there, there is an eyewitness, according to her who she said it was a female celebrity. Oh, oh yes. In the room. Yes. I want them to ask her who it is. 'cause I know she gonna say Dolly Parton. It was, it was she gonna say something so stupid? You be like, what? She said it was a female celebrity watching Who's the female celebrity ma'am? Just for just for, I forgot it was celebrity A and B In the room. Yeah. Just for, just for giggles. Did She giggles? I wanna know who she, who's the female celebrity And the friend that drove up died. Yes. So you can't, you should ask. I I guarantee you if she told us who the female celebrity was, everybody be like, all right, come on now.


Wrap this up. Now She time to go. Well she gonna say somebody that's dead because, so you can't ask And the case is dismissed and You know what I mean? It's dismissed. But until then we gotta see how this plays out. Yeah, that would be crazy. Who's the female celebrity? Amy Winehouse. Like Gonna say Amy Winehouse. She'd Be like, come on now. Can't ask. Come on now you lady. Alright, well that was just with the mess. Just with the mess. Thank you Jess. Now when we come back, we have front page news and then Pete Buttigieg will be joining us. He's the Secretary of Transportation. So don't go anywhere. It's The Breakfast Club. Good morning. Morning everybody. It's DJ Envy. Just hilarious. Charlamagne the guy. We are The Breakfast Club. Let's get back in some front page news. Let's start up with sports football. The Chiefs beat the Browns. The Bengals beat the Titans. Ravens beat the Giants.


Texans beat the Dolphins. The Jets beat the Jaguars. Cowboys finally won. They beat the Panthers. The Broncos beat the Coachs Buccaneers beat the charges. Cardinals beat the Patriots. Bills beat the Lions. I knew that was a game. Packers beat the Seahawks and the Eagles beat the Steelers. Now I'm, you Say the Ravens beat the Giants. I said that. Oh, okay. This makes sure, but you like the scratch. Are you saying things like, my cowboys finally won? Like that don't make no sense. Like y'all got y'all ass washed yesterday. We did. It was 35, 14. I I didn't expect much. I mean, our backup to the backup to the backup was out 'cause he got a concussion. So what I don, I don't know what, but in Monday night football, the beer take on the Vikings and the Falcons take on the Raiders. All right. Morning Morgan. Good morning. Good morning y'all. And it's a good morning for Travis Hunter and anybody who attended an HBCU.


'cause we love to see it. So Travis Hunter is the winner of the 2024 Heisman Trophy. He received the prestigious award on Saturday night in New York and was recognized as the best college football player in the 2024 season. Which means a lot being that he started out at Jackson State, You know, which is an HBCU. He played both cornerback and wide receiver positions. During his time with the Colorado Buffalos, under the leadership of Coach Prime, Dion Sanders, he beat out Boise State running back. Ashton Jinky, along with quarterback finalist Cameron Ward from Miami. And Dylan Gabriel from Oregon. During his speech, he thanked his mom. Of course, coach Prime, Deion Sanders, Shado Sanders, and Lil Wayne. Let's hear more from Travis Hunters Heisman Trophy speech.


Thank you. I wanna thank Coach Prime Shado. Man, y'all changed my life forever. That one simple phone call daughter, look at where I'm at, man. That's crazy bro. It is crazy. I'm trying not to get emotional 'cause I know our last game coming up soon. But I'm thankful for both of y'all. Coach f I'm gonna whip you on that late tomorrow or whenever we get the chance. But thank you man. You changed my life forever. I told you that multiple times. I'm really appreciate of it. Wayne. You don't know how you came here, came into our life, man. My fiance love you. I ain't learn none of, I didn't know none of your songs until she, until she, she let me know.


'cause I don't listen to music. She's letting me know. She, she, she told me, you, you gotta listen to this. If you don't listen to music, listen to Wayne. And from that day on, that's all I listened to. Pregame music, that's the song. Those are songs I listen to when I get in that TRX And I blast that music. I'm listening to Wayne. It's crazy. Six foot, seven foot, eight Foot Hut. That's my song. Dropping a Clue with Bomb for Travis Hunt, man. What? You don't listen to music. Don't listen music. That's Right. Oh man. Then shout out to Coach Prime for getting his girlfriend to stand up real quick. You know what I'm saying? I saw that. I saw that sitting down. But You know what I'm saying, maybe she just been locked in so long. I'm used to this. Mm. But no, but yes, for sure.


Tra congratulations again to Travis Hunter. Speaking of Reflected on the last four years, president Biden. Well, he did that over the weekend when he spoke at the DNC holiday reception. Now thanking fellow Democrats for helping pass legislation that he says will change America for decades to come. He told crowds that the laws they've helped pass during his administration have helped grow America's economy and infrastructure. Citing trillions spent in private sector investments across the country. Let's hear more from President Biden. You should be so damn proud of the work we've done together. You should never forget all you've done for the country. I'm also proud that we can say we've done all this with a deep belief in the core values of America. Those values were all created.


You heard me say it a hundred times, You know, we're the most unique nation in The World. Every other nation was based on geography, religion, ethnicity, some common factor. But in America, we were building an idea, an idea, an idea. The only country in The World, we hold these truths self evident to all men and women are created equal. Everyone should have a fair shot. Hate should never have a safe harbor in America. That's what we're about. We've never fully lived up to all of that. But we've never, we, we stuck with our principles and said high standard of character integrity in public life. Economists say that President-elect Trump is poised to inherit a strong economy from Biden in January. Meanwhile, we mentioned this a little bit off air Pennsylvania.


Governor Josh Shapiro is blasting President Biden's decision to commute the sentence, a former judge convicted and the kids for cash scandal. Now, Shapiro said that the president got it absolutely wrong by granting a commute commuted sentence for Judge Michael co conahan and created a lot of pain for the community. Now, Khan was given a 17 year sentence in 2011, after he and another judge were found guilty of sending juvenile inmates to for-profit jails for millions of dollars in kickbacks. Now, Shapiro said Khan deserved to be behind bars, not a walking free man. Any thoughts on that? You guys? Governor Josh Shapiro is absolutely positively right?


There's so many other people that are more worthy of a pardon than that guy. And Hunter Biden for that matter. I mean, I guess we all understand Hunter Biden. 'cause that's President Biden. Yeah, we understand his son. That's President Biden's son. But You know, there's no reason for this guy to be getting a a pardon? You still got all of these nonviolent weed offenders in federal prison right now. You have nonviolent drug offenders in federal prison. You have Marilyn Mosby. There's a whole lot of people that are more deserving of a pardon than this dude. Yeah. And, and, and for people that don't know, like she said, I mean, this guy's a notorious known for Kids for Cash scandal, which basically, I, I guess so many different people, I guess allegedly gave him harshest sentences to, to get some money, which is crazy. So, so you just imagine, you, you have family, family members, friends in jail a longer time, not because they deserve it, but because his his friend allegedly owned a jail and was getting more money from it.


That's wild. And you let him out free. That's not crazy to anybody. That's insane. But I, I don't expect much from President Biden. I don't expect much from these people's savior. They love President boy. I know these Negroes love him from President Biden. But it It, it is funny. They say he, You know, he's way better than Trump. But is he who? Biden They the same to me. I see what you saying. I'm not gonna say the same. I'm not gonna get my son out. I got my son out. This guy that, that that locked up so many people. I'm gonna get him out. Like, I, I, it's, it's, it's levels. I'll say it's levels to corruption. Mm. That's what I'll say. They're all, they, they, so Trump Is a 10, he's a 9.8. I don't know what the, the nu the metrics would be. I would just say there's levels to corruption And I just don't like when you make, when people on one side make excuses.


The holidays are about spending time with your loved ones and creating magical memories that will last a lifetime. So whether it's family and friends you haven't seen in a while, or those who you see all the time, share holiday magic this season with a nice cold Coca-Cola. Copyright 2024, the Coca-Cola company.


What does it feel like to get the new iPhone 16 pro with at and t? Next up, anytime. It's like when you first pick up those tongs and you're now the one running the grill, it's indescribable like something you've never felt before. All the mouthwatering anticipation of new possibilities, whether it's making a perfect cheeseburger or treating your family to a grilled baked potato, which You know will forever change the way you look at potatoes with at t. Next up, anytime you can feel this way again and again, learn how to get the new iPhone 16 pro with Apple intelligence on at and t and the latest iPhone everywhere with at t's. Next up, anytime at t connecting changes everything. Apple intelligence coming fall 2024 with Siri and device language to set us English. Some features and languages will be coming over the next year. $0 offer may be not available on future iPhones. Next up, anytime future may be discontinued at any time. Subject to change additional fees, terms and restrictions apply. See att.com/iphone four details.


The holidays are here and it's that time of year to think about yes, gifts but not only gifts, it's the guest, the party planning, and the true meaning for this season. Spending time with family and friends. We know it's a lot, but we're here to ease your mind and share some tips. So we'll make it through. Together with the season getting underway, now's the time to shop for amazing holiday deals at Amazon. Amazon has a wide selection for all your holiday needs. I mean, personally, I would just love one of those robo self-cleaning kitty litter boxes. Thinking about things I know that's real specific, but hint, hint. Amazon last minute deals to hear. Shop last minute deals now on Amazon and visit amazon.com/black Effect podcast for my favorite picks.


The World is constantly changing. It's up to you to decide how to respond. Choose to be bold. Try something new. Choose to reinvent yourself. That's what Nissan did with the all new totally reimagined kicks. The dynamic new exterior styling immediately announces that Nissan isn't messing around the interior. A completely redesigned cabin with premium features like wireless, apple car play and a panoramic moonroof makes driving a kicks immersive and exciting. And with new performance and safety features like intelligent all wheel drive, the kicks is both more fun and safer to drive than ever before. It's the dawning of a brand new era for the Nissan Kicks. Only one question remains. Is it a new era for you as well? Drive the all new reimagined Nissan Kicks today available Feature. Bose is a registered trademark of the Bose Corporation. Nissan Safety Shield Technologies can't prevent all collisions or worn in all situations. See owner's manual for important safety information.


Hey fam, this is Carlos Miller from the 85 South Show. If you're like me, you are always thinking about how to level up your career. Maybe you're fresh outta college, just starting in your field or even looking to switch things up and find your true calling. Whatever stage you're in, remember that this is your time to grow, to learn, and to build something that lasts. State Farm understands that early career development is key to long-term success. They've been a steady presence in our community and they know having the right support early can make all the difference. State Farm is there to help you make smart moves and to help you get the coverage you need. We all know that the journey to success is a marathon, not a sprint. It's all about staying focused, staying grounded, and making sure you're protected every step of the way. Let's build our careers with confidence, knowing that State Farm is there to support us just like they've always been because Like a good neighbor, State Farm is there. Find out more@statefarm.com


For the corruption that happens in their party. And then act like the other party's not doing the same type of stuff. And then the other parties are the same thing. It's just all whack. It's the same. Everybody should learn how to be objective. But like I said on the view, this is what happens when you pick a team. When you pick a team, it's impossible for you to be objective. Come over here and gimme a kiss. Man, shut up. Oh my God. Let's talking about the view. Okay. Sorry. All right, well let's wrap things up with a very fortunate story out of sports. Randy Moss has announced that he has an ongoing battle with cancer. The NFL Hall of Famer posted a video on Friday revealing he's been in the hospital for the last few days for a surgery related to his illness. Now Moss says his doctors discovered a tumor between his pancreas and liver and he has had two procedures since Thanksgiving.


To remove the mass. He said he will have to go through chemo and radiation, but he's already describing himself as a cancer survivor. Of course, he thanked his families, friends and fans for their support during this difficult time. So sending thoughts, prayers to Randy Moss and Speedy Recoveries to you. Absolutely. That's your front page news. I'm Morgan Wood. Follow me on Social App Morgan Media and follow us. For more news coverage at Black Information Network, download the free iHeartRadio App and visit us@binews.com. Thank You. Alright, thank you Morgan. Peace Morgan. Now when we come back, now when we come back, secretary of Transportation, Pete Buttigieg will be joining us. So we'll talk to him next. And don't move, it's The Breakfast Club. Good morning, The Breakfast Club.


Morning everybody. It's DJ Envy. Jess, hilarious. Charlamagne, the guy. We are The Breakfast Club. Angela R of course is checking in with us as always. And we got a special guest in the building. Secretary of Transportation, Pete Bodi. Judge, welcome back. Thanks. Good to be back. Good morning. How are you man? Morning. Happy holiday by the way. Same to you. You gonna dump Right in? Yeah, jump. Jump right in. Secretary Pete, you are the Secretary of Transportation. What do You know about these manned SUV sized drones flying over New Jersey? John scare the hell out of us. John Kirby, the National Security C Communications advisors said they were manned. Yep. What do you think of this? So, I mean, we're helping law enforcement work through it all. Mainly a homeland security issue. Our job is to make sure that any restricted airspace, nothing comes in there that shouldn't be there.


That includes airspace over an airport. Sometimes another area could be restricted because it's sensitive. For example, that's close to the Trump Golf Club. There's temporary flight restrictions there. Bigger picture is we're gonna have more and more drones. Obviously if it's man, that's different. But we're gonna have more and more things entering the airspace. We gotta work to make sure that's safe. This is not a world where anything flying is either an airplane or a helicopter. The drones are getting bigger. Look, it can be a good thing to have these resources to deliver. For example, you're in a really hard to reach area. You can make deliveries, but we're talking about potentially millions of these coming into the airspace. And what we're trying to do, especially on the FAA side, is coordinate all that.


Make sure it's safe. Donald Trump was on with Joe Rogan. They had a whole conversation about aliens, not the kind he wants to deport actual extraterrestrial. Then Cliff High said 39 days after that interview, we were gonna start having an alien invasion around December 3rd. That's when all of these SUV sized drones, which I've even seen started getting seen over Jersey. Is it an alien invasion? I mean, no disrespect to New Jersey. When I say that I, I think it's very unlikely that an alien invasion would begin New watch out. We lived it. I know buddy, but dang. But No, no, Nobody wants to come to Jersey. I love New Jersey. I'm just saying I, I don't think that's the kind of main point of entry that that an extra terres, unless there's something we don't know about.


You Know, the Aliens with a tan may go New Jersey sho or something like That. It's wintertime. Oh, you right. American dreaming might go with ski. I Think you did not think this how the interview was started. I Would think I would. I would go for someplace in the Pacific where there's no inhabited space for a couple of hundred miles so that I could kind of get my bearings before I go anywhere. Anyone's gonna see me, right? Mm. What if their intelligent life, Well, you still wanna take your time kind of set, set up. Set up shop a little bit. What If they been watching this for years already? Yeah, Maybe. I don't know. He Has, You know, secretary Pete, he's making my anxiety change. Secretary Pete knows something. You wanna take Out the Secretary of transportation, just SUV size. Anything flying in the sky, You know about, there's Like millions of things in the national airspace. Right? So I do actually we do have a, we do have a big board at the U-S-D-O-T, which has the, the, the dots kinda show you the tracking of, of commercial aircraft.


But yeah, I, I don't necessarily know all that. Okay. Well how are you feeling? I'm sorry to start like that. How are you feeling? How is everything? You know, it's an interesting time. I mean, work-wise what we're focused on is we have more grants. We're we're working to get out the door, make sure we take the funding that's in the president's infrastructure package and assigned it to projects that are gonna make a difference. So we have more announcements coming on that. And then the things we've already announced, it can take years to, to go from a press release saying, You know, congratulations, we're gonna work on the, let's say the Hudson River Tunnel and it actually happening. So we're trying to move that along. We're trying to finalize a lot of policies we set into motion. We just did one a few days ago on airlines, again, how airlines treat people and, and what kind of compensation you ought to get.


That wa that was launching a policy. We're also finalizing some policies that we launched a while ago. So we're, we're busy. We're gonna stay busy for the next 38 days that, that we have in these jobs. And I got, we gotta talk about the election. How do you feel after the election? What do you think could have been done to make sure that we the Democrats would've got a win? Look, it's tough And I, I gotta be careful how I talk about it. 'cause I'm, I'm here as a federal official, so I can't totally get into campaigns and parties, but I'll say this, I think all politics and all policy is about everyday life. And if people don't feel that that's what we're talking about, then they lose touch with what we have to say. And I think we have a responsibility, I try to do all of our policy making in terms of everyday life. Whether we're doing a, You know, a billion dollar project, how's it gonna make your commute better?


Or whether we're doing a regulation, how's it gonna make your life safer? But we have to communicate about that too. And that gets harder and harder with the noise machine and the culture wars. And I think a lot of folks aren't following kind of mainstream media to get their news anyway, just getting tougher and tougher to have that conversation. I still believe at risk of sounding naive, I still believe that if you do the right thing in time, you get credit for it. I saw that happen with Obamacare, the Affordable Care Act, where the first time I was running for office in 2010, we got destroyed over that issue. By 2018 it was a winning issue. And even Donald Trump and a Republican Congress couldn't tear it down because the American people wanted, understood that it was helping them. I, I think there's a lot of things like that, that we're doing right now.


But the, the simple truth is, most of the stuff with infrastructure, most of the stuff we launched in the first half of this decade is going to deliver most of its benefits in the second half of this decade. That's when they cut the ribbon on the, the bridge that we fixed or open the airport terminal that we funded. Or people realize that something like the refund policy we're doing on airlines is working for them. All these EV factories, I I, I've toured many of which by the way, are in Red States, Indiana, Kentucky, Kansas, most of those, I, when I've toured them, they've been construction sites and they're gonna be, they're already creating all these jobs in the building trades to build them. But the manufacturing jobs in them, they're coming online in like 20 25, 20 26, 20 27.


So we're in this stage where you're not always getting credit for good work. You know, I am, I'm, I'm not gonna have you violate the Hatch Act, but I think one of the things that has been up for discussion is what's gonna happen with the Democratic Party. You're of course a part of the Democratic administration. And recently I was asked who would be a good DNC chair? And you might not like this, but I thought of you. But you talk about whether or not that's something that you would be interested in, and if not, who you think would be good. Not in your official capacity. Yeah. In your personal capacity, who you think would be the type of chair they need to see to preserve frankly, whatever they've built in that party.


Yeah. So, well, it's not gonna be me. I care about that a lot, but it's just not, it's not what I'm gonna be doing right now. I'm following it a lot. I can't get into party stuff too much this time, but what I'll say is, You know, whether you're talking about what goes on in the party campaigns or the policy side, and even though we're about to be out of the administration, we've got leaders in obviously communities. We've got governors and we've got people on Capitol Hill who are going to, I think, show what leadership from my side of the aisle looks like. And I think a lot of it will be, You know, you're mentioning an experience I did on a, a channel called Jubilee, which I got a ton of feedback about.


That was great, because there's different people than the folks who were watching what I might have to say on CNN or Fox News, or M-S-N-B-C. How many people was it? It was like a 20 maybe one, right? It was a lot. 20, 24, But like millions Of people. Oh, the experience. Yeah. It was like 20, it was like in a room with 25 people. And what it reminded me of was what it was like being mayor, where, You know, I, I didn't, somebody stops you in the parking lot of the grocery store 'cause they wanna know why you changed the trash pickup from the front of the house to the back of the house, and they're mad at you. You, you gotta explain it and you can't go to talking points. And I think a lot of the best voices we have are people who having to have those kinds of conversations Yeah, that's right. In their communities. Absolutely. And not the stuff that's, that's dominating the attention of, of a place like Capitol Hill.


You know, back when I was running, I talked a lot about, You know, needing to have perspectives from outside of Washington. When I got to Washington, I noticed two things. One, in all humility. Like that town is full of a lot of really good people, public servants who come to work every day trying to do the right thing and who care about this country. But also it is a very self-absorbed place. Like, even more than any other kind of scene that I've seen, more than any city, more than Hollywood. Like, it is a place where like everybody wants to talk about what this senator had for breakfast. You know what I, Chas And I got there, we start reading like writeups the next day online about like where we were having dinner and stuff. Like, it's, it's just very inward looking sometimes. We've gotta get outta that. And, and that's part of why I, I will be out of wash.


Well, not that I'm invited for the next four years, but, but I think it'll be helpful to be outta Washington for the next few years for Me. All right. We got more with Pete Buttigieg when we come back. He's the Secretary of Transportation. It's The Breakfast Club. Good morning. Morning everybody. It's DJ Envy. Just hilarious. Charlamagne the guy. We are The Breakfast Club. We're still kicking it with the Secretary of Transportation. Pete Buttigieg Charlamagne. Well, You know, you're a very cerebral person. Everybody knows that. Secretary Pete. So I know that you've thought about your future. Sure. What is the future for Secretary Pete? I don't know that that's just like the No, no, it's, it's true. I mean obviously there's a lot of different things I might do. People are putting all kinds of ideas in my head, but, You know, I got 38 days to do this job and, And I gotta stay really focused on, on that.


And then I'm not gonna just jump into something just so I can do it or just try to have an office just so I can have it. I know what I care about. I care about how places like where I grew up in Indiana and where I live now in northern Michigan, how places like that can grow. How we can replicate the story of the city that I served in that started out that decade being told we were dying and ended like growing and creating jobs. And now it's happening in a whole new way, largely 'cause of what happened in the Biden administration. I care about that. I care about big picture democratic reforms and how we change all of the things that make us not that democratic. And I'm not just talking about the whole kind of question of authoritarianism. And I think all of us are rightly worried about, I'm talking about stuff that happens out in the open in terms of how our districts are drawn and how our campaigns are paid for and election stuff I talk about a lot.


I I care about that. I care about making sure that our generation comes out ahead because if you were born when my parents were born, there's a 90% chance you were gonna come out economically ahead of your parents if you were born when I was born in the eighties. It's a coin flip. So, You know, I care about stuff like that. I care about the information environment, kind of what Angela, you And I were just talking about, about the different spaces we, we we go into. But how I do that, whether that's as an elected official or something more political or something a little more outta that space, that's something I will have time to, to figure out after January 20th. Is it about the money or the service? Because You know, you, you, you can get to the bag like, You know, you, you're Secretary Pete now, so you, you can write a book, you can Oh yeah. Start a podcast. There's a lot of things you can do to actually get money. You got kids, man, you're married with kids.


Yeah. I mean, I need a paycheck. That's right. I didn't, You know, I'm not, it's not like I'm a millionaire, but I'll figure that out that like, that'll be okay. Chasin has also reminded me that the, You know, Get some, some money we need to, You know, to obviously, You know, have a living and take care of our, our kids and, and also, You know, Chasin, You know, we're like any working couple, like, You know, I talk on the way to the studio here, like he is solo wrangling, two, three year olds getting them to school in the middle of a snowstorm. And I just have some catching up to do there in terms of doing my part around like the, Like jazz back. I need some help. Well, Yeah. Which is totally fair. Yes. Right. And he's been great, but I, so I'm gonna be a little more focused on that. Plus our kids, our twins are boy and a girl are twins. They're three. They're old enough to not just to notice, but like to care when I'm gone.


So I'm looking forward to some period of time when I'm closer to home, able to think. But before we do any of that, like we got real work to do. 'cause every day we're here, we're gonna wish we had it back later on to get more done, to get more dollars out the door, to get more good policies done. So we're, we're, we're pushing hard. I do Have to ask about congestion price And I mean, you, you talked about New York and, and the tunnel that they're building, but they're saying it's congestion pricing in New York City could be the Guinea pig for the country for different cities of people driving it. A lot of people are against it, right? It it's with, with groceries, expensive gas, expensive everything expensive, right? Everything is high. This is just gonna be another thing that citizens Americans have to pay. What's your thoughts on that? Because it's, it's, it's gonna hurt a lot of people. So the bottom line is, I, I've got a, this sounds like a cop out, but it's, it's only because federally it's very important to respect that this is a local decision.


So from a federal perspective, they've done everything they need to do. We went through a process of, I think more than 20,000 pages of verification to, to evaluate whether it's met its legal requirements. And it has, now it's still up to the city, the state, the region to decide if they wanna do something. But like from a Department of Transportation perspective, they've demonstrated that to the satisfaction of, of our department. I know that sounds like a bureaucratic answer, but, but part of why I'm answering that way is 'cause I respect the fact that that's a local decision. What I will say is there's a handful of places that have done it in other countries, places around The World, London, Singapore, Stockholm. The usual pattern has been that, that people, there, there's a lot of controversy about it beforehand.


People in the end have have preferred to have it after the fact once, once they're used to it. But every city's different. There's a lot of folks who have come in as Secretary of Department of Transportation. And one thing that has remained pretty stagnant is the utilization of DBE e, so the disadvantaged business enterprise. But when you look at how the Federal Highway administration funds contracts, only 1% of those contracts are going to black owned firms. The Federal Transit Authority, it's 1.0, and then state funded contracts is 0.2%. I'm eager to know what you all plan to do. I know that there's a civil rights lead on this, but this has not changed much. And it's tragic.


I'm terrified about what's gonna happen because as soon as Donald Trump was elected, Walmart, Starbucks, everybody's saying, You know, to hell with DEI, we can't afford to do that or be in those positions as black folks. Yeah, right. No, this is really important. If you look at, for example, the black middle class in Atlanta, part of how that was built that's right, was because the mayor at the time that the airport was going up, insisted that black owned businesses had a, had a shot at the work that was going on. And they did. And whole companies grew outta that. That's right. I've been there, talked to second generation people who are now leading those construction companies and, and, and working on, on new work at the airport where their parents had worked on the original round. So I've seen the opportunity it can create, here's what we've done. We've boosted our goal for the dollars that directly are contracted by our department.


We had a over 20% goal on sdbs, small disadvantaged businesses, and, and we beat it. So we've been able to generate, I think we're now in, in the billions in terms of doing better than before. But a lot of those, those statistics that, that you've found show how the, when the federal dollars go out to the states or they go out to the communities, those states and communities may not have the same level of commitment to making sure that there's that DBE participation. We have been able to do a lot of things to encourage that, including updating the entire rule, the whole regulatory framework for DBEs. We immediately got sued. Right. Now there's an injunction that's, that's affecting in certain jurisdictions how much we can pursue that work. By the way, they've done this for other departments too.


They went after the small business administration's program. They went after the MBDA, which is part of commerce. We know that we're on good legal ground, but we're gonna have to fight for it and we're gonna stay committed. But to some of the numbers you were mentioning, a a lot of this does happen closer to home, right? And so we've gotta set a tone that says, wait a minute. It's important to create these opportunities locally. By the way, there's the business side, but also the labor side. I've seen some labor unions and locals that are doing it right. And you see people who just would not have had a chance to get these good paying jobs in the building trades. And there are things that, that can be done to help make sure they get a shot, including making sure there's more apprenticeships so you can earn while you learn. So you don't have to have money to take time off to be in the apprenticeship program for a lot of working women, I mean working parents in general, but definitely for working women, it's important to have childcare set up in Pittsburgh.


They, they set up a childcare center at the construction site of the airport terminal that they're doing. And it means that more people who just would never have had a chance to be part of that or part of that. So we're being intentional about it. But look, the next administration has not shown any signs of being enthusiastic about this. We're still defending what we've done in court And I would say we've, we've done a lot, but we've got a long way to go. What that says to me is there is gonna have to be a lot at the state and local level to keep the momentum. You know, somebody in the upcoming administration is gonna take credit for something you implemented. So what is it we will see from them? That's actually you. So There's 66,000 projects we got started. If I went to three projects a day for the rest of my life, I would not live long enough to see them all. Thousands of 'em are complete, but most of them aren't.


These things take years. I mean, there's these big signature projects, You know, the Hudson River Tunnel, that might be the biggest project east of the Mississippi in our lifetimes. How Long is that gonna take? Very long time be. And how much Money will, is that costing? We're 16 billion into it. Jesus. So it won't even be this, you won't even see that in this administration. No. Okay. No, but some things are underway now will be done sooner. The portal, north Bridge, which is another key, key bridge, it all comes back to New Jersey. See? Okay, drone Now You gonna spiral them again on the drones. You know, you can go on down the list. The high speed rail, You know, I cut, I broke ground on a high speed rail project from Las Vegas to Southern California. They're aiming to be done by 2028. That's an aggressive timeline, but that's what they think they could do.


So all of that, yeah, somebody else is gonna cut the ribbon on that. But look, we've already seen people who voted against the Biden infrastructure package show up and try to take credit at these things. We're about to see that at a whole new level. And I, I'm gonna be there to remind folks that some people were with us, even some Republicans were with us and a lot of people were against us and we were trying to get this money out there. All right. We got more with Pete Buttigieg when we come back, it's The Breakfast Club. Good morning. Morning everybody. It's DJ Envy, Jess. Hilarious. Charlemagne tha God. We are The Breakfast Club. Angela Riot is here with us this morning and we're still kicking with Secretary of Transportation, Pete Buttigieg. Charlamagne Is that Transatlantic tunnels Real? The, the, the New York, the London that can get you between the cities and an hour.


And they're saying it's gonna cost 19 trillion to build. I call Him more of a concept of a plan. Okay. Okay. It'd Be pretty amazing. But yeah, some of this hyper, I mean, it's very exciting to think about, but the things you have to do, the pressurization, the, the tunneling, I mean, You know, kind of hard to, hard on today's technology. Hard to see how that happens. Gotcha. Well, speaking of concepts of the plan, you are saying that's what you have for your future fair. But you did move to Michigan in 2020. There is a term limited governor, big rich Yes. Gretchen Whitmer, who is of course not running. And then there is a mayor of Detroit who's declared his gubernatorial run, but is an independent.


Yeah. So Democrats want you to run for governor of Michigan. No, But, but have you thought about running for a governor? I Mean, I was gonna Say, don't get to light a lot for words. Now. You, I'm Not, he didn't say anything the first time he was lost to words. I'm not here to make news on, on my future. I, I, I honestly haven't, You know, ruled anything in Iraq. So we're taking that as a maybe, Like I said, people are, I've never heard you This in my Head. They say you met about it this week. You met with people at Democrats in Michigan about it this Week. Oh, I meet Democrats all in Michigan all the time because I'm, I'm a democrat And I live in Michigan. Like, You know, look, we, we moved there, kids of family, we moved there. We bought a place there four years ago. Having our kids close to their grandparents been huge. But yeah, look, I really care about the state.


I just can't, I can't get into campaign stuff or anything like that. Is it something you're even interested in? You're just gonna keep asking. Not, but has it crossed your mind? Like, Hey, being governor of Michigan would be cool. Look, I, I care about the place a lot. Yeah. And, And I told you earlier, some of the other things I care about, there's a lot of ways to work on that. You can work on that in office. You can work on that out of office. It's, I'm, I'm not trying to be cagey, I just, I don't know. And I wanna have a lot more of my mind made up before I go around talking about stuff like that on the radio. So you talked about days left for you. There's also days left for President Biden. Are there things that you have before the president that you really want to have happen for transportation? Are there other things that you think this administration really needs to get done before Armageddon?


Yeah, he, You know, he just asked me for an update. We've, we've been writing up some of the latest on what we think we can get out the door. There, there are a number of grant programs and projects we think we can make happen pro potentially still hundreds of projects we can announce before January 20th. And anything we can do, we have to do a right. We can't Yeah. You know, do it half-assed just to get out the door. So we have to make sure we're, we're picking the right projects, we're being responsible with the money. But, but yeah, I, I think we can do a lot more. And, and again, there's some policies we, we can still finalize just as, as we have been doing on everything from, You know, worker protection. And it's amazing how long it takes to get a federal regulation finalized. Yeah. And I understand why a lot of it is that everybody has to have their, say there's procedural requirements that you have to go through.


And a, You know, a human being has to read every comment even when there's thousands of comments. So we have to do it right. But we're working on, on things to, to keep up the record we've had of protecting consumers, protecting workers. But what I already know, even though we're not done, we will leave America's transportation system better than we found them. Fewer people are dying on our roads. I think we've made a lot of important advances on aviation safety. We've made major advances on passenger protection, your ability to get a refund or get your hotel covered or something else. If you get stuck. Airlines are suing over that, by the way too. We're, You know, we have to place some defense here, but we've done that. Rail workers, when we came in, something like less than 10% of railroad workers could even get sick leave. And now that guarantee is available to over 90% of railroad workers supply chains.


You remember the first year they said Christmas was canceled, all the ships were backed up. You know, we came in and encountered the biggest set of transportation problems to hit the country at once, since nine 11. From airlines about to go outta business, to supply chain. You couldn't get toilet paper, all that stuff. Trains, trains. Every and every one of those has got better. I can't say any one of them is a hundred percent fixed, but every one of them is better. And Mo just as importantly, the trajectory is better. It used to be when we talked about our roads, our bridges, the condition of our infrastructure, we knew that every year it was gonna get worse because the backlog was growing faster than we could do the projects. That was the whole idea of the infrastructure. I call it the big deal. That was the whole idea of the big deal. That was, we're not just gonna keep playing catch up, we're actually gonna change the trajectory.


But the nature of my, I mean the satisfying part about our work is that for the next few years I'll be able to look at things still being built and improved because of what we did and because of what President Biden did. But the unsatisfying part about it is the same, the other side of the same coin that's, it's gonna take a while. Mm, Well I have one since you just, you used to, you're talking ge generics around the grants. Is there any way that we can talk to the airlines about these ticket prices? Mm. Because they're surging And I thought that's crazy. They're crazy. Yeah. Atlanta used to be 200, $300 now six, $700 to fly to Atlanta. I'm gonna throw one out that might get y'all in trouble. I don't know if they're a sponsor American, like the American Airlines tickets are like a thousand dollars more than everybody else's right now. Hmm. What were you trying to, what, what route you talking about?


Because I, I'm almost say because it does depend like it does as a category, it's actually one of the few areas where prices went down a little bit instead of up with all the inflation. But that's an average, right? If you're talking about a certain airline or a certain route. And the biggest thing that we can do about that is competition, right? I mean, just, that's how it's supposed to work. Yeah. And the truth is, even though the airline industry lobby will say, You know, there's lots of, there's all these flights, there's all these airlines. Yeah. There's all these routes. A lot of times for a particular route, there's maybe two airlines actually serving those particular, that particular combination. Right. So it turns into a duopoly. And You know, one of the big problems we've had in the aviation sector is we've gone from dozens of airlines to a dozen airlines to now basically a big four and the low cost airlines, which everybody's mad at because of the passenger experience, but also it's, it's really hard for them to compete.


It's why we intervened on the, the merger that was proposed was JetBlue. Because having even fewer airlines means you have even fewer choices. Yeah. And it means it's less likely that you're gonna gonna get a good airfare. I saw you say Trump can't get rid of the new airline refund rules, though. You said if the law to land, Right? That's right. Yeah. It got put into the FAA bill. So it would take an act of Congress to get ready to, to try to get rid of the automatic refunds. And I would love to be there if, if anybody in Congress tries to get rid of that, because that's really important. And the whole idea there was that, not just that you can get a refund, but you can get a refund without having to ask. Because what was happening was, it was on the books that you could get a refund and cancellation or some of these situations, but you had to ask for it, you had to fight for it. Sometimes an airline would say, well whoa, we'll give you 5,000 miles and that sounds pretty good.


But if you actually do the math that's worth like maybe 50 bucks and you're entitled to, You know, hundreds. So just saying, okay, if you want something different, like if you tell the airline, don't gimme the money back, I'd rather take a rebooking or don't gimme the money back, I'd rather take your miles. Fine, great. But you have to choose, it's opt out rather than opt in. And if you don't say anything, you just get your money. I think it's common sense, I think it's good policy and I'm really glad that that Congress backed us up on that and that some of the other things they could undo, but that they couldn't undo unless Congress went along with it. I know you gotta, if you have few more questions I gotta do Got one more question because, You know, one thing I always give you credit for is you are not afraid to show up to speak to people who you may not agree with. And you always come speak to people, You know, regardless of whether it's campaign season or not.


So we always appreciate that. But to me that's something you can't teach. Like that has to be in you. So where does that come from? Why aren't you afraid to show up in spaces? A lot of Democrats, I think it comes from growing up in a place where lots of people, including people I really like, don't agree with me, but we're friends and we just talk about it. I think you get, you get advised and coun, counseled not to take any risks when you get into a job like, like mine for very understandable reasons, right? Because anything you say gets picked apart, but if you pay too much attention to that, nothing you say, you don't say anything interesting. You're not talking like you're talking to somebody. You actually know. And people feel that, they smell that. And I think younger people especially feel that and smell that.


And so I think it's probably just 'cause of how it came up. Alright, your future is bright Secretary Pete. Thanks. Yeah, right. Thanks. Well, we have the Secretary of Transportation. We appreciate you for joining us. We gonna call you in a couple of weeks if them drones. Keep going man. We need, we need answers. Speed Buttigieg. It's The Breakfast Club. Good morning. All right, let's get to just with the mess is real. Robin Moore just don't do no lying, Don't nobody just worldwide on The Breakfast Club. She's a ship. She was able to get y'all to see something and understand something that nobody could get you to See. It's time to set it on.


Okay, y'all Quick correction. Quick correction. Okay, so Chris Brown is beating my phone down because I delivered the news wrong. Okay, so remember I said in Africa, You know the, the 92,000 people, that was like two concerts combined. No, FNB Stadium is one of the largest stadiums in Africa in The World. Yeah, he, he did that twice. He sold out both nights. 200,000 people. That's damn near 200 crazy thousand people. That's crazy. So my bad, Chris, come down drop A bomb for Chris Brown. That's crazy. Like, okay, are you happy now? Okay, because he was hitting me. Y'all Still speak? Huh? Y'all still speak? Yes, we still speak. I don my bad. Yes. Yes. We, we speak especially when I, when I report something wrong, he like, first of all, get that right, don't play with me because that's just 92,000 people.


That's just regular. I do that in America every day, all day. That's true. So I'm like, all right, my bad. I had to get it right. My bad. Alright, moving on to Wendy. So it's been a, a video of Wendy Williams out and about in Florida circulating over the weekend. Right. And she was seen in Fort Lauderdale, Florida at Sister Sarah's showing up oysters, hold on, let's say that again. Sister Sarah showed enough, or, You know, that's a black owned company. That's right. You know, it's a black-owned company. And she was with her nephew Travis. And in the video they bringing Wendy the fool. She's in the car. And I think that that's the same guy who was on the documentary. His name's Will, I believe Will, That's her manager. Yep, yep, yep, Yep. Her manager. And she's in the back of the car. She's smiling and she looks so happy. You can even hear her. She say, thank you, thank you.


And the last time we saw her was back in August when she was out with her son Kevin Hunter in Jersey. And since August, her guardian filed documents saying that Wendy was permanently incapacitated from her dementia. So yeah, my thing was this's why I wanted to, I wanted to report this because if she's completely, You know, incapacitated and permanently incapacitated, You know, she, she was, she was fine. And what, what exactly does that like, define like what does that mean? Because in my, if you per permanently incapacitated, you Can't move, you stuck in Bed, you bedridden, you can't, you can't talk like you, like you are bedridden. Wendy was fine in the video, it seems, You know, not common on her mental 'cause I can't say she's mentally fine, but she was good enough to be, hey, she knew what was going on around her, right?


She knew she was going to pull up the sister Sarah showing up voices she knew to say thank you and all of that type of stuff. So the only thing I, I don I always ask when I see things like that is, is is that video new or is that video old? Yeah. Yeah. Because You know, a lot of times they, they'll hold that video in, they'll post it now and be like, yeah, nah, she's fine. And that video could have been six months ago, You know, Just to spark speculation of something else. That's right. Yeah, no, I feel you. But that, that's what I saw. So I had to report it. Moving on Jamie Fox altercation. So over the weekend, allegedly there was an altercation that Mr. Chow and Beverly Hills Friday night. So Jamie Fox and his family had went to this restaurant to celebrate his birthday. That's when everything went down. A spokesperson from Jamie's team told TMZ that somebody from another table threw a glass at Jamie and it hit him in his mouth.


A witness, another witness said that customers at another table, they was being loud and vulgar. Right? And because Jamie was there with his family, he was like, yo, he allegedly asked him like, can y'all chill? Just stop. Like, I'm here with my family. And they said that person got up and stood and threw a glass at him and hit him in his mouth. Jamie Seam said that he had to get stitches and he is now recovering and the police were called and the matter is now in law enforcement's hands or whatever. But, and, and it's, it is just crazy 'cause there wasn't really too many details revealed following the incident. But he did post this on his social media. On his social media. He said, the devil is a lie, but I'm too blessed to be stressed. Basically thanking everybody who supported him. 'cause he just dropped the Netflix special.


Yeah, everybody who checked on him and everything. And when, when


The holidays are about spending time with your loved ones and creating magical memories that will last a lifetime. So whether it's family and friends you haven't seen in a while, or those who you see all the time, share holiday magic this season with a nice cold Coca-Cola. Copyright 2024, the Coca-Cola company.


The holidays are here. And it's that time of year to think about yes, gifts, but not only gifts, it's the guest, the party planning, and the true meaning for this season. Spending time with family and friends. We know it's a lot, but we're here to ease your mind and share some tips. So we'll make it through. Together with the season getting underway, now is the time to shop for amazing holiday deals at Amazon. Amazon has a wide selection for all your holiday needs. I mean, personally, I would just love one of those robo self-cleaning kitty litter boxes. Think about things I know that's real specific, but hint, hint, Amazon last minute deals are here. Shop last minute deals now on Amazon and visit amazon.com/black Effect podcast for my favorite picks.


The World is constantly changing. It's up to you to decide how to respond. Choose to be bold to try something new. Choose to reinvent yourself. That's what Nissan did with the all new total reimagined kicks. The dynamic new exterior style immediately announces that Nissan isn't messing around the interior. A completely redesigned cab with preview features like wireless Apple CarPlay and panoramic moonroof make driving and kicks immersive and exciting. And with new performance and safety features like intelligent Allwheel Drive the Kicks is both more fun and safer to drive than ever before. It is the donning of a brand new era for the Nissan Kicks on. One question remains, is it a new era for you as well? Drive the all new reimagined Nissan Kicks today Available feature. Bose is a registered trademark of the Bose Corporation Nissan Safety Shield technologies can't prevent all collisions or worn in all situations. See owner's manual for important safety information.


Hey fam, if you like me, you're thinking about how to level up in your career. Maybe you're fresh outta college, just started in your field or even look at to switch things up and find your true calling. Whatever stage you're in, remember that this is your time to grow, to learn, add to build something that lasts. State Farm understands that early career development is key to long-term success. They've been a steady presence in our communities and they know that having the right support early on can make all the difference. State Farm is there to help you make smart moves and to help you get the coverage you need. We all know the journey to success is a marathon, not a sprint. It's about staying focused, staying grounded, and making sure you're protected every step of the way. Let's build our careers with confidence, knowing that State Farm is there to support us just like they've always been because Like a good neighbor, State Farm is there. Find out more@stateforum.com.


Be merry, be bright, be loved. This holiday season with sparkling holiday gifts from Pandora jewelry, bring the sparkle to Black Friday with Pandora jewelry from November 16th through December 3rd. Receive 30% off storewide, handpicked, and ready to wrap, wear and love. Select from a wide range of possibilities for personalization, from festive charms with vibrant pops of color, shimmering rings and earrings designed to dazzle, to radiant bracelets and necklaces shining in a mix of luminous metals. Pandora has something special for everyone on your holiday list. Shop Pandora jewelry today and save 30% off some exclusion. Supply.


You doing good. The devil comes the, You know, try to knock you off your rock or whatever. But this is my thing if I'm sitting there with my family, right? I was thinking the same thing. Go ahead, talk that talk Somebody throw a glass at me and I'm trying to tell y'all like y'all loud. First of all, I'm trying to tell y'all you chill. Breadwinner the family. Yeah. Breadwinner. Oh yeah. Gloves coming off. I don't care what's going on. I'm I'm going in your mouth. My mother's swinging. Excuse me. My father's 82. He's swinging. Yeah. Now it's a fight between the two tables. My wife is swinging. Yeah. It's not just gonna be a busting lift. We all Gonna be be busting. We all getting arrested, we all throwing down this. There is no way in hell I'm Jamie Fox and Jamie Fox had had people with him. He had his peoples absolutely his boys, his family members. Now we all fighting. If my, if if my friends don't fight And I gotta bust lip, everybody better have a bus.


It's a Problem. Yes, it's a problem. And then, You know, 'cause I was saying that 'cause they was saying that he had to get outta there. Well, he got outta there before the police came. Oh yeah, absolutely. 'cause 'cause And I, if it was me oh, it went down. So I definitely, it would've definitely went down that the glass that was thrown to me wouldn't have been the only thing thrown. Nope. And then when we'd have got Outta there, see my friends still remember when my mother says if my son comes home with a black eye, you better come home with a black guy. Period. So we all better have busted this period. That's, that's right. All right, so moving on. Oh, hold away. We got enough time. Yeah. Okay. I'm, I'm going through this. Okay. That's what happened when Baldy Smally ain't in here. All right. Taylor Swift bonuses. Now this is a great story to me because this is, this is like a blessing, a blessing that she was able to do this.


Taylor Swift reportedly gave out a total of 197 million in bonuses to the employees of her hes Tour. You know how much that tour must have made for her to be able to do that? Crazy. Probably made a bill a a billion at least. Like are you But I mean, I I love that. I mean, I do, I wish, I wish we were at a point where, You know, we could give all our staff a pair bonuses of a couple hundred thousand dollars. Look at All the producers like, Yes, please. Yes. I mean, it is dope. But her, her tour makes so much money. Yeah. And, and, and they put a lot of, You know, dedication and they're driving from city to city That's, and they're performing and doing all that. So that's, that's pretty damn right. And I heard us A lot that goes into our show. I mean, she Taylor Swift, so of course it's not gonna be just some show thrown together And I, and imagine how many employees that is.


You know what I'm saying? Like this is a whole production. She, like it says here, she wanted to recognize and highlight the value of the efforts of everyone that made her tour a success. That, that's right. The 197 million was divided amongst truck drivers, caterers, dancers, musicians and more. And people are saying that this doesn't only show her generosity, but it also serves as a reminder of how successful the tour like was. Like you just said it, it probably made a billion Yeah. Or even more. We don't know. But I'm, I'm gonna have to see if Lauren can reach out and say exactly how much it made. 'cause that's a lot. Yeah. People forget about, You know, how intricate tours are, right? Yeah. Because you, you just think of the artists performing, but you, you gotta think about when, when, when, when the artist leaves and everybody leaves that stadium, they're breaking it down.


Yeah. Putting it in the truck and then driving to the next city and making sure it's ready for the next city. And then the caterers are cooking for the next city and cleaning up. There's a lot into it. And I, I spent a little time on tour when I DJ for Fab back in the day And I hated it. Yeah. I hated being on our bus and, and Rocky the whole time. Yeah. But You know, they deserve it. Well deserved. Absolutely. Yep. And that is just for the mess for the second hour. All right. Thank you Jess. Now when we come back, we got Charlemagne's Donkey today, so don't go anywhere. It's The Breakfast Club. Good morning. Damn. The He It's time for Donkey. I ain't trying to be donkey Today no more. They should be embarrassed by what they already did. I didn't, I'm not making these people do these things.


They called Donkey of the Day and it really caught me off guard. Damn Charlamagne. Who got the donkey of Today? Today? Well, donkey today for Monday December 16th goes to comrade work with founded James Hard. Now who is James Har? He is the founder of a socialist apparel brand who is online calling for the deaths of corporate executives. You know, ever since United Healthcare, CEO Brian Thompson was gunned down in the streets of Manhattan, we have all these sick individuals who feel like killing CEOs is gonna change things. They feel like killing CEOs is gonna change the system. It makes zero sense to me. Brian Thompson is dead. His kids are going to grow up without a father.


Luigi man Gioni is going to prison for the rest of his life. And the healthcare systems are the same as they have always been. This did not and will not improve the healthcare system. And going around executing CEOs will not improve any damn thing. But people like James Haw are still pushing for that. See James Haw is planning to sell a deck of a deck of cards of most wanted CEOs complete with names and faces and decorated with illustrations of gun range targets. I can't make this kind of stuff up. Listen to this guy. Did You know In 2003, the US Military Defense Agency created a most wanted Iraqi playing card set? They, they made it so they could help troops identify the most wanted members of people in Saddam Hussein's like cabinet, military, government, everything like that.


Help them find and do what they needed to do. They looked like this. They had like pictures of them and like their, like their name and like where, what party, what they do, things like that. But a follower reached out and said, we should do this for CEOs. Imagine we got Sam Altman and Zuck and Bezo, little Peter Teal action, maybe the CEO of Northrop Grumman, the entire Walton family. So yes, I'm actively making this playing card set. 52 CEOs. I have a list, but if anyone has someone exceptional that they want to toss the name in the ring, let me know. I am making that this weekend. I might push a little bit, but it's gonna be up for pre-order in like the next couple days. So look out and help me.


It's The holiday season guys. Come on man. I I, I simply don't approve of vigilante justice, but I'm gonna tell you something James Har it's all fun and games until you are the target. Until all these CEOs say that guy James Har is putting our lives in danger. Now you the target of some of the most powerful people in the country. So you have made these CEOs most wanted on a card game they can make you most wanted in real life. And deservingly. So you earned it. I don't know why you folks be letting social media gas all up. Okay? Whatever the popular trending opinion is on social media, people run with it regardless of how ridiculous, stupid, or inhumane that opinion is. And James Har is following the social media crowd, okay? Looking at these people who are cheering for the death of his CEO.


And so he decided to capitalize off Brian Thompson's death, which is hilariously ironic because if you go to James Hart's social accounts, they are loaded with anti-capitalism posts and images including one read. And the CEO must die. Yet, James, you are currently acting like the CEOs you claim to hate. You are using a person's death to make a profit. Simple as that. One of the comments says, does it include addresses? That's what one commenter ask underneath the post. Another commenter said, we need cards for good guys like Luigi. This to me is the epitome of the quote. Matching energy is why everyone is miserable. You don't mirror other people's negative energy. When you mirror negative energy from others, all you do is perpetuate a cycle of negativity.


And that just leads to widespread unhappiness. And that's exactly where we are right now. Everybody is unhappy, everybody is miserable and misery loves Twitter. Can you imagine sitting around wanting to see someone get killed, wanting to see someone execute, executed? Yes. These CEOs greedy. Yes, these CEOs care about profit over people. Yes, healthcare should be free in this country. People shouldn't die simply because they don't have the money to pay for health insurance. But taking out the CEOs of these companies is not gonna change the system. See, these people can afford security. I read something recently that said private security firms that have provided services for Fortune 500 companies, their phone lines are flooded. These people can afford to protect themselves.


You all can't. So keep getting in line, keep getting line calling for the deputies. People, when the lawsuits start piling up, when the arrest start happening and you getting locked up for terroristic threats, don't cry. Don't cry because you earned it. Now James Hard was reached by the New York Post via Instagram on Sunday evening and he said that the deck of cards called the most wanted CEO cards is not a call of violence. Ha. He said, And I quote, I'm not suggesting anyone should cause any physical harm to anyone, but I do want people to know who is making their life harder. Who is stealing from them? Who is deciding that a couple more percentage points of profit is worth more than the life of your loved ones. James, you do know your cards have names, faces, and they are decorated with illustrations of gun range targets.


Right? See, you're contradicting yourself already because you're lying because now that the heat is on you, you're trying to pivot. You said the cards were inspired by the most wanted Iraqi playing cards that were distributed to us. And coalition force forces during the 2003 invasion of Iraq, they made those cards to help identify key targets in Saddam Hussein Circle to help soldiers find them and do what they needed to do. But you, James say this isn't a call to violence against CEOs. Okay, look man, I want more empathy from CEOs. I want compassionate capitalism. Things like healthcare should be free. But I don't wanna kill anyone to make that happen. Nobody should be killed to make that happen. I don't wish for other people's misfortune.


I wish for the wellbeing of all because what's on your mind either contamination mind or heals it And boy oh boy, so many of y'all are sick right now. Please give James Har the biggest. He haw. Y'all losing your mind, man. All right. And Aifa And I mix the whole world blind guys. All right, Well thank you for that donkey today. Yes indeed. Now When we come back, let's open up the phone lines (800) 585-1051. Cam Newton was talking when he goes to the strip club, he's in competition. Not for the women, for the men. He said he goes to the strip club for the men. I swear it Cam just be talking. Yeah, he says he's a competitive person and he goes there to really compete I guess with the men.


I never went to a strip club for women. I always went to strip clubs for guys. I'm a competitor. I wasn't gonna spend no money if I didn't see nobody else spending money, spend no money. As soon as I seen somebody thinking that they got money, okay, you spending five, I'm gonna spend six. Yeah, if you gonna spend 10, I'm gonna spend 15 and then we gonna have a rain off. Yeah, I love It. So, because I said you do that in Onyx. So that's my whole thing. It's like I don't go to strip clubs for chicks even though I, I won't decoration, I was a competitor. Still am a competitor. To think like you think you got it but you don't got it. That 15 that you making, I'm gonna spend my 15 and I'm gonna make it back easy. You know what I'm saying? Like it ain't, it ain't Nothing.


You know what I gotta go do. Good day New York. Too bad. I can't be here for this topic. Okay. But NBI know you going to eat it up 'cause I know, I know I've heard you say the same type of thing. You have not, You have not have you go to the shit clubs or not men. I heard him say, I heard him say it. He, You know, he told me, he said, I like DJing the script club. I like making the men dance. I like when the mim be throwing that money. Oh my God. Oh, I like to see the men turn up throwing that money. You never said that. No, you, No I never You lying. You messing with my mental health right Now. He said I go to the strip club to make the men turn up and throw that money. What about the ladies? NB said what ladies? 800. The Script club 805 8 5 1 0 5 1.


Are you like that? Are you that much as a, a competitor that you go to the club to compete with men? Let's discuss when we come back. It's The Breakfast Club. Good morning. The Breakfast Club Morning everybody. It's DJ nv, just hilarious. Charlamagne the guy. We are The Breakfast Club. If you're just joining us, we're talking about something that Cam Newton said recently on his podcast. Let's listen. I never went to a strip club for women. I always went to strip clubs for God, I'm a competitor. I wasn't going to spend no money if I didn't see nobody else spending, spending no money. As soon as I seen somebody thinking that they got money. Yeah, okay, you spending five, I'm gonna spend six. Yeah, if you gonna spend 10, I'm gonna spend 15 and then we gonna have a rain off.


Yeah. I love It. So, because I said you do that in Onyx. So that's my whole thing. It's like I don't go to strip clubs for chicks even though I, I want decoration. I was a competitor. Still am a competitor To think like, you think you got it but you don't got it. That 15 that you making, I'm gonna spend my 15 and I'm gonna make it back easy. You know what I'm saying? Like it ain. It ain't nothing. So let's go to the full lines. 8 5 8 5 1 0 5. And what do you think though? I think it's clowned up. Why? Up and down? Because I mean, it was just the way it was presented too, like Correct. I go to the strip clip for men. Correct. Okay. I understand. You said no duty though. And then, yeah, I I mean even if you say no duty, I mean that's something for guys to say. I, I don't be saying that. But the thing is, I feel like yo, you, I didn't even like what you said.


If ain't, if I ain't seen nobody else throwing no money, I wasn't throwing no money. It's like, yo, why, why we doing that? He need to be at auctions. You wanna show, show somebody how much money you getting, go To an auction, go bid against something. Yeah. See, but I, but You know what I Bid against. How he said it was was crazy. Shout to Cam the way Cam said it. I go to the strip club for the men. I know what he meant. Right. And when you go to the strip club and, and let's say you say, You know what I'm, I'm gonna throw a thousand dollars, but then somebody in the table next to you throws 2000. You might be like, You know what, he ain't gonna outdo me in here tonight. I'm gonna throw 3000. So I get that. I seen that competitive nature so many different times in the club And I might've been part of it sometimes. Yeah. Like somebody next to you buy two bottles, you be like, yo, gimme three. But That's not why you going to the club.


Yeah, but that's not the reason why. Yes, I'm not, I'm not going to compete. He's Going there not even for the bitches. He not going, he going there for the men like he said just to see what's in nigga's pockets. That sounded crazy. Yes, but I understand what he meant. Like yeah. Oh word. You what? Well, yo, let me show 'em what we got. We gonna throw this. Oh you got this? Exactly. Oh, I'm gonna throw this and then I'm gonna make it back tomorrow. So I get that. But yeah, I'm not going there for, that's Not my objective while I'm going to the club. Well let's go to the phone live. Hello? Who's this? Yo Envy? You know the vibes is mellow. What's the Word? Mellow. What's up? Mellow. You go to the strip club for the man. Hold on. First off, let me take Good morning everybody. How you telling off who? Charlotte Uncle Chawla just stepped out. Oh yeah. F him and his and his baldheaded hairline.


But nah, I'm not going to the, I think I speak for all New York. Excuse my language when I say a hell Because Bro, what it like why like we, you're Cam Newton bro. Cam Newton, first off, if this crosses your desk, I seen that video of you jump in those five dudes like successfully. I apologize, don't hurt me, but like respectfully bro, like we know you're Cam Newton, we know you got bread, so there is no reason for you to go into the strip club looking for men. Unless you feel me. Unless you shot. He was still looking for a man. Gotcha. I But you feel me, you're not like why you at the public looking for men? Yeah. Yeah. He just, he I think he just said that wrong.


Like, I don't think he went looking for guys to, to try to, to outdo. I think he goes to the club and when somebody in the table. No, he said that and he did. You Right. This don't, don't save him go. He said It like, I'm not throwing money unless dudes is throwing money. Like bro. Yes. Yes. The next man gotta put a battery in your back to talk to women is crazy. Yes. But like I said, you can fight, so don't hurt me. Goodbye. Meow. Hello, who's this? This is Ty Ade from Florida. Alright. And I says you're a retired stripper. No, I didn't say that. Oh, oh, I'm sorry. That's what it says on the sheet. It says as a retired stripper. Yeah, I retired, retired of that life. Oh, Okay. Okay. Alright. Alright. So no, Listen, I was, I was mainly saying as a person who's been in that environment, I know and I've seen a lot of that men coming to the strip club, spending money for other men and so on and so forth.


So, You know, like, it, it definitely is I think everywhere. Either strip club, the club, the, the airport. I think that men are just always measuring with each other and it nowadays, it rarely has to do with the female. All right. So if you're not a, if you're not a, a retired stripper, what did you do? Bartending and bottle service. Oh, bartend. Now you see that a lot with that. If somebody buys some bottles, then then the next table will buy more bottles. That's the reason why DJs, if you in the club, the DJs count the bottles that you buy. Mm. Like if you ever notice. Yeah. One bottle, two bottles, three bottles. So now the next person wants four bottles, one bottle. And you just keep throwing up. Listen, envy.


And the more you play that music and getting them through dancing, You know they're gonna come out their pocket. That's right. And why y'all never tip the dj then? Nobody ever tips the dj. Oh God. You get all the tips. Listen, I tip, I tip the DJ all the time. Alright. All the time. Okay, but you need to come out of retirement. Come outta retirement then the dj, they need you, bro. That's what I keep telling my husband, like, listen, I'm retired now. Don't get me started. Okay. Thank you mama. Thank you. 805 8 5 1 0 5 1. Cam Newton said this, I never went to a strip club for women. I always went to strip clubs for God. I'm a competitor.


I wasn't going spend no money if I didn't see nobody else spending money, you spend no money. As soon as I seen somebody thinking that they got money, yeah. Okay, you spending five, I'm gonna spend six. Yeah. If you gonna spend 10, I'm gonna spend 15 and then we gonna have a rain off. Yeah. I love it. So, Because I say you do that in Onyx. So That's my whole thing. It's like I don't go to strip clubs for chicks even though I, I want decoration. I was a competitor. Still am a competitor. To think like you think you got it but you don't. Got it. That 15 that you making, I'm gonna spend my 15 and I'm gonna make it back easy. You know what I'm saying? Like it ain't, it ain't, nah. And we're asking, what's your thoughts? Call us up right now. It's The Breakfast Club. Good morning. Morning everybody. It's he. EJ Envy.


Just hilarious. Charlamagne the guy. We are The Breakfast Club now. He just joining us. We're talking about Cam Newton. He was doing his podcast and he said this, I never went to a strip club for women. I always went to strip clubs for guys. I'm a competitor. I wasn't going to spend no money if I didn't see nobody else spending money. You spending no money. As soon as I seen somebody thinking that they got money, okay, you spending five, I'm gonna spend six. Yeah. If you gonna spend 10, I'm gonna spend 15 and then we're gonna have a rain off. Yeah. I love it. So, And I say you do that in Onyx. So That's my whole thing. It's like I don't go to strip clubs for chicks even though I, I want decoration. I was a competitor. Still am a competitor. To think like, you think you got it but you don't.


Got it. That 15 that you making, I'm gonna spend my 15 and I'm gonna make it back easy. You know what I'm saying? Like it ain't Nothing. So we're asking 805 8 5 1 0 5 1. What are your thoughts? Do you do this? A lot of people on the line. Hello, who's this? Hi, this is Jaylen from Houston, Texas. Hey, good morning mama. What, what's your thoughts? My Thoughts is I totally get where he's coming from. Like sometimes I have that, I have that problem too. Now I don't do it for like a gender specifically, but I do it for me. Like I be wanting to see who about to pop some bottles. Most of the time when I go places, like I'll start at first because I'm like, I'm sitting there for a little bit trying to see like 15 And I just see like they not popping nothing.


The moment I start popping bottles, everybody looking like, ain't this girl here by herself or what, what other person and she doing all this and they gonna do the same thing. No, I agree with you. It is a thing. That's why clubs and nightclubs have the, You know, the whole battle, the bottle service scene where they bring the bottle Wars. I get it. Bottle wars. That, that's the reason why they do it. Because they know once one person does two, then somebody's gonna do three, then somebody's gonna do four. Yeah. And they make the money at the end of the night. Make The money at the end of the night. But see also too, sometimes I be having, like even if I don't go to a, a club, like when I go to a function, I'm almost have the best bottle I can function. Everybody gonna drink my bottle first. Okay. I just, I just wanna always feel like I got the bed. Alright, well thank you mama.


Hello. Who's this? What's Up? It's Mark. Mark. What's up? Good morning. What, what's your thoughts? Mark? Yo now I was just calling and say I'm like Cam Newton, I get it. You know, you, you wanna, if all right, cool. But don't do that to the strip club. Go out, You know, create competitive, something like that. I know you got your foundation and everything, but be competi on competitive people say who could put more money up to help these kids out here? Be competitive. Alright. See somebody always wanna change. Be like, You know what? You, you wanna compete with them? Why don't you compete to help the kids out there be in the strip club? He in the strip club. He, a lot of kids do a lot for kids. Hello, who's this? Good morning. This is Chris, how you doing? Hey Chris, good morning. Talk to us Chris. Chris, yeah for Cam.


I, I definitely understand his position. One, we know he got in a fight with some kids or being competitive. So I can imagine the strip club, he would show off how much money he got his style. But he's definitely not doing with somebody that has, is on a, a higher net worth than he is. But in general on the average script or Yeah, he be showing, I know people that do it, but it's so stupid. 'cause a lot of times you throw all them singles or you buy all them bottles and you can't drink it. I was a, I was DJing the club. Gilbert Arenas came in one time And I tell this story all the time. He must've bought a hundred bottles. Right? He, he wasn't with a hundred dudes. Mm. So at the end of the night there was bottles rolling on the floor that hasn't been un opened. It was just so many. But he did it because there was somebody else there buying bottles and he wanted todo 'em. Mm. Which was stupid. Now I definitely went home with a couple of bottles.


Absolutely. I put them in my bag And I took my home. But it didn't make any sense to me. Yeah, Exactly. Exactly. Shout y'all preach. I appreciate you Jess Envy Charlemagne, God bless y'all. Absolutely. Jess, I regret missing you in DC for the Warren Theater, but I saw you coming back in Baltimore so I'm hoping to go there. Hey, Just don't know the date right now. The, she would've set the date. Just don't remember the date. She'll tell you the date soon. Alright. All right brother. Thank you so much. Hello. Who's this? Hey, this is Bert. Hey, what's up brother? What's your thoughts? Hey man, I think Cam all in the club pocket watching other folks white while folks throwing money, bro. So you just gonna call him Suss? I don't think he's suss. I just think he's a he's a competitor.


Yeah, that's, he wants to show he's better than anybody else. He has more money than anybody else. And that's what I think he got stuck in, Man. It's the time and the place to be competitive. You watching the girls not the dude that All, well thank you. I mean that's how I felt too. But yeah, that's, that's how he feel. But if he just said, I go for the girls, but if somebody competes with me then I'm gonna compete. He said that it'd have been a little better. Yeah, Yeah. It is just how it is. Just that, just knowing that that's why he go like he don't even go to strip clips 'cause he thinking about the bitches. He he be going 'cause he like, yeah I wanna see who in there tonight throwing the money. Like, You know. Yeah. Jesus. Well we got just with the mess coming up, what we talking about Will Smith, they ain't got nothing to do with none of that.


Diddy ish. Okay. Oh boy. Who put Will Smith's name in it? I don't even know. Did he put his own name in it? I don't even know. I never even heard Will Smith name in it. I Don't know. But he told us he ain't got nothing to do with it. So we gonna get into that. All right, we'll get into that next. It's The Breakfast Club. Good morning, The Breakfast Club Morning everybody. It's DJ Envy. Just hilarious. Charlamagne the guy. We are The Breakfast Club. Let's get to just with the Mess You News is real. Jessica Robin Moore just don't do no lying. Don't Do, She Don't spare nobody World Worldwide On The Breakfast Club.


She's a cultureship. She Was able to get y'all to see something and understand something that nobody could get you to see. It's time to set it off. All right, so Will Smith hit the stage at the observatory North Park in San Diego on Thursday and at one point the show he spoke to the crowd about his alleged involvement with Diddy. I haven't addressed any of this publicly, but I just want to say this very clearly. I don't have shit to do with Puffy so y'all can stop. All of means y can stop all of that bull. I ain't been nowhere near no damn freak off. Listen, I do enough of my own. Don't be putting me in other people's bullshit whenever y'all hear it.


If somebody say that, it is a damn lie. I don't even like baby oil. Yo Will, I have never heard anybody say anything about Will and did he n not once Ever. I I I, now of course now I've heard other things like about Will like we've all been hearing but, And I I never heard nobody even try to even remotely, No, not even a little Bit, put him in the same room as Diddy with any of this stuff. So that, that's what's so funny. But he said all right, he said don't don't put him in it. So he just mean he probably trying to catch it before it come. Don't don't, don't put him in it. Jesus Christ. Oh, Paul. Yeah. He tried to catch him before it come. Don't put me in it. That's that's what he's Saying.


He's not trying to catch any. Okay, go ahead. Continue. Oh yeah, that's what he's Saying. Don't put me in nothing. Ain't trying To catch it at all. That's right. All right, moving on. All right. Cardi B speaks on Offset relationship won't offset. He speaks, she speaks on a relationship between her and Offset. So some texts between Cardi and Offset, they were leaked over the weekend and the text has showed a conversation between Offset and Cardi talking about whether or not the new baby should be kept or not. The the the most recent baby, which we know she kept the baby. Right. And then Cardi mentions a woman named Pree in the text messages, who is alleged, I mean the alleged girlfriend of Offset and this is what it's saying.


So the offset say Keep my child right. And then he also said, And I'm not gonna read this long excerpt because these rappers, they, they write like they rap like they type like they rap or whatever. So, but he basically saying, yo, you got me pressing you to, to keep a child that I might, that might not even be mine for real. And then so she says, all right, so you don't gotta answer the phone and all that type of stuff. So that that's that's that's the gist of that text message. When the text leaked online, the fans were discussing it and they dragged Cardi into it. So a random fan has said, I don't blame Offset. You go on Instagram and see bitches that look and cook way better than your wife without a wasp BBL you, you would step out too.


Right. Cardi saw that, You know, she don't like nobody talking about and You know, and we know she cannot ignore nothing for nothing. So then she posted more text messages between her and Offset and basically this is proving that he be on her or whatever like, 'cause he said Damn you look pretty come over. She said, I told you you never get in this this vagina again. I mean that he said I want a f why you being like that to me? You feel like you feel like you gonna be on me If you do, I want you, I miss your, I wi I miss what's in between your legs. I miss your face. You make when we f in my opinion, that don't sound like a husband talking to his wife. That sound like a little jump off like, You know what I'm saying? Like, I mean unless this is how they play, this is how they go back and forth or whatever.


'cause we know her and offset they talk to each other and then they both rappers so they could have their own little lingo but it's just, I don it is just the way he talking to it just sound like he talking to another random chick anyway. You feel me? Like You know what it sound like, it sound like they not together and they both in the city 'cause they both from Miami or whatever they, wherever they was and he trying to get some to get over with. Hey but you gotta try something with it. Yeah. So you gotta it it's a start. Yeah. But he and he he look at that like, you, you drunk, you horny. Right. I'm drunk, I'm horny. So lemme just see if I could slide in this way. Right. Any way possible. Lemme slide in and This and this ain't what I would've posted to back up that. Oh he still want me. You know what I'm saying? No, I Think, I think she said somebody broke into offsets Instagram or Twitter and was hacking it. Yeah. That was the first set of text messages. The ones that when they were talking about the baby and whether or not they were gonna keep the, the baby or not.


These Cardi posted some of her own and this was to pretty much say like, nah he do be wanting me, he do be on me. Like Don't she's still on my body. Yeah, Yeah, yeah. Pretty much. And he is still on that body or whatever. So she also got on spaces and she addressed the leaks. 'cause she said the first set was leaked and It was a hack. I'm not even gonna lie to y'all. It was a hack. No crypto people are hacking so many people. That's why today actually not today. Actually it was actually like five days ago, I had a notification that people was trying to get on my Twitter but like my super protected, I will never get back with this. But I'm not even gonna lie, we've been peaceful for a week. So we like the energy. I don't bother you. You don't bother me.


You heard I'm what? A don't bother me. I hear you with a I don't bother you. So we've been on good terms and yes, like they posted that text message myself because it's like, I don't like when try to play me. Mm. Yo they, they must never have peace. 'cause she said a week, like that was like six months. I mean it just, it just started. I see them going. I I see them back together in a, in a couple of months. Right. You do. The reason I say that is they were in Miami this weekend. He was in one section at the club. She was in another section. They did the Cam Newton. Okay. He started throwing singles and she started throwing singles. He started throwing singles at her. Then she started throwing singles at him. Okay. It's like, sounds Like a healthy little competition. I I think it's, I I think they gonna get to the point where they're gonna realize the grass ain't greener on the other side and be like, You know what, let's try to make this work.


Yeah. I hope they got three kids together. I know they really, really love each other, but they going through it. I I hope they able to. I absolutely just make it work. Yeah. I just want her to just not focus on what people are saying online. Fix that, what your husband is, that's what you wanna do. And then offset you fix that with your wife. That's what you wanna do. Y'all do that in peace. All right, well he wrapping this up, but listen. New couple alert Burn a boy and Chloe. I seen that it was some little speculation now it ain't confirmed or nothing like that but You know, they was seen together in these Lego streets, so Yeah. He even had a, just a little hand on her knee, but You know, we'll talk about it. One of our producers is mad about that. Really? But yeah. 'cause he loves Chloe so Yeah, the African one. Oh, The African one, Okay. Yeah, our only African producer up here.


But she looked like she done chose another African on your ass, so No. Right. We we'll we'll get into it. Next. Next. Alright, Well that was just with the mess. Now when we come back, we got the People's Choice Mix. Get your request in now. So don't go anywhere. It's The Breakfast Club. Good morning. Morning everybody. It's DJ Envy. Jess. Hilarious. Charlemagne the guy. We are The Breakfast Club salute to Pete Buttigieg for joining us again this morning. He's the Secretary of Transportation. He stopped through And I just gotta send a shout out to everybody at Lion King. I took the family to see Lion King yesterday, an amazing show. I had my 3-year-old there and she loved it. I know you're supposed to have supposed to be four and older, but I took it anyway. Anyway. But they had a good time.


I mean they, they really had an amazing time just singing the dancing, the show that they put on. And I wanna sl to the one lady who, it was her last, I don't wanna say she retired, but maybe she retired from Lion King. I think her name was Angelica. Mm. And she was on there since 2014. Mm. They call her a swinger, meaning that she's able to play everybody's part in the Lion King. That's so she could be the hyena, she could be the lion, she could be all that. She was trained to play each and every one of them. So salute to her. It was just so dope to see the to it. And my kids love plays. Yeah. So they're really into it. So I'm gonna see, I'm gonna see them plays be expensive though. But how Long was it though? That Was a long time. It was a, it was an hour intermission and another hour.


So about two hours and 30 minutes. Okay, cool. Yeah, yeah, yeah. So salute to that man. When we come back, Jess Charlamagne stepped out. So Jess got the positive note. Oh my God. All right. It's The Breakfast Club. Good morning. Morning everybody. It's DJ Envy. Jess. Hilarious. Charlamagne the guy. We are The Breakfast Club and let me salute to Rare, rare is a foundation nonprofit. They are dedicated to empowering former incarcerated veterans and students with financial literacy. So what they're doing this Saturday, they're doing a charity event in Queens, my Borough of Queens, New York. They're doing it at a club called Amazon where they have a boogie performing and all the proceeds from the event are gonna be going to help veterans, people that's incarcerated and students with financial literacy.


So get your tickets. It's, I'm gonna be DJing A Boogie with the Hoodies performing Leaf, which is a artist she's performing. It's gonna be pretty dope. So it's gonna be a, a great thing for kids for the holiday season. So if you want your kids to see a Boogie, You know a Boogie sells out everywhere he performs. That way you can see him up close and personal and it's for a good cause. So Salute to Rare. All Right. And then this weekend, your girl Jess, hilarious and your guy Desi Alexander will beat in these St. Louis streets. Y'all catch me in Missouri at the Helium Comedy Club. Get your tickets@jesshilariousofficial.com. We got two shows this weekend on Friday and two on Saturday as well, y'all. So make sure y'all get y'all tickets and then the positive note. Yep.


Okay. Everybody is broke these days, so if you looking forward to somebody buying you something for Christmas, look backwards. Nigga. Breakfast Club bitches, do y'all finish or y'all done


the holidays are here. It's that time of year to think about yes, gifts but not only gifts, it's the guests, the party planning, and the true meaning of the season. Spending the time with family and friends. We know it's a lot, but we're here to ease your mind and share some tips. So we'll make it through. Together with the season getting underway, now is the time to shop for amazing holiday deals at Amazon. Amazon has a wide selection for all your holiday needs. I don't care if you wanna get your people's laptops, gaming screens, whatever it is they need Amazon. Got it. Amazon Last minute deals are here. Shop last minute deals now on Amazon and visit amazon.com/black Effect podcast for my favorite picks.


The holidays are about spending time with your loved ones and creating magical memories that will last a lifetime. So whether it's family and friends you haven't seen in a while, or those who you see all the time, share holiday magic this season with an ice cold Coca-Cola. Copyright 2024. The Coca-Cola Company


Life is an act of constant reinvention that's true for you and for cause. Nissan Reimagined the all new kicks around you. The Bolds Personal plus sound system with speakers in the headrest keeps you in the groove while the Nissan Safety Shield 360 technologies keep you safe. If Nissan reinvented the kicks, you can reinvent yourself. Drive the all new Reimagined Nissan Kicks today. Available features compatible device service and consumer activation of Nissan Connect Services. Package required use only when safe and legal subject to third party service availability For more information, see Nissan usa.com/connect/legal. Apple CarPlay is a trademark of Apple Link. Intelligent all-wheel drive cannot prevent collisions or provide enhanced traction in all conditions. Always monitor traffic and weather conditions.


Taking control of your career is empowering. Just don't tell my boss I said that. Building a career is it just about a job. It's about creating a path that impacts our community and future generations. Whether you're starting out or making big moves, state Farm is here to support you with resources to help protect what you're working hard to achieve. They've got your back every step of the way because Like a good neighbor State Farm is there. Find out more@statefarm.com.


Be merry, be bright, be loved. This holiday season with sparkling holiday gifts from Pandora jewelry, bring the sparkle to Black Friday with Pandora jewelry from November 16th through December 3rd. Receive 30% off storewide, handpicked, and ready to wrap, wear and love. Select from a wide range of possibilities for personalization. From festive charms with vibrant pops of color, shimmering rings and earrings designed to dazzle, to radiant bracelets and necklaces shining in a mix of luminous metals. Pandora has something special for everyone on your holiday list. Shop Pandora jewelry today and save 30% off some exclusion supply.