
The holidays are about spending time with your loved ones and creating magical memories that will last a lifetime. So whether it's family and friends you haven't seen in a while, or those who you see all the time, share holiday magic this season with an ice cold Coca-Cola copyright 2024. The Coca-Cola Company


Football fans. Picture this, you bet on your favorite player to score the first touchdown and he throws an awesome block so his teammate can score instead. If this happens, bet MGM wants to give you another chance at the end zone with bet mg m's. Second chance promotion. You'll get your stake back if your first touchdown score scores second instead. That's right. Bet on any pro football player to score the first touchdown of the game. If you're right, you win if your players score. Second, you get your stake back in cash. Everyone knows the most exciting part of football is the score. With be MG M's. Second Chance promotion. You have a chance to keep the fun going after the first player crosses the goal line. Place a first touchdown. Score a wager today. Be MGM and Game Central. Remind you to play responsibly. See be mgm.com for terms 21 plus only DC only existing customer offer subject to eligibility requirements. Reward vary. Gambling problem. Call 1-800-GAMBLER.


You are ready for a comeback. And with Purdue Global you can do more than take classes. You can take charge of your story, of your career, of your life. Earn a degree you can be proud of and get an education employers respect. It's time, your time, not just to go back to school, but to come back and move forward with Purdue Global. Purdue's Online University for working adults. Start your comeback@purdueglobal.edu.


Life is an act of constant reinvention that's true for you and for cause. Nissan Reimagined the all new kicks around you. The Bowles Personal plus sound system with speakers in the headrest keeps you in the groove while the Nissan Safety Shield 360 Technologies keep you safe. If Nissan invented the kicks, you can reinvent yourself. Drive the all new Reimagined Nissan Kicks today. Available Features compatible device service and consumer activation of Nissan Connect Services. Package required Use only when safe and legal subject to third party service availability. For more information, see Nissan usa.com/connect/legal. Apple CarPlay is a trademark of Apple Link. Intelligent all-wheel Drive cannot prevent collisions or provide enhanced traction in all conditions. Always monitor traffic and weather conditions.


You Could sit there and listen to ads or you could take a moment to have a Diet Coke break. First, grab a chilled diet Coke 'cause if you want it to be perfect, it needs to be crispy. Next, get a big cup of ice. 'cause everyone knows Diet Coke is best served swimming and ice. Then sip it slowly. Feel that burn and enjoy your break for as long as possible. When you need a break, don't forget to grab an ice cold Diet Coke and take a Diet Coke break.


Good morning. USA Yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo. Just hilarious. Wake that ass up. Charlemagne the guy. Peace to the planet. It is Thursday. Good morning. Yes. How y'all feel out there? I feel blessed black and highly favored. Happy to be here for another day to serve our last day before vacation, baby. That Is right. And we had a special guest in the building a little earlier. We had Marley in the building. Marley made a little. We had Marley. You know, She popped up who Marley is first She popped up four Second Marley is Jess H's. Second child. And she popped up four second. She said, what's up? She said, gang, gang.


And then she went back to sleep. She don't need to be saying gang. Gang. Yeah. Then She went back to sleep. Yeah. Can y'all hear me? 'cause I feel like, I feel like the Bruce Lee movie again. It's a little late little Bruce Lee. My mouth is moving, but y'all can't see. This is where I hate doing radio from home. This is crazy. It's just a little delay. That's all. Nothing Crazy. Go fix it in a second. Yeah. A little Bruce Lee ish. But you good though? Yeah. What you mean a little Bruce Lee ish? Because her mouth is moving. But the lyric, the words are coming like 30 seconds later. The Kung fu movies. Y'all know how You know Bruce Lee will be talking and then you won't hear nothing until after he say what he said. That's Right. Yeah. I don't feed up. I don't see it. Yeah, I'm looking at her now. I don, She's fine now. It's getting together now. Fine. I think it's good now.


Alright, well we got some special guests joining us today. We have Skills, mad Skills VA's Own. He'll be joining us, You know, skills used to do the wrap up. Phenomenal rapper and writer. He'll be talking to us. He's nominated for a Grammy, so we'll be talking to Skills. He Actually put out a poetry album called The Seven Number Ones and it's the seven first in his life. Okay. And so he decided to do it at the poetry album and not a rap album. And now he's nominated for a Grammy. That's right. And also Lil Baby will be joining us. Charlamagne had a conversation with Lil Baby that we're gonna be getting on in a, in a little bit. Yeah. Last weekend I, I, I went, I I went down to, well I'm not gonna say where I went, but I was down there and me and Lil Baby had a conversation about his new album. His new album comes out called, called Wham.


Wham comes out on January 3rd. That's right. So we're gonna be kicking with them and I'm in Atlanta right now. Salute to 96.1 to Beat Tonight is their first Jingle Ball, which is a huge concert which has performances from Illa, sexy, red, gunna, TIT Pain, ededie Kid, Laroi, Khalid and Tene. So there's still like very little tickets left. So if you want to get some tickets, get your tickets now we gonna have an amazing time. I'm in Atlanta the whole day. I was out and about in the city for the pre-party last night. It's gonna be a lot of fun. So if you get a chance, if you're in Atlanta area, if you're in the Georgia area, you wanna pull up and you wanna see Gorilla, you wanna see Sexy Red ti and all those people I just named get your tickets. It's our guy Louis v's. First concert. So Louis to come down here and support Louis V, they gave Louis VA big ass budget.


You can afford Gorilla and Sexy Red. I don't know if they gave a good budget or if he was able to wiggle some stuff around. He might have been able to wiggle. You might have had to do some something strange for some change. Damn. Louis V For all 'em artists. That's Crazy. Oh my God. And do y'all know y'all DJs be having connections or whatever? He probably cool with half half of them. So Know ain't nobody doing nothing for free no more. They don't need radio like that. That's Why I said they might have to do some something strange for some changes. I don't know. But That's crazy. If you the one sucking beef a little sexy red to perform. That's crazy. Oh my Good. If you doing what Sexy red crap's about to to get hurt to perform. That's crazy. That's crazy. Right, right. Yeah. Alright, well let's get the show Crack. We got front page news. Morgan will be joining us. It's The Breakfast Club. Good morning. Good morning everybody.


It's Djj Envy. Jess. Hilarious. Charlemagne the guy. We are The Breakfast Club. Let's get some front page news now on Thursday night Football. The Broncos take on the charges at eight 15. Good morning Morgan. Good morning. Good morning. Envy Charlemagne and just hilarious. How y'all feeling on this Thursday? Ready? Good Girl. We probably be on vacation. I'm feeling good. I know that's right. So we love to see it. We love to see it. Whether it's before the holidays, the new year or whenever it hits, the rates are lower y'all. So that's a good thing. The Federal Reserve is lowering the rates for the third time this year. It was announced on Wednesday. They're cutting interest rates by a quarter of a percentage point and fed a chair.


Jerome Powell explains the reasoning. Let's hear from him. We decided it was the right call because we thought it the best decision to foster achievement of both of our goals. Maximum employment and price stability. We see the risks as two-sided moving too slowly and needlessly undermine economic activity in the labor market or move too quickly and needlessly undermine our progress. Yeah. So he talks about it. That's great. Go Ahead. Yeah, I was gonna say that's great. I mean you're seeing one of the highest foreclosure rates on homes. You're seeing one of the highest of people getting their cars and their vehicles taken. So the fact that they could lower some of those rates and and cut off a lot of money off some of these people's bills is, is amazing. Which is, which is I'm I'm sure the reason why they were doing it.


Absolutely. So it does bring the Fed's benchmark short term rates to a range of four and a quarter percent to 4.5%. Now Fed officials began lowering the rates from the fall with, from a 23 year high 5.5% as inflation has eased following the pandemic looking ahead, policymakers indicated that two more rate cuts are likely in the year ahead 2025. So we're looking forward to that. Meanwhile, house minority leader, Hakeem Jeffries, he's speaking out after Republicans rejected a bipartisan spending bill that would've averted a government shutdown. Now Congress announced Tuesday that a deal had been reached to keep the government open through March 14th.


However, Republicans rejected it after Trump released a statement regarding that bill. Now Jeffrey says Republicans will have to face the consequence of a government shutdown. Let's hear more from house minority leader Hakeem Jeffries. House Republicans have been ordered to shut down the government and hurt everyday Americans all across this country. House Republicans will now own any harm that is visited upon the American people that results from a government shutdown or worse.


I feel like they do this every year. I feel like every year they have this, this game of chicken when it comes to the go. The government shutdown every Couple of months. It seems like it not every year. Just deal with this a couple of months ago. Yes, every, every few months for sure. And You know now that there's a new incoming administration, of course they're gonna handle it differently in how they wanna handle it. Jefferies also noted that the deal had disaster relief funds and assistance for families and veterans. So for Trump to kill this bill. Yeah, we'll see how that impacts us in the coming year. So the White House, of course, is criticizing President-elect Trump for sinking that bill. Although Congress announced they had reached the deal earlier, white House press Secretary Kain Jean Pierre said Republicans need to stop playing politics with this bipartisan agreement or they will hurt hardworking Americans and create instability across the country.


She added that the government's shut down of course is gonna hurt farmers, veterans, and families saying a deal is a deal and Republicans should keep their word. Meanwhile, Elon Musk, he talked about it more than a hundred times yesterday on Ask X he called the Bill criminal saying that he posted a warning saying that any member of the house or Senate who votes for this outrageous bill deserves to be voted out in two years. So Mu Musk and Vivek were Mus Swami have been elected presidents. The president-elect knew heads of department of government efficiency. So yeah, the two have also vo voiced their opposition in regards to the bill that would've had the government funded through March 14th.


So again, I'll keep you guys posted on this. You know we're gonna take our little Christmas break, we're gonna have our little time with our family. But top of the year, You know bus is back to business so we'll talk more about it at seven. Alright, thank you Morgan. We'll see you in a little bit. Everybody else get it off your chest. 805 8 5 1 0 5 1 if you need to vent, phone lines are wide open again. 805 8 5 1 0 5 1. Get it off your chest. Call us up right now. Phone lines are wide open. It's The Breakfast Club. Good morning. The Breakfast Club. Ray, Ray. Ray. Yo, char man, what up are we live? This is your time to get it off your chest. I Got an indoor pool, a outdoor Pool. We want to hear from you on The Breakfast Club.


We can Get on the phone right now. He'll tell you what it is. We live. Hello? Who's this? Good morning y'all. This is from Columbus. How y'all feeling? How you feeling this morning? How are you? How are you? I'm good. Who up there? You Mean who up there? The people who work here? Anybody up There? Charlemagne, tha God DJ can be just hilarious. Hey. Okay, cool, cool, cool. First of all, envy not dying. I had to call back just for you. I'm not Spanish. Yes you are. Don't Police not be died. Me. I'm not Spanish So that's crazy how you don't like representing for your set, bro. That's crazy Y'all. I thought about you, but anyway, check this out. Jess, I'm glad you up there. You the two, the expert. So I just watched True a video of Benzino crashing out.


Did y'all talk about that Yet? No, we just got it. We just got 13 minutes ago. So Why is Benzino shaking and rocking on the ground and his girlfriend is out here like, no, stop. Don't do that. And he got a knife in his, so he trying to un Alive Himself because she called the police because he slapped her up. Allegedly. Now he went and did a response video. And this say this was for a a, a rehearsal for a Tubby movie. Jazz. Do you be acting like that for a Tubby movie audition? It depends on what, what the movie is. It depends on what the movie is, but I, I don't know.


I don't know. We we going talk about, I don't Know. First of all girl, nobody auditions for a Tubie movie. Okay. You just walk in asin. No, no, no. Don't you just walk in asin Don't Do that. Don't do that. They do hold auditions Don. You Just roll outta bed and walk right in and get the, get to talking. Just Get the part. That's it. Now Don't do this like that in Charlamagne because I keep telling you about these homeless slippers you keep wearing. And I seen this last picture that you had on and this whole ma'am Socks was looking crazy. First of all. First I don talking about Nobody. First of all, what you don't know is I was pre preparing for a role in a Tubie movie. Okay? That's what You know. What Is Socks Charlemagne?


What Is going on? It's called Bumming the City. Not Sex in the City. Bumming the city and it's about a man just trying to make it in these mean streets in New York. Okay. No, that don't even make sense. I just need y'all to call a friend of the room and tell Benzino to stop crashing out. He need medicine and go to the doctor. Okay? Yeah, if he, if he, if he is, You know, if he wasn't preparing for a role in a Tubby movie and he was indeed online threatening to kill himself, we don't want that. No, but he said it was a Tubi movie. That's what he said it was. No, There's no way bro. Go look at the video. Give him donkey in a day and fe police not be died To argue Giving that man Don get there. He was trying to kill, kill Himself Mama. And then he kill himself. Didn't adios she off.


All right, get it off your chest. 805 8 5 1 0 5 1 If you need to vent, phone lines are wide open. It's The Breakfast Club. Good morning. The Breakfast Club. This Is your Time to get it off your chest. Whether you're mad or Blessed, I hate the way that you walk, the way that you talk. I hate the way that you dress. Everything with me is blessed. Call up next (800) 585-1051. Not just me, I'm with the coach of feeling. Hello? Who's this ho? Hold hold y'all. Hold, hold. What's up Envy? What's up tra Jeff what's going on Baby? What's up baby? What's up? Nothing. Chilling. Chilling. Charlemagne. Where you at?


P what up sis? Somebody done stole my lighter. You said somebody stole your lighter? Yeah, they done stole my lighter. I'm a good lighter too. What? What You, what you got a lighter for? What? You smoke? They light his candles. You know he ain't smoking nothing but what's up with your boo. That's right. You still with your boo for the holidays? I know you had a boo at one time. You still with the boo? The old boo. Oh nah, nah, nah. We we, we, we, we stopped talking back in July. We stopped talking back in July. Oh damn. Right before my birthday. Damn. No, But it's fine. You know what I mean? No summer but Winter I'm saving money. It's the wintertime man. Ain't no winter but right now it Long But I'm saving money on Christmas. I just wanted to call and say happy holidays to my favorite You know radio station, my favorite radio family, The Breakfast Club and yeah y'all have a Merry Christmas and a Happy holidays And I see you on y'all getting back.


Thank you Trav. Thank you. Appreciate you brother. Hello. Who's this? Yes sir. Good morning Breakfast Club. It's Ja from Indy. Ja. What's up Ja? Hey crew, me and my son got beef man. Me and my son got beef. Well How how old is your son? First of all? He's 19. Oh why y'all got B? What? Thinking I ain't gonna let him beat me up. He definitely gonna beat your ass but come on, continue. What happened? Alright so real quick. He don't listen to me. I, I made a deal with him. I said from January through June, which is the summertime, you get straight A's I'll pay your whole rent for the, You know, while he is in college check his report card. It ain't an A on there, BS and Cs. And I'm like listen man, you moved off campus and you done lost your way to joined this fraternity.


So you stay with your mom when you come home from this break. 'cause we got B Bro. Like let's be honest, I know every parent want their kids to have A's but college is difficult, especially your first year off campus. It is very difficult to get acclimated. Give 'em a little grace. You got Bs and Cs Man. But it, oh he got B's and Cs. I was Say you can get those up Failing. That's Different. Yeah, he not failing, he just, he average Bs and Cs Come On. Yeah. Yeah. Right. But I think what I can take away from this is I never whooped him growing up but now I'm rethinking that whole process. It's too late now For a be a be bad. You gonna pull who is your Parents do to you. Damn. Yeah you Nigeria you must, you must be Nigerian. You stupid.


Hey man I appreciate y'all. I'm outta here. I'm upset. I Joking. Yeah that must be a Nigerian. Nigerian like you thought you what you mean you have no air. What Accent was that? Ain't That was not Nigerian? I don't know what accent that Was. Ain't nothing wrong with a B. Nah, I mean of course you want to encourage your kids to do better but if a B is A a B is a B, Nah all right. But man, if he told me he was gonna pay my rent I would have a, He tried, he college is difficult. Well his daddy might be seeing something that we don't see like You know he might, his dad might be saying yo you're not focused enough. You was focused before you be getting named all Of that stuff. Yeah but the fact he said you can't come home to my house. You gotta stay with your mom 'cause you got a B is crazy.


He didn't get D's and F's But he joined a fraternity and he probably doing a lot more partying than focusing. You know what I mean? That is true. Yeah. Alright well get it off your chest. 805 8 5 1 0 5 1. We got just with the mess coming up what we talking about? Yes. Yes. This married couple has been fighting back and forth. Cardi and Offset. We're gonna get into what they talking about. Alright, We'll get into that. Next is The Breakfast Club. Good morning. The Breakfast Club Mario Morning everybody, it's DJ Envy, Jess Aria, Charlamagne the guy. We are The Breakfast Club. Let's get to Jess with the Mess. News is real blessing. Jessica Robin Moore just don't do no lying. Don't Do, She don't nobody Worldwide.


Jess Worldwide Method On The Breakfast Club. She's A cultureship. She was able to get y'all to see something and understand something that nobody could get you to see. It's time to set it off. Alright, bear with me through this story y'all because Cardia and Off said they was going back and forth and when they, when I like I always say when two rappers go back and forth it's like they should have put it in a song 'cause they type like they rap or whatever. Right. So Card and Offset have added us back into the chat again. Y'all remember Cardia let us know the Hern offs that had to come to some sort of peaceful space. Remember she said we've been peaceful for a week. That space was very, very small. It was very Shortlived because it is gone now. Card Offset was online going at it yesterday going back and forth with fans and each other.


And I Offset had took shot at shots at Cardi on X telling her it is giving hoe and that's not the look that she wanted verbatim. He said nobody win when a family fight stop capping to these people to make yourself look like the hoe. It ain't the look you, it ain't the look you want. You are a fire woman, good music, but you focus on Dingling and trying to make me look bad. Focus bruh. This is whack from both of us honestly. Drop the album and go up. By Dingling you mean penis? Yes, absolutely. Okay. I think You but can I say Dingling? Yes you can say Dingling. Alright, that's better. Okay, so Cardi responded. She said so dating because I'm single means I'm just worrying about Dingling. You sound like a dummy trying to be fake nice.


After you did what you did from the beginning trying to push a narrative to these people. Congratulations F off and sign the papers today. Offset responds when you split the custody. I will You ain't worried about music, you worried about Dingling. Everybody can see it. All you talk about is Dingling and in the club be burnt, no music, no nothing, just drama and Dingling. So Offset also said single and miserable. Check to check to Last Spaces. You mentioned me, you getting, you getting hit at the flex though. Get your flex on my mind. That must be like something from a song I don't know but Cardi hopped on spaces. She must have got tired of typing and this what she said, Happy, happy as that I gave you attention for one day and now you trying to spin a narrative like I wanna be with you knowing that that's not, it gave you some out of sight time 'cause another pissed me the off and now you trying to push this narrative, stop play with me before I really go there.


You fucking pissing me off. I told you to shut the up and leave me the fuck alone. And yes, I apologize to you about posting those text messages but no, you wanna keep it. You wanna take here I'll violate right now, now I'm sleeping and you're trying. Can I, can I ask one simple question? What's that? Why do we need to know all of this? Like why can't they just be texting each other and when they do text each other, they don't have to take the text to social media. Like I don't understand why they are bringing so many other people into what's going on in their relationship. That's easy to be said but You know when one starts on social media, right? Another replies and then it just, it gets outta hand Because some people feel like, nah you lying. I gotta redeem myself. 'cause You know the, the media gonna go with whatever, whoever come out first with some negative issue.


Y already know that y'all seen what happened with Remy and Pat and, and that's why I feel like Pat felt like he had to get online 'cause Remy was coming at this man like straight up, straight up like that. But I don't know whose words that married couple or this married couple. But it was so many tweets back and forth. Like I said, that was just the ones that I had pulled. So y'all can get the main gist of what the argument was about. Offset is basically like been speaking out and saying that Cardi is being different behind the scenes and that Cardi still on him, which she denies. You know what I'm saying? So it's just crazy because everybody know Cardi has been embarrassed by upset for so long and, but she kept going back and going back and that's why her fans, she be getting into it with her fans or whatever it is just been embarrassing. And in some of the tweets she even said that.


She said she's been in the house for years now that she out. You know what I mean? Now you, now I'm a hoe. You know what I'm saying? Now that I'm not at home waiting for you to finish doing what you doing, you pop out with a bitch every other week, You know what I'm saying? But now that I'm trying to move on, now I'm dating or whatever, I gotta be a hoe and all of that. I Don understand you can't complain about, You know, people being in your business. You can't complain about people talking about you all the time if you're constantly giving them so much of your personal life. Yeah, right. That's right. That's right man. So I I just really hope that they can move forward amicably they got three Chi three children, right? Yep. They got three children. So I mean I just really hope that they can come. 'cause just last week she said we had peaceful a week. I'm, I'm wishing for many more of those peaceful weeks in 2025.


It's Gonna take some time though, You know, single or not. I know it's Gonna take some time. I mean it's still emotional. They still probably feel a way about different and, and the sad thing about it is Charlemagne to say, You know, we know Remy, we know Pat, we know Offset, we know Cardi B, they're sane people. Like they're smart people. But right now they're letting the internet and The World get the best of it. And I, I wish like Charlamagne said, they would take it off this social media and this internet and just deal with it internally. Yeah, yeah absolutely. Moving on Black Panther announcements. So y'all know Black Panther is about to be fired. I mean basically we heard Denzel talk about it and the reason why I was gonna be fired because people who working on the movie can't stop talking about it even when they not supposed to. Now I did something like that so I, I can speak to this but they not supposed to be talking about it first.


Denzel accidentally revealed Black Panther three when he was speaking on retiring from his career. We got the audio for that. I wanna do things I haven't done. I played Othello at 22. I'm about to play at 70 after that I'm playing Hannibal after that. I've been talking with Steve McQueen about a film after that Ryan Kugel is writing a part for me in the next Black Panther. After that I'm gonna do the film Othello. After that I'm gonna do King Lear. After that I'm gonna retire. All right, so after that he ended up calling Ryan Cougar to apologize for saying something about the movie prematurely because ain't nobody white supposed to be saying nothing yet. Now Marvel fans, they really excited.


I'm a Marvel fan so I'm a Marvel Lee. And the reason why is because the Marvel executive who was leaving the company also made mention of the Black Panther three. Nate Moore, he my cousin a top creative eight for real. He's a top creative executive at Marvel and he is leaving the company after being with them for 14 years. And he confirmed that even though he was leaving the company, he still is gonna continue working on the Black Panther franchise for at least one more film. And this is what he said verbatim. My cousin was like, I couldn't be more excited to apply my experience and passion for film towards theatrical movies in all genres including returning to The World of Wakanda for Black Panther three.


So even though ain't nobody supposed to be saying nothing, that's what we getting y'all so Denzel at that age where you can't really tell him nothing 'cause he don't care. So he gonna spill all his ducks. He gonna tell all his old stories. Whatever you tell him down he, he ain't gonna lie for you. He ain't keeping no secrets that he at that age. If you don't want the truth, don't ask him no questions. Yep. Okay. That man said listen, I, if I done told these people that I did dope a couple times, they definitely gonna find out about Black Panther three. Exactly. I'm sorry. You know Jesus. So it is what it is. But that is just with the mess. Thank you Jess. Jess why You dressed like you in the county? Like you just got out the just got out prison this morning. Why You trying, why you trying to play you? I don't know why You trying to play me but yo, I know I'm not looking at my best this morning. I just had my daughter but her father came in.


No, the face card is fine. I'm just talking about the county jail shirt you got on. Exactly. This is, this is a maternity shirt. I was breastfeeding yo before I hop on Here. Oh okay, okay, okay. Stop playing To play. You look Fine Jess. I play with you like that. Alright. That's why he the only one in the studio. Clown ass. All right, when we come back we got front page news Morgan will be joining us and also Congresswoman Jasmine Crockett. She'll be breaking down what the shutdown, the government shutdown actually means for everybody. For everyday people we'll talk to her. Next it's The Breakfast Club. Good morning. Morning everybody. It's DJ Envy, just hilarious. Charlamagne the guy. We are The Breakfast Club. Let's get in some front page news and some quick sports.


And Thursday night football, the Broncos take on the charges at the Holidays are about spending time with your loved ones and creating magical memories that will last a lifetime. So whether it's family and friends you haven't seen in a while or those who you see all the time, share holiday magic this season with an ice cold Coca-Cola copyright 2024. The Coca-Cola company Football fans. Picture this, you bet on your favorite player to score the first touchdown and he throws an awesome block so his teammate can score instead. If this happens, bet MGM wants to give you another chance at the end zone with bet mg m's.


Second chance promotion. You'll get your stake back if your first touchdown score scores second instead. That's right. Bet on any pro football player to score the first touchdown of the game. If you're right, you win if your players score second, you get your stake back in cash. Everyone knows the most exciting part of football is the score. With Be M GM's Second chance promotion. You have a chance to keep the fun going after the first player crosses the goal line. Place a first touchdown, score a wager today. Be MGM and Game Central. Mind you to play responsibly. See be m gm.com for terms 21 plus only DC Only existing customer offer subject to eligibility requirements, rewards varying gambling problem.


Call 1-800-GAMBLER. Hey fam, if you're like me, you are thinking about how to level up in your career. Maybe you're fresh out of college, just starting in your field or even looking to switch things up and find your true calling. Whatever stage you're in, remember that this is your time to grow, to learn, and to build something that lasts. State Farm understands that early career development is key to long-term success. They've been a steady presence in our communities and they know that having the right support early on can make all the difference. State Farm is there to help you make smart moves and to help you get the coverage you need.


We all know that the journey to success is a marathon, not a sprint. It's about staying focused, staying grounded, and making sure you're protected every step of the way. Let's build our careers with confidence knowing that State Farm is there to support us just like they've always been because Like a good neighbor, a State Farm is there. Find out more@statefarm.com. This is it your moment. This is your time to make your comeback with Purdue Global. When you come back with a Purdue Global degree, you create opportunity for yourself, your family, and your future. It's a degree you can be proud of, a degree that employers will trust and respect Purdue Global offers working adults like you.


Over 175 flexible degree programs to meet your specific career goals. These include associate, bachelor's, master's, and doctoral degrees and certificates. Purdue global degree programs range from nursing to business to communication and more. Whatever your interest, we have the degree that will move you forward. You have the knowledge, you have the experience. Now it's time to get credit for the work you've done and earn the recognition you deserve with Purdue Global, Purdue's Online University for working adults. You know you're worth it. We do too. So don't wait another second to get the degree that will take your career to the next level. Start your comeback today@purdueglobal.edu.


The other day a friend started telling me about their New Year's resolutions And I said, whoa, it's kind of early, don't you think? And they said, not for me. 'cause if I know my resolution plan now I can enjoy the holidays knowing how I'm gonna get everything back under control. And that got me thinking. I'm Carl the CEO of body. That's body with an eye. What if I made you an offer so good that you'd be all set with a proven fitness and nutrition plan to start the new year. But you need to sign up by Christmas. It's called the New Year's Jumpstart Sale. You'll save 72% on an annual subscription to the Body Library of 130 proven step-by-step programs like 21 Day Fix and P 90 x plus our easy to follow nutrition plans.


And check this out. When you sign up today, you have a chance to win $10,000 every time you log a workout in December and January. But this offer ends Christmas Day. So get a jumpstart with a great deal on body's proven fitness and nutrition plans. But you need to sign up now@body.com. That's BOD i.com Eight 15. Good morning, Morgan. Good morning, envy Charlamagne. Just listen. Our government, in the last hour we did speak about a bill that would've kept the government funded through March Congress. Clap back. Queen Jasmine Crockett, I believe is on the phone called up for Charlemagne. Can you take it from here? Charla Congresswoman Jasmine Crockett.


Good morning Jasmine. Morning y'all. How you feeling? How you feeling? Good morning Girl. Terrible. Why she don't want me to go home? Oh boy. Yo, Jasmine, why does it seem like this threat of a government shutdown happens every year? You know, every couple months It seems like it. Yeah, you right. It has been an ongoing every couple of months type of situation. But we always made it through. But this time I don't know what's gonna happen. Listen, we don't have elections. So they didn't already got elected. They sure that everybody gonna forget in two years. Like everybody forgot four years later. All the crap that we went through with Trump. So now they talking about shutting down the government. So when y'all get stuck at the airport trying to get home, mm. Hey y'all know who to blame.


So what, what does, can you break down what exactly that means? 'cause when people hear it, it, we hear it so much, it really means nothing anymore. So when they talk about shutting down the government and we see millions sent to all these different countries, what does shutting down the government actually really mean? It it legitimately means like turning off the light. So if there is a governmental agency, no money really, for the most part is flowing through to that agency. So when you think about our military, whether our troops are here or abroad, they're not getting money. Okay? So they still have to show up because we consider them to be essential, but they're not getting checks. So same thing with T-S-A-T-S-A is essential. Same thing with our air traffic controllers. They're essential.


When you think about border patrol, they're essential, but they're not getting checks. So what happens is a lot of people burn through any time that they have off. 'cause they're like, well why am I gonna show up and you're not gonna pay me? And you risk losing your job if you're like, You know what, I can't do this. Like, we need money today, so I'm gonna go and get another job. They actually will fire you if you go and get another job. So for anybody that is receiving section eight benefits or trying to get benefits, you may not necessarily get that because there's nobody there processing that. If you're trying to get your veterans benefits, you may not get that. So any and everything that the federal government touches, it stops Damn well who?


Well, whose fault is this Jasmine? Because You know, a democrat says Republican's fault. I saw JD Vance and Trump saying yesterday it was Democrat's fault. So whose fault is it when Congress doesn't want to do things like raise the nation's debt ceiling? Okay, so the debt ceiling is completely different. Oh, okay. Okay. Okay. So it's something different. Yeah, the debt ceiling is different, but he's trying to throw that into our budget. Okay. Okay. So basically like, just pretend like you're paying your bills for the month and you got your mortgage, you got your car note, you got your utilities. So we have 12 appropriation, but appropriation bills we haven't gotten through our budget. So basically it's like, You know what, we just gonna hold this over everything that we already been paying, we gonna keep paying it until March.


That's what the continuing resolution is. Okay. But let's say like you run outta money, you, your, your bills are higher than the money that you got coming in, right? That's when you hit basically your credit card limit. That's the debt limit. Our debt ceiling will not be reached until next year and we'll have to go through a fight to raise the limit and that kind of stuff. But we haven't ra we haven't hit it. When they decided to get rid of Kevin McCarthy, it was Trump that was like, y'all need a new speaker because he raised the debt ceiling. But he knows that he's about to run up our debt like he did the first time. So he wants to raise it before we've even hit the limit because he wants to run up our debt taking care of all these rich folk that he's putting into his administration.


Oh, okay. So what, what do you think about when Elon Mu, when Elon Musk said the government should shut down until Trump becomes president. What do you think about that? Listen, considering the fact that they don't know how government works, I'm just gonna say that things will get real spicy if that happens. So listen, I don't see us shutting down that long. I mean, if the Republicans are that ignorant, so be it. But this is what happens when you put very rich people over the government because they don't care about the rest of us. They're not gonna feel the same pain. They can go off to whatever random island or country they want to and wait it out and get taken care of. That is not the case for the average American.


So, I mean, I just want y'all to understand that Elon Musk is puppeteering Donald Trump right now. He bought that presidency for anybody that thought they were electing, they homeboy somebody who's gonna take care of them. They, he ain't consulted with y'all. It's Elon that's calling the shots. So what can people do? What can people do? Can they do anything or we just have to sit back and just take it pause? I mean, listen, you can always call your representative. And even if you have a representative that is of a different ideological background than you, they are still your representative. So I would say put in the calls because that's how you get elected. We don't get elected by Elon, we don't get elected by Donald Trump. We get elected by the people that are in our districts.


So it's important that we hear from them and they say, listen, do not shut the government down. Hey, hey J Hey Jasmine. I got two more questions. Well, something you said just now made me think about something. You said that Elon bought the presidency, right? Elon spent what, what? How much did they say he spent on Trump's campaign? Like a couple hundred million dollars? No, 250. Yeah. $250 million. 250 million. A quarter of A billion dollars. So how does that get you, how does that get you a presidency but the the over a billion dollars that the VP raised doesn't? Yeah, because there was a complete difference when you got one person that is spending that much money, that is who his allegiance is to, I, I appreciate everybody that donated to the VP because that was a consolidated billion dollars and that's just one person that did the $250 million we're talking about.


He still got plenty of money from other people. But the only person that he clearly is listening to and rewarding right now is Elon. Hmm. What do you wanna see the Biden administration do over the next 30 days before they get out? Well, one of the things that I just sent off to the president was a letter about the crack cocaine disparities. So we know that back in the day, it was a hundred to one difference when it came to crack cocaine. We know under Obama it was reduced to 18 to one. And as they've prosecuted those cases, it's been one-to-one. But there's a lot of people that are still stuck in prison right now that have that 18 to one disparity. I'm asking that all of those sentences be recalculated to a one-to-one and we have the numbers and thousands of people would actually get out of prison and another few more thousand people would actually have their sentences reduced.


And honestly, anything that he can do to make Trump's transition more difficult, I'm here for it. Well, Thank you so much. So you don't, so you don't want a peaceful transfer of power? Listen, it, it's gonna transfer. But if he decides that he wants to keep it shut down, I do want him to understand that there is not an exception and a shutdown for your inauguration monies. And in this c continuing resolution, they literally have more than $90 million in there for his dag on inauguration party. So, You know, whatever. My last question. Do you think Biden has quietly quit? No, absolutely not.


We'll see, if you don't do nothing, if you don't do nothing over the next 30 days, I I I'm gonna say he quit. Alright, All thank you Senator Congresswoman, Jennifer, you have a good senator. You too. Thank you, congresswoman. All right, thank you Jasmine. All right, thank you Morgan. Have a great holiday season. Oh, thank you guys. Happy holidays. I hope you guys enjoy your holiday season. See you top of 2025. It's gonna be a great year for us. And that's your front page news. I'm Morgan Wood, follow me on social at Morgan Media and for more news coverage, follow at Black Information Network or download the free iHeart Radio app and visit us@vinnews.com. Thank y'all Morgan. Alright, now Morgan, now when we come back, Charlamagne had an opportunity to sit down with Little Baby. This is part of his series.


What's the name of the series? Shuttle Me Outta Context. It's my out of context series that I do. I'll be sitting down having one-on-one conversations with folks. I'm gonna tell you something right now. I watched a Lil Baby and Lil Yachty yesterday. Lil Baby was way more open and vulnerable with Lil Yachty than he was than he, than he was with me. I'm telling y'all that right now. Alright? But we'll get to that now it's The Breakfast Club. Good morning, The Breakfast Club. Morning everybody. It's DJ Envy. Just hilarious. Charlamagne the guy. We are The Breakfast Club Now Charlemagne got a chance to sit down with Lil Baby. This is part of his out of context podcast on YouTube. Then let's get into that Lil Baby. How you doing? How, how you feeling, brother? Man, man, congratulations.


You just turned 30 a few weeks ago, man. Yes sir. Get up now. You feel like the old head now For sure. A thousand percent. What, what, what's the difference between turning 30 and You know, growing up in your twenties? Come real. It's Crazy. Seem like it. But even when you 29, it don't feel like the same as 30. It is just something about when you turn in 30, like a steep hill, You feel like you got more responsibility now. You know, I got the same responsibilities I been having. It's just like, it's just something about them. Twenties kind of give you a little leeway word. Seem like when you turn 30, ain't no more leeway. What'd you think made you grow up faster? The streets of the industry. I have to say both. You know what I'm saying?


And, and eat in its own way. You know what I'm saying? The industry made me grow up faster, like in like the real world. But I had to still grow up faster in the streets, You know what I'm saying? Being young kid doing grown man stuff. So it's like both parts. What, what's, what's manhood look like to you at this point in your life? Manhood and leadership. That's one thing I loved about your documentary. It was like, yo, you could tell you was a leader from the beginning. Manhood to me now is like owning stuff or working towards owning and make sure like you and your family good forever. I'm trying to make sure You know your family good forever. Is it true that your father left when you was just two years old? Yeah, something like that. I ain't gonna say left, but my mama And I, I live single parent, You know what I'm saying?


I know my dad side of the family well though, You know what I'm saying? But it was just your mom and your two sisters. Yep. So you were kind of required to be the man of the house early right Before Definitely. Do you think you, you were required to do that before you even understood what it, what it was to be a man? Certain aspects, but like you said, like you grow up fast though, You know what I'm saying? So even when you do see stuff that you're used to, you gotta like get rid of it quick. How does, how does that experience impact the way you show up as a father? My number one, I don't want my kids to live life. I live no sort of kind way, You know? And they won't be the kind of life I live. Does being a celebrity make it hard for you to be a HandsOn father?


Definitely. I can't be there as much as I want to be. You know what I'm saying? We can't do like the regular stuff. And normally we still try to do like regular, but normally people do. But like for the most part, I'm always gone. You know what I'm saying? If I do see it's for a couple days, they just not really getting settled, then they gotta go again. So it's definitely a, so I advise people to just wait. You say you advise what? I advise people to wait and we got like a career like mine, You know what I'm Saying? Oh, to have kids. Yeah. Word. Yeah. So how long would you wait? Even if 30 isn, You know what I'm saying? Like get through your twenties, kind of go through that lifestyle and kind of get away from all that. So you don't even gotta do it later on. You know what I'm saying?


Going like, get out your system. That's how I feel. How strong is it to have a a, I mean, how, how good is it to have a real strong support system? Like, You know, to have the right mother and your children and all that? That Mean everything to me. Definitely. 'cause You know what I'm saying, take advantage to raise a family. You know what I'm saying? A kid. So everybody input matters, You know, to me, man, I was, I was talking to p earlier man And I was saying that it, I feel like the internet wants you to fall off so bad. It just seemed like overnight low. They had a, a little baby fell off campaign. Where, where do you think that came from? I don't even care really. I be saying shit like that, but far as like where it came from And I, I don't mean that's how I get by, You know? I don't even get in like that, You know?


I feel like they don't want you to grow. I feel like, You know, after the bigger picture, everybody saw a little baby in a different light and they wanted, they wanted more of that. But then they wanted you to do the street too. Yeah. It is like a, it's like a give and a take. Yeah. You know what I'm saying? To the point where I kind of understand it. And what I mean by that is like, I ain't like, I really didn't ever take them with me to transition, You know what I'm saying? So like a transition. I don't expect certain people to certain fans to catch up to it. Like, You know, sometimes you gotta like dumb it down, You know? How how do you take 'em through the transition though? Do you do it through like interviews? Do you do it through music or do you That's that's the part I'm learning right now. You know what I'm saying? Like that's what I'm trying to ate.


Just giving that fan experience, You know what I'm saying? Because of course, whatever I'm doing as I'm doing it, I know what I'm doing. I know I'm changing. But if I just drop a song or if I just do something, you don't know what I done went through. You don't know the changes. So I can't even expect you to be up to speed, You know, like what I'm on. So I had to start looking at it from that aspect. The tricky about that though is if if they, they want you to be in the street, but then when you crash out they call you stupid. Yeah. So I ain't gonna get, so I always knew I wasn't gonna get up and get caught up in that. I'd rather sit it out while I goddamn be involved in that. You know what I'm saying? I saw you post, you posted that the last couple of years you've been struggling life-wise, maybe even mentally.


So, so where you at now? I'm in a better state, but like still, and then when I say stuff like that, I don't even usually say stuff like that. But I mean like, far as like that type of shit, You know what I'm saying? That's like a big transition in your head for you to go from like where I went to like where I'm trying to go. And it was like at that turning point in the last two years from being in the hood, in the streets or whatever, to trying to, You know what I'm saying, actually go the right path. You know what I'm saying? That's like a real mind boggling thing. What was it for you? Was it a, was it a dollar amount you saw? Was it the, the company you was keeping? Like what made you realize like, I got, I'm pivoting bit a little bit of everything. Okay. You know what I'm saying?


Even just, I always like, even when I was doing, I always lived like I don't got nothing to lose. Like now I got so much to lose. It's not the same no more. What, what, what you been going through though? Like, like what, what have you been going through that made you kind of like just fall back a little bit Saying everything? Like people like get in trouble around you start seeing people don't really love you for real or people might be just coming and do the craziest things to get a few dollars at you. You starting to, like at first when you, when you're first going through it, it's all new. So it's like a blur to you, then you kind of start catching on. Then after a while you like, damn, I see what's really going on. Is this why we haven't gotten a lot of music outta you over the last few years? Definitely, because I, I rap about like, I ain't really no writer, You know, not freestyle.


So it's like all in my head, You know what I'm saying? So in my head ain't in a mental space. Right. Mental space. I ain't gonna be able to, I ain just rap like that. Do you feel like musically you're vulnerable enough that that's one of the critiques I hear Jason, I learning with that, all that shit, You know what I'm saying? Yeah. From the way I've been explained, maybe not, You know what I'm saying? I can understand why that was more what I was just saying. Like, if you don't take them on a journey, they kind of be kind of lost a little bit. They don't even really know the aspect of you saying something, doing something. Because When I talk to people, they tell me that they want to hear more pain in little baby's music. And it it sounds like behind the scenes you going through that. Yeah. But you just not putting it into music. Yeah.


'cause 'cause I had to learn how to like translate what I actually going through into the music. You know what I'm saying? When the god damn music, the reason why I nigga even going through this, feel me, They, they want to hear more emotionally scarred I think like that. Yeah. Are those records hard for you to make? Nah, I record super easy. You just don't want to expose yourself In certain ways, You know what I'm saying? Yeah. And not that I don't want to, it's just I'm accustomed to not doing it. You know what I'm saying? So it's like, You know, you gimme your feelings every now then just always in they feelings. You know? You think that's like the, the protective instinct that you just carry with yourself from being in the street. Like if you show too much of yourself. You might be fool to people.


That's when the wolves come out for Sure. All right, we got more Lil Baby when we come back. It's The Breakfast Club. Good morning. Good morning everybody. It's De j Envy. Just hilarious. Charlemagne the guy. We are The Breakfast Club Now Charlamagne sat down with Little Baby. This is part of his outer context series on YouTube. Let's get into it. I think after bigger picture, people expected you to evolve into a more mature artist and, and just make music that reflected like more of the pain you may be feeling. Is that what you were looking to do at 5:00 AM in Insecurities? Nah, I'm, I'm looking to do that with like the Dominique album. Right? Okay. I'm dropping the album first call. Like when, when that's kind of like trying to lead them up into that versus just like jumping into it.


What, what is wham, wham gonna be more street music or? Yes, in a sense, but I still put like some of the songs Okay. That were going on Dominique album on Wham. 'cause I ain't want 'em to just wait for long. And I know, like you said, I got a core audience for like those emotional scar type songs and those pain type songs. So Dominique is gonna be like personal, like Yeah, More personal. Yeah. Does that scare you? Not no more, but like that's the part of the two years what I've been going through and like that, You know what I'm saying? So I already then kind of went through the scary part. You say on one of the records, now you say can't be vulnerable who I'm going talk to when I'm going through it. Right. You can afford therapy, little baby, all that money you making. I Aint, I ain't no firm believer in therapy.


Okay. You know what I'm saying? Have you tried it or? Yeah, I mean I haven't tried it personally, but in a sense I have, You know what I'm saying? I got people who I talk to though, You know what I'm saying, will play as a therapist. But I feel like everybody, like regular people, so it ain't too much a therapist can really do for you. It is just like have an open ear. But you being like a celebrity and all that, it get weird. You know what I'm saying? Yeah. It's like who, who does the go-to guy go to? You get what I'm saying? Yeah. So that's why I never, I always been like, I ain't saying I'm against every, but I don't even cross my mind though. Who do you talk to? Certain people about certain stuff? Yeah. You know what I'm saying? Like I know I can talk to him about this. I know I can talk to her about this. Like certain people, certain stuff. Another line you say how you managed to get everything you wanted but still ain't happy, Right?


Because it's like more money, more problems, You know what I'm saying? What I'm saying? So it's like you would think once you get everything, all this you'll be like happy oh boy, here goes something else. But it is a part of learning how life go. You know what I'm saying? Ain't gonna never stop. Are you happy now? I ain't happy as I want to be, but I'm in a happy state though. What I'm saying, what makes Lil Baby happy at this point in his life? That's How I know I ain't happy as I want to be. 'cause I don't know. Damn. I mean your kids. Yeah, definitely like joyful for them. You know what I'm Saying? Is all of this what you thought it was going to be like the, just the success that you would achieve? I Ain't never know what it could be. So I ain't thinking nothing, You know what I'm saying? Like I ain't never had a, a imagination for it.


So you never dreamed of this at all? No. So what's, so when you was in the street and then you started rapping, you even just looking around Atlanta and looking at all the successful artists that come From Atlanta. See I know how big was, but I ain't know how, like what really big was, You know, I ain't never know nothing about the real music industry and like, I couldn't think I could get be worth what I'm worth now and reaching levels out. I ain't even know that really existed. I ain't know nothing about like pat them in gold and Album Seal and in the new thing screams And I ain't never know nothing about that. So even me saying like I knew I was gonna be big or I, I couldn't even, I wouldn't even know what that was to even think that. Yeah, I, I I forgot what record it was.


But you said you got all of this, it's basically PTSD from all of the, all of the shootouts and stuff that you've been right through. Did you think that once you got in the industry, like that would kind of go away? Like you kind of escaped that? Yeah, but it's crazy 'cause it's like, that's what I be telling people. You you, you put yourself on a bigger scale now that you in the industry, You know what I'm saying? I ain't even have problems when I, before I was a rapper, You know what I'm saying? The more you get bigger though, you get bigger to everybody though. Not just the fans, not just the girls, not just the kids. Everybody included, You know what I'm saying? Was it a hard transition for you or are are this still? Yeah, I'm like almost all the ways I didn't transition all the way. Like I would never leave Atlanta, You know what I'm saying?


I live in a whole nother state so I didn't transition all the way, but it's still that times where, You know what I'm saying? It's like they with you a little bit. Where'd you get the name? Wham. I know I stand for who? Harder than me. But where'd you get that name from? From like, wham, wham, wham Bitch on Lil Baby. Okay. Yeah. One of my guys just started calling me Wham and everybody started calling me Wham Thug said what, what Wham says goes then you put it up on, on Billboards. What did that post mean to you when he posted that? Maybe it was just like a little insider. His dad or his dad said that he got at you once for not going to thug's court dates. His dad didn't say anything, He said that's how you felt about that? Yeah, for Sure.


What's what's the relationship with you, with you and Thug now? I know he's on the new album. We got a good relationship. Same relationship we been in. Yeah. You know what I'm saying? Is it, is it hard to make music because he's under so much scrutiny And I know the lawyer's probably looking through all Crazy. He's super talented, You know what I'm saying? So really like he do it with ease. What's the relationship with you and Gunner right now? I Don't got no relationship. The internet says, the internet says you can't, you can't make hits without gunna. So do you think y'all ever make music again? The internet Say anything, You know how many hits I got? Absolutely. So that don't even make sense. You know? How much do you pay attention to the internet? Man? Like I only see what I gotta see. Alright. You know what I'm saying?


And I try my best to just keep going like that. I don't feed that, I don't read Cummins and all that. Some just be the headline. You gotta see it, You know what I'm saying? But for the most part I don't even get in like That. I know, I know. Thug says what Wham says goes, but if Thug says, Hey I'm gonna get in the studio, I'm gonna mix some music with Gunna baby, I want you to participate, would you? I don't see that happen. No, I'm just saying like, I don want you to participate. I don't know what nobody else would do. You know what I'm saying? But, but just far as me, You know what I'm saying? You dropped the, the three 50 record and you said ain't never saying nothing about it. You know you was a rat and everybody thought you was talking about Yeah, but everybody, this is just the internet where they gonna create, I talk about rats and every song I had since I started rapping.


So now, You know, be like, they just create a narrative and go out. I don't even be talking about nigga whoever a rat, You know what I'm saying? What was your reaction when you heard Kendrick mention you and not like us? You said Lil Baby helped you get your lingo up in, in reference to Drake. What'd you think when you heard that? I ain't really answer say like that side of hip hop. So I don really, You know, You know. But you and Drake always had a good relationship. I mean Drake helped you a lot. Great relationship. Yeah. So You know, you kind of like, it is just with any situation, like if you and him was arguing, what the hell you gonna say? But You know, Like don't bring you in it. Yeah, I don't be having nothing to do with it. I got, I be having, not saying whatever they got going on ain't real or nothing.


But I be like, I feel like to me like rapping be my work. You know what I'm saying? It, like I don't, I don't want that type of that work. You know what I'm saying? That's what like even you saying like what's your relationship with Gun? I ain't, I ain't hear it. I ain't in it for that type of shit. You know what I'm saying? I ain't on that. Well I brought that up. Just, just just 'cause of the music, right? The music aspect of it. 'cause You know, people, y'all, y'all made hits together and some people want that again. Right, right. All we got more with Lil Baby when we come back. It's The Breakfast Club. Good morning. Morning everybody. It's DJ Envy, Jess, hilarious. Charlamagne the guy. We are The Breakfast Club. We're still kicking it with Little baby Charlemagne got a chance to sit down with little baby. This is part of his outta context series.


Let's jump right back into it. Well one thing I loved about your documentary man is it just shows, You know, how much you mean to this, to the city, city of Atlanta. So when you have a city that loves you that much, do you ever feel like you can just completely, completely let, let it go? Like the street, the street aspect of it because you can't, you can't be that person no more. It's, it's, it's, it's just like, there's different aspects of it. You know what I'm saying? I still be that person who donate millions to the neighborhood. You get what I'm saying? But that don't mean I gotta be hanging in the neighborhood, You know what I'm saying? So it's like I'm still feeding in the streets one way or the other. You know what I'm saying? It's just I got a different way of going about it now Do you think it's a culture shock when they see you like out with the Michael Rubens of The World?


Yeah, for sure. It's a culture shock. But that's more like me being vulnerable. Like you couldn't even imagine the type of you be on, You know what I'm saying? I don't just hang with people. I ain't one of them. 'cause you got this And I am a whole man, You know what I'm saying? He ask you to get gang. He really had like real conversations. You can like talk to somebody on a high level about like questions that we don't be knowing. You know what I'm saying? They be knowing that. And I think what the streets don't understand is when you got relationships with people, streets and The internet ain't the same. So you be you saying what the internet saying, they ain't the streets. You know what I'm saying? Them two different things. That is, that's that is very true. That is very true. But so what the internet don't understand is when you around people like that, you getting gain, probably getting more money and that you're able to give back to the streets even more.


I Can turn all the rest of these onto it. Like, look, this is how we do it. That's right. You know what I'm saying? But I understand that like the internet won't know that. And I I also don't break it down for them to know that either. You know what I'm saying? So I take it with a grain of salt. Like I, I can see why they're saying that. 'cause I already know I have to dumb it all the way down for them to even understand. You gotta be a cold mother. I be doing, You know what I'm saying? On, on just far as a nigga, I, I ain't telling you, You know what I'm saying? I don't understand why they just don't, they don't respect actions, You know what I mean? Like, They don't see it, they don't, You know, you gotta dumb it down. You gotta say it what it is. And you don't do that directly. They go whatever they seen directly Do. Do you feel like you gotta tell 'em every single thing you do for the hood though?


Like, hey, I Don't even tell 'em. I do the most, I do the most, the most. I don't got a pr PT behind it. No nothing. No, never. I, I really the most millions a year. How do you, how do you handle raising a, a son and co-parenting with somebody who's also a public figure? Oh, that's kind of hard. You know what I'm saying? Definitely because it's like you always be attached to that person. You know what I'm saying? Even if even it's just in today's time, the other person don't even have to be in the line. Like they gonna automatically be if I had a child with them. You know what I'm saying? Yeah. So that's like something I'm gonna have to battle no matter what. In a sense How, how you been able to keep your personal life private? You know, I just don't go on the internet about it.


Like easy to me. Like I don't even need like, 'cause I don't look at the internet as like my fans And I get the internet, like the whole world. It's like certain I'm just not gonna voluntarily tell the whole world for nothing. Or like I don I can't get validation from like comments and that type of stuff. I don't function like that. You you do realize though, the internet just be fucking with you 'cause you successful. Yeah, I don't get into it. Yeah. You know what I'm Saying? Because it'll fuck you up mentally. Definitely because they'll say one thing on the internet, but then you go and perform in front of 30,000 people and everybody singing you music word for word. So who you supposed to listen to? That's the, that's the only thing you gotta know what to weave in, what to weave out. Because sometimes the comments could be correct, You know what I'm saying?


Sometimes people be saying could be correct, You know what I'm saying? So you gotta kind of go for what you feel, get your team right who can help you in those explanations, You know what I'm saying? What Do you feel right now you should be doing in the studio just musically? Like if you didn't have to listen to nobody, You know, not the streets, not the internet. Just what a little baby wants to do. I Don't see to nobody now. Okay. Nobody. And I still listen to what people gotta say just to see what they say.


The holidays are about spending time with your loved ones and creating magical memories that will last a lifetime. So whether it's family and friends you haven't seen in a while or those who you see all the time, share holiday magic this season with a nice cold Coca-Cola copyright 2024. The Coca-Cola company


Football fans. Picture this, you bet on your favorite player to score the first touchdown and he throws an awesome block so his teammate can score instead. If this happens, bet MGM wants to give you another chance at the end zone with bet mg m's. Second chance promotion. You'll get your stake back if your first touchdown score scores second instead. That's right. Bet on any pro football player to score the first touchdown of the game. If you're right, you win if your players score second, you get your stake back in cash. Everyone knows the most exciting part of football is the score with be MG m's. Second chance promotion. You have a chance to keep the fun going after the first player crosses the goal line. Place a first touchdown. Score a wager today. Be MGM and Game Central. Remind you to play responsibly. See be m gm.com for terms 21 plus only DC only existing customer offer subject to eligibility requirements. Rewards vary. Gambling problem call 1-800-GAMBLER.


Hey fam, if you're like me, you are thinking about how to level up in your career. Maybe you're fresh out of college just starting in your field or even looking to switch things up and find your true calling. Whatever stage you're in, remember that this is your time to grow, to learn, and to build something that lasts. State Farm understands that early career development is key to long-term success. They've been a steady presence in our communities and they know that having the right support early on can make all the difference. State Farm is there to help you make smart moves and to help you get the coverage you need. We all know that the journey to success is a marathon, not a sprint. It's about staying focused, staying grounded, and making sure you're protected every step of the way. Let's build our careers with confidence knowing that State Farm is there to support us just like they've always been because Like a good neighbor, a State Farm is there. Find out more@statefarm.com.


This is it your moment. This is your time to make your comeback with Purdue Global. When you come back with a Purdue Global degree, you create opportunity for yourself, your family, and your future. It's a degree you can be proud of, a degree that employers will trust and respect Purdue Global offers working adults like you. Over 175 flexible degree programs to meet your specific career goals. These include associate, bachelor's, master's, and doctoral degrees and certificates. Purdue global degree programs range from nursing to business to communication and more. Whatever your interest, we have the degree that will move you forward. You have the knowledge, you have the experience. Now it's time to get credit for the work you've done and earn the recognition you deserve with Purdue Global, Purdue's Online University for working adults. You know you're worth it. We do too, so don't wait another second to get the degree that will take your career to the next level. Start your comeback today at purdue global edu.


The other day a friend started telling me about their New Year's resolutions And I said, whoa, it's kind of early, don't you think? And they said, not for me. 'cause if I know my resolution plan now I can enjoy the holidays knowing how I'm gonna get everything back under control. And that got me thinking. I'm Carl the CEO of body. That's body with an eye. What if I made you an offer so good that you'd be all set with a proven fitness and nutrition plan to start the new year. But you need to sign up by Christmas. It's called the New Year's Jumpstart Sale. You'll save 72% on an annual subscription to the Body library of 130 proven step-by-step programs like 21 Day Fix and P 90 x plus our easy to follow nutrition plans and check this out. When you sign up today, you have a chance to win $10,000 every time you log a workout in December and January. But this offer ends Christmas Day. So get a jumpstart with a great deal on body's proven fitness and nutrition plans. But you need to sign up now@body.com. That's BOD i.com.


You know what I'm saying? But once you listening and you get 10 different opinions from 10 different people, it is like you go away. Got your, You know what I'm saying? Do you feel, feel, feel pressure to just release music because of the high demand that people have for Lil Baby? They always pre they always want little new little baby music. Is It It is like a good problem to have. I don feeling no pressure though. You said that in, in, in the record in a minute. You said Blood, sweat and tears come with each check. It ain't nowhere easy. So what's been the hardest part of your career so far? Everything from just starting this career. You know what I'm saying? I jumped into a career kinda like big, You know what I'm saying? So I had to adapt from behind. I ain't like I grind for five years, then got a hit.


You know what I'm saying? I had around five days and got a hit. So now I gotta adjust to goddamn this whole new lifestyle. I really know nothing about You talking about just like as far as being a multimillionaire. Yeah, yeah, yeah. God damn. I already had a lifestyle like having money, so that was the only good thing. But just pure people knowing you, people taking pictures of you, You know, you can't go this way in public. Like you hear yourself, you seeing yourself everywhere, You know what I'm saying? Like it's a, it's a super big master chain, But now it's business. That's, I guess that's what you're trying to show people. Like I'm doing business now, real Business. I was doing business the whole time. Okay. You know what I'm saying? And I love my family relate to it, but it's still the business aspect of it.


You know what I'm saying? I wonder if they would even understand They wouldn't. That's why I don't try to press it tomorrow. I don understand that they wouldn't, You know what I'm saying? Is there certain things you want them to know though? Like as far as your business is concerned, like, I really want y'all to know I'm doing this and if y'all knew what I was doing, y'all would understand what was I always tell the guys 'cause they want me to, they always want me to like clear this up or like, hell no say this. I feel like when a day right for them to know they gonna know. And then I'm still gonna look like the best in The World. Like damn, the whole time you could have easily just told us, You know what I'm saying? But I rather just one day you gonna see it's inevitable. Does it feel like you're able to be more vulnerable in your music or, or on or on interviews or do you feel like you might write a book or was it the documentary?


Like what was it, what, what do you think makes you be able to express yourself the most? Right now? It's just me forcing myself to express myself more. You know, mean can answer anything you say, but I just ain't going to do it. What? Right now I just like, just answer it. You know what I'm saying? Like try to make it more vulnerable. Giving people a different insight on you. And I just feel like that's your disposition though. Like, you always been, you always been like that. Like I remember the first time when people brought you The Breakfast Club years ago. You just always move like that. So forcing you to do it, I don't know if that's possible. Ain't nobody can't force me to do it. Just something I'm gonna be able gradually do You know what I'm saying? So when they come to you and say, man, you gotta make this kind of song, you gotta make that kind of song.


Nobody never came to me with nothing like that. Alright. It just, it it is just you. Nah. Never came. You gotta make this kind of song. Yeah, I don't got that. I ain't never had That. So if you feel it then you'll, you'll go out there and do it. That's it. That's it. Yeah. That been the formula for me. I don't gotta, A 10 person camp will build a song and this and it just been like authentic for me, You know what I'm saying? Well man, baby, keep doing your thing brother. You know, appreciate you Wham. Who harder than me? This, this like the fourth, fourth tape in that series, right? Yeah. Yeah. So this gonna be, is this the last one? This the last wham. Nah. You know, it is just something is there. Alright. You know what I'm saying? Absolutely. I appreciate that. Appreciate you brother.


Thank you. Yes sir. Morning everybody. It's DEJ Envy Jess. Hilarious. Charlemagne the guy. We are The Breakfast Club salute to everybody in Atlanta. I'm in Atlanta right now. Tonight is our station's Jingle Ball. 96.1, the beat if you haven't got your tickets, gorilla, sexy red, ti I gunna. So Weedy T-Pain, the Kid, LeRoi, Khalid and 10 Naasha. All right. There's still some tickets left. I think less than a thousand tickets maybe, or, or close to 500 tickets or something like that. But if there's still tickets available, get your tickets. It will sell out. Tickets are still flying, so can't wait to see you guys tonight and let's get to Jess with The Mess Is real. Jessica, Robin Moore. Jess don't do no lying. Don't do, she don't spare nobody worldwide.


Jess worldwide Mess on The Breakfast Club. She's the culture shooter. She was able to get y'all to see something and understand something that nobody could get you to see. It's time to set it on. So real, real, real quick before we get to this Ben Zeno news. We just played the interview between Charlamagne and Lord Baby. And real quick, I wanted to go back to it because I wanna make sure people caught this baby finally told us how he was really feeling when it comes to the whole gunna snitch thing with the thug and oh my God, listen y'all, we got the audio. The internet says you can't, you can't make hits without gunna. So do you think y'all ever make music again? How many hits I got? Absolutely. So that don't even make sense. How much do you pay attention to the internet?


Like I only see what I gotta see And I try my best to just keep going shit like that. I don't feed into that. I don't read comments and all that. He said I'm just be the headline. You gotta see it. I know, I know. Thug says what Wham says goes. But if Thug says, Hey, I'm gonna get in in the studio, I'm gonna mix some music with Gunna baby, I want you to participate. Would you? I don't see that happening. No, I'm just saying like, I don't want you to participate. I don't know what nobody else would do just as far as Me. You dropped the, the three 50 record and you said ain't never saying nothing about it. You know, you was a rat and everybody thought you was talking about, it's Just the internet, where they gonna create, I'll talk about raps and every song I had since I started rapping. So now, You know, be like, they just create a narrative.


Hmm. I was like, oh my good. 'cause we ain't never hear him talk about that. Yeah, Lil Baby and Yachty had a great conversation yesterday. He was way more vulnerable with Yachty than he was. He was sitting with me. But we, we, we had, we had, we had, we got into some things. I I thought what he said about Michael Rubin was interesting because he said, You know, there's no black people out here giving out the information like mic, like, like Michael Rubin is so it's not a race thing for him. He's just going where the information's at. And I felt that that, I mean, I thought that Was interesting. Nothing wrong with that, But that'll be out, that'll be out later today. A couple hours outta context on YouTube. Alright, cool. But right now Benzino addresses the Unliving rumors. Yesterday 50 cent shared a video of Benzino on the floor with a knife crying.


And the caption said, Benzino caught on video by his girlfriend, Ashley Bell threatening to alive, un Alive Himself with a knife because she called the cops on him for allegedly beating her. Now this is how the video sounded. No, stop. No, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no. I'll tell him no. I'll tell not I'll tell him no. Okay. Just stop, stop. Please stop. No, no, no. Just, okay, okay, okay. Okay. Call him please. No, I'm not Gimme tonight. No, no, no, no, no, no. Okay. Come on. Come on. Alright, listen, listen Laughing. I know, I know.


Y'all probably, You know y'all, y'all don't wanna laugh because too early because y'all don't know if he was really trying to un Alive Himself. Nah, I feel like that. I feel like That happened before though. What you mean didn't Ben do before? Yeah, well didn't, didn't something like that. Y always crying about something man, this, this Before now he's cried before but I didn't, don't I feel like this scenario happened. Unlive, I've never seen The same exact thing. No, He was outside of the house crying or something like that before. But it Wasn't because he couldn't get in. Yeah. But it wasn't not, he wasn't nothing about killing himself. Right. It Wasn about this, I swear that happened before Now 50 got this video from an Instagram page. It's called the Line LB show, which originally posted the video and they posted this a week ago and their caption was kind of similar to fifties.


But the difference between the captions was the Lion OB show. They said Prayers up the Menino. We know 50 ain't about to pray for this man given that they had beef in the back, I mean in the past or whatever. Right now it is not even clear where the Lion OB show got it from even with the backstory. But 50 obviously he didn't care and he decided to amplify it. We even tried to go and find Ashley Bell's page, his girlfriend or whatever. But her page is private so we couldn't get in 'cause we wanted to see if her video had a different caption because he claimed that it was a role for Tuby. And if so, he'd taken tuby to, to New Heights or whatever. This is what he said after he saw the fat fatigue posted it. Okay. First and foremost, I just want to let everybody know that I'm okay.


Second of all, I wanted to let everybody know that that was a rehearsal for a Tuby movie. My girl was helping me out. We was doing a script reading And I was a rehearsal for a Tubby movie. That was the scene from a movie. I would never ever put my hands on any woman. I've never done that in my life. That's for cowards. And I surely wouldn't do anything to hurt myself. So shout out to all the people that was concerned, but I'm okay. And I also wanna let Curtis know. Good looking. Thanks Curtis for promoting me. Keep on posting me. That's dope. I'm in that gym. Heavy benching three 15. What you doing Curtis? Anyways, happy holidays to all 'em State. Say I believe Benino. Yeah. You believed. Oh, you believe It? Believe it was a YouTube.


It was given to me. It felt like, it felt like a self take. You think The all that? Yeah. Denzel don't even cry. That good. You mean that was for Tubie? Yeah, I believe that. Oh, okay. All that's what you'll give your all in Tubie movies. Jess, I done seen you rocking. Nah, nah, I no, no a tub. I'm not in a tub. Hey honey, I got your bitch. Nah, That that's, that was not a movie. That's not a Tubie movie. That was on BET plus. Okay. That's what BET plus Tuby picked it up. Oh Yeah. Benzino do actual Tuby originals and listen, y'all know I'm the Tuby expert. I've watched about 6 0 7 films with, with Benzino in movie. So no, he not camping about being the tuby actor.


Like he's like a-list Tuby like to be one of, one of the A-listers for tub. Gotcha. Okay. However, if this is not really a movie, he gonna have to really make one because I, I felt like, I felt like it's a real situation. I, I mean I'm just record Say that but who would take that though? Like regardless if, if it was a tub guy, his girlfriend, but, but like you would, you would tape your, if it was true, you would tape your man crying and say he gonna kill himself. Well listen, listen. If he did beat on her, like, You know, allegedly. Oh yeah, I get it. That's what he saying. You know what I'm saying? She needs some type of proof because you Right. You know, even though he said he's never done this before and all that, we know we, we've seen people that say no I've never, I didn't do anything in the videos come out. You know what I mean? So did she say she wanted to have that for leverage? Like nah, just in case you do this again and I'm really call the police next time I got this Right.


It's like a trail. You know what I mean? So I believe that, I believe with with 50 is, is a legend. You know what I'm did the woman I believe That did, did she say Benzino Beatta? Where did that come from? Where did Thateveryone from? No, She didn't that if you, if you were listening. No, the lotto B page they posted, she they posted it like a week ago or whatever. But Ashley, we tried to find her page to see if she posted it. But her page is private so we can't get in. But we know she recorded it. It didn't just pop up in nigga's camera roll. She had to send it somewhere. Right. We don't know where she sent it. Whatever. Maybe her iCloud got hacked or whatever, but she recorded the video. Yeah. People get self tapes all the time though. I got Tyrese jangle self-taped. Really? No, please, Please.


Yo send in the group chat man. Oh it's on my eyes. Him the bino, they on the same level when it come to that stupid because I think he overdid it for Jengo. That's why he get it. Yo, y'all gotta look at that. It's all you two look At. So you too happy to be a slave Tyrese. You cannot do Jengo. Yeah, absolutely. But I mean prayer is up to Bino. We don't want you two on the lobby yourself. We also don't want you and your girlfriend to be getting in no physical fight either. That's right. So, but that's be on the lookout for Tuby. 'cause he, he did a lot for Tuby. If, if, if this, if the role is real, he did a lot for that. Gotcha. But, but that's just the mess. Alright, thank you Jess. Charlie bang. Yes. Who you giving that down Katu? We need Justin Ray Donaldson to come to the front of the congregation.


We'd like to have a world with 'em. Please all We'll get into that next. So don't move. It's The Breakfast Club. Good morning up today. Made it damn the Heehaw. It's time for donkey. Keith Hook. I ain't trying to be donkey today no more. They should be embarrassed by what they already did. I, I'm not making these people do these things called Donkey of the day and it really caught me off guard. Damn Charlamagne. Who got the donkey of today? Today, Yes. Donkey of the day for Thursday, December 19th goes to a man named Justin Ray Donaldson of Anderson County, South Carolina. Slew to everyone from my home state of South Carolina. Drop on a bomb for South Carolina. I'll be down there tomorrow for the grand opening of Crystal and Orangeburg Ribbon cutting is at 10:45 AM all the festivities will be from 10:00 AM to 2:00 PM My guy DJ Frosty will be providing the soundtrack.


So I'll see y'all tomorrow at Crystal and Orangeburg. 1486 Chestnut Street. But right now we talking about Anderson County and there are some nefarious things that play in Anderson County simply because scammers come in all shape, sizes and forms. Okay. Scamming has no color, scamming has no sexuality, scamming has no religion. A wham bam, thank you Scam can happen at any moment. And that's why you always gotta have your guards up because folks is always trying to get over. And that's exactly what happened with Justin Ray Donaldson. See he is now in jail for scamming senior citizens. The man befriended a 73-year-old woman diabolical. This woman probably wanted a friend so bad because all her other friends probably dead. So he established a relationship. Nothing freaky, okay? He wasn't into, You know, Ja Renta Folia, I think that's what they call it.


Ja Renta. Folia. That's an attraction to elderly ass. Okay? He wasn't into that. His role was similar to that of a grandson. And this woman's husband died. So he was in a, she was in a very vulnerable state and Justin saw the opening and slid in for this scam. Let's go to NBC news for the report please. An Anderson County man is under arrest after Deputy said he was, he scammed a recent widow into believing she had dementia. Deputies say 30 5-year-old Justin Donaldson established a grandson like relationship with a 73-year-old woman at a senior living facility. According to deputies, after the woman's husband died, Donaldson convinced her to make him her power of attorney officials say the woman reported fraud.


This month, Donaldson is charged with breach of trust. Now I'm not sure how dementia works. Okay? I, I'm not sure how dementia works in any way, shape, or form. I have no idea of people with dementia even though they got dementia. So I don't even know how you can be convinced that you have dementia. Now what I don't understand is this woman has daughters according to the news report, okay? Who are her power of attorneys? If this elderly woman went and told people, Hey, I want to remove my daughters as power of attorney over her affairs, wouldn't somebody call the daughters? Then the daughters can intervene and say, who the hell is Justin Ray Donaldson? They just gonna allow this man to come in, have her remove her daughters as power of attorney and he's just easily able to secure the woman's trust and access to her bank accounts.


I don't get it. He instructed her to take out a home equity loan for home repairs, but instead went out and bought a 2015 Chevy Tahoe for himself. Now I know dementia causes a decline in someone's mental abilities, but this woman was able to understand everything Justin Ray Don was telling her to do. She had enough cognitive abilities to know to take her daughters off the power of attorney. She had enough cognitive abilities to put everything in this man's name, but she didn't understand that she was getting scammed. Once again, I don't know anything about dementia. Of course I have had people in my family who have had it, but hey, do they know they got it? And can somebody just diagnose and convince you that you have it? Because that's what happened in this case. I guess now that I think about it, if someone is telling me I got dementia And I can't remember ever having dementia, then maybe I did forget that I got dementia.


I don't know. I just know it's a special place reserved in hell for someone like Justin Ray Donaldson. I don't know why we take advantage of elderly people. That's like taking advantage of kids. Okay? We act like we don't have grandparents. Okay, great grandparents, older parents. Hell, we act like we not gonna be old one day. Respect your elders, okay? Learn from the people who walk the path before you respect them. Because some day, sooner than you could ever imagine, you're gonna be an elder too. If you're blessed, please let Remi ma give Justin Ray Donaldson the biggest. Hee-haw Heehaw hee-haw. You stupid mother. Are you dumb? How do do you, how do you convince somebody they got dementia? That's crazy. I Don't know. That's crazy.


My grandmother be trying to convince her she ain't got it. I'm like, Stop. You know when, when you dealing with, So she's aware she has it. I don't think, yeah, she, She's aware she has dementia. Some people yeah, definitely people definitely know what they got. What do you mean? I don't know about the Alzheimer's people, but yeah, my grandmother knew she got dementia Because Gaia's mother didn't know she Had dementia. She might sometimes that she got it, but she definitely got it. And she No Gaia's mother didn't, she didn't know. She had no clue. Like she was, everything was regular. So if there was a story, she would tell a story over and over and over again. And she thought that she was telling it for the first time. She had no clue. Yeah, That's how it goes. But like did y'all ever tell, did she tell her mother that she has it because you she She didn't Remember. She didn't know she got it. Yeah, she went. She didn't Remember. Okay, well my grandmother is gonna get to that point but it's still kind of like early for real.


She knows. She knows she got it. If your grandma's anything like you, she probably playing Jess. Yeah, she probably playing. Yo, you probably right? Yeah. Whenever she don't wanna do something, all of a sudden she don't remember. Leave alone. Alright, well thank you for that donkey today. Now when we come back, skills will be joining us. I have Virginia's own Mad Skills. You know Skills. A phenomenal writer, a ghost writer. He used to do the wrap up every year and we gonna talk to him next. All right? So don't go anywhere as The Breakfast Club. Good morning. Hey y'all. It's just with the mess.


Happy holidays for my family to yours. 'cause the holidays is here and you're not coming back to next cheer The Breakfast Club Morning everybody. It's DJ Envy. Jess. Hilarious. Charlamagne the guy. We are The Breakfast Club. We got a special guest in the building. Yes indeed. We Got the brother skills here. What up man? How You feeling? How you doing? My brother? You know, same is different Air freshening. Yeah. You know what I mean? Just trying to keep it pushing. Have you Retired the wrap up? So do you have to do like, 'cause you gotta break. I mean the year's a little easier, but Right. It just Diddy, but do you do the wrap up still? I haven't done the wrap up since like 20. I think the last one was 2022. So two years. So yeah, like two, I, I stopped after like two years. I think I did the last one over like holes.


Like I promoted it as like the last one. And then after that I just, I had a chill December. Like that song used to take up so much of my life at the end of the year, bro, I ain't, I ain't get to do Christmas shopping or Wow. Go, You know what I mean? Put up, treat nothing. You gotta go from January. Yeah. All the way, like all the eventful things that happened. Oh you, you gonna have to do this shit. This shit is crazy. It wasn't only Did He tell us shit. People say that every year though. They like, you gotta do one this year, this year. And I'm like, actually I don't. You know what I mean? So Well did you, did you and Uncle Murder have real issues over that shit? Nah, Nah, nah. It was just like, it was just fun. It was, You know what I mean? Like I never, I never ran into murder or nothing. And even if I did, we probably would've just looked at each other and started laughing, You know what I mean?


Like I know he a character and that's what he do. Imagine beefing over a wrap up. Y'all should collaborate. Do one though. That's, You know who said that first? Clark Kent. Really? Clark Kent was the first person that said that. And actually this year after, You know, Clark Clock pass And I, I did think about it. Mm. You know what I mean? Like that he asked me to do that, You know what I mean? And in 2018 I was super stubborn, still battle rap mode. I was like, nah, I'd never do that. But then after The clock passed, I actually thought about it. Y'all still got time? Y'all got y Listen, I just, I just ain't gonna rap as long as him. I'm, I'm three minutes in and out. Attention spans too. Short. Murder Go 15, murder Gonna go 15 minutes. Like I'm, I'm, I ain't rapping that long for nobody.


Congratulations too for being nominated for a Grammy award for best spoken Word poetry album. Oh, thank you man. Thank you. What is that? What's, what's, and it's a stupid question, but to you as a rapper, rappers are poets, right? What is the difference between poetry and, and rap? At least from the gram Grammy Perspective, once you, once you take the music out. Okay. You know what I mean? It's, it's, it's poetry. You know what I mean? I, I feel like all MCs are poets. So, You know, know the, the Grammy had it in a category before where it was a lot of other things happening in the same category. So maybe like a, a poetry album or spoken word album would be in the same category as like somebody reading the children's book. Yeah. And shout out to the brother j Ivy. J Ivy who won last year Luther JI yeah.


He, he, he kind of advocated for it and, and let them know like, yo, this is different. Like we shouldn't be com competing against Barack Obama reading his book. Like We Ain't Go, that's not Spoken word. So he pushed forward to be its own category and now it stands on its own. And I got nominated this year, so it's why it's crazy. Who you going up against? It's me. I wanna say Malik Yusef Omar, Omar got one. I can't remember who else is in there. Omar Harwick. Yeah, Omari Hardwick got one. Oh wow. Oh, queen Sheba and, and a, an amazing artist named Tank from My Tank and the Bangers. How many, how many times have you been nominated for Grammy? I got nominated once as a writer when we did the Nicki album, the Pink Print in 2015.


But I think we lost to Kendrick that year. But this is the first time I've ever been nominated as Mad Skill. Now You gotta see Exactly. 'cause people gonna take that like you be on. Nobody ever wrote for me. So I Wrote a hook. There You go. There You go. I wrote The Knight is still Young. I, And I did that with like, Terron Esad Dean. Like, it was like three of us. Nikki, Nicki write all her ball. Okay. All her ball Salute to Nicki. Did YY y'all win? Y'all didn't win that New York? Nah, we lost it. I think we lost to Kdot that year. Kdot. So What would winning a Grammy mean for, for you? Oh man, listen, it would, it would change my life and just, You know, for the creatives in Virginia, man who are, You know, doing they thing and just pushing the culture forward. It like, we always talk about Philly and, and VA as being like the redheaded stepchild in the music industry, You know what I mean?


But we collaborated a lot. So it would mean a lot, man. And this is probably my most personal project today. I ain't never been this personal in my music And I almost wasn't even gonna put it out. Wow. And my wife was like, no, you should, you should really put this out. And I was like, babe, it's too personal. Like, I don't, You know how we, I'm like, man, I don't need everybody knowing my business. Like, so to be rapping for 30 years and then the first time I, I really get personal and vulnerable in the project and get nominated for a Grammy. Crazy. What made you wanna do a poetry album versus a, a traditional hip hop album? Especially saying that you was getting so personal. Right? I started it and when I started it, the first two songs was like raps, but they were, so I was moving like, And I was like, I gotta slow this down.


I want people to be able to digest it. So I tried it another way and then once I started sending the song around like friends, they was like, yo, nah, keep going. And the song, the album's called The Seven Number Ones and it's about seven things that happened in my life that literally changed the direction of my life. Mm. So the first song was like my parents meeting. The second song was when my mom used to play music around the house. My first love, You know what I mean? My first daughter being born. So it's all first. And, and that's how the album came about. Irma and Bernard is about your parents? My parents, Yes. You got your grandma featured on it. Yes. Which is crazy. So if I win a Grammy, like my grandma would get, You know what I mean, A participation plaque. Wow, that's dope. So to be at 97 years old, You know what I mean?


Wow. So yeah, I used to sit down with her And I never knew how my parents met, so I would just had a phone and just throw it down and record her just so I could go back and listen to it later. And I put it on the album and it's like the hooks. So my grandma is actually featured on the first song. Isn't that The crazy thing? How much we don't know about our parents? Yes, yes. And they had a whole life before us, but we don't even ever sit down and talk to 'em about it. Yes, man. It, it was, it was therapeutic for me to learn because my mother died of a drug overdose, like a heroin overdose. Like when I was like 33 maybe. So it wasn't until like American Gangster came out And I watched it And I remember seeing them going back and forth bringing to work from Vietnam and my, my stepfather, I mean my father went to Vietnam, so I made the connection like, damn, my father was the person who turned my mom on that.


Oh wow. And they died 30 years later, like to the day. So it was just weird. But to, to not have that, but then to realize it later. So yeah, man, it's a, it is a real thing. That album is crazy. It's, it is definitely very introspective and vulnerable. And then it's, it's also very personal, the track about your parents because it's, they, how they passed, it's true that they both died from drug overdose. Yeah, yeah. Both died from a drug overdose. And when I was little they was like, oh, You know, your father died from a heart attack. But then later on as I got older, like they was real with me and they told me what happened. So, yeah. And was this the most like, emotional Oh yeah. Track to, to report? Yeah, that one and the one about my daughter, like, I literally sat, You know, I played my daughters songs all the time.


Like I posted a video the other day like of her getting in the car And I wanted to play her the, the song. So I, as soon as I get in the car, I play her a song, I'm gonna play the song. She's like, yo, I watched someone play you something. She said, you did you do a wrap up? And I was like, nah, Nah, she wrap. It's kind of wrap up, but it's about you, You know what I mean? So I played it for, And I, I always got cameras around so I had to GoPro and the Dash or whatever And I'm taping her reaction. And then I showed it to a couple friends and he was like, my man was like, oh, you should do a video for this da da. And I was like, bro, this is the video. Oh, like me and her sitting in the car listening to how I, because I was scared when I first, I was 19. The fatherhood recommended. Yeah. I was 19, I was 19 years old. I was scared. I ain't know what to do. You know what I mean?


So to see her now as an adult and, and to be able to flourish in life, that's all you want for your kids. How old is she? She's 31 now. She's 31. Yeah. So we sat there and called man, And I'm, I'm gonna cry, I'm gonna cry about my kids. So soon as the glasses came up, everybody was like, oh, I know you about to cry. And I'm like, man, listen, if it's something I'm gonna cry about, it's gonna be my kids. You know what I mean? Alright. We got more with skills when we come back as The Breakfast Club. Good morning. Thank you. Morning everybody. It's DJ Envy, Jess, hilarious. Charlamagne the guy. We are The Breakfast Club. We're still kicking it with skills. You still ghost, Right? Not as much as I used to. Just 'cause the music now is a little different. I mean, I can get in that bag easy, but the calls don't come as much from the younger artists 'cause they want to keep all of they publishing and all of they, You know, I still get calls from some of the OGs, but, You know, I just, I I mean, put the pen to the paper.


Is it still an unwritten rule that ghost riders aren't supposed to talk about who they wrote for? Because that it, it's not taboo no more for people To have, right? I mean, yeah, it's not really, You know, I don't, but I make more money when they ain't nobody talking about ghostwriters, You know what I mean? So, and, and the people work with me. They know, most of the time I just ain't going to throw 'em out there under, under the bus for no reason. But sometimes people just know about it. They be like, oh, I know you wrote that earlier this year. I did a show in Virginia and I actually performed a song that I wrote and then it was in like a McDonald's campaign like maybe like a month later. And people was like, oh, you wrote that? And I was like, I've been wrote that. Yeah. You know what I mean? I feel like a lot of rappers these days, a lot of younger rappers, they feel like they lose credibility if somebody, if they, if it gets out there, then somebody is ghost writing for them.


Yeah. That's, I mean, sometimes you just in the studio and it's just help you like, yo, what if you say it like this? Yeah. You know what I mean? Like even like for instance, my homeboy kp k kp the great, he ended up on Kendrick's. All right? Only because Pharrell was like, You know, we gonna be all right. And he was like, yo, I think you should say it like we going to be all right. And he was like, really? He was like, yeah, it just sounds slick that way. He got right and Credit got a Grammy. Like he just told to, That's something as Small as that. He just told something as small as Pharrell saying it one way. And Pharrell being, You know, in sound mind and body going, yo KP told me to do that. He, he's owed some credit off that. I, that's why, 'cause most people wouldn't have did that, that one they would've said, nah, I, I said, oh wait, would've gave him a little check.


You know what I mean? But, but, and that's the thing about it, to be able to be in a room and collaborate with your friends, You know what I mean? And make something dope with your family and your friends. You don't care about the credit because like, like Quincy Jones always said, when y'all start talking about money, God leave the room anyway. I agree. We ain't here arguing about something that we ain't even made no money over yet. Like what's the point? Yeah, it stops the creative process. How, how did you get the opportunity to write Jay-Z's Rock and Roll Hall of Fame in Ducks That came from Quest Love? He called me and he asked me it. It was weird how he said it. He, I just, I was in a barbershop. I picked up the phone. He was like, yo, when's the last, when did you stop listening to hov? I was like, what?


The holidays are about spending time with your loved ones and creating magical memories that will last a lifetime. So whether it's family and friends you haven't seen in a while, or those who you see all the time, share holiday magic this season with an ice cold Coca-Cola copyright 2024. The Coca-Cola company


Football fans. Picture this. You bet on your favorite player to score the first touchdown and he throws an awesome block so his teammate can score instead. If this happens, BET MGM wants to give you another chance at the end zone with bet mgm Second chance promotion. You'll get your stake back if your first touchdown score scores second instead. That's right. Bet on any pro football player to score the first touchdown of the game. If you're right, you win if your players score. Second, you get your stake back in cash. Everyone knows the most exciting part of football is the score. With Be M GM's second chance promotion. You have a chance to keep the fun going after the first player crosses the goal line. Place a first touchdown. Score a wager today. Be MGM and Game Central. Mind you to play responsibly. See BET mgm.com for terms 21 plus only DC Only existing customer offer subject to eligibility requirements. Reward vary. Gambling problem call 1-800-GAMBLER.


Hey fam, if you like me, you're thinking about how to level up in your career. Maybe you're fresh outta college, just started in your field or even looking to switch things up and find your true calling. Whatever stage you're in, remember that this is your time to grow, to learn, and to build something that lasts. State Farm understands that early career development is key to long-term success. They've been a steady presence in our communities and they know that having the right support early on can make all the difference. State Farm is there to help you make smart moves and to help you get the coverage you need. We all know the journey to success is a marathon, not a sprint. It's about staying focused, staying grounded, and making sure you're protected every step of the way. Let's build our careers with confidence knowing that State Farm is there to support us just like they've always been because Like a good neighbor, State Farm is there. Find out more@stateforum.com.


This is it your moment. This is your time to make your comeback with Purdue Global. When you come back with a Purdue Global degree, you create opportunity for yourself, your family, and your future. It's a degree you can be proud of, a degree that employers will trust and respect Purdue Global offers working adults like you. Over 175 flexible degree programs to meet your specific career goals. These include associate, bachelor's, master's, and doctoral degrees and certificates. Purdue global degree programs range from nursing to business to communication and more. Whatever your interest, we have the degree that will move you forward. You have the knowledge, you have the experience. Now it's time to get credit for the work you've done and earn the recognition you deserve With Purdue Global, Purdue's Online University for working adults. You know you're worth it. We do too, so don't wait another second to get the degree that will take your career to the next level. Start your comeback today@purdueglobal.edu.


The other day a friend started telling me about their New Year's resolutions And I said, whoa, it's kind of early, don't you think? And they said, not for me. 'cause if I know my resolution plan now I can enjoy the holidays knowing how I'm gonna get everything back under control. And that got me thinking. I'm Carl the CEO of body. That's body with an eye. What if I made you an offer so good that you'd be all set with a proven fitness and nutrition plan to start the new year. But you need to sign up by Christmas. It's called the New Year's Jumpstart Sale. You'll save 72% on an annual subscription to the Body Library of 130 proven step-by-step programs like 21 Day Fix and P 90 x plus our easy to follow nutrition plans and check this out. When you sign up today, you have a chance to win $10,000 every time you log a workout in December and January. But this offer ends Christmas Day. So get a jumpstart with a great deal on body proven fitness and nutrition plans. But you need to sign up now@body.com. That's BOD i.com.


He was like, when did you stop listening to Jay-Z? I was like, what you mean? He was like, I I heard you say before, like back in the day, like you would be able to hear Jay-Z verse or a line and you could just quote it like, when did you stop? And I was like, I said, maybe the last thing I might have checked out was like 4, 4 4. You know what I'm saying? He was like, all right, cool. I need, I need you to do your thing. But the way you do it, like wrap up style. But with like all of the quintessential Jay-Z lines, You know what I mean? I will not lose. And You know what I mean? All of this stuff. So I was like, alright, cool. And he was like, And I need it in nine days. Wow. And I was like, wait, what? He was like, I need it in nine days. He was like, I'm about to pitch it to Beyonce. 'cause at first Beyonce was supposed to do the whole thing.


I think it was Beyonce's idea to have different celebrities say different lines. So once I started writing it, we started going through the entendre of who would say each line. So that made it even doper for somebody to say a line that was, You know, textbook with them. So having like Will Smith say, You know, no more Big Willie my name, You know what I mean? Like those type of lines. And then even having da David Letterman say the CBS line, I keep one eye open, like CS that was the hardest part of the whole thing. And, and David Letterman was like, yo, y'all, this is the line y'all want me to say. Like I just, it don't feel cool. And we like, yo, if you say this line, it's going to be the dopest line in the whole thing.


And it was, and then to have Blue at the end, say the ghost writer line, like it was just dope man. And he hit me afterwards. He didn't even have my number. He just hit me afterwards and thanked me. And, And I was just like, wow. Like you wake up to a text from Ho saying that was dope. Like thank you. Like that was crazy. You know? He didn't have your number. Right. He de because he asked Quest love for it. Oh, got you. Got, You know, You know what I mean? Like billionaire hove, I ain't had that number, You know what I mean? I had two thousands, 90 ho You know what I mean? But shout to Jay-Z, man. No, I was about to ask you about the, the documentary you dropped on YouTube. Oh yeah. Nineties girl. Nineties girl brunch. I did a, during quarantine I did a stream kind of like D Nice was doing, but I accidentally created a sorority of women that still stick together to this day through a stream, You know what I mean?


And I made a film about it and put it out. And these are women from all over The World, all over the United States. And they still link up to this day and they call the brunch club and they just, it is just dope man to be able to connect people through music. And You know, what we was going through in Covid was hard, but, You know, people like D Nice and Jazzy, Jeff and myself, we was online DJing and those people still stuck with us. You know, he, he'd still do club quarantine, concerts and whatnot. So it's people that was attached to that and are still attached to it to this day. So I made a documentary about it. So It's artists, The No, no, no, it's, it's, I was just playing songs. Oh, okay. But the women that were on there, they, they accidentally started becoming friends.


Mm. So now they go on trips together, they go to, You know what I mean? They go to New Orleans, the Essence Fest together. Its like, that's what's up like 80 of them, You know what I mean? It's crazy. So it's, it's a dope movie. I throw it on YouTube and, and if you ever wanna see the story, you could check it out on there. It's called Mad Skills in the nineties Girl Brunch. Why You have having written any like TV shows or movies and stuff like that. So listen, after the wrap up, You know what I mean? I'm, I'm chilling and I'm watching y'all. I was watching y'all and my wife ended up saying she was one to watch this show in this show called Super Cell. So we start watching Super Cell and I'm looking at the show And I'm like, rap man. I was like, why do I know that name babe? She was like, I don't know, we watched the first episode. I was like, yo, this is dope. I was like, rap man.


Like why that name just sound familiar. We watched the whole show And I kept seeing created and written by Rap Man. So I seen him on The Breakfast Club and I'm like, oh, that's the dude that did the show. Like, well, why? I feel like I know him. Yo, why Went and searched his name and he used to do the UK Wrapup for like 10 years. So he was doing wrap up. I think he said That. Yeah, he was up Here. He said that. So I DMed him And I was like, yo, bro, I checked your show out, man. Like, You know what I mean? I think it's dope. Great work. I said, I remember you from back in the day you used to do the rap. He was like, oh man, skills. I, I I bet your old shit, bro. I'm sorry man. I took, man, I used to do the UK version, man, man, it is amazing to have you in my dms. And I was like, yo, it's crazy. It's great that you put that accent on like that.


Just write to it. I was like, it's crazy to go from writing wrap up to writing shows. And I tell my wife that. She's like, yeah, it is. I'm like, so, You know what I mean? So I'm like, I definitely got some ideas. I pitched some shows. Shout to like James Samuel and we got some things in the work Black Dog, You know, quest 2 1 5 Entertainment. Like I got some, I definitely got some things that could make it a television. It only makes sense. I feel like that's the next, the next level for you. Yeah. I got like, at least three shows that I'm, I'm trying to pitch one. I've already pitched two more is like movies. So, yeah. Well The album is out right now. It's streaming now. It says something about voting. So the, the, the Grammy can vote on it starting When. Yeah, no, they can stay.


It's starting, it started last week and you can vote up until January 3rd. And I am in the, the best spoken word album category for the album, the seven number ones. So we just out here campaigning and if you listen to the project and you like it and you are a Grammy voter, but feel free to, You know, click that button for your boy word. Absolutely. And, and lastly New Year's Eve, you're gonna be at the RB Block party. My family's doing it with you. Of course. Family. Yes. Antonio, get your tickets now if you are in Norfolk, if you're in Virginia, the 7, 5, 7, it's the Norfolk Scope Tickets are still available. It's you, it's Brian Michael Cox. Shout to Bink is Izzy, everybody, the whole crew, everybody. So RB block party, If you're out in Virginia, make sure you pull up on him.


The RB block party is one of my favorite things to do throughout the year. So definitely get your tickets. Appreciate you for joining us, brother. Oh, thank y'all for having me man. I will catch y'all Happy ha Holidays. Good new year to all of y'all. Thank you and appreciate you Charmagne. Happy holiday brother. Let me come up my guy. It's Mad Skills. It's The Breakfast Club. Good morning. The Breakfast Club Morning everybody. It's DEJ Envy, just hilarious. Charlamagne the guy. We are The Breakfast Club. Let's get to just with the Mess. News is real. Just Robin Moore. Just don't do no lying. Don't Do, she don't spare nobody worldwide. Jess Worldwide on The Breakfast Club.


She's a cultureship. She Was able to get y'all to see something and understand something that nobody could get you to see. It's time to set it on. Alright, so we back with the benzino we spent in a block because we, we got some updates. So in the last hour we talked about Benzino crying with a knife in his hand. And the video that that fitty reposted from a blogger, Lionel B. And the caption was basically what fit's caption was Benzino caught on video by his girlfriend Ashley Bell, threatening to un Alive Himself with a knife because she called the cops on him for allegedly beating her. Now Charlamagne, you asked me, did the girlfriend herself confirm that Benzino be putting his hands on her? Well, Lionel b who originally broke this video, I mean yeah, broke the video a week and a half ago.


He spoke on it and how it all happened. All right, so there was a video I posted on Instagram probably about a week and a half ago, a video of Benz Zino in a compromising position. He has a, You know, he has a, he has a weapon in his hand and he's threatening to basically to un Alive Himself. Wow. And he's also fake crying on the video as well and saw because allegedly he was beating on his girlfriend and she recorded him and then with that video she ended up sending it to her best friend. Like look girl, You know how women talk Like look girl, like oh yeah, this dude crazy as hell. You know he doesn't, he doesn't want to go to jail and all that so. Right. You know, good thing she recorded him. So they sent me the, sent me the email, the video And I was like, hey. She was like, can you post this? You know, 'cause I'm tired of my friend being abused.


She needs to get justice. Like the dude is really crazy. He's always having her do zesty things with ex toys and all that on him. Wow. So I was like, Jesus, Yo. What I tell y'all what I tell y'all? I said that ain't no way, it just appeared in, in nigga's camera roll. Like nah, she sent that that, that's like a, she keeping that for like remember that's what I asked type situation. Yeah. And that, and that's straight manipulation man. It's nothing. Nigga wasn't gonna kill itself at all. But, so It wasn't a Toby that's manipulation right there. No it Wasn't, it wasn't giving Toby. But What we know is what we know. He priced still don't be shocked if we still see a movie come out later on with this man reenacting the same thing.


Shut up still cover his ass somehow. Shut, he absolutely, absolutely. We ain't gonna hear him say nothing else about it. We just gonna see a Tuby movie. You know they make Tuby movies in 24 to 48 hours. So it might come out, You know, before Christmas. We, we don't know, You know, but I said that it, it just seemed too real. Yeah, he allegedly be beating on shorty. She got tired of it. She recorded the video to have a trail of it, sent it to our best friend that, that and they sent it, they emailed it to Lionel B. So that is, that is what happened with that. Alright, moving forward Yai and Lil Baby. So we played some of Charlamagne's Outta contact interview with Lil Baby earlier today. Another part I liked from the sit down with you Charla and y'all talked about his relationship with Drake and Drake mentioning him during the beef.


No, Kendrick mentioned Lil Baby during the beef with with Lil Baby. That's what he said. What was your reaction when you heard Kendrick mention you and not like us? He said Lil Baby helped you get your lingo up in, in reference to Drake. What'd you think when you heard that? I ain't really answer like that side of hip hop. But you and Drake always had a good relationship. I mean relationship Drake helped you a lot. Relationship, great relationship. Yeah. So You know, you kind of like it is just with any situation, like if you and him was arguing, what the hell you gonna say but Like don't bring you in it. I don't be having nothing to do with it. I got, I be having saying whatever they got going on ain real nothing. But I be like, I feel like to me like rapping be my work, You know what I'm saying? Like, I don, I don't want that type of work.


That's like even you saying like what's your relationship with Gun? I ain't, I ain't hear it. I ain't in it for that type of, You know what I'm saying? I ain't on that. Well I brought that up. Just, just just 'cause of the music. Right. Music aspect of it. 'cause You know people, y'all, y'all made hits together and some people want that again. Yo how did you understand anything that this young man said to you? I sp I I I speak a nigga fluently when I want to. But look, it's not And I from, I'm from South, it's The difference between regular nigga and Atlanta. Nigga. Like he, that's different. That is different. I don't know which part he from, I cannot understand this man. Basically With the Kendrick situation he was like, yo, my name Bennett so You know I'm I'm not in it.


Don't be bringing me in your beef. If you got beef keep name. If you got beef with another person then you handle that on your own. Don't use my name or anybody else's name to You know, prove the stay the Pot. Right. Yeah. Yeah. You think Kendrick care about that? No, no. Absolutely not. But I, I definitely understand. I know Lil Baby and Drake got a good working relationship so I know, I know Kendrick really don't care anyway. Lil Baby also sat down with Little Yachty on Lil Yachts Spa called a Safe Place and they spoke about the rival picture that everybody was making fun of. Mike Rubin hugging Lil Baby from the back and this is what he said about that. Even the whole Mike Rubin thing. I don't play with s period on no funny, weird, I'm Dapping Coman up and Mike happy to see me.


He run up on me. I got 10 other pictures, we down there, we start damn there ba I'm telling his as Mike, I slammed your ass in your neck. I break your neck. But we play like that. Like even when the picture came out before it went viral, I told him I'm like, like Mike, I can't have pictures like that. Right. Even though me and you playing bro, it's a hundred people at the party. We in the middle of a hundred people. There's nothing weird we could be doing in a party. Right. With all these people watching us. But I know how small people brains is and then I already be knowing how, how much of people want to say something bad to me. When that picture came out, I literally made Mike Ruben go to his security camera at his house, go to the footage and get the whole time. All that type shit. Like that really bothered me. Well the person to be mad at is the camera man.


'cause camera people always trying to catch them casual action shots. Stop with them little casual action shots. Okay. If I ain't posing for the picture, don't take it. Yeah, but you, You know, You know the problem is is when people get mad at stuff like that, it makes it worse. Right. We see it with Lil Baby, we see it with with Meek Mill. Meek Mill. But if you make fun of it yourself people, they can't do anything about it. Like Mike Tyson always, there's always a video of Mike 10 say I kiss you in the mouth. Nobody laughs at that. Nobody jokes about that. Yeah. Charlemagne always Charlemagne has the gayest things to see first Of all, yeah, why, why you bringing me into this? You know what I'm saying? Like why for what? For what Reason? It it's the truth. It's the truth. You say you got gay ears, you say you got gay eyes, you See I got gay ears meaning that I can hear gay.


Okay, What does that mean? Yo, But, but I don't, I don't care if Mike Tyson tell you he gonna kiss you your mouth. Let that man kiss you because I don by the way, that's the PG version of what Envy was and Mike Tyson did not say that. Mike Tyson said I will. I know what used to say crazy stuff. I if you tell you love me. I didn't wanna say that on there. That's What he said. I know. Yeah, that's what he said. Nah, but all in all though Lil Baby did bring it back around to explain why his relationship with Michael Rubin actually helped to elevate him. He don't just be hugging him from the back. Like he actually shut Up, shut Up, Up baby with things up. So this what he said, They would think like, oh baby Mike, Mike, Mike Rubin a beer in there and like, babe, I don't give a fuck what nobody got. But he has been a great influence, a super great influence and that's the part that people wouldn't see.


Like, and me and Mike Rupert, we had the best conversations ever. He also like damn near fascinated with the way I live. Right. And I'm fascinated with the way he lives. So we like meet in the middle, all the black moguls. And I ain't gonna say all 'cause Swiss beats. He's the one, he's one of the only one of the few. So like I look for people like that. I like, like back when I was a kid, I always wanted to hang with the people who got more than me. I don't want to be hanging with the guys who I gotta tell them all the time. Yeah. I already, that's already my role. So for order me to stay sharp, I gotta deal with other people who, who got more than me, who already done did who already stuff. Absolutely. I I enjoyed the conversation basically Gatekeeper information. Yes.


I I that's that's what he's essentially saying, I guess. Yeah, that's what he's saying. Yeah. I I enjoyed the conversation with Lil Baby and Lil Yachty And I think Lil Baby should only do conversations with people that he's comfortable with like Lil Yachty because he ain't opening up. He was opening up. He ain't opened up like that with me in no way, shape, or form. So, but I I, I enjoyed the conversation with Baby and Yacht on a Safe Space podcast. Absolutely. Well thank you Jess. That is with the mess. Hold up real quick. Swiss beats black, like all like he black Swiss beats black. Like nah y'all, both of y'all question Snoop you envy and, and Swiss beats. I feel like y'all like see That's your Black everybody Light skinned? No, everybody light skinned is not Spanish man.


It's light skinned black people out there. There Really light skinned Swiss. No, I Thought he was like Indian, like, or Arab or something. Indian. I didn't think he was Swiss is black Spanish or black Black Dude from the Bronx. You see his mom on his his page all the time? Well I think And his pops. I do think his mom is part Puerto Rican. I think so. Okay. If I'm I could be wrong. I could be totally wrong. Swiss Is black. Yeah, Swiss definitely black, but Envy's, Dominican. I'm black too. And that is just with the mess. All right. I'm black, I'm black, I'm black. Felice Navi died. All right, let's get to the mix. Hey, yeah, let us know what you wanted. Hear That sound like Felicia Rashad Spanish cousin. Who's that? You know What? Stupid. It's The breakfast slip. Morning. Morning everybody. It's DJ Envy.


Jess, hilarious. Charlamagne the guy. We are The Breakfast Club. And again, I wanna salute to everybody out in Atlanta. I was stationed in Atlanta 96.1. The beat tonight is their Jingle Ball. The first ever 96.1 jingle ball that they're doing out here. Hip hop. What style I should say it's so many people on here, whether it's we go through some of the names, gorilla, sexy, red, gunna, ti, Edie, T-Pain, the Kid, Laroi, Khali, Tene and More. They're all performing tonight. So if you haven't got your tickets, there's still some tickets available. We can't wait to see you guys. Salute to the whole staff up here. Salute to Louisie v Louis v been busting his ass, making sure he got this thing done the right way. So we all down here supporting Louis V and make sure this is gonna be an amazing show tonight.


Luther, my South Carolina Bren, Louis V, man. What's y'all a, a very successful Jingle Ball. That's what it is. Jingle Ball, right? Jingle Ball. Yes. Sal Luther, Ferrari, Simmons. You know, bt the whole staff scream and everybody that's gonna be popping up today, Jojo and the big show. All that. Everybody up here on the station. We appreciate you guys. I appreciate all the love, all the dj. Shout to Mono, shout to era. Everybody up here. We gonna have a good time tonight. Absolutely. Oh, and then the after party at Magic City, we gonna Magic City after parties. What what? They owe you some wings because I'm gonna eat your wings. Charlotte, The Magic City sent my wings. Salute to Magic City. Salute to a Lala who's an amazing waitress. They, they, they, they, they definitely, they definitely send my wings. And I wanna say too, man, slut, everybody in Orangeburg, South Carolina, I will be down there tomorrow 10:00 AM to 2:00 PM for the grand opening of Crystal and Orangeburg.


1486 Chestnut Street. My good brother dj frothy.com is gonna be providing the soundtrack. We got free food samples and prizes and all types of stuff man. So from 10:00 AM to 2:00 PM I'll be in Orangeburg, South Carolina at the Crystal in Orangeburg and the ribbon cutting is at 10 45. So I'll see y'all there. Alright. Hey yo. Who can you a envy, can you speak on who gonna go last for the Jingle Ball might come down. Ain't real quick. Gorilla Gorilla's closing out the show Gorilla. I don dunno if I'm supposed to say it but yeah, Illa is closing out the show. She closing it out. Okay. You supposed to say she gonna go first ain't She? I don't know who going first Now don't start that man. Don't start that. I don't know who going first. I don't know if it's gonna be 10 kid Laroi. If it's gonna be Khalid.


I don't know K Kha. I don like nah this ain't my vibe. Kha like yeah this ain't my vibe. What you mean Khali in Atlanta? He gonna have a ball tonight. Yo, shut up man. Yo, shut up. What you mean kil? Khalid gonna have a ball tonight in Atlanta. Oh my god. Khali living his best life. He ain't gonna hide no More Jingle Ball. Not that's Right. Khale ain't gotta hide no more salute to Khalid. You go out there and do your thing and when you go to Magic City tonight, man, tell Lmo l Loma in the kitchen. I said peace man. I definitely will. I'm gonna get your wings. Whatever wings you they had that they never had. They sent Me my wings. Magic City sent my wings via GoldBelly. When the last time I was in Magic City some somebody lied and went to the kitchen and said they was with us and they got all our wings and so, so so Loma and the good folks at Magic City, they actually shipped me a bunch of wings and fried okra and other stuff through GoldBelly that The black is hell.


I appreciated it. How you gonna shit wings from Atlanta? They did through GoldBelly and it was good too. They came into the packaging. They had the, the the, the packaging on it. It was Lou, Lou Wills lemon pepper. It was good. Well, Well Magic City people he never got though. So give it to me tonight. I want all that lemon. Whatever he said. I want the wings to Atlanta Magic City for the after party. So, And get Lala's a waitress. Lala's amazing if she's, she should still be there. That was just earlier this year. Yeah, So salute to Lala too. Yeah. Alright, when we come back, we got the positive notice The Breakfast Club. Good morning. Morning everybody. It's DJ Envy, Jess, hilarious. Charlamagne the guy. We are The Breakfast Club. It's time to get up outta here. You guys have a great holiday. Enjoy, enjoy Christmas, Kwanza, Hanukkah, whatever you're celebrating.


Enjoy it all. All right. Yes indeed. You got a positive note Charlamagne? I do man. The thing I want y'all to remember about this holiday season is you need people in your life that's gonna make more deposits than withdrawals. Okay? Please remember that this holiday season, if you allow people to make more withdrawals than deposits in your life, you'll be outta balance and in the negative. So know when to close the account and if there's some accounts that need to be closed before the year is over, close 'em. Have a blessed day. Breakfast Club Bitches finish. Or y'all done


Football fans picture this. You bet on your favorite player to score the first touchdown and he throws an awesome block so his teammate can score instead. If this happens, bet MGM wants to give you another chance at the end zone with BET MG M's. Second Chance promotion. You'll get your stake back if your first touchdown score scores second instead. That's right. Bet on any pro football player to score the first touchdown of the game. If you're right, you win if your players score second, you get your stake back in cash. Everyone knows the most exciting part of football is the score. With BET M GM's second chance promotion. You have a chance to keep the fun going after the first player crosses the goal line. Place a first touchdown. Score a wager today. Be MGM and Game Central. Remind you to play responsibly. See be mgm.com for terms 21 plus only DC only existing customer offer subject to eligibility requirements, rewards varying gambling problem. Call 1-800-GAMBLER.


You wake up, put on your RayBan meta glasses. You are living all in. You realize you need coffee. So you say, Hey meta. How do I make a latte Brew Two shots of espresso. After Meta AI gets you caffeinated. You are ready for some beats. Hey, meta play hip hop music. You head to meet some friends but can't remember the place. Hey, meta call Eva RayBan Meta Glasses, the next generation of AI glasses. Just say, hey meta to harness the power of Meta ai. Shop now at meta.com/mark glasses.


Once upon a time, Amazon Music met audiobooks and listeners everywhere rejoiced. Oh yeah, because now they could listen to one audiobook title a month from an enormous library of popular audiobook titles including romantic autobiographies, true crime, and More. Suddenly, listeners didn't mind sitting in traffic or even missing their flight. Amazon Music Unlimited now includes Audible. No way. Download the Amazon music app now to start listening terms Apply


Looking for excitement. Jumbo Casino is here. Play anytime, play anywhere, play on the train, play at the store, play at home, play when you're bored. Play today for your chance to win and get daily bonuses when you log in. So what are you waiting for? Don't delay. Chumba Casino is free to play experience social gameplay like never before. Go to Chumba Casino right now to play hundreds of games including online slots. Bingo, Slingo, and more. Live the jumbo life at Chumba Casino dot com. Pgw Group. No purchase necessary void. Were prohibited by law. Seek terms and conditions.


Boost Your trading strategy with signals. Unlock the powerhouse of insights that Wall Street Pros use to dominate the market signals, helps drive higher returns using predictive analysis From $70 billion in consumer spend across North America to help you capitalize on every investment opportunity. Don't wait on outdated reports with signals. Observe the impact of realtime spending as it unfolds. Uncover tomorrow's market moves with today's realtime data and transform your investment approach with us. Start your free 14 day trial@jointsignals.com.