
Gear up for outdoor adventures with the 2024 Nissan Pathfinder. This mid-size SUV is designed for Epic journeys, offering spacious seating for eight available panoramic moonroof, and an available intelligent four-wheel drive feature with seven drive modes. To take your off-road experience to new heights, discover the 2024 Nissan Pathfinder at Nissan usa.com. Intelligent all-wheel drive cannot prevent collisions or provide enhanced traction in all conditions. Always monitor traffic and weather conditions. Towing capacity varies by configuration. See Nissan Towing Guide and Owner's manual for additional information. Always secure cargo.


Hey, Hey, gather round. I got the lowdown on the hottest show in town based on some shh that really happened. It's called Fight Night, the Million Dollar Heist, baby. It's about a job hustler who tangles with some stone Cold Brothers and pays the price you dig. Starring Kevin Hart, Taraji p Henson, Terrance Howard with Don Cheadle and Samuel L. Jackson. Catch Fight Night. The million dollar heist streaming now on Peacock. Right on now. Back to the Funk.


This is Coke Zero sugar. Could I be the best Coke ever? Try and taste with your ears. Hear those bubbles. Imagine them tingling on your top busy deliciousness. Listen to that cascading liquid. A mouthwatering waterfall, irresistibly tasty, zero sugar, crisp, refreshing, and ice. Gold is Coke. Zero sugar. The best Coke ever. Try and decide


Moments like seeing my son's team. Cheer him on mean a lot to me. But after being diagnosed with metastatic breast cancer or NBC, which is breast cancer that has spread to other parts of the body, they mean even more. I take Ibrance Palbociclib. Ibrance 125 milligram tablets with an aromatase inhibitor is for adults with HR positive HER two negative NBC as the first hormonal based therapy. Ask your doctor about Ibrance and visit ibrance.com. Ibrance may cause low white blood cell counts that may lead to serious infections. Ibrance may cause severe inflammation of the lungs. Both of these can lead to death. Tell your doctor right away. If. you have new or worsening symptoms, including trouble breathing, shortness of breath, cough, or chest pain. Before taking Ibrance, tell your doctor If you have fever, chills, or other signs of infection. Liver or kidney problems are or plan to become pregnant or are breastfeeding. Common side effects include low red blood cell and low platelet counts. Infections, tiredness, nausea, sore mouth abnormalities in liver, blood tests, diarrhea, hair thinning or loss, vomiting, rash and loss of appetite.


Turn it up. Music fans. This one's for you. Koch Studio is dropping fresh music and performances from artists you love like new jeans. Carol g, Peggy Goo, usher, and Tyler and Coke's giving you chances to win a trip to one of the biggest festivals of the year. Grab taste that moves you. Scan your Coke. A Coke zero sugar 12 ounce can to unlock fan fueled music moments, no purchase necessary. 13 plus and 50 US DC in Canada. 18 plus for select prizes ends October 31st. Rules, eligibility, and prize. availability@cokeurl.com slash Studio usa. Promo Corp Wright 2024, the Coca-Cola Company.


jm just hilarious. And Charlemagne de they're listening to The Breakfast Club. Thank y'all for being like cultural leaders. You guys are family. The. Breakfast Club is where people get the information on the topics, on the artists and everything like that. You guys were nice. Everybody got me all nervous. Like you guys, let's not go watch. You're locked into the world's most dangerous morning show. More dangerous than the Bronx If. you wanna break this flub? You ain't gonna bring it. 120 minus will not come up here. Jesus. This what y'all do up here. That's right. Get up out the beds and listen to the greatest show on earth. Good morning. USA. Yo. Yo. Yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo Yo.


Jess is out. Lauren, good morning. Good morning. Emby. Charlamagne running a little late and it's Thursday. How you feeling? I feel good. I was a little late this morning, so my makeup isn't what it normally be giving. I was watching the Marlon Wayne's Club Sheha interview. That was pretty good. And I. Lost track Of time. Yeah. No, that was pretty good. It's real good. Did you get your rest? 'cause I know, did I We We've been out the last couple of days. Yes. So got some rest. So well rested. Yep. I slept as soon as I got home. Then I got back up, did some little work around the house, went back to sleep. Woke up this morning. That's, I woke up so early, so I started watching an interview. And I got so lost to the interview. I lost track of Time. Yeah, but you feel refreshed.


I feel Amazing. Oh, you and me. I, man, I slept so good yesterday. It was, it was. It was such a great thing. And salute to, I know some of the students, some of the kids go back to school today. Okay. Today a lot of people, especially on the East Coast, go back to school. So salute to all those parents up and early, getting 'em kids ready. Y'all about to post the first day of outfits, the first day school outfits and all that. Absolutely. So, salute to those parents. It's back to getting 'em kids up outta there. Now today on the show we have Simone Amelia, Jordan. Now she's an author. She has a new book called Tell Her She's Dreaming a memoir for Ambitious Girls that's out right now. Now, she used to work for Dr. Jay's, which is kind of like a sneaker store in the Tri-state area, New York, New Jersey, Connecticut store.


So, If, you think about it, it's kind of like a foot action. And the reason I'm mentioning that is because she actually gave The Breakfast Club their first photo shoot, It's fire, right? Full Circle moment Jay's. Yeah. Yeah. So she also worked at the Source magazine. So we're gonna be talking to her in a little bit. And this morning ask C and E. So If, you need relationship advice or any type of advice, we'll be opening up the phone lines for you. So If, you have some questions for us. So Lauren Osa will be trying to help you out. All right, well, let's get the show cracking when we come back. We got front page news. A lot went on yesterday and Morgan will be breaking it down. So don't go anywhere as The, Breakfast, Club. Good morning. Morning everybody. It's DJ Envy. Jess, hilarious. Charlamagne, the guy. We are The, Breakfast. Club. Lauren LaRosa. Filling in for Jess. And let's get in some front page news.


Good morning, Morgan. Good morning. I wish it was a good morning. Unfortunately, we have some bad news to share. Law enforcement is confirming four people are dead and at least nine are in the hospital after an active shooter event at a Georgia high school. So it happened yesterday, Wednesday at Appalachia High School in winder about 50 miles northeast of Atlanta and just west of Athens, Georgia. Now the suspect is in custody. He's a 14-year-old student, or excuse me, I'm not sure if it's a he, but I believe it's a 14-year-old student at the school. Georgia Bureau of Investigation Director Chris Hasi described the incident, let's hear more from him. Of those that were are deceased, two were students and two were teachers.


Mm. Here at the, at the school, within minutes, law enforcement was on scene as well as two school resource officers assigned here to the school who immediately encountered the subject. Within just minutes of this report going out, once they encountered the subject, the subject immediately surrendered to these officers. And he was taken into custody. So And so, damn sad. It's very sad. We're still doing with school shootings. And in a middle school at that, like this is crazy. Barrow County sheriff Judge Smith also said, this shooter surrendered to a resource officer inside the school. And he also called the shooting an act of pure evil. Now, the shooting did unfold just as classes got underway.


This inci, this student was inside when gunfire erupted, let's hear more from the student witness. I know my teacher, I know he got shot. I know one of my friend's friends got shot in the leg. I thought I was gonna die. And. I was gonna go to the bathroom right before it happened. And I'm so glad that I didn't, 'cause I would probably be dead right now if I did. I heard gunshots. And then my teacher told us to get in the corner, and then we, they were clearing the, I heard like screaming. Wow. Isn't that sad that you just think that you can't even get up to use the restroom? You know. Yeah. Just that they Hear a little baby. Like that's a baby talk. Talking about, I thought I was gonna die. Yeah. It's absolutely sad.


So the White House says, enough is enough. They're responding of course, to the shooting when it comes to school shootings. White House Press Secretary, Karine, Jean Pierre addressed reporters yesterday. Let's hear those comments from KJP. I want to let You know that the president to end the vice president have both been briefed and his administration will continue coordinating with federal, state, and local officials as we receive more information. We cannot allow this to happen in our communities. We cannot allow this to happen in our schools. We need universal background checks. We need ban to ban assault weapons and high capacity magazines, require safe storage of firearms, invest in violence prevention programs, and pass a national red flag law.


So we have to do everything that we can to keep our children safe, to keep the people who are supposed to protect our childrens, where our children who, who are they supposed to learn from? Safe. And enough is enough. Congress needs to act. We're grateful for the brave first responders who are on the scene. And we stand by. We stand ready to provide support as needed. I mean, she's right. Listen, I'm, I'm two a all day, right? But I do believe in common sense gun reform. But the reality is you are never gonna get any common sense gun reform in this country as long as these senators are taking money from pro gun lobbyists. Like the NRA. The NRA has these senators in a choke hold.


These pro gun groups own these senators. And there will never be any real common sense gun reform as long as these senators are owned by these pro gun groups like the NRA. But this one, You know this kid was 14. It was a ar star style weapon. So that means he had to get it from ho we, we think probably his house. Right? He so that, that weapon should have been locked up where he couldn't have access to it so he couldn't get to it. Absolutely. Even If, you are two a all day and, and you own weapons. You try to make it so your kids can't get to your weapons. They just can't You know, like on mine, I have fingerprints on my safe, so my kids can't access any of the gun safes because they can't You know their fingerprints won't work. So what's even, we just gotta find out how this, this young kid got this ar style weapon. How he was able to, to, to take it to school. How You know, it's, it's a lot of questions to power Even one thing.


It's one thing to get access to it, but then also to know how to operate it. Or not necessarily knowing You know, completely knowledgeable, but You know there should be also locks on it in a sense. Like safety's and other things that, that You know there. Sure. But also who needs to also measures, who needs to own an AR style weapon. Like you don't need to own an AR style weapon. That's the whole point of what she was saying. When You know certain guns need to be banned, like that's one of the guns that need to be Banned. And speaking of background checks that I saw, the reports that he had been on the FBI's radar in 2023 had actually been interviewed. The 14-year-old, the 14, He was 13 at, he was, he was 13 at the time. Jesus. He had been interviewed because the FBI had received like anonymous tips about some threats he had made online. So they interviewed him a year ago.


So people were like, dang, how the, like there should have been, I don't know, like maybe that, I don't know what that process is, but maybe there should have been some eyes on him. Some follow up some because when you get released from prison You know what I mean? Probation's all FBI is interviewing you at 13. Yes. That's crazy that that means, hey, maybe there shouldn't be any weapons in that house. If they're interviewing at 13, they definitely shouldn't. That's, that's In the New York Times. No, definitely no ar definitely shouldn't be no ar style weapons. Alright. Yeah. Alright. Yeah, we'll talk more about it and we'll hear what Vice President Kamala Harris had to say on the other side in the next hour. Also, Trump weighed in on the shooting as well. Alright, Thank you Morgan. We'll see you next hour.


Sure. Everybody else get it off your chest. 805 8 5 1 0 5 1 If. you need to vent. Phone lines wide open again. (800) 585-1051 is The. Breakfast. Club. Good morning The. Breakfast Club. Hey, what doing man? I'm call calling. Yo, this is your time to get it off your chest. Whether you're mad or blessed. 805 8 5 1 0 5 1. We want to hear from you on The. Breakfast. Club. Hello. Who's this? This Greg calling Clinton, North Carolina. Hey, what's up brother? Get it off your chest. Hey man, it's about their own You know in America, stuff like that.


I mean, I think, I think kids, I mean people should be allowed to have some and stuff like that. You know that's the second, right? You know and training. And, I, all that. You know I trained my kids at a young age to use firearm because we live in the country and stuff like that. But I mean, to be able to watch their kids and like be, know what's going on. And the little boy probably got the gun probably three or four years ago before a Christmas present, man practicing with it and everything You know. But when he got mad like, or whatever, You know and said some stuff about shooting up the school, whatever You know the parents should have been on top of things. So I, I feel like the parents should be accountable for what the child does. Like man, in a case like that, it was fine for over a year ago, but now he goes and does it You know they should have took the guns or whatever if they thought it was gonna be a problem.


Oh yeah. I'm sure that they are probably gonna hold the parents accountable because remember we saw that other case where the parents got held accountable because that was in Virginia I think. Right? I forgot where it was. Yeah. With a, with a, where a kid took the gun and committed a mass shooting. I'm sure the parents are gonna be held accountable, but like, like I keep saying, man, I'm a two A all day, but I just don't see why people will need weapons of war in their house if they not playing in the Golden to war. Yeah, no, I agree with you. What's the point? Yeah. AR 15 or any type of a thing where you could have multiple, multiple, multiple magazines with multiple, multiple bullets and ammunition, I don't think makes sense. No need to have weapons of war if you're not planning on going to war. Those guns are, are, are created to kill You know multiple amounts of people at one time. Right. So if you're not planning on killing multiple amounts of people at one time, why do you have these weapons?


No, you, you're right. Hello. Who's this? This Sheila? Hi. Hey Sheila. Good morning. Good morning. Hi, tj. Amy. Hi Shale. How Lori, how you guys doing today? Please, Please, please. Good. You I mean, Lori. Yeah. Hey Lori. Sorry, I was just thinking about the mass shooting. Don't we think it's fine that we start putting the parents in jail for not locking up their guns? Yeah. Yeah. Needs to be ridiculous. That, That, that's happening though. I mean there there's been, let me look up the case. Yeah. The Michigan school shooting. Was It? It was one in Michigan. Michigan. I know it was not in Michigan. Yeah. Parents were sentenced to 10 years. More parents. Yeah. More parents that start being held responsible, locking up their guns for not locking up their guns.


I think they should go to jail. I, that's all I wanted to say this morning. I just think we should You know what Sheila, start Locking up the parents. The problem is And I kept, I keep hearing that they gonna make this, they'll make a a, a firearm with a fingerprint on the actual trigger. And the reason why I say that is a lot of people don't lock up their guns because they feel like if somebody runs up in their house to rob them, them, they wanna get to it real fast, it's gonna be hard to open up that safe and get to it. Especially pitch black at night. So a lot of people don't lock up their guns for that simple reason. But if there was some type of fingerprint on the trigger where it could actually You know you can, you can set it for maybe you or your wife or whatever it may be. That's why people, a lot of people don't lock up their firearms. Oh. If you're not, how about if you're not home, lock up your firearms. Right. I'm I'm sure this little 13-year-old.


Yeah, that's a good one. Yeah. This 13-year-old, 14-year-old kid didn't go in his parents' room when they were home and just take the ar and walk out the house You. know what I'm saying? Yeah. Ar is just totally different. I mean you can see that. I mean it for wow. It's just, it's just disgusting. But thank you for calling Sheila. No, you have a good day. You too Now. Yeah. It was Michigan. The case of James Crumbley You know that. That's the, that's the his son. That's the guy who's, he killed four students at his high school in 2021. And those parents got 10 years. I thought the, that that one child in Virginia that shot his teacher. I thought they charged his parents as well. If I can remember. I don't remember. Get it off your chest. 805 8 5 1 0 5 1 If. you need to vent. Hit us up now. It's The Breakfast. Club. Good morning The.


Breakfast Club. It's a new day. This is your time to get it off your chest. Wait, wake up. Whether you're mad or blessed, it's time to get up and get something. Call up now. (800) 585-1051. We wanna hear from you on The. Breakfast. Club. Hello, who's this? It's Wayne. Wayne. Good morning. Get it off your chest Wayne. Man. I'm just sending some off to the camera. Wayne, your, your phone's cutting in and out. I don't know If, you got Bluetooth or not, but I'm looking at the, the list here. It says your nephew was a student at the school. Yes Sir. Yes Sir. Is he okay? Yeah. Man, he's good. Just sending love to the family. I wanted to say Word. Love my brother. Yeah. And that's all.


All right man. Hello. Who's this? Good morning. Good morning. What's your name? Hey, I am Shay. Hey Shay. Get it off your chest Shay. Okay, so yesterday Charlamagne. Good morning y'all. Sorry. Good morning Lauren in Good morning. Good morning Charlamagne. You were rolling a little too hard yesterday. What I Knew And what what part of the show? Okay. Ain't no way you looked at Lauren and told her to clap for that man and that woman after he done made the baby a wife. Yes he did. With these little wis If, you Look, lemme tell you something. Just because you can't give birth don't mean you don't know. That hurt that. I'm pretty sure that hurts you more than you can probably explain Lauren and stop talking about clapping for somebody. I wish I would clap for Him.


That's why you ain't blessed right now. That's why Blessed, that's why I'm blessed If. you don't, you don't control my blessing. I'm blessed. Learn to celebrate My way to work this morning in a car that's fully paid for And. I just kissed my kids to stop. Good morning. That's great. But learn to celebrate other people's success. I'm happy for you right now. I don't mind celebrating that. I'm glad. I'm happy for you too. But no, come on, Let me get my tape. I was up here throwing yesterday 'cause I feel like it's Coming back. I don't see problem. I don't know why you Need a gun. You know you need a tranquilizer. You don't need taste. You need something that's gonna put Tranquilizer. I told him Envy talking about stunt gun. Please get me something stronger. We can Just shock his ass. So traumatized. Learn to clap for people. Wow. Maybe it's too soon.


Hello. Who's this? Gary? Hey, get it off your chest. I just wanted to say hi. You guys are doing the bang up job. I'm calling from Nissan, New Jersey. I just off work. And I. Just wanted to say I didn't know if it was a black kid or a white kid. I'm sorry that it happened. I'm still calling the parents and everybody And I. Just want to say thank you to you guys for doing the bring up job. Thank you much. Thank you so much. Picking up all night. I just got on Word, but I just wanna say guys, thank you for everything and Fatman School, rest in peace. I love him. Yeah, Absolutely. De rest in peace. Fatman School All baby. Thank you. Peace. Get it off your chest. 805 8 5 1 0 5 1. Now we got Jess with the mess with Laura LaRosa coming up. What we talking about? We do. We are getting into the Marlon Wayne's interview on Club Shehe. Okay. All right.


We'll talk about that when we come back. It's The. Breakfast. Club. Good morning The. Breakfast Club. Morning everybody. It's DJ NV Jess. Hilarious. Charlamagne the guy We are The. Breakfast. Club. Let's get to Jess with the mess with Lauren LaRosa music is real. Jessica Robin Moore. Just don't do no lying. Don't do no lie. She Don't spare nobody Worldwide. Jess worldwide mess on The. Breakfast Club. She's the coaches. Who? Lauren. Lauren LaRosa. I back And. I got the mess. Talk to me. Marlon Wayans sat down with Shannon Sharp for Club Sheha and he got into a lot of the weigh-ins family history, which is always a good listen.


He talks about a a lot of different things. Let's get into the first clip where he talks about his family leaving in living color. We left in living color 'cause Fox was syndicating the show and it was Kurt and Keenan Kins. And Keenan was like, nah, you ain't gonna do this to me. And my family said this money. And we all left in living color. There's an episode of Living Color where we got black shades on. It's a Christmas episode. Jamie Fox is singing and me and my family, we got black glasses on and we sitting there like this as a family because we protesting and we going, you ain't going my brother, we are family. You touch one, you touch all your money. I'm sorry. They bet they was offering us big checks. Yeah.


$70,000 checks to stay on that show. I'm still a brother after this. No, I'm gonna support my brother. And we all left the show and that's why season five, it got weird. It got Bismarck and God bless Chris Rock. He came at the wrong time but, and as brilliant as he is, he couldn't save it because the eyes of the show is gone. Nobody needs a six part documentary more than the Williams family. Keenan Ivy Williams is the God and should always be treated as such. Drop on the clue bomb for the Wayne Brothers. Real Wayne family For real. And then, so speaking of getting weird, he also talked about Harvey Weinstein because If, you remember Harvey Weinstein's company backed Merrim Max.


So when they, when the Wayans family was doing all of the scary movies, they were working with the Weinstein through that process. And they had some hiccups in that relationship as well too. Let's take a listen. We pitched White Chicks to five other places. Everybody bid. So then they come and go, okay, we're gonna come over the top and we're gonna pay you. I think it was like a 20 against 20 deal, whatever. And when you got that on the second 22 against 22 and no, we was like no. And they took the idea. And I was like, oh fuck you. So they took the idea, they hired the Zucker brothers and they brought them on to do Scary Movie three based on the idea that we told them. You got that one off. Part four didn't do as well. So you don't know the formula, but God is everywhere.


Right? So we didn't retaliate, we did nothing with it like this. You didn't file a lawsuit like he did. We should have. We should have. We gone made our money. White chicks made another classic. A little man made another classic. We do our thing right. Fast forward too. You know sometimes you ain't gotta do nothing 'cause God's going to do it all. Let God's revenge. When God comes for you, you gotta trust God. So he's saying all that stuff happened to Harvey 'cause Harvey stole a scary movie. Yeah. Basically he's, he's saying that that was a part of, I mean not saying Karma because Of that was a part of the Karma. Karma, Right? Yeah. I'm glad Marlon feels like that. But the reality is, if Harvey did that to the Winds brothers, he did that to a lot of other people. Yeah. And if we want to talk about Karma, I believe 11 counts of rape will ultimately catch up to you faster than stealing.


Scary movie will. Hello? I think he was just speaking to the fact of Harvey from what he experienced Harvey wants. Yeah. He's not a good person when you're not a good person. Absolutely. 'cause Shannon was asking him like, did did you guys sue him like y'all should have. And he was like, we should have. But no we didn't. And and he was saying like they didn't do it and they sat back and Harvey Was just doing a lot of people dirty in a lot of different ways. Yes. And it all caught up. Yep. Now finally the last clip that we have is Marlon talking about the Waynes and how they are like the originators of the halftime show for the Super Bowl. Keenan and Eric Gold and those guys came up with the idea to do the halftime show because they was doing, they had a bands marching, bands playing.


Yes. And Keenan was, and it was like Dori they got with Doritos, And, I, think Pepsi, somebody else. And they was like, we're gonna steal the audience. And living color was at his biggest Yes. And it was like we going to take that audience and bring them to a living color and did a special and living color halftime show all the viewers scattered, left the Super Bowl, went to Fox. Watched this hilarious live in in living color episode Damon got some trouble. Yeah. So we stole the audience and the next year they had Mike. They was like


For decades the mafia had New York City in a stranglehold with law enforcement seemingly powerless to intervene. It uses terror to extort people. But the murder of Carmic Galante marked the beginning of the end, sparking a chain of events that would ultimately dismantle the most powerful crime organization in American history. It sent the message to them that we can prosecute these people. Discover how a group of young prosecutors took on the mafia. And with the help of law enforcement brought down its most powerful figures. These bosses on the commission had no idea what was coming their way from the federal government, From Wolf Entertainment and iHeartPodcasts. This is law and order. Criminal justice system. Listen to law and order criminal justice system on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts.


This summer, lone gunman on a rooftop reminded us that American presidents have long been the targets of assassins. Nearly 50 years ago, president Gerald Ford faced two attempts on his life. In less than three weeks a Woman fired a shot at President Ford. President Gerald R. Ford came stunningly close to being the Victim. A woman dressed in a long red skirt pointed a 45 caliber pistol at the President. These are the only two times we know of that a woman has tried to assassinate a US president and the two assassins had never met. One was a protege of infamous cult leader Charles Manson. She is 26-year-old Lynette Alice Fromm. Nicknamed Squeaky. I always felt like Lynette was kind of his right hand woman. The other a middle-aged housewife working undercover for the FBI in the violent revolutionary underground Identified by police as Sarah Jean Moore, Sarah Jane could enter into these areas that other people couldn't. A spy. Basically The story of one strange and violent summer. This season on Rip Current. Listen to Rip Current on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts or wherever you listen to your favorite shows


Substance use disorder and addiction is so isolating. And so as a black woman in recovery, hope must be loud. It grows louder when you ask for help and you're vulnerable. It is the thread that lets You know that no matter what happens, you will be okay. When we learn the power of hope, recovery is possible. Find out how@startwithhope.com. Brought to you by the National Council for Mental Wellbeing, shatterproof and the Ad Council.


This week on Dear Chelsea with me, Chelsea Ler. I am joined by the greatest alpine skier of all time Michala. She Michala talks about the ski accident that changed everything for her performing while going through grief and what it's like to release the pressure of being the goat and so much more. It's like I have no right to be winning this race. I really probably shouldn't even be doing it, but I'm here so I will win. Listen to this episode of Dear Chelsea on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts or wherever you get your podcasts.


Miss the latest in women's basketball, don't sweat it. I've got you covered Welcome to in case you missed it, with Christina Williams, the podcast. That's your go-to source for women's hoops. From buzzer beaters to Breaking, breaking News, I bring you the highlights, analysis and expert insights you need to stay ahead of the game. The people have spoken and it's time to give the stories that matter most. The spotlight, it's time to blaze our own path and embrace new voices from the WNBA. Get ready for Asia Wilson and a Las Vegas ACEs on a mission for a historic three-peat Plus the anticipation is building as Kaitlyn Clark and the talented 2024 rookie class bring a fresh wave of excitement to the league. And in The World of women's college hoops, the Gamecock Reign Supreme Don Staley's squad is unstoppable. But will they stay on top? Listen to, in case you missed it on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcast or wherever you get your podcasts,


Right? Y'all ain't never doing that again. And they paid the biggest star in The World to come do the halftime show You know this is why when you have those historic stories like that TV stuff, you gotta keep telling them over and over. Yes. 'cause it's always new to someone. That's right. I've heard that story a million times. It's new to A lot of People. To a new generation. They like, oh, I didn't know that. Yep. Now speaking of Marlon telling his story, y'all remember a few weeks ago we had talked about the back and forth between Vlad, Vlad TV and Marlon. Because Vlad had reached out to Marlon to do a sit down interview. Marlon said, okay, I'll do it, but here's my price. It's 40 K. And Vlad got on Twitter and talked about how well after the Air Spirits interview where he brought it up there, he then got on Twitter and was having a conversation about how he thought that was crazy because Marlon w typically on any pla according to Vlad on any platform he's on and the numbers at the time for what we could see for some of Marlon's recent interviews would only do a hundred to maybe 300,000 views on these platforms.


And it wouldn't make sense for Vlad money-wise because of what Marlon was asking for. Right? What Marlon at what, what the number at what club? Shaa Mar On Club Shaha Marlon is at 1.3 million and 18 hours for the full interview and they've started pulling out clips. So there'll be some more numbers added to that. Now to put this in context, I wanna compare it to Shannon Sharpe's last two interviews, which was, okay, Tyrese and John Cena Tyrese hit 3.1 million in seven days. And John Cena hit 2.1 million in two weeks. So I mean, club Sheha is the place to go to You. know what I mean? Right now. So the numbers are gonna number, but for Marlon it hit 1.3 18 hours. I think Vlad missed out. Like I, I think that it speaks to the people still wanting to hear these historical like TV entertainment moments from Marlon who is You know Marlon is still relevant, but the Waynes family and what they've done right.


And like the institution of that is a big deal. So, Well if Vlad didn't know that already, he's hearing you say it now. And Marlon is petty. I'm guarantee you Marlon guarantee you Marlon's gonna let Vlad know at some point on social media today, the next 24 hours. Yeah, I'm sure today, yeah. And Vlad, before this Shannon Sharp interview, Vlad had DJ academics on his platform and he did a apologize for how he handled the situation, which was wack by coming on Twitter and all that. And he said he had respect for Marlon whatever. But yes, Marlon's numbers are doing, they're numbering over at over on Club Sheha. So now moving on, Naomi Campbell, Anna Winter got into a little fashion week. Tis Let's take a listen really quick On I presenting tonight to someone who is often late.


I want to say this, everything's meant to work out for me. It's meant to work out. It wasn't my choice to have the other lady. I'll much rather have this. Thank you. What'd they say? You So she said, everything that's supposed to work out for me is gonna work out. It wasn't my choice to have the other lady. I'd much rather have this. And what she's speaking to when she says this is Naomi Campbell was at the Harlem's Fashion Roast Style Awards. And she was gonna be receiving the fashion icon award. The award was supposed to be given to her by Anna Win. Anna Win went on stage and opened it because she said Naomi Campbell was late, called Her the N word. Okay, continue. She Said Naomi Campbell was late. So Naomi called her an N word. Naomi Campbell came up after and she said, look, I was a little, I'm here like it's happening.


What Did Naomi say at first with the first line she said, she said, what'd she say? Red playback Basic. This the first line On, oh, presenting tonight to someone Who, no, Naomi late I, her and Anna call her the N word. Know didn't. Yes she did. When you say you already, everything's meant to work out than MEE's meant to work out. It wasn't my choice to have the other lady. I'd much rather have this. That's Naomi. Whatever The first word Naomi said, she called her bitch. So Anna called her N To, yeah. I mean it's, it's Naomi. And Naomi said, bitch. And then she said, whatever the way it's supposed to work out, Naomi gonna give it to you. How, how you, how you throwing it? Right? She don't care who you are. And now to clarify, Naomi Campbell's people are coming out and they're clarifying that Naomi was not late.


She was given the time to be there and she showed up at that time. However, what they're saying is that Anna Winter had plans after she was trying to make her way to the US Open. So they moved up the presentation slot to an earlier time Anna Wintour did set, set her little part and then she left. 'cause people were like, oh, this is real shady. Because Anna Winter didn't even stay for the presentation. So Naomi wasn't late. Anna Winter was early. Anna Winter handed off the presentation to a Harper's Bazaar editor in chief who presented to Naomi. And when she says, I would much rather have this, she's saying, I would much rather have been been presented this award by the Harper's Bazaar editor. But but explain the sad thing. 'cause the sad thing is, this is supposed to be all about black Fashion. It's supposed to be all about like, yes, black fashion and iconic black fashion moments and people in black fashion.


And now we got, now we done had to pull Naomi Campbell back outta her bag from back in the day. Like, don't play with her. Has Anybody ever seen Anna Wintour's eyes? I've never wait. Yes, she been taking her glasses off. Sometimes She, I ain't never seen her with her shades off. Nah, she always got her shades off. She always got her Stevie Wonder going on. How y'all know Anna Wintour not blind, but y'all taking her backs on fashion. She Saw that Naomi Campbell. Well no, she didn't see Naomi Campbell was late because according to Naomi Campbell, she wasn't late. Y'all taking her advices on fashion and she blind. Oh no, I look, she got her glasses. She walking around here. Glasses off right here. All right, well that is just with the mess with Rosa. I, my story better. Alright, now I'm a Rosa. I said Lauren LaRosa. Oh, You know. What's Lauren LaRosa? People think I'm like Spanish or something like Dominican or something. Because you say LaRosa First she Lauren London.


The Delaware Nunu. Now she's Spanish. She Latino. No. To Cut this out, Latino people are always like, that's not your real name because you're not like Dominican or something. I'm like, it's Rosa. My grandmother's name is Rosa. It's Lo Rosa. Oh, that's black, not Rosa. Okay, now It's very Lauren La. It's very Nish. Yes. So why You be saying la? I say Lauren La Rosa. Y'all say Lauren la say La Rosa. I don't say Lauren la Now This make more sense. I say Lauren la you Name Was Rosa. My grandmother's name is Rosa. My mom's name is Lois. She did the Los for Lauren and Lo Rosa Lolo. My nickname's Lolo. Lauren la Osa. Thank you. There you go. Yeah. Put some cotton fields on my name. I like that. I like that. Put some respect on my name. Okay. Alright. When we come back, we got front page names. The Breakfast. Club. Good morning, wake up.


Wake up. You're locked into The. Breakfast Club. Morning everybody's DJ and DJ Jess. Hilarious. Charlamagne the guy. We are The. Breakfast Club. Lauren Lar is filling in for Jess. And let's get in some front page news. What's up Morgan? Yeah, we're still talking about this. Shooting the school shooting out of Georgia at Appalachia High School in Barrow County. So the 14-year-old Colt Gray is his name. He will be tried as an adult for allegedly opening fire and killing four victims at Appalachia High School in Barrow County. Now, the FBI did confirm, as Lauren mentioned in the last hour that investigators were called to his home after an online threat with an image of guns were anonymously reported back in May of 2023. Now the agency says there was no probable cause at the time for an arrest.


Vice President Kamala Harris. She's weighing in on the school shooting in Georgia, calling it outrageous that parents have to worry about their children's safety while they're at school. Let's hear more from Vice President Harris. It's senseless. It it is. We've gotta stop it. And we have to end this epidemic of gun violence in our country once and for all You know, it doesn't have to be this way, it doesn't have to be this way. But our kids are sitting in a classroom where they should be fulfilling their God-given potential. And some part of their big beautiful brain is concerned about a shooter busting through the door of the classroom.


Yeah. Yes. It's very scary. I mean, I got six kids and You know five of 'em are still in school. So I mean, it's very scary. One starts today, she's back in school today. And it's just, it's, it makes you, it's nervous. Every time you get a text, every time you see a phone rings and it's the school, the first thing you do is you worry You. know what I mean? And Especially during talking school out, You're Like, What? Yes. And, and these are young kids. Like it's not even like You know, it's not even like these kids are like 17. These are young 13-year-old kids. Yep. So the Democratic presidential nominee Vice President, Kamala Harris, of course, she spoke on the school shooting while holding a campaign event in New Hampshire. She added that gun violence is one of the major issues of this election. Now, meanwhile, former President Trump, he briefly touched on the shooting at the high school in Georgia.


And he also questioned the fairness of next week's debate. Trump also addressed statements that he and his running mate, JD Vance were weird or are weird. Let's hear more from former President Trump. I agreed to do it because they wouldn't do any other network. She, she, the other thing is her best friend is the head of the network. Her husband's best friend is married to the head of the network and they're gonna get the questions. Well, it's a sick and angry world for a lot of reasons. And we're gonna make it better. We're gonna heal our world. We're gonna get rid of all these wars that are starting all over the place because of JD is not weird.


He's a solid rock. I happen to be a very solid rock. We're not weird. We're other things perhaps, but we're not Weird If. you have to say you're not weird. You're probably weird. What network is he talking about? A, B, C. So yes, he, during a town hall event with Fox News Trump called a BC News dishonest. And while also saying Vice President Harris would be getting her questions in advance Now, so the the town hall Saw, so Kamala Harris best friend is the head of a, b, c when that happened. I, I'm not privy to that information. So yeah. But the town hall saw Trump stick to most of the same talking points as he has across his campaign events, including immigration, the economy and tax cuts. Both campaigns have finally agreed to the ground rules set forth by A, B, C, which will be hosting the debate, which is, at this point, less than a week away.


That'll be next Wednesday. Now, Trump had previously threatened to back out of that debate after Harris's team objected to the rules about muted microphones. Harris's campaign argued she will be fundamentally disadvantaged by the mute muted microphones because they will serve as a shield to Donald Trump from direct exchanges with the vice president. Now, however, on Wednesday, Harris's team agreed to the, despite that though her team has agreed to the condition saying they don't wanna jeopardize the debate. So yeah. So the debate is going on less than a week away. Next Wednesday on a B, C, that is the September 11th. And so the Microphones will be muted.


Yes, they will be. I don't think they should be muted. I think that they should be open. And the reason I think that they should be open is because You know the vice president is gonna have Trump so frazzled simply because she knows what she's talking about and he doesn't. And he's just gonna be lying. So all he's gonna be able to do is overtalk her, insult her You, know over, try to overpower her, keep the mics open so he can look like a madman. You want him to look insane? He, he's, he's gonna look insane regardless. He look insane. Regardless. I'm Gonna say he's gonna have the faces on him regardless of The But keep but keep the mic, keep the mics open. Let her, let him overtalk. Let him insult. Let him overpower so the American people can see that and be like, this is what y'all, this is what y'all want.


And they might want that. But You know. I I I think you mute the mic so that way you can hear what she's saying when she's talking about policies and things. That's important. You could actually hear it. 'cause if not yeah. Like you said, he's gonna be going rampant. Well let's switch gears to some more positive, positive news. You know week one of the NFL kicks off tonight. The action kicks off between the defending Super Bowl champions, the Kansas City Chiefs. They begin their quest for a three beat, something no team in the NFL has ever done. They'll be taking on the Baltimore Ravens, my Ravens at a RO head stadium at home in Kansas City. Of course the Ravens finished last season with the top seed after going 13 and four, but failed to defend home field after failing to the Chiefs in the a FC championship game.


We gonna bus your last on the 22nd Morgan. Oh, okay. Oh, I My Dallas Cowboys cowboys versus Raven 4:25 PM September 22nd. Morgan, If Ulu was a person, He says this every year now he's gonna say that they're gonna make it to the Super Bowl and they're gonna win the Super Bowl. Go. You said for me, go. Go. But You know what My delusion all the time. Go ahead. I'm glad you said it for me. See Dallas Cowboys, You definitely did. I will say this though, one story that I'm really excited to see is Buffalo Bill Safety, DeMar Hamlin. He's going to be in the starting lineup with his team season opener against the Arizona Cardinals. You remember he had the, he suffered cardiac arrest at a Monday night football game last year. I believe that was in Ohio. They were playing Cincinnati. But yes, he suffered a cardiac arrest during that Monday night football game last year.


And so it'll be cool to see Hamlin get back out on the field and actually get into some football action. So I'm excited about football. It'll be the, quite the little bit of a silver lining with all of this drama going on. So, alright. Yep. That's your front page news. Follow me on socials at Morgan Media. M-O-R-G-Y-N-M-E-D-I-A. And for more news coverage, make sure you're following at Black Information Network and download the free iHeartRadio app. Visit BIN news.com for more. Alright, now when we come back. Thank you Morgan. Simone, Amelia Jordan will be joining us. She has a new book. Tell Us She's Dreaming Now. Simone was the first person to put us in a a a, I guess like a print ad for Dr. Jay's. It was the first major photo shoot. The Breakfast Club ever did.


When she used to work at Dr. Jay's back in the day, she did a whole photo shoot and she had us dressed like the characters from the actual movie Breakfast Club. Yeah. The. Breakfast Club. She also was working at the Sauce at one time. Worked at the Sauce magazine. She's just a very dope person, man. So we, we will be talking to her about her new book right when we come back. So don't move, it's The. Breakfast. Club. Good morning The. Breakfast Club. Morning everybody. It's DJ Envy. Jess. Hilarious. Charlamagne the guy. We are The Breakfast Club. Lauren la is filling in for Jess. And we got a special guest in the building. We have Simone Amelia. Jordan, welcome back. Oh, thank you so much. I'm so excited to be here. Hats. Have you worn Simone?


You hip hop journalist. Personality. Fashion. Yeah, fashion brand. Photographer. Photographer. I'm an immigrant. We get the job done. They say, what can I say now? A author? Yes. Like you. I'm trying to get on your level. Yeah, I've always, I think I've got undiagnosed a DHD as they say. I've always been driven by hip hop in everything that I do, which hasn't been easy coming from a country where hip hop isn't respected that much. Well, Tell us about that too. Tell us about growing up in Australia with hip hop. How biggie was it that, was it easy or? It started way before Iggy. Oh, okay. Was that Iggy? Yeah. She didn't say she wasn't a part of the problem.


Well, You know, it's funny, when I met Iggy, I did Iggy's first on camera interview for dr js.com. And I initially thought, I'm not gonna like this girl because she kind of represents everything that I have fought against my whole career. Damn. Yeah. A pretty white girl coming in and like I, I wanted to know how genuine she was and authentic to the roots of the art form and paying respect to its black and brown founders. But I, I felt very, I've got this like mama vibe, And I felt very protective over her when I met her. And then obviously her career skyrocketed. And, and we, we didn't keep in touch. But I like diggy. I ain't act, didn't like gig. I liked, I was like, she was, she, she loved what she did. She loved and, and whatever the feedback and response to that was is out of her control.


Right. But she genuinely loved what she was doing. So growing up in Australia with hip hop is, is it, it's tough. We have our incredible First Nations aboriginal community who embraced it from very early on. I'm Lebanese background, like a lot of Arab Australians embraced it very early on. But we never got the respect. It was very similar to the States. But our minorities are even smaller. We are like smaller minorities Got you. In a majority white country. And so it never got the respect that it deserved. It still doesn't to this day get the respect that it deserves. Even there, like they don't have their own scene there. Like, well funnily enough it has a very small scene, but it's run by by white people still.


Mm. And, and coming back after living in New York for a decade and achieving what I did and ended up at the Source magazine, becoming the content director when I came home because I got very sick. I got Crohn's disease and got really sick trying to keep up with the Joneses in New York for 10 years. So I came home and everyone was like, oh, you're gonna be the top of it in in when you get home, you're gonna get every job you'll be at the radio stations. I still don't get, the doors are still closed to me. Wow. Because the only hip hop and r and b radio station in Australia has only two live shows and both are hosted by blonde white women. Wow. Yeah. I felt more accepted here. I felt more accepted when I got to New York. I was like, these are my people. This is home.


'cause I'm a hustler, obviously. Like you said, I've got a million a million gigs. And that's what the story of the book is about. It's about like chasing your dreams even though you get all these doors closed in your face. It's my love letter to this music genre that I think a lot of people forget has changed The World. And it's changed The World in so many ways. And I've always been very vocal about paying tribute to its black founders. And a lot of people don't do that enough. I think. So that book is the love letter to that In its purest form. Hip hop brings people together. Oh. In its purest form. It has taught me and so many other kids around The World to be proud of myself too.


Like I recognized the pro-black consciousness when I was a kid in the late eighties. And I'm like, their self-empowerment made me feel pride in being Middle Eastern at a time when stereotypes were rampant. And I was really being taught by the movies I was watching in the media. I was saying to hate myself and to think of myself in a negative way. And I'm like, no, no, no. Public enemy telling me fight the power You know. So I can't even begin to describe what black people in the United States have done for marginalized kids around The World in terms of our own pride. What did your family think about when you, when you found out this love for hip hop? Yeah. 'cause even in the states here.


Yeah. When hip hop first came around, yeah. Everybody thought it was just gonna be fatty. They thought it was gonna be quick. They thought it was just some hippity hop. But yeah. Caught on. So what was your family like? My family loved it. Like I was raised by a single mother and by my grandmother too. So very matriarchal family. And my mom loves hip hop. Like my mom, I think rec, my mom's a rebel. So she recognized that kind of rebellious fight, the power instinct that it has. And I started rapping at nine. That's the first chapter in the book. But I very quickly realized that was not my role. And so I think We all started rapping here. I think. Do you think you was Dizzy Winkle? I was a rapper. That person just, we all dreamed a little dream. I think you should, I think I should drop a mix tape for sure. Well that's another thing, like women's empowerment has been a really big theme in my career.


I did an an all female mix tape back around those days, 2011 called Woman on Top with really early verses from Iggy Rhapsody was on there really early. I had a Reebok sneaker come out in 2012 where we did this freestyle thing and it's on YouTube and you and like it's a really young rapsody. And who else was on there? Ty Phoenix, like all these female rappers. Brianna Perry at the time. Brianna's Briana. Yeah. Remember Brianna? Yeah. And like to me like, and especially championing black women for me was very important too. Like I'm very respectful of the culture, And I know that I'm a guest in the culture, but I also know that I have something to contribute as an international kind of representative of it too.


What, what inspired you to go from doing like, I guess hip hop journalism to writing a whole memoir? Mm. Well I've always been very careful about telling the stories that I feel black journalists should tell. So I'm like, I can tell a memoir 'cause it's my story, right? So I thought that would be a good place to start on a book journey. And I had always thought about writing my memoir, but I thought my story was so singular and very rare that it might not connect to a lot of people. But as I was writing it, I'm like, oh my God. There are a lot of themes here that, especially for young women, I'm talking about like racism, cl classism, sexism, being groomed as a teenager.


'cause I wanted to be on radio. And I wanted to,


For decades. The mafia had New York City in a stranglehold with law enforcement seemingly powerless to intervene. It uses terror to extort people. But the murder of Carmic ante marked the beginning of the end, sparking a chain of events that would ultimately dismantle the most powerful crime organization in American history. It sent the message to them that we can prosecute these people. Discover how a group of young prosecutors took on the mafia. And with the help of law enforcement brought down its most powerful figures. These Bosses on the commission had no idea what was coming their way. From the federal government, From Wolf Entertainment and iHeartPodcasts. This is Law and Order. Criminal justice system. Listen to law and order criminal justice system on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts, US


This summer, a lone gunman on a rooftop reminded us that American presidents have long been the targets of assassins. Nearly 50 years ago, president Gerald Ford faced two attempts on his life. In less than three weeks, a woman Fired a shot at President four. President Gerald R. Ford came stunningly close to being the victim. A woman dressed In a long red skirt pointed a 45 caliber pistol at the President. These are the only two times we know of that a woman has tried to assassinate a US president and the two assassins had never met. One was a protege of infamous cult leader Charles Manson. She Is 26-year-old Lynette Alice Fromm. Nicknamed Squeaky, I always felt like Lynette was kind of his right hand woman. The other, a middle-aged housewife working undercover for the FBI in the violent revolutionary underground Identified by police as Sarah Jean Moore, Sarah Jane could enter into these areas that other people couldn't. A spy. Basically The story of one strange and violent summer. This season on Rip Current. Listen to Rip Current on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you listen to your favorite shows,


Sub substance use disorder. And addiction is so isolating. And so as a black woman in recovery, hope must be loud. It grows louder when you ask for help and you're vulnerable. It is the thread that lets You know that no matter what happens, you will be okay. When we learn the power of Hope, recovery is possible. Find out how@startwithhope.com. Brought to you by the National Council for Mental Wellbeing, shatterproof and the Ad Council.


This week on Dear Chelsea, with me, Chelsea Handler. I am joined by the greatest alpine skier of all time. Michala Schiffrin. Michala talks about the ski accident that changed everything for her performing while going through grief and what it's like to release the pressure of being the goat and so much more. It's Like I have no right to be winning this race. I really probably shouldn't even be doing it, but I'm here so I will win. Listen to this episode of Dear Chelsea on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts.


Miss the latest in women's basketball, don't sweat it. I've got you covered Welcome to in case you missed it, with Christina Williams, the podcast. That's your go-to source for women's hoops. From buzzer beaters to breaking news, I bring you the highlights, analysis, and expert insights. You need to stay ahead of the game. The people have spoken and it's time to give the stories that matter most. The spotlight, it's time to blaze our own path and embrace new voices from the WNBA. Get ready for Asia Wilson and the Las Vegas ACEs on a mission for a historic three-peat Plus. The anticipation is building as Kaitlyn Clark and the talented 2024 rookie class bring a fresh wave of excitement to the league. And in The World of women's college hoops, the Gamecocks Reign Supreme Don Staley's squad is unstoppable. But will they stay on top? Listen to, in case you missed it, on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcast, or wherever you get your podcasts.


The journalist so badly getting taken advantage of by like an older guy in the industry who was dangling carrots. Like, these things happen to women in the industry. They're very prevalent. And so as I'm telling this story, I'm like, wait a minute, these themes are gonna resonate. So I kept forging ahead. I entered a contest actually during covid, it's called the Ritual Prize for writers. And. I thought, I'm not gonna win this. 'cause publishing again, like every other industry in Australia, is very white. They're not gonna understand the story. But I ended up beating like almost a thousand entries and And I won the ritual prize and then they offered me the book deal and the book came out in Australia about a year ago. And it's, it's just come out just this week in the States.


So I think there's a lot in there for fans of hip hop and people that are living between cultures to, to relate to. Alright, we got more with Simone, Amelia, Jordan, when we come back, don't move. It's The. Breakfast. Club. Good morning. Good morning everybody. It's DEJ Envy. Jess. Hilarious. Charlamagne, the guy. We are The Breakfast. Club. Lauren LaRosa filling in for Jess. We're still kicking it with Simone. Amelia Jordan. She's a journalist. She was a content director of the Source. Also, Dr. Jay's right now, she has a book out called Tell Her She's Dreaming Charlemagne. Wh why the title? Tell her She's Dreaming. And then, and then also every chapter has a dream. Yeah. I realized when I was writing the book that dreaming was a very prevalent theme in my life.


Like I even went through my old magazines that I had issues that I had edited. And I was speaking in the editor's letter about chasing this dream. That feel, that felt impossible as a kid from the other side of The World to come to New York and work in hip hop. Yeah. Dreams had been really prevalent in my life. My mother was a dreamer. Is a dreamer. She wanted to be in the circus. God bless her her whole life. But my grandmother was very salt of the earth, You know She raised seven kids on her own basically. And worked three jobs. And so I had the really kind of down to earth ness of my grandmother mixed with the dreaming of my mom. And. I think that made me able to achieve those dreams. Right? Because you can't have dreams without work ethic. And also in Australia, there's a very famous movie called The Castle.


It's a very Australian movie. And there's a very famous Australian saying, and it's tell him he's dreaming, which is like You know. Tell him he's dreaming. It's very, it's very okra Australian. Which is like, you, you've, you're having yourself on, right? Like you can't be serious. It'll never bugging. You're bugging. That's exactly what it is. You bugging. That's right. Thank you for the translation. You are bugging. And so I made a feminine, so I, I made it. Tell her she's dreaming. 'cause my whole career I've been told this will never happen. Right. You know. Like, who are you to think that you're gonna get there? And I grew up reading the source. And I ended up being the content director of my favorite magazine ever. So I achieved those dreams and I'm very proud of that. What's left? What what, what are what are you still dreaming about? What do you still want to accomplish?


Oh, if anything at All I am dreaming of, I've shifted into more of a mentor role that's very important to me as we can see with the book. Ah, my heart is kind of still in New York, which is tough. You wanna come back to New York? I feel like I'm living in two places. I feel like I belong here career wise, but now I'm married. And I have a 6-year-old beautiful daughter. Shout out to my beautiful family. I think they're listening online from Sydney. I dunno what time it is right now. And your family's From Australia? No, my husband's from New York, but I met him in Australia. Oh wow. Yeah. Life, life is crazy. He, I lived in Harlem for 10 years. He's from Harlem. Wow. And I. Met him when I moved back to Australia. What the hell was he doing in Australia? He had jobs there.


Like he used to play basketball, but he had lived in Australia for a long time. He'd lived there like 15 years when I met him. And so yeah, life is, you never know what's around the corner. But for me next, I'm kind of open to whatever happens next. Like, I'm consulting and mentoring and I'm writing more. Actually, I have an essay coming out soon. A essay. Like a oped. Yeah. I'm writing about hip hop and Palestine. Ooh. Yeah. Yeah. So I see you Talk about that a lot On Instagram. Yeah. I know we talk about it. Charlemagne And I, which I appreciate how open-minded you are about everything. And I. Just wanna give you a special shout out on air for even allowing me to come up because I disappeared from the scene for so many years.


And You know, a lot of people forget people. They leave the messages on read. Nah. And you didn't. Yeah. You've always been solid and like, yeah. Thank you. Like you said, you put us, you gave us off too. And your photo's in the book, man. So like Yeah. Yeah. Your photo's in the book. So yeah. I'm writing an essay on, I'm very passionate about hip hop started as a, as an art form to be the voice of the voiceless. Right. The voice of the oppressed. And I Feel like there are, there are a number of artists that are speaking out and you've had them up on this show, but I feel like we could be doing a lot more. And, and hip hop's biggest stars are, are very loudly silent. So I'm trying to unpack that. Yes. That's a conversation We've had a lot of here that Yes. You know some of the biggest celebrities haven't said anything.


Yes. And You know for some people they don't get into politics. Yes. They don't know. They don't understand. And what's your thoughts On it? I think art is political. And. I think that when we're watching a live stream genocide, that it's not hard to say, I just want innocent people to stop being killed. It's deeper than that. But on, on a very basic level, as an Arab woman, I feel like we're not humanized enough. And I would like to see my people be humanized. And I'm inspired by Nat Turner, like Nat Turner's rebellion. Like when I say I learned about black history through hip hop, I learned about black history. I think that it wouldn't be happening if more people stood up and said something. And really, they're asking us to use our voices. That's all they're asking for. Please use your platform.


Please use your voice. So this essay, it might ruffle a little feathers, but I You know, I feel like we get one life on this earth. And if I don't use that to kind of, I'm privileged And I feel like I should use that privilege for the greater good. What do you, what do you think about the language surrounding it? Right? Because like you, you hear politicians, they all say the same thing. They, they acknowledge what happened on October 7th, which We all can agree with it a travesty. Mm. And then they say the hostages have to come home and then it can be a ceasefire. Mm. What do you think of that language? I think that we have to acknowledge that before October seven, there are thousands of Palestinian hostages that are in jail under no charges at all.


Men, women, and children. Oh, wow. Yes. And that never gets spoken about. I think we have to acknowledge that Gaza has no control by land, air, or sea. I, I think there are many factors that have dehumanized this population for decades that we are not taking into account prior to that operation on October seven. And so I think when we speak about this issue, and again, I'm not Palestinian, I am Lebanese and Israel is constantly at war with Southern Lebanon too. So I do have a vested interest in this. But it's a, it's a human issue. And. I. Just think that If, you keep sending bombs to a population.


How is it going to stop? Like, IIII just think the narrative doesn't make sense. And we're being gaslit very much at the moment. And, I. Think people need to understand there are a lot of people in pain right now. You have a picture here with Khaled? Yes. Have you and Khaled had a conversation? 'cause I know he's been a big topic of people feel like he should be speaking up more. So have y'all had a conversation? I'm writing about Khaled in the essay. That was my Question. Who exactly Are you? Yeah. I I'm writing about Khalid in the essay. I'm writing about a couple others that go to the Middle East to party, make money from other countries in the Middle East. But when it's time to talk about our pain, radio silence. Mm. And I think that that's happened with black people for decades now.


Right. They want our rhythm and not our blues. That's the saying. And now we are feeling it. And so I acknowledge all that in the essay. And I see black people say to each other, why should we give a damn about them? They've never, never given a damn about us. And I acknowledge that too. And I. Think we have to be very honest and have these honest conversations about everything and we can't move forward until that. But to your point, yeah. Have you spoke? I'll put that in the essay and you can read about it. But no, we haven't directly spoken. Everyone has their own journey. I understand that. But as a Middle Eastern person, I know our community are heartbroken at his silence. Alright. We got more with Simone, Amelia, Jordan, when we come back, don't move. It's The. Breakfast. Club. Good morning. Good morning everybody. EJ Envy.


Jess a Charlamagne, the guy. We are The Breakfast Club. Lauren LaRosa filling in for Jess. We're still kicking it with Simone. Amelia Jordan, she's a journalist. She was a content director of the source. Also, Dr. Jays right now, she has a book out called Tell Her She's Dreaming Charlamagne. It's gonna be interesting to see what happens. You know, especially in November with the election. Especially in places like Michigan. 'cause yes, the reality is America is always gonna fund Israel's military. So it's just gonna be interesting to see what happens. What do you think will happen as far as in Michigan? I, I I really, truly don't know. I really don't know to that. Yeah. I, I really have no idea. 'cause even when I think about all those people who voted You know uncommitted in the primary. Mm mm It's a part of me that's like, but it's, if Trump gets in, it's gonna be worse.


I don't know what's worse than genocide. I do know what's worse. And I understand what you're saying because I do understand that there are other, there are other issues, right? L-G-B-T-Q-I rights, abortion. Like there are huge issues on the table. But that's what I mean when I say worse. I mean worse for Gaza. Yeah. Like There's no worse for Gaza right now. There can't be really, there can't be. There can't be. Like you said, if, if what you said is true, then America unequivocally stands with Israel, which is what Kamala Harris has said unequivocally. Then how can there be worse? That change of power will be the exact same thing. So it's just done in different ways. Probably. So I don't know what's gonna happen. I'm not American. I'm married to an American. My daughter is a dual citizen and I'm very vested in, I have a You know.


I I love this country. It's given me so many opportunities. But like it does break my heart. The foreign policy of America obviously affects The World America is still a superpower. I don't know if it always will be And I. Don't dunno. If Americans realize the shift in, in the view of this country around globally, globally, there has been a huge shift. But people always say to me, oh, Americans, they only care about America. They don't care about the rest of The World, And I say, as someone who lived here for a decade, until you live here, you don't understand what they're dealing with on a day-to-day basis. You have to give Americans some grace because there's so much that goes on here that to take on. I mean, I've had conversations with friends to take on some other tragedy is, is is a lot mentally because dealing with things day to day here is, is crazy enough.


So I get that. But it's good to kind of be aware of what's happening. That affects 'cause it's your tax dollars, right? Absolutely. Yeah. The last chapter is Don't dream it's over. Mm. Break that down. Oh, the last chapter. Don't dream it's over. It's basically about, like you said, every chapter has the word dream in it. It's about never giving up. Like I said, I, my heart is still here in New York. I'm trying to bring New York to Australia in a lot of ways in what I do. And it's easy to say never give up when, when you feel like the light is never coming into the darkness. I got very sick with the Crohn's disease. I almost died when I got home to Australia. My doctor was like, you are literally life or death. You are killing yourself to like survive in the music industry.


Wow. Yeah. That's how much I wanted to chase this dream and make it real. But then I realized like, your dreams can change as you change And I think that's the lesson of the book. Like you have these dreams that ignite your fire, but as life changes, the dreams change too. Yeah. And I love that your dreams can change. What'd you say? Your dreams can change as you, as you change. Yeah. Agree that. Yeah. And so now I feel like a new burst of energy with the book. And you never know, like, I'm up on The, Breakfast Club. Like That's right. It's all come full circle. Like And I, And I met you guys when this was just starting started. Life is crazy. And and it's so inspiring. How did you deal with, 'cause nowadays, like people are so, like it's our culture. Yes. Yeah. You can't come in and it's all these think pieces on Twitter.


Yeah. How do you like, or did you even deal with that when you were first not in Australia, but just here, New York being a hip hop journalist, but not being like of the culture. Right. I didn't really feel that until I got to the Source magazine because that's obviously a venerated hip hop institution. And I had the conversation with the publisher, ELL McMillan when he hired me. And we spoke about that and he said, I'm actually hiring you because you are aware of your place and who you are. Gotcha. And he said, some of the staff have said like, who is this girl? What's her pedigree? We don't know her background. They didn't know all the years that I'd put into working within the art form. And so for a little minute I felt some imposter syndrome.


But then I realized, look, I've never tried to be anybody but myself. And I've always encouraged, like I said, like especially young black women. Like Nila Simone was my intern at the Source. Oh wow. Oh wow. Wow. I I know she's the intern You know NY on tour right now. Rhapsody, that's that's what I'm saying. It's, she's on tour with Rhapsody who I've put in the freestyle sessions. So like, I've always known my place and I've always known that I really felt like this culture was not re and is not respected on the level that it should be globally. And even within the states probably. But like, especially globally, people will go to the concerts. They love the music, but when it's time to show up at a protest, You know they don't wanna get their hands dirty and And.


I'm like, no, no, no, no, no. Like we can't let black people give us their gifts and not pay that back. That's real in, in, in every way. And, and I've tried to do that. So yeah, things have shifted a little bit. And And I think rightfully so. I think that conversation is very needed. But I have always tried to be as respectful as possible in what I do and just contribute because it's a global art form now. It, I mean it was unleashed onto The World from the seventies and I'm a child of that. So I think my duty is to learn the culture, learn the roots, and just stand as much as I can. Yeah. All right. Well from down under to uptown New York City. That's right. Our music helped one woman make big dreams come true.


Tell she sure. You go get, tell us. She's dreaming right now that Thank you guys. Thank you So much. And we appreciate you for joining us. Thank You Virgo. So it was My birthday last week too. Oh yeah. Happy birthday. Happy. Thank you. Thank you. Simone. Amelia. Jordan. It's The. Breakfast. Club. Good morning. Morning everybody. It's DJ NV Garia. Charlamagne, the guy We are The. Breakfast. Club. Lauren LaRosa. Lauren, la Lauren, Lauren, la Lauren LaRosa. Right? La Rosa. Yes. I said Rosa. No, you ain't said black enough, but you Dominican though. So it's hard for us. I'm not Dominican, I'm black. But let's get into just with the mess with Lauren. La is real. Lauren, just Robin Moore. Just don't do no lying. Don't do that.


She don't spare nobody worldwide. Jess worldwide mess on The. Breakfast Club. She's a coach. Lauren. Lauren Osa. I'm back. And I got the mess. Talk, talk to me. So very sad news. Remember the Ugandan runner that we talked about yesterday? Rebecca Gue? Yeah. No. Yep. It has just been confirmed that she has passed away at age 33. Damn. The Ugandan sad Athletics Federation confirmed this news on x in a statement. They said, Sorry, y'all, in a statement. They said, we are deeply saddened to announce the passing of our athlete, Rebecca, early this morning, who tragically failed victim to domestic violence.


They also posted as a federation. They condemned such act and they call for justice may her soul, rest in peace. And If, you remember we talked about yesterday, she had been burned in over 75% of her body after her boyfriend at the time threw gasoline on her and set her on fire. Jesus. They were in an argument over land that they both or she recently purchased in Kenya. They were both living in Kenya. Now I know we had questions yesterday about what was going on with him. He was actually burned too in all of this. So he's being treated, but now he's gonna be facing You know murder. Murder. Oh, he set himself on fire too. Yeah. He's he's in the hospital being treated currently. Dumb ass right now. Yes. So sending a rest in peace to her man, that is so, so sad.


Absolutely. What a cowardly act man. And just cowardly and senseless over dispute over land. Yeah. Like, well y'all can't have that conversation and figure it out. You gotta set her on fire. No sense. I mean, yeah. I I And she recently won a medal in the Olympics, right? Yeah. She came in 44, but also she, they got two, two babies. Jesus. She's two babies. Yeah. So sending a rest in peace to her. And You know, I, I wonder when, when, when men think like that, right? It's like even, even If, you don't care for your, the, the the baby mama or whatever. Right? Don't you think about your kids and that's your kid's mom. And you wouldn't wanna hurt your kid's mom. I don't even know if the guy is the mother of the, I mean is the father of the two kids.


I don't know that for sure. Oh, that's true too. But he, but yeah, I mean, but it he could be. Yeah. Even if so, right. Even if they're not your kids, this is still a woman who has two children regardless. C act over some of land. Oh, it's definitely a cly act. Coly act. But it's even more of a cly act when it's If. you If you are the that If you were the father of those children. Yeah. Doing that to their mom. You would at least You know, care about the wellbeing of your, your kids and say to yourself, oh, I'm not gonna do that to their mom. Right? Yeah. I would think I would. So, And it just, she just has so much to live for too. So it's really sad to see stuff like that. Now, in other news, this is trending right now, former President Barack Obama's half brother Malik Obama has voiced his support for Donald Trump.


And he's launched like a bunch of online conversation against Kamala Harris and the Democratic Party. Now what color is his brother now? Because Brock is half white. He black. He's a Kenyan American. Oh, he's black. He he's a Kenyan American businessman. A politician. And he said, what color, what side is it? What side Is he? He gotta make sure side. It's not the first time. 'cause in the last election he was, he was riding with Trump, even though he had a brother Told I never paid no attention. Of Course this is being picked up though, because You know the Obamas are, are such big supporters of Kamala. But yeah, so he, he's related to Obama through their father Barack Obama senior. And they had an a close relationship at first. But now You know that doesn't seem like to be the case. And he's a constant critic.


He's known to be a constant critic of Barack Obama and the Democrats. So like you said, envy, this is not anything new. So he sent out a tweet and the tweet said, I am Malik Obama. I'm a registered Republican and I'm voting for President Donald Trump. Is this anything to worry about y'all? No, that is Right. He can vote for whoever. Vote, vote, vote If. you want to? I'll tell you something. The men from Kenya, y'all really down right now. I mean these last two stories show me that men from Kenya make poor choices. Yo, I mean, come on. Right. You got another one? No, I don't. Got no Other men from no men From Kenya? Nope. Nope. No more men from Kenya. We gonna move on. We coming back into the states now. So Meg Stallion, she did a cover story for Billboard. And in the cover story she talked about a bunch of different stuff. She talked about You know Kamala, she talked about her relationship with Beyonce and starting businesses.


But she also talked about the Black men from Kenya. No, she talked about a black woman from the us Nicki Minaj. Okay. So she talked about their beef, but it wasn't really much to say to it. So they basically asked her about his and kind of how that came about and what the issue was. Because I was sitting here thinking about it as I was looking up this story and I'm like, it's been going on for so long. Yep. Since like 20 19, 20 20. I don't know what the issue is. Like it's always been like speculated that maybe it was because Megan Stallion started doing music with Cardi that then the fans tried to put two and two together and say it was something about and drinking and Nicki Mina trying to get pregnant.


And Megan offering her alcohol and You know, I know Nikki had made some comments, but like, I really don't know what it is. And Meg, the stallion herself, basically said she has no idea. So they asked her like, You know what? Like is this something that can like even be squash? And she said, I honestly don't know what the issue is. So to even have a conversation about squashing the beef, it's hard because what is the issue? Well, that's a little bit of gas lighting after you done made a dish record. Right? I mean his was a number one record. Like you can't go in the studio and record a number one record If. you don't know what the issue Is. But You know that there is an issue because Nikki's taking shots You know what I mean? That's my point. Why They took a shot


For decades. The mafia had New York City in a stranglehold with law enforcement seemingly powerless to intervene. It uses terror to extort people. But the murder of Carmic Galante marked the beginning of the end, sparking a chain of events that would ultimately dismantle the most powerful crime organization in American history. It sent the message to them that we can prosecute these people. Discover how a group of young prosecutors took on the mafia. And with the help of law enforcement brought down its most powerful figures. These Bosses on the commission had no idea what was coming their way from the federal government, From Wolf Entertainment and iHeartPodcasts. This is law and order. Criminal justice system. Listen to law and order criminal justice system on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts.


This summer, a lone gunman on a rooftop reminded us that American presidents have long been the targets of assassins. Nearly 50 years ago, president Gerald Ford faced two attempts on his life. In less than three weeks, a woman Fired a shot at president four. President Gerald R. Ford came stunningly close to being the victim. A woman dressed in a long red skirt pointed a 45 caliber pistol at the President. These are the only two times we know of that a woman has tried to assassinate a US president and the two assassins had never met. One was a protege of infamous cult leader Charles Manson. She Is 26-year-old Lynette Alice Fromm. Nicknamed Squeaky. I always felt like Lynette was kind of his right hand woman. The other, a middle-aged housewife working undercover for the FBI In the violent revolutionary underground Identified by police a Sarah Jane Moore, Sarah Jane could enter into these areas that other people couldn't. A spy. Basically The story of one strange and violent summer. This season on Rip Current. Listen to Rip Current on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts or wherever you listen to your favorite shows,


Substance use disorder and addiction is so isolating. And so as a black woman in recovery, hope must be loud. It grows louder when you ask for help and you're vulnerable. It is the thread that lets You know that no matter what happens, you will be okay. When we learn the power of Hope, recovery is possible. Find out how@startwithhope.com. Brought to you by the National Council for Mental Wellbeing Shatterproof and the Ad Council.


Miss the latest in women's basketball. Don't sweat it. I've got you covered Welcome to in case you missed it, with Christina Williams, the podcast. That's your go-to source for women's hoops. From buzzer beaters to breaking news, I bring you the highlights, analysis, and expert insights. You need to stay ahead of the game. The people have spoken and it's time to give the stories that matter most. The spotlight. It's time to blaze our own path and embrace new voices from the WNBA. Get ready for Asia Wilson and a Las Vegas ACEs on a mission for a historic three-peat Plus the anticipation is building as Caitlyn Clark and the talented 2024 rookie class bring a fresh wave of excitement to the league. And in The World of women's college hoops, the Gamecocks Reign Supreme Don Staley's squad is unstoppable. But will they stay on top? Listen to, in case you missed it, on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcast, or wherever you get your podcasts


This week on Dear Chelsea with me, Chelsea Handler. I am joined by the greatest alpine skier of all time. Michala Sheard. Michala talks about the ski accident that changed everything for her performing while going through grief and what it's like to release the pressure of being the goat and so much more. It's Like I have no right to be winning this race. I really probably shouldn't even be doing it, but I'm here so I will win. Listen to this episode of Dear Chelsea on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts or wherever you get your podcasts,


Each other there is an issue. Then You know what the issue is. I thought it started when they did that song together. I thought there was problems after they did that song video Together. I thought, yeah, exactly. That's so that song came out. I believe that was 2019 Hot Girl Summer. Right? It all started after that. But you remember after that, that's when Meg thee stallion started collabing with Cardi B. And it's always been a thing of that too. Like people say, anyone that Cardi B begins to work with, Nikki somehow finds a problem with them because You know Nikki and Card's like Overarching Beef Wop wasn't Before Hot Girl Summer. I don't remember thought Bob was not before Hot Girl Summer. Nope. But they exact quote was, they asked her like, where did her competitive rap energy come from? And does she feels like, do, do, does Meg Stallion feel like she's the reason that MCs are rapping competitively again, because You know she also threw shots at Drake.


And then Kendrick followed up on that. So she said, I would like to think who asked that Dumb ass question Billboard. She said, I would like to think that I start things. I don't that Yeah, she, oh, I thought she didn't start things. I would like to think that I start things. I don't know. I just knew I did what I had to do. And I said what I had to say if it opened the door for everyone else to get stuff off their chest. While I'm glad because she Didn't open up the door for competitive rap at all. Not for competitive rap, but but Not even in this era. That's crazy. But when, When the Drake and Kendrick stuff happened, people were like, Meg took the shot first on his at Drake. Cut It out. Who Said that? There are people that good. Look at there are no people. Y'all on Twitter, y'all. They on Twitter with me and the people. Okay. Every, Every year is some type of Nobody is brand in art. Red. None of y'all else heard that narrative in this room? No.


This the first time y'all heard it. Okay. Because I don't just be making stuff Up, Brandon just be so shook of black women. I heard, I heard, I heard it because see, Brandon has the reputation. He's from Ghana, but he has a rep. Nevermind, I don't put you up there. I just say that somebody in the room really likes white women. Okay. Not saying it's Brandon at all. I'm just saying that somebody in this room really likes white Women. So when I just said said that, he felt, and so Black women put him under the pressure. Yes. That was his Version of Reparations. Y'all a lot of pressure on him out You know. Yeah. Yeah. Okay. So that wasn't just your version of reparations. I'm Not inside anymore actually. Oh Wow. That's crazy. Switched up On you. You see how y'all do Black women in this room? Damn. See Brandon. See? See when my male homegrown max say protect black women.


Damn. See Brandon. Right? Right back in the corner. You Know saying That's what you get the pan period. All right, well that is just with the mess with Lauren LaRosa. All right. Now when we come back, Charlamagne, we giving that, did I say your name right? It's okay. Lauren la. I said Laura la said I gotta hit that Rosa Lauren La Rosa. You put that little because He's Dominican. I'm not Dominican. And my people and You know what they've been saying on Twitter. You told 'em what they been saying. Webpa You know. That's now they been Saying that. What they saying, y You be confusing Dominican Republic in the, in the, the island of Dominican. And they don't like that. No. You be doing that Dominica. Excuse me, Dominique Like that. No, you posted that influencer video yesterday. You know what they were saying on Twitter.


What? Zest is the new mess? Oh, please Zest, Ty. I I've been unct out here. Unct. Look. No. Look how you holding that tea? Look at you. Look. Ooh, give of shit What we identify you As. Unct. Okay. Teat. Who you gimme a donkey to Unct Ricky Smith. She needs to come to the front of the congregation. We would like to have a world with her. Okay. All right. We'll get to that next. You'll never believe what she said Kanye West told her to do. Please Stop talking us with that pinky up. I can't take you seriously. Tty. It's The. Breakfast, Club. Good morning. Wake up. Wake Up. You're locked into The. Breakfast Club. Your execution on the donkey of the day is something to go. Is it to read? They gave me Donkey of the Day. And. I deserve. The people need to know they need. Well you need to tell them.


I am. You have the voice. Tell them. Tell tell Daddy it's time for Donkey of the Day. It's a read, but you're so good At it. You trying to be a fake ass Charlamagne. He only won Charlamagne Toag Damn Charlamagne. Who you give dusty Of day to now? Well, sexy Red Donkey of the day for Thursday, September 5th, goes to a 28-year-old woman from Louisville named Ricky Smith. Okay. Ricky Smith was arrested after she claimed Kanye West told her to steal a car. Let's go to WDRB for the report please. Woman was arrested in Evansville after she claims Kanye West told her to steal a car that had a child inside Evansville. Police responded to calls of a woman trying to get into random cars. Friday morning.


Officers arrested Ricky Smith after a woman says Smith tried to steal her car with her child in the backseat. When police asked Smith why she tried to take the car, she said that Kanye West spoke to her telegraphically and told her to steal it. Smith is charged with attempted kidnapping and attempted auto theft. Now let me be the first to say there are a lot of things we can blame Kanye West for. There are a lot of things I would like to blame Kanye West for, but this isn't one of them. Okay? This young lady said Kanye West spoke to her Telegraphically. Now If, you know anything about me then You know I'm a huge comic book fan. Marvel is my favorite. I have a tattoo of Wolverine on my right arm. I'm a massive X-Men fan. The leader of the X-Men is Charles Xavier.


Professor X. Now, I'm not the highest grade of weed in the dispensary, but Professor X power is telepathy. Okay? I believe the first time I even heard about telepathy was because of Charles Xavier telepathy allows him to read and control the minds of others. He's considered one of the most powerful telepaths in The World and can read minds within a 250 mile radius telepathy. So I was confused when I heard Ricky Smith say Kanye West spoke to her Telegraphically. That didn't sound like anything Charles Xavier could do. Now I looked up Telegraphically and Telegraphically means in a way that is short and does not use extra words. There is no way Kanye West would ever speak to someone telegraphically because he uses a lot of words. Okay? He talks a lot and it wouldn't be short. Let me use it in a sentence. As a headline writer, his job is to come up with a telegraphically brief description of what each article is about.


What I'm trying to tell you is that Telegraphically has nothing to do with telepathy. I did some research and by research, I mean I asked chat, GPT, I said chat GPT. What's the difference between telegraphically and telepathy and chat? GPT told me like 30 to 40 grand gamecock sucker beat it. Okay, that's Jay-Z imaginary player. Google it. Kids chat. GPT actually told me that tele tele telegraphically and telepathy refer to two very different concepts. Okay? Telegraphically relates to the use of a telegraph, which is a device uses the 19th and early 20th centuries to send messages over long distances using electric signals. Now, Kanye West samples a lot of old music, but I didn't know he also sampled old technology.


Okay? There is a big difference between speaking through the wire and speaking through Morse code. If Kanye is resorting the most code, then wherever he is must have trash ass wifi. I mean, if he's doing Morse code, then his wifi is as unstable as he is. Okay? Dot dot dash Ricky, I'm gonna let you finish. But grand Theft Auto have the greatest car thefts of all time. Now, telepathy refers to the ability to transmit thoughts or feelings between individuals without using traditional communication methods. The moral of the story is Kanye West did not tell this woman to steal a car. Telegraphically are with telepathy. Okay? Ricky wreck her car, but told police her car broke down. Then she jumped into a woman's vehicle while the other woman walked into a store. She was pulled out of the vehicle and since the child was inside the car during the incident, she was charged with attempted kidnapping and attempted auto theft.


This has nothing to do with Kanye Westall. This has to do with poor choices and clear mental health issues. Okay? I believe there should be consequences for Ricky Smith's actions, but when we are considering the consequences, please consider that something is clearly not right with this young lady mentally. Okay? We can't just be sending folks to prison. If these are correctional facilities, then let them do some actual correcting by getting this woman the proper mental health resources she needs. But in the meantime, we also have to give her the credit she deserves for making stupid choices. Please give Ricky Smith the sweet sounds of the Hamiltons, please. Oh, You all the dog of the day.


You the doggy of the day. Now, I just spoke about providing proper mental health resources to folks, right? And if You know anything about me, You know I'm a huge mental health advocate, okay? I encourage you to invest in your mental wealth and If. you don't have the resources to properly invest in your mental wealth. Let me help you. Okay? I am proud to announce that my fourth annual mental wealth expo will be happening October 12th at the Marriot Marques here in Times Square, New York City. Hey. Okay, If, you have never been to one of my mental wealth expos.


It is a free event. Everyone gets in free and it is a day of mental health education and healing. When you come, you will hear from experts on all things mental health. We have panels, we have live podcasts, we have breakout rooms. One of the breakout rooms I'm excited about this year is Me Eternal, where we address the complexities of the black mental, the the black maternal health crisis. Okay? And lemme tell you some of the guests we have this year, of course, my partner Dr. Alfie, dropping a close bombs for Dr. Alfie. She's the Mental Wealth Alliance Chief Mental Wealth Officer, and a Coma Project founder. We have award-winning professor and black mental health Scholar, Dr. Rita Walker, the author, one of my favorite books, the Unapologetic Guide to Black Mental Health, If.


you haven't read that. You need to by Dr. Rita Walker. We have Master Wellbeing Educator and Healer. My good sister Debbie Brown. Okay? We have lifestyle therapist, author, and speaker. My good brother Jay Barnett. We have solution focused therapist Elliot. Connie, my good sister Angela Rye will be there. Shaka Sing Co will be there. And we have a woman you have seen all over social media. You seen her talking to Nick Cannon? You've seen her talking to, oh you got her Cam Newton. Cam Newton. Yes. She's on basketball wives. Right? Dr. Anne Bryant will be there. Okay. Dropping the clues bomb for her. And the offer of the book Cry Like a Man. The Starve of the Lawrence Fishburne produced documentary.


The Cave of Alum Detroit's finest. Jason Wilson will be there and Jason will be in conversation. 'cause You know. Jason wrote a book called Cry Like a Man, which I love. And he'll be in conversation with a man who a couple of weeks ago came on Breakfast Club and bed his soul and told us black men cry. So I can't wait to see these two individuals have a conversation about just the power of releasing in regards to tears. Tyrese will be there. Okay? So yes, we will see you October 12th, Marriott Marquee Times Square in New York City. But my fourth annual Mental Wealth Expo, the event is free, free, free and open to all ages. For more details, go to mental wealth expo.com And they can register there as well, right?


Yes. Okay. Mental Wealth expo do Com. You all smart a little bit? No, I'm not. Mental wealth expo.com. I like how You put all that together. The relevancy, the tyres. Yeah. Who? Who is it? Your team. It's not you, it's your team. I don't, I don't know what you're talking about. It's God. It's Always God. So if it's not, because yeah, maybe it's the team. 'cause maybe you not smart, but that that was, I like that. I'm smart enough to have the right people around me. So you saying you dumb? I am great. I Everybody know I'm dumb. So happy to hear you being honest this morning. What is it? Get Honest or Die Lying. That's the name of the book. Go ahead Lauren. You just started getting honest. And I just started reading. 'cause I had to. We can tell you just started reading Delaware to go Delaware threw shoulda.


Just let it go. Listen Lauren, It, I threw that to see where this comprehension was because we know we a little should Just let it go A little. I think I might pull up this year. October 12th. Yeah. Marriot Mar times some resources. Make sure you register online. If you need Pull up. Yeah, I need some resources because I deal with a lot on the daily at work. Listen, we Got whatever you need. We got breakout rooms. Okay. And black women go through stuff at work as well. Whatever you want. But they cry too. Anxiety, depression. They get gaslit too. ETSD, women's Mental Wellness. We got it all for you. Yeah, I might be there to protest. Might be there with a sign. You got Anything? Let me stop. Alright, well up next is ask C and e. If. you got questions for Charlamagne, NV and Lauren, call us up right now. (800) 585-1051 is The.


Breakfast. Club. Good morning The. Breakfast Club. Ask Charlamagne and DJ nv. Anything. Pick it up. Pick it up. Pick it up. It's time to ask C and e. Morning everybody. It's DJ nv. Just H Charlamagne the guy We are The, Breakfast. Club. Lauren, LaRosa filling in for Jess. It's time for as C and E. We got Carter on the line. Carter, what's your question? So I'm just trying to kind of figure out what I should do with my situation. I've been married 15 years to a music producer. He's been doing music. Oh boy. Since I met him. I've been, I was 16 when I met him. So he feels like he got a calling from God. I ended up getting him to get a job as an insurance agent and it's been kind of hard to keep him You know working there, but he's been doing it lately.


I've been working three jobs for like the past three years. So You know every month we have the same Yeah, And, I go to school. So, and You gotta have sex with him. So I don't have to keep Doing that. So you have sex with him, all that? Yeah. You still having sex with him? We do. And he's a sex addict, so I, we don't do it as much. So of course that's one of our huge problems. I don't want to, I'm too tired sometimes. Yep. How old are you, mama? Well, first of all, what's your question? You want to tell him to give up on his dreams? She wants to ask if she should tell him to give up on his dreams. But how old are you? I'm 31. He's 33. I don't think you should tell him to give up on his dreams. Especially if he has another job. Like I, I tell people all the time, And I wrote about this in my first book. You have 168 hours in a week.


That is more than enough time to deal with your reality, which is having a job and to be able to chase your dreams and to be able to get sleep and have sex with your wife and all of that other good stuff. So I don't think you should tell him to quit his dreams. She Said he won't go to the other Job. Right. He says now he doesn't wanna go to the other job. I Don't, I don't necessarily want him to quit his dreams, but I want, I'm a dancer and I've been a dancer all my life. Stripper. But right now, for the past few years, I haven't even been to a dance studio. When you say, oh, okay, she's a dancer, She still plan to get a studio, but right now it's grind time. We have four kids And she's right, she's absolutely right. You got four kids, you have three jobs and he's trying to make beats. But is there any, like, is he making beats for somebody? Is it seeming like he could sell a beat?


He is. He is super talented. He can make Beats produce, he can turn a song from nothing to something. It's only a matter of time. And I won't knock That then it's only a matter of time. He might, he might need to take another job and not, he does have to deal with his reality. Eight hours, produce four hours a day. But if he's that talented, it's only a matter of time. And if he, if he catches boy, boy, oh boy. Y'all be laughing at this in a couple of years. Does he, so he don't work at the insurance place at all? No, he does. He works 40 hours. Yeah. Oh, you say he Don't wanna go to work. That's why I feel bad for asking him to get another job because he does work 40 hours. Some dude dudes don't even do that. Wells, first of all, what you should be doing is shouting out his name and his Instagram page right now. Okay? That's what you should be doing.


That's right At realize fresh. Y'all go follow my man. Like I said, he's a great Producer and it's only a matter of time. So you keep cooking for that man. And You know, letting him sweat on you. She can't. And he got a job. She got four jobs. She, she tired. She got three jobs and four kids. Where you work. What's the three jobs you got? I work, I'm a server, a bartender, And I Cook at World of Beer and a chef Garden. Catering also wash dishes there. So like I said, I'm I'm, I don't mind picking up when he need me to. Y'all sound great. Trying to Get the, Y'all sound like a phenomenal couple. I'm be honest with You'all. Sound like a nice hardworking couple. And I feel like all that hard work gonna pay y'all for y'all. I hope it does too, mama. I hope it. Thank y'all. Thank y'all for giving me that advice.


Good luck and, and put out his Instagram. One more time for you rappers out there. Somebody might, might, might pick him up and buy one of his beats and help y'all out. Are any women that wanna release some of that man's Face real at real life? Yeah. He, he can do any, any, any kind of beat r and b, hip hop, any kind he can produce from Florida. You ain't hear Charlamagne record? Y'all on the phone? I didn't even say nothing. You Ain't here Charlemagne though. He talking about tall. The women gonna Relieve his stress. They trying to, they they Lauren's single. She negative. Don't listen to her because I didn't say that. Have A great day. Hey, we open for Sugar Mamas too. I love women. Oh You are perfect bro. Wow. Say I mean what? You're perfect. What? Like Look, what's your Instagram? You just a perfect person. Call my Instagram is gq.


I dance Because what I'm doing ain't working. So I might got figured it. I might got come down here with y'all. Let me see what she, what she looking GQ Under dancer. I underscore I dance. And you are a Dan so I know you in shape. Go ahead Queen. Yes. I'm What'd it look like? Lauren, would you join in somebody in the back seat? I ain't And you a queen to me Queen. I go where my mother. You have a black date? Good luck. Y'all ask me in here hating. I Did. I barely was Pulled up there. Oh, here's a bunch of haters. They look like a happy couple. Shout to them. Ali pulled up the Instagram. Y'all asking me questions? They look like a happy couple. Yeah man. Happy they doing they thing man. Yeah, that's right. You. know what I'm saying? Ain't nothing wrong with what's going on over there. This class. All right You. know what I'm saying? Ask C and e 805 8 5 1 0 5 1 is The.


Breakfast Club. Good morning. Ask Charlamagne a DJ Envy anything. Pick it up. Pick it up. Pick it up. Rule it's time to ask C and e. Morning everybody. It's DJ Envy. Jess. Hilarious. Charlamagne the guy We are The, Breakfast. Club. Lauren la is filling in for Jess is as C and E. We got Tim on the line. Tim, good morning. Good morning. What's your question for CE Brother and Lauren. All right, so here here's my, my situation. I, I'm on child support, right? And. I end up losing my job. So I end up getting behind on child support school comes back in and my baby mama me, can I help get some school supplies and school clothes and stuff for my son.


But I tell her I'm behind on child support. If, you can take You know take the back child support off. I don't have no, no, no problem with helping with these other things. Okay. Okay. Sounds logical to me. Yeah. So I feel like I should pay my child support in order for her to get her You, know what I mean? Get the money. So she, it's, it's at the point to, I'm almost losing my license over this in the state of South Carolina. You know child support comes straight out your check And they put you right in jail And If you don't, They'll put you in jail. Well first they'll, there's a suspend your license and then they'll put you in jail. But I'm telling her like, hey we need to co-parent this thing. Can you least take the back child support off so I can get myself situated?


Right. And, I don't have no problem with You know doing other things. What she, if I'm wrong, what'd She say? But she said no, she wrote me a whole and she blocked me. Damn. She wrote me this whole paragraph and then blocked me. How long you been without a job bro? How long you been without a job? Well, I recently just got, got another job a couple of weeks ago. But it was a period where it got up to like $3,000. Once it hit like $3,000, then they go threaten the suspend license. Right. Well I'm gonna tell you what you need to do my brother, you need to come up with that money. You need to come up with that money. Okay. Because if she is not willing to negotiate with you in any way, shape or form, then you ain't got nothing to do.


But go out there and get that bread to pay your back child support and You know catch up so you don't end up in jail. Yeah. 'cause it's gonna be a lot. It's gonna be worse. 'cause they gonna take your license then you can't drive to work. So then you gonna have to walk or ride a bike and it's gonna be even worse. They ain't gonna put you in jail. So like Charlemagne said, you need to figure out how to get that $3,000, get it current, where you from, and then have another conversation where you at in South Carolina, South Carolina. I'm from Burg, South Carolina. Listen, Burg, South Carolina, there got to be a fat white woman with some money around there somewhere. What? They got to be a big back white woman around there with some money. And You. know what you need to do, what you need to do. Do little something strange with some chain, sir. Desperate times. Call Desperate message.


Here's the thing, Shala, man, here's the thing I own. I tried to go into business for myself. And I end up quitting a job that I had to go into business for myself. And I was without a job for like three months. I didn't make no money. So I got behind on a lot of bills. So I'm Invested in yourself. I respect it. Yeah. But the problem is when you, when you, when you stopped working for three months and make no money and you got kids, how are your kids going eat? Yeah. What was the business you invested in? Well, I tried to get my own truck and then I only made $700 within that, that three months. So my rent didn't get paid. I had a little money that I had saved up, but all of that was rent, bills, car insurance. You still got the truck insurance? You still got the truck? No, I gave it back. I gave it back.


For decades, the mafia had New York City in a stranglehold with law enforcement seemingly powerless to intervene. It uses terror to extort people. But the murder of Carmic Ante marked the beginning of the end, sparking a chain of events that would ultimately dismantle the most powerful crime organization in American history. It sent the message to them that we can prosecute these people. Discover how a group of young prosecutors took on the mafia. And with the help of law enforcement brought down its most powerful figures. These bosses on the commission had no idea what was coming their way from the federal government, From Wolf Entertainment and iHeartPodcasts.


This is Law and Order. Criminal justice system. Listen to law and order criminal justice system on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts. This summer, lone gunman on a rooftop reminded us that American presidents have long been the targets of assassins. Nearly 50 years ago, president Gerald Ford faced two attempts on his life. In less than three weeks, a woman Fired a shot at President Ford. President Gerald R. Ford came stunningly close to being the victim. A woman dressed in a long red skirt pointed a 45 caliber pistol at the President. These are the only two times we know of that a woman has tried to assassinate a US president and the two assassins had never met.


One was a protege of infamous cult leader Charles Manson. She Is 26-year-old Lynette Alice Fromm. Nicknamed Squeaky. I always felt like Lynette was kind of his right hand woman. The other, a middle-aged housewife working undercover for the FBI In the violent revolutionary underground identified By police a Sarah Jean Moore, Sarah Jane could enter into these areas that other people couldn't. A spy. Basically The story of one strange and violent summer. This season on Rip Current. Listen to Rip Current on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you listen to your favorite shows, Substance use disorder and addiction is so isolating.


And so as a black woman in recovery, hope must be loud. It grows louder when you ask for help and you're vulnerable. It is the thread that lets You know that no matter what happens, you will be okay. When we learn the power of Hope, recovery is possible. Find out how@startwithhope.com. Brought to you by the National Council for Mental Wellbeing. Shatterproof and the Ad Council. Miss the latest in women's basketball. Don't sweat it. I've got you covered Welcome to in case you missed it, with Christina Williams, the podcast. That's your go-to source for women's hoops. From buzzer beaters to breaking news, I bring you the highlights, analysis, and expert insights.


You need to stay ahead of the game. The people have spoken and it's time to give the stories that matter most. The spotlights. It's time to blaze our own path and embrace new voices from the WNBA. Get ready for Asia Wilson and the Las Vegas ACEs on a mission for a historic three-peat Plus. The anticipation is building as Kaitlyn Clark and the talented 2024 rookie class bring a fresh wave of excitement to the league. And in The World of women's college hoops, the Gamecocks Reign Supreme Don Staley's squad is unstoppable. But will they stay on top? Listen to, in case you missed it, on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcast, or wherever you get your podcasts This week on Dear Chelsea, with me, Chelsea Handler.


I am joined by the greatest alpine skier of all time. Michaela Shepard Michala talks about the ski accident that changed everything for her performing while going through grief and what it's like to release the pressure of being the goat and so much more. It's like I have no right to be winning this race. I really probably shouldn't even be doing it, but I'm here so I will win. Listen to this episode of Dear Chelsea on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts or wherever you get your podcasts. Oh damn. What kind of truck was it? What were you hauling? He rented it. Oh, rented it. I I was hauling all different type of stuff. It was a, a Freightliner. Okay, I got you. Well, I'm telling you, man, get on your knees right now.


Say a prayer and say, God, please bring me a fat white woman with some money. You know God, please bring me a fat white woman. Goodbye with some money. With some money. You need one with no TV Super mind. Okay. All right. Dr. One's not gonna like that, but have a good one. You gotta do what You gotta Do. Hey, hey, envy, envy. He, here you go. There you go. Right? What? I'm not gonna give you no money, but yeah, You know he beat you. Blew. He blew the the horn. Mm. Nah you didn't. Okay. You not gonna pay him for blowing you. It's what you not gonna pay him for blowing you and be send that man some that man, some on his cash app. Man, what's wrong with you? That man blew you. Without even asking, man. You were so excited too. He looked at me, you see That he totally against him.


Lord looked at me back like, okay, what? What? All right. Anyway, as CE 805 8 5 1 0 5 1 1. We come back. We got Jess with the mess with L LaRosa. So don't move. It's The. Breakfast. Club. Good morning. The. Breakfast Club. Jay. Morning everybody. It's D-E-J-N-V. Just Charlamagne the guy We are The. Breakfast. Club. Let's get to Jess with the mess with Lauren LaRosa news is real. Jessica Robin Moore. Just don't do no lying. Don't lie. She don't spare nobody worldwide. Jess worldwide mess on The. Breakfast Club. She's a coach with Lauren. Lauren, I'm back.


And. I got the mess. Talk to me Taylor Swift. It's back in the headlines with her bay, Travis Kelsey. Because there was this document that surfaced and Travis Kelsey's PR team had to come out and let The World know that this is not a real document. This is not happening. But this document was basically like a comprehensive media plan. And the media plan was planning for Travis Kelsey to break up with Taylor Swift and how he would handle the rollout of the announcement of the breakup. Right? So the plan said that the breakup was gonna happen and it would be, the breakup was gonna happen in September. It would be announced on September 28th. And then after that they would give it a few days to kind of hit the media or whatever.


And then this whole little rollout would happen so that Travis Kelsey doesn't get a lot of the negative feedback and push back and all that stuff because it's Impossible. You break up with Taylor Swift, he gonna get all the negative feedback in The World. Let, let me tell you, Let Taylor dump you. So they about to break Up either way? No, because his PR firm came out and said that this is all not true. Like this is false. The document was fabricated, this is forgery. And they even took steps further. So the document began to sur it began, begins circulate on Reddit first and then they hit other platforms. So they have reached out to Reddit's legal team. Yep. To figure out who originated the posting of the document so they can take legal action or do whatever. Wow. They need to do, because not only did this document, Who did they end up suing? Taylor.


Oh, she the one who Leaked it. That'd be some T because, no, look, because this is what I was thinking though, because You know Taylor Swift does the little, she needs like little breadcrumbs for her fans. So it's like, what if that was one of those, I don't know. I think they would be in on it though, right? Like they would have to know. She wouldn't set herself up like that where it'd be be discovered this way. But anyway, so Travis Kelsey's PR team came out and talked about their taking legal action, all that good stuff. Now here's a part that you guys are probably gonna be upset about. Y'all know that the NFL season is, is kicking off tonight. Kansas City Chiefs versus the Baltimore Ravens. So earlier in the week there was a clip that circulated online and it's You know. It just talks about how Taylor Swift is reinvigorating the NFL.


Let's take a list. Stop it, cut it Out, meeting Taylor and realize how genuine and cool she is. I mean, I think that's been special to me. 'cause I mean she's, like you said, the most famous person in The World. She could not be. And, and she's really interested in football and she asked a lot of great questions. She's already drawn up plays, so we're gonna have to put one in. Oh gosh. That's Amazing. That's Patrick Mahomes white half talking. Yep. She's not drawing. Oh no, I thought I was agreeing with That's Patrick Mahomes. I I didn't even hear the white half. She's not drawing up no goddamn place. Travis Kelsey says she be like, she's really interested as well and she always asks questions and she doesn't really know a lot, but she like wants to give input and It's a shame that the Kansas City Chiefs are back to back Super Bowl champions going for a threepeat this year. Right. And they first time ever done and they are giving their headlines to Taylor Swift.


That's right. Cut it out. Mm. Patrick Mahomes. Will she be there tonight? I'm probably so, I'm not for sure. I don't know that answer to that question, but okay. We know that they're not breaking up. Okay. We do know that for sure that that was not true. Alright. I don't care. Yes you do. You are swifty you were shaking it off a little Bit. You never seen that in your life. Yeah. Huh? Because remember you had told me that you, I don't like mayonnaise. That's not true. Put mayonnaise on nothing except for potato salad and just enough. You don't put mayonnaise on a sandwich. You put too much mayonnaise on something. It ruins it. Nah, you can put mayonnaise on a sandwich. Just a little bit. Little bit. Little gaz. He act like he don't remember the last time I was here when he tried to throw that snow king thing on me. He had told me that You know he, Oh, I forgot you used to worship Travis.


Kelsey Never worshiped. I forgot You. Oh, that was your screensaver. But when he one the Tims about that you had Travis with the Tims on, on your phone. Yes. Yes. You did that lot. Say you didn't. God damn Screensaver is crazy. I never, I'm Gonna bring Dr. Augh in here to do exorcism on you. Can You wait, can you wait till I take my blind braids out? 'cause I just, it's like 1, 1 1 thing at a time. One traumatic, what Was that when Dral was here last time? Oh, I think, oh, Jess wasn't on maternity meeting. Yeah, I I wasn't here. Don't worry Dr. I'm gonna bring Dr. Here to do exorcism on you. Exorcism. That's right. Can You perform it on you too? No, because you got some dark Don't have a snow bunnies. Yeah, you do. Snow kings the way you love snow Crab legs. No, I like the whole crabs, the blue crabs. Anyway, moving on. So who are You talking about right now?


I don't know. Okay. I'm just being, I told you what I think is going on with him. And I. Did you take a shot yet? I took it already. You Didn't take it right there, But go ahead. No, this was the first one. That's your Shot. Take A shot. The can can We move on? I'm sorry. Its more snow Crab looks Back to the story. So Desiigner, you guys rapper. Desiigner Pan. Panda Panda. Panda. Panda. You gotta say that when you say Desiigner, right? Yes. So Desiigner, he recently hopped online and decided to respond to 50 cent. He did a dis Yeah. Sorta ish. I don't, I don't know if it'd count as a dis because it, it didn't hit. But let's take a list to 50 so we can understand where Desiigner was coming from. Okay. You know who came to me. I was, what's the name, name, sound like Future. He sounded like Future.


I got clothes. And I got Bronzes. And I met with him before he did the deal with Kanye though. Had him at the office. I'm like, yo, so let me, yo, let me hear the other records you got. And he's like, I said, that's it. And the shit was so hot that he had it. I was struggling. And I was like, nah, I can't get that, that money. Let them give him whatever they gonna get. Yeah, yeah. When I made one record, I didn't know how to make the next one. Right. You see what I'm saying? So If, you have the distraction of a record. You move around, you start seeing all these bad, you done been married three times this weekend. So if this is gonna happen, you done got all this confused. You like what happened? What's your next record? I don't know. I think I like her.


I think 50 was absolutely right. Yeah. Wasn't nothing wrong with what 50 said, but I think Desiigner took it as like 50 calling him like a one Hitt wonder. 'cause that was always the conversation around Desiigner. Yeah. It was like You know, one hit Wonder, whatever. So Desiigner was like, You know what I'm a, I'm a drop a a disc record. A a a song free favorite. A freestyle. How you feel about that? Well I saw the video. I, I just kept thinking to myself like, what were his passengers thinking? Like I hope he waited to drop them off before he did that. He did that freestyle Somebody was in the car. 'cause they had to hold the camera. Oh you mean wait, when you say his passengers, are you calling Desiigner Uber driver? He wasn't driving Uber. Yo Sky? No, I'm serious. Somebody said he was driving Uber. He wasn't driving Uber.


I don't know that. I don't like to say anything. I don't know to be confirmed. It's true. Oh, okay. I just saw him in the car. Oh yeah. I thought he was driving the Uber. That'd be crazy to ask the passengers to tape you. He not doing that phone. That's how you get, first of all, I'm giving that freestyle one star. But If you give me, if, if I'm riding in your Uber and you pass me the camera and say record you. I'm definitely giving you one though. Yo. Who told you that? Yo, the voice was in my head. No, he his he, he put it on Instagram like point of view, another hit. 'cause he wanted like You know people to know like I can make another hit. Well You need to go in the studio and actually record on a beat and put the record out. You can't do that from the front seat of your Uber.


That's crazy. That's the, that's, I mean, nothing wrong with driving Uber. No. Nothing at all. Don't be in my comments. No, nothing at all. But I'm just saying you can't, that's not how you prove to somebody that you can make hits. You Know the rappers be doing the car freestyles. Don't play with them. That That's not a hit. Pap is a freestyle. We do it all the time. Paps Pat can rap. He be killing we Pap because Papoose can actually rap and he's a lyricist. If you. And we know Pap is a lyricist. Right? That's not what design improves nothing. Just now he proved nothing. He Proved this kid his phone, camera worked. Exactly. It's it's not another hit. It's not another hit. And he's just, it wasn't a good rap. Like he, he proved nothing. If Desiigner wants to make music again, I say get out there and try and figure it out. Desiigner, I hope you You Know what I mean? I hope Get over one day and he's driving.


What you gonna do? He gonna drive you right to hell. 'cause that's where you belong. This is why there has to be a buffer between you and your phone. 'cause I believe that when you record certain things in post, like social media should ask you, do you really wanna upload this? If there's, if there's nobody around to stop you, social media should at least say, are you sure? Like, yo Dog. I just, I we hear you sure about That. Netflix does that. When you've been watching this still watching, are you still watching? They should do that on all social media apps. See the, when you post something, it should say, are you sure Desiigner to type on Netflix and be like, don't ask me again. Dang. Alright, well that was just with the Mess with Lauren LaRosa. Yo LA You still tell La Rosa? Okay. Oh, Desiigner can play. Will never ask his phone nothing.


You know how people be talking to their phone and ask him questions. I know, I know. Siri be catching hell with Desiigner. I I, I hope he, I hope you gotta tell. I hope he get in the back of his call day going to the airport. Oh my God. Chad, GPT the ai. They what? I know they be just asking Desiigner over and over. What did you just say? I hope he Uber. You see a house one day and one day you order Uber. He said he gotta deliver it all. Why are we making him an Uber? He's driving an Uber driver like he could. Y'all Charlamagne did. I did not do that. And, and nothing wrong with that again, but I think, I think you're doing it to try and play his career. I was not. Somebody literally told me he who People's choice mixes up next. I hate this place. It's The. Breakfast, Club. Good morning The. Breakfast Club. Your mornings will never be the same Morning everybody.


It's DJ Envy. Jess. Hilarious Charlemagne guy. We are The. Breakfast, Club. Laura la la la. Rosa, la Rosa. That's what I said. This la we just found out out la This My New York verse. Just be easy When you say la. Yeah. La la My grandmother's name was Rosa. So That's my, my mom's name. Okay. That's very black. Alright. La I'm just gonna call you Rosa. It's La Rosa Ann too. Ain't that crazy? My Aunt Ann. God rest her soul. La Rosa Ann. I like that. Why we call you Lauren Full? We, because my name is Lauren. That's her name. I like Roseanne Love Roseanne. Because you got that kind of energy. What Roseanne? Nah, just That drunk auntie. Like You know. Yeah. Going be a grandma. Energy You know.


Oh Okay. That's all I Be a grandma. Rose Ann. Hey Rosa Ann. Wait, I give you a ballroom name 'cause that's the energy you be coming with. My ballroom name would be, I had one too. Damn, you. Did You been to a Ball? I didn't have No, no, no, no. I just had a ballroom name. Oh, 'cause you was planning to go. Nah, I had, what was it called? Was it Reposado? Reposado Holiday or something like that. Holiday rep. I'm making this up. Don't listen to me. Oh right. Well salute to you said ballroom. I thought about Bill Holiday, so I was trying to combine the two. That could be my name's Silly Holiday. What's wrong with you, man? That's my name. Lauren. That's my ballroom name. Silly holiday. Oh my goodness. Simone Amelia, Jordan, for joining us. We appreciate you. Make sure you pick up her book. Tell her she's dreaming.


So Salute to Simone. Salute to Simone. What up Simone? Simone. Put The Breakfast Club in our first You. know big, big photo shoot man. That's right with with Dr. Jay. So correct. Thank you Simone Shaman, you got s note? I do. But I wanna tell everybody in New New Orleans, September 20th, 7:30 PM I will be at Ball Winning Company. Okay, bookstore. So make sure you go get a book to pull up so I can sign it. Take your pic, take pictures and all of that Good stuff, man. I'll be at Ballwin Company in New Orleans. 7:30 PM on September 20th. All right, so see you there. Now the positive note comes from one of my favorite authors, Mr. Robert Green Law 46 and the 48 laws of power never appear too perfect.


Okay. Appearing better than others is always dangerous. But most dangerous of all is to appear to have no faults or weaknesses. Envy creates silent enemies. It is smart to occasionally display defects and admit the harmless vices in order to deflect, envy and appear more human and approachable. Only Gods in the dead can seem perfect with impunity. I don't even know if that's true anymore, to be honest with you, the way y'all be slandering dead people. But that's the positive note. Have a great day. Breakfast Club Bitches. I'm Finish or y'all done?


Hey. Hey. Gather round. I got the lowdown on the hottest show in town based on some shh that really happened. It's called Fight Night, the Million Dollar Heist, baby. It's about a job hustler who tangles with some stone Cold Brothers and pays the price you dig. Starring Kevin Hart, Taraji p Henson, Terrance Howard with Don Cheadle and Samuel L. Jackson. Catch Fight Night. The million dollar Heist streaming now on Peacock. Right on now. Back to the Funk.


For decades, the mafia had New York City in a stranglehold with law enforcement seemingly powerless to intervene. It uses terror to extort people, But the murder of Carmic Ante marked the beginning of the end. It sent the message that we can prosecute these people. Listen to law and order criminal justice system on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts.


In California during the summer of 1975, within the span of 17 days and less than 90 miles, two women did something no other woman had done before tried to assassinate the president of the United States. One was the protege of Charles Manson, 26-year-old Lynette Fromm, nicknamed Squeaky the other, a middle aged housewife working undercover for the FBI Identified by police as Sarah Jean Moore in her forties. The story of One Strange and Violent Summer. This season on the new podcast, rip Current. Listen to Rip Current on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you listen to your favorite shows.


Kay hasn't heard from her sister in seven years. I Have a proposal for you. Come up here and document my project. All you need to do is record everything like you always do. What was that? That was live Audio of a Woman's Nightmare. Can Kay trust her sister or his history repeating itself? There's nothing dangerous about what you're doing, They're just dreams. Dream Sequence is a new horror thriller from Blumhouse Television, iHeartRadio and Realm. Listen to Dream sequence on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts.


I'm Angie Martinez and on my podcast I like to talk to everyone from Hall of Fame athletes to iconic musicians about getting real on some of the complications and challenges of real life. I had the best dad, And I had the best memories and the greatest experience. And that's all I want from my kids as long as they can have that. Listen to Angie Martinez, IRL on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts or wherever you get your podcasts.