
Gear up for outdoor adventures with the 2024 Nissan Pathfinder. This mid-size SUV is designed for Epic Journeys, offering spacious seating for eight available panoramic moonroof, and an available intelligent four-wheel drive feature with seven drive modes. To take your off-road experience to new heights, discover the 2024 Nissan Pathfinder at Nissan usa.com. Intelligent all-wheel drive cannot prevent collisions or provide enhanced traction in all conditions. Always monitor traffic and weather conditions. Towing capacity varies by configuration. See Nissan Towing Guide and Owner's manual for additional information, always secure cargo.


Everyone loves getting good advice and staying in the know. There's nothing like getting a heads up on something before you've even had time to think about whether you need or want it. Well, thankfully, at and t provides personalized recommendations and solutions so you get what's right for you. Whether right for you means a plan that's better suited for you and your family, or a product that makes sense for you and your lifestyle. So relax and let at t provide proactive recommendations to help empower your best connected life.


State Farm Insurance knows that understanding and investing in our cultural identity is paramount in protecting our future We. know what it's like to go from nothing to something to wish that we had better financial literacy when we were younger. Luckily State Farm is here to help with funding programs like Project Ready, which is committed to education achievement, and has already awarded over 11 million in scholarship offers to black and brown youth since 2021. State Farm believes that being better neighbors creates better communities. Like a good neighbor. State Farm is there.


This is Coke Zero sugar. Could I be the best Coke ever? Try and taste with your ears. Hear those bubbles. Imagine them tingling on your top busy deliciousness. Listen to that cascading liquid. A mouthwatering waterfall, irresistibly, tasty, zero sugar, crisp, refreshing, and ice. Gold is Coke. Zero sugar. The best Coke ever. Try and decide


In this selection, we each face a question. What kind of country do we want to live in? We choose freedom. Freedom, the freedom not just to get by, but get ahead. The freedom to make decisions about your own body. We believe in the promise of America, and we are ready to fight for it because when we fight, we win. I'm Gonna keep on running because the winner don't quit on themselves. Paid for by Harris. For President


Two guys, this is history. This what you've done. What You guys should throw. A platform that Influences S Most, Dangerous Morning, Show The, Breakfast Club. DJ Envy. Just h Jesse. She don't Spare. Nobody. Charlemagne. The God made you think the Viking of controversial questions would take his part. I like this Show. Thanks. Breakfast Club. Good morning. USA Yo yo, yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo, yo yo. Laura La Rose filling in for Jesse Rios. Good morning, Charlamagne. The guy. Peace to the Planet is Friday.


What's Happening? How y'all feel out there? Hey, it's Friday, the weekend it's here. How you feeling? How you feeling, Lori? I feel great. I feel amazing on time with my makeup this morning. There you go. All right. Well, why You, why you Pause like that? I'm a little tired. I'm just tired. Oh, I'm, I'm just don't, I'm not tired. I know you not Tired. I'm very well rested. I feel blessed black and highly favored. Another day to come in here and serve our beautiful Breakfast Club listeners, You know, give it to, I always try to tell people, man, You know humility. Humility is what You know just keeps you going in life. That's one of my motto. One of my motto is, keep God first. Stay humble and keep working. And You know. I feel like that, not just about myself, but about all my, my, my, my teams really only have one team.


I only have one sports team that I really root for. Ah, and it's the Dallas Cowboys. I wanna include moms for my Dallas Cowboys. Humble two and two, 500 record You. know the Road to the Super Bowl has a lot of obstacles shut and a lot of hurdles. And we take You know our, our our wins with our losses. They just are what they are. We had a great game last night. Okay? Not really, but we won. So I don't care. The w is the w Have a great day and be with Your losing speech. You shouldn't have one. Losers. Don't get to talk. I'm just gonna say we'll try again next week. That's all I can say. We'll try again next week. I, I waited up last night 'cause I was, I was expecting and hoping for a, a major comeback.


No, you weren't. I was praying, I was watching the game. The whole There's No way you believe that. I did believe, I Did believe. There's no way you believe that with Daniel Jacobs is your quarterback now, whatever the hell his name is. What name? Yeah. Daniel Jones. Jones. It don't even matter. Doesn't even matter what his name is. The guy's terrible. I mean, he sucks You know, nice looking fella. You know. Probably should be a model or something. But quarterback in the NFL? No, not for him. He didn't Do that bad yesterday. He was actually, he didn't Do that good Either. Of, well, yeah. That's the story of his career. Okay. He does, he doesn't do that good. He doesn't do that bad enough. Enough. He Actually sucks, honestly. He's really, he's really terrible. The interception he threw at the end of the game. Oh, terrible. Not, he's just t he's just horrible.


All jokes aside, If, you could get another quarterback. Would you want one and tell the truth? Yes. Okay. Just making sure. I didn't wanna get rid of Saquon Barkley, but I, I would prefer to give the money to Saquon and, and find another quarterback. That was Just me. Yeah. Find another quarterback, Man. But I You know, I I don't run an organization, but that's what I would've wanted to do. Yeah. He's not, but Danny Jones isn't bad. He's just underwhelming. I'm lying. He sucks. Like he's at a free ball. Okay. Okay. That's just the reality of the situation. Alright, now you wanna send him baby oil stop. Okay. But he does, he he throws, he throws the ball like he got baby oil on his hands. Okay. Okay. All right. Enough's enough. All right. All right. Well, swerve Strickland will be joining us this morning. You know who Swerve Strickland is A EW baby Ae.


That's right. W he the W Champion at one point. That's Right. Yep. And he has a, a, a new EPI did You know He Raps. I did know he raps. Yeah. So He has a new EP out called Motion Sickness, but we gonna be talking to him in a little bit. And we got two World Premieres. Which one we playing now? Sweetie? Sweetie? All right. We got a sa sweetie World premiere. Now, I just wanna let you guys know that we don't pick The World Premieres. This is something that's an iHeart exclusive, and this is, you have Nothing to do with this. And this is called Why You had to do that with Sweetie. Why? You hate to say I do it all the time? Oh, I do it all the time. Oh, don't say, because I've never heard this record, so I don't wanna be like A world is dope. It's, it's cute. You like it? It's cute. Do you like it? I like it's cute. You know. Do you like it? Yeah. It's cute.


By the way, radio is the only place that still says World Premieres. Like that song ain't been on screaming service. I six night. Oh, watch it. I don't even know why we still say that. It's just, it's world premier. Like No, it's actually not. I mean, it's been out online and we should actually say something like, from your playlist to our radio, something like that. But You know that would take somebody sitting around being creative. Yeah. It's hard to do nowadays in radio, Especially on a Friday. All right, well, let's get to it right now, sweetie. Is it the way front page news is next is The Breakfast. Club. Good morning. Good morning everybody. We are The Breakfast Club. Lauren LaRosa filling it in for Jess. Hilarious. And let's get in some front page news. Good morning, Morgan. Good morning. Good morning. Happy Friday. And cheers to the Mother f weekend.


Yes, we may. I'm not even gonna do sports. You could just jump right in. Alright, Dallas Cowboys beat the New York Giants. Don't matter what the score was. The W is a W. Okay. I said, Alright, Let's talk about that. Let's talk. But y'all lost to the Ravens last week. Okay. Let's Talk about that. It, it don't even matter. We still got a better record than the Ravens. Okay. Okay. We're 500. You're one in one in two. You weren't Talking Heavy today. Charla. He did, he choosing violence early on a Friday. Just 'cause of the weekend. He got two days. Anyways, let's get into it. More details are coming out about New York City Mayor Eric Adams, who is being accused of bribery receiving campaign contributions from foreign nationals and wire fraud. Damien Williams, United States attorney in New York announced the charges in a press conference yesterday.


Let's hear what that sounded like. Today. We are announcing campaign finance, bribery, and conspiracy charges against Eric Adams, the mayor of New York City. As the indictment alleges, mayor Adams engaged in a long running conspiracy in which he solicited and knowingly accepted illegal campaign contributions from foreign donors and corporations. As we allege, mayor Adams took these contributions even though he knew they were illegal, and even though he knew these contributions were attempts by a Turkish government official and Turkish businessmen to buy influence with him. Yeah, they couldn't. They went on and on and on and listed different instances in which the mayor actually may have or alleged that the mayor, yeah, he was doing these acts.


Now, before federal authorities announced the charges yesterday, mayor Adams, he held a press conference urging New Yorkers not to rush to judgment. Let's hear those comments from Mayor Adams. This is not surprising to us at all the actions that have unfolded over the last 10 months. Yeah, the leaks, the commentary, the demonizing, it's an unfortunate day and it's a painful day. But inside of all of that, it's a day where we were finally revealed. Why for 10 months I have gone through this And I ask New Yorkers to wait to hear our defense before making any judgments.


I will continue to do the job for 8.3 million New Yorkers that I was elected to do. Now this comes as other elected officials are calling for him to step down. And that presser was actually interrupted by protestors who said, this is a you thing talking to the mayor, not a black thing. So they don't You know black population. Said, don't get it. Don't. Now why are we in it? Federal agents also carried out a search of his New York City residence yesterday morning, literally while we were on the radio. 6:00 AM several agents showed up to Gracie Manchin, a lawyer for Adam. Said they were looking for his phone, which was seized last year by FBI agents. And his campaign has been under investigation since 2021 for alleging the cons conspiring with Turkish government for illegal donations.


Now, New York governor Kathy Holle, she hints that she might take action against him. She made a statement late last night saying that she wrote that her options, she's reviewing her options and obligations describing the Adams incident or the indictment, rather as the latest in the disturbing pattern of events. That has contributed to a sense of unease. She went on to say, I expect that the mayor will take a few days to review the situation and find an appropriate, appropriate path forward to ensure the people of New York City are being well served by their leaders. Now, Adams and Hools have been key allies since they both took office. So I know this is hard for the governor and the mayor to be having to deal with this type of thing.


What are you guys thoughts on after the press conferences and everything that's come out? I don't know, y'all. I I thought it was gonna be way more, I felt like the way that they led this up, the, the, the everything they did prior to And I know they gotta get evidence to prove whatever they need to prove. And I know that if, if this is true, what was done is a crime. But the way that they painted this picture, I thought it Those would be a lot worse. I thought he was like bringing bombs over from somewhere or something. Like, I don't know. It just, I was like, wait, this is it. Like this is illegal. Yes, if he did it, but like, I don't know. Just, I, I expected more. But they were saying they have, they have to prove that Eric Adams gave favoritism to whoever gave those donations. And if they can't prove that he gave favoritism or moved something because of those donations, it really means nothing.


So, we'll see. I don't, I don't know if he'll step down. It seems like they're trying to force him to step down. No, I mean, it's interesting, right? Like I've heard Mayor Adams here on The Breakfast Club say he feels like black mayors are under attack all over America. Yeah. I've heard people say, I think it was yesterday, I think it was the front of the post, one of the papers I forgot. But they said they believe it's because he spoke out against the Biden administration in regards to the migrant crisis. Matter of fact, may Adam said that here too on Breakfast Club. But, but the reality is they can't get you on anything If. you don't have anything. Yeah, true You know what I mean? True. So even If, you do, even If, you do speak out You know against You know an administration. If they go looking under the hood for something, if there's nothing there, it's nothing there. But if there's something there, they gonna use it against you.


I do just wonder how many politicians You know take illegal contributions like this. Yes. I, IIII just wonder, If, you looked under the hood of all of these elected officials, how many people You know take what they call illegal contributions, free flights, You know, in exchange for doing things like You know, pushing, building permits or just anything. I just, I just wonder if, if If you go searching under the hood of all these elected officials, how many of them do stuff like this? I wonder. That's How I felt too. Like I, I felt like it's something that like we probably don't know, but happens all the time, but it's not Right. You but I, I don't know. Probably more common than we know. Yeah. Is what you're getting at. Yes. Alright. Alright. We'll get into You know. We'll we're, we're watching now. Tropical Storm. Helene has been demoted from a hurricane to a tropical storm.


We'll talk more about that. The VP and President Biden on the other side. Alright. I will also say too, it made me want to just look into Turkish Airlines. You know I'm a, I like, I like looking at airlines and seeing how nice they are. I wonder how nice Turkish Airlines is. 'cause boy, when I was looking at them, prices for them upgrades. It was like 30 grand for him to fly in business class. They said extra 16 K for one flight. I was like, well, what do they do on them flights? That's what I, I want to see. 'cause I, I You know I've flown Emrich before. Emrich is amazing. But I want, lemme see what Turkish air lines hitting On it. Yeah. Turkish is expensive. So is Emirates. They both, they both comparable. I like Emirates a little better Though. You been on Turkish before? Yes. Where does Turkish fly? Just tur. No, no, no, no. It flies everywhere overseas. It usually flies where Emirate flies. Really?


Yeah. Oh, Okay. Alright. Well that is front page news. Get it off your chest. 805 8 5 1 0 5 1. If. you need to vent. Hit us up now. Phone lines are wide open again. 805 8 5 1 0 5 1 is The Breakfast. Club. Good morning The. Breakfast Club. This is your time to get it off your chest. Whether you're mad or blessed, I hate The way that you walk, the way that you talk. I hate the way you dress. Everything with me Is blessed. Call up next. Eight five eight five one oh five one. Not just me, I'm with the coach of Phil. Hello. Who's this? Your name? Hello. Hey, what's your name bro? My name's Wavy from calling from Baltimore. Man.


Wa you from Baltimore? What up? Get it off your chest. Wavy. Hey man, I aint, I ain't want much man. I just was asking for prayers today. Got a passed this test for this job that I just got. And I'm just asking for Prayers You got. That's all you. It says you gotta pitch something today at your new job. Yeah. Yeah. I gotta pitch something. Little Roughy. Pitch It to us. Pitch it to us. Let's hear what you Got. No, don't, don't. No. Don't waste your energy on doing that brother. We going. Nah, 'cause we might be gonna Help. We gonna give you these thoughts and prayers. Don't listen to Envy. We, we give you these thoughts and prayers, brother. We gonna Give you these prayers. But let's hear what you got. Stop exploiting this man, man, this man trying to get a job. I mean, maybe we can help him. Maybe we could give some advice. We go ahead wavy.


No, no, no. I appreciate it. But yeah, I'm, I'm Take the call to me mouth man. You know I i prayers, Man. That's right. Got my definitely sending you a prayer bro. Don't listen to Envy crazy Ass. I ain't say I'm taking back the prayer. I'm taking back the prayer. God don't like that. I'm taking, I was trying to help him out, like pitch something and we could see if it's No you're not, you're trying to exploit him for radio content entertainment. I'm not exploiting him. Why? If it, it might've been great then we could've helped the brother out. But what if it's like NDA restricted and like he would've said that you could tell it's no damn NDA Get it off your chest. 805 8 5 1 0 5 1. If. you need to vent. Hit us up now. It's The, Breakfast, Club. Good morning, The. Breakfast, Club. Wake up.


Wake up your as Your time to get it off your chest. Whether your mad or we want to hear from you on a breakfast. Who's this Alp This a kitchen Up your chest. Yo. Yo, I got two things. I wanna get off my chest real fast, man. This is Cardi B in this offset situation. Yo, I I like sometimes this is so your bro, you just gotta understand If, you ain't got that whole dog without You. know what I mean? Don't be in no relationship man. Don't take no woman down with the, with the meha of your mental health, bro. Because that's just a temptation that's gonna ruin everything in that moment that you going that don't even be worth it half of the time.


Like, I mean, I'm gonna need my king to just stand on business and stop and stop, stop treating these women like this man because You know what I mean? Like there's, there's no other woman that's gonna hold you down. The one that you got and that's the one that you do dirty the most, the one that you got kids with You. Know what I mean? So And I want the And I don't want to bring up the fact that this ti situation with his son. Dig up to him, man. Real father privilege type. I don't, I don't agree with kids actually having both parents in the household and, and, and, and, and you're pretending to be tough. You're not from the hood. You not even had to deal with no struggle. Stop acting like that You. know what I mean? Play Fortnite. Mind your business. Go, go let mean do do regular kids stuff.


But you to be acting like you from the hood. That like unheard of bro. And I. Just had to get that off my chest real fast. Hold let, let's talk about some things king. 'cause you unpacking some things this morning. Some of the things I agree with, I agree with. How old are you? I'm 38. You 38 years old. I'm assuming you got a woman, right? I do. I got a wife, pocket a Wife. At what point did you get your mind right and realize everything you just said because I'm not, I'm not disagreeing with anything you just said. I'm just at what point My First, my first mess up. My first mess up. You know you. You, you got a strong woman sometimes and you make mistakes. You know what I mean? As a man, we make mistakes. Stand on your business, accept the fact that you made a mistake and that you got a good woman in your corner type shit.


I agree. But that Lot of men, That's why that's a fact. I agree. But that's why as men, we do gotta give offset some grace because he'll get there. Now whether or not his woman is still there when he gets there, that's a different story. But you gotta give the brother some grace because we all Have been there. Well hopefully you'll get there. Absolutely. That's a fact. I appreciate y'all man. I listen to y'all every morning, man. Sir, I have this road in this rain right now. Big Be safe out there brother. And, and you and you, you could only have one parent in your household to be tough. If. you have a man a, a a I guess a father Vem of he can't be tough. I'm Just curious. Nah, what he he's just saying that You know when you come from a stable household, You know the chances of you You know, doing dumb stuff is, is is less likely. I guess that's what he's, that's what he's saying.


No. Okay. I, because I know a lot of people that's tough. That got my mom and dad's in their life. They just, it is just the way they was raised or where they're from. But anyway, I I see what you saying. I think he telling I'm staying his lane. Yeah, I see what he was saying as far as with, with Tia. So, but anyway. Hello. Who's this Dee from? Queens. How you doing fellas? Queens. What part of Queens? D I'm I'm actually from Hollis. Oh, Hollis. Okay. You You know I went to school right there at St. Joman by across the street from PS 34. Oh, I know, I know mp. Okay, what's going on Fella? What's going on? Get it off your chest. I'm tired of y'all justifying when evil black people do stuff because a white person evil did something. What Eric Adams did was wrong. Period. I don't care that he's black, wrong is wrong.


Stop saying it's not a big deal when he, like there was a, I read the whole indictment because I was just bored and it was like a fight, a building that he didn't pass fire code that he just let go. And some of this stuff is easily provable actually. And then there was also something with campaign finance where he defrauded the city's of millions of dollars, but then he wants to close library and y'all acting like it's no big deal. What's going on with y'all? Who, who said it's no big deal, But y'all keep saying, oh there's, there's p but you both sizing it outta both sides of your mouth talking about well there's politicians that do stuff wrong all the time. So what That's got caught people All the time. But some people get a ticket Ticket. Okay, so what's wrong with that? What's wrong with asking the question? I wonder how many politicians take Yeah, because illegal time about, time about, I said take illegal contributions like this, acknowledging that it's illegal.


And I said even if Mayor Adams is out here saying he's under attack or they're coming at him because of the Biden administration, they can't attack you If you don't have nothing to attack. So what are you talking about? Yeah, but you're talking about both sides of your mouth. You say, oh well this one does this, but why is this? Who cares what other people do? I never, I Never said that he should be Gone. Said that. Nobody said that, sir. You're implying it, you're implying both sides. Like, okay, well this person did this, but why is people on getting singled out? Nobody did that. Nobody said that. That's how you feel. Nobody said that. Well, nobody on this radio said that this morning We only heard one side of, of what's going on. I mean the brother is innocent to proven guilty. He has to get his date in court. So I mean, even though the indictment says what the indictment says, I'm sure there's a Eric Adams side and and that's what we have to do.


I I know that's one thing. We have to sit there and wait for court and wait till we hear Eric Adam's side and then we can go from there. Yeah. 'cause I'm really interested to hear how he gonna defend the stuff that they're saying and found And And I. Don't think it's anything wrong with asking, asking these questions. I think that's a a fair statement. If you're going to say, Hey, you're under attack 'cause you're a black mayor. Or if you're going to say, Hey, the Biden administration is targeting me because I spoke out against the migrant crisis. All of that could be true. But they can't attack you if they don't have nothing to attack. Hello? Who's this? What up? My name's Will Will what up. Get it off your chest will Man. First thing I wanted to say good morning to y'all. I'm from Louisville, KY man. My thoughts about the mayor, I just feel like that it's a double standard.


You know the whole political game is bought and paid for. I own the politicians that You know they pass gun laws and stuff. The gun companies come to them and for and for certain campaigns and stuff like the, it's the whole game. So I just feel like it's a double standard. Y'all heard the, the dude Hill Harper come up here and explain that like Oh yeah, yeah, yeah. I forgot about Hill Harper. Yep. Well he said the guy got $20 million for his campaign. Yeah, like that's the game. Like y'all can't be mad because he, because he want to do it. But y'all know how it goes. It's cool when they do it. It's the problem when we do it. And, and and nobody's saying that by the way. We don't know if any if that is true and nobody's saying that is. Right. Right. That is right. All we're simply saying is I wonder how many politicians take illegal contributions like this If, you looked under the hood.


How many people are doing things like Mayor Eric Adams? I'm not saying that it's right either way, it's just a question. It's a statement. It's an observation. Alright, well get it off your chest. 805 8 5 1 0 5 1 9. When we come back we got just with the mess with Laura LaRosa. We do. There has been a guilty verdict in the murder of Young Dolph. So we are gonna talk about that. All right, we'll get into that. Next. It's The Breakfast Club. Good morning The. Breakfast Club.


Hibernation season is over and it's time to get some sun outside. Gather your crew and hit the road in the spacious 2024 Nissan Pathfinder your gateway to larger than life adventures with spacious seating for eight and available panoramic moonroof. Everyone can enjoy the journey and soak in the scenery of the great Outdoors. Plus with an available towing capacity of up to 6,000 pounds. And an available intelligent four wheel drive feature with seven drive modes. You can take your favorite toys while adventuring on new terrains. Seize the thrill and start exploring with the 2024 Nissan Pathfinder today. Head over to Nissan usa.com to learn more Intelligent All-wheel drive cannot prevent conditions or provide enhanced traction in all conditions. Always monitor traffic and weather conditions. Towing capacity varies by configuration. See Nissan Towing Guide and Owner's manual for additional information. Always secure cargo


In this selection, we each face a question, what kind of country do we want to live in? We choose freedom. Freedom, the freedom not just to get by, but get ahead. The freedom to make decisions about your own body. We believe in the promise of America and we are ready to fight for it because when we fight, we win. We win. I'm Gonna keep on running because a winner don't quit on themselves. Paid for by Harris. For president


From producer LeBron James and director Sidney Freeland comes Res ball. A new Netflix film. Res Ball is an underdog basketball story deeply rooted in Native American culture. In the heart of Chesca new Mexico, the Chesca Warriors, a high school basketball team faced their greatest challenge after the loss of their star player. The team must unite like never before to keep their dreams of a state championship alive. Reg Ball is rated PG 13 and now playing only on Netflix.


Everyone loves getting good advice and staying in the know. And there's nothing like getting a heads up on something before you've even had time to think about whether you need it or want it. Well, thankfully, at and t provides personalized recommendations and solutions so you get what's right for you. Whether right for you means a plan that's better suited for you and your family, or a product that makes sense for you and your lifestyle. It feels good knowing at and t has your back. They take out all the guesswork and the stress letting you get back to simply doing you. Whether you're a dedicated entrepreneur, a multihyphenate creative, a busy parent, or all the above, you deserve a service provider that gets you and your needs to relax. And let at and t provide proactive recommendations to help empower your best connected life.


State Farm Insurance gets it. Representation alone doesn't equate to authenticity. State Farm understands and wants to help protect our communities by investing in our future building off the hard work our parents have done before us. We all are looking to create generational wealth so that our families and generations behind us have a better starting point than we did. That begins with financial literacy. State Farm helps fund programs like Project Ready, a National Urban League program committed to the educational achievement of black and brown youth. To date participants have been awarded over $11 million in scholarships offers as a direct result of contributions from State Farm at Eating Wall Broke. We hear inspiring rags to richest stories on each episode from our guest. But with State Farm, you can begin to write your own success story. State Farm believes that being better neighbors creates better communities and have a long lasting impact. Like a good neighbor. State Farm is there.


Morning everybody. It's DEJ NV Jess, hilarious. Charlamagne the guy We are The Breakfast Club. Lauren la filling in for Jess. And let's get to just with the mess with Lauren. La Rosa News is real. Jessica Robin Moore just don't do no lie. She don't stir nobody Worldwide, worldwide Mess On The Breakfast Club. She's the coach. Lauren, Lauren LaRosa. I back And. I got the mess. Talk to me. So yesterday Justin Johnson, one of the shooters in the Young Dolph case was found guilty. He was found guilty of first degree murder conspiracy to commit first degree murder felon, and then being a felon in possession of a firearm.


After his co-defendant Cornelius Smith Jr. Provided testimony. We went through that testimony earlier in this week. Now he was sentenced immediately after the verdict was read. He was sentenced to life in prison. Johnson was the only one on trial this week. And originally he did plead not guilty. Now Cornelius Smith, who provided the testimony, who's also charged with first degree murder for killing Dolph and and who provided that, that testimony will be charged later. So he'll actually be charged on November 15th. He'll appear November 15th. And then Govin Hernandez Govin, who was the guy that put them onto the hit. He's back in court on October 9th.


Originally. Smith and Govin were supposed to be in court on September 30th, but that was reset after the verdict. And immediately after the verdict was entered, the defense asked for an acquittal. And that's common. Normally prosecutors do that. That's common. They'll put in a motion to acquit following You know something like this. But it was instantly, it's gonna be denied. The judge denied the motion already. Actually, yeah, the judge the has actually already denied demotion. So we'll just have to wait for the other people to be sentenced. But because of that testimony, it's like a yo slam dunk. Yeah, we can hear you now. You couldn't you couldn't hear us the whole time. Yo. Yo. Can you hear us? I don't think he can hear us. You don't know we in it.


Yeah. He was found guilty yesterday. He's Yes. He was given life in prison. Yep. And it's just so sad that that brother lost his life over nothing. You know what I mean? Yes. Over what they wanted was a hundred thousand dollars break down, yo yo, yo yo yo yo yo 40,000 a piece. And and the person that set it up was getting 10,000 from each. It was, it was just disgusting that, that, that a life was lost over some money. Very much And I Wanna take a listen to the verdict being read in the courtroom to Justin? We the jury find the defendant guilty of conspiracy to commit first degree murder as charged in count one of the indictment. We the jury find defendant, the defendant guilty of first degree murder as charged in count two of the indictment.


And we, the jury find the defendant guilty of convicted felon in possession of a firearm as charged in count three of the indictment. Thank you. The jury having found you guilty of conspiracy to commit first degree murder. First degree murder, and convicted felon in possession of a firearm as the 13th juror, I affirmed this verdict as to the first degree murder I sentenced you to life in prison. Now Justin did not testify for himself. And this all happened. The jury, I Didn't change nothing either. That's my, The jury took under four hours to deliberate and decide this. It was three days of testimony. This was the fourth day. Now we do have a reaction.


Do's sister who had been in the courtroom, she actually testified one of the the days as well too. She spoke to the media after the verdict was read. Let's take a listen. We asked that instead of focusing on those who committed this crime, you focused on the man that Adolf Robert Thornton was, regardless of the name that you may know him as such as Adolf Dolf or Young Dolph. We asked you to remember the man who enjoyed being a father and spending time with his family. We ask that you remember the man who enjoyed giving opportunities to those who are often overlooked and counted out. We ask that you remember the man who enjoyed giving back to others and being an inspiration and knowing that they are seen and could change their outcomes and the lives of others by doing something positive.


Now that was his sister Mia also spoke out yesterday. You know Mia came up here and talked about her black men deserve to go old organization. Yes. And she said, today's verdict brings relief and restores my confidence in the justice system. And remember she was here, she was saying that they felt like they weren't getting answers to certain things that they deserved answers to. And they were finding out stuff literally on the news. So she said that her belief in the justice system has been restored on behalf of her family and herself. She'd like to think law enforcement, the prosecution and everyone involved for their diligent work the past three years have marked the loss of Adolf. And the events leading to the trial have been incredibly frustrating. Her faith she says, has been tested, but AOL's tragic execution has only strengthened her resolve to fight for justice. Not only for him, but for other black men.


So You know, hoping that this brings some comfort to the family and the, the rest of the guys, once they're You know, sentenced and stuff will bring some comfort to the family as well too. I mean, it's so sad. And that as a community we gotta smarten up. I mean, the fact that this brother lost his life, he's no longer gonna be with his wife. He's no longer gonna be with his kids for some money. Some money. A hundred thousand dollars was worth that man's life. And they didn't even get paid a hundred thousand. They got paid $800 and now that man is no longer here. And now you're serving life in prison. You'll never get out. You'll never see the outside ever again over some money. Right? Well, yeah. I think Charlotte was trying to come back. And I think we had him on too. Now can you hear him now? Go ahead.


I don't even feel like talking no more. Yeah. So sad. Oh yeah, it is really sad. So sending there me a big, big hug. 'cause they had to be test like You know. I can't imagine hearing all that testimony as well too. So she's gonna have to With the family, I mean, deal with, I mean it's all online. It's just so sad, man. Yep. And, and, and what do has done for that city and how he's helped out city from the Turkey drives to the toy giveaways, to giving back to communities, to scholarships to all that stuff. Man, y'all lost a good brother. Man. Lost a brother. I will say, I will say this though, I don't think we should blame that on a whole community. Those are two individuals who made a poor choice. And, and And I. I don't know the whole details of the situation, but it just sounded like a a a couple of brothers who made a poor choice.


I don't think you can blame that on a whole community because somebody like Dolph was a, a great example of a brother doing good for his hood. Yeah. And doing good for his community. And it's just sad that he got killed in his community by a couple of brothers who decided to make a poor choice. Yep. And when I say community, I mean we have to do better. Not just this doll situation. We have to do better with gun violence. We have to do better with controlling our emotions. We have to do better with beef. We have to do. 'cause I mean the way that, that people are dying so crazy in the last couple of years. It just seems like people don't, nobody has value for life and that's Individuals have to make better choices. That's why I stress You know just investing in your, in your, in your personal mental health because you gotta be the change you wanna see in The.


World. Like none of the none, no community, no environment is going to change until the people in the environment make a conscious decision to change is individuals. I agree. Alright, well that is just with the mess with Long LA So now when we come back, we got front page news with Morgan. It's The. Breakfast Club. Good morning, You are checking out The Breakfast Club. Morning everybody. It's DJ EJ NV Jess a Larry Charlamagne, the guy we are The Breakfast Club. Long La Rosa filling in for Jess. And let's get in some front page news. Morgan, let's get right to it after football scores. Alright, let's do It. It don't matter what the score was, but just know that the Dallas Cowboys beat the New York Giants last night. Our record is two and two. The New York giants are one in three. Okay, let's just throw that out there.


You know what else is insufferable. Hurricane Helene. This, we're now dealing with the aftermath of a hurricane. Because the hurricane has been downgraded to a tropical storm. Helene still has maximum sustained winds of 70 miles per hour as it rolls across southern Georgia and is still causing heavy rains and life-threatening storm surge. A tropical storm warning remains in effect for parts of northern Florida. And a storm surge warning is in effect for Florida's Big Bend region where Helene first came ashore as the strongest hurricane in history to hit Florida's Big Bend region. Now the storm should weaken as it moves inland. Though damaging winds are still expected in parts of the southeastern US and into Southern Appalachians. Tornadoes are also possible in the morning in Eastern Georgia, the Carolinas and Southern Virginia.


Now President Biden and BP Harris spoke about the storm yesterday at an event at the White House urging people to take it seriously and also noted that FEMA resources are available to areas impacted by the storm. Three deaths have been reported as a result of the storm two in Florida, one in Georgia, and a host of outages in the path of that storm. So we are of course sending people in the path of that storm well wishes and make sure you take advantage of those resources that are available now President Biden and VP Harris and the White House Office of Gun Violence and Prevention announced new executive orders yesterday to improve school-based active shooter drills to combat the emerging threats of machine gun conversion devices like switches 3D printing.


And they also increase funding for community violence intervention. Here's a quick clip from President Biden regarding that announcement. Talk about reducing crime If. you wanna talk about reducing crime and violence in America? You need to talk about guns in America. So on Thursday, both the BP and the President noted that a nu the number one cause of death for children in America is gun violence. And they said that must change. They said while they're still in favor of the Second Amendment, they agree it is time to reinstate an assault weapons ban and pass common sense gun laws. I think you guys should have action Jackson on here to talk more about that, those efforts because it is it You know Action Jackson call.


Well, he, God bless the dead. I thought he passed away. No, no, not that accident. I'm, I call he's, that's what he calls himself. His name is Gregory Jackson. He's the head of the White House Office of Gun Violence and Prevention. But oh, mainly it's about, it's about having You know the awareness. I mean, we talked about it before, but they're making these efforts to make sure that people are aware that You know guns are killing people at disparaging rates. And it's unnecessary to the level that it is. There was a busy, busy day at the White House yesterday. So of course President Biden and Vice President Harris State hosted Ukraine, president Vladimir Zelensky and they are ref reaffirming their support for Ukraine. Let's hear from Biden and Harris in regards to those efforts.


Go ahead. To be clear, Russia will not prevail in war. Russia will not prevail. Ukraine will prevail and will continue to stand by you every step of the way. I've been proud to stand with Ukraine. I will continue to stand with Ukraine. And I will work to ensure Ukraine prevails in this war. So of course this comes as the Ukrainian president visited the White House and the war against Russia rages on. Now, Zelensky also spoke. He's presenting his victory plan in separate meetings with President Biden and Vice President Harris. The Ukrainian president is set to push for more immediate help to fight off Russia's invasion and will ask for long-term security guarantees that may stay in place after the American leadership changes.


Let's hear from Zelensky Today. We are preparing to discard the details, to strengthen the plaque orate our position's, views and approach. Our teams will work together to ensure that implementation of our future steps. I wonder how much it costs to win a war You. know what I mean? Like, like what is the number? Like how, what, is there a number that people know where they say, Hey If, you spend this much money on a war, you're probably gonna win the war. It's like You know with presidential campaigns, they know If, you spend You know a certain amount of money. It's a great chance that you'll probably win the election. Like I wonder how much it cost to win a war. Well, it depends. I'm sure who you're warrant with and how much money they have. 'cause If, you spend a hundred and they spend a hundred, I mean, or or they spend 200.


So I guess it has to be with, with whoever you're fighting, how much they're spending as well. But that's my point. How much did it cost to win a wall? It gotta be big bank tank, little bank, right? Absolutely. Yeah. It's definitely who got the most money. So I think that's essentially where Zelensky is coming from. He's looking for support from us and of course those other NATO allies. Speaking of which, I wonder what That number is. I really wanna know what that number is. Yeah, I, well I'll look into that for you and see if I could have that for you on Monday. Meanwhile, president, former President Donald Trump, he is meeting with Zelensky today. Let's hear what Trump has to say in regards to that meeting. As You know, president Zelensky is asked to meet with me. And I will be meeting with him tomorrow morning at around 9 45 in Trump Tower.


Europe is paying only a small fraction of the money that the United States of America is paying. And we have an ocean between Russia and ourselves. They don't Mm. Zelisky having that just in case meeting. He was like, You know, just in case Donald Trump does win in November. Let me make sure we Still good. That's right. Absolutely. So Trump says he does have a plan about negotiating the end of the war between Ukraine and Russia. He again, asserted the war would not have even started if he was president. And again, they will meet later today. Zelensky and Trump, at Trump Towers. So yeah, we'll see what happens as a result of that. And I will look into that for you.


Charlamagne, I got a, what is the cost of war? I got a Forbes article, but this is just for comparison and it says in 20 years, since September 11, 22, 2, 2001, this was in 2021, the United States has spent more than 2 trillion on the war in Afghanistan. That's $300 million per day. Jesus Christ. Every day for two decades or $50,000 for each Afghan afghanistan's, 40 million people. That's a lot of money. So this, they're saying 20 years since September 11th. So yeah, it would've been 2021 is when these numbers came out in Forbes. And they said in that time it's been 2 trillion that equaled to $300 million per day every day for two decades. Jesus. And that's just Afghanistan.


That's not even counted. That's just, yeah, that's just what we focused on with Afghanistan. So we just printing money. I'll send you this article. We just printing money because I didn't fully read through it. But that's the No thank you for that, Lauren. No, for real. It does give insight. She, well that's your front page news. Follow me on social. I'm Morgan Wood. You can follow me at Morgan Media. And for more news coverage, make sure you're listening to the Black Information Network. Download that free iHeartRadio app and visit us@bnnews.com. Y'all have a great weekend. That's a lot. You too now. Alright, now when we come back, a w World champion, swerves Strickland will be joining us. Alright. We gonna kick it with him when we come back. He also has a new EP out motion sickness. It's The. Breakfast. Club. Good morning The. Breakfast Club.


Morning everybody. It's DJ Envy. Jess hilarious Charlamagne guy. We are The Breakfast. Club. Long, the Rosa of filling in for Jess. We got a special guest in the building. Yes it Is. We have Swerve Strickland. Ladies and gentlemen, What's going on? What's Going on? Everybody? Superstar? Yes sir. Former A EW World champion. Congratulations. Yes. First Black, a w World champion. There you go. And one of the last ones in the last decade and the industry wide. So I'm really proud of that. Now How did you get into wrestling? Tell us that story. What made you say You? know what mom, dad, I wanna be a wrestler. It was mainly mom. So I went to the military right after high school, like two weeks after I graduated high school. My mom literally was our, my recruiter and she was also my sister's recruiter.


So she got us, she both recruited us, civilian wise, civilian recruiter. Got us both recruited to the same unit. And. I went three years after my sister went in, did my two week, two months in basic training. Did my eight weeks, eight months after that. So I didn't come home for like another 10 months after this. I'm 16, 17 years old doing this on my own. Come back And, I was just like You know what? Like I was working a job. I was, my first job was at Comcast Cable. I was a like in installing cable in people's homes. Then I went to like, I got laid off from that job. Then I went to just packing trucks at UPS at four in the morning. And. I was like, all right, You know what, if I'm gonna be doing this, I'm gonna be working hard.


I'm gonna do, I'm gonna work hard at something that I'm passionate about. Something that like I don't think I can do. And pro wrestling was just something I was just passionate about since I was 12. And I was like you was watching, you Was a wrestling fan. Oh yeah, yeah, yeah. Like it was the video games that really got me hooked. It was my friends. Which one? Smack down. Shut your mouth. Got you, got you, got you, Got you, got you. That was the one. It's just like, the roster was crazy. The stories was crazy and this was the athleticism. But Ray Mysterio is the one that really got Me very underrated wrestler. I think Ray Mysterio Is, he's the greatest lucid of all time. And I think like his impact is just like crosses over so much and so big respect to Uncle Ray. He's still a good friend of mine, I would say. It was just like, okay, I had the military to fall back on if anything was to happen.


So I had that. Let me move down to Virginia from Pennsylvania. Lemme start my wrestling career. I called this promoter, Dave McLeod told me to come through. I moved down Sunday. I was training on Tuesday. My mom paid my first month's tuition and then I had a month to get a job to pay for it the rest of the way. And sure enough, that's what, that was the rest of my journey. So you, You come from a military family though, right? Yeah. Like your parents? Both. Both of 'em or My, my dad. Yeah. Okay. My dad was served in De Desert Storm. Damn. So What made you want to get into it? Just because your dad did it or It was something my mom thought was a good foundation to start my So you didn't have a Choice. Life a man. Your mom was like, your mom made you. Yeah. You must be bad too though. Yeah. That's seen 16, 17, they shipping you off to the military. 16 you said Hey.


Yeah, 16. Yeah, I graduated at 17. I was like, boom. Two weeks later I was on a bus. Damn. Yeah. But it wasn't bad. It was just like, I'm actually like, man, I wanna just go out and do what my friends are doing. I want to like You know, see The World. I wanna like have fun. Let me at least like sleep on the couch for two weeks. Gimme something. But that's what started me to learn how to be a man and to go after things. Not because like, man, oh, this is something you can kind of put off. No. If If you don't do it yourself, it's not getting done. Yeah. Like You know, I gotta learn to shave, I gotta learn to do my laundry, I gotta learn to buy a plane ticket. I gotta learn to do all these things. And I did it because I was in a po. I was put in a position that I didn't have the choice. I had to learn it. I had to be these, I had to put myself in these situations.


And so when I started my wrestling journey in my career, I was like comfortable. I was like, well, what's the worst that could happen? Oh, You know what, let me try that. Let me do that. And it's like that fear and that confidence, that fear went away. My confidence grew and that's like resonated with my work and my wrestling. And you entered in into WWE E at first? No. No. That that came like 10 years later. Okay. So how, what was the build like? What was the journey up like what Independence? So my first year in wrestling, 2008, I started training August, 2008. And my first match was until March of 2009. Within that time I was training, I had the military, so I had to do my drills from Virginia all the way back up to Pennsylvania. That's a four hour drive. Whoa. Once a month. Had to get a job.


Started school ITT, tech and drafting and design. So all that was going on. But then later of 2009, my oldest daughter was born. So now I like, ooh, that's like, okay, that's I'm, I'm taking on too you that money, I'm taking on too much at that 18, something has to go. And so school had to get rid of school, found odd jobs here and there. My mom got me a job working at a cemetery, like just doing like groundskeeper work, picking up on the grass and all that stuff. That's really what my, my daughter being born, my oldest And I. That's really what sparked me. I was like, okay, this has to work now. So what, what Did these wrestling matches happen? Because You know, independent wise, when You Google stuff, you see like wrestling Matches in Mexico or, or Yeah, that's, that's the independence. That's the grind. So that's where you would wrestle. So you just Yeah, I would do tours in Mexico.


Like I didn't start doing tours till the UK in 2013, but before that I would get a connect. That guy would link me to this promoter and then I would just go to the show and just sit and watch.


Hibernation season is over and it's time to get some sun outside. Gather your crew and hit the road in the spacious 2024 Nissan Pathfinder your getaway to larger than life adventures with spacious seating for eight and available panoramic moon roof. Everyone can enjoy the journey and soaky in the scenery of the great outdoors. Plus with an available towing capacity of up to 6,000 pounds. And an available intelligent four-wheel drive feature with seven drive modes. You can take your favorite toys while victory on new terrains. Seize the thrill and start sw with the 2024 Nissan Pathfinder today. Head over to Nissan usa.com to learn more intelligent. All-wheel drive cannot prevent collisions or provide enhanced traction in all conditions. Always monitor traffic and weather conditions. Towing capacity varies by configuration. See Nissan Towing Guide and Owner's manual for additional information. Always secure cargo


In this election. We each face a question, what kind of country do we want to live in? We choose freedom. Freedom, the freedom not just to get by, but get ahead. The freedom to make decisions about your own body. We believe in the promise of America and we are ready to fight for it. Because when we fight, we win win. Winner don't themselves Paid for by Harris. For president,


From producer LeBron James and director Sidney Freeland comes Res ball. A new Netflix film Res Ball is an underdog basketball story deeply rooted in Native American culture. In the heart of Chesca new Mexico, the Chesca Warriors, a high school basketball team faced their greatest challenge after the loss of their star player. The team must unite like never before to keep their dreams of a state championship Alive. Res Ball is rated PG 13 and now playing only on Netflix.


Seeing our communities grow and thrive is something we care deeply about. Here at Black Tech Green Money State, Farm Insurance also cares about the growth of black communities. They're actively investing in programs and initiatives that help provide financial literacy, give early career advice, and grow black-owned businesses. Thus leading to generational wealth, which helps protect the future of our communities. We wanna build a future that we all can be proud of. State Farm understands that representation alone doesn't equate to authenticity. It also requires active sponsorship of programs like The Axo, a year long program that recognizes and rewards high school students for their academic and cultural achievements. Along with funding programs like Project Ready, a National Urban League program committed to educational achievement of black and brown youth that has awarded over $11 million in scholarship offers to date. State Farm believes that being better neighbors creates better communities and can have a long lasting impact. Like a good neighbor, State Farm is there.


You could sit there and listen to ads or you could take a moment to have a Diet Coke break. First, grab a chill diet Coke. 'cause If, you want to be perfect. It needs to be crispy. Next, get a big cup of ice. 'cause everyone knows Diet Coke is best served swimming in ice. Then sip it slowly, feel that burn and enjoy your break for as long as possible. When you need a break, don't forget to grab an ice cold Diet Coke and take a Diet Coke break.


It's the show in hopes of like, hopefully I can get booked. So I would help stack put the chairs away. I would help like, Hey, do anything you need. I'm here. I'm like, I live like not that long, not far away. I, I can be back here this time. So how Do You know who you wrestling? Because usually wrestling is like you. We have to know what we, what, what, what each other's doing. So now they just throw in a ring and you just be like, go. You just figuring it out. You just figure it out. That's part of the, that's part of it. Were you Mimicking moves you saw in the video game Or All the time. Okay. When I first got in, I was just doing like, I thought this was cool. I thought like, I used to do this all the time. It hit the button, it would work. So I was like that. I translate that. But then when I started training, I was like really finding out. I was like, yo, that this doesn't, this isn't me. I don't, I shouldn't be doing this.


Then like, but getting in the ring, you find that stuff out. So that's where I was like, I need to get in the ring more. I need to get in the ring with people. I, I like, I don't like I that match me. That don't match me. I need to give with people a variety of talents and body shapes and all this stuff, tags this, all that. So I just like spread my variety of like knowing who I am and figure out who I am and then like also understand how to get better and how to make myself an asset on any show with any promoter. Gotcha. How'd you get the name Swerve? Big Sean, man, I'm a big, big Sean fan. Oh yeah? Does he know that? Hopefully, Hopefully this gets out there and, but Big Sean, I'm a big fan of yours. I actually talk to say it ain't tone a lot and he was the one that will help write, I don't f with you and stuff.


So like I have, I'm like a degree away from Sean. I never met him, but when Mercy came out, that was over. That was hard. And I was like And I was looking for like a, a nickname. I was like Shane Strickland at the time. I named my name myself, Shane because I like the, the rhythm of like Shane Strickland. Yeah, yeah. I was like, cool. But I also, I had a cat named Shane that ran away and when I lived in Germany, but that's another story itself. But it was just like, I needed like a boxing acronym, like Sugar Shane Mosley something, something something like You know And I was like Swerve. I was like, that's it. Wow. Because it just felt like it was like a hip hop crossover and it felt smooth and it felt right. Tal Luther Big Sean. So how different is Stefon Strickland from Swerve Strickland? I feel like Swerve Strickland is a persona that's just my child.


Like wander, just put on display. I have a lot of things about myself as a child watching a lot of cartoons, watching a lot of like anime, playing a lot of these video games, doing like listening to music. I listen to watching the movies that I watch. I take all those things and that's combined to make what Swerve is. And as the years If, you watch me from 20 13, 20 12 I would say is really where it started taking off. And in 13, 14, 15, you saw the Swerve persona just mature and grow. So that's why I'm really proud about what Swerve has become. 'cause you saw, you've ultimately seen Swerves age of 10 years plus, and now you're, but a lot of people are just seeing it from like 2020 2 23 on now.


But If, you go back in my career, you've seen Swerve the origin of that 20 20 12. All right, we got more with Swerve Strickland when we come back. Don't move. It's The. Breakfast, Club. Good morning. Morning everybody. It's Djj Envy. Jess. Hilarious. Charlamagne the guy We are The Breakfast. Club. Lauren, LA Rosa. Filling in for Jess. We're still kicking it with professional wrestler from the A EW. Swrve. Strickland. Charlemagne You Know, I, I asked Mercedes the same question 'cause You know I'm from the era where it was WCW and then WWE was everything. Yeah. Yeah. So when you see people leave WWE to go the companies like a EW, to me that's unheard of. 'cause I, I thought WWE was the cream of the crop. So what? Yeah, what made you walk away from wwe? I, it wasn't my choice. It was just like we got fired.


Oh yeah, fired. Okay. Okay. Yeah. But it was like my own, my, I did something. It was just a political landscape of things. It was like the pandemic people coming outta the pandemic. It was a lot of like layoffs going up and down offices, talent. Like, you're me and you would have a match Wednesday, you fired on Friday. I'm like, what happened? Wow. Like you were literally booked so you didn't do anything wrong, but it was just like these cutting costs left and right. So a lot of people felt the effects of that. And it was out of our hands. It was out of like triple H's hands. There's nothing he could do. It was just like, it was just so high up. Then eventually we got drafted as SmackDown, as a group, as hit row. And that's why I was like, like with Vince McMahon finally listening to him now and talking with him, it wasn't very long.


I didn't get a lot of time up there. But just that little bit, that little glimpse of that window is enough to like change my mindset to make me better. Is it someplace you would wanna go back to? Like You know, let me build myself up an a w then maybe go to w Nah, I'm happy with building a, I'm happy with building myself an A. Alright. A W's given me something that I don't think WW could ever give me. Right. And then I'm really proud of that. And I waved the flag proudly because Tony Khan didn't take a chance on me. You know he knew what he wanted from me and he put me in the position and he was like, now grow. And I'm like, okay, what Adam News do I have to grow? He's like, whatever you want. There was no parameters, there was no red tape. And I learned how to just become like a true businessman on top of just a professional wrestler.


That's why the mogul persona is truly personified in Aw. It's literally let me be my best self as a man and a professional. That's what They gave you. They gave you that they gave you instilled that independence entrepreneurial spirit in you. Yes. It's crazy. Your Mercedes answers are basically like identical. Kind of same. Yes. Yeah. It's it's beautiful. I haven't even listened to her. Yeah. And you, you bought your, your mother's childhood home. Oh, your childhood home. I did in a sense. Okay, Break that down My man. Nine. I hear manager. As soon as that we got that contract, we took the bonus money and we went back to where, a spot where I grew up on where we moved from back from Germany. And I was a military brat and we settled on the place and was like, yo, we got a chance to actually make a bid for it.


So we make the bid actually bought the property and sure enough, we, it was in, it's still in my name, the property and the land's still in my name. But as you can see If, you watch a rival of mine that's, we've been going on Blood Feud for a year now. Hangman page. I despise this man and he hates me probably more In real life. You gotta watch the C You gotta watch the CI watch The show. Wait, continue what you do to the house. Yeah, because I was listen. Oh, Y'all, y'all in? Yeah. Yeah. Y'all invested. Yeah. So went to the contract signing on TV on Dynamite. He doesn't show up. Pops up on the screen. You see that Hangman is actually at the house that I purchased and it's like, hasn't been remodeled or anything yet. This man walks in pouring gasoline all over the place. And, I can't do anything.


I don't like he's there. I'm here. Don't know if it's a live feed. Don't know if it happened already. We don't know if it's pre-taped or nothing goes in, sits down on the couch on a, like an, and it's an old couch. I remember this couch when I was little. It was an old couch. He sat back, he sat down on, on the, out on the front lawn, like to match. And the match runs all the way around and goes in the house and burns down right in front of me on live TV. Is Did y'all plan That? I couldn't plan that. Why Isn't he in jail for Arson? Is he being arson? Yeah, I'm asking the same thing. I'm like, you gotta turn the snitch strickling. I'm asking the same thing. You gotta tell on him this now you gotta beat his ass now, now you gotta take outside the ring.


How Did your family feel? Yeah, I have yet to talk to my mom about that. You know I should call her. When did this Air, Like maybe two, three weeks ago. Maybe. Maybe longer. Maybe longer. Three Weeks ago my mom would've been called me. So Have you seen him in the street? Any of these? Do you have to fight in the, in the, in the ring. Do you see him in the street and just punch in The face? So the next time I saw him since after that we had all out the pay-per-view in Chicago. Yeah. I had the cage match. The cage match. That was the last time I saw him. And 10,000 people sold out. Matter of fact, that was like maybe what, four days between then we were at six, 7,000 tickets sold. That aired. We went to 10,000 sold out. Boom. We made an event an unsanctioned match. Unsanctioned means a w wipe their wipes, their hands cleans of anything that happens in this match.


Oh, y'all could Kill each Other. We can do whatever we want. And they, and is, there's no lawsuits. So we take, we have to take it a little bit above You know the ramifications of what? Just a regular street fighter. Hardcore a regular cage match usually is. So have the cage match. He's, I bring out the cinder block. I drop him his head on, on a solid cinder block bow. He power bombs my back on the cinder block solid. I still have sciatic nerve damage on my back from this. Then he takes, he pulls out a from his jacket coat a syringe, a hypodermic, a hypodermic needle. And he takes it and pokes it right through my cheek stabs me and it goes all the way through. What Soap opera is this?


Is that why you been my a you still getting yourself Together? I'm still trying to figure myself out by now. He's such a what was in the Medically cleared Still? Yeah. What was in his syringe? What was in the syringe? I don't know. I didn't put it in there. You Didn't check. How Could I check? It came outta his jacket. Hell, You could check the syringe. You go to the doctor, See what was in his, you said the syringe was in His bed. He stabbed me. And then he takes a, a holding metal chair. Bashes over my head. Goes right through. I I knocked out completely. He won. He won. Did he He won. Jesus. It won by knockout. But still to this day, that man has yet to pin has yet to actually pin me or make me submit. So lemme ask you a Question. He beat me. So during that where your peoples at, they ain't jumping in the ring and help you. It is a cage out. They're locked out. Yeah. So you not you still not medically cleared? I'm not medically not, no, I'm not medically clear. So what's the point in doing all of that?


What the, what's the Point in, because then you can't fight right now. It, it's passion was the money that Do it for that cage. You gotta Gotta point to his crib. Man. Yo, like I said, I already saw my new co my contract extension. I'm set. Okay. But I still want to do these matches because I'm passionate about this business. I'm passionate about my company. She Asked you if the money was good. Something something was said about you that I've never heard. They said people in the wwe e felt your contract was above market price. Yeah. Yeah. How I've never heard nobody, anybody complain unless they got too much money. They only Complain when a black person gets paid. Yeah, I'll say that. When it gets paid. And that's what's, once again, we shake the foundation of things like that because it's like, oh snap wait. That's not what we would pay. I'm like, then why are you calling me? Why, why are you asking me? Right. You know.


Like, if if I'm not your concern, don't worry about it. Yeah. Don't worry about my pockets and our money. We good. Like you got, you have your talent and you had, like, you made your decision with me two years ago. No hard feelings for me. Boom. I keep it moving. I'm gonna figure my way out and I'm gonna build myself up. Is It true they tried to resign you? Yeah. The yeah. Yeah. Okay. Well It wasn't like the words resign. They asked about my availability. You know. So that was like came up. But they never contacted me. They contacted my representation and I'm at a stage now, which I enjoy the fact that I don't have that direct contact. When, when you are progressing and getting higher and you like in rooms with guys like, like people like you and stuff, you gotta kind of keep a little bit of a space in between these type of conversations.


'cause it's like, you can check my phone. It's never been there. Like I never had direct contact. It's always I want to keep that little space. But it has been, it has been, communication has been reached out. Now I've seen the reaction. I I met you in the airport and like just, just are stopping to have a conversation. People was walking by Swerve You. know what I mean? Yeah, yeah. So people you definitely having an impact In New York is bigger than I thought. We just, me, me and my man Flash Garis, we just did Sneaker Con in Coney Island like two days ago. And there's like big names walking around. You know, like Queen Flip walking around. You got like, You know a lot of like Stefan Marbury's walking around there. But I'm getting a lot of shoutouts. I'm like, like yo, I watched it all the time. I'm like, we're like, and they're like, oh man.


Like oh my God, I just watched the paper. Are you okay? Are you like checking on me? I'm like, there's a lot of people. And it's like, wow, this is like growing bigger than I ever expected. Like the impact. And so it's like, how can you with that kind of stuff, it's like you can't see that kind of interaction on social media and Twitter. Interactions and comments are never gonna show you the impact of an actual person. And like, giving you that type of love. And. I appreciate that. That's like, that's my market value right there. That explains it to me. 'cause it's like these are, these people aren't commenting, telling you all this stuff. Right? These people are here with you in person. These people are gonna show up wherever you go. People are gonna buy your product and wear it with pride and show like, yo, this is my guy.


I'm rooting for him. No matter what he does, I'm gonna be there. You know. All right, well Keep it locked. We got more with Swrve Strickland when we come back. Is The Breakfast. Club. Good morning. Morning everybody. We are The Breakfast. Club. We're still kicking in with Swerve Strickland, the wrestler from the A EW. Charlemagne. What Do you want more? You want to, you wanna get back on Hangman more or getting your title back? Mm, that's a good question. Maybe one day it might be one and the same. 'cause Hangman's on a streak right now. He is like on a war path in a lot of ways. Him pressing me has made him better. Mm. And I brought out something great in him that eventually with my absence, he probably will be a world champion again. So maybe at that time I'll get both. I get my get back and The World Championship at the same time.


But that's the effect of what Swerve brings to this roster of Ali Wrestling. I make your guy better and in turn he makes me better. So it's almost like we're slinking each other. Like he pulls me up to the main event. And I become this main event. And I make History First Black a w World champion, first black world champion at Main Event Wembley Stadium ever in history of that building. And then boom cage match. I can't do nothing with him. He takes me out, my body's wrecked. He comes, he becomes better. I bring, I bring him back to the main event scene. We're killing each other, but at the same time we're bettering each other at the same time in the product. And you, You do music too, right? Yes Sir. You rap? Oh yeah, yeah. Okay, okay, okay. Yeah. Yep. I got three albums out with my group member Swerve in Swerve City, Montey.


He's been signed with Ruff Ryder back in the day when he was like 17 years old. And he taught me everything I know about rap. And then me and my man Flash garments, like last month, put out a project motion sickness. And he's took me to another level. 'cause he's been on the writing team with Kanye West on the Donda album. You know, we went to the Grammys together two years ago and watched our producer Prophet win two Grammys for the songs that he put out. So I'm in a great team and window with these guys. You know. So I'm learning at the later stage in my life, but I'm learning the right way rather than trying to go 10 years of doing it. Wrong, wrong, wrong, wrong, wrong. Yeah. We're doing great stuff with music right now and we're going to continue to do more. I have songs with Benny, the Butcher West Side.


Gunn's been on our records. West Side Big wrestling fan. Big, big, huge. I Don't know him personally, but I just know that he's a big wrestling Fan. Hilarious dude. Fun dude. Bun B is a mentor of mine becoming a mentor. Who Kids hosting our records. Born At West Side. Did you it walked you out or something? Yeah, Yeah, yeah, yeah. At Wembley. Wembley Stadium. Yeah. We're doing, we're doing a lot of great stuff, man. How'd you connect with them? Just all Just through the wrestling. My man, Albert Gentil, he's honestly the one that really personified the mogul character. The persona of what Swerve is is when I first came out, they really started getting motion to tag team champion and stuff. He brought Kevin Gates and we had Kevin Gates do something on the show. Fabulous. Came out with us on Grand Slam two years ago in New York.


Recently had Jim Jones do my intro, man, you name it. Like Flash. Brought Floyd Mayweather to sit front row in Vegas when I did my world title match. How important is it to merge culture with wrestling? It's, it is really big because people don't know what it is, what wrestling truly is until I would say support it. You gotta like something, whatever it is, you gotta see what you like and then it becomes, then you start supporting it. But you don't know what you like If, you don't watch it. And something that has to attract you to like it. And so doing all these things like, oh, that's a familiar face. If he's there, let me peek at it. Let me just check it out. And If, you check it out. You're like, oh, You know what I do like this. You know when, when's the show come on. When the next time they in town.


I got the kids, I got my girlfriend, I got this. Like I got my friends. You just, you gotta peak that interest a little bit. Just, just enough to get people to like something. Then the, when they like it enough and they wanna see it again, then it becomes an investment. The investment becomes like a group. The group becomes a community and the community becomes a fandom. And that's slowly but surely how like you kind of grow a product and you, and it may take two weeks, may take five months, may take three years. But my philosophy, my personal trainer, Nile, shout out to him. He tells me, like when we started training a year and a half ago, I was like 1 93. Now I got up to two 20. He got me to 2 15, 215 pounds in three months. He said 1% a day is 365% a year.


Mm. So just move 1% a day in a year. You're gonna triple with your investment, but you gotta just move one bit. That's my philosophy with everything I do. Music. Just get one new fan. Just get one new stream wrestling. Just get one new fan. Just get one guy to buy one shirt to move something forward every single day. You Got this. You dropping sneakers now, right? Yes. Yeah, we actually have them. That's why you were at sneaker car. Yeah. Yep. Yep. Okay. So with the Oh, you have 'em. Thanks. Last we brought the big pressures right here. That's my logo. So is this too just a part of You know understanding that like even fashion as culture connects? Absolutely. Okay. It's Fine. Yeah. And that's what it's about. Like it's it feel Light. Very, these are the, these are the shoes. I literally won The World Championship in. They kind of look like Jordan's.


Is that right? But I'm the first wrestler to have its own brand shoe. Wow. Okay. Yeah. Dope. And how Much are for people that wanna buy 'em, how can they buy 'em if they Want? We're gonna be, it is gonna be two 50 and we're gonna be bringing 'em out slowly, one by one, like by a link. And when we're gonna drop that link very, very soon. So be ready. And when that, when the link drops, soon as you click on make the order, it's coming to you swerve Strictly. Ladies and gentlemen. That's Right. We appreciate it. Following This morning at Swerve Confident on all social media platforms, man myself, flash garments. We got the motion sickness album out that has the big pressure Tri remix with BUN B and West Side Gun on there. With who? Kid hosting the entire album. Let's play it. Play it please. Let's, for the Love of God, let's play that.


Well, the Swerve Strickland. It's The Breakfast Club. Good morning. All right, well let's get to Jess with the Mess with Lauren la is real. Jessica Robin Moore just don't do no lie. Don't do She don't nobody. Jess worldwide mess on The. Breakfast Club. She's the Lauren. Lauren And. I got the Mess. Talk to me. See, I remember how Diddy's attorney, mark Aglio said that in the TMT documentary and outside of MDC, Brooklyn that Diddy's 1000 bottles of baby oil and lubricant in Balk or whatever was just probably because he shops at like Costco or something like that.


Yes. Very casually said that. Yep. Yep. Well, Costco has released a statement. They spoke to someone at TMZ and a spokesperson for Costco says none of the companies US locations carry baby oil. Even though Diddy's attorney, You know mention Costco and mentioned that he probably Brought the new bulk getting Costco says, we have nothing to do with the lubrication of booty holes anywhere in America. Hey, who all over there? 'cause we ain't coming. Oh, the, that wasn't wow me. I didn't think About that. Been nobody coming either. But it could be. Maybe he didn't think of Costco. It could have been BJ's. I think he was like, just casually speaking. But the fact that he said Ca Costco's multiple times, I instantly thought like, Hmm, I wonder if Costco's gonna fall away about this.


And then they reached out to figure out You. know what I mean? But does BJ's have baby oil? Who else does a a lot of that, that stuff. There's only Couple places you buy Sam's Club. Sam's Club, that's the other One. Yeah. I don't know nothing about no BJs. That's envy. He from the nineties. He grew up in the nineties in New York. So he know all about BJs. There's a BJ's that carries like bulk Mad BJs in bulk in the nineties in New York. Right. Envy. I'm looking at baby oil right now. They got, does BJ's have baby oil? They have pink lotion. What about That's mixed with coconut oil that has vegetable oil. No lubricant, canola oil. That not like what you need for your head. Lauren. Keep the s First of all, you don't let you been trying to be so smart. You ain't got no hair. You don't lay edges with oil. Oh, okay. Okay. You do put oil on your edges, but you don't lay it with them.


So it's not mind my business. Okay. No, I don't see baby, you try to keep the fried bay. Ah, be quiet. I don't see baby oil on BJ's website either. I do see a lotion that mixed that is mixed with coconut oil though. Yeah. So anyway, in Costco's, there's nothing on our website either. I did check after I saw the story. And they do have, however, and, and in the story this is listed, they do carry like different held hair products and Clinton jails that are sold for babies, but nothing that is actual baby oil. Now, in other Diddy news, there is a sex worker that provided a tape reportedly to federal prosecutors. Now, no. Listen, this actually might help Diddy's case versus heard it because You know his attorney has been saying for a while now, like, these like freak offs were just like not, there was no malice intended in any, like, in any, in any of this stuff.


The people that were involved we're consenting adults. And this is their bedroom. Why are we in their bedroom is what the attorney was saying. Right. So there's a, a sex worker who met with the feds on Wednesday in New York. He signed a pro for agreement, which allows him to speak to the investigators without prosecution, without fear of prosecution. Now the convo was about how did he got in touch with an


escort. Hibernation season is over and it's time to get some sun outside. Gather your crew and hit the road in the spacious 2024 Nissan Pathfinder your getaway to larger than life adventures with spacious seating for eight and available panoramic moonroof. Everyone can enjoy the journey and soaking in the scenery of the Great Outdoors Bus with an available to capacity of up to 6,000 pounds. And an available intelligent four-wheel drive feature with seven drive modes. You can take your favorite toys while victory on new terrains, seize the thrill, and start exploring with the 2024 Nissan Pathfinder today. Head over to Nissan usa.com to learn more intelligent all-wheel drive cannot prevent collisions or provide enhanced traction in all conditions. Always monitor traffic and weather conditions. Towing capacity varies by configuration. See Nissan Towing Guide and Owner's manual for additional information. Always secure cargo


That taking black jobs. Black Jobs, huh? Well, I'm sure he meant doctors, lawyers, and teachers. Right, right. Keep going. Entrepreneurs, CEOs. Nope. Supreme Court Justices probably not Presidents. Vice presidents. That's funny. Another day, another racist insult from Trump. Hey, speaking Of black jobs, I got a black job for You. What's that? Making sure The guy that said Black jobs never becomes president again. I'm Kamala Harris. Candidate for President And I approve this message Paid for by Harris for president


From Producer LeBron James and director Sidney Freeland comes Res ball. A new Netflix film. Res Ball is an underdog basketball story deeply rooted in Native American culture. In the heart of Chesca new Mexico, the Chesca Warriors, a high school basketball team based their greatest challenge after the loss of their star player, the team must unite like never before to keep their dreams of a state championship alive. Res Ball is rated PG 13 and now playing only on Netflix.


Seeing our communities grow and thrive is something we care deeply about. Here at Black Tech Green Money State Farm Insurance also cares about the growth of black communities. They're actively investing in programs and initiatives that help provide financial literacy, give early career advice, and grow black-owned businesses. Thus leading to generational wealth, which helps protect the future of our communities. We wanna build a future that we all can be proud of. State Farm understands that representation alone doesn't equate to authenticity. It also requires active sponsorship of programs like the Axo, a year long program that recognizes and rewards high school students for their academic and cultural achievements along with funding programs like Project Ready, A National Urban League program committed to educational achievement of black and brown youth that has awarded over $11 million in scholarship offers to date State Farm believes that being better neighbors creates better communities and can have the long lasting impact. Like a good neighbor. State Farm is there.


You could sit there and listen to ads or you could take a moment to have a Diet Coke break. First, grab a chill diet Coke 'cause If, you want it to be perfect. It needs to be crispy. Next, get a big cup of ice. 'cause everyone knows Diet Coke is best served swimming in ice. Then sip it slowly. Feel that burn and enjoy your break for as long as possible. When you need a break, don't forget to grab an ice cold Diet Coke and take a Diet Coke break


In order to book this escort to have a freak off with Diddy and another woman. They don't mention who the woman was and they, they all, he also talked to the feds about what drugs Diddy like to take during these freak offs. They said that the threesome went down back in May of 2023. The sex worker said that he flew from Atlanta to Miami. Met up with Diddy and the woman, they ended up, he ended up having sex with the woman while Diddy filmed the encounter. And just to restate the charges, You know Diddy has been charged with sex trafficking, racketeering, conspiracy, and transportation to engage in prostitution. You would have to prove that the people involved in that conversation, 'cause the sex worker didn't say anything about being forced to do anything or anything like that.


Or the woman that he knew of being forced didn't Sex worker hand over tapes or something Like that. He did hand over tapes. But I'm saying you could hand over tapes and still say, I didn't wanna be there. Right. I didn't. On a drug I wasn like You. know what I mean? So we don't know. There's no reports of that being said. And, and the sex worker said nothing about the woman mentioning that she was forced to do anything or whatever. So that could be Well Lauren, Lauren, you bring up a good point. You said, you said it may help his criminal case, but when it comes to culture in these jokes, depending what he's doing with this male escort, Dee is never beating the allegations of tampering with men's butt holes If any butt holes are being tampered with on this set tape. Well, according to this escort, as I was mentioning, did he recorded the encounter? So I don't know.


I mean, you got two hands and If you using a phone, you only need one. But the escort didn't mention anything about did he being involved. It's a Tripod. It's messy. Lauren. Lauren, you can set up a tripod. You put the Phone anywhere having A tripod. It's crazy. Like If. you doing it right to you. The no Hands ordering tripods and setups for your freak. That's, but you could put It on the counter. Put it on the Well, they did say that Diddy's, they allege in the indictment that Diddy's people used to have to go and set up for these things in the hotel room. So maybe there are tripods. I don't know. Y'all listen, don't get me to lying about somebody butthole. I don't know. I have no idea. But there was a videotape provided to the Fed God. So we'll have to wait to see how this You know tape that they're alleging exists.


Now one Last question. Oh God. Is Is, is baby oil a lubricant? Is like baby oil a lubricant that they use for Butts? Oh, now you don't know. I don't, don't now you acting like You know. Don't I don't do You know. I you acting like you don't know. You came up in New York in the nineties. You know how to slip and slide. I have no idea. I'm Just asking. I I just never heard of that. I know people that just used lubricant. I know people that use poppers. What's a popper? You know what a popper is. No, it's a thing in the, nevermind. I don't know. We'll talk later. Yeah. Sounds like a human Resource thing. The guys girls that get it are gonna get it. So y'all are so annoying. Certain story. Oh my god.


When I'm preparing certain stories, I'm like, man, the way that they are going to cackle and Kiki is going to I'm sorry. Take it serious. Take it serious. Go. Carl Winslow. Tell me more. Lord. Oh my God. You this morning. Now tell me more. Carl Winslow's go wins. Okay, let's go. Regina LL Johnson who plays Carl. Carl Winslow and Family Matters. He actually spoke on You know people were trying to say that he was getting it lit. Popping with Diddy allegedly. Right. You don't Have a clip. Clip clip clip is Amazing. Clip we gotta play. We played the clip. Clip. We gotta be quick. Hey Mr. Bell Johnson, how you doing sir? I do. Hey, do you have any response to this bizarre story that's circulating about you and Diddy, some guy named Loose Cannon told this story about you.


And I. Dunno that man. I wish him well though. What's your message to those who are talking about it and actually think, what's your message to loose canon life? Get a life. Oh, that's not the clip I was talking about. I was talking about loose canon. What we got, We got that. We got that. We got it When Diddy, Carl Winslow, we was at the party and You know we just chilling and like that. I hear just wearing out some. I'm like, huh? Right. Hearing that I'm like, oh six Oh, who's wearing this bitch out? Right. Kicking the door. Poof. Seen. I looked, I seen Carl Winslow put his head up. That's the father. Ain't that the father from Family Matters? Yes. No way.


The dad, dad, I swear to God, dead homies neighborhood crib. So when I, I seen that And then So who Who Car Diddy. Yeah. Did he was when I seen that 'cause Right. Diddy came back and he, he was telling me, he was like, it's nothing more enjoyable than having a man do something for some money. Allegedly. Allegedly, allegedly. All of this is alleged in Carl Winslow. Yeah. I don't, Reginald Vel Johnson said it did not happen. Go Charla. Yeah, I don't, I don't know if the story is true. I just think it's hilarious. It is funny. Okay. You know. I mean it's just, it's just that it, that literally sounds like something Dave Chappelle would've did in a sketch. It's just hilarious. That's something you would've saw in Living Color back in. Yeah. It doesn't Seem like it matches. It sounds funny. Yeah, it just sounds funny. It doesn't seem like, Have y'all got your laughs out?


'cause we're wrapping it up. That don't seem like if No, I've been laughing at that clip for months. I, I laugh every time I hear that clip. The first time somebody sent me that clip, I died laughing. And I get the exact same feeling every single time I watch it and people will send it to me like I've never seen it before. And I. Watch it every single time and laugh. You have the problem, sir. I know. I just, I just humorous humor. Okay. I wonder if the Feds laugh when they get any of this stuff. Of course They have To. I have To. I shouldn't ask you another question. You gotta wrap it up y'all. That Is my dream. I want, I want to sit with law enforcement and sit with FBI officials when they are getting some of this stuff. I know they be dying laughing. I know They do.


Now can you imagine the stuff that they don't put out though, that they see? My Goodness. Can you imagine the leads they go on, they don't even go down rabbit holes no more. They just go down YouTube butt holes. Well, Charlamagne, who you giving your oily ass to your donkey too, man? First of all, why Would you fart? To what? Very, very cha cheeks back here. Okay. Right. Dry Desert Storm. Okay. Should I continue in it? No. No. Listen, we need Justin Johnson to come to the front of the congregation. We would like to have a word with him. Okay. Teachable moment this morning. Even though it's a lesson that I hate that we gotta continue to teach. 'cause it seems like nobody's learning it. But we'll discuss. Alright, we'll get to that Nexus, the Breakfast Love.


Good morning, your chicken out. The Breakfast Club. Your execution on the donkey of the day is something to go. We it a read. He gave me Donkey of the Day. And I deserve. The people need to know. Well, you need to tell them I am because you have the voice. Tell them. Tell tell. It's time for Donkey of the Day. It's a read, but you're so good at it. You trying to be a Fake ass. Charlamagne wants Charlamagne Charlamagne. Damn man. Who you giving Dusty Day to now? Well, sexy Red Donkey today for Friday, September 27th goes to Justin Johnson. If. you don't know who Justin Johnson is. He's the young man who was found guilty of the murder of the Good Brother. Young Dolph dropping on a cruise bonds for Young Dolph peace.


Young Dolph. Okay. Ascending healing energy to his family. Always a jury made up of nine white women, two black men and one white man found Johnson guilty of first degree murder, guilty of conspiracy to commit first degree murder and guilty of being a convicted felon in possession of a handgun. The jury deliberated for four hours before they convicted him. And I. Can't believe it took that long. Okay? They must have been there talking about why Diddy had a thousand bottles of baby oil and lubricant. All the food they had in there must have been phenomenal. And they got to talking and eating because there's no way it took them four hours to convict this man. But let's go to News Channel three for the report please. We asked you to remember the man who enjoyed being a father and spending time with his family.


Carisa Brown Young do's sister applauding the verdict while facing the realization. So never see her brother again. I can't say that we're happy, we're overjoyed, anything like that. But it's the start of process being served for someone who we lost. That was some, some of everything to some of everyone. The jury deliberating for four hours this afternoon finding Justin Johnson guilty on all charges in the murder of the Memphis rapper. A decision coming nearly three years after Dolph was gunned down at a cookie shop As a 13th juror. I affirmed this verdict as to the first degree murder I sentenced you to life in prison. It is gotta be bittersweet, right?


Because You know on one hand you're glad justice is being served. These guys are getting life in prison. But yes, Young Dolph is never coming back. So it's gotta be bittersweet. Now Justin Johnson and his co-defendant, the admitted gunman, Cornelius Smith fired shots into Makita's homemade butter cookies on Airways Boulevard. During the trial, Cornelius testified that he and Justin Johnson carried out what was supposed to be a hundred thousand dollars hit on Young Dolph. Both Gunman was supposed to receive $40,000 each for the murder. And then where was the other 10 going? Lauren? The, there was the 20,000 going to the goat. What's the guy guy's Nest name? Was it 20 or 10? It's 20. The guy that set up 10 each. 10. 10. So 10 from Justin, 10 from Cornelius was going to the guy that set it up.


Okay? But that didn't happen. According to Cornelius Smith, they only ended up with $800. Let's go to Fox 26 Houston for the details please. The trial and the shooting death of rapper, Young Dolph in Memphis began with a major bombshell. Monday. Cornelius Smith confessed in court at admitting to shooting the rapper whose real name was Adolf Thornton, Jr. Outside of Memphis Cooking Shop in November, 2021. Smith says he and Justin Johnson were promised $40,000 each to complete the job by Dolph rival. Big joke, he says He only got a fraction of that payout. Only $800 out of the 40,000 Promise $800.


You know Cornelius Smith admitted his role in killing Dolphin said he felt no emotions over it at the time because he was addicted to drugs and was looking forward to collecting his $40,000 payday, which of course he never gotten. Prosecutors argued that the plan was for Justin Johnson to secure a record deal for the murder. Think about what we talking about here. Two black men going to prison forever for killing. Well, for killing another black man. For not a damn thing. Yes, I said for not a damn thing. Because they didn't have no personal beef with Dolf. Dolph didn't do anything to them. They were just hit men for hire. This was all business to them. And they were willing to crash out and not only throw their life away for some money and a potential record deal, but they were also willing to take a life for some money in a potential record deal.


This is why people have to learn to love themselves. Your first, last, and best love is self-love and If. you don't have self-love. It is impossible for you to love someone else. How could you see the value in another person's life? If. you don't see no value in your own And I. Know someone out there is probably thinking Uncle Charlotte. What you mean Dolph got killed for nothing. $40,000 in a record deal is something, let me be the first to tell you. If that's your mindset, call in The Breakfast Club right now. Gimme your name and address so I can tell law enforcement where you at so they can come pick you up. Okay? They need to come pick you up right now. No amount of money, no record deal is worth you throwing your life away and taking a life. Okay? That's what Justin Johnson got sentenced to life forever.


Endlessly. All right, Justin Johnson, you are never coming home. Do people not understand what that means? When someone says you getting life, that means it's over Whatever hopes and dreams, whatever creature comforts you had in the outside world, If, you like women, it's over done for Nito and for what? As I just said, absolutely nothing. Look, I know times is hard out here, but there's no amount of money worth my freedom. Not to mention And I know, some of y'all, like these brothers You know, are probably saying to yourself, well, they You know I ain't got nothing to live for. They ain't had nothing to live for. Well, let me ask you a question. Isn't just living enough? Why? Why do we take for granted the blessing called life?


Somebody woke up dead this morning and they didn't want to die because they had plans today. So why don't we value just being alive? Goes back to what I just said about self-love If. you simply valued being alive. If. you simply valued your life. If. you simply valued just taking a breath, being able to breathe. Then you would value the lives of others and nobody could offer you some money or a record deal in exchange for taking the life of someone else. Now, I was looking at Shade Room. And I saw a post from the account of Justin Johnson. I'm assuming, I'm assuming this is a real account, right Laura? That's what it was being reported as. I didn't report it. Okay, because I thought it was disre. I I didn't, go ahead. Well, it says these N words taking criminal responsibility. I'm taking street responsibility regardless.


I'm forever the biggest. They can throw away the keys before I ever eat the cheese. That's so stupid. Now, I don't speak fluent nigga like I used to, but I understand the last part, okay? He's saying they can lock him away forever before he ever tells. All right? I don't know what he means when he says they taking criminal responsibility. I'm taking street responsibility. That sounds like one of those dumb ass street codes. And, I hate stupid ass street codes. You know how in video games we would enter a code and it would take us to another level or give us more lives. Well, street codes are the opposite of video game codes. They don't take you to any higher levels. And you only get one man in this game called life anyway. So the street code be like up, up, down, down, left, right?


Select, thought, dumb, negro. You going to prison forever are probably going to die. And guess what? You earned it. Okay? Your Uncle Charlotte tells you all the time, life is about choices. The decisions we make, shape our lives. Destiny is not a matter of chance, it's a matter of choice. Guys like Justin Johnson and Cornelius Smith chose the direction of their lives simply by making a bad choice. And it saddens me that we live in an era with so much information, access to so many resources. We have numerous examples of where certain choices lead us. And yet we have brothers like Justin Johnson and Cornelia Smith who are still choosing to do the wrong thing. And for absolutely nothing, please let Remy ma give Justin Johnson the biggest hee-haw Hee-haw Hee-haw.


You stupid mother. Are you dumb? And it feels like these should be teachable moments. But I don't know if people are actually learning. Nah, it's many because we always find ourself right back here. Yeah, that's right. I just don't understand why post the statement like, If, you gonna stand on that? You wanna You, know what I mean? Take your time, take it. Be quiet and take it. Like, but why post that? There's people hurting behind that. And I'm gonna tell you something else. Salute my man. Chaka. Sanko man. Chaka Sanko is, is a, is a good friend of mine, great brother. He posted under the post that the young man posted. He said, as someone who served 19 years, I can say those sentiments will vanish within a couple of days. Reality will set in and he is going to be in for a sad awakening.


I have never And I mean never met someone in prison who was happy to be there. I have never met someone who killed someone that doesn't wish they could take that 30 seconds back. If, you are living that street life. I hope you take this moment to realize how you were being used. When that prison number is handed out. It won't be given to your mommy, your homies, or whoever you thought was riding with you once that door slam shut. It's all on you from there, Chaka sing Call. You Ain't never lie. My brother never lie. Mm. And you can Yes. You, you SLU the Chaka man. That's my guy. He'll be at the fourth annual Mental Wealth Expo October 12th at at the Marriott Mar in Times Square. Mm. Alright, well thank you for that donkey today.


All right, WSA, wsa, wsa. All right, now let's open up the phone lines. It's Friday. So You know what that means. It's freaking Freak Freaky Friday. All This, this show, this show moves faster. It does move fast. It does Move. This moves faster. Yes It does. Now this conversation is coming from Cardi Beatie other day. Now, Cardi B, she was spazzing out on Instagram live. And this is one of the things that she said, I make you look good. You look at a bitch. I don't you, I don't care. I'm a your ups, matter of fact. Oh, look at this. I don't wanna see it. So what you was gonna, anyways, all you gotta do is get drunk. Them bitches gonna throw you that for five, for 2000 bitches gotta survive out here. Oh, oh. Now I'm a bitches.


You was gonna do it regardless. You go to a club and you, you probably get drunk. You give them bitches. 2000 you was gonna, Okay. So that is it, right? The the first thing I thought when I heard that was I was like, damn, $2,000. That's a lot of money. Like $2,000. That's how much the price of PPO is. But then I had to take a step back 'cause I'm grown, right? I'm 46 years old. I I I don't have a problem with You know women getting anything for, for sex. What He's saying that, No, let, lemme explain Lauren. 'cause this is good. I don't have a problem. I'm not, I don't have a problem with women, with women getting anything for sex. 'cause You know that would be, I lie these to that.


Right? That that doesn't make you a prostitute. It's always doesn't constitution. Sometimes doesn make a pro In the stage of you asking, I should be receiving Because it's not, it is not tricking if she's worth it. And the reality is, You know, we, we take women out on dates. You know we buy women things. We take them on trips you're spending regardless. The the problem I have is like, you'll listen to some of these podcasts sometime and these guys will be like, what a woman bringing to the table. The reality is the woman is the table. So wait a minute. You're doing all of these things for the woman. You're getting a haircut for the woman. You, you, you're wearing nice clothes for the woman. You want to drive nice cars for the woman. You want to be successful for the woman You know you, you want to acquire lavish things because you want to attract women speak. Are you saying that speak king, if a woman, a woman gives up her vagina, a man should pay for it.


I'm saying that is the least a man can do. 'cause the reality of the situation is think what women gotta go through, right? Number one, you, you, you, you letting this man get on top of you. You letting this man get inside of you, you letting this man sweat on you. And Think about envy, You know about this. Thinking about having, think about fellatio. What does envy have to think about this? Think about, think about that. Member Envy In between some jaws About that. I'm trying to say this in a nice way because we, on the radio, all I'm saying is women give up a lot. What Are you asking, sir? What question? See That wrap up? Fingernail? Huh? Envy. I don't see no finger. What is the question you're asking? Oh, I, I just, I would like to hear what people think about this You.


know what I'm saying? I don't think it's a a, a a problem If, you in exchange Saying that if a woman has sex with a man, a man should be giving up something financially. Yes. Yeah. Think about what the woman is giving up. The woman is giving you her, she's giving you her body. She's giving you access to her. A man and her energy Park. Peace. Ma, am I tripping? You not? But I want y'all to have it because when a woman, when we say that we prostitutes, we city girls, whatever. But I say that. I think I love to hear that. So there's No love anymore. Just If. you give up the vagina. I gotta pay for it. It's not about that. It's about we gonna get into, Its, let's talk about it when we come back. And, I would love to hear Lauren side when we come back. 805 8 5 1 0 5 1. Let's discuss when we come back. It's The, Breakfast, Club. Good morning. The. Breakfast, Club.


Morning everybody. It's the J Envy. Jess, hilarious. Charlamagne, the guy we are. The, Breakfast. Club. Lauren LaRosa, filling in for Jess. Now If, you are just joining us. We were talking about something that Cardi B said about women getting $2,000 for giving up their ppo. Let's play the clip. I make you look good and you look at a bitch. I'm you, I don't care. I'm a your ups, matter of fact. Oh, look at this. I don't wanna see it. So what you was gonna, anyways, all you gotta do is get drunk, then bitch is gonna throw you that for five, for 2000 bitches. Gotta survive out here. Oh, oh. Now I'm a bitches. You was gonna do it regardless. You go to a club and you, you probably get drunk. You give them bitches 2000 and you was gonna, regardless.


All right, so we're asking 805 8 5 1 0 5 1. What are your thoughts, Lauren? What are your thoughts? Man, I don't Think that there's anything wrong with it. And, I. Think when, when, when women say, or when it's talked about, I think people instantly make it like such a cold and like, like fast exchange of like, okay, I'm having sex with you. You need to do this, you Need to,


hibernation season is over and It's time to get some sun outside. Gather your crew and hit the road in the spacious 2024 Nissan Pathfinder your getaway to larger than life adventures with spacious seating for eight and available panoramic moonroof. Everyone can enjoy the journey and soak in the scenery of the great outdoors. Plus with an available towing capacity of up to 6,000 pounds. And an available intelligent four wheel drive feature with seven drive modes. You can take your favorite toys while victory on new terrains. Seize the thrill and start exploring with the 2024 Nissan Pathfinder today. Head over to Nissan usa.com to learn more intelligent All-wheel drive cannot prevent collisions or provide enhanced traction in all conditions. Always monitor traffic and weather conditions. Towing capacity varies by configuration. See Nissan Towing Guide and Owner's manual for additional information. Always secure cargo.


In this selection, we each face a question, what kind of country do we want to live in? We choose freedom. Freedom, freedom, the freedom not just to get by but get ahead. The freedom to make decisions about your own body. We believe in the Promise of America and we are ready to fight for it because when we fight, we win. I'm Gonna keep on running because the winner don't quit on themselves. Paid for by Harris. For president


From producer LeBron James and director Sidney Freeland comes Res ball. A new Netflix film Res Ball is an underdog basketball story deeply rooted in Native American culture. In the heart of Chesca new Mexico, the Chesca Warriors, a high school basketball team faced their greatest challenge after the loss of their star player. The team must unite like never before to keep their dreams of a state championship alive. Red's Ball is rated PG 13 and now playing only on Netflix.


Seeing our communities grow and thrive is something we care deeply about. Here at Black Tech Green Money State, Farm Insurance also cares about the growth of black communities. They're actively investing in programs and initiatives that help provide financial literacy, give early career advice, and grow black-owned businesses. Thus leading to generational wealth, which helps protect the future of our communities. We wanna build a future that we all can be proud of. State Farm understands that representation alone doesn't equate to authenticity. It also requires active sponsorship of programs like the Axo, a year long program that recognizes and rewards high school students for their academic and cultural achievements along with funding programs like Project Ready, a National Urban League program committed to educational achievement of black and brown youth that has awarded over $11 million in scholarship offers to date. State Farm believes that being better neighbors creates better communities and can have a long lasting impact. Like a good neighbor. State Farm is there.


You could sit there and listen to ads or you could take a moment to have a Diet Coke break. First, grab a chilled diet Coke 'cause If, you want it to be perfect, it needs to be crispy. Next, get a big cup of ice. 'cause everyone knows Diet Coke is best served swimming in ice. Then sip it slowly, feel that burn and enjoy your break for as long as possible. When you need a break, don't forget to grab an ice cold Diet Coke and take a Diet Coke break.


Do that. And it's like what I think the mature conversation around it is is the same way that like You know when you, you and your wife, right, like your wife creates a home for you. She creates a sense of peace. And in order for you to do what you do every day outside of that house, you need that. Women need support in certain ways and sometimes it's financially And, I. Think if you're really If, you really are caring for somebody or courting for somebody, you're going to spend money in different ways. And it shouldn't be like, I'm not doing this like If. you go on a date. If you've never given a woman actual money, like a cash app or nothing, you gonna date you spending two to $300 a That's right. If you're talking about a date and you're courting somebody, yes, but not just giving money after sex. Like here's $2,000 on the side of the, that's what I'm saying. Well, here's a bag on the After, after. I feel like the conversation instantly gets there. And even If, you choose to do that if that's the type of trick that you wanna be, do that.


But some men, it's way different. It's different of how they do it. It might be dates, it might be flowers, it might be gifts, it might be, Hey babe, I just paid your rent. 'cause I heard you complaining about it. You didn't even have to ask. Or everybody's different. But it shouldn't be an issue that's being done. It should be For, but men's penis are worth something too though. And y'all want cooking, cleaning. Y'all want peace in the home. Not when we Mad when we met. We Like a man's penis. Black penises matter Too, man, shut your bitch ass up and y'all stick it everywhere. Do you do You? know that it Matters. Listen man, penis matters too. Listen, I'm not telling women to be prostitutes. I'm not telling women to sell their bodies. I'm simply saying If, you like a guy If. you and a guy are choosing to engage in sexual activities.


The least this man can do is do something for you. I don't care if that's something is $2,000. I don't care if that's something is paying a bill. I don't care if that's something that's taking care of some rent. You're paying for some nails, taking care of somebody's braids that are way past due for all that a woman has, has to give up for all that a woman has to give up as far as her body, that's the Lisa man can do. And we're actually talking about material things versus something that's priceless. So if you've given it up to this man, you letting this man inside your body, you've got this man's, you're giving this man fellatio. The least that man can do is do something for you. I don't have a problem with that. I disagree.


I I think there's a thing called love And I. Think there's a thing where you guys should have a connection. This shouldn't to be transaction. Did you hear anything I just said in I Did. But you talking making it seem like if, if, if this guy, if this girl does this, this, you should give them something. No, it doesn't have to Be the first day Said first night. It could build there, but it, it shouldn't. You shouldn't be. Well Say that because y'all making it sound like it's transactional. Why do we have To say that stuff? It's common sense. But why we acting like it's not transactional? Once again, If, you and a guy are choosing to engage in sexual activities. The least man can do it. Do something for you. You know how. You know it's transactional. What you getting a haircut for? What you pulling up in a nice car for? Why you put on this fresh ass outfit? You did all of this because you hope she sees you. And she goes, wow, he looked fly.


So in exchange, I'm gonna give him something. Cut it out Guys. Hey Dan, I gotta give $2,000. That sounds crazy amazing. I didn't Say $2,000. I said it could be $2,000. It could be paying a bill, it could be taking care of some rent. Just do something for her Men compartmentalize it. Don't, so you You know what girls you even willing to do that for. So you, you just, I mean, upfront with it. If she know that that's not the, the situation, she still choosing to continue. That's her choice. That sounds Crazy. So Lemme ask you a question. If, you want your, you want do, do you want your daughter to be with a bum ass dude? I want my daughter to find somebody that loves her. I don't want my daughter to say, I'm gonna give up her vagina. Your daughter, then somebody gotta pay for that. Your had Hundred percent. Take care Of the me. I want somebody, I want somebody that's gonna love my daughter. Yes, But with love comes bills and responsibilities. Right or wrong. My Daughter's good. Okay. She could pay her own bills. So If, you was paying front of bills and that man was living in that house.


You wouldn't feel vy, you would pull Up, she could pay, she could pay her own bills. But my daughter's, it is not transaction. I want her to find somebody that loves her. I understand. Take the money out of it. Me and my wife, we didn't have no money growing up. You, I'm sure Charlemagne and his, his wife didn't have no money growing up. It wasn't about money, but it wasn't about but did A little bit of things. Talking about the money. No, talking about keep talking, Talking about the money. No, He keeps talking about the money. But once again, we're talking about material things versus something that's priceless. If this woman is giving up all of her body to you, a man should be doing something for her. If, you ain't got no money. Go cut some goddamn grass. If, you ain't got no money. Take some trash out. Do something for the go wash her car. Like if the, if the woman is giving you all of this, you should do something for her. It's not. That's All I'm, hello?


Who's this? Laia? Hello? Hey, what's your name? Mama. Oh yeah, This is Laia. Laia. What's your thoughts? I think it should be equal. It should be equal. Like he's giving up his body too. That's what I'm saying. It should be equal. Okay. Laia, thank you. That is equal welcome. And. I will say, I don't got no homegirls that have any issues with paying for a haircut, buying gifts, taking you while none of my homegirls have issues with that. So that depend on the woman you doing With Sharon. Good morning. Good morning. Hey Sharon. What's your thought, Sharon? My thought is, as a married woman, I'm sitting right here next to my husband. If my stuff is so good to him that after his gratification he wants to hook us to his wife, up is alright with me.


That's Right. But if, if it's just a man and I'm taking money for sex, I'm just a hired hooker for however you wanna call it. But then again, if I'm not getting anything for him, then I'm just a hold. It just got used. That's all. As a woman, a married woman, it's, it's a, it's a double edged, it's a double edged question that's unfair to a woman. And sadly enough, the man is still gonna walk away. A man, whether he paid for it or whether he didn't, he's still walking away a man. But as a woman, the married woman, that's why I think, Thank you mama. Hey, can I say something?


Sure. Solomon c people that are dead don't wake up dead. They already dead. You don't know that. We enjoy you though. We enjoy you. Hey, when people wake up, they don't wake up dead. They already, You don't know that. Thank you mama. You Might wake up in Hell now. Kay. Bob said remember she is received receiving something too. Material stuff shouldn't be involved in adult interaction. Mr. BMD go said, hell no. It's equal. My D is worth a million dollars. Somebody WJ Chrissy said, women always ready to do something for their man. It's the man that never wants to do anything for the woman. What have you ever heard be like, complain about women will allow a man to move in and, and literally not pay no bills.


If the D is where it's supposed to be at? Yeah. Gerald, we got Gerald on the phone. Gerald, good morning. Good morning. What's your thoughts? Not all women Though. Listen, I don't think that man should be out here paying for no proof pfo. That's some sip stuff. So you ain't so you ain't never, you ain't never paid for nothing. You ain't never took a woman on a date. You ain't never bought no woman, no clothes. You ain't never paid for a woman to get her head done. You ain't never paid for a woman to get her nails done. You ain't never paid for a woman's car to get washed. You ain't never did nothing. That's Not paying for poo poo, sir. Man, shut up. Yes it is, man. We weren't taking This too literal. Y Said it too said when y'all said the 2000 from ppo. No, that's where it comes from. Maisha. We got Maisha number. Yes. Hey Maisha. Good morning. Talk to us. Yes, good morning. Good morning. What's your thoughts, Maisha? So, Man, listen, like I said mom, my grandmother always told me, why would you pay for the cow If?


you can get the milk for free. Right? So I'm saying not a transactional type thing, but If, you were involved with the woman that requires a certain financial responsibility. I mean, that's right. You want her nails kept up. You want her kept up and it, it's gonna consist of you to pay for it because you're there when you want to be laying next to a woman that smells good and we're good. So you gonna have to come out your pocket period. And, and, and we acting like this hasn't been going on since the beginning of time. All of these rappers talking about making all of this money so they can have access to all of these women. You know the city girls, JT and Young Miami said broke men don't deserve no P ppo.


That's just the reality of the situation. And I'm not talking about just financial, I'm just simply saying, If, you are choosing to be in a relationship with a man and y'all are engaging in sexual activities. The least that man can do is something for you. And. I said it earlier. I don't care if it's $2,000 paying a bill, taking care of some rent. If, you ain't got no money. Cut the woman's grass, take her trash out. Come fix something with your hands at the house. Just do something for her. Right? That's all I'm saying. How about Just love her and I'm, I'm gonna tell you this, women, if every time you have sex with a man, you want something, you gonna be single for a long time because you gonna be you. You gonna be a n something because every time you want sex, you want something, you want something financial. Nobody that's a, not somebody that says that lay down and says, I want $10 after this is over.


That's prostitution. But you, you But If. you If. you have sex with somebody and be like, all right, I need some money for my hair. I'm not gonna roll her and say, all right, I need some money for my hair. But if we get to a certain point, People might need to get my nails done. If. you You know what we're saying. You get to a certain point with a person. I don't you wanna be able to rely on that person. That's all that it is in this gold Book. Please hold, let me ask envy this question because men, we always say we only got two jobs. What's our two jobs? Envy, Protect and provide, sir. So what the, you providing beige? Boy, I'm married sir. I am a married man. I'm married too. Wife. It's different. We providing, it's different when we, what does provision mean? It's different. When we're married, we provide for our family and my wife provides for me, me not. It is totally two different things. We're not dating, we're not seeing each other for the first time.


We're not dating married life and having six kids is totally different when dating's and then all of a sudden we have sex. Like It's not activities. The least that man can do is do something for you. 'cause boy, you doing a lot for him when you open your legs. What you buying me? Charlamagne. Man, shut. You don't offer Your legs. You bend over. Right? When we come back, Nyla will be joining us past the A. It's The. Breakfast. Club. Good morning The. Breakfast. Club. Morning everybody. It's DJ Envy. Jess. Hilarious. Charlamagne the guy We are The. Breakfast. Club. Lauren Rosa. Filling in for Jess. And it's time for Pastor The ALKs. Go dj.


Yeah, DJ, Come spin. Good morning. Morning. I'm excited today Nyla. I see a lot of new music today. Chingy drop the new album. Chingy, You got some Chingy cuts in this stuff. I I do not have any Chingy, but shout out. Did he really drop a novel? Yeah, that's Did he? Yeah, He dropped a four piece. Oh wow. He should. He never talking about it, but why not? Yeah. All right. Well no I didn't see it. And. I. Don't let me know if the EPS good. Neither here nor there. I'm actually gonna start with this artist who's from la. His name's Nana and he just dropped EP. Call two And I. Really like this record on there called Friends and Benefits. It's nice little vibe. Vibe. No, it's raining outside right now too.


It's kind of dark. Ain't no sun out. I like that. All right. Oh, I guess I'll keep it in that tempo then. Shout out to Nana next. I'm gonna go with this London singer named Jazz Caress. And the record's called Tequila. You in a mood tonight? Today, huh? Nah. Feel it's raining outside like the weather. Sad you right. That's not even A sad, sad. This is very mellow vibe ish. Like, Babe, I'm surprised you don't got a hoodie and a covid mask on. Oh my God. You know what? Shout out to Nick. 'cause Nick's the only one who's back there actually bopping his head and enjoying the music I picked today Because Nick is perpetually depressed too. Damn. He just called jump off depressed. I'm, I'm not depressed, but just would've put that on the record. So And I figured you guys would complain about the amazing music that I picked.


So I picked a more upbeat record for the last record. It's Maxo Cream and Tyler Career with Crack era Is Maxo Cream. Yeah, it gives me That's crazy. nla nla. You had such a great vibe going You. know what I'm saying? The energy was right. And then you just decided to frighten everybody. You just decided to just scare everybody with the last record You. know what I'm saying? Kind like why would you do that? Reminds me, reminds Grinding. It reminds me of grinding a little bit. I thought so too. And it says raining outside the vibe going. I could see the rain drops on my windshield on the window pane. I'm like, oh, okay. nla setting the tune and then here you go. Well first of all, I, what's wrong with you? I thought You know.


Alright, so did you like the songs or not? I did. I liked all three of them. Really? I liked the Maxo Cream joint. I Did. All right. It actually, it is crazy you say that when you was playing the record, I was like, damn, how would Tyler to create a sound on like some old Pharrell and un Chad production? I'm talking about like some old joints that they got in the vault somewhere that they never put out. How would Tyler sound on those records? Lovely. Okay, well make sure you guys follow that. It's a certified vibe. That playlist will have them all added today. And then make sure you guys follow at two loss too. We're actually doing like a four city tour. Me, Ray Daniels and Dame Ritter. It's gonna be like a network mixer game type of situation.


And that's happening the second week of October. We're doing Atlanta, dc New York and Philly. And then of course I got Vibe check at this black owned bar in Brooklyn. We actually are at max capacity, but I'm super excited about it 'cause it's just straight r and b and it's like r and BI would play for my mom, like me and her singing and dancing type RB. So classic nineties vibe. Alright, Now I know this is your segment, but can I play one record Off the Chingy project? Yes. This is Chingy. It's called Still Got it. How much money he giving you? Nah, he ain't Gimme no Money. Good question. Nala. Why you don't play that in your mix? The the reality of this situation and You know Chingy is Nep Chingy really doesn't, he hasn't made a whack record.


Alright, see, there we go. Salute the Chin Pick up Chins Album. He, he's al he's always made good records. I just think that his, his music had a, a moment in time. I don't think that that's all like, Like, but that's why Gorilla needs to be featured on the album. 'cause we're in, we're reliving that moment in time. She just needs to hop on the feature. Salute The Chin. Nla you right, you, you're actually absolutely Right. Pick up Chin's. What's the name of Chin's album? Lemme find out. So you texting him about Doing this during the, during my second. He, he feels bad because when the segment first started he was trying to be funny, funny. And he was clowning Chingy. No, I Was not climbing Chingy. I was one head since You texted him. Was a climbing Chingy. What? I said Clowning. But you texted him. I'm not, I don't have Chin's number. Y'all crazy Cash app. His album called pick three.


Hey I got Cash App too, Man. Salute Chingy man. Shout Chin. I'll bless Chingy. Alright, For real. Now let's, we throw back on the Fridays we get to the People's Choice mix. Of course today is Lil Wayne's birthday. So this mix is all about Lil Wayne this morning. Oh wow. Happy birthday to Wayne And Wayne. No Chingy. Huh? Envy. It's Lil Wayne's birthday. Okay, we just playing Chingy. I just You know. Didn't know If you wait. Last but not at least make sure you guys follow me on Instagram at N-Y-L-A-S-Y-M-O-N-E-E-E. And Brandon, I know it's your birthday but don't edit that part out 'cause you keep editing out. And. I noticed It. All right, it's The. Breakfast Club. Good morning. Morning everybody. It's EJ Envy. Just hilarious Charlamagne guy. We are The Breakfast Club. Salute to our very own. Brandon, today is Brandon's birthday You know he's one of the producers up here.


Happy born day young Ghana. That's Right. He decorated His studio. Oh He decorated his studio. I see him all. He's all dressed up. Are y'all going out? Yeah, we are. We're going out later. Later tonight dog. The outfit he got on now, I don't know if it'll last. We going out like 12, one o'clock tonight. Oh okay. We going to strip club. Oh y'all went to Strip club? Yeah, but his you ain't his, you ain't see his studio? Nah, I seen it but I I Seen he put up Where's the white woman at? Wow. That's What I'm saying. What? What white woman blowing out your candle the night young Donna. He left the room. He knew it was coming. What Strip club Y'all go on the penthouse or we Playboy. We gonna vanity in Gallagher's One of the white clubs. No. Oh You know what we should have did that Go to one of white strip clubs. You know what I'm gonna do 'cause he not in the room right now. I'm gonna ask if they have any white strippers and see if they can bring them in special tonight.


That'd be dope. He'll love that. He'll lose his Mind. Oh my God. He'll spend every dollar in his pocket. Let me shoot that. He'll even bring some of the Ghana dollars into, can't even throw some of those. I forgot what they call 'em in Ghana. He even throw some of those. And listen, I wanna, I got a couple of announcements, not a couple announcements. I just wanna tell you Stuff. Church announcements. Back in 2022. You know Kevin Hart. And I released a project through our company SBH Productions with the brilliant good sister Erica Alexander. It's an audible original called Finding Tamika. It tells the story of a woman from South Carolina named Tamika Houston. She's 24 years old. She went missing in South Carolina in 2004 and tonight 2020 is doing a special about that story and the project finding Tamika the specialist called the Girl who looked like me.


So it comes on tonight at 9:00 PM eight Central on A, B, C. And then you can scream it the next day on Hulu. So please, please check that out. And tomorrow I'll be presenting at Global Citizens. So If, you're at Global Citizens tomorrow. I'll see you there. Alright, when we come back, we got the positive notice. The. Breakfast. Club. Good morning. Morning everybody. It's the ej, nv Jess, hilarious Charlamagne, the guy we are. The, Breakfast, Club. Long Rosa filling in for Jess Charlamagne. You got a positive note before we get up outta here? I do. I also want to tell people, man, thank you to everybody who has been going out there and going to Kickstarter. To order my graphic novel Illuminati, ill Illuminati. You can just go to Kickstarter, type in my name Charlamagne, or type in Ill Illuminati and it'll come up.


But just thank you to everybody who's been ordering that graphic novel and I'll see you all that Comic-Con next month. But the positive notice, simply this. I'm more interested in how my life feels to me than how it looks to others. I know that sounds like a foreign concept for all you people who just live for social media. But always remember, I personally am more interested in how my life feels to me than how it looks to others. I think you should feel the same too. But you'll get there one day. Have a blessed day. Breakfast Club bitches. Y'all Finished or y'all done?


You could sit there and listen to ads or you could take a moment to have a Diet Coke break. First, grab a chill diet Coke 'cause If. you wanted to be perfect. It needs to be crispy. Next, get a big cup of ice. 'cause everyone knows Diet Coke is best served swimming and ice. Then sip it slowly. Feel that burn and enjoy your break for as long as possible. When you need a break, don't forget to grab an ice cold Diet Coke and take a Diet Coke break.


Hi, this is pro football player, DeMar Hamlin. You probably know my story about perseverance and never giving up. That's why I joined the team at don't quit Protein drinks. Whether I'm training hard on the field or in the gym, don't quit. Helps me recover with 33 grams of protein, 26 vitamins, and with none of the artificial stuff, don't quit. Protein drinks also taste great. They are not chalky and have no bad aftertaste. My signature line of cookies and cream is my absolute favorite. Get yours now at Amazon.


This is Coke Zero sugar. Could I be the best Coke ever? Try and taste with your ears here. Those bubbles, imagine them tingling on your top busy deliciousness. Listen to that cascading liquid, A mouthwatering waterfall, irresistibly tasty, zero sugar, crisp, refreshing, and ice gold. Ah, is Coke zero sugar The best Coke ever? Try and decide.


Hey, gorgeous, it's Paris Hilton. Get the party started with my new album, infinite Icon out now and stream the new single Bad Academy, Welcome To the Bad Academy. I wanted this album to be an escape. Take people to a happy place where they can heal and party in equal measure. And most of all, be your own unapologetic icon. Listen on iHeartRadio and visit infinite icon.com to order the album sponsored by 1111 Media.


There's Two kinds of people in The World, people who love health aid kombucha, and people who have never tried it. The bubbly mix of probiotic tea and refreshing juice is delicious and good for your gut health with great flavors to choose from that you can't help but love If, you have never tried it before. Maybe try a bottle or can of passion fruit tangerine or ginger lemon, your taste buds and your gut will. Thank you. Look for the brown bottle with an anchor on it and try health aid Kombucha today.