(0s):
State Farm Insurance knows that understanding and investing in our cultural identity is paramount in protecting our future We. know what it's like to go from nothing to something to wish that we had better financial literacy when we were younger. Luckily State Farm is here to help with funding programs like Project Ready, which is committed to education achievement and has already awarded over 11 million in scholarship offers to black and brown youth since 2021. State Farm believes that being better neighbors creates better communities. Like a good neighbor, State Farm is there.

(30s):
Gear up for outdoor adventures with the 2024 Nissan Pathfinder. This mid-size SUV is designed for Epic journeys. Offer it spacious seating for eight available panoramic moonroof, and an available intelligent four-wheel drive feature with seven drive modes. Take your off-road experience to new heights. Discover the 2024 Nissan Pathfinder at Nissan and usa.com. Intelligent all-wheel drive cannot prevent collisions or provide, hence traction in all conditions. Always monitor traffic and weather conditions. Toing capacity varies by configuration. See Nissan Towing Guide and Owner's manual for additional information. Always secure cargo.

(1m 4s):
There are moments in life that are so special that you have to capture them and save them forever. They're one of those once in a lifetime events like your baby's first steps, the first time you bring your family pet home, or your daughter's first dance performance with iPhone 15 Pro more storage means you don't have to delete anything That can become a lasting memory one day. And it's important to be able to share these moments with family members who weren't there to see them in person. Store more, share more. Connect with iPhone 15 Pro on at and t. Get iPhone 15 Pro on at and t and get an iPad and Apple Watch for 99 cents per month. Each at and t connecting changes everything. Limited time offer requires 0% a PR 36 month agreement on each well qualified customers. Other terms and restrictions apply. See att.com/iphone for details.

(1m 49s):
Are you still keeping your cash in a traditional savings account? If so, you could be earning more, much more@public.com. You can earn 5.1% a PY on your cash. No fees, no minimums public.com lets you access your cash whenever and gives you up to 5 million FDIC coverage. Earn 5.1% a PY on yourCash@public.com. 5.1% a P as of 5 21. Subject to change. All investing involves risk of loss. Brokerage services offered by Public Investing Inc. Member Finra, S-I-P-I-C, not a bank. See public.com/disclosures for More.

(2m 20s):
Turn it up. Music fans. This one's for you. Koch Studio is dropping fresh music and performances from artists you love like new Jeans. Carol G and Peggy Goo and Koch's, giving you chances to win a trip to one of the biggest festivals of the year. Grab taste that moves you. Scan your Coke or Coke. Zero sugar. 12 ounce. Can the unlock fan fuel music moments no purchase necessary. 13 plus and 50 US DC and Canada. 18 plus for select prizes ends October 31st. Rules, eligibility, and prize. availability@atl.com slash Studio usa. Promo copyright 2024, the Coca-Cola Company.

(2m 55s):
Wake up. Wake up. Wake up. You guys really are like the hip hop, early morning, late night Talk The. Breakfast Club is the most powerful popular urban radio show in America. Live from the black mothership in New York City. DJ Envy, Charlemagne De God and Jess. Hilarious. Thank y'all for being cultural leaders man. I appreciate what y'all do for the culture collectively known as Breakfast Club. I'm always nervous When I do The, Breakfast Club because sometimes you say stuff and it's just gonna get you in trouble. Hey. Hey everybody. Wait. Good morning. USA Yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo, yo yo.

(3m 36s):
Jess hilarious. Good morning Charlamagne. The God piece to the planet Is Tuesday. What's happening? Good Morning. Oh man. How y'all feel out there? Hey Charlamagne. I'm good. Hey girl, what's up? Hey Jess. I missed you. I missed you too. How you feel? You looking all glazed. You look a shade darker. Amen. You know I got a beautiful tan. You've been in that African sun? I was not an African African Sun. Oh. Where was You at? I was in the Caribbean. I was in a, in my happy place. A beau, the beautiful island of Anguilla dropping a cruise bombs for Anguilla. Nice. A XA. That's why I've been the last 11 days. Nice. Having a great time. That's enjoying my life. Living my life. Like it's golden. You like my nice golden, my golden brown tan.

(4m 18s):
You got a Nice 10. Yes I did. I ain't asking you. I'm telling you. You a nice 10. See how come I can't compliment my brother? You a nice I my 10. Okay. Why Can't I say you got a nice 10? I can't miss you. I can't miss you. Yes, man. How are y'all? I don't miss you. Now forget it. I'm glad I tried to show some love and you don't wanna give no love back. I don't miss you no more. Just say that I don't like you more. Just say I miss you. Don't tell a man I like you 10. We broke up. We we not together anymore. Jesus. That's it. Crazy. I can't say I like your tear. No, it just don't sound right. It don't feel right. Trash Don't say well With my spirit. You yesterday. Who Trav came to see you? He was like, yeah, Trav Popped up. How he not here? Yeah. Trav popped up yesterday to check you out. Trav ain't got no job.

(4m 58s):
I don't think so. Trav could just pop up on a random Monday. He was definitely here. Damn. Okay. Well you ain't have no job yesterday. I didn't. I took off. I used my vacation days. That's what they're there for. Alright, well how you feeling Jess baby here yet? Almost close, I Feel. I know, right? I wish it was. No, she's not yet. But I feel good. How Many more weeks you got left? Four. Four weeks. Okay. Four weeks. Yes. You need to be at home. Yeah. I'm glad you are not here. Okay. Damn. Okay. I'm glad that you're not here. What I'm Saying because You know I know you want to have the baby in Maryland and You know you you less than four weeks. That baby can come at any moment at this point. I know You Already got your scrubs on.

(5m 39s):
Now she Got scrubs on. It's funny as hell a jacket. Oh My bad. Gotta play you. Yo. Trying to play you. She said you got your scrubs on now. I thought You already had your scrubs On Jesus. I was like, damn. Alright, well let's get the show cracked and we got front page news when we come back. So don't move Morgan Water be joining us'. The. Breakfast. Club. Good morning. Morning everybody. It's DJNV Jess Aria. Charlemagne the guy. We are The Breakfast. Club. Let's get in some front page news from the Black Information Network. We have Morgan Wood. Good morning Morgan. Good morning y'all. Listen, Biden wants to smoke. Hey Earl. I said he wants his doubters to challenge him at the upcoming Democratic National Convention. During a phone interview with M-S-N-B-C yesterday morning, Biden tried to address concerns coming from his own party about his mental fitness and his Rocky performance during the debate.

(6m 28s):
Let's hear more from President Biden's call with M-S-N-B-C. I'm getting so frustrated by, by the elites in the party who they know so much more. If any of these guys, yeah, don't think I should love him, run against me. Go announce, announce the president. Challenge me at the convention. Look at what I'm doing. I mean, let me put this way. If there was something that was wrong that night, it's not like it comes and that's one night it goes away. That's why I've been out. I've been testing myself. I am not going anywhere. And I wouldn't be running if I didn't absolutely believe that I'm the best candidate to beat Donald Trump in 2024 with a terrible night And I.

(7m 10s):
I, I really regret it happened. But the fact of the matter is how, how can you assure you're gonna be on, on You know faith? I can intervene on your way to go to You know work tomorrow. All I hear is ego, And, I. Hope they take him up on his offer. Every single Democrat who feels like You know the Democrats can win. If President Biden is the nominee needs to challenge him at the convention, take him up on his offer. And, I can't believe we're just having this conversation. 'cause I've been saying this for several months and asking the question, are Biden and Harris a winnable ticket? And if the answer is no, Biden should step aside and people shouldn't be upset when folks say that, especially if y'all wanna win. But What time is the convention? What time of the events? 'cause if it's after a certain time, he ain't gonna be able to be plugged in.

(7m 50s):
He said, Oh, don't do that. So the president did claim average Democrats want him to stay and he's not going to listen to elites calling for him to exit again. He insisted that the debate performance was due to an illness and he added that 14 million people who took part in the primary voting process, they did vote for him. And their voice deserves to be heard. Lemme Ask you a question. What makes an average Democrat versus an elite Democrat? 'cause he been in the, the, an elected official for 80 plus years. So that's so who, how is he not elite? He's elite. Definitely elite. What makes you elite and what makes you average? He's a platinum member. He's definitely a, What are we talking about? Moving on? My meanwhile, former President Trump, he believes that Biden will remain in the race.

(8m 31s):
In November, in an interview in Fox News with Fox News Monday, Trump spoke about why he believes Biden will stay in the race and if Biden drops out, why he believes Vice President Harris will be the official nominee. Let's hear from Trump. Well, they cover for him and they still are sort of covering, but now it's getting very difficult to do that. And You know, it looks to me like he may very well stay and he is got an ego and he doesn't wanna quit. Well, I think that it will be her. I think they are very concerned about the vote. If it's not her, they are very, very, I mean, they're gun shy. They don't want to do it any other way. I, I do believe he will stay in the race too. And I. I didn't think You know Democrats could win before, but I really don't think they can win now because the party is in such disarray.

(9m 17s):
Now, Trump went on to say that he thinks Biden's wife Jill, Dr. Jill Biden wanted him to stay and that nobody wants to give up that way referring to being potentially forced out. Of course, Trump knows that from experience himself and with calls for Biden to drop out of the race and step down. There has been chatter that California governor Gavin Newsom could be an option for the Democratic party. However, he wants no parts of it. And he says the conversation is actually hurting the Democratic party. When asked if he would run, if his name came up at the Democratic National Convention, here's what California Gavin, California Governor Gavin Newsom had to say No to me. It's the hypothetical that gets in the way of progress in terms of promoting this candidacy.

(9m 59s):
And I think it's a legit question, but it's exactly where the other party wants us to be is having this internal fight. And I think it's extraordinarily unhelpful. I said that literally the second after the debate, it was my first public comments. So I've been consistent in this belief. Not just privately, but publicly. He's absolutely right. 'cause like I said, I didn't think Democrats could win before, but I really don't think they can win now if the party is the incomplete disarray with the type of dysfunction they have. And also the only option at the top of the ticket would be to Vice President Kamala Harris. Anyone else they thinking about has to be a vp. So when they talk about the Gavin Newsom's of The World, they should be talking about him in a, in a vice presidential running mate context as opposed to being at the top of the ticket.

(10m 39s):
Alright, but You can't. So yeah, Newsom was actually on the campaign trail for President Biden when he made those comments. He was in Doyle, Doylestown, Pennsylvania. Again saying that this is very damaging. The conversation is just damaging to the party in itself. So maybe kill it. Well, the conversation, the conversation is happening because the candidate is so bad, the conversation wouldn't be happening if President Biden was wasn't so terrible. That's why the conversation is happening. Can't just blame this on people. People ain't just talking out their ass here. Okay, Well if the cops, yeah, well yeah. All right. The Lattice front page In the next hour. Alright Morgan, we'll see you next hour. Everybody else get it off your chest.

(11m 19s):
805 8 5 1 0 5 1 If. you need to vent. Phone lines are wide open again. (800) 585-1051. Call us up right now. It's The Breakfast. Club. Good morning The. Breakfast Club. This is your time to get it off your chat. Chief calling 805 8 5 1 0 5 1. We want to hear from you on The. Breakfast Club. Hello, who's This? Hi. Good morning. It's Ette from Columbia eight. Good morning. 8 0 3. What's happening? Hey girl, Charla May. How you doing this morning? I'm blessed Black and Holly Faed. How are You? I'm doing well Jess. How are you? I'm good honey. Thank you. You look beautiful during your baby shower and TJ Envy.

(11m 59s):
Good morning. Good morning for you As well. I just wanted to say good morning to you all and thank DJ Envy for visiting Columbia. I hope he enjoyed his day while he was here. Yeah, I had, I had a great time. And shout to the promoter. The promoter name is Big O, he's actually blind. He called the radio a couple of years ago. He was in his, his tractor trailer and a and another tractor trailer crashed into him in the back and he hit his head on the steering wheel and became blind. He actually called up here. He was asking for a GoFundMe because as he was going through court he couldn't pay his bills. So he was trying to get You know, trying to You know to get the little help. But he did get his, his settlement and he started, You know he threw a couple of parties and he just, You know, just, just enjoying life right now.

(12m 41s):
He can't see so salute to Big o And. I had an amazing time there. Food was amazing. Had a good time. I ain't gonna lie. And I also wanted to shine light on my little brother. Put the super producer here. He was out there also providing the sound to you that night as well. So I just wanted to shout out both of you because I'm telling you that night was really good. It was a really good night. Oh he was DJing with me. We had a good time and the sound went out like once or twice. But we had a good time. We we, I heard y'all had it under control. So all is well. All Is well. Nah, they showed so much love when I was out there in South Carolina. Salute to everybody out there. I appreciate you guys. I'm glad you enjoyed your day. Y'all have a good Day. You too now you too. You did not have to make that call that said No, I'm just telling 'cause he listens all the time and he was, he can't see Like five times.

(13m 24s):
Like Damn he was Blonde. Alright, Shout out the big O. Hello? Who This smoked the big O? Yeah, this Callie. What's good? Hey, what's up bro? Get it off your chest. Good morning. Alright, so look I got a little dilemma for, for Remy Ma. So a couple weeks ago I heard that talk about her and her son and stuff like that. So You know really Mom, she lived by the street code and she feel like her son innocent. So do she tell her son to open his mouth or keep his mouth closed and take that on her chin? I mean I don't even know what happened honestly. But I'm sure she, she, she's paying for lawyers and her lawyers will take care of it. And first of all, you talking, we talking about 40 plus year old grown people who are so far removed from the street.

(14m 6s):
You know who are, who are doing nice corporate business. Nobody care about no damn street cold. Like whatcha talking. I felt that. I felt that. I felt that. No, but I'm saying though what I'm saying though, she used to live by street cold now. So I'm saying so now her son is obviously in the street so she telling him to open his mouth or keep his mouth Closed. Man, I don't think that's the only thing she should be doing is praying for her son. That's it. That's what she, that's what she doing. That's literally Tariq St. Patrick And I. I'm gonna interview. I'm a street interview Callie on ig. Look me up. Call All man. I'll be honest, I don't even know what happened. Honestly. I know that she got an attorney for her son And I. Guess let it play out in court. What you mean?

(14m 46s):
You don't know what happened? Ain't other story we reported before we went on break? No, they said Three times allegedly. But we don't know what, what happened. We just, this is just alleged. Well It's not alleged that he got Arrested. No, but it's alleged about the murder or whatever happened. We have to be assured that's an alleged, well it's alleged that he committed a crime but he actually did get arrested for murder of So he has to beat that charge. Right, of course. Yeah. So you gotta go to court and you gotta go through the process. That's not, that's not alleged. Yeah, but the guy was saying he should tell. Well he might. I don't, we don't even know what happened when he would tell we don't have, we have no idea. I don't. But get it off your chest. 805 8 5 1 0 5 1. If. you need to vent. Hit us up now. It's The, Breakfast. Club. Good morning. The. Breakfast. Club. Ray, Ray, Ray. Yo Sha man. What up are we live?

(15m 27s):
This is your time to get it off your chest. I got an indoor pool, a outdoor Pool. We want to hear from you on The. Breakfast Club. We can Get on the phone right now here and tell you what. It's, we lied. Hello? Who's this? This De D What up? What's up D No, no, neither one of them should be president. Jesus. I agree with you. Anything else? I agree with you. And, and so and so do so do one in four Americans. One in four Americans feel the same way as me and you. Oh, we gonna lose, we're gonna lose. We Donald Trump won. Be our president, bro. Ain't no we, because neither one of these parties represent me. So ain't no we but You know. Yes, I do feel like President Biden does not give the Democrats the greatest chance as a winning you Rapper, didn't you?

(16m 9s):
But you part of America, bro. Yeah, he is. So they kind of do. No. Well you have a great morning. Thank you. Hello. Who's this? Hey, what's up Bevy? What's up Charlamagne? I know If. you there? What's up? Just What's, what's up Man? What's going on? I ain't talked to you in a minute. What's Up Rick? Where you been at, bro? Yeah, bro, they been having me slave on the slave shit, man. I can't get no time to call in in the morning anymore. Well we happy to hear from you this morning, sir. Absolutely. You know If, you chance, Rick. It's So, my, my thing is, why are the Democrats acting like, like Biden hasn't been a horrible con candidate from the beginning. The Democratic party does not promote youth within politics at all.

(16m 52s):
Right. They had the opportunity to put young people involved in politics and, and and younger candidates from a while ago. But the minute that Biden got in, he's, he's been horrible. He's been incoherent, he's been making horrible choices. He's he's been falling left and right. He's been pausing all over, all, all, all, all over the, the media. So it's like, why are they acting like now? Because he lost the debate that he's a horrible candidate. He's been a horrible candidate from the, from the beginning. And, and and when you, when you say the beginning, you gotta go way, way back then when he first You know ran for president, this isn't his first time. Yes. You know. He he's never been a good candidate ever. And if it wasn't for all of those un unfortunate events that happened in 2020, I don't think he'd be president that, So the thing about Biden is they've always packaged him up with someone that was good, that could like, could over overshadow him.

(17m 38s):
Right. So he doesn't look like he's the, the idiot in the picture. But now If, you can't do that anymore. And I don't even think actually that you can just put Kamala Harris as a representative. Now there's a process of doing that isn't there? You can't just say, okay, we don't want her because they went through primaries and everything. No. Oh, I don't know the, I don't know the process of replacing him at the top of the ticket. I have no idea What's happening right now is unprecedented. I don't think you could just like say, okay, we wanna, we wanna just, we have Kaela Harris run and to replace Biden, there has to be some other long process that goes through before they can actually put him in place. I have no idea. I implore everybody. I implore everybody stop getting involved in not stop, but like get involved in your local politics and not so much in this, in this, in in these these these general elections.

(18m 23s):
Because all this stuff from the, the, the, the party, the spoken marriage man you If you think that Biden was running this country this whole time. We we are sadly mistaken. 'cause it's clearly he wasn't coherent. Clearly he's not of sound mind and they're playing games right now because they have medical doctors that have been checking on him for Alzheimer's all this time and they're acting like they weren't doing that. Yo, They had a, They're involving your local policy. Yo. They had a, they had a neurologist who specializes in treating Parkinson's disease visit the White House eight times in eight months and they getting upset when you ask about it. No, that's crazy. Like how you getting upset because people are asking how come this neur neurologist visited the White House eight times in eight months?

(19m 5s):
Yes. People got questions about that Two years ago. We asked about that. That he was, it seems like he was showing early signs of dementia and people got upset and got mad. But it's only what you see and it, that's it. It seems like it keeps getting worse. They want us to not believe our eyes and our ears. Get it off Your chest. 805 8 5 1 0 5 1. Now we got Jess with the mess coming up. What we talking about? Lord Dirk's son shot his stepfather. He only in so we gonna get into that. Damn. All right we'll get into that. Nex is The. Breakfast. Club. Good morning The. Breakfast Club. Morning everybody. It's djj. NV Jess. Hilarious. Charlamagne the guy We are The. Breakfast. Club. Good morning. Let's get to Jess with the mess Is real. Jessica Robin Moore. Jess don't do no lying.

(19m 46s):
Don't do. She don't spare. Nobody spare Worldwide. Jess worldwide on The. Breakfast Club. She's a cultureship. She was Able to get y'all to see something and understand something that nobody could get you to See. It's time to set it off. I'm looking at my face in this zoom and yo I need my lashes done real big. Oh my gosh. Anyway, your Skin glowing though. Thank you so much. And That nose looks so big and beautiful. Okay dude Do thank you. People be trying to clown on women when You know they pregnant and they nose get spread. I think it's beautiful when the nose spread. Yes. People be in the comment like what happened to her face?

(20m 27s):
I am pregnant. You pregnant. It's so weird y'all Somebody did say that though. Like damn yo Jess You know she getting comfortable up there, stomach getting hit. I'm like yeah I don't even be, I ain't even telling him you're pregnant. I just said yeah man that's foul stomach. Big ass. You're wow. That's crazy. Anyway, Lord Dirk's son allegedly stopped. He shot his stepfather. So he's 10 years old. His name is Jerome. They call him Romeo and Joshua Pippins who is the stepfather to him, he posted some footage of an incident along with court documents to his social media and fans claiming that he only shared the information because he wants clout or whatever. He said that he doing it for his city. I don't even know what that means. What? But I swear he said he doing it for the city 'cause the only one do it for a city they don't own.

(21m 12s):
Don't own, don't own a block, don't own nothing. Not a building, nothing. Nobody Know you Like You doing it for the city. The documents say that Romeo's mother Trina pulled up to his house and started, they started arguing. So Romeo, the little boy, he was interviewed by DDCS family case manager. He told them that his mom had a gun but it didn't go off. He also said that Joshua had a gun that fell on the ground when he was struggling with his mother. So they was like going back and forth with tussling. Yeah, tussling and Romeo grabbed the gun and shot Joshua. He told DCS case manager that he was scared his mother was going to be shot.

(21m 52s):
He also told them that his mother and Joshua argue often and that his mom gets mad really fast. Joshua and Romeo's mother. So basically I hate the way they wrote this. Joshua and what's the girl name? Trina apparently had their own kids together who were also on the scene along with Joshua's mother and grandmother. And the document showed that DCS requested authorization for relative care, kinship or foster care for all of the children after the incident. But the stepfather went on social media and said my gun was on my hip. I was trying to protect myself from getting shot. I never in a million years thought a kid that I bought four wheelers for would actually like do this for me.

(22m 39s):
'cause I treat him like he mine. And I still love him like he mine. And then he also said, I pray y'all favorite rapper takes full custody of Romeo and get full custody of mines. Call me what y'all want to call me. It's about the kids. At the end of the day, I Don't care how many four wheelers you buy a kid, if a kid sees you or You know in any way threatening his tussling, his mother or his mother You know what he thought was tussling. Whether it's tussling, whether his arguing whatever. If he feels like his mother's being Threatened,

(23m 5s):
hibernation season is over and it's time to get some sun outside. Gather your crew and hit the road in the spacious 2024 Nissan Pathfinder your gateway to larger than life adventures with spacious seating for eight and available panoramic moonroof. Everyone can enjoy the journey and soak in the scenery of the great outdoors. Plus with an available towing capacity of up to 6,000 pounds in an available intelligent four-wheel drive feature with seven drive modes, you can take your favorite toys while adventuring on new terrains. Seize the thrill and start exploring with the 2024 Nissan Pathfinder today. Head over to Nissan usa.com to learn more intelligent. All-wheel drive cannot prevent collisions or provide enhanced traction in all conditions. Always monitor traffic and weather conditions. Towing capacity varies by configuration. See Nissan Towing Guide and Owner's manual for additional information. Always secure cargo

(23m 56s):
With public dot com's high yield cash account. You can grow your cash in an industry leading 5.1% A PY. There are no fees, subscriptions, minimums or maximums. Just 5.1% interest on your cash. That means you can grow your cash with 5.1% interest with no strings attached. It's as simple as that. Again, that's 5.1% interest with no fees. 5.1% interest with no subscription. 5.1% interest with no minimums or maximums. 5.1% interest with up to 5 million FDIC insurance just 5.1% interest. Straight up, no strings attached. Sign up today@public.com. 5.1% a PY as of 5 21 Subject to change. All investing involves risk of loss. Brokerage services offered by Public Investing Inc. Member FINRA and S-I-P-I-C not a bank. See public.com/disclosures for more

(24m 56s):
MIT's mission is to solve problems for a safer world. If, you have a passion for applied cybersecurity with skills in infrastructure, threat intelligence, deterrence technologies, advise threat, emulation or intelligence analysis. Explore the many challenging and fulfilling career opportunities@mitre.org slash careers. That's MITR e.org/careers.

(25m 24s):
It's time for today's Lucky Land Horoscope with Victoria Cash. Life's gotten mundane so shake up the daily routine and be adventurous. With a trip to Lucky Land You know what they say, your chance to win starts with a spin. So go to lucky lands slots.com to play over a hundred social casino style games for free for your chance to redeem some serious prizes. Get lucky today@luckylandsslots.com available To players in the us excluding Washington and Michigan. No purchase necessary V GW Group void. Were prohibited by law. 18 plus turns and conditions apply.

(25m 54s):
There Are moments in life that are so special that you have to capture them and save them forever. They are one of those once in a lifetime events like your baby's first steps, the first time you bring your family pet home or your daughter's first dance performance with iPhone 15 Pro more storage means you don't have to delete anything that can become a lasting memory one day. And it's important to be able to share these moments with family members who weren't there to see them in person. Store more, share more. Connect with iPhone 15 Pro on at and t. Get iPhone 15 Pro on at t and get an iPad and Apple Watch for 99 cents per month. Each at and t connecting changes everything. Limited time offer requires 0% a PR 36 month agreement on each well qualified customers other terms and restrictions. Apply c att.com/iphone for details.

(26m 44s):
He gonna hold mama down. Gonna protect that just is what it is. That's right. And. I believe the little boy story more than I believe the the adult because I I, when I heard him, the little boy took the gun off the hip and all of this. I'm like, who is this? Who's this little John Wick young man? I know. I mean John Wick Jr. Out here handling this business in Chicago that this his story sound more real. That the gun fell on the floor. He picked it up and used it. Yeah and He told kind of like both sides, like he was like, yo, my mother, she got, she get mad real angry real fast like we argue often. And he You know I just didn't want her to get hurt. Like he, he seemed like he got sense. So we we'll update as this story unfolds for real. Busta Rhymes goes off on a kre.

(27m 25s):
So he was at Essence Fest Friday and apparently he wasn't feeling the krells energy and he went off on them red play this audio. Everybody that's said get the up. Don't, don't, don't start with mother Me today. What the going on? Hey yo, them camera phones too. Let's get back to interacting like humans. Put them weird ass divisive down. I ain't from that era. Them s don't control the soul. Your phone. Excuse me gentlemen. Thank you very much. I will point every last one of y'all out until y'all assses this up. 33 years of doing this, I ain't you sitting down at my show. I don't give a fuck all age groups. Get your ass up now going on.

(28m 5s):
Everybody up top two. Get your big head asses up. I feel, I feel like I've seen Busta Rhymes do that before. I feel like that's a part of his show. Really? Yeah. I don't think that's a part of his show. I feel like I've seen him do things like that before. Like stop the music and be like, all y'all get up. Nobody in they seats right now. Get your big head asses up. Nah, usually Busta show got so much energy that nobody's actually sitting down. Yeah, Nobody ever be sitting down. I seen him in concert maybe like three or four times. Nobody be sitting down. Yeah, not at all. But Busta also gotta remember too, that's Essence Festival And and and the age group is a little higher. Yeah. So you, you might be 60-year-old, 70-year-old. They might be tired if he might be hurt. They Might have I to say because that's his era. You act like you act like busting ain't over 50.

(28m 45s):
Nah, I said 60 I 70 say Essence Festival is a pretty seasoned Festival. Yes. People might be tired, they gotta sit down for a second. I will say in this era, camera phones and the fact the arena look kind of empty, it amplifies this story. And to this generation I think they think, they think Busta Rhymes is mad. But to us that's just Busta Rhymes. Busta came in the game, rah rah in like a dungeon dragon. He Wants to give you that energy. He wants people to get up. He wants people to interact with with him. So yeah, that's Bus And I remember Method Man complained about like the same thing a few weeks back after he did a show, but it was a different show. It wasn't like nowhere in New Orleans. He like, I think it's like the phones and people just having like the lackluster energy. Like who is this? But that it was the age gap at the Method Man show.

(29m 28s):
'cause they were all really, really young. But Essence Fest. No, they were like that was the era. But I promise I've seen Busta do that before though. I've seen him stop the show. Tell I'm not doing nothing to all y'all. Get up out your seats. I've seen him do that before. That was your Busta voice. No, nobody can do Busta voice. Okay. Nobody. Nobody. All right, last story. Boozy Booey accused of kicking women out the club. So on the 4th of July, Booey was out partying at KOD. Shout out to KOD. Can't wait to get back there. A female fan approached him and told him something that he ain't like. So he got kicked out the club and this is her side of the story We at? Where we was at KOD.

(30m 8s):
He sent security up there. They come to get me. I'm like dang, I didn't even look how y'all, I'm small. Like what? I ain't even do anything like your breath was Stank but because I told you breath was Stank, you got me kicked out the cup. I'm never going to nothing else. How did you tell me my breath was Stank? Did you tell me from a place of concern or was you trying to make me feel bad about my breath being Stank? Yeah, like Why would you even have, why would you even tell him his breath Stank? Like just back up like or You know. Hold your breath. It's, it's, he's still a human. Everybody Breathly stinking sometimes And If. you told me about breath Stank after I'm getting you removed now you just mad at me now you just angry. Now you just hating. Okay. Yeah.

(30m 48s):
Well she showed, she shared a video of Booie in a clip looking at her while like she was one of the ops. But deep down his eyes you could see that his feelings was Hurt. And I. Bet you people in the conference were saying he looked like his breast Stank. I bet you they was saying that. They been saying that before she came along. Damn About Booy saying it. Yeah, they was saying it. 'cause You know when you get the little white stuff like in the, in the corners, everybody like, oh my God he look like he ain't brush his teeth. What are you talking, Telling somebody? Telling somebody their breath. Stank is whack. 'cause you never know what a person is going through. They might need a root canal You. know what I'm saying? Or no, I'm just making you Do it all the time. Shalam, what you talking about? I do, but that's because I feel like You know that is something so simple.

(31m 29s):
And I want somebody to do the same for me. If my breath Stank, just tell me so I can goggle real quick because I keep mouthwash on me. Go brush my teeth. Something. I think people be worried about people's feelings, like hurting their feelings instead of letting them walk around talking to everybody face. It depends How you say it though. Yeah, You know. I mean it's definitely a way to say it. You could just say, yo yo, you a little tart, right? You know. That's good. Nah. Charlemagne be like, God boy, when The last time Met you Creep into addictions because that's my favorite thing to say. Smell like you need a root canal because that mean that lets You know the urgency of the situation. Your breath is Stank Stank. But you could take them to the side. Yo, it would be everybody in the room. That's, We all know each other in here though. That's different.

(32m 11s):
Okay, now don't talk. It's, that's just for the mess for the first hour, y'all. All right, thank you Jess. Now when we come back, we got front page news. So don't move. It's The Breakfast Club. Good morning, Wake Up. Wake up. You're locked into The. Breakfast Club. Morning Everybody is CJ NV Jess ais Charlamagne the guy We are The Breakfast. Club. Let's get back in some front page news. Good morning Morgan. Good morning. I sure y'all wanna get back into It? Of course Morgan. Good morning, Morgan den. All Righty den. Okay, so Senate Democrats are working on legislation to classify former President Donald Trump's actions leading up to the attack on the US Capitol as unofficial Acts Senate majority leader Chuck Schumer said this is in response to the Supreme Court's ruling that presidents are entitled to broad immunity for official acts.

(32m 59s):
Let's hear more from Senator Chuck Schumer. I will work with my colleagues on legislation classifying Trump's election. Subversion acts as unofficial acts not subject to immunity. We're doing this because we believe that in America no president should be free to overturn an election against the will of the people. The conservative majority's decision on immunity is the most un-American proposition. The very antithesis of what the framers envisioned. Presidential immunity is nowhere to be found in the Constitution. Yeah, So Schomer said the conservative justices effectively placed a crown on Trump's head in their ruling and Congress has the authority to check the high court.

(33m 40s):
Now the ruling is expected to impact Trump's federal election interference case as well as other criminal cases against the former president. And because of that ruling, it will also impact the current sitting president and president's there to come. I Can ask a question. I I, I was on vacation the past week as y'all know I was in the beautiful country of Anguilla. But I would wake up and work out and watch CNN and M-S-N-B-C and it seems that there was more coverage about Biden dropping out and how bad he did a debate at the debate than there is about the presidential immunity. That's the Supreme Court. Granted presidents, I personally would think that one of those things will take precedent in the media and it should be the Supreme Court thing. Why isn't it more conversation about what the Supreme Court has done in regards to granting presidential immunity?

(34m 24s):
The presidents, What I mentioned yesterday is that they, we are, they're trying to discover or figure out what the boundaries are for official and unofficial acts. So there's got you, they're they're still looking at a lot of, of You know cases in regards to what is official, what defines official and unofficial acts from a president. So yeah, we'll figure I'll keep you posted on it. Trust me, I'm I wanna know too. Got you. Ohio Senator JD Vance is defending former president's Trump former President Trump's claim that he'll appoint a pro, a special prosecutor to investigate President Biden if he's elected. Now during an interview with NBC's meet the press, the Republican said, Trump is simply saying he'll investigate alleged wrongdoing in the Biden administration.

(35m 5s):
So let's hear more from Ohio. Senator JD Vance. So I think Donald Trump saying, look, let's do the basic work of investigating wrongdoing is a totally reasonable thing for him to do. And frankly the Biden administration has done far worse. I would absolutely support investigating prior wrongdoing by our government. Absolutely. That's what you have to have in a system of law and order. Of course he will. We told you this months ago. If Trump gets back in the White House, he's looking for revenge. He's putting cases on all you bitches. What are you talking about? So, so one minute you have a, a system of law and order and then the next minute you justify election interference and insurrections Got it. No, but furthermore the Supreme Court remember did pass that legislation saying that presidents will have that partial immunity.

(35m 48s):
So make it make sense. We gotta figure out what that official capacity is. So this comes as Trump has threatened to appoint a special prosecutor to target Biden and his family if reelected Now Ohio Senator JD Vance is reportedly on Trump's short list for vice presidents along with Florida Senator Marco Rubio and North Dakota Governor Doug Bergham. And moving on. President Biden will host a high stakes NATO summit in Washington DC this week to mark the 75th anniversary of the alliance. Something that Trump was not trying to continue that NATO alliance. Now, national Security Council spokesman John Kirby said NATO has been a major focus of the Biden administration's hear more from John Kirby.

(36m 31s):
75 years NATO has served a vital role in protecting the American people and making The World a less dangerous place. NATO is the strongest defensive alliance in history and today it is bigger, stronger, better resourced, and more united than ever before. In large part due to President Biden's leadership over the past three years, president's looking forward to hosting the leaders from 38 different countries this week in Washington for a historic summit to mark the 75th anniversary of the NATO summit. This will obviously include the leaders of all our NATO allies as well as NATO partners including Ukraine, Japan, New Zealand, and the Republic of Korea. So that summit comes at a critical time again for Biden as he's under pressure to show how he's fit to serve another four years as president.

(37m 11s):
Following his altering debate performance against Donald Trump that prompted some to call him to drop out the election. The president will hold a press conference on Thursday to close out the summit, which I am scheduled to attend. And I will report back to you guys and let y'all know how that went. Hopefully yes, Get that exclusive girl. Yeah, we'll we'll see. Hopefully You know this is gonna be a good time, a good opportunity for Biden to redeem himself on a public stage. So yeah, that's The front page. He fall, he gonna fall on that public stage. Oh no he not. Wow. Don't what? Why? Dammit man. That's front page News on Morgan Wood. You can follow me on socials at Morgan Media. And for more news coverage, be sure you guys check out the Black Information Network at Black Information Network and BIN news.com.

(37m 56s):
Alright, thank you Morgan. Thank y'all. Talk to y'all again. Peace Morgan. Alright, well 805 8 5 1 0 5 1. What are the rules to co-parenting when it comes to relocating? All right, so let's say you are moving out of town. What are the rules? Do you bring your child with you? Does your child stay? What are the rules? What is the conversations like? I mean, you had to have a conversation, right? Just 'cause you came up here to, to work and, and yeah, Rome still lives out in Baltimore. But even, Even before then, because I didn't wanna snatch Ash outta school that he was going to in the middle of the year. I kind of came up here like, like in the middle of the year for real. So, but, but he's gonna move with me when I move back to Jersey after two.

(38m 36s):
I mean, when I come back to Jersey after maternity leave, but before like just leaving, when I started going like when I would be wilding out or when I did the sitcom route, when I first started touring, I had to leave. I had to make the bread, I had to make the money's right. Of course I could have stayed in Baltimore, found a job and not You know, but that's not what I wanted to do. You know for myself and my family. But Rome, Rome was about to move to South Carolina now 'cause he got a job opportunity that he wants to take down there, but he got five kids. So we in actually in the middle of discussing that right now, like, yo, what are you going to do? 'cause you, a lot of your kids are like younger, right? You know. And so of course they primarily live with their mom.

(39m 18s):
But what are you going do your, your daughter's in sports, right? Yeah. They got friends and all that. You right? Yes. And all him and all his kids are very, very close. Like all of them, they all daddy's kids. So it's like, I don't know. He trying, he really trying to figure out how he should do it. Alright, well let's open up the phone lines we'll discuss when we come back. 805 8 5 1 0 5 1. What are the rules to co-parenting? When it comes to relocating? It's The Breakfast. Club. Good morning The Breakfast Club. Steady calling my man. It's topic time. Call 8 5 8 5 1 0 5 1 to join into the discussion with The Breakfast Club.

(40m 0s):
Morning everybody. It's DEJ envy. Jess, hilarious Charlamagne the guy We are The Breakfast Club. If you're just joining us, we're talking about co-parenting. When one parent moves out of state, we're asking 805 8 5 1 0 5 1. What are the rules to co-parenting when it comes to relocating? Now Jess, I know you are in a, in a similar situation actually twice because once you left Baltimore and you moved to Jersey and now Rome is actually moving to South Carolina, Ashton's dad Absolutely, absolutely. But see, like that's crazy 'cause like I'm the mom so my kids gonna come with me like in Jersey You know you. It's, it's, it's, I'm not saying that kids don't usually live with their dad, but I'm primary guardian.

(40m 42s):
So Ashton is coming with me to Jersey after maternity leave and so is this baby this, she's gonna be with me. But like I said before, I had to leave him with his dad and my mom when I, when I first started traveling, when I first started doing like wilding out and other You know TV production, You know other film and stuff. But I, I just had to make the money. The opportunity was great. That's why I feel like I wanted to have my kids. Now Rome just got a great opportunity. You know he works in education, got a great opportunity in South Carolina. So he's moving to South Carolina. He also got five kids.

(41m 22s):
You know Ash included, but like three of them are younger, really, really young. And they're all tied to their father's hip. So it's like he trying to figure out a way now, like how can he make that work all the way, right? And he, it is not Delaware, it is not Virginia, it is not Jersey. He's going down south, right? So we trying to make that work now. 'cause he don't wanna leave his kids, but he got be great opportunity. I mean, and And I think what you said opportunity. I of course I'm not, I don't, I never dealt with that issue, but it would've to be opportunity, right? So if he's moving to South Carolina and the school district is better, the living is a better situation, I would, I would assume that he would want his kids to come with him. And I'm assume that any of his, his, his baby moms would want the kids to go where the situation would be absolutely better for the kids, right?

(42m 8s):
But what if the situation isn't better for the kids? What if, what if right now this is a situation where Rome is moving to South Carolina so he can establish himself. Himself, right? So he can provide for the kids You know in the future this might not be the time for the kids to come with him down to South Carolina because it may not be the best thing for them at the moment. Yeah. And then how do their moms see them? Right? You know what I'm saying? Because they go to school, they all go to school from their mom's house to daycare. They already got them in like sports and their life is already what it is here. Like, like Charlemagne said, Rome is moving to get himself established so he can do more for his children. Canon Nick can Nick Canon got y'all gassed up. What you mean Nick Cannon got y'all thinking that y'all can be You know in a bunch of different places at one time.

(42m 52s):
Okay, but I'm telling you right now, Nick Cannon's not even capable of doing it. Of course not. Okay. But you, But you always want your kid to be in a better situation regardless of, of wherever they live. If, if it could be right, even if, and take it out, out outta Rome. But if somebody has to move to another state established themselves, then you bring your kids with you later on. But you want your kids to have a a, a better education, a better living situation, a safer living situation in some aspects. You know you, you wanna do what's best for The kids, right? Your kid, your kids are only going to have better If. you are the best version of yourself If you Can do. Yeah, That's right. So Rome is going off to South Carolina You know to, to try to be the best version of himself and, and hopefully in the future, that's the risk, right? Hopefully in the future you hope that You know you're able to provide for your kids in a better way.

(43m 34s):
But that's the risk you take in the gamble. You take at this moment, sir, by moving to South Carolina. Alright, we got Samantha in a lot. Samantha, good morning. Good Morning DJ and v Charle Lane and just hilarious peace. Hey girl. So we're asking what are the rules to co-parent when it comes to relocating Samantha? It actually happened to me. It we, my dad passed and he got sick and he ended up passing, then my mom got sick. I had to move from Georgia to Michigan. And, I was blaming and I'm like, well, You know I can't, I got the call. My dad had less than 24 hours. And, I had to get here. When I got here, he passed and then my mom got sick and he didn't understand. He told my son like, your mom just don't want you to be with me.

(44m 14s):
She's just mad. Like, I'm like, that's not it. And then I'm like, can you take care of her? And he was like, not right now. But I got my mom, that's not his mom. So I was blamed for like two years, but eventually we end up co-parenting. It ended up working out and he goes every summer and every break. But it was hard at first. Okay, well thank you Samantha. I'm glad y'all working it out though, right? Yeah, Yeah. We worked it out for the most part, but at the end of the day, You know I'm still the bad person. You Still the but you still, you still think people look at you as the bad person. Oh for sure. Like when his, when he tell his story, I am the devil. Damn. He just packed up and love. But how do you make that decision with me just picking up and coming to Michigan and my dad was sick and then he passed and then my mom gets sick.

(44m 57s):
There's no question with that. My, my family is first. Yeah, You know. Well, thank you Samantha. We got Zoe on the line. Zoe, good morning. Hi, good Morning. Where you calling from? I'm actually calling from Ohio. Ohio. Okay. So what are the rules to co-parenting when it comes to relocating? I think it's, it's super 50 50. I've actually recently relocated from Illinois to Ohio the past couple weekends. And currently the father of my son doesn't want to participate in the co-parenting aspect. He wants me to do a hundred percent of the transportation for his parenting time, which is super, super big for me. You know, I think it's, it's kind of selfishness on that aspect and You know it's not really in the best interest of our child.

(45m 37s):
So it's, it's definitely a big thing for co-parenting that it is 50 50 regardless of your feeling brought. Okay, well thank you. Yeah, Yeah, no problem. 805 8 5 1 0 5 1. What are the rules to co-parenting when it comes to relocating, but taking your calls right now is The Breakfast Club. Good morning. If y'all talking about it You know we talking about it, it's topic times. Call 805 8 5 1 0 5 1 to join into the discussion with The Breakfast Club Morning everybody. It's DJ Envy. Jess hilarious Charlamagne the guy. We are The Breakfast, Club nephew. Just joining us, we're asking what are the rules to co-parenting when it comes to relocating.

(46m 21s):
Now Jess, she's talked about it before. She relocated from Baltimore to New Jersey and also her, her baby father Rome. She talks about him all the time. He's actually moving to South Carolina. So let me ask you a question. If, if Rome wanted to take

(46m 34s):
Ashton, Hibernation season is over and it's time to get some sun outside. Gather your crew and hit the road in the spacious 2024 Nissan Pathfinder your gateway to larger than life adventures with spacious seating for eight and available panoramic moonroof. Everyone can enjoy the journey and soak in the scenery of the great Outdoors. Plus with an available towing capacity of up to 6,000 pounds. And an available intelligent four wheel drive feature with seven drive modes, you can take your favorite toys while adventuring on new terrains. Seize the thrill and start exploring with the 2024 Nissan Pathfinder today. Head over to Nissan usa.com to learn more. Intelligent all wheel drive cannot prevent collisions or provide enhanced traction in all conditions. Always monitor traffic and weather conditions. Towing capacity varies by configuration. See Nissan Towing Guide and Owner's manual for additional information. Always secure cargo

(47m 34s):
With public dot com's high yield cash account. You can grow your cash in an industry leading 5.1% a PY, there are no fees, subscriptions, minimums, or maximums, just five point percent interest on your cash. That means you can grow your cash with 5.1% interest with no strings attached. It's as simple as that. Again, that's 5.1% interest with no fees. 5.1% interest with no subscription. 5.1% interest with no minimums or maximums. 5.1% interest with up to 5 million FDIC insurance, just 5.1% interest. Straight up, no strings attached. Sign up today@public.com. 5.1% a PY as of 5 21. Subject to change. All investing involves risk of loss. Brokerage services offered by public Investing, Inc. Member FINRA and S-I-P-I-C, not a bank. See public.com/disclosures for more.

(48m 34s):
Mitre is investing in a massive AI supercomputer to power a new federal AI sandbox with AI's potential to drive transformational advances across industries. MIT's expertise in healthcare, cybersecurity, transportation, finance, climate, and national security will be critical. Transform your career while helping solve problems for a safer world. Visit mitre.org/careers. That's mitre.org/careers.

(49m 3s):
Judy was boring. Hello then Judy discovered chumba casino.com. It's my little escape Now Judy's the life of the party. Oh baby Mama's bringing home the bacon. Whoa. Take it easy. Judy Chumba. The Chumba life is for everybody. So go to chumba casino.com and play over a hundred casino style games. Join today and play for free for your chance to redeem some serious prices. Jumpa casino.com. No purchase necessary void. Were prohibited by law. 18 plus terms and conditions apply. See website for details.

(49m 34s):
Boston proper is for women who love distinctive style in styles that don't define them. Boston proper designs are unique and made to fit flawlessly. You know the fashion changes, but style is forever and yours is your very own. Boston proper creates original pieces and curates entire collections for any season. Confident women wear Boston proper as an expression of who they are. With chic, polished styling and unforgettable looks that get noticed anytime, every day. And on any occasion from classic and iconic to on trend and of the moment, Boston Proper creates one of a kind pieces to bring exclusive looks and elevated outfits to you. Only the way Boston Proper can. Boston proper is your source for those must have items made to fit flawlessly. When you want that certain something in everything you wear, wear Boston proper. Sign up for VIP access and enjoy 20% off shop@bostonproper.com and wear it like no one else

(50m 34s):
With him. What would that conversation be like? Would would, would you care? Would it bother you or would you say, You know what, let's give this a shot. How? How would that conversation happen? Well, he did ask me that and I told him no. So it was no conversation. He was just like, no, Nah, it was, yeah, it, it was, it was a con. It was just no. And why You know? Because I, this is now like my time with him, I already missed a lot of time. I You know when I first started traveling and actually doing TV and doing shows, I missed a lot of my baby time. You know I missed out on games I missed out on, well I made every graduation but I missed out on so many things and it's like, no, I want to have him with me. I wanna have my new, my new baby like, like raise them with me like You know.

(51m 19s):
I just really want to be gotcha in the household with my kids cooking, coming home, cooking for them, doing homework with them, taking them out places, doing all types of things with them. And I, I don't know Ra 12. I'm like, damn, when You know time flies. That's Right. Yeah. It really, really flies. Like I still can't believe that is that he's this age right now. Like my baby been with me for a minute, You know and it was just me and him, but now it's really gonna, we're really gonna be like in that whole traditional got you home setting. So I did tell him no, Rome definitely understood me and Rome got the best co-parenting relationship. He understands. He just asked You know and it was no, but he gonna be going down there to see his dad though.

(52m 2s):
Got you. We got Jamie on the line. Jamie, good morning. Good morning. So, so what are the rules when it comes to co-parenting and relocating? So I was just saying in my opinion, and I'm just speaking for my own experience, I relocated a couple years ago for a job. And. I, just really feel that If, you have a good co-parenting relationship with your child's father or mother while you're living locally. Then there needs to be a discussion had. But in my case, if your child's father is not actively involved locally while they're residing 20 minutes away, then I'm not explaining anything unless it's an emergency. I got you. I feel you. Thank you Jamie. I understand That. Thank You. Jamie said you ain't in the life so I ain't telling you ish.

(52m 43s):
Right? So what, why, what, what does it even matter like If, you living there near them the whole time and you ain't doing nothing. What difference does it make it from going To you? Right. Hello? Who's this G from Florida. How y'all doing G from Florida? What's up brother East? What? What? What's your what's opinion G Call name? What's up? What up? What's that? What's your opinion g? My opinion man, I think You know as far as co-parenting from different states or it is not so much bad, but You know it takes a village. You know you need a village around you to support you. You know you being miles away a thousand miles away. Sometimes you may be a man, a family emergency, You know your child may need something or needs you and sometimes it is not, it is not as easy as being You know maybe 10 minutes away, 15 minutes away versus a whole hour You know flight away type situation.

(53m 28s):
So You know, like I said, it just takes a village You know you need, you need that, you need that proper support system. You need that ability, you need that, that comfortability when it comes to that as far as the mindset. Okay. Thank you G. Yes sir. All right, let's go to one more call. Hello, who's this? This is Julian. Julian, good morning. Where you calling from? From Florida. Florida. What part of Florida? Delray Beach. Okay, so we're asking what's the rules when it comes to co-parents and relocating? So I feel like You know both parents need to be in the kids' life. If one parent has to move and the other parent could move too, then great. But if they can't, I feel like both parents need to make sure be in the kids' life wherever they are. You know my situation, my son was moving around 'cause his mom was married to someone in the military.

(54m 13s):
Mm. And the judge okayed to move when we went to court. So You know sometimes my, my son would come visit me and he was doing like new stuff and I'm like, yo, I don't even know this kid man. Like, so I was like, man, I need to move to wherever he's at. You know. Right. So my job allowed me to be able to do that. So whenever they would move, like stay two years into place, stay one year in a place, wherever they would move, I would move too. Damn. So you moving all over the country with them? Mm Yeah. I was moving, that's a dedicated dad was moving to North Carolina, Colorado. I was moving all over the place just 'cause I needed him to have a peace of mind. Like, yo, my dad lived like right down the street. Right. You know. So like he was having like behavioral problems in school and when I moved, it all started to stop You know.

(54m 55s):
'cause he was like, yo, like my dad lived right down the street. So it made it a lot easier for him because right in my head it was all about him. You know. How did your ex feel when you kept moving with, with, with her? Really? Well I think, I think her and her husband at first they didn't like it just because all the control and all the stuff that they was doing, they just went out the window. Right. You know what I mean? Violating like the parenting plan and stuff like that. So I don't think they liked it, but I, I I could kind of care less. Now let me ask you a question. Now you gotta If. you have a new girl, a man, whatever you into. Does your, your new girl or or or spouse or significant other move with you now too? They, they're cool with the situation. Well the way the situation is now. She went through a divorce and during that timeframe I was able to convince her to send my son to live with me until she figured out her situation and she sent him to live with me and he been with me ever since.

(55m 44s):
So my son is with me now. He been with me almost three years now. Well that's what it is. All right. Well thank you Julian. I appreciate it man. What's The moral of the story guys? What's the Moral of the story? Just hilarious, Huh? The more other story I think, I think his parents, his parents don't go away to stay away. They go away to make a way. Yeah. Go away to make a way. Now some, sometimes in some cases you do have parents that go away to stay away. But in, in, in Rome's case, I really think it's going away to make a way. And a lot of these callers cases, they had some some strong valid points as well. You know. But more so like you said, char like you gotta get yourself together to be able to be in a position where you can take care of your kids.

(56m 26s):
Whether that's 1, 2, 3, 4, or five You know you have to, it is never gonna be perfect. Nowhere. But if, but If, you starting with yourself and trying to get yourself together. I think that's better than just not working on yourself at all. All struggling. Well thank you Jess. Now we got the mess coming up. Speaking of this conversation, DeVito was referring to his daughter. Right? And he told her mother you can have her. So we gonna get into that. All right, we'll get into that. Nexus. The. Breakfast Club. Good morning. Why Big Doja Stewart shot at Iggy Aza? Man, I saw somebody, I saw that on the blog. She said it was, she said she was hacked. She got Hacked. She said she was hacked. Damn. That came from left Field too, right? All play with play.

(57m 6s):
What? It If. you want to now? Oh, stop it. All right. Y'all keep acting like Gza. You don't got no boss. Oh boy. Aza Ball. You up Doja. See Doja said she was hacked. Hey, don't get scared now. You know what? Yesterday I got a chance to see Bad Boys four. Did you see it yet? No, I haven't seen Bad Boys Four. I haven't been to the movies in a while. Even though there was a couple of movies I wanted to see, I wanted to see The Planet of the Apes. That new movie. I wanted to see Bad Boys four. But I will be in the movie theaters when Dead Pull and Wol Wolverine comes out in a couple of weeks. Oh, Okay. Yeah, I seen Bad Boy last night. Good. It was pretty good. I enjoyed it. I I, I really, really, really enjoyed it. A lot of cool people in there. It's, it's, it's, I seen them doing another one quick too. 'cause I mean that movie's still doing well. It's still Breaking Box Office numbers.

(57m 48s):
It's doing well. And And I like it And I, And I. Don't see why they couldn't be like I was, I was talking to somebody yesterday was like, yeah, don't you think they're gonna wear it out? I'm like, it's Fast and Furious. They wear Fast and Furious Out. They come out with a new one every year. Right? Every year and a half. Yeah. So why can't they do another Bad Boys? I mean it's really up to the, the people. It's up to Martin. I it's up to Will Smith. I mean You know they both have very busy schedules. Like Martin's about to go back on tour, I'm sure Will is jumping in to do other movies and they up in age. It's not easy to do the Maxie movies like that. You know at that age. I, I haven't seen the new one though. So I don't know how much action they're doing. Ha has a lot of action, but they got a lot of action around it too. Gotcha. So they don't have to do, get as physical. Gotcha. But the people around them does. And it, it, it, it makes sense. But it was pretty dope. It was pretty dope. I have, I have no problem with it.

(58m 27s):
Alright. And yo salute the everybody man. Thank you. Go. My book is out. I just wanna throw that out there. Get honest or Die Lying. Why small talk sucks. You know. I'll be back on the road since we're back from vacation. I'll be back on the road promoting the book. I think I'll be, I'm I'm supposed to be somewhere this weekend. Actually I forgot. Oh boy. I'll get up to speed today. Alright, well I'm just getting back guys. I was in ULA for the last 10 days. All right, well when we come back we got Jess with the mess. Usually she would be teasing but she's not on the screen right Now. She's pregnant. She's on that toilet. You see that bathroom door right there? Yeah. I don't know if y'all can see us on T or you can't see us on tv 'cause we're not on tv. No, but when you watch back later on YouTube, you see that little door? Yep. That little door. That's the bathroom. No, I can see her move it. I saw her in the reflection just now.

(59m 8s):
Yeah. Okay, well just with the mess when we come back is The. Breakfast. Club. Good morning. Morning everybody. It's DJ Envy. Jess. Hilarious. Charlemagne the guy. We are The Breakfast. Club. I just wanna let you guys know one of our producers Fat Mack is he he, he talks about Big Mac. Big Mac. I'm sorry Big Mac. Jess had a baby shower over the weekend and Jess didn't invite him. And boy Baby, that is, I shouldn't have not been that. He has mentioned it at least nine times. The fact that Jess did not invite him to the baby shower, I wouldn't invite his big ass either. There's only but so much food to go around Jesus Christ. I'm sure that when you do things in a baby shower, are you, am I lying Jess? No, you're not lying. Charlamagne. But come on. Like this is what I'm talking about you.

(59m 48s):
It depends on how you say things. You aint to say I wouldn't invite his big ass evil. How About there's only but so much food I got. I'm just saying Let's get the Jess with the best. Let Moore just don't do no lying. She Don't nobody Worldwide. Jess Worldwide Method on The. Breakfast Club. She's a cultureship. She was Able to get y'all to see something and understand something that nobody could get you To see. It's time to set it on. Okay, so we gonna get to DeVito 'cause that, that's crazy. But another lawsuit against Diddy is what I want to come first.

(1h 0m 29s):
Ex porn star English filed a lawsuit against Diddy last week. She's accusing him for sexual assault and sex trafficking. She claims that she met Diddy around 2004 when her boyfriend, who was a model auditioned for AAN John Gig. She alleged that our boyfriend and another model were told that they needed to perform oral sex on Diddy to get the job. Dang. Just, yep. Just straight out the gate. But our boyfriend declined but he still got the job after another Sean John employee gave him a second chance. I told You about said gave him a blow job. No, no, No, no. I could see how that that sounded but no, I don't know what the second chance Was. Literal got the job after he got his man to do it for Jesus.

(1h 1m 11s):
The man said he was going. His man said he was gonna give D Cio like he gonna take one for the team. So they needed them jobs real bad. Joe. She also claimed that he got the job under the terms that he would get her to work as a go-go dancer at Diddy's upcoming white party in the Hamptons. That led to her working at several Diddy parties where she claimed she was forced to drink alcohol laced with other drugs like ecstasy and told her to flirt with guests. She claims that Diddy began grooming her for sex trafficking and eventually ended up demanding for her to have sex with Jacob de Jeweler, who was also listed as a defendant in the suit. She said after she was forced to sleep with Jacob de Jeweler, she was paid an additional thousand dollars for the day.

(1h 1m 51s):
From there she claimed that she started to get passed off to other men at Diddy parties. She said she eventually escaped Diddy and Retaliated and he retaliated by Blackballing her and her boyfriend, but not the homeboy. Since the news of the lawsuit came out, outlets have been reaching out for her to, for like a tell all interview. This is what she said. And a source involved in negotiating an interview with her, shared some of her demands. And the list is crazy. She got, this is what she wants in exchange for her tell all interviews. She wants two first class flights from LA to New York for herself and her husband.

(1h 2m 32s):
Two separate flights for her attorneys. Two nights A and a four star hotel with breakfast included hair, makeup and wardrobe services from specific vendors plus meals and snacks throughout the day of shooting. This bitch thinks she about to be on real victims of Hollywood. This is a whole reality show. Yeah, I don't understand it because it's a lot. You've already told all all it. It's out there. What say you gave us the most juiciest part of that story. That's it. Which is you wanted your boyfriend or did you wanted your boyfriend allegedly to give him fellatio for you to get a job And you put that man out there like that. Yes. That's you told. We need to know her attorney claims that You was Wow.

(1h 3m 15s):
Yeah, her attorney claims that the requests were made by her team and not her personally. There was more actually on the list of requests, but it was cut down to the essential needs since it will be her first real interview. Her inter, I mean her attorney said we have limited financial sources to bring a billionaire to justice. But just like David, sometimes a little is enough. Guess who the attorney is? Oh, Tyrone Blackburn. I've been talking about this man for, for three months. Yo say he keep on having these same cases. Okay, so guess at Some point though, Tyrone gonna have to start winning some of these cases. Yeah, because that, that, that's the thing that you never hear about.

(1h 3m 57s):
You always hear about people being sued, but what y'all rarely hear is that a lot of these people don't ever get anything. Never Cases get get dropped Cases get cases. Yeah. Cases get dropped, cases get dismissed. 'cause a lot of 'em are frivolous. I know and at least Andre, they got $300. Remember Diddy was like, girl take this 300 You know for what? I don't remember that. She, she had a a, I don't, I don't even know if it went to court, but oh her royalties, remember she was like suing for her royalties. Like you gave certain people back there so you didn't gimme mine and they give her 300 ain $300. Damn. So he gave our guess what it was worth and it was worth three. You stupid. You three, you stupid, you stupid, you stupid. Yep. So DeVito tells his daughter, mama, look, you can have her DeVito filed a motion requesting joint custody of his daughter.

(1h 4m 41s):
Ima day. And the mother Sophia responded to the lawsuit saying that his daughter is a minor and as her mother, she has to stay with me all her life. Damn. And her life And, I been responsible. Oh yeah. So she's saying she's been responsible for the welfare and the upkeep and the wellbeing all this time. You can't just snatch her away from me. She also said the fact that DeVito lost his son and his house is rather unfortunate and questionable circumstances show that our daughter cannot be placed in his custody. That was very, very low DeVito's son. I do not know how to pronounce his name. I'm so sorry. He passed away on November 1st after drowning at his house. Mm. Dto responded to Sylvia's comments on his Insta story and that's what he had said.

(1h 5m 24s):
Like basically, yo, you can have a So that was very, very low You know what I'm saying? Like and that really, really hurt his feelings that You know 'cause he did lose his son. That's right. And for you to put that in a lawsuit You know what I mean? Like, and, and I'm not on anyone's side 'cause I don't know either of these people or the cus You know custodial battles or anything like that. But when you bring up somebody's deceased child, You know who You know definitely died in a tragic way like that. An accident that strucks a nerve as an accident. It struck a nerve with him. So I know he said what he said out of his feelings. But that was, that was really, that was a blow for sure. So that's just for the mess for the second hour. Thank You Jess Charlamagne. We giving that Down too, man.

(1h 6m 5s):
I need the Supreme Court of the United States of America to come to the front of the congregation. We would like to have a word with them. Man, this is something I just been paying attention to while we was on vacation. And I. Wanna discuss this morning. Alright, we'll Get into that. Next. It's The Breakfast Club. Good morning You are checking out The Breakfast Club. This is a miracle. There is no question that there are problems in this country between police and community. Yes you are a donkey To the latest on that police killing of a black man. Now a new developments in the deadly spa shooting rampage. Man, yesterday was a really bad day for him and this is what he did. And So we are in a state of emergency, Okay? White supremacist violence is always has been the number one threat to our society.

(1h 6m 49s):
But I'm Also very proud that My wife is white The Breakfast Club bitches. Alright, Charlene, please tell me why was I your donkey of the day? Donkey of the day for Tuesday, July 9th goes to the Supreme Court of the United States of America. Now for the past 10 days, I have been at my home, away from home, the beautiful island of Illa dropping the cruise bombs for the A XA. You see this beautiful tan I got? Okay, absolutely got my feel of vitamin D envy. Don't get excited. Okay? I'm talking about the sun's ultraviolet race. I know what you are doing out there and, and, and You know every day I woke up, worked out and had CNN on M-M-S-M-S-N-B-C on while I worked out. And it was surprising to me that what was dominating the news, especially on the left-leaning networks, was how bad Joe Biden was at the debate and speculation on whether he should drop out.

(1h 7m 35s):
By the way, I'm all for that conversation even though I believe the conversation is like two years too late because I've been asking those questions. Is the Biden Harris ticket a winnable ticket? When I did the daily show last December, I said President Biden should give America the biggest Christmas gift and step aside. So I don't have a problem with any of these questions being asked, this discussion being had because it should be. I just think y'all too late on having the conversation. And I also feel like left-leaning networks are not making the main thing. The main thing there is a A side and a B side. And the B side to me You know should be President Biden. The A side. The A side should be the fact that the Supreme Court is no longer a legitimate court, okay?

(1h 8m 19s):
A court that has a six three conservative majority and three of those judges were appointed by Donald Trump. They have done a lot of highly controversial rulings. Abolishing Roe v Wade legalizing bribery, a public officials and the one that everybody should be should be talking about. The one that should be the A side on the news, especially the left-leaning outlets declaring the president of the United States absolutely immune from criminal prosecution for official acts. What is an official act? Who knows? But let's go to a, b, C news for the report please. Well This is a in no short sense with a big win for Donald Trump, it means delay. We already knew that a trial on these charges would be unlikely before the presidential election.

(1h 9m 1s):
Now it's all but impossible based on today's decision. And I wanna just quote for you from the dissent here. This is a supreme court that is sharply divided on this issue along ideological lines. This was a six to three decision. The conservatives issuing that decision that Terry just outlined, the liberals in this case dissenting very, very sharply in stark language. In fact, justice Sonia Sotomayor said today that the court gives Donald Trump all the immunity that he asked for and more. She accuses the court of an a textual, a historical and unjustifiable immunity test that in her view puts the president above the law Lord it so, as much as many court observers had hoped that this court would somehow try to find a decision that would unify on their bench in the country, they did not do that here.

(1h 9m 51s):
And this is a sharply divided opinion. Now I don't understand why this isn't the A side story everywhere. Okay, here's the thing, and correct me if I'm wrong on this, but when you say a president is immune from criminal prosecution for official acts, who determines what's sufficient and what's not official? It seems to me that these rulings mean the Supreme Court. And only the Supreme Court gets the final word on which crimes presidents are allowed to commit. And the justices themselves can be paid ridiculous amounts of money for their opinions. If interested people in wealthy donors want to pay them for ruling the way they want them to,

(1h 10m 23s):
I'm sorry, Hibernation season is over and it's time to get some sun outside. Gather your crew and hit the road in a spacious 2024 Nissan Pathfinder your gateway to larger than life adventures with spacious seating for eight and available panoramic moon roof. Everyone can enjoy the journey and stok in the senior you have the great Outdoors Plus with an available toying capacity of up to 6,000 pounds. And an available intelligent four-wheel drive feature with seven drive modes. You can take your favorite toys while adventuring on new terrains, seize the thrill and start exploring with the 2024 Nissan Pathfinder today. Head over to Nissan usa.com to learn more intelligent all-wheel drive cannot prevent collisions or provide enhanced traction in all conditions. Always monitor traffic and weather conditions. Towing capacity varies by configuration. Seen Nissan Towing Guide and Owner's manual for additional information. Always secure cargo.

(1h 11m 24s):
Are you still keeping your cash in a traditional savings account? If so, you could be earning more, much more. In fact, at public dot com's high yield cash account, you could be earning an industry leading 5.1% a PY. There are no fees or balance requirements and you can access your cash whenever you want. Plus you get up to 5 million FDIC insurance. In other words, you can earn 5.1% a PY with the flexibility and security you deserve. It's time to take your cash out of a traditional savings account. It's time to take advantage of one of the industry's best interest rates. There are no fees, period. And you get up to 5 million FDIC insurance start earning 5.1% a PY on yourCash@public.com. 5.1% a PY as of 5 21 subject to change. All investing involves risk of loss. Brokerage services offered by public investing Inc. Member Finra, S-I-P-I-C, not a bank see public.com/disclosures for more

(1h 12m 24s):
MIT's mission is to solve problems for a safer world. If, you have a passion for applied cybersecurity with skills in infrastructure, threat intelligence, deterrence technologies, advise threat, emulation or intelligence analysis. Explore the many challenging and fulfilling career opportunities@mitre.org slash careers. That's MIT r.org/careers.

(1h 12m 52s):
Boston Proper is for women who love distinctive style in styles that don't define them. Boston proper designs are unique and made to fit flawlessly. You know the fashion changes, but style is forever and yours is your very own. Boston proper creates original pieces and curates entire collections for any season. Confident women wear Boston proper as an expression of who they are with chic, polished styling and unforgettable looks to get noticed anytime, every day and on any occasion from classic and iconic to on trend and of the moment, Boston Proper creates one of a kind pieces to bring exclusive looks and elevated outfits to you. Only the way Boston proper can. Boston proper is your source for those must have items made to fit flawlessly. When you want that certain something in everything you wear, wear Boston proper. Sign up for VIP access and enjoy 20% off shop@bostonproper.com and wear it like no one else.

(1h 13m 53s):
You are probably careful with your personal information, but what about the other places that have it like the doctor's office that mixed up your files. They have your social security number, the power company that mistakenly cut your service, has your payment info and last three addresses. And the hotel that lost your reservation has your passport info. Your information is in endless places out of your control. Any one of them could accidentally expose you to hackers and identity theft through lack security breaches or simple mistakes. But LifeLock monitors millions of data points every second and alerts you to a wide range of threats. If your identity is stolen, a US-based restoration specialist will fix it. Guaranteed. Or your money back with plans covering up to $3 million for stolen funds and expenses. Mistakes happen. Don't let not having protection be one of them. Save up to 40% your first year at lifelock.com/news. That's lifelock.com/news to save up to 40% terms apply.

(1h 14m 58s):
I'm not a fan of President Biden either. And, I'm glad that people are finally having a conversation that I've been having, which is Biden needed to step down. But that story to me pales in comparison to having a Supreme Court that is no longer legitimate. They are as corrupt as they can possibly be. And I don't understand why every single media platform isn't having that conversation for everybody saying, well, president Biden is the president now. So if he has all of this kingly power granted by the Supreme Court, how come he doesn't use it? I'll tell you why. Because Democrats are cowards and the Supreme Court knows they're cowards. So they will vote for something like this. Now knowing that President Biden won't do a damn thing with it. Not to mention if the Supreme Court are the ones who determine what's a crime and what's not a crime, do you really think they're gonna let President Biden get away with anything?

(1h 15m 39s):
Of course not. Six of these judges are absolutely loyal to maga. It is what it is. Okay? Supreme Court judges are supposed to be impartial but not this one. So even if President Biden did get some courage and decided to take an aggressive stance in regards of stopping some of this foolishness, the Supreme Court would probably say it's a crime. And yes, use that power to get that Biden and they probably afraid of the bloodshed that would come from MAGA supporters. But let me tell you something, it's gonna be bloodshed regardless. Okay? Violence is inevitable. So you might as well stand for something. President Biden needed to use the power that the Supreme Court has granting him to save democracy what he want. A few years ago I said that one of the ways to preserve democracy was to expand the Supreme Court OG Jim Clyburn and also said Biden has to expand the Supreme Court.

(1h 16m 20s):
He said verbatim, if he doesn't, we would end up exactly where we are now. Well it takes courage to do those kinds of things and Dems don't have that. But if there was ever a time to expand the Supreme Court, now is the time President Biden said he is not a fan of court packing. Well, guess what not court packing is the reason Roe v. Wade is overturned. It's the reason presidential immunity has been granted. You know the Presidents and don't tell me it couldn't have happened because Democrats took the White House and both chambers of Congress and still Biden didn't want to do any court rebalancing. Didn't even bring it up. That clearly now is a mistake. I just don't understand. How come this is not the Ace story everywhere? President Biden doesn't seem to be stepping down. So that story is dead. Project 2025 is something that could happen if Trump gets back in office.

(1h 17m 3s):
So it's worth discussing, but right now as we speak, we have a Supreme court that is no longer legitimate. Okay? Don't get on TV either and ask and answer. I hate when y'all ask answers, is the Supreme Court no longer legitimate? That's not a question, it's a statement. The Supreme Court, as we know it, is no longer legitimate. And Joe Biden, Kamala Harris, and every other high ranking Democratic official needs to say it. And all you media outlets, the CNNs, the MSNBCs, Joanne Reeds, DL Hughley, the view applies. Okay? All of you who ride hard for the Democrats, all you vote blue no matter who folks, that's what y'all need to be talking about. Because regardless of who's in the White House, the Supreme Court is forever, okay?

(1h 17m 45s):
And folks need to be demanding that the courts get expanded. But I truly don't know if we can come back from this. I'm not a political expert. I have no idea how any of this works. I just know right now this not working. Okay? Constitutional rights like Roe v. Wade are gone. Presidents are no longer subject to criminal laws. There's a great article on the Nation by Ellie Missile. We need him up here. By the way, we need Ellie up here. You should go read this article. It's titled, it's Impossible to overstate the Damage done by the Supreme Court in this term. And he said some great things in there like which I, I didn't even know. Do y'all understand that the Supreme Court is the only branch of government that claims the power to rule unchecked by the other branches of government. If Congress passes a law, the Supreme Court claims authority to overrule it.

(1h 18m 28s):
If the president issues an order, the court claims the authority to overrule it. And if voters attempt to elect leaders, the court claims the authority to overrule them by literally picking whose votes should be counted or recounted. This is not how a democracy works people, okay? The Constitution doesn't give the Supreme Court any of these powers. They just made them up. So I need media constantly talking about this because the only answer is to expand the Supreme Court because as Ellie said in this article, it is the only normal peaceful constitutional solution to a court that no longer believes it can be checked by other institutions. Please give this a illegitimate supreme court.

(1h 19m 9s):
The biggest hee-haw. That's what y'all should be talking about right now. 'cause constitutional rights will be overturned. Are being overturned. Okay? Project 2 20 25 is a hypothetical thing that could possibly happen. This is happening right now as we speak. All right, well thank you for that donkey today. Alright, well let's open up the phone lines. (800) 585-1051. You. know our producer up here, big Mac. Big Mac, Yes. He's been hurt ever since. He found out that Jess ais had a baby shower and he wasn't invited. I was hurt 'cause I couldn't go 'cause I was out the country.

(1h 19m 49s):
Well, he wasn't invited. Well, I can totally understand why Jess wasn't invited. He talks about it all day long. This is like the sixth time he talked about it, that he wasn't there and they shoot videos about eating food and he'd be upset and maybe do little skits and he speaks to her every morning and he, well she didn't invite him. Well he makes me do, he makes me eat all these Snacks with him. So the question is 805 8 5 1 0 5 1. Has your coworker ever been upset? You didn't invite them into your personal life? Like he, like he's cool up here but you don't like him outside this building. You're pretty much saying it is not even You. This ain't my first time working with Mac weed. Done wilding out together. That makes it worse. You could work with 'em but you don't want 'em outside the, If they're not cool like that, what's the problem?

(1h 20m 32s):
I don't see the issue here. We making this something that's not, 'cause he thinks they cool like that, but obviously she don't think they cool like that. Well You learn something every day, don't you? Mac 805 85 1 0 5 every damn day. Do you have a coworker like that that they don't invite you outside the office? Not into their personal life. You just a coworker. 805 8 5 1 0 5 1. Let's discuss it. The Breakfast. Club. Good morning. They're taking black jobs Snack. Not a black dog. It's A black job. A black job. I'm pretty sure this is one. The Breakfast Club Morning everybody. It it's Djj Envy. Just hilarious. Charlamagne the guy We are The Breakfast.

(1h 21m 12s):
Club. Now If, you just joining us Big Mac, one of our producers up here, You know him from Wild Out. He got pretty upset. And that's because just hilarious. Our very own, just hilarious. Had a baby shower and didn't invite him. And he's mentioned it several times and he's pretty upset about it. He, he's even said that you guys shoot skits together, you guys do the eating videos with each other and he was pretty hurt about it. I'm gonna be honest with you. All of those things are things that it feels like just hilarious is forced to do because Jess going to eat regardless 'cause she's pregnant You know what I mean? So I think Mac is using her as an excuse to eat more. And the skit thing is all about showing stomachs. Oh.

(1h 21m 52s):
So yes, Jess is showing her stomach for nine months. Gotcha. After nine months she not gonna have a stomach. Mac has had that stomach at least 30 years. At least 30. How long he was an intern up here. How long ago? About Like 15 years. 15 years ago. So I'm gonna get, I'm gonna say he had that stomach for 30 years. So who, whose stomach you going, who you gonna do that with? When just going Mack? Damn, He's not gonna do it with me. He's not going talk. He not even, we not even going be thinking about doing them skits no more after I come back. So Jess, how come you didn't invite Matt? Just because it's just, I don't see bro real, y'all know I'm not a good liar, yo, I, no, I just, no like it just 'cause you ain't Think of him.

(1h 22m 33s):
That's really, that's the reality of the dream. Just, just because I knew Jeff told me about the baby shower two months ago. And, I knew I was gonna be out the country anyway so I couldn't attend. So she didn't want Mac there. That's fine. And it is not even that she didn't not want Mac there. She just aint, she wasn't thinking about Mac. Let her speak for herself baby. She didn't want Mac then, But that's what it was. No, it is not that. I didn't want Mac that. First of all, people love Mac. A lot of people love Mac and they all know Mac You know my family know Mac's here. But no, that's just it. Like what is wrong? It wasn't enough food. And I even invited Jim Baldheaded to Vy. You ain't coming, you wasn't in Africa. I, I was. I had a show. I was outta town.

(1h 23m 14s):
Somebody was there. I was in Columbia, South Carolina. Somebody Just called you was not in Columbia on the fourth, On Saturday on the sixth Or Saturday the Sixth, whatever day that was. Yeah it Was. I was on the on the Saturday that was there. Cap. All right then. Cool. All right. So it is what it is. But back to Max. I will see you when I get back. Boo Damn jsa. Hell y'all. Hey jsa Jsa. Good morning. Good morning Envy. Good morning Jess. Congratulations. Thank you babe. Jsa, do you have coworkers like that? Like Yes, I've had multiple. They think they should be invited to everything. And I made the mistake before and became really close to my coworker and it didn't work out.

(1h 23m 58s):
I ended up having to get into a fist fight with one. Did you win? Damn because yeah, listen, I'm Jamaican. I don't play that. I ain't ask you that after. Did you win Uhoh? Yes I did. Yes I did. Okay. But yeah, so you can't mix business with You know Personal, your Personal life. Not And level You. know what I'm saying? So you got into a fist fight with a stud. You was dating on your job. Jesus. Oh my God. Stop. Tell the truth. No, tell the truth. No I didn't. No I didn't. I can hear it in her voice. She don't want to admit it 'cause she Jamaican girl. Damn it man. Bianca.

(1h 24m 38s):
So yeah. What's up y'all? What's up? Good morning. Now Bianca, this says you, your coworkers be having parties and nobody be inviting you. Yeah, they gonna be inviting me. Like they be talking about, oh we not inviting her because basically I'm the new girl there. But they be thinking like it bothers me. I don't wanna chill with y'all. Y'all old like 40 and up. Watch your mouth. How old are you? I'm 30. But You want to go 'cause If you wouldn't go If, you didn't want to go. You wouldn't be mentioning it. You bothered, you cold, You lying, right? I don't, I don't wanna go. I don't wanna go. I like being a homebody. You lying. You wanna go hit the electric slide with the mole heads one time? Yes you do.

(1h 25m 18s):
You lying your ass off. I just trying to be with the young kids. I be doing the hits with the young kids. Where you from? I'm from Harlem. Oh, okay, okay. Well that's, Yeah. So we be doing the little hits and stuff like that. My kids be laughing at me. Well I hope that your coworkers continue not to invite you. Damn. Damn. I hope so too because I'm gonna be having my own party and my kids with my kids. She hurt whenever money. I have my own party. That's what Mac gonna say next. I'm gonna have my own baby shower. I got a stomach. I look pregnant. Goodbye Janine. Oh my god. 805 8 5 1 0 5 1. If, you just joining us Big Mac, one of our producer up here was very upset that he didn't get invited to Jess.

(1h 26m 2s):
Hilarious birthday party. Not Birthday. Birthday. Party. Party. Baby shower. Sorry baby shower. It was Actually Chris birthday party. 'cause it was Chris birthday too. Chris a cancer. Yeah, Chris a cancer in July 6th. Go ahead Chris. Yeah But see but but you didn't even mention that you invited other people up here but just not him. What Is you talking about? Like 805 8 5 1 0 5 1. Do you have a coworker that invites everybody but you to your party? Is it just you? Let's talk about it. It's The. Breakfast Club morning. No, You changed it Morning everybody. It's C EJ NV. Just hilarious. Charlamagne the guy we are The Breakfast. Club If. you just joining us. We're talking about Big Mac. He wasn't invited to Jess H's baby shower and he's kind of tight about it.

(1h 26m 44s):
He's upset about it. He's talked about it every day since we've been back. He You know We've been back a day, Two days and he'd been talking about it for the last two days. Right. Lemme tell you something though. Let me, let me just hit it here. Remember I had a Welcome to New York party, the iHeart party, right? Yes. Yeah, yeah, yeah. I invited every single person. Mac was included. He was like I ain't gonna be able to make that. So not saying Oh wow. That's why He didn't invited. Now We where it comes the baby shower. But for him to act like he don't get invited to nothing. I've invited you And I was like a work party but we was still gonna be drink. Well I couldn't drink but it was still be drinks, food, everything there. And it was during the week. So he was here and it Was during the week you was here. That's right. But he was like, nah.

(1h 27m 25s):
And then I also invited him to go to a comedy show with me up there before and he was like, nah, I'm gonna just stay in the house with my girl. So You know for my baby shower people had to travel. It was in DC it wasn't in Jersey You. know what I'm saying? Had been in Jersey, everybody would've been invited. Dang. So You know it is what it is. Hello. Who's this? Hi. Good morning, this is Janine. Hey Janine. Talk to us. What's what? What's your thoughts? I'll be honest with you, I'm that coworker. I don't invite nobody. Nowhere outside of work. Happy hours, work events, I'll be there and then I leave. But other than that, I don't need to know nothing about y'all. Damn. Y'all don't need to know nothing about me.

(1h 28m 6s):
Damn And I. Don't think there's anything wrong with that. I think that You know people don't, people don't realize there's a difference between work association and You know outside association. I don't have a problem with that I don't think nobody should feel away. Rich, What's going on man? We're talking about are you the guy that that don't go or are you the guy that doesn't invite people to your outside party? Man, I'm inviting these folks. First off, good morning Justin. Lance, congratulations. Good morning. Good morning and good morning Charlemagne. I just saw you recently at the cryo conference. You are a lot shorter than I thought you were, but that's Cool. Oh yeah. The Cry Out conference in Houston. That was fantastic. Flew to Pastor Keon and Shawnee O'Neill. Whoa, Whoa, whoa. You said he was a lot taller than you ain't see Charlemagne then? No, no. I feel a lot sort.

(1h 28m 46s):
Oh. Oh okay. I like oh snap that man short. Okay. No shade. I was like yo, than I'm bro. Way shorter. I hope that makes you feel better about yourself. Don't I Don't the that up. Congratulations. My bad. Anyway, but yeah, I've been having some times I had to go fight parties, whatever And I been doing the most of my yard, whatever. I got a 20 foot projection screen and the little speakers and a rock and all that stuff around the house. And dude, my job like yo bro, can I swing through? I'm like swing through. Right? I don't wanna message you like that. Like you might give a little now you come out playing these young people want, they wanna drink and smoke and get all rowdy. Nah, nah.

(1h 29m 26s):
I live in a nice quiet neighborhood You. know what I mean? I ain't got time for that fool. But do you tell them that? Yeah, I'm straight up. I'm Now, I'm gonna tell you game. Once you say to somebody, I don't fool with you like that, that changes everything. Even the work release. Not really young people. The young people feel different. They keep trying. All right. All right. Thank you brother. Let's go to one more caller. Monique. Good morning Monique. Good morning. Where you calling from? I'm in Atlanta. Atlanta Now has your coworker ever been upset you didn't invite them into your personal life or maybe you didn't get invited and you feel a little sick about it? Talk to us. Yeah, I've had a couple instances where I'll go on vacation or I'll do something with my family and people at work will see my socials and they'll be like, You know if I was there I would've been doing this or man you should have called me.

(1h 30m 14s):
I ain't had nothing to do. But I feel like it's a fine line. You draw, you have to draw when you are working with somebody and having a personal life because you don't want people your personal life to cross over into personal or into professional. 'cause then people don't understand the difference. You know and then they also be up in your business. Right. So I keep it. I make it a practice to just keep professional, professional and personal. Personal. Okay, sure. So what's the whole story, right? Because then If you fall out 'cause then If you fall out with a person. You still gotta see that person every day at work. Yeah, that's my thing. My thing is like, yo man, I don't really want to have a relationship with anybody that I'm not gonna have a relationship with if this goes away.

(1h 31m 1s):
Correct You know what I'm saying? Like you start inviting You know coworkers to personal stuff. What if I don't wanna be personal with you when I no longer work at Right You know. But what If you get too comfortable because you was at my baby shower where now you ain't even doing your Work. And that is another problem. Dar just said something other, I just just said something. Now what sometimes people get too comfortable 'cause they think that y'all super close and You know. They feel like they can just slack off You know doing what they supposed to be doing. You gotta learn to keep the main thing the main thing now. That's Right. Right. All right, well we got just with the mess coming up. Yes we do. So look, I got an update on Booy. Booy did respond to that fan. He said she did not say his B Stank even though we heard it.

(1h 31m 42s):
But we gonna get into it. Alright, we'll get to that. Next is The. Breakfast. Club. Good morning The. Breakfast Club. Oh, when I was on vacation, one of the things I was watching, I was watching, I got a story to tell on Tubie. Yeah, drop on a cruise bonfire. I got a story to tell the entertainment those episodes provided me. My two favorite episodes are the Young Jock gas station pill episode and the episode with Jess being Jess because that is typical Jess, before she finds out all the details, she going to jump off the deep end and do the most extreme thing and then be sitting there looking crazy. Look, was episode Called Gas Station Pill?

(1h 32m 23s):
Oh man. Yes. They convinced young Jock to be ugly. He was an ugly person in the movie. Don't Do that. Jock. And he had to take a gas station pill to get fined. What? You gotta watch it man. It was, I was highly entertained. Alright, salute the, I got a story to tell. Yeah. Snoop Film Deshaun Hardy and yep, Snoop. Alright, well I enjoyed it. Well let's get with y'all. The. Breakfast. Club. Let's get to Jess with the Mess is real. Jessica Robin Moore. Jess don't do no lying. Don't do Lie. She Don't spell nobody Worldwide. Jess worldwide on The. Breakfast Club. She's a coach too.

(1h 33m 4s):
She Was able to get y'all to see something and understand something that nobody could get you to see. It's time to shut it door. Yo. So look, Booey did respond to the lady. All right. And well he responded to the boss 'cause he, he, he got upset about this story being reported. He's got tired of saying it. He said clearly this lady did not say my breath Stank but replay that audio. 'cause I could have swore that's what she said We at. What was that KOD? He sent security up there. They come to get me. I'm like dang I didn't. I'm look how y'all, I'm small. Like what? I didn't even do anything like your breath was stinked but because I told your breath was Stinked, you got me kicked out the club.

(1h 33m 44s):
Alright, turn it off. I'm never going to nothing. That's what I'm saying. So this came outta her mouth. This ain't something that I'm just making up. He went in, he said now he, he need to, he had to slow down because this, I'm about to struggle with this, but I think he said my hygiene always a hundred. I'm one clean ass dude. And the rest of y'all blog, stop putting bad low out on artists for clicks. This lady clearly did not say my breath stinks even though we just heard it. Y'all be doing that ish real bad. Now you got my woman's fan, my women fans and my DM saying that they gonna beat this girl up for lying. And she ain't even say that. Read her posts. Y'all know exactly what y'all be doing. No, I think he meant that the woman said to his face, yes, see it in my face in the club.

(1h 34m 26s):
Yeah, but she said that. She said that to you? Yeah, yeah, yeah. I just think he's saying, You know you ain't telling me my breakfast. Stank. Right. So he need to be saying that to her like, like, bitch you lying. You know you ain't say that to me. Yes, You know. All right. I just wanted to clarify that. 'cause he did respond And. I ain't want having to say we ain't get his side. Okay, congrats to Pusha T. Yesterday Louis Vuitton issued a statement announcing that pushy t Pusha T Hey yo, Pusha T is their new global ambassador. This is dope. They said Pusha t's ambassadorial. Oh my god. Nomination at Louis Vuitton is a testament to his commitment to artistry.

(1h 35m 6s):
Anyway. Yeah, just congratulations. Nobody got time. I don't even know what that mean. I don't even, what does the ambassadorial like? And then I I sound crazy saying because that's not the word. Yeah, that's what it is. Say ambassadorial is a word. I just don't like how it sound with my Baltimore accent. That's Dope.

(1h 35m 23s):
Hibernation season is over and it's time to get some sun outside. Gather your crew and hit the road in the spacious 2024 Nissan Pathfinder. You'll getaway to larger than life adventures with spacious seating for eight and available panoramic moonroof. Everyone can enjoy the journey and soak in the scenery of the Great Outdoors Bus with an available toing capacity of up to 6,000 pounds. And an available intelligent four-wheel drive feature with seven drive modes. You can take your favorite toys while ventry on new terrains, seize the thrill, and start exploring with the 2024 Nissan Pathfinder today. Head over to Nissan usa.com to learn more intelligent. All-wheel drive cannot prevent collisions or provide enhanced traction in all conditions. Always monitor traffic and weather conditions. Towing capacity varies by configuration. See Nissan Towing Guide and Owner's manual for additional information. Always secure cargo.

(1h 36m 16s):
Are you still keeping your cash in a traditional savings account? If so, you could be earning more, much more. In fact, at public dot com's high yield cash account, you could be earning an industry leading 5.1% a PY. There are no fees or balance requirements. And you can access your cash whenever you want. Plus you get up to 5 million FDIC insurance. In other words, you can earn 5.1% a PY with the flexibility and security you deserve. It's time to take your cash out of a traditional savings account. It's time to take advantage of one of the industry's best interest rates. There are no fees, period. And you get up to 5 million FDIC insurance. Start earning 5.1% a PY on yourCash@public.com. 5.1% a PY as of 5 21. Subject to change. All investing involves risk of loss. Brokerage services offered by public Investing Inc. Member FINRA and S-I-P-I-C, not a bank. See public.com/disclosures for more

(1h 37m 17s):
MIT's mission is to solve problems for a safer world. If. you have a passion for applied cybersecurity with skills in infrastructure, threat intelligence, deterrence technologies, advisal threat emulation, or intelligence analysis. Explore the many challenging and fulfilling career opportunities@mitre.org slash careers. That's MITR e.org/careers.

(1h 37m 45s):
Boston Proper is for women who love distinctive style in styles that don't define them. Boston proper designs are unique and made to fit flawlessly. You know the fashion changes, but style is forever and yours is your very own. Boston proper creates original pieces and curates entire collections for any season. Confident women wear Boston proper as an expression of who they are with chic, polished styling and unforgettable looks that get noticed anytime, every day. And on any occasion from classic and iconic to on trend and of the moment, Boston Proper creates one of a kind pieces to bring exclusive looks and elevated outfits to you. Only the way Boston Proper can. Boston Proper is your source for those must have items made to fit flawlessly. When you want that certain something in everything you wear, wear Boston proper. Sign up for VIP access and enjoy 20% off shop@bostonproper.com and wear it like no one else.

(1h 38m 45s):
This is Dr. Joy Hard and Bradford from Therapy for Black Girls. You know that Amazon has millions of books so you can find one that gives you just the reading feeling you're looking for. You know, like if you're looking for a relaxed ah, feeling like with a beach read, Amazon has got it covered. Or if you're looking for more of a terrified ah, with Evil Twins, are things lurking in the woods or something? Amazon's got you. I mean, even If you want in Aw, teen Romance. Amazon has it covered too. Amazon books that reading feeling awaits.

(1h 39m 23s):
That's, I mean, You know he's gonna be wearing a brand. I'm sure he's gonna be putting input when designing some of the things that a brand. So that's pretty dope that Pusha t coming from Virginia and all the things that he's been through is now a brand ambassador for Louis Vuitton is dope. Yes, that is, that is. Yo, it's so many things. I I can't, like I have these stories. Okay, here we go. I was gonna say, they sending them to the group chat, then they sending them to me. Alright, Tyler Perry on 50 cent. It paused. Look, T-M-C-T-M-Z ran into Tyler Perry in New York City yesterday and they asked him about 50 cent play that audio for me. Right. I gotta ask you, how was it meeting with 50 cent? I know he came to Tyler Perry Studios, he Welcome to Perry Big Arms. So proud of He's amazing.

(1h 40m 5s):
He's amazing and he's blowing it up out of the, out the water. Can we see any collaborations with like you guys, If he wants to I love at you God damn girl, shut up. She was like, damn, he answering the question, Lord. He should have turned right into my dead. Like little girl. Shut up Little girl. But You know, she asked about collaboration. I think that You know something greater has happened other than collaboration and it's just the fact that You know Tyler Perry has given 50 cent information, The Blueprint You know what I mean? 50 50 cent went there and Bill with Tyler Perry and Tyler Perry poured in the 50 cent and let him know how to properly run a studio. I'm sure. Right.

(1h 40m 45s):
That's that's greater than any collaboration. That information. Yeah. Yeah. And, and people. And people will, I I, we'll, we'll get to see soon, but You know, as he said, he's proud of 50 'cause what 50 is doing in Shreveport, I can't wait for The World to see what he's building up out there. Not just the studio, the, the around the surrounding cities and everything that he's doing out there is, is really, really, really, really dope. And I can't wait for them to start shooting out there. And it's amazing to have somebody like Tyler Perry that you can get that information from because You know whenever somebody does something first, they've already made a lot of mistakes. Right. And they've already You know, encountered a lot of the pitfalls that you probably will and he can help you not to. He can help you to avoid some of those things. Correct. You know you can't avoid it all because that's just You know what, what it is when you're starting something.

(1h 41m 25s):
But he can help you avoid a lot. So salute to Tyler Perry. Salute to Tyler Perry. And that is just for the Mess for the day. But Charlamagne, you was on vacation for 10 days and you still did not find another shirt. What you mean? Is that the same shirt he keep wearing? You He Wore that the last day before vacation. I had it On, I wore shirt on vacation Too. Oh my God. I like this shirt. I like this shirt. It is Legacy of Resilience. It says 1619 on the front. A actually I only bought, I bought two of these shirts with me on vacation and then I went to Target And. I got like six Goodfellas T-shirts. That's that was, that was it. And and Bathing suits. Yeah. And bathing suits.

(1h 42m 6s):
I'm just saying like, I imagined you coming back like You know. Okay. I mean, 'cause you, you given a glow. You look like you sold the rest of your books in Anguilla. Okay. But, but the shirts, I'm like you left with it on and you come back with it on. I just like to be comfortable man. If it's comfortable, I wear it for days and this legacy and resilience be comfortable. I just Hope you take a shower. All right. Thank you Jess. See no problem. Up next is the People's Choice Mix. Get you requested. Now is The Breakfast. Club. Good morning. Wake up. Wake up. You're locked into The. Breakfast, Club. Morning everybody. It's Djj Envy. Jess. Hilarious. Charlamagne the guy We are The Breakfast. Club And I. Jess. Thank you. Yesterday I went to go see Bad Boys for you told me to go see it.

(1h 42m 48s):
It was good. Now I, I was talking about it before. I wanted to bring a family and everybody was like, it's rated on mad cursing. I know. It's, it's not that bad. It is, it is One Vagina Talk and that's where apart with Tiffany had. But outside of that is, that's, it is pretty the the, the kids would've been fine And the action, like my son just, he just loved the action and the camera work. Yeah. A lot of dope shots in there and a couple, a lot of surprises in there as well. But it was a dope flick. If, you get an opportunity in the movie theater was still packed your last night when I went. So If, you get a chance. Definitely take check out Bad Boys four. Definitely. Alright, when we come back, we got the positive notice. The. Breakfast. Club. Good morning. Morning everybody. It's DJ Envy. Jess. Hilarious. Charlemagne the guy. We are The. Breakfast. Club.

(1h 43m 28s):
Again, welcome back. Charlemagne. Yes man. Happy to be back. I just want to tell y'all, make sure to go grab my new book. Get Honest to Die Line. Why Small Talks sucks. You know being on vacation and You know going through airports and stuff like that. It's always an interesting feeling when you see people with your book at the airport. Like you just walk by a person and they reading your book. You like, damn, that's dope You know what I mean? So thank you to everybody that's been You know getting the book. Get Honest A Dieline Why Small Talk sucks available everywhere you buy books now and and thank you to the beautiful island of Anguilla. Man. It, it's, it's, it's a great feeling when you You know touch down in a place and they say Welcome home You. know what I mean? That's what time. Yes. They they really do treat me and my family like we from there.

(1h 44m 11s):
So I I appreciate that beautiful place. Angle is alright. They going did did they they gave you an honorary degree. You stupid. I don't know if they got some schools Over there. I don't know. You Better not say you don't know if they got no schools. I don't know if they do or not, but I do. I I I hope they get citizenship there. Wonder. Oh that's gonna be dope. I do hope that happens. Alright, well that's gonna be dope. You got a positive note? I do. The positive note is simply this and it's just something we all should remember man. You know. Some of us have a different calling You know. And, and and when You know you have a different calling, you just have to understand that you can't do people how they do you. That's something I tell myself all the time. I can't do people how they do me.

(1h 44m 51s):
'cause the universe holds me to a different standard. So If, you feel like the universe holds you to a different standard. Don't do people how they do. You let, let, let the universe take care of them as well. Breakfast Club bitches y'all finish or y'all Done@public.com, you can invest in stocks, options, bonds, crypto and more. Plus you can earn an industry leading 5.1% a PY on your cash while you're at it. So why juggle multiple investing apps when you can have one that does it all? Invest with public a US-based company with award-winning customer support. Meet your new primary portfolio@public.com. All your investing in one place, 5.1% A PY is a 5 21 subject to change. All investing involves risk brokerage services for us. Listed securities options and bonds in a self-directed brokerage account are offered by public investing member finra And I, not a bank, not investment advice.

(1h 45m 35s):
MIT's mission is to solve problems for a safer world. If. you have a passion for applied cybersecurity with skills in infrastructure, threat intelligence, deterrence technologies, advisal threat emulation or intelligence analysis. Explore the many challenging and fulfilling career opportunities@mitre.org slash careers. That's m mit r e.org/careers. Years During the summer when the weather gets hot, I can only imagine how much time you plan to spend outside with friends or alone on your couch With the AC blasting at T 5G and Home Internet keeps you connected so you can enjoy all the summertime vibes.

(1h 46m 15s):
Whether you're sharing pics from a rooftop video, calling your friends from an outdoor concert or stream your favorite show episode after episode. So stay connected to your favorite people and your favorite things with at T 5G and Home internet at T 5G requires compatible plan and device coverage not available everywhere. Learn more@att.com slash 5G for you. Our kids have said to us since we moved to Minnesota, we are far more active than we've ever been anywhere else we've ever lived. Moving to Minnesota opened up a lot of doors for Us. Just This overall sense of community of the values That You know Minnesotans have. It's a real accepting, loving community, especially with two young kids.

(1h 46m 56s):
See why CN BC ranks Minnesota. Number four, best state to live and work. A great place to work and even better place to live. Explore minnesota.com/live. Hey, I'm here to tell you about up faith and family, the leading streaming service for uplifting entertainment. It's the only place to stream all seasons of the award-winning series Heartland With exclusive content you won't see anywhere else. Binge all of the past seasons and don't miss the season 17 of Heartland and Stream. A new episode weekly. Dive into the warmth of Heartland and let up faith and family be your go-To service for all things uplifting, start your free trial today. Go to up faith and family.com for your free trial up faith and family.com.