
Back in 96, Atlanta was booming with excitement around hosting the Centennial Olympic games. And then a deranged zealot willing to kill for a cause, lit a fuse that would change my life. And so many others forever rippling out for generations. Listen to Flashpoint on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts.


This could be the craziest podcast pairing ever. The Governor of California, Kevin Newsom and Superbowl Champ, Marshawn Beast Mode Lynch, our politician. What Is politicing even mean? There's bridging gaps with no politics Joined by their friend and agent, Doug Hendrickson. It's gonna be a wild ride. We can change The World podcast by podcast. Listen to politician with Gavin Newsom, Marshawn Lynch, and Doug Hendrickson on America's number one podcast network. iHeart open your free iHeart app and search politicking and start listening.


In 2020, in a small California mountain town, five women disappeared. I found out what happened to all of them except one, a woman known as Dear whose estate is worth millions of dollars. I'm Lucy. She, over the past four years, I've spoken with Deer's family and friends, and I've discovered that everyone has a different version of events. Hear the story on Where's Dear. Listen on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you listen to podcasts,


Welcome to, in case you missed it, with Christina Williams, the podcast. That's your go-to source for women's hoops. From buzzer beaters to Breaking News, I bring you the highlights, analysis, and expert insights. You need to stay ahead of the game. The people have spoken, and it's time to give the stories that matter most. The spotlight. Listen to, in case you missed it, on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcast, or wherever you get your podcasts. And remember, in case you missed it, don't worry, I've got you covered.


Guess what Will, what's up Mango? I've been trying to write a promo for our podcast, Part-Time Genius. But even though we've done over 250 episodes, we don't really talk about murders or cults. I mean, we did just cover the Illuminati of cheese. So I feel like that makes us pretty edgy. We also solve mysteries like how Chinese is your Chinese food, and how do dollar stores make money? And then of course, can you game a dog show? So what you're saying is everyone should be listening. Listen to Part-Time Genius on the iHeartRadio app, or wherever you get your podcasts.


Wake of Wake of Wake. Wake up. You guys really are like the hip hop, early morning, late night. Talk to The Breakfast. Club is the most powerful, popular urban radio show. The black mothership in New York City. DJ Envy, Charlemagne De Go and Jess. Hilarious. Thank y'all for being cultural leaders, man. I appreciate what y'all do for the culture. Collectively known as Breakfast Club Bitch. I'm always Nervous when I do The, Breakfast Club because sometimes you say stuff and it's just gonna get you in trouble. Everybody Wake. Good morning. USA Yo yo. Yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo, yo yo, yo yo, yo.


Yo. Jess. Hilarious. What's up Y'all? Charlemagne the guy Beast of the planet is Friday. Good morning. The weekend is here. Yes. What is happening? Yes. Weekend is here. Big Jess still pregnant? Yes, I am. But after a good appointment yesterday, I got my service check and everything. I said service, my service Check. Not your service. At&t Sprint. Right. I got it checked and everything. And the baby is extremely, extremely low. Like you can literally feel her. So, Oh, so any day now you might day you might fart in the water gonna break? Absolutely. This is the first time my doctor is like, If, you go to the bathroom, you feel like you gotta go to the bathroom. Don't push too much because you, you ever heard of a toilet baby?


I was like, no. She was like, yeah, people had their babies on the toilet. Dang. All the time. Dang. So just don't, 'cause she's extremely low. She's ready to come out of there. Okay. Alright. Well That's good. So you might be this weekend might be early next week. Might be next week. So look, that's the thing, You know, I usually go see her every Thursday. And she is like, you'd be surprised. I I, I'll be surprised. If, you make it till next Thursday. Oh wow. Okay. Yeah. So that's really good. I'm nervous, but I'm very excited When your maternity leave start. Ain't no maternity leave, Jess. Y'all trying to leave it all. Man. Jess. Jess was talking about her just behind the scenes like, well, I had a baby on Monday. I'll be back on Tuesday. No, you won't. I'm like, it's literally just Me waking up being on the radio with y'all. Okay.


Just crazy. Just was like that. I had a baby Monday. I'll be on Air Tuesday be You're going to take your maternity leave, ma'am. Okay. Okay. All Right. No, but you gotta tell a a time limit. 'cause she'd be like, I took it for one day and I'm back on Wednesdays. Like, gotta watch that. See? Nah, That's not how I work in the corporate world. Once you start, you can't stop. You gotta use it. You gotta use it. That is Crazy. They make you sick up. See, women's rights. Women's rights. That's, Those are women's rights. Oh my goodness. Oh my goodness. Jess Olympics. We gotta talk Olympics. Oh My God. You been watching last night was hell. Yeah. I know. That's about, That's why I was like, I don't wanna go on labor today because I'm gonna miss the Olympics. Yes. It is crazy. It was Crazy. Simone Miles did her thing. Yes She did. The swimmer, I don't remember the swimmer's name, but she got a a a a Gold two.


Kate Douglas is the swimmer's name. She got, she won. And then of course she, Kate Ledecky was the second one. And a guy, I was so mad at the guy because he didn't, he didn't win. Right. If y'all gonna talk Olympics, know what the hell y'all talking about first. I know what I'm talking, I got my notes right Up here. There she says she got her notes right there. Yeah. Even in one in, in the men's water rowing. Yo, we took the podium and we won a gold medal. Right. We, we ain't do that since 2012. And the last time we won a gold medal and rowing, it was bronze. I mean, not a gold medal. We won bronze. So we won our first gold and then the women's volleyball pussy for quarter finals. Yes. We beat China. Yeah, China. Yeah. Shout out to news. Yeah. I used to bust.


I used to bust ass in volleyball. Yo, Shout out man. Right. And If, you gonna talk, know what you're talking about. You can't even jump In gym class. Back in the day, I used to bust ass in volleyball. Did You see the boxing? Did you see the boxing event? No, I did not see that. I saw That woman stop after 43 seconds because they let that damn man go in there and punch her in the face. Yeah. You Seen her walk out? Yeah. I didn't watch That match. That's what was so whack. Imagine training and practicing life your whole life to go in there and have to fight a young man. She Said she never got hit that hard. Duh. It was the man that hit her. Okay. She said, she said after 43 seconds I had to stop. I never got hit that hard. Lord, that mercy, you didn't wanna talk about it. Yeah, But no, no, no. The, the men's swimming, the 50 meter freestyle. Shout out to Dressel. We came in second place but came in, islands came in first place.


I was happy for them 'cause they ain't really win a lot yet. You know what I mean? So, but that, that guy was, he was on it. But yeah, we came in second place for the men's swimming. Okay. So We got A, I'm gonna pick recap with Jess ais. Absolutely. Yes. We got, we got a couple guests in here this morning too. That's Right. We have OG legend, Keith Sweat, he'll be joining us. He's getting the key to New York City. So he'll be chopping it up with us and then also set. Yeah, big Sean will be here. He sat down with Charlamagne on this latest episode of Out of Context. Yeah. I Dropped a new series called Out of Context a few weeks ago. You know My first guest was LL Cool J 'cause he's got an album coming out called Force. So I'm putting out episode two today with Big Sean. 'cause his new album Better Me Than You'll Be Dropping Up Real Soon. And he got a book coming out this fall called Go Higher.


So we sat ear, sat down early this week and we talked about everything. Okay. You name it, we talked about it. So you'll hear it at 7:00 AM Alright, well let's get the show cracking. Of course. When we come back, we got front page news. Morgan Wood will be joining us and we got a new joint. It's ASAP Rocky. It's called Hijack. It's The. Breakfast Club. Good morning. Morning everybody. It's DJJ Envy. Just hilarious. Charlamagne the guy We are The Breakfast. Club. That was ASAP Rocky Hijack. I Dig that tune ASAP said I don't even like rap investing in some mice traps. Now I'm sitting here wondering, did ASAP Rocky really invest in mice traps? He might have. That's a fantastic thing to invest in. That's the type of thing you don't think they invest in. But like mice traps ain't going nowhere. No. Wow. Especially New York. How much money you can make all mice traps. I'm sure Rap has come such a long way.


Yes it Has. Well, let's get in some front page news. Good morning Morgan. Good morning y'all. Happy Friday. Yes. There was a celebration of life. It took place yesterday in Houston to remember Representative Sheila Jackson Lee who died last month at the age of 74 after battling cancer. Vice President Kamala Harris spoke during the service. And here's what she had to say about the late congresswoman. Sheila Jackson Lee understood the privilege and obligation and nobility of public service. And through her service she did untold good. When it came to her constituents, there was no task too big or too small for the congresswoman. If it needed to be done, she made sure it was done and done right.


She Jackson Lee to know her was to know a true champion. A fierce champion for justice. Yeah. So former president Bill Clinton and Hillary Clinton also spoke during the service. Dozens of members of Congress and other local and national leaders also attended the service. Among them were house minority leader Hakeem Jeffries and Reverend Al Sharpton. They also shared comments about their interactions with Sheila Jackson Lee, let's hear from them. A defender of democracy, a civil rights champion, a legendary legislator, and a powerful profound principle progressive public servant wrapped up in won She'd be there standing up front, loud and proud.


America's a better place because of Sheila Jackson Lee. Yeah. So I was gonna rest The teeth. Is Sheila Jackson Lee? Absolutely. Oh, you don't wanna drop those clues bombs. You'll always drop a, You don't drop clue bomb for a rest in peace. No shit. Morgan Lord have mercy. Damn Morgan, Drop one. A clue bomb for Sheila Jackson Lee Day. No, I'm talking About the work that No, not that. Oh my God. Not that she done. Okay y'all That the work that she did, the work that she did for the work in her life and like, but nevermind. Moving on. BP Wow. You call the Morgan Lee Sheila Jackson lead. Okay, Let's get back on track, y'all. Okay, so my, y'all wanna violence Vice President Harris.


She wanted to choose violence too. She jumped into the and clap back at President Trump about remarks regarding her race and ethnicity. Let's hear more from VP Harris on those comments. Shees, It was the same old show. The divisiveness and the disrespect. And let me just say the American people deserve better. The American people deserve better. We deserve a leader who understands that our differences do not divide us. They are an essential source of our strength. Of course that comes after You know Trump's q and a session at the NABJ convention where she, he said that Harris was always of Indian heritage and later happened to turn black.


What were you gonna say, Shar? No, I was gonna say You know the vice president is right. I was on a Amber Burnett show last night on CNN And I. I, I I said that You know, it's, it's, it's just the, the same old show. And that's why it should be ignored. It's a distraction like Donald Trump as of right now, has no real strategy against the vice president. So they gonna say she's a DEI hire, they gonna attempt a weapon out her not having kids, they gonna question our blackness. Ignore it all. Like the media, like us in general should focus on whatever candidate is talking about the issues. Anything else is not worth discussing? Well, I will say that JD Vance toured the US Mexico border yesterday. He was very critical of Vice President Harris slamming her border policies. He promised to implement the so-called remain in Mexico policy and construction of the border wall will resume if Trump wins the White House in November.


Now the Trump campaign has repeatedly attacked VP Harris on immigration since she became the likely democratic nominee for president. Yeah. So we'll see what happens with that. That's your front page news, at least for the six o'clock hour and the seven o'clock hour. We'll talk more about presidential immunity and what's happening with that. Alright, everybody else get it off your chest. 805 8 5 1 0 5 1 If. you need to vent. Full lines are wide open again. 805 8 5 1 0 5 1 is The Breakfast. Club. Good morning The. Breakfast Club. Wake up. Wake up ass. This is your time to get it off your chest, man.


We want hear from you on The. Breakfast. Club. Hello. Who's this? It's Paulo. Hey. What's up? Get it off your chest. What? Hey man, I seen in the Olympics they had the transgender woman fighting the girl and the girl was like so to punch hard and was crying. Yep. I just think that's crazy. They got transmission fighting African women in the Olympics. I agree. Like I still a man with man strand fighting. Yeah. One of our, one of our producers actually looked it up and said that she had both male and female genitals. I guess So that is in her maite. Yes. She ain't had no though. That's crazy. Well, sometimes Well, that's how it goes. I mean, some people are, well people are born hermaphrodite.


So in my opinion, I feel like it should have been two people in the ring against that one person. You Stupid. But, but she said that, they said that she was acting, They trying to make us think about Sierra when we was kids. I think y'all wrong about that. I, it it, she had the, she had the chromosomes that men have. What do we have? I forgot. Yeah, yeah. That, that's what I Said. What do we have? XY You don't Know what you got. No, I don't remember. I can't remember the letters right now. It's too early in the morning. But I Y'all got that wrong. She's not her maite. She's she's an actual biologically born man. Yes. Yeah. Oh, okay. Yeah. So, like we said trans. Yeah. So Yeah, she got male chromosomes. No. Mm. Well, so you right Carlo, you're right. Yeah. I I mean I thought it was foul regardless. Like, I mean that, that woman said she never got hit that hard in her life to, to the point where she stopped the fight after 43 seconds.


Yeah. The One hit and she quit. Like it's, I don't, it's ridiculous, man. Like, like, I don't know how anybody could, could, could say. That's okay. Mm. Hello? Who's this? Hey, what's going on? This is Ex from Pittsburgh. Hey, what's up Ex You? know Off Your Chest. Hey, char Manne. I read your first book. I need your second one. Get honest. Oh, that, that's my, my third one is Get Honest to Die Lying. My second book is Shook one, but I'll I send you, I send you one of 'em. I got, I got 'em up here. I got my, I got the new book. Get Honest to Die Line watch. Small Talk sucks up here. Eddie. Put 'em on hold. Hold on brother. Hey, hold On, hold on, hold on, hold on, hold on. Hey Jeff, congratulations on your baby. My wife, she's now weeks pregnant as well. Aw, thank you. And congrats to you guys too. Thank you. Thank you. Hey, MVI ain't got nothing to say bro.


You hung up with me last time. Super early. See what I'm saying? See, I was about to hang up with you. I was about live now hang up on you. Hold On, hold on, hold on, bro. Yeah. Nah, nah, no. Hold on. Hold on. Yes. In, in most cases the female is xx and the male is xy. So XY So the, the, the, the, the, the boxer, I think Ama Ima Kif had xy. xy. Yes. Mm. Yes. Okay. You're not gonna confuse me this morning, but No, it, yeah. So biologically that's a, they a male. That's Right. Yep. Get it off your chest that day of mail. 805 8 5 1 0 5 1. If. you need to vent. Hit us up now. It's The, Breakfast.


Club. Good morning The. Breakfast Club. It's a new day. This is your time to get it off your chest Wake. Wake up. Whether you're mad or blessed, it's time to Get up and get something. Call Up now. Eight five eight five oh five one. We wanna hear from you on The. Breakfast Club. Hello? Who's this? Hello? This is Blind Tommy. What's up Blind Tommy? Blind Tommy, you Off Your check. How y'all doing man? Man, I'm mad because I'm come a blind broke comedian. Are you? So, so you gotta pick one now, which one you mad about? Being blind being broke or being a comedian? All three. Well, You should learn to see the Brightside damnit.


How You know you broke. How You know people not just stealing your money. I ain't got nobody to steal. Damn. I think, I think you might be looking at this wrong. Were you born blind? Look at it. You don't look at it. What? What? No, I been blind five years ago. Oh, okay. Okay. So, Oh, you are a newly blind. You don't count. Damn. How'd you get blind, sir? So fun has gotten my system and they attacked my optic nerves. Damn. Sorry to hear that bro. Mm. Have you, have you learned any new skills? Have anything, has anything else strengthened A little bit, but not that too much. Got you, got you. Well, how can we help you this morning, brother? What can we do for you? Whatever. We'll see what we can do. Whatever it is. But You know.


People ask y'all put book shuttle, man. Can I get a book deal, man can work for you. You want a book deal? Yeah. I'm, I'm gonna be honest with you, I'm interested in the story. I can't sit there and act like I wouldn't want hear more of the story. What If you talking about? Braille books? Well, you wanna write? No, I'm talking about he wants to Write the book. Jess, I hate this place this morning. I hate this place, Eddie. Get, get my guys information. I'm interested in hearing the story. I wanna see if this, this might be a story there. You never know. Yeah. Hold on Tommy. Okay it Rat. Hold on. Tommy. Hello. Who's this? Hey, this is Keith for DC Man. Hey Keith. What's up? Get it off your chest. Hey dj, anything? What's up? Call Main and how you doing Jess? Keith. Hello? How you Hey, I know we, we don't tired, we're tired to the hearing about this, but I was in the military.


I had this duty. There's, there's no way that a 20-year-old gets on the premises within 500 yards. Are you talking about Trump getting and assassination? That's what you're talking about? Correct. Okay. There's no way there is a standard. They won't say it, but there is a 500 yards per that's just standard. I used to protect, we used to have duty to protect the high used to come on post. So, and the fact that he was, he raised money for the victims in, in a couple days. It, that that secure perimeter was done intentionally. They do this stuff seven days in advance. Mm. Wait, You know, he said he was outta the, the perimeter. I just have guard duty on the military. Seven days before the, the high dignitaries would come.


We would have guard duty. We would just go around the, the perimeter for, for seven days and there's no nobody there. We make sure that there's no bombs or backpacks left or anything. We had helicopters over, over our head on the day of it. Yeah. It's crazy. Yeah, I've said it before. And I. There's No way he gets that. Yeah, I've said it before. And I said it again. Clearly somebody wanted that to happen. Yeah, they Like that. That's just the reality of the situation that slip through the cracks. Yeah, they, I don't even think that was a slip through the cracks. Somebody wanted that to happen. Like, like there's, there's no way that that, that goes down the way it went down. Well get it off your chest. 805 8 5 1 0 5 1. Now we have just with the mess coming up. Yes. Jake Paul offers the girl who walked out of the fight in the Olympics.


Her name is Angela Carini. He offered her to be an undercard fight so people can still see her skills. Okay. All right. Well we'll talk about that next. Don't move. It's The. Breakfast. Club. Good morning The. Breakfast Club. Morning everybody. It's Djj. NV Jess. Larry. She the guy. We are The Breakfast. Club. Let's get to Jess with the mess. You music is real. Jessica Robin Moore. Jess don't do no lying. She don't nobody Worldwide. Jess worldwide mess on The. Breakfast Club. She's a culture here. She was able to get y'all to see something and understand something that nobody could get you To see.


It's time to set the door. Thank you Monique. 'cause here I am about to do it again. So Angela Carini the Olympic fight that was talked about yesterday. She lasted only 46 seconds yesterday. The boxing Olympic match, Angela represented Italy. And I Main represented Algeria. Angela Carini quit after being hit twice. She cried and said it's not fair in her language as her opponent celebrated according to the daily beast, Iain, is it Heif or Klif? It's spelled two different ways in to fix that Kif. Okay. So Iain Klif reached the quarterfinals of the Tokyo Olympics three years ago, but was disqualified before the gold medal fight at last year's world championship because of the high testosterone levels.


And I BA officials said a DNA test had shown Khali had male XY chromosomes. She was clearly, well she was cleared to complete, to compete at the Olympics, which uses different rules and is one of the two women boxers barred from The World championships now allowed to fight in Paris. The situation has caused the people, has caused people, y'all need to slow down typing. Who needs to slow down? God, the People typing Us somebody feeding you. This is you talking. No, no, no. Not like teleprompter. Slow down. I'm talking about when they typing in notes. Oh. And they sending them like they need to, they need to slow down. I know they mad about the situation, but like, slow down.


Jesus. Like meek mill. What you trying to say? That she was disqualified from the championships after? No, I ell that I said that seconds ago. This is the situation has caused what people are calling a gender war on social media. While people argue about what really would be fair in this scenario among the people sharing their thoughts was professional fighter Jake Paul. He said to Angela Carini, although your dreams couldn't come true today because of the crazy agendas that are at play in our world at the moment, I would love to offer you to fight on an MVP undercard to show The World your talents on a, on a fair platform and not against a man.


She's That woman is trying to win a gold medal. Jake. Yeah, but it's a thought. It's a thought that counts. But I wanna be It's the, it's the Olympics coming down. Right? But then she could be seen and she'll get some bread off her head. You know what I mean? Being seen not cut it out. The people, the last memory is her crying. Like, oh my God, shut Up. No, you talking about, I'm saying she been being seen. But it's a big difference between competing in the Olympics for a medal, but fighting on a Jake Paul under car come. She Probably lost that, but she'll get eyes on her right for that fight. That's not what she wants. She'll some That's not what she wants, but that's what she wants to go that she was offered wants. And then You know the testosterone. What she You know what you were just saying, that she was, she had extra testosterone. But testosterone is what gives men the muscle mass. Why? She said probably why She said after 43 seconds, she's never been hit like that in her life.


Exactly. You talking about Cut it out sir. Jake, this man is trying to Help out. I'm not talking about with The fighter. No, he's trying to help. No, I'm, yeah. I'm talking about Jake Paul.


It started with a backpack at the 1996 Centennial Olympic Games. A backpack that contained a bomb. While the authorities focused on the wrong suspect, a serial bomber planned his next attacks, two abortion clinics and a lesbian bar. But this isn't his story. It's a human story. One that I've become entangled with. And I Saw as soon as I turned the corner. Basically someone bleeding out. The victims of these brutal attacks were left to pick up the pieces, forced to explore the gray areas between right and wrong life and death. Their once ordinary lives and mine changed forever. It Kind of gave me a feeling of, of pending doom. And all the while our country found itself facing down a long and ugly reckoning with a growing threat. Far right, homegrown religious terrorism. Listen to Flashpoint on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts.


In the summer of 2020, in the small mountain town of Idlewild, California, five women disappeared in the span of just a few months. Eventually I found out what happened to the women. All except one, a woman named Lydia Abrams known as dear. Her friends and family ran through endless theories. Was she hurt hiking? Did she run away had she been kidnapped? I'm Lucy Sheriff. I've been reporting this story for four years. And, I've uncovered a tangled web of manipulation, estranged families and greed. Everyone it seems has a different version of events. Hear the story on Where's Dear my new podcast from Pushkin Industries and iHeartPodcasts, listen on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you listen to podcasts.


This could be the craziest podcast pairing ever. The governor of California, Gavin Newsom and Super Bowl champ, Marshawn Beast Mode Lynch our politicing. What is politicing Even mean? There's bridge and gaps with no politics Joined by their friend and agent Doug Hendrickson. It's gonna be a wild ride. We can change The World Podcast by podcast. You Talk, Listen to politicking with Gavin Newsom, Marshawn Lynch, and Doug Hendrickson on America's number one podcast network. iHeart, open your free iHeart app and search politician and start listening.


Guess what, mango. What's up Will. So iHeart is giving us a whole minute to promote our podcast. Part-Time Genius. I know. That's why I spent my whole week composing a haiku for the occasion. It's about my emotional journey in podcasting over the last seven years. And it's called Earthquake House. Mango. Mango. I I I'm gonna cut you off right there. Why don't we just tell people about our show instead? Yeah. That's a better idea. So every week on Part-time genius, we feed our curiosity by answering the world's most important questions. Things like, when did America start dialing 9 1 1 Is William Shatner's best acting work in Esperanto? Also, what happened to Esperanto? Plus we cover questions like how Chinese is your Chinese food? How do dollar stores stay in business? And of course, is there an illuminati of cheese? There absolutely is and we are risking our lives by talking about it. But If you love mind blowing facts, incredible history and really bad jokes. Make your brains happy and tune into part-time genius. Listen to Part-Time genius on the iHeartRadio app or wherever you get your podcasts.


Get emotional with me, Riley DeLucia in my new podcast, A really good cry. We are gonna talk about and go through all the things that are sometimes difficult to process alone. We're gonna go over how to regulate your emotions, diving deep into holistic personal development and just building your mindset to have a happier, healthier life. We're gonna be talking with some of my best friends. I didn't know We were gonna go there on this Because this one, people that I admire, When we say listen to your body, really tune into exactly what's going On. Authors of books that have changed my life. Now you're talking about sympathy, right? Which is different than empathy, right? Yeah. And basically have conversations that can help us get through this crazy thing we call life. I already believe in myself. Yeah. I already see myself. And so when people give me an opportunity, I'm just like, oh Great, you see Me too? We'll laugh together. We'll cry together and find a way through all of our emotions. Never forget it's okay to cry as long as you make it a really good one. Listen to a really good cry with Ra DeLucia on the iHeartRadio app. apple Podcasts or wherever you get your podcasts.


Yeah, yeah. You talking about stop, stop that. Like no, all I'm just saying it's not an equivalent. It's not an of, It's always a man trying to, an equivalent something trying to tell a woman something. No, it's Not, it's not equivalent is what I'm saying. Yeah, He know that. But he feels so sorry for her because she was hit by that man. Well she wasn't a man. She has XY chromosomes and she was tested high for testosterone. That's what they said. I don't know y'all talking about this story because ain't none of us smart enough to even have this conversation. And I'm be honest with you. Excuse me. I don't even care. I'm who not smart Enough to have this conversation. None of us in this room. No, you, you go in and keep Lying. So what is this person? I man, What I man K. What do you mean was this person, he already know who this person is.


Don't play with me like that. Shoot. Inter sex. Right. Anyway, Card B Justin just said up, down, left, right, select start xy. Who is this person? I man, We not smart enough to know what, what, what this person is. I play with me anyway. Like goodness. Cardi B News. So she made headlines several times yesterday, earlier this week there was rumors that offset was out cheating with one of his exes after they were seen spotted at a casino offset. And the girl cleared up that it was a misunderstanding. The lady that he was actually seen with is mourning the death of her husband and is seven months pregnant with her late husband's child. She was in a casino with her late husband's family not offset.


Shortly after that pics of card's, team tried to hide her stomach with umbrellas, hit the internet. Then yesterday news broke that Cardi still filed for divorce. She's filing for divorce after seven years. Shout out to Brown girl Brian Brown girl grinding. That is such a tongue twisty y'all. But shout out to gr Laura Larussa Jesus Christ. According Tongue twist. Y'all making It sound like it's XY chromosomes in that thing. 'cause like I understand that more than this. Hold up brown girl. Grinding my girl Lauren La says, she said, according to page six, Cardi has filed for divorce. But this will not stop the album because a lot of people was was saying like, oh is this why she hasn't dropped her album?


It's a lot going on or whatever. And, and You know she, she said this is, this is is not stopping anything. She still will be releasing her album. And she had posted something else. Cardi broke her silence, but not necessarily to address the divorce. She shared a pic, a picture of her in a red dress, embracing her pregnancy belly along with this caption, with every ending, new beginning. I'm so grateful to have shared this season with you. You have bought me more love, more life, and most of all, renewed power. Reminding reminded me that I can have it all. You reminded me that I never have to choose between life, love and my passion. I love you so much and cannot wait for you to witness, which you helped.


She's talking to her baby pretty much. And so, and that her siblings are so excited to meet her and this baby is, shows her why it's worth the push to push through. So congratulations Cardi. Congratulations. Hope she has a healthy, healthy baby. Absolutely Healthy Delivery. She always look good while she pregnant. She always look good while she's pregnant. And that's it. She Does salute to Cardi B. She'll be killing it. All right y that's it. That's all I gotta say. Alright, now when we come back, Oh, you have a contraction right now. Why would you wish that on three back to back? Because he trying to fight for people that he don't even know.


That's who he get. That's exactly what he at. But we not smart enough for this. All right, when we come back front page news, Morgan Wood be joining us, then Charlemagne sits down with Big Sean. All right, so don't move. It's The. Breakfast. Club. Good morning The. Breakfast Club. Your mornings will never be the same Morning everybody. It's DJ NV, just hilarious. Charlamagne the guy. We are The. Breakfast. Club. Now let's get in some front page news. Morning Morgan. Good morning. Yeah. So Senate Majority Leader Chuck Schumer, he's introducing a bill to strip former President Trump of immunity. The No Kings Act would clarify the, that the Constitution does not entitle presidents to immunity from prosecution for acts that violate federal criminal law.


Despite last month's Supreme Court ruling granting president's broad immunity. Let's hear more from Chuck Schumer on the No Kings Act. The Supreme Court is a morass, it's an ethical morass and it's a substantive morass. Chief Justice Roberts is derelict in his responsibility. He should be cleaning this up. He's not. And that's why we in Congress have an obligation to do it. And even violating our democracy with the ridiculous, awful decision that presidents are kings. That if they do something they think is, is within, is official, that they can do as Nixon said, whatever they want. I have no idea what that word means that Chuck Schumer was using.


But I mean you could easily change that to the Supreme Court is ass. Okay? The Supreme Court is ass. They are no longer a legitimate institution. And. I'm glad that Joe Biden's calling for Supreme Court reform. I'm glad Chuck Schumer's doing what he's doing. But it's gonna take a lot more than that to stop the corruption that is going on with the Supreme Court. They need to expand the courts. Everybody knows it because one thing everybody should fear is in November is if the Vice President wins and beats Donald Trump and the Donald Trump challenges the results, the Supreme Court is gonna overturn the results of that election. And in the light of all these recent rulings, like stuff like this presidential immunity thing, I don't see why y'all would trust him to do what's right. Well there you go. You said the leg. Well the legislation is unlikely to pass in the Senate where it would need at least 60 votes to overcome a Republican filibuster.


And of course, as you mentioned, this is after Biden has called for an overhaul of the conservative majority of court considering term limits and of course an enforceable code of ethics. Speaking of President Biden, he is calling the US Russia prisoner swat, which is a, a huge deal that happened yesterday that included the release of a Wall Street Journal reporter, a feat of diplomacy while speaking from the steps of the White House or speaking from the White House. Rather, Biden announced the release of three American citizens and an American green card holder who he says Were unjustly imprisoned in Russia. Let's hear more from Biden. Today we're bringing on Paul Evan Ssu. Vladimir, three American citizens and one American green card holder.


All four have been imprisoned unjustly in Russia, all For, nearly six years. Vladimir since 2022, Evans since March of 2023 and SSU since October of 2023. Russian authorities arrested them, convicted them in show trials and sends them to long prison terms with absolutely no legitimate reason whatsoever. None. So Wall Street Journal reporter Evan Gers Covich and former Marine Paul Whalen were released in that deal. Of course, meanwhile, president, former President Donald Trump, he's taking issue with the president's assertion that he inher inherited the American prisoners being held in Russia while on the Klan Buck show.


Trump predicted Americans will continue to be arrested overseas as long as the US continues to pay money as part of their release. Let's hear more from former President Trump. No, I heard that. I heard he said this. Why didn't Trump get 'em out? And he was taken during that time, You know I got out 59 different people, 59 And. I didn't pay money. These deals are gonna happen more and more. 'cause the amount of of things, including cash that we give up, is so astronomical. This is a big deal. 59 is not accurate by the way. But go ahead Shar. No, so so he's saying that You know anytime Americans go today, they just going to arrest you. 'cause they know that the US gonna pay. Yeah, that's what he's saying. Depending on who you are. Yeah, that's what he's saying. He's saying not just money, but You know other people that we have here that, that we arrested that, that are Russian people, that You know that they're pretty much just arresting US citizens because they know it's an easy trade.


Well, that's not gonna help Russian tourism. No, not at all. In fact, WNBA star, Brittany Griner, she's weighed in You know as somebody who was actually in a prisoner swap in Russia. So she posted on Instagram and a post, although today is one of celebration, she said her hearts goes, her and her wife, their hearts go out to many Americans still being held hostage overseas and their families. So again, Brittany Griner was held in as a prisoner in Russia for 10 months in 2022 before being freed in a prisoner swap exchange, I believe with Victor bout who was, yeah, he's quite the Arms Mercenary death. Paul Wheelin is the guy they were mad about, right? Yes. When, when Bri came home, they were like, why didn't y'all do trade for Paul?


Yeah, Paul, absolutely. Yeah, absolutely. So speaking of Grinder, the US women's basketball team is now two one oh at the Paris Olympics. They defeated Belgium 87 to 74 to extend their Olympic winning streak to 57 games. Brianna Stewart led the way with 26 point while Grinder added seven with the win team, USA punch their ticket to the quarterfinals team. USA will wrap up group play against Germany on Sunday. Meanwhile, Kevin Durant and the men face Puerto Rico tomorrow in its group final game. Do I'm like, do we even have time to talk about Simone Biles and all of that? I mean, they just did damn thing. Simone Biles floor routine helped her win second gold medal in the event after winning it at the 2016 Rio Olympics of, of course, her teammate, SUNY Lee took the bronze medal.


Lee won gold at the 2020 Olympics. This marked the first time two medalists competed against each other in the event.


So of course you guys be sure to listen live to all the Olympics Olympics coverage on the iHeart mobile app. It's free. Download it right now. iHeart is the exclusive audio home for NBC's coverage of the 2024 Paris Olympics.


That's your front page news. Thank you. I'm Morgan Morgan. I'm Morgan Wood. And be sure to check me out on social at Morgan Media and continue to check out more news coverage on the Black Information network@bnews.com. Thank y'all. Happy Friday. Thank you Morgan. Great weekend. You too now. Alright, when we come back, Charlemagne got a chance to sit down with Big Shawn. That's, and we gonna play that back when we come back. He has a, a new series called Out Context. Yeah. To be available on YouTube at 9:00 AM But You know we gonna play portions of it for you right now. You know Sean got a new album coming out called Better Meeting You. He's got a new book coming out in the fall called Go Higher. He also dropped a new single this morning that we gonna get on featuring Jana Aiko called Get on Up. Alright. And we'll get to that Nexus.


The. Breakfast Club. Good morning The. Breakfast Club. Morning everybody. It's DJ v, just hilarious. Charlamagne the guy. We are The Breakfast Club, our very own Charlamagne. Got a chance to sit down with Big Sean on his latest episode of Out of Context. Let's get into it. Big Sean, My bro. What's up? How You know man. See you in a minute. The God, how you feel. I'm blessed Black and highly favored, man. How are you first performing? I'm, I'm doing pretty well. It's, life has been a lot lately, though I'm not gonna lie. It is been pretty overwhelming. Kind of like stressful, but definitely, I, like I said, I cannot complain bro. Like when you, when you think about the grand scheme of things, we, me and you and a lot of us like are on the blessed spectrum.


Absolutely. We're on the, the, the positive side of what's going on in The, World You know compared to like people not knowing where they gonna sleep at. People getting bombed on Ki You know, losing family members, kids, You know people getting executed. Everything that's all of these tragedies, wars, conflict that's going on in The, World going on. You know in our hometowns every day, every other week I hear about like somebody getting like, oh, this person got killed, or this person You know some, some. So it's just like, I always keep that in perspective, a interesting concept. So I was talking with this doctor the other day who's very spiritual and she was like, yeah, I mean this may be our only time as souls to progress.


Right? And to evolve and to feel and to have some friction, right? Sure. So I was like, damn, if that's the case, You know when we are feeling this uncomfortable feeling like anxiety, depression, all these things, all these ups and downs we go through. Like I wonder how much of a privilege it is even just to feel that. I think that's the point, right? Just to enjoy the current moment period. Because you don't know what's next. A lot of times when we say enjoy the moment we thinking about now, like what we're doing right now, but no enjoy this moment of, of a human experience that we're, that we have. Yeah. You know. 'cause I feel like if you're just like comfortable, if you're good, if you're just satisfied all the time, then there's no room for growth. You know, I always feel like when you're down, when you feel off or when you feel like you're not in alignment, at least you have an opportunity to grow from that.


And, I feel like that's something to even be proud of. Recognizing that, right? Instead of just like complacent where you are. You know, years ago you said that making music became a burden for you. How long were you in that mental space? Do you feel like that might have hurt your career in any way? So when I wanted to be a rapper at 11 years old, I didn't realize the, my mom being the first person, how critical of a moment that was me rap for her. Not shutting it down. Her being like, oh you man, keep going. Like, oh, you're so good at it. You. know what I'm saying? And I. Just appreciate her for that aspect of of just accepting me and nurturing me and just going further into debt, paying for my studio sessions, driving me from Detroit to Chicago and back to work with producers.


And my whole family is a family of scholars. Meaning that like they all got degrees, they all are teachers and all sorts of stuff like that. And I was the first person to say, I want to do music You. know what I'm saying? And something a little bit different. And my mom being such a dreamer herself, she was the only one who really supported me. And I used all my college grant. Like I used all this bonds that my grandma saved up for me and spent it all on this dream that I had You know and spent it all from 11 years old. Me treating it like it was my job. I treated it like it was my job, bro. I would like press up CDs, shot my first album covering Sears and like would press up CDs.


Like I treated it like it was a job and just for, 'cause it was to me, And I didn't know why. But I, I really later found out that, that it was my purpose. And I didn't And I didn't know what a purpose was back then for real. Like I knew the word, but I didn't know the meaning of it, but it was like, it meant, it meant so much to me. So I would do things that I hated doing anyway. Like I hated battle rapping. I don't have a battle rap voice. It's like I don't have like that meek mill ass Beanie Siegel ass word. Yeah, yeah. You know. I got like a thin I had, especially then when I was younger I had like a thin ass voice. So I had to make up for it by being like clever and witty and metaphorical and right. And it was just way harder for me.


So anyway, I did all these things I didn't want to do because I believed in this dream so much, right? So I do, I I meet ye I rap for him. Years go by without anything happening. But I knew it was gonna happen because I was into, had just got into manifesting and reading all these books. And I saw it. I saw me being signed to good music, all this stuff, even though he got back and was like, I'm not looking for any new artists. Like, I knew it was going to happen, right? Did everything I could to make it happen and kept my relationships going. Anyway, we could talk about that more. But that was the first time I dealt with depression and we could dive back into that. So anyway, I finally make this happen.


Do the freshmen cover all this stuff. Drop these mix tapes, one mix tape, another mix tape, another mix tape. I do the BET Cipher with with good music and it You know I get a hundred thousand followers overnight. It literally, I work on my first album, get the first album going. The first album is successful. The second album isn't as successful. But why? Because I think I need to return back to my mix tape route. So I do a Detroit mix tape, which was fire. Then I'm doing all the cruel summer ideas as well. Like just helping behind the scenes like Mercy, click, all these different ideas that I'm literally coming up with. Plus people stole your flow plus people stole my flow. So you didn't even really get to eat off the Your Flow.


Yeah, and the all Me, the Hoe shut the fuck up, all of that, right? And, I'm spreading myself thin, Paul. So it's like, then I do my album and it's like, oh, the album isn't as good as it could be. Whatever. And, and it wasn't because I was listening to so many people saying, you gotta keep your foot on they neck. You gotta keep your foot on their neck. This is an opportunity. Like all this stuff, right? And they, they were, they were right, but I lost, completely lost sense of who I was at that time. So that's when it became a burden. That's when it became a burden. Gotcha. And then I dug deep because people were counting me out. And I made Dark sky paradise. And to me that was like my first time where I kind of tuned it out and just like focused on me and like what I wanted to make. And that, that was one of my biggest, most successful albums.


And then after that, I fell back into the rhythm of everyone being like, oh, now you really hostile, so now you gotta stay on they neck, man. So it's like, all right. So I did a EP with Janae 2088. Then I did a, my another, another album I decided, which was like, came right on the heels of 2088. Then I did a, another album with Metro Booming, which I completely freestyled And I was literally burnt the fuck out at that point. I literally was touring on Adderall at the same time. So that completely would have my brain fried. Like I was not prescribed that. So it made me like hit a wall that it was like, it was, I was either gonna, it was either gonna fall on me or I had to like climb over. And that's when I fell back completely from everything.


And that's when it was like, it was hard for me to do a conference call. You know what I'm saying? Right. So that is when, from like 2018 to 2020, the I, I was just like, mm, I was just off. I was like, had the worst anxiety about posting a picture on Instagram, bro. You know. Just weird that you shouldn't even be thinking about so much. And I just was, that's What anxiety is. Yeah. And you probably get more anxiety 'cause you like, yo, I prayed for all of this. I got it and I'm feeling like I don't appreciate It. Well, it's confusing. Yeah, it's confusing because you feeling like you don't appreciate it and you're feeling like, why do I feel like this when I've literally exceeded my own, my dream was to have a song on the radio and to move my mom out of the, out of the hood.


Everything else has been an extreme bonus. Right? So it was just, was very confusing. And then I realized that I just was so outta touch with myself that I had to reconnect with myself. And I linked with like people who helped me do that. My therapist, I linked with this LA lady, Marie Diamond, who really helped me like tap in spiritually with myself and like, bro, I would go like on take trips to just connect with myself and like meditate and like get spiritual, get spiritual and connect with God more. And like I started working out, I started just eating better, taking care of myself and just slowly returning back to who I was. It was very, very necessary. I wanna salute to your mom too, because what you explained, there's a therapist named Elliot Connie, he does solution focused therapy and he talks about the astronaut theory.


And it's like when your kid comes to you and your kid says, Hey, I wanna be an astronaut. You don't be like, man, you ain't never into space, ain't no You know nobody gonna space. You say, oh, okay, how we gonna do that? Let's do it. Yeah, let's figure out how to do it. That's what she did for you, Man. And it's just like, it, it makes me emotional because it's like, damn, it could have went either way. You know. So I just am manifested and visualized the paperwork coming in all this time. But in that time, bro, in that one year I was so depressed that I just wanted to give up bad And I. Remember I applied for community college? And I. Remember my grandma was like, yeah, just apply for community college. Like it's okay. You know And I. Just remember my mom being like, You know, like, what are you doing?


You know. And it was, it was a moment dog, right? You know what I'm saying? But she didn't want you to go to community college. She didn't want you to give up on your dream. Yeah. She was just like, yo, what are you doing? You know. And You got any tissue? Nah, That's cool. It's cool. Yeah. It started with a backpack at the 1996 Centennial Olympic Games. A backpack that contained a bomb. While the authorities focused on the wrong suspect, a serial bomber planned his next attacks, two abortion clinics and a lesbian bar. But this isn't his story. It's a human story. One that I've become entangled with.


I saw as soon as I turned the corner, basically someone bleeding out. The victims of these brutal attacks were left to pick up the pieces, forced to explore the gray areas between right and wrong life and death. Their once ordinary lives and mine changed forever. It Kind of gave me a feeling of, of pending doom. And all the while our country found itself facing down a long and ugly reckoning with a growing threat. Far right, homegrown religious terrorism.


Listen to Flashpoint on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts.


This could be the craziest podcast pairing ever. The governor of California, Gavin Newsom and Superbowl Champ, Marshawn Beast Mode Lynch our politician. What is politicing even mean? Here's bridging gaps with no politics joined by their friend and agent, Doug Hendrickson. It's gonna be a wild ride. We Can change. The World Podcast by podcast The World.


Listen to politicking with Gavin Newsom, Marshon Lynch, and Doug Hendrickson on America's number one podcast network. iHeart open your free iHeart app and search politician and start listening.


In the summer of 2020, in the small mountain town of Idlewild, California, five women disappeared in the span of just a few months. Eventually I found out what happened to the women. All except one, a woman named Lydia Abrams known as dear. Her friends and family ran through endless theories. Was she hurt hiking? Did she run away had she been kidnapped? I'm Lucy Sheriff. I've been reporting this story for four years and I've uncovered a tangled web of manipulation, estranged families and greed.


Everyone it seems has a different version of events.


Hear the story on Where's Dear my new podcast from Pushkin Industries and iHeartPodcasts, listen on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you listen to podcasts.


Guess what, mango? What's that? Will? So iHeart is giving us a whole minute to promote our podcast. Part-Time Genius. I know, that's why I spent my whole week composing a hiku for occasion. It's about my emotional journey in podcasting over the last seven years. And it's called Earthquake House Mango. Mango. I I, I'm gonna cut you off right there. Why don't we just tell people about our show instead? Yeah, that's a better idea. So every week on Part-Time Genius, we feed our curiosity by answering the world's most important questions. Things like, when did America start dialing 9 1 1 Is William Shatner's best acting work in Esperanto? Also, what happened to Esperanto? Plus, we cover questions like, how Chinese is your Chinese food? How do dollar stores stay in business?


And of course, is there an illuminati of cheese? There absolutely is, and we are risking our lives by talking about it. But If, you love mind blowing facts, incredible history, and really bad jokes. Make your brains happy and tune into part-Time genius.


Listen to Part-Time Genius on the iHeartRadio app or wherever you get your podcasts.


Get emotional with me, Riley DeLucia. In my new podcast, a really good cry we're gonna talk about and go through all the things that are sometimes difficult to process alone. We're gonna go over how to regulate your emotions, diving deep into holistic personal development, and just building your mindset to have a happier, healthier life. We're gonna be talking with some of my best friends. I didn't Know we were gonna go there on there. Honest people that I admire. When we say Listen to your body, really tune into what's Going on. Exactly. Authors of books that have changed my life. Now you're talking about sympathy, right? Which is different than empathy, right? And basically I have conversations that can help us get through this crazy thing we call life. I already believe in myself. Yeah. I already see myself.


And so when people give me an opportunity, I'm just like, oh, great. You see me Too? We'll laugh together. We'll cry together and find a way through all of our emotions. Never forget it's okay to cry as long as you make it a really good one.


Listen to a really good cry with DeLucia on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts.


So anyway, bro, it just, when I say it could have went either way, it could have went either way, You. know what I'm saying? So I'm just thankful that I had these guardian angels in my life, like my mom. So I just appreciate her being so open-minded about that bro. And like willing to support her baby. All Right. We got more with Big Sean. We come back. It's The. Breakfast, Club. Good morning. Morning everybody. It's DJ EJ Envy. Jess. Hilarious Charlemagne ne guy. We are The Breakfast. Club Charlamagne. Got a chance to sit down with Big Sean. Let's get back into it. I was telling you You know, we was talking behind the scenes that I really like. When you in your, your bag, like when you doing stuff like break the cycle, like those self-reflective records, And, I can tell.


Yeah, you've been doing You know your work on your Healing journey and you express it in these records and, and on that record, break the cycle. You said Lena Wave said you was the black Brad Pitt. And you said, even though that's flattering, you was asking her, is this what people think of me? Like I just go from one star to another star. Like why did that bother you? I'm drawn outta Constellation or it bothered me because that's not who I am for real. You know. I'm not in, I'm not just hopping. And but to, to her it was like, yeah, you went from her to her to Ari and Janae. It's like, I Yeah, yeah. That's not, that's not cool. Like, that's not how I like planned it out. I wasn't You know what I'm saying? So I just was highlighting that.


Like I told her, I actually saw her recently and was like, yo, I mentioned you about that situation, but it just, I didn't sit right with me. That ain't the, that ain't how I'm trying to come across You know you Want people to respect you for the art. Well not, yeah, of course respect me for the art, but I also don't want people to just think like those are the only type of, first of all, the only type of women I'm into one or that's like my You know what I mean? That's not, that's not how I'm trying to come across. That's The World you in though. It's The, World I'm in. Yeah. It's like If. you work at a law firm, you're probably gonna end up dating a lawyer or So You know what I mean? Yeah, it makes sense. Yeah. Yeah. It makes sense in that, in that way. But I just didn't want it to be like, oh, I only like singers, or I only with this or there, there are a lot of people I've dated that people don't know about that have nothing to do with the music industry, that have nothing to do with anything in that world that I've kept private before You.


know what I'm saying? And I. Just wanna state that because Yeah, that's, that's why I felt a way about it. 'cause it's like I, I didn't feel that was an accurate picture of me. You know. That's why I addressed that. Because when I heard that line and you brought up Kendrick, it made me think of a, of a line Kendrick had in, in a record that got leaked. He said, you're finally famous for who you date, not how you rhyme boy. Right. When you heard that bar, did you, did you get any rhymes prepared? And did it, did it have the same reaction that you had when Lena said that to You? When I first heard that, I definitely had a whole thing prepared. So let, let's, let's back this up. So I did a song called No More Interviews where I'm rapping about people rapping fast and blah blah blah. And people like, oh, you talking about Kendrick?


I'm like, well, I'm not talking about anyone specifically. I'm just talking about at the time there was a lot of rap. I'm surprised no one thought Eminem or I remember Logic was hot at the MG You know all these other rappers that rap Fast And. I'm like, this Kendrick don't even rap fast all the time. Like it's other people who be rapping fast all the time. But I definitely was like not running from or ducking no type smoke at all. Like, so when I heard that there might be You know some remnants of something, I did have something prepared. I'm not gonna lie. And then I ran into Dave Free in the elevator at WME and I'm like, yo, was that I I, I forgot what Was it the control verse or No, no, no. This was way after.


So me. And so by the way, Kendrick has been in my house. Me and him are cool by the way. Right, right, right. He's invited me to his mom's house before this was like my old house. We were cooler back then. Let me say that. 'cause I'm not going to sit here and be like, we cool. I don't talk to him. But I remember I dropped, I decided and bounced back and all this stuff and he dropped. He was dropping his album. Damn And I. Can't remember what Freestyle, I guess it was the Har part four, I don't remember. Five maybe. Yeah, something like that. And people were like, oh, he's talking about Big Sean in there. Right? So I ran in, I ran in And, I hit a Top dog first. I'm like, yo, who you talking about? He's talking about the, he's just talking to me. He just throwing a bone out there. Right. Why you just didn't ask Kendrick?


Why did not text Kendrick? Was you talking about me In, because I ain't think I had his right number. I think I did hit him first. And. I'm like, oh, I don't have, I got top number because he had just had me come outta his charity event like a year ago or something. Okay. In Watts You. know what I'm saying? So I'm thinking we like Straight You. know what I'm saying? So then nah, no, no. It wasn't about you. It wasn't about you. All right, cool. So the little I had, I just was like, let me, let me get outta my head. 'cause I'm thinking like it might be something. So you had a song or a verse? I had just some ideas. You know what I'm saying? Just awesome, just to be real with you. Like I had some ideas, You know, mapped out. So then Nipsey dies. Joe Bud had created this like before that Joe Bud had made this, like there's a Kendrick Big Sean Beef and to the point where I tried to ignore it, but he, he made that narrative so real that I think it really did become a thing.


So like punch. He Wasn't, he wasn't all the way wrong though. You said there was, there might've been something in the air. Well, yeah, because I, I'm getting to the point where me and Kendrick talk. Okay. So I get to the point where I'm like, damn dude, we got something going on. That's why I had something prepared. Right? And then when I run into Dave Free and he's like, nah bro, it ain't nothing like it's all love. He said something like that wasn't directly towards you, it was for anyone You know. So then Nipsey dies, And, I sit on a plane next to Punch. Random as hell. Mm. We're we're headed to J Cole's Festival. And he's like, you ever talk to Kendrick? And I'm like, nah, I never, I I know it ain't there.


But no, we never really spoke then in that, around that time, like that day or maybe the day before that, or the week or day within that same time period that leaked happened. It was a leaked verse. And it said what you said. Yep. And I'm like, damn, y'all said it wasn't shit and it was something so you got me looking crazy. But maybe he prepared something just like the same way you was thinking. He was like, You know, let me get my nukes just in case Too. Right. But the thing is, that song came out and he changed that bar. Right. So that wasn't on the song anymore. It was a leaked verse. So I had to keep that in mind 'cause I was pissed when I heard it. So then I'm like, okay, he changed that on his own. So he probably came to the conclusion that it was nothing.


So then I speak, then me and him talk. And, I got the text in my phone and he's like, I might pull it out. I might pull the text out and, and read it. Let's hear It. Why not? Oh, I ain't even got my, somebody else got my phone. Somebody Grab Shawn's phone. I essentially, the text was saying that she bringing my, so I mean you could read my stuff too. You want me to read it? No, no, no. I don't think we should read it. 'cause I think that's kind of like bitch man. But I want you to kind of like see the sentiment of it. That's real wrongly. So in a sense, I don't want to say it. He apologized in a sense for going that far. You know I for that coming out, right? Yeah. So I wanted to show you that because in a sense he apologized, right?


Yeah, yeah. Yeah. So if Kendrick apologized for that literal, that same leak that I heard prematurely, right. That he didn't use, it's like, then it, then it leaks fully later. Right? And people hear it. And we already discussed it and he said, appreciate the shout out on the Nipsey song. I already addressed it on the song with Nip lack of communication, the wrong information for people fueled by the Eagle. It was like mixing flames with diesel. That's What he said to you in the No, that's what I said on the song with Nipsey. Oh, I Know. In the text it sound like he's kind of said the same thing. Yeah, That's, that's why I said it in the song because in that text he said, yo You know my ego, da da da. Yeah. So it's like when that leak, it's like people are like, oh, you heard what he said about you?


I'm like, I'm not a clout chasing ass bro. I'm solid And I stand on mine. And I'm not about to do something because everyone thinks a certain thing. Like we already talked about it. I already got an apology for it. And Your, your shirt right now says, I do not care about their opinions. Yes. So why would you care about the opinions of other people if You know what it is between you and Doc? Exactly. And that's what it's been. You know I ain't really had too much communication with him since then and You know. But I just want to let, like I represent a lot of people from my city, from where I come from, fans of mine who think I didn't stand on my, and that's not the case and that's what I wanna clarify. I wasn't being a bitch and or like tucking my tail or nothing like that.


And if it was real smoke, if it was really something to stand on, I would be full front. I would be there front and center for it. And, I would be prepared You know what I'm saying? But it's not. And people wanna make something that is not. So that's something that I never really got a chance to clarify and You know. To me it's better to, to be about business and to be authentic and like if, if there's literally not a problem there than I'm not about to feed into no narrative. That isn't true. That I know isn't true. Feel me All. Well let's get into a joint office album. This one features Janae Aiko is The Breakfast Club. Good morning. How, how important is it to have a partner that's on a healing journey like you are? Because Janae has been open about her mental health struggles as well.


I'm not gonna sit up and say like, we're always on the same page. Like we have a lot of, we have a lot of things to work out ourselves. You know, I'm sure like everyone. But it, it does boil down to the same, it does boil down to the same beliefs of like, she, she definitely is someone who believes in like healing and believes in You know a lot of meditation, a lot of putting and putting it into the work You know what I'm saying? And not really so focused on like, oh, the charts or this or that. It's like, that's one thing I really appreciate about her is that she puts like how she feels and where her heart is. And that's something that I have been doing and striving to do as well.


You know what I mean? Yeah. So it's important to have that type of, just that a person like that that you can always talk to and be aligned with. You know, will You two do another 2088 project? There has been music made. Yeah. Okay. Or, but I don't want to speak for her You know what I'm saying? I, I saw in interview she said that You know that the door is open there and it is, but I'm gonna just leave that. It's, it is definitely a possibility. And You know there is some music made for sure. Well's Stopping y'all from getting married. Y'all already did one of those secret industry weddings. No. No. There has not been a secret industry marriage. It's a, it is a, it's a little personal You know what I mean?


But just like to be real with you, just like any people who have dealt with love, we've had our ups and downs You. know what I'm saying? And I think it's still finding the right navigation through it all. I am someone who, I'm not like discounting anything. And I'm not saying that we aren't gonna get married, but what I'm saying is, is that it is just, I would like to do a lot. I would like to And I don't like putting our personal business out there like that either. But there's a lot of work that needs to be done, I feel like in general. Do, do you feel like the Drake and Kendrick situation, beef, whatever you want to call it, stepped over, stepped on your return because you, because you dropped Precision.


Precision Yeah. And didn't like that dropped like a week later and it feel like it just drowned. No, no, no. It dropped the same day. It Was the same day. Yeah, It dropped the Same day. Oh no, no. But you did drop a freestyle the week before though. Am I tripping? I dropped it like a two days before Yeah. Freestyle. Yeah. It felt like it drowned. It felt like it drowned. Like that just drowned that Out. It did drown it out, bro. Yeah, it was like, but you gotta think about it if it's like metro booming in Future and then Kendrick addressing j Cole and Drake. Yeah, Yeah, yeah, yeah. On first person shooter, you kind of involving a whole kind of like, it's a whole thing. It's like a whole You know as opposed to me. I I hadn't even dropped music in years bro. And I'm just like a return.


So I understood it was, I, I was surprised too. I was just like everybody else, like, oh shit. Like You know. Aren't you glad that you and Kendrick never really got into it though? Because that could have been you, Sean. That could be what could have been me. He did drink pretty dirty. He did? Yeah. That could have been. He did. Would would you have been ready for all of that? I guess we'll never know. Yes, though, of course, of course. I would've been ready for it. You know. Well, what, what changes have you made to better me than you since the album got? Well, Luckily, it wasn't the album. Oh, that Wasn't the album? No, it was kind of like a couple things from the album. Okay. But You know Luckily, it wasn't the, the album.


So I think whoever did that though is just kind of like, it was just kind of fucked up to do. I don't know why You know. They said, oh, you was talking about Ye it's like Ye was talking about Me Too You. know what I'm saying? Absolutely. So it's like we All saw Drink Champs. Yeah. What the, Did, did you find out who leaked the album and and what made you have to get on Instagram live and clear up that it wasn't Kanye? Oh, nothing made me do that. Okay. I just was like on Instagram Live vibing, And I saw someone in the comment or some and like it just popped in my head. Like I didn't have like a script ready for Instagram live, but I just don't think that ye would do some like that because I don't know, maybe I'm giving him too much credit.


I don't know. Because it's like, I know I wouldn't do no shit like that. Like I wouldn't leak. Like I got hella Kanye songs unreleased on my hard drive. I would never 'cause ideas that I was working on or seeing if I could contribute to that, I would never leak because that's just like not, this is not my character. Have you spoke to him since then? Since Drink Champs? Nah, since the, well really since the album leaked, I guess. Nah. Okay. Okay. Nah, nah, nah, nah. How is your relationship now and can you have a relationship with a person who on you, the way he did on Drink Champs and he owes you $6 million? Can y'all ever have a genuine relationship? Well, he doesn't owe me the money anymore. It got resolved, but, Oh, he paid you? Someone paid me. I guess it was him, but Word.


Yeah, but I took a little less than I probably, I just wanted to end it instead of going to court for some over that. What Was the haircut? It was 6 million. So what was the haircut? Let's see. That is none of your business. But you good though, y'all, he did pay you basically. Well, yeah, so, so the thing was, I had an issue. And I had an issue because I kept privately being like, yo, I need my money to his lawyers, to him not to not really bringing it to him so much because I know the type of guy he is. He don't be dealing with all of the business aspect of things all the time. You know what I'm saying? So I'm, I'm doing it properly. I'm going through the proper channels management that like You know what I'm saying?


And then after years go by, it's not like I was super hurting for it. But at the same time, it's like, first of all, And I don't want to get it misconstrued. Like signing into good music was the best thing that could have happened to me in that moment in my life, period. I don't take it for granted. It was a golden opportunity signing into my favorite artists at the time and being able to sell 185 million records under good music You. know what I'm saying? That was a, a dream come true. And his only profitable artist at that. So it's like I, I wore that good music and still do, I still with the, the brand and what it did for me and everything like And I. And there was a part of me that Will forever ye because of that too, for signing me You know, I'll never discount that.


But at the same time with the deal I signed, he made more money off of me my music than me. Which is totally fine. I'm not complaining about that. It's just a fact. People be trying to take this so much as a fact. It's just a fact. So when you're owe money off of a deal that you're already getting the lesser part of it and you're hitting, I'm, I'm hitting up Def Jam 'cause I'm auditing Def Jam, Jeff Harston, You know Jeff Harston, I know all these people. I'm like, yo, I need my money bro. Like, where the fuck is my money? 'cause I'm auditing Def Jam every time I audit Def Jam, there's money sitting there. And then when I really broke it down and they were like, oh, yo, you sold 185 million records this. I'm like, wait, this don't equate right.


Where's my $6 million? $6 million? No one's getting back to me, no one's getting back to me. So then I drop a record, I drop a feature on Bun to Benny to Butcher's album, And I say something about it like, niggas, that's Up Bs that owe me s I'm talking about Def Jam. Later on I realized, oh no, your money got paid a long time ago to good music. Okay, I don't give a fuck. Where's my money? No. Oh no, you gotta hit up Yay for that. Oh, okay. Yay. Where's my money? Oh, oh, You know. I'm not getting a straight answer from no one. So then I'm like, bro, y'all playing with my money. This is ridiculous Dog. After all of the times where I've sat in the studio, contributed not got any credit on, which is, like I said, I'm not even complaining about that.


It is what it is. But the point is like, I need my money that's owed to me You. know what I'm saying? So that was, that's all that was. I ended up settling because I ain't want to deal with it no more. I wanted to move past it because that's is all the energy too. So You know, and after he said what he said, and then I got back up with him after he said what he said on Drink Champ. Oh, So y'all y'all did connect after Drink Champ. Yeah. And I'm just in person phone In person. Okay. Yeah. And he said You know. He said what? He said, I'm not, I'm not into like gossip and stuff, but he said what he said and it made me realize that I can't really take, I couldn't really take all what he was saying serious on, on that, on that drink. Champs Very performative. Very performative. And that's the, that's how I'm, that's like probably one of the reasons why, like I feel like that's what I, I'm not, that's what he's good at.


And that I'm not so good at that You know because I'm like, I don't like doing things that don't feel real or like You know where You know when we were there it was like, oh yeah, make sure they get a picture of us leaving here so they can, I'm like, what you saying something wild that about me though? You know what I mean? Like Yeah. I hate that sucker. I don't like that type. I don't like that type of the the, I like, I don't know, like just now I'm the type of person I value my relationships. Yeah. So if I've ever called you a friend, if I've ever called you family, I really mean that. So If, you do something like that to me, And I would never do that to you. It's hard for me to ever look at you. The same ever. Yeah. And I think he was just pissed because he felt like I chose Drake over him.


That that relates back to like, I only bring that up because he brought that up to somebody who told me something. You said drinking. I'm like in 2015 you talking about the song Blessings, where I wrote Helped ye write his verse for the song after he heard the song was I have to be on it. And I helped him write his verse. And then I told him, you gotta turn it into the mastering plan tomorrow bro. 'cause my album is about to come out. I wake up the next, by the way, I'm doing way too much as an artist. Like I shouldn't even have to be worried about shit like this. Alright, I'm checking in like an a and r would. Hey, did he send a verse to mastering? Oh no, he still didn't. I called his engineer. Yo. Did he? Oh no, we still, I'm like, bro, y'all bull, y'all playing. If even he wants to be on the song, he need to send it.


And we ended up doing the video version and the radio version. But for some reason he thinks because Drake didn't want him on that song. But I was like, I'm putting Ye on this song anyway because Ye put me on, if he wants to be on the song, he's gonna be on the song. So even though I've said that to his face, he just don't hear me or some shit. So for some reason he just think, think that I'm being unloyal or some shit. I really don't know. I can't speak for him. I, in fact, I don't like speaking for other people, but I'm just, from my perspective, it was something along those lines with that Managing rapper's egos is crazy. Yeah. What do you think about all of that? Or You know, I think that you should have done what was best for you in your album in that moment.


I think that You know sometimes when you deal with anxiety, you deal about the depression. 'cause I deal with the same thing. We're people pleasers and we don't wanna let people down. Right? But then we're the ones that come.


It started with a backpack at the 1996 Centennial Olympic Games. A backpack that contained a bomb while the authorities focused on the wrong suspect. A serial bomber planned his next attacks, two abortion clinics and a lesbian bar. But this isn't his story. It's a human story. One that I've become entangled with. I saw as soon as I turned the corner, basically someone bleeding out. The victims of these brutal attacks were left to pick up the pieces, forced to explore the gray areas between right and wrong life and death. Their once ordinary lives. And mine changed forever. It Kind of gave me a feeling of, of pending doom. And all the while our country found itself facing down a long and ugly reckoning with a growing threat. Far right, homegrown religious terrorism. Listen to Flashpoint on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts.


In the summer of 2020, in the small mountain town of Idlewild, California, five women disappeared in the span of just a few months. Eventually I found out what happened to the women. All except one, a woman named Lydia Abrams known as dear. Her friends and family ran through endless theories where she hurt hiking. Did she run away? Had she been kidnapped? I'm Lucy Sheriff. I've been reporting this story for four years and I've uncovered a tangled web of manipulation, estranged families and greed. Everyone it seems has a different version of events Here. The story on Where's Dear my new podcast from Pushkin Industries and iHeartPodcasts, listen on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you listen to podcasts.


This could be the craziest podcast pairing ever. The governor of California, Gavin Newsom and Superbowl Champ, Marshawn Beast Mode Lynch our politician. What Is politicing even mean? There's bridging gaps with no politics Joined by their friend and agent Doug Hendrickson. It's gonna be a wild ride. We Can change The World podcast by podcast, Huge. Listen to politician with Gavin Newsom, Marshawn Lynch, and Doug Hendrickson on America's number one podcast network. iHeart, open your free iHeart app and search politician and start listening.


Guess what, mango, what's up Will. So iHeart is giving us a whole minute to promote our podcast. Part-Time Genius. I know. That's why I spent my whole week composing a haiku for the occasion. It's about my emotional journey in podcasting over the last seven years. And it's called Earthquake House. Mango. Mango. I, I, I'm gonna cut you off right there. Why don't we just tell people about our show instead? Yeah. That's a better idea. So every week on Part-time genius, we feed our curiosity by answering the world's most important questions. Things like, when did America start dialing 9 1 1 Is William Shatner's best acting work in Esperanto? Also, what happened to Esperanto? Plus, we cover questions like, how Chinese is your Chinese food? How do dollar stores stay in business? And of course, is there an illuminati of cheese? There absolutely is. And we are risking our lives by talking about it. But If you love mind blowing facts, incredible history, and really bad jokes. Make your brains happy and tune into part-time genius. Listen to Part-Time genius on the iHeartRadio app or wherever you get your podcasts.


Get emotional with me, Riley DeLucia in my new podcast, a really good cry we're gonna talk about and go through all the things that are sometimes difficult to process alone. We're gonna go over how to regulate your emotions, diving deep into holistic personal development and just building your mindset to have a happier, healthier life. We're gonna be talking with some of my best friends. I didn't Know we were gonna go there on this Honest people that I admire. When we say Listen to your body, really tune into what's Going on. Exactly. Authors are books that have changed my life that now you're talking about sympathy. Right? Which is different than empathy, right? Yeah. And basically have conversations that can help us get through this crazy thing we call life. I already believe in myself. Yeah. I already see myself. And so when people give me an opportunity, I'm just like, oh great. You see Me too? We'll laugh together. We'll cry together and find a way through all of our emotions. Never forget it's okay to cry as long as you make it a really good one. Listen to a really good cry with Ra DeLucia on the iHeartRadio app. apple Podcasts or wherever you get your podcasts.


Constantly end up getting let down. Like you gotta, I'm you got a verse that I wanna talk about later on. Okay. That says something like that. But yeah, Yeah then that's true though bro. It's like I be giving a too much about these people that don't give a fuck About you. That's right. I don't give a fuck. That's right. This nigga ain't none. I mean, I don't know. I can't speak from dirty like that. I, that ain't, that's really not who I am. And I say that with Pride You know. I don't, I don't say that. Like that's just not, that's not who I am. So Especially if I'm spending all this time doing all this work on myself, And I can look at you and tell that you need to do a lot more work on yourself so you have grace for that person.


Yeah. But that don't mean that you coulda, continually, continuously allow this person On you. Nah. Period. Yeah. Hell. And you can listen to the full version at 9:00 AM this morning, right? Yes. On my YouTube page. YouTube, God. C-T-H-A-G-O-D. Let's get right to Jess with the mess. Let's go Jess. Yo. So a missing 12-year-old girl was found. A 12-year-old girl from Georgia was finally found in Ohio after being missing for two months. We got the report. 12-year-old Maria, Ms. Perez disappeared for almost two months. Over 50,000 flyers and posters across several states later whose communities wish she'd be found came true.


Norma Hernandez helping search and the only person Andres trusted during this time. He sent her the message deputies think Maria sent him from Dover, Ohio. He says he didn't know if it was really her. That message led deputies to this face. Nine hours away from Gainesville investigators say 34-year-old Antonio Augustin Alon picked her up in May after Maria expressed she was unhappy at home. Andrea says he's not the only one. She was messaging. He Did try his best to protect her from being online. But it doesn't matter what he did. You know this happened and we're just happy that he's ending in a good way. Yeah. The 34-year-old man drove from Ohio to Georgia to pick her up after she told him that she was unhappy at home.


That's just crazy. The police eventually found her after the child allegedly messaged her father on Facebook and she had to create a new account just to message her father that she was okay and that he needs to stop looking for her because she wasn't coming home. Anyway, Georgia police traded the I they traced the IP address and that's how they found where she was at. So they alert, alerted local Ohio police and she was found at the local swimming pool. The man, he was arrested at a nearby shopping center parking lot. His name is Antonio. Augustine. And they safely rescued her. They did like medical tests and everything. She was physically unharmed and he's expected to face several felony charges in Georgia and in Ohio being that he transported a child across state lines, And I honestly feel like she needed to go into some type of detention center as well because yeah, he's wrong first and foremost.


But these kids need some type of discipline. These kids need to see like this what you don't do. Like I I, I remember watching shows like Scared Straight and all that. One of that was real or not. And the Steve Wilco show and all of that type of stuff. Bootcamp, all that. Like these kids are way too free. Yo, they just way too free. And the moment you put your hand up, remember Oz a child. Yeah, I remember Oz. Yeah. All Watching you watch a man get his booty taken. Come on now. Yeah. But as far as like the children, I think children should be like chastised and disciplined and shown like what not to do. Yeah. You, you don't, you make you make a mistake like this.


She could have lost her life. Anything could have happened. The guy could have crashed. She could have, I don't know. She could have been raped. She could have met like little dumb girl. You 12. Like what are you doing? And then you gonna tell your father don't you can stop looking for me 'cause I'm not coming home. Oh, excuse me. Alright, cool. So when you get back here, you going to bootcamp. That's just what it is. Huh? That just made me mad. That triggered me. 'cause I'm about to have a little girl. All right y'all. That's just for the mess. All right. Thank you Jess Charlamagne. Who you giving that down? Two, listen man, before, after the hour, let's talk crack. Matter of fact, let's talk meth too. And pills and Florida You know it's gonna be good. All right, we'll get to that. Next is The. Breakfast. Club. Good morning. Wake up. Wake up. You're locked into The. Breakfast, Club.


You trying be a fake as Charlamagne some donkey days, just so Themselves have been watching Char Man was ready. Forkey Donkey. I never heard old Donkey other day. What is it? Tom Donkey. Say it again. Charla man. I'm a donkey. Yes, you're a donkey. Everything. And Charlamagne is saying is true. Yes. Donkey today for Friday, August 2nd goes to a 41-year-old Florida woman named Lauren Riley. Now what does your uncle Charla always tell you about the great state of Florida? Say it with me. The craziest people in America come from the Bronx in all of Florida. And today is no exception. I believe Florida is the actual internet.


You ever be online and see some of the most mad, insane, deranged nut ass things happening And say to yourself, where is this? Okay, this can't be the earth I live on. I feel like 95% of those things we see like that online come from Florida. Therefore Florida is the actual internet. Now y'all know what a charcuterie board is, right? You know what the charcuterie board is? Charcuterie board of course. Yeah. That's like the meat and keys. Yeah. Yeah. S stuff like that. French fruit, French appetizers, they call 'em. They got the selection of preserved meats and cheeses. What you like the meat envy. And it's got like other tasty things. You know arranged on like this wooden board or stone slab meat is pretty good. Yeah, I know, I know.


So Lauren was busted with what can only be described as a crack coterie board. The reason it's a crack coterie board is because she had a smorgasbord. Okay? A spread of crack meth and pills. All she was trying to get hired in one of future's holes. Okay? Unlike that future said, all my hoes do shrooms. All my hoes do coke. Personally, I think future should get new holes. But if that's what he's into, Lauren is taking it to another level because she does crack meth and pills. Now addiction is a disease. So I wouldn't give someone donkey today for that. But the drugs arteries and she's getting the biggest, he haw seat. Lauren was sitting in the passenger seat of a car when her friend was pulled over in St. Petersburg for failing to wear a seatbelt.


At 11:30 AM on Saturday, a state trooper allegedly saw Lauren reaching for something on the passenger side floor. And then the trooper spotted a small burnt piece of tinfoil. A piece of tinfoil isn't nothing but a air fryer for crack. So when the cops saw that air fryer for crack, he asked Lauren to step out the car. Then he searched her purse. And in that purse was the crack, the meth, the pills. And she had that whole crack coterie board in a container. And on the container she had it marked written, putting black and white committed to ink on the container. I'm not making this up, it said bag of drugs.


Lauren had a pouch in the car that literally said bag of drugs on it. Okay? And so she had 3.25 grams of cocaine, 1.75 grams of crack and one gram of crystal meth. Not to mention 4.5 pills of an anti-anxiety drug. 1.5 opioid pills and two pills of an A DHD stimulant along with drug paraphernalia like a metal spoon, a syringe, and four glass pipes. Now I need to know, how many bags do you own, Lauren? How many bags do you have? That lookalike that you had to label one bag of drugs. And even If, you don't have any bags that lookalike. Why did you need the write bag of drugs on the pouch? Now I am a person who does edibles. Okay? I do them for my anxiety.


I do them to relax. I know my dosage. 10 milligrams. I'm good. I'm sharing that to say never in my days of doing drugs or selling them, have I ever had to label something Bag of drugs. This is the type of stuff my wife does at the house. You know, you go in the bathroom, things are labeled You know you got your toiletries, your dental stuff, soap, You know, just like things are labeled in the kitchen, bread, snacks. But one thing I have never, ever, ever, ever have a seat and my history of life is someone having a bag of drugs labeled bag of drugs. That sounds like something that would be on a bag from a clothing store called the High Street Boutique or Dose of Style or a restaurant. The Dose Diner, the crack cafe. Lauren was charged with drug and paraphernalia possession and she has since been released from the county jail.


No need to try to make sense of any of this. Ladies and getman, just know it's Florida. Please give Lauren Riley the sweet sound to the Hamiltons Now you day of the day. All right, Well thank you for that donkey today, sir. Now when we come back, OG legend, Keith Sweat will be joining us. He's getting the key to New York City this weekend and he's stopping through and we're gonna get on a a, a key sweat mini mix too.


So let me know what your favorite key sweat joints are as well. So when we come back, key sweat will be joining us. It's The Breakfast. Club. Good morning The. Breakfast Club. Morning everybody. It's DJ NV. Just hilarious. Charlamagne the guy. We are The Breakfast. Club. We got a special guest in the building. A legend. A icon, man. The og. Keep sweat ladies. Gentlemen, welcome. Yes sir. What up? What up, what up? How y'all doing man? How you feeling man? I'm amazing. I'm great. I'm great. I can't complain man. Congratulations on receiving the key to the city in Harlem. That's right. Getting that this weekend. About time Harlem. Yeah, about time. I got about time. I got something About Time. I got something baby. How's It feel to be recognized?


Oh, it's amazing man. You know growing up in Harlem, two blocks away from n Palo You. know for those that don't know, on 25th Street, four 30 West on 25th Street, Motown, Amsterdam is, it's an amazing feeling. You know to be recognized and get the key to New York City. I mean, I didn't expect it, but You know I take it. Is there anything that, what else has Harlem done? Harlem, I'm sure you've received other accolades from Harlem before, right? I nope. Wow. For real. No, no, no, no, no. And that's why I say is You know I never got a Grammy, never got a BET award. Damn. I mean, I guess I don't play the politics. I don't play politics. Well yeah, You know. You know how that is. You gotta play the politics to get certain things. So I think my flowers are coming 'cause I still, I'm at, yeah, I'm still able to headline shows.


Still able to see like 5, 6, 7, 8,000 people at the shows. Still able to go on tour with people like New Edition and You know like we did that new edition tour. Yeah. So I'm still able to do things like that. That's, to me those are, those are my rewards because I'm still able to do what I've been doing for the, since the eighties. Right. That's how You know awards and accolades don't really mean much. 'cause I would've never, I ain't even think about it. Like in my mind, Keith Sweat is one of the most decorated artists of all time. Right. You know I'm saying but You know. I don't You know you can't take that to the bank. Yeah. You know what I'm saying? But people acknowledge me and the people recognized me as being one of the people that opened doors for a lot of people that came out You know after me. So I don't, I don't, I don't really recognize it.


And then I look at all my friends like Tank and Bat Joe and all the people that rock still rock with me and to be there for me when I call 'em and Johnny You know those, those type of things mean a lot to me Now. Now 50 cent wanted me to ask you gonna Shreveport in two weeks. He wanted me to ask he, he said ask, ask Keith, is he, is he coming to Shreveport or August 10th? Ask 50th. He's showing up August 3rd. Is 50 gonna be the the key to the city on Saturday? Ask 50 and stop writing songs about he going put that nine You. know what I'm saying? That's my mind though. You know 50. I talked to him after the show the other night. So he, he made me laugh 50 Crazy. But that's my mind. I saw when you posted the video and you had how to Rob playing And.


I didn't even think about it 'cause you just only think about all the rappers he was talking about. That's right. Yeah. But when you first heard that record, what you think, 'cause I don't know if people realize it that Ke Sweat is really a screech. That's right. Don't get it to it. That's right. So what did you think when you first heard that record back in the day? I said, who this dude talking about? He going Rob. Well I mean back in the day that's, I laughed at it back in the day 'cause it was You know funny to me. You know at least he said he was gonna rob me and not do something else. To me You know. Right, right. You know what I'm saying? I mean, so I laughed at it back in the day. So it was funny 'cause when he asked me You know, when he asked me to come to Shreveport, I was like, You know, You know. I always wanna support You know because I did his other thing in Houston year before that Tku. Yeah got Tycoon Fest and that was fly.


So You know. So, so when he asked me to come, I just said, man I'm gonna zoom this to you. And I up. He said what's wrong with these RBS? They crying. You know the RB dudes is the one that used. They gonna fighting that. Yeah, they're the one that that fight. They, the rappers chill dude. RB dudes be Fighting. Right. But I left, I left before they started fighting that Tycoon Fest. I went and did what I had to do and left You know. And then I'm seeing Pleasure and all of them getting in the fight. I said, what's wrong with 'em? You know. So You know. So when I did that, he said what's wrong with these? Y'all used to getting them little dust ups back in the day too though. Keith Little Kerfuffles. Yeah, but You know. You know. Sometimes You know I, I'm one of them people that You know everybody know what it is.


So You know I don't really have to say too much. You know. I'll be like, all right, it is what it is. You know. Sometimes I just let it just rub off me. I'm gonna let it rub off me and then we'll talk about it when I see you. But half the time I just let stuff rub off because If, you take everything and run with it You know what I'm saying? You be fighting with everybody You. know what I'm saying? So some things you just have to let be. 'cause You know what it is. So I'm not gonna fight with everybody You know it like man, come on, pick and choose your battle. Yeah, I pick and choose. Alright. And you got a new single Lay You Down and that hit number one on the billboard adult RB airplay chart. Right. How did that feel? Oh that felt good. You know, I feel like when I want to come out and get a number one record, I could just come out and do it. You know everybody don't do that.


Key sweat begging stuff. But it's RB missing begging because You know back in the day, You know people be, you'd be begging for that woman. Come back baby, baby, please baby, baby, baby. Please. A lot of people will stay with begging You know because You know I'm still doing what I do. Like I said, I'm still touring crazy. So the begging works for all those that that said You know, I'm tired of hearing that begging. But You know, they know who to put on when they want some man, maybe y'all need to start pulling some of these young boys to the side and not just have conversations about what they singing about, but the life that you need to lead to even create these kind of records. You know what I mean? Teach them some game. I don't know if they got no Game man You know it's on them. I ain't got, I ain't teach, I ain't teaching.


I ain't losing what I got teaching somebody else Do. Do you think you can, do you think you could live in this era growing up with all the phones, with all the, the social media? Because, because you, I'm sure you could imagine some of the things you did that nobody else know but you, Hell no. This is too much. Every every as soon as you do something, people know about it. I mean, I'm glad I was, I lived in that area where you could get away with certain things. You know everything don't need to be seen and and heard. So I'm glad that I was able to experience that. Now experiencing this And I, I tell my sons, I feel sorry for y'all You know because it's a different day and different times. So I really feel sorry for her. I mean, this day and age You know like we had fun back in the day like, and like crazy fun.


Like it's like no fun. Really. All right, we got more with Ke Sweat when we come back. Let's get into Akee Sweat Mini Mix. It's The Breakfast Club. Good morning. That was Akee Sweat. Mini Mix. Morning everybody is DJ Envy. Jess Larry, Larry Charlamagne the guy. We are The. Breakfast Club. We're still kicking in with Keith Sweat Charlamagne. I see you about to go back out on tour too, right? Yeah. I gotta get that money. The Sweat Hotel tour. Right, right. How many days you gonna do? I mean like I get dates all the time. So it's like, it is mainly it is coming. I can, it's it's fortunate. Like I can do three, four shows a week so it doesn't bother me. Well a lot of people can't do that. I can still do that type of thing. My voice still holds up. So I mean if they give me it doesn't matter.


I mean, whoever wanna see me, I'm coming. You feel like going out on the road? You at the 10 day, the 10 day age of 63. Man, I love going out on the road, man. Yeah. I love showing people like, yo, I love fever. Showing people, showing people up. I mean, I love doing what I do. So You know I definitely want to go out And I definitely love doing what I do. When people see me, they don't expect that my, my show is, is as has as much energy. I got 12 dancers, full band You know Do My Change on Nobody You. know what I'm saying? Like Sir Shep said when I go down and do that, drop down and come back up. Yeah. And I do all that. I could just still do that. That's ain't nothing changed. On the Sweat Hotel baby.


You make a lot of love, love songs. Right? Like how deep is your love? I'll give all my love to you. Has Keith Sweat ever truly been in love? Oh yeah. You know a few times You know. But it is what it is. You ever got your heart broken? That's the question. Yeah. Hell yeah. Everybody get their heartbroken. I just don't want, I don't wanna talk about it all the time. What the hell, what the hell? I wanna share a heartbreak with y'all for. You just put it in music. Yeah, put it in music. That's all they need to hear them music. No where else? Leave me alone about my heartbreak. You still dating girls half your age? Yeah. Yeah. You know what I'm, I keep you young up. Come on baby. It'll keep you man.


What did, man, stop. Don't start dating here. Y'all go. Here y'all go. I'm getting ready to get up and leave now. Hey, I keep out. One time Keith said to me, keep said, he said Charla man, what I look like dating a woman in my head. Right? Yeah, I said that. Yeah. Ladies, I ain't say that. Listen to the East. Everybody was ladies, I ain't say that. Don't believe it's man, don't believe y'all know. I wouldn't talk about y'all like that. Come on. Y'all look good too. Come on now. Now you start, you started some of your shows when I seen you and you sampled Drake, the light-skinned Keith Sweat. Right? Have you and Drake chopped it up at all?


No. Never. I mean, one, I saw him once and that was it. You know. You know that was it. Don't slog that either. Yeah, I know. See you getting ready to go somewhere with that too? I know y'all, I I'm gonna cut you out off at the path. I I don't think a lot of people know about all the business ventures you got going on too, man. You don't talk about that either. Yeah, we can talk about that. Okay. You got the luxury bags, right? Platinum Status Bags. You got candles by Keef, right? And you got the Twisted Pie Pizza restaurant in Atlanta. Right? What made you wanna diversify your portfolios? Well, You know, when I first got to Atlanta, I opened a restaurant called the Industry You know back in the day that people You know, so I started there, but You know I was the sole owner and You know, being the sole owner and me trying to travel and, and be on the road.


It's too, it's, it's like too much. So You know. Now I got partners with You know Twist the Pot Vegan pizza. It's good. A Yo Douglasville, you go there and get this fool. You ain't gonna want no other fool. I promise you man. You know and You know who can do it better than me. Nobody baby, nobody. So now I got that You know executive produced movies as well. So I saw that though. What's it called? Trouble Man Coming up. Trouble Man coming up. I is, I'm one of executive producers, not the executive producer, but I'm working with Darren Henson on something You know, and I'm executive producing that with him. I've been doing quite a few executive producing things on the movie side. So how many times do you gotta turn down somebody asking you to perform at their wedding?


Yeah, I mean, you must get that all the time. A zillion of one. Like have To I don't, I mean, I, I've done it, but I really don't do weddings. So I've done it for a few people and You know, but I, I get it all.


It started with a backpack at the 1996 Centennial Olympic Games. A backpack that contained a bomb while the authorities focused on the wrong suspect. A serial bomber planned his next attacks, two abortion clinics and a lesbian bar. But this isn't his story. It's a human story, one that I've become entangled with. I saw as soon as I turned the corner, basically someone bleeding out. The victims of these brutal attacks were left to pick up the pieces, forced to explore the gray areas between right and wrong life and death. Their once ordinary lives and mine changed forever. It kind of gave me a feeling of, of pending doom. And all the while our country found itself facing down a long and ugly reckoning with a growing threat. Far right, homegrown religious terrorism. Listen to Flashpoint on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts.


In the summer of 2020, in the small mountain town of Idlewild, California, five women disappeared in the span of just a few months. Eventually I found out what happened to the women. All except one, a woman named Lydia Abrams known as dear. Her friends and family ran through endless theories. Was she hurt hiking? Did she run away? Had she been kidnapped? I'm Lucy. She, I've been reporting this story for four years and I've uncovered a tangled web of manipulation, estranged families and greed. Everyone it seems has a different version of events. Hear the story on Where's Dear my new podcast from Pushkin Industries and iHeartPodcasts. Listen on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you listen to podcasts.


This could be the craziest podcast pairing ever. The Governor of California, Gavin Newsom and Superbowl Champ, Marshan Beast Mode Lynch our politician. What is politician even mean? There's bridging gaps With no politics Joined by their friend and agent, Doug Hendrickson. It's gonna be a wild ride. We can change The World podcast by podcast. Listen to politician with Gavin Newsom, Marshawn Lynch, and Doug Hendrickson on America's number one podcast network. iHeart, open your free iHeart app and search politicking and start listening.


Guess what, mango. What's up Will? So iHeart is giving us a whole minute to promote our podcast, Part-Time Genius. I know. That's why I spent my whole week composing a haiku for the occasion. It's about my emotional journey in podcasting over the last seven years. And it's called Earthquake House Mango. Mango. I, I I'm gonna cut you off right there. Why don't we just tell people about our show instead? Yeah. That's a better idea. So every week on Part-Time Genius, we feed our curiosity by answering the world's most important questions. Things like, when did America start dialing 9 1 1 Is William Shatner's best acting work in Esperanto? Also, what happened to Esperanto? Plus, we cover questions like, how Chinese is your Chinese food? How do dollar stores stay in business? And of course, is there an illuminati of cheese? There absolutely is, and we are risking our lives by talking about it. But If you love mind blowing facts, incredible history, and really bad jokes. Make your brains happy and tune into part-Time genius. Listen to Part-Time Genius on the iHeartRadio app or wherever you get your podcasts.


Get emotional with me, RA DeLucia in my new podcast, A really good cry we're gonna talk about and go through all the things that are sometimes difficult to process alone. We're gonna go over how to regulate your emotions, diving deep into holistic personal development, and just building your mindset to have a happier, healthier life. We're gonna be talking with some of my best friends. I didn't Know we were gonna go there on this. People that I admire when We say listen to your body, really tune into what's going On. Authors of books that have changed my life. Now you're talking about sympathy, right? Which is different than empathy, right? Yeah. And basically have conversations that can help us get through this crazy thing we call life. I already believe in myself. Yeah. I already see myself. And so when people give me an opportunity, I'm just like, oh, great. You see me too? We'll laugh together. We'll cry together. I'm find a way through all of our emotions. Never forget. It's okay to cry as long as you make it a really good one. Listen to a really good cry with Riley DeLucia on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts or wherever you get your podcasts


Time. I get it all the time. And You know, not to say that I don't like to do it. I I'll do it for certain people and certain people, I'll just say, okay, I'm, I'm done. I don't want to do that back there. Yeah. With, with all the accolades and awards You know what that you that you haven't won, just getting this key to the city. Make you want to say You know what? Let me keep going. So hopefully these people start honoring me. Well, You know respectfully. I'm gonna tell you something. What normally happens, it only takes one to open doors for everything else. That's right. And New Yorkers the biggest or one of the biggest city between New York and la. Right. So when people see that, then they be like, all those that don't know about Keith Sweat, now they say, who's this Keith Sweat guy?


You? know what I'm saying? You know how that work. Damn. You don't know Keith Sweat something wrong. Hey, but You know. Hey, I mean, but You know. You might know me, but You know You know You know what the problem is. I manage myself. I've been managing myself for the last 25, 30 years. That, that, that's a strike against me in terms of some people. I'm not signed to no agency. That's another strike. 'cause I got my own agency. But you richer than most artists. No, but, but what I'm saying is You know it's not what You know. It's who You know. Yeah. As You know. And those are the reasons why I probably haven't gotten certain things because I don't want You know. But I'm good with getting the check. That's all. Or what is Sweat Fest? That's gonna be your festival? Yeah, I did it.


I've done it in Montego Bay. Okay. I've done it in Dr last year, now in Cancun. This year. It's my, it's my festival. So five days, four nights. Yeah. And, and and Cancun baby. So You know, let get them tickets. October the 10th to the 14th. We go. It is going down. I'm performing. Joe is performing. I got a few other people that's on the comedians and everything. It's going down. So we, we doing it big. I'm trying to, I'm trying to get y'all to come on out in the fun in the sun. Dance You know you coming out. Right. Oh, hey, you don't sound like you coming out. You Hmm. And I figured. I know. I, but I was gonna tell you, but I was gonna, this is where you should go to Shreveport and then you call Fifth and be like, fifth, I done did Shreveport.


You come to Sweat Fest. That's a good idea. You wanna represent me on that? Nah, I ain't doing that. I ain't doing that. Ain't getting, I ain't getting involved in y'all Men Grown man business. What the what's the website for? Sweat Fest? Sweat fest cancun.com. That's right. All keep sweat man. When you get that key to the city. This, this weekend. What If you coming down to Sweat, sweat Festival, keto City? No, ITO City. I'm outta town. I'm gonna be outta town. What kind of is this? I'm gonna be outta town. You know. See that's that bull. I like you. That's that bull right there. You do this to me all the time. You gonna perform at my wedding. You already got married. I I was gonna see what you say. That's why you, I know you already got married. I see you on social media. 50 Say they giving you Diddy Keith. They give you the key and to say Diddy on it.


What you going to do Keith? What if they got Diddy names crashed out in the sweat on it? What going do man? They ain't gonna do no like that. I ain't gonna talk about like that. Why y'all, I'm drinking my goddamn coffee right now. Ain't no Hennessy. That's Hennessy now. These sweats getting the key to the city. August 7th. They ain't gonna be here because they Bo swear y'all The. Breakfast Club. Good boy. The Breakfast. Club. Morning everybody. It's CJ Envy. Just hilarious. Charlamagne the guy. We are The. Breakfast. Club. It's time for pastor. Oh Yeah.


DJ come spin. Come spin. What's up Nala? What's up guys? Girl, Big Nla in here with the poetic justice braids? No, those flocks. Flocks. Okay. Okay. Charlamagne asked where you got 'em from? 'cause I thought Charlamagne was gonna try to get something coming Monday with the full Oh, Stop the Fetty WAPs Menu. The No. Would You do that? No, I do. That be, I mean You know my wife has good people, but You know. I wanted to know where you got 'em done at. Oh, Okay. Okay. Salt and pepper dreads on him. Marilyn must be the place to be. 'cause that's what she going to get something else done. Marilyn is definitely the place. If, you get your hair, nails affordable and last but, all right, Amy, who, let's get into the music. I wanna start off with Cali's new record. You know Cali announced that she's pregnant and her and Milano just did a track and You know Milano also has a baby too.


And they be freestyling together. So I thought it was cool that these two girls came together and the record is called Big one. That's Exactly how every pregnant woman act don't care about nothing like Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah. Anything you bring up. Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, Yeah. Yeah. Just is this a shot? It is always a shot. Me, I sound hard. I like just not the only pregnant in The. World. Yeah, yeah, yeah. But, but I do like he's saying you don't care about nothing right now. Yeah, yeah. Yeah. But and didn't she just do our gender reveal to the song? Yes, she did on her video. You still allowed to do gender reveals. It was cute. What do you mean? Are you still allowed? Is it the baby supposed to decide what gender they are now? Jeez.


Okay, moving on. So the next record is Kehlani remix because you are a yo, you're, the next record is by Jordan Tunji. I don't know if I butchered that. Sorry. But it's Kehlani, the record was already viral, but then Kehlani hopped on the remix. Oh, she jumped on It? Yeah, she did. I've been playing it for a while. That dude is dope. I think he sounded 300. He's dope though. Yeah, he is. Yeah. I actually like that. I actually was waiting Kehlani, Your, your mic going in and out here. Wait For who? The name of the song is called Kehlani, right? Yeah. Yeah. And she dropped and she jumped on her. I thought that was pretty cool. I like the original song too. Yep. Agreed. So he wrote a song about Kehlani. Yeah. And then she hopped on it.


Dope. Yes. Very well done. Shout out to Kalani for embracing new artists, Especially If. you was trying to high at it. If you was trying to high at us when he did a song about it and then she reached out to get on it. Well, You know Kalani doesn't like men Today. Nah, she's really going. Oh, it's old. Yeah, She's full blown lesbian. I don't think she's bisexual Anymore. She's great. Plant based. Yeah. Alright. And then our last one is Jana Equal with guidance. And. I. Just gotta warn you guys, it's a sleepy record for radio, but I really like the message, so I I wanted to bring It, this song is about a relationship that's run its course. That's why she says you, I'm not, you're not enough and you're not enough for you. It's nobody's fault. It's nobody's lost. Just had a lot to learn. You would've matched that little of my path to show me what?


Bridge de Burn. Oh my God. I thought you knew all that off the dome. But you're reading that, right? Yeah. Oh, okay. I'm like, dang. That's crazy. You Thought he was into it already? You took all That in. That was nuts. Oh yeah. No, it's, it's a great record. Interesting man. And I like the hook too. Because she's saying like, I could stand alone regardless. I have enough light, I have enough God in me that I'm fine. I mean, that's interesting because You know I, I got a conversation with Big Sean that that's dropping in a second and he talks about their relationship and that's, he says that You know there's a lot of work to be done. Well I hope to see them working on it. I know he just pulled up on her on her tour. You know she's doing a tour right now, so it's cute to see them together. I still really, really would love a 2088 tape.


I don't know if you're gonna get that. Did y'all talk about that? Yes. He said it's up to Jana. It's up to Janae. That's what he Said. Well Jana, we need that tape. Well, I don't know which one we're supposed to be looking at, but yeah man, shout out to Jana and then also ASAP Rocky drop. But I didn't, they said you guys already talked about it. I like they Said every out on the hour. Oh, every hour on the hour. Yes. Yes. Look at y'all. Generous. What You mean generous? Get that iHeart stimulus. What you talking about that nothing Do with us? Well, On that note, make sure you guys follow me on the gram at Nyla Simone. N-Y-L-A-S-Y-M-O-N-E-E-E. Make sure you guys follow my podcast page. We need to talk W-N-T-T-L-K. We just hit 10 K on the gram and 70 K on TikTok.


So just proud of it. And then also makes you guys follow us a certified vibe. Next month is our one year anniversary, so we're gonna have a Damn already. Yeah. Wow. Yeah, yeah, yeah. I be flying. I was actually looking at the video of you applying pressure on me about actually doing the event. You look mad younger for real? Yeah. Only because you didn't have this at all. The beard? Yes. What Is it? The Gras. Oh, what is the, But yes, so makes you guys follow at it's a certified vibe. We got playlists, we got events, and we just keep you in the loop. All right. Now when we come back, let's get to the mix. Salute to Vibes Cartel.


He was, he's home now, so we gonna play some tunes this morning. All right. So shout to all my Caribbean people, all my Trinidadian, Guyanese, Jamaican, Haitian If. you just love Caribbean music. We're gonna get into it this morning. And it's The, Breakfast, Club. Good morning, You are checking out. The. Breakfast, Club. Morning everybody. It's DJ Envy. Just hilarious. Charlamagne the guy. We are The Breakfast. Club. I just gotta remind you guys, shout to Memphis. Last year we did a a, a call show in Memphis with PRE and we were able to bring all DO'S calls and we had the do museum there. So we are gonna do it again this year with PRA. This time we're doing Keylock. Keylock is bringing all his cars. We're gonna have all the camouflage cars as well. So I can't wait to see you guys.


Guys. Memphis on Labor Day weekend and also today, Charlemagne's conversation with Big Sean came out today. Yes it did. You know I dropped a new series a few weeks ago, started a new series called Outer Context, and today is episode two and Big Sean is on there talking about everything, man. Everything from his relationship with Kanye West, Kendrick Lamar You know Jana Aiko. He's talking about fatherhood. But most importantly, he's talking about his new album, better Me Than You. And his new book that he has coming out later this year called Go Higher. So go check out that conversation in full on my YouTube page at Seat of God. C-T-H-A-G-O-D. It's like an hour 47 minutes man. So that's one of them ones you want to You know.


Be at home tonight on your couch watching. Alright? And when we come back, we got the positive notice. The. Breakfast. Club. Good morning. Morning everybody. It's DEJ nv Jess. Hilarious Charlamagne. God we are The. Breakfast. Club. Now Jess, what you doing this weekend? Having a baby? I'm trying to have this baby. Hopefully it comes. You really wanna have this baby this weekend, huh? Absolutely. You know what's so funny? You got a delay so your mouth moves, but then the words come later so it looks real tube. I'm talking about this is giving like real tubey. Yeah, I don't know why it does that. Alright. Right. Well you have a great weekend, Jess. We miss you and you be safe.


Enjoy. Relax You mean relax You about to have a baby, but relax. She's about to be in labor for 48 hours. It ain't gonna be that long. She what? Well leave us on a positive Note. Listen, I wanna tell y'all too, I wanna salute to Aaron Burnett, man, Aaron Burnett. She has her show out front on CNN. I was on there yesterday last night actually. So thank you Aaron for having me. She had me on there talking about my new book. Get Honest to Die Line Watch Small Talk Sucks. And talking about You know politics in particular, what was said about Vice President Kamala Harris. So thank you for having me Aaron. And the positive note is simple man. It comes from Aristotle. And Aristotle said, excellence is not an act, but a habit. Strive to be excellent in everything that you do.


Even the little things because it's those little, little, little things that you do that that those, those little habits that you do that help you develop. You know big levels of excellence. So always remember, excellence is not an act, but a habit. Have a blessed day, breakfast Club bitches. Y'all finished or y'all dust?


Back in 96, Atlanta was booming with excitement around hosting this Centennial Olympic Games and then a deranged zealot willing to kill for a cause lit a fuse that would change my life. And so many others forever rippling out for generations. Listen to Flashpoint on the iHeartRadio app on apple Podcasts or wherever you get your podcasts.


This could be the craziest podcast pairing ever. The governor of California, Gavin Newsom and Super Bowl champ Marshawn Beast Mode Lynch our politician. What is politicing Even mean? There's bridging gaps with no politics Joined by their friend and agent Doug Hendrickson. It's gonna be a wild ride. We can change The World Podcast by podcast Talk. Listen to politician with Gavin Newsom, Marshon Lynch, and Doug Hendrickson on America's number one podcast network. iHeart open your free iHeart app and search politicking and start listening.


In 2020, in a small California mountain town, five women disappeared. I found out what happened to all of them except one, a woman known as Dear whose estate is worth millions of dollars. I'm Lucy Sheriff. Over the past four years, I've spoken with Deer's family and friends and I've discovered that everyone has a different version of events. Hear the story on Where's Dear. Listen on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you listen to podcasts,


Welcome to, in case you missed it, with Christina Williams, the podcast, that's your go-to source for women's hoops. From buzzer beaters to Breaking News, I bring you the highlights, analysis, and expert insights. You need to stay ahead of the game. The people have spoken and it's time to give the stories that matter most. The spotlight. Listen to in case you missed it, on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcast, or wherever you get your podcasts. And remember, in case you missed it, don't worry, I've got you covered.


Guess what will, what's up Mango? I've been trying to write a promo for our podcast, Part-Time Genius. But even though we've done over 250 episodes, we don't really talk about murders or cults. I mean, we did just cover the Illuminati of cheese. So I feel like that makes us pretty edgy. We also solve mysteries like how Chinese is your Chinese food and how do dollar stores make money? And then of course, can you game a dog show? So what you're saying is everyone should be listening. Listen to Part-Time Genius on the iHeartRadio app or wherever you get your podcasts.