
Listen to me. This is Charlemagne to God talking. If you're not on prime, you're missing out prime's. Not just fast free delivery, although that is definitely a big perk. It's a collection of excellent services that help you get more outta whatever passion you're into or getting into. Like right now, I am really getting into past life regression therapy, and there's so many books about it on Prime. So you can order books with Prime or even listen to content on Amazon Music. Whether you're binge watching the latest on Prime video, listening to music on Amazon music, or getting those last minute gifts dropped at your door with Prime, same day free delivery with Prime customers, get closer to what they care about. Whatever you're into, it's all on Prime. Visit amazon.com/prime now.


Life is an act of constant reinvention that's true for you and for cause. Nissan Reimagined the all new kicks around you. The Bolds Personal plus sound system with speakers in the headrest keeps you in the groove while the Nissan Safety Shield 360 technologies keep you safe. If Nissan invented the kicks, you can reinvent yourself. Drive the all new Reimagined Nissan Kicks today. Available features compatible device service and consumer activation of Nissan Connect Services. Package required Use only when safe and legal subject to third party service availability For more information, see Nissan usa.com/connect/legal. Apple CarPlay is a trademark of Apple Link. Intelligent all-wheel drive cannot prevent collisions or provide enhanced traction in all conditions. Always monitor traffic and weather can conditions.


Taking control of your career is empowering. Just don't tell my boss I said that. Building a career isn't just about a job. It's about creating a path that impacts our community and future generations. Whether you're starting out or making big moves, State Farm is here to support you with resources to help protect what you're working hard to achieve. They've got your back every step of the way because like a good neighbor State Farm is there. Find out more at State Farm dot com.


At t has a new guarantee because most things in life are not guaranteed. In a world where nothing is guaranteed, at t is bringing something new to the table. At t is introducing a guarantee. With connectivity you depend on deals you want and service you deserve or they make it right. Learn more at att.com/guarantee. At t connecting changes everything, terms and conditions apply. Visit att.com/guarantee for details.


Good Morning. USA Yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo. Jess. Hilarious. Good Morning, Charlamagne. The God is out today. And it is Friday. Yes. The weekend is here. How you feeling, Jess? What's up? I feel good. I'm in here by myself. Like, what's going on? Well, you're not by yourself if you just not in studio. You know it's, I know it's Dance dad season. So my, my kids dance. I know. And my first daughter, the first one that's performing today, she has to be on super duper early. So I couldn't actually, you know, come to the studio. 'cause I wanna see her perform. Like I'm really into it. Like I knew the ro the routines.


All I gotta do is just learn how to do makeup in here. And then I'll be like the official, official dance Dad. And then you gotta throw the tutu on. You ever see the dance that like throw the two two on and then fully commit? You Just say, you know, the dance moves come on. Envy. Come On. I'm not the gay dad girl. The girl gay dad. I'm just the girl. The dance dad. You know what Emini here, I'm not putting on the tutu. Why do they have them babies dancing so early in the morning? I don't know. And the crazy thing is they had to take off school. 'cause this is competition. So they have take off school and they've been up since 5:00 AM getting ready. 'cause they, they gotta get, oh, my wife just said four. They, they've been up since 4:00 AM and we all in the same hotel. So we are in each other's space. And I don't like it. One being, I have to blur out the back 'cause I got my, my other daughter in the back sleeping. 'cause she don't get on until later.


But when you created is the size of Emini Village. Emini here. That's what you gotta get. You, you gotta humble yourself a little bit for the hotels, you know? Yeah, That's, yeah, it is. It is what it is. We all together, we all together. We thugging it out. Yeah. Yeah. But today on the show we got LilRel. LilRel will be joining us. Nice. He got, he got a new movie called Dog Man. So we'll be talking to LilRel and also ESTG. He has a new album. I'm feeling myself. What's it called? I'm not feeling you. I'm not feeling you. I'm not feeling you. Yes. That's the name of the new album. Yeah. Yeah. So we gonna be kicking it with ESTG of course from Kentucky. You know what, you know, as a comedian, Jess, do you feel like Rel doesn't get the credit he deserves? 'cause I just feel like he's never put him, they never put him in that category.


I honestly feel like he just ain't been out long enough. Like to be in a category and then it is different categories. Right. But I think what, what re's thing is like, he would like to be in a category of the greats. Like, you know, the, the Martins, the Bernies, the, you know, the Eddie Murphy's. And he hasn't, like, I would Just say to my opinion, in my opinion, he hasn't put in enough work to be actually to be on that list. Now it's other lists that he can be on. 'cause the brother is, you know, he's funny, But he's talented. Yep. To yep. And talented, great writer, dope, you know, producing everything, but just not, he haven't put in enough time to be on that list with the greats. You know what I'm saying? So yeah. It Is what it is. Not the greats.


When you're talking Eddie and Chris. Yeah, Yeah. Dave. Yeah. Yeah. I, yeah, that's, I don now, now a lot of people make that list that I don't know how the hell they get on there, but, but I rather not be on the list than somebody wondering how I got there type situation. You feel me? So true. Yeah. Yeah. Okay. Alright, well let's start the show. We got front page news Morgan will be breaking everything down and then get it off your chest. 805 8 5 1 0 5 1. If you need to vent something's on your chest, something's on your mind. Call us up right now. It's The Breakfast Club. Good morning. Morning everybody. It's DJ Envy, Jess Aria. Charlamagne the guy. We are The Breakfast Club. Let's get in some front page news.


Good morning, Morgan. Good morning. Nv. Jess. C, CG. Not here. Oh no. Okay, well let's Go today. Okay, well let's get into it anyways guys. More details are surfacing about the mid-air collision between the Army helicopter and an American Airlines. Flight officials have confirmed that all 67 people aboard the, both the Army helicopter and the American Airlines flight from Kansas were killed in the crash over the Potomac River near Ronald Reagan, Washington National Airport. Now, president Trump spoke on the matter twice yesterday, the first time during a White House press briefing with transportation Secretary Sean Duffy, American Airline, CEO, and other transportation officials.


The president blamed previous administrations for the crash, suggesting that diversity, equity, and inclusion policies lowered the standards for air traffic controllers. He also spoke later in the afternoon after he signed executive orders, one of which he appointed Christopher Roche Lu as the, the acting FAA administrator. Let's hear more from Trump. Those comments from Trump on the crash yesterday, On behalf of the First Lady, myself and 340 million Americans, our hearts are shattered alongside yours and our prayers are with you now. And in the days to come, my administration will set the highest possible bar for aviation safety. We have to have our smartest people. It doesn't matter what they look like, how they speak, who they are, it matters.


Intellect, talent, the word talent, where I'm also immediately appointing an acting commissioner to the FAA Christopher ou, a 22 year veteran of the agency, highly respected. And when asked if he would visit the crash site, he responded by saying, visit, what, what do you what do what Do you want me to go swimming? No. So he implied that he will not be visiting that, that crash site. He said that the positions require complex things, Eric, traffic controller. And if people don't have a great power of the brain, they're not going to be very good at what they do and bad things will happen. He did go on to say that he will try to, well, he said he will restore American's faith in air travel.


Reverend Al Sharpton is, is blaming or slamming President Trump for those DEI comments. Sharpton was quick to denounce the president, saying his remarks were callous a, a callous disregard for human life at a time when first responders are still pulling bodies out of the Potomac River. The civil rights activists also said Trump is trying to use black brown, L-G-B-T-Q and disabled Americans as scapegoats elsewhere. Transportation Secretary Sean Duffy. He was also in that White House press briefing saying the investigation is still in its early stages and will be exhaustive. He did reassure Americans that air airline travel is safe. Let's hear more from transportation Secretary Sean Duffy. Safety is our expectation.


Everyone who flies in American skies expects that we fly safely. That when you depart an airport, you get to your destination. That didn't happen last night. And I know that President Trump, his administration, the FAA, the DOT, we will not rest until we have answers for the families and for the flying public. You should be assured that when you fly, you're safe. What do you think envy, Emini here? I think it's so crazy Emini here. You know, Trump is the president for the next four years. But I think he should be leading with empathy. Right? And understanding like he, he, if he's for America, like he says he is, he should be leading with his heart. And the fact that he was using this to talk about DEI just, just, just sounds nasty.


Just think about all those families that, you know, lost family members, lost mothers, lost sisters, brothers and uncles and grandfathers. And they turn on the TV and they hear, well this was de i's fault Emini here. He should be coming from a place of understanding and sadness and empathy. And then talk about what happened after that. It's just, it's just very nasty. And Then how you supposed to feel safe, like something like that happens. You know, I know they talking about keep harping on the fact that, you know, it, air travel is safe. It's like, how are we supposed to feel safe after that? Right? Right. Like, I travel for a living. How am or anybody just, how is somebody supposed to feel comfortable getting on a flight? They can't even tell us, begin to tell us what happened. Or even take blame or any, anything. No, for real. And The craziest thing is, I was gonna say the craziest thing with, with the air, air traffic control and flights.


I thought that was the safest. Right? Because I thought that's where they're always checking. They're always telling planes when to go higher or lower or when to land, when not to land. I always felt that was a lot safer than being on the road. But it's seeing with all these accidents or near accidents or planes clipping each other and all these things happening, it seems like a lot. It's, it's a lot of, they have to do a lot more research and and action into what's going on on that, those planes. Yeah. So To your point, NVA preliminary FAA report reveals that staffing at the air traffic control tower was not normal during the mid-air collision near Reagan National Airport. Multi, multi, multiple reports cite a source saying staffing was not normal for the amount of the air traffic and the time of the day.


N-T-B-S-N-T-S-B, which is the National Transportation Safety Boards, spokeperson Todd Inman says they're collecting information about the M personnel in the tower. You know, whether or not they were fatigued, you know how long they've been working. They're really doing a, their due diligence in terms of the investigation. But they do say it is too early to speculate on what may have led to that collision. So of course I'll bring you those details as they arise. Furthermore, the two black boxes from the collision have also been located NBC news reports that a source with knowledge of the investigation say they were recovered on Thursday. Now they were are reportedly on their way to the NTSB safety Board lab where they will undergo an investigation, a, a crash investigation and a a report will be ready within a month is what they're saying.


That sounds crazy. There's certain jobs you just can't skimp on. Right? Yeah. Like, like you shouldn't skimp on CRA or traffic control. Right. You can't skimp on at all doctors and medical assistants. You can't skimp on certain jobs, firefighters and police officers. So the fact that this is a airport and not a small airport like Reagan is huge. Like I had to run through Reagan the other day And I felt, I felt like I got my steps in. I felt like I ran a couple of miles. Like it's a huge airport. And the fact that they didn't have the necessary staff to man all these planes, that's the biggest problem. Yeah. It's very, very scary. Very, yeah. Very, very scary. Like they said. But you know, they're, the officials are reassuring that air traffic or air safety, air travel is safe. So, well, we'll talk more about, I was gonna say we'll talk more about some other things at a seven o'clock hour.


I was just like, it's so much going on. Yeah. Confirmation here and you know, vaccines and some more stuff. We'll talk about it. And did you see when they, my bad, when they interviewed the, the guy who's in charge of the FBI, they was a six hour long interview. Tell right, yeah. That's who we have running the FBI anyway. Yeah, we'll get to it And we gonna talk about him too crazy. All That. Alright, everybody else get it off your chest. 805 8 5 1 0 5 1. If you want to vent on this Friday, call us up right now. It's The Breakfast Club. Good morning. The Breakfast Club. It's a new day. This is your time to get it off your chest. Wait, wake up whether you're mad or blessed, it's time to get up and get something.


Call up now. Eight hundred five eight five oh five one. We wanna hear from you on The Breakfast Club. Hello? Who's this? Yo, this is Nee dad from the port. What's up brother? Get it off your chest. Yeah, I just wanted to talk about them plane crashes. Man, that's, this is one of the main reasons why I don't fly. I'm 35 ain't ever been on no plane And I really don't care to get on the plane. I Understand. Yeah but not for nothing. You know majority of accidents are on the road and not actually in the air. They're saying that the air, air flying is the safest way to travel. My dad is the same way. My dad and it's crazy 'cause my dad was in military, he fix helicopters, he fix planes, he just not get on planes. Not for nothing. He will drive to California if he had to.


He's not getting on a plane but you know that. They saying the safest way jobless my airplanes. My brother is supposed to be getting married to Mexico. Man. I told my girl I drive down there 'cause I don't really wanna fly. Yo. How you going Emini here. God didn't get me where? So you know I don't fly, I don't do no flying. I Feel you. I understand You gonna drive to Mexico. That fear of heights. I'm like you ain't driving to Mexico Bro. You might as well start now. You might as well start now. If you wanna drive to Mexico, start right now. Hey, I'm gonna go ahead and get on this road. I do a lot of traveling anyway. I'm a welder from North Carolina out here in Wilmington. Poor city. Alright brother. You safe on the road man. Do a lot of traveling anyway. Yes sir. Y'all enjoy your day. Thank You. You too. Now. Hello? Who's this?


Hey, my name is Anthony. I'm from Long Island. What's up Anthony? Get it off your chest. Hey man. So I was walking yesterday, you know I had a, I had the, the the go, you know, on a, a walkway and you know, so I, I'm, I'm going and some guy cuts me off and then flips me off. Like, what's that about? He, he cut you off and then flick you, flicked you off. Gave the middle finger. Yeah, He, he, he cut me, he cut me off and then flipped me off. I was walking, you know I had the, I had the arrow, the, the walking arrow and he cuts me off. That's never happened to you. Emini here, you know, listen, he people have cut me off but not flipped me off after that Emini here.


I had the right of way. He must have really bothered you. The fact that you thinking about it on a Friday morning. The weekend is here. That guy flipped you off. He gave you the middle finger. You should have mooned him when he drove off. That sounds like life. You worried about that for brother. Right? That sounds like life. Every day I do that to somebody. What you flipping that? Hey listen, You know, I gotta tell you, you know, it, I, I coulda, I could've went about it another way. I chose not to and you know, I just wanted to get off my chest. But I just wanted to tell you I'm a big fan and you know, keep up, keep on doing what you're doing. You're, you're a good DJ And I love The Breakfast Club. Thank you. Thank you. You lemme just ask you what was the other way you could've did. I'm just curious what you, you know, somebody flipped you off, what could you have done?


I'm just curious. Oh, you know I could have, I could've easily tried to, you know, okay. Try to try something with him. But All thank you so much. He Said I could have easily shot him like that. No, No, no, no, no, no. I don't think he said that. Oh okay. That's what I heard. Alright. I was gonna say Jesus, get it off your chest. Thank 805 8 5 1 0 5 1. It's The Breakfast Club. Good morning. The Breakfast Club. This is your time to get it off your chest whether you're mad or blessed. So Please gotta have the same energy We wanna hear from you on The Breakfast Club. Hello? Who's this? Oh this Matt Black from southeast DC What's up Matt? What's that? You go for your chest brother?


Yeah, Matt Black like the color. M-A-T-T-E then black? Yeah. Oh Matt Black. Oh like my truck. Okay. My G wagging Matt Black. What's up Southeast DC What's up man? Cool. La mo ke. You know what I'm saying? Sure. You know I Just say what's up. Bye. Shout out the whole southeast DC 220, you know what I'm saying? Yeah, yeah. That's What we got. Huh? Okay Good. Just you know, wishing everybody love, you know, peace of love or whatever. I ain't really got too much to say. I ain't think I was gonna get through but I good. So. Yeah. Y'all have a good one man. You too. That's what's up. Well thank you brother. Hello. Who's this? What's going on man? It's Trey calling nine Atlanta. What up Trey? Get it off your chest brother. What's going on? Envy man. Today's my wife's birthday man.


I just want to call and wish her happy birthday. Let her know how much I love her, how much I appreciate her And I just hope everything just goes the way she wants to go. And I love her so much. That's what it is. Aw, that's so cute. Congratulations. How long y'all been married brother? We've been married going in four years, man. Just going to our fifth year this year. Four. Alright, well enjoy. Yeah, tomorrow's my wife's birthday. So what, what month is that? Aquarius? Yep, She Aquarius Four. Aquarius. They Aquarius. Yeah. Salute to Aquarius is Yeah, On what's going on? What's going on baby? My birthday coming up February 13th so obviously. Hey you with an Aquarius? We gets to popping. Ooh yes sir. Man I just want to say thank y'all man.


Listen y'all every morning man. This side of my birthday. That's what's up. Shout Out for her birthday man. I just love it man. That's alright brother. Well have a good one. Have a good weekend with your wife. All right, y'all too. Get it off your chest. 805 8 5 1 0 5 1. Now we got just with the mess coming up. What we talking about Man, it's a lot of things going on. D Wade just announced that he had cancer so we gonna get into that. Alright, we'll talk about that when we come back. So don't go anywhere. It's The Breakfast Club. Good morning. The Breakfast Club Morning everybody. It's D-E-J-N-V. Just hilarious. Charlamagne the guy. We are The Breakfast Club. Let's get to just with the Mess is real. Robin Moore just don't do no lying.


Don't do, she don't spare. Nobody worldwide. Just worldwide mess on The Breakfast Club. She's a culture cultureship. She was able to get y'all to see something and understand something that nobody could get you to see. It's time to set it off. We Got updates on asap. Yeah we do. So yesterday in court asap rally back on the stand again. But this day was different because now he was being cross-examined. So Attorney Tuck, tuck Pina, who is asaps attorney is firing off. Like it was really intense yesterday in the court. It was, it was giving like Housewives the back and forth scene. Yeah, it was. It was. It was a lot that surfaced online.


One of the biggest, not even one of the biggest things. There was a few big moments. One of the big moments was there had been a lot of text messages that had been floating around and just being brought up in court. When we had first heard about these text messages, they were from basically kind of like rally's side, right? Like Rally is is is having a conversation with ASAP and he's accusing ASAP of trying to set him up, trying to take him from his daughter ASAP Rep replied replies, I tried to do what? I know you hate me. I hate you too. And then ASAP tells him, you know, you're making stuff up and then ASAP even accuses really in these text messages that we first saw of trying to extort him, like doing all this for money, right. But yesterday in court, asaps attorney is like, hold on, there are some additional text messages that we found because we have asaps phone that you didn't disclose and we didn't talk about.


So he deleted messages Riley. So according to allegedly and according to Asaps side of of things, there were text messages in Rowley's phone that he deleted before he gave his phone to police. Let's take a listen. Tore on the scene, did You see the text messages you sent at this is fake hands? Fake? It's fake also. It's fake. I never seen I You don't even write like that. This dude would not writing. No, no, no, no. What are you talking about? This is supposed to be working right? You there? No sir. No sir. That's you writing to, oh okay. Okay. Why did you delete that from your cell phone before you turned to, to law enforcement that assume Emini here. I did not stop.


Not in evidence. Did you, did you delete that text from your cell phone? He delete it because I had it over. Did you delete it? Yeah. Okay. Your question now, your Honor, why did you delete that string before you turned your phone on to law enforcement? I think I deleted his whole message and that's why it popped up a whole new one. He's asking you why, why I don I don't, I don't Remember. It's funny with this this case, every day I, I feel different. Yesterday he sounded very upset. Exactly. He sounded very confrontational. He sounded very frustrated and he sounded like a liar. So now if the jury's looking at him And I, I think they even got into a staring contest where they almost got into a fight in court and the judge was like, Hey what are you doing?


Really? So now if I'm a juror, I'm looking at really like, well is he the one that's the problem. He Aggressive. Yeah, he looked cool and calm. He looked like the aggressive. Right? Exactly. And I think yesterday that was like asaps teams, like that was kind of one of the, I don't want anybody to go to jail. But that was one of the best things that they could have done because before this And in favor of Rocky? Yeah, in favor of Rocky. Before this it looked like, okay you ASAP Rocky, you got influence, you got money, you know you can do things and get away with it. Yesterday it looked like, oh no, he was defending himself. Right? Envy. So what you're talking about, there was a point where Rally and ASAP were, I guess really felt like ASAP was like grilling him or whatever, Staring at him. He said he was, he said he's staring at me.


Yeah. So this was after the judge called a recess. So everybody's getting up, they fo out, the cameras are going down. So a lot of the reporters in the court were tweeting about it. I don't even think that I saw this moment And I was watching it live. So Rowley walked by ASAP and he addressed him and from what reporters heard in the court, they said that, he said to asap, you brought this on yourself. And the judge like told him like, y'all need to stop it. And then he was like, no, he's staring at me. So it was like a whole back and forth thing. And to tell y'all what the text said, the text that were deleted said from Rally to ASAP said, you got all these, all this fake animosity towards me. Laugh out loud. Beat me up N word. I wish you would give me a reason N word you've been, you've been the P word the vagina.


Mm yes. And then that's when ASAP responded back like, where you at? Let's get it. Stop ducking my calls. And he's like, oh I'm in front of Trader Joe's. Before yesterday we only saw ASAP text. Where you at? Where you at? Let's get to it. I'm in front of Trader Joe's. So things kind of turned around. Now I said N word when I was reading this because that was also issue in court yesterday too. Because the attorneys when reading these text messages don't wanna omit anything because they don't wanna make it seem like they're trying to like change anything. Yeah. So they gotta say the word and people were like, wait, what? And even ASAP interrupted, let's take a listen. You did remember seeing a message yesterday on the text that you sent to your friend just saying, I want to get this money right. Remember seeing that after the shooting and this right Emini here, if there's any exhibit or any recording that has the N word, I want you in court to say N word.


I don't want you to say what What it says what it says. Yes N word. I can try that to Your Honor from now on. Just reading. I know. Don't anymore. Just say and So So that's the judge telling the lawyer like nah, don't say it like Yeah because basically what happened was as he was standing and it was said a couple times in court at one point ASAP stops and was like it we Because must've been the hard er then. No, he was said. He said it with an A. He didn't say Igar. Yeah, but he's, he's not black. So Yeah, Emini here. I'm just saying though, you know Emini here. But this Happens though in court a lot. I stallion trial. Yeah. This is not Rocky's first goro. You know that they have to do this. You know what Emini here? Yeah, But you can admit it though. If the judge, I guess they just wanted to make sure that's what they needed to do. But ASAP was like, yo wait, can we not say the word?


And the judge was like, alright, I wanna set the precedent that you, when you read that word, you Just say N word. Just say N word. You don't, you know what Emini here, I know that. Y'all find that crazy. Y'all don't find the fact that they wanna fight in front of Trader Joe's. Like where I get my cage free eggs. That's what you wanna fight me at. They's famous as hell but I go get my wine. That's where you wanna go. Famous. They famous as Hack Envy and they in Beverly Hills like this Isvy Want them to go meet at a Giants. Yeah. What you want them Back in the project in Harlem? Like What? Where I go get my arugula. That's what you wanna play me shopper Or something. Wait y'all to trade a joke. Very important. Breaking news. Rihanna, the first photo of her in court came out yesterday. What's the next story? Yo, Look at the photo envy. Can you see that? It's, It's just, I was so disappointed. I'm like this all we Got.


That's why I'm saying the next story. Nobody like come on yo


Piece of the planet. Charlemagne to God here. And I just want you to know, if you're not on Amazon Prime, you're seriously missing out. It's not just about the fast free delivery, although let's be real, that's a game changer. It especially was for me this holiday season. Prime is like your personal guide to everything you're into or want to get into. Whether it's binge watching the latest hit on Prime video, you know, listening to your favorite playlists on Amazon music or getting those last minute gifts, which same day, free delivery prime's got you covered. And here's the kicker. Prime isn't just about getting you closer to your passions, it's about helping you discover new ones too. Got a hobby you're obsessed with Prime fuels it. Trying something new Prime helps you dive deep into whatever's next. It's like me being passionate about mental health. You can order all kinds of books on mental health on Prime. My favorite is the Unapologetic Guide to Black Mental Health by Dr. Rita Walker. Prime gets you closer to what really matters, making all times of the year that much more special. Whether it's screaming your favorite movie or getting that perfect gift delivered the same day, prime makes everything easy and stress free. Whatever you're into, it's on prime. Visit amazon.com/prime now.


The World is constantly changing. It's up to you to decide how to respond. Choose to be bold to try something new. Choose to reinvent yourself. That's what Nissan did with the all new total Reimagined kicks. The dynamic new exterior style immediately announces that Nissan isn't messing around the interior. A completely redesigned cabin with preview features like wireless Apple CarPlay and panoramic moonroof make driving and kicks immersive and exciting. And with new performance and safety features like intelligent all-wheel drive, the kicks is both more fun and safer to drive than ever before is the dawning of a brand new era for the Nissan Kicks on. One question remains, is it a new era for you as well? Drive the all new reimagined Nissan Kicks today available Feature. Bose is a registered trademark of the Bose Corporation Nissan Safety Shield technologies can't prevent all collisions or worn in all situations. See owner's manual for important safety information.


Hey fam, if you're like me, you are thinking about how to level up in your career. Maybe you're fresh out of college just starting in your field or even looking to switch things up and find your true calling. Whatever stage you're in, remember that this is your time to grow, to learn and to build something that lasts. State Farm understands that early career development is key to long-term success. They've been a steady presence in our communities and they know that having the right support early on can make all the difference. State Farm is there to help you make smart moves and to help you get the coverage you need. We all know that the journey to success is a marathon, not a sprint. It's about staying focused, staying grounded, and making sure you're protected every step of the way. Let's build our careers with confidence knowing that State Farm is there to support us just like they've always been because like a good neighbors State Farm is there. Find out more at State Farm dot


com.


At t has a new guarantee because most things in life are not guaranteed. Like actually getting the rental call you requested or your wedding turning out just like you dreamed it would. And someone making another pot of coffee in the break room after drinking the last drop of the last one. Yeah, don't get me started. Not guaranteed. In The World where nothing is guaranteed at and t is bringing something new to the table. At and t is introducing a guarantee with connectivity you depend on deals you want and service you deserve or they make it right. So if you wanna know more about the at&t guarantee, head to att.com/guarantee. At&t connecting changes everything, terms and conditions apply. Visit att.com/guarantee for details.


I wrap up. Yeah, I couldn't believe it was a drawing. She looked good though. She looked I her they they definitely did the forehead no like no road. Like they tried it. They could have tried tried before. They could have gave her some edges. Yeah it was gross but this was the first photo so, and her Blush don't be as harsh it, you know, but, but it is. But again, no one cares. People do care. Jess good you if you Google people care, go and Google and type who cares. Type At time like this when a man is facing up to 24 years. Let's see, Well hopefully he doesn't have to do it. We'll see what happens. Jesus. Thank You Lauren. Well that is Jess with the mess. Now when we come back we got front page news, Morgan will be joining us and then little Ella be here. He has a new movie dog man. So don't go anywhere.


It's The Breakfast Club. Good morning, Wake up. Wake up. You're locked into The Breakfast Club. Morning everybody, it's DJ Nd just hilarious. Charlamagne, we are The Breakfast Club. Let's get in some front page news. Good morning Morgan. Good Morning. And the just hilarious and happy Friday to see TG wherever he at. You know what I'm saying? Let's get into it guys a little bit more on what's happening with this collision. The flight, the whole situation, the whole shebang that happened out here at Reagan National Airport. Now officials in Wichita, Kansas, they are waiting to learn how many of the victims in Wednesday night's air crash near Washington DC were from their community.


Wichita Mayor Lily Wu says so many people have been impacted and they feel close with the DC community following this incident. And Kansas Governor Laura Kelly says it's respectful to wait for the next of kin to be notified before names of victims are being released to the public. So let's hear more from those Kansas City, excuse me, those Kansas officials, We feel very much connected to Washington DC and feel this tragedy has impacted not just our community but their community and multiple others around the country and world. They're Waiting for all the families to be notified. And there are some folks who are on that plane who are from overseas.


And so that's partially the reason for the delay. In regards to the delay delay, what she's talking about is the names and the manifesto, or excuse me, the man passenger manifest that she says could be released as early as this afternoon from the NTSB. Again, the National Transportation Safety Board. Again, 67 people are feared to be dead. After the American Airlines regional jet departed from Wichita collided with an army helicopter at Reagan National Airport. We will continue to send our prayers to those impacted and bring you updates as they arise. Switching gears Tran, secretary of Health and Human Services nominee Robert F. Kennedy, he was asked to explain some of his statements in the past that black people have better immune systems than white people.


In day two of his confirmation hearings on the Capitol Hill yesterday, Kennedy was questioned by Maryland Democratic Senator Angela also Brooks, who is one of two black women currently serving in the US Senate. She made up her mind after hearing his answers. Let's hear more of that exchange. We should not be giving black people the same vaccine schedule that's given to whites because their immune system is better than ours. Can you are, please explain what you meant. There's a series of studies, I think most of 'em by pollen that show that to particular antigens that blacks have a much stronger reaction.


There's differences in reaction to different products by different race is So, so I have, I have 17 seconds left. Lemme just ask you then. So what different vaccine schedule would you say I should have received That What? What different vaccine schedule should I have Received? Well Emini here they, the pollen article suggests at blacks need fewer antigens than, this is so dangerous. You get the same measles vaccine Mr. Kennedy, with all due respect, that is so dangerous. Your voice would be a voice that parents would listen to. That is so dangerous. I will be voting truth against your nomination of science because your views are dangerous to our state and to our country. What do you guys think about that?


The man, there's one cough away from being Jimmy Carter. I'm telling he stupid Right now. You stupid. You stupid. Oh My. The only word What we Discussing, the only word I could hear was blacks. He, he know how to say that. You know, but that is just crazy how you could, how you could say that like Yeah, He's basically basically saying that science shows that, you know, black people have a certain level of antigens compared to white people. And that we should be, or, and by we Emini here, black people should receive vaccines different than on a different schedule or different level than that of white people. Emini here. So basically, yeah, black people I know stranger to, you know, a, a lack of trust in vaccines.


Right? So I don't know what what he's saying, whether or not, I'm just looking for the science to actually prove back up what he's saying. So That rhetoric is so dangerous, right? When you start talking about that and then you start going back to when we were, when we had to get the vaccine right And we would look at our communities and our communities was some of the last ones to get the vaccines. Our communities were one of the ones where we had to fight to get to the vaccines. Yeah. Our community was the one where the vaccine wasn't easily available. Talk about it. Yeah. Right. So when you start hearing things like that, you understand where these people are are getting this information for, but it's false. It's a lie. And and the fact that the person that's running that department is saying this, that's scary as ish. Yeah. Yeah. And it and it just seems like medical racism like, like what?


I don't know if I just made that up but that's, I think you did. But I I'm with you though. I'm with you. A thousand percent. It's like Daniel that's even more dangerous than just regular racism. Like what are we talking about? Nah, for real, for real. Like Emini here we are marginalized enough as is like please not in the medical field too. Healthcare. Come on now. Oh man. Lord. Let's switch gears real quick to law enforcement. You know, I don't know dude, how do we feel about that? Well, cash Patel, he was also on Capitol Hill before Senators yesterday. As he is selected to lead the FBI, he spoke about his family history and actions regarding law enforcement needing to be clear. Let's hear his comments Sitting here today. I carry not only the dreams of my parents but also the hopes of millions of Americans who stand for justice, fairness and the rule of law my father fled Idia means genocidal dictatorship in Uganda where 300,000 men, women, and children were killed based on their ethnicity.


Just because they happen to look like me. The public trust can only be restored if there is full transparency. So He did go on to say that he does not agree with the commutation of any sentence of any individual who committed violence against law enforcement in regards to j Trump's pardoning of January Sixers. So he is trying to separate himself from that, which is a good thing because the FBI and the Department of Justice should be separate from that of the President. But we'll again, we will continue to see. He was a little snappy in his, Yeah, he was going around a lot of questions, you know, especially about when it came to him blind for the president. You know what Emini here, he was just going around a bunch of que he would not answer the question. They had a nerd to be snappy. So Woo. So that's your front page news.


I'm Morgan Wood. Happy Friday. Follow me on social at Morgan Media and from more news coverage follow at Black Information Network. Download the free iHeartRadio app and visit BN news.com. Alright, thank you Morgan. As y'all know, Charlamagne is out today so if y'all got somebody that y'all trying to give donkey of the day to call up right now, +1 800-585-1051. Give out your own donkey of the day. Everybody else when we come back, comedian Little Rel will be joining us. He has a new flick out called Dog Man and we're gonna talk to him next. So don't go anywhere. It is The Breakfast Club. Good morning. The Breakfast Club Morning everybody. It's DJNV. Just hilarious. Charlamagne the guy.


We are The Breakfast Club. We got a special guest in the building. He's the dream killer ladies And gentlemen. Yes. He hates fat people now. He's the bigger than big backs. I don't do that. No. Around ladies and gentlemen. Yes. First of all, that's not true. Look, I'm just saying like, 'cause people, you know, everybody when they see me they like, man, you know you lost weight, you look good what you doing? And then I start listening to things off like, yo, I stopped drinking, I did this, I did that. And then they just be staring at me. So now I'm just really honest. So a big dude just asked me in the hallway, you know what I'm doing? I told him, he just still looked at me 'cause I could see the grease stain on his jock suit. Yeah, did. And I was like, what? You ain't gonna do it? I could tell it hurt, but it was What was the like what was it looking Emini here? Literally I was like therapy. I stopped drinking.


This is a lifestyle I started five years ago consistently, dude, I literally get up every morning no matter what time I gotta get up, at least go to the gym for an hour. I got stuff set up in my house, I go boxing three times a week. I jump. It's like when you tell 'em, they be like, oh you really doing it, doing it. Oh so you work work? Yeah. Because they want you to say that you got the shot. That's truly what they, what they say. That's what that's, that's it. Are you doing the the ozempic? It's like no and there's no dis to nobody. You know what I'm saying? But it's funny 'cause people roast you with the ozempic thing. Even though it's commercials for like, people will go to my page like, And I say I do workouts and like Ozempic. That's all they say. Like, oh I didn't do it. But okay brother. That Gotta hurt though 'cause you actually did it. Like you talk about your process and now they, they throw a epic on you.


Be like, I just told you box box two times a week. It used to hurt but it don't anymore because I don't understand how that's a roast and they have commercials for it that say that is what it's supposed to do. Yeah. And I, it's just like if I, if I, it's like oh if you go penicillin or peptol, whatever, you know what Emini here like come on fan. And I've seen you over time and you didn't just wake up like that. Like you have gradually like Lost just you've seen it. It was a process. It wasn't like overnight I guess like, and then, I don't know, it was funny that didn't happen in the hallway, but just, I'm proud of myself. This is the most proud of like happiest I think I've ever been like, and be proud of black people. 'cause back in the day when you say Damn Rolon Crack or real got age, they still say stuff like that. Damn. They still gonna say you on crack. But then I don't even understand with this like, you know, after the Chadwick thing, you would just think people would just leave people to fuck alone.


That's right. Like for real. Like you don't know. But if I look happy, damn. But people are so sad. So they be like, and it's a lot of happy crackhead. So like if but crack heads. Crack heads wasn't always skinny. Like it was a dude named Johnny Cash on the west side of Chicago who had the biggest Cal. He's just athletic. The most athletic crackhead because he walked every day. Most crackhead in my era were in shape. Yeah, yeah, yeah. They really was man. They was picking up, they were shoveling, they was doing all type of to get the crack money. Yeah. So they was in shape. I never seen the Fat crackhead though. You ain't never seen the fat one. And then the skinny ones was the ones I don, you know, I think they had to be kinda already a little skinny and then it was, oh I don't know what we Talking about. I'll be honest with you. I ain't never seen a dead one.


They all the crack heads that I knew growing up still alive right now to this day. Still to this day. Because other Stuff, well, crack is fried cocaine. Yeah, but it's like the cheap, it's the cheap version of it. Emini here. That's what Snowfall said. Why Are we talking about crack? How do we get in? So crack is what we need to make lose weight. Re boring story Emini here. Honestly, I think some of this is crack. Like I don't like nobody know what ozempic is for diabetes and then people doing it to lose weight. It's weird. Yeah. You in a weird ass time. I'll say this though. I I, I met you a long, long time ago when I had a talk show on MTV. You came on there. You never looked up to me like the way people acting. They acted like you. They act like I was 20 pounds. Like I was Lavelle Crawford and Bruce Don de I was al Sharp.


Damn Al Sharp. Lost some weight too now. Yeah, but don't this. No, I get what you said. That's what I need. I need to show up and do more for people. You leave me up. We got a new movie Dog Man. Man did it. Now this Children's movie. I need to be After 20 Minutes of Crack Talk. 20 minutes crack thought I was, I thought about Crackhead. Oh Yeah. So for the Kids Dog Man is oh What's Dog Man about? Dog Man is a amazing cartoon bass dog messing. But it is kind of, well Dog Man ain't dark but it's 'cause you know it, they put the head together with the man. But it's a really funny and fun movie. I got a chance to do a Pete Davidson and kids are loving this movie And I, it looked like it's tracking to do really well.


So I'm excited to be in that space where we do those cartoon movies that, that really kill the box officer. And I think this is gonna be one of 'em is The box office back? Yeah. For certain stuff. I think Family stuff is doing well. One of them days is I, I'm proud of what that's doing. Yeah, I'm in that too. And that's good for comedy too. Comedy movies. And they did a good job of that too. 'cause they did a good job of casting and just making it funny. 'cause a lot of stuff just hasn't been really funny. Funny for real. Again, Emini here, that's what I'm doing. I'm about like, when I leave here, I I start directing my first movie I'm starring and Dope Congrat and doing what Tiffany's in it. And I guess I could do on Yeah, Emini here. Emini here. We ain't got no PR budget so I might as well Just say, how's it start now? So Carlos Miller, I got Carlos King Batch.


Tony Baker. Okay, so this is gonna be, it's gonna be fun. Like I, I believe like it's time to start casting comedians For real in these comedies. Again, it's a comedy horror. There's one comedian you ain't named that be getting busy. Who? She works up here. Oh. I'm like, oh Jess Did that before. No, I ain't going. I'm not doing that again. Shut up. Didn't Don't do that. I didn't say that. I did not say that. Any chances, Joe. Also, just like if it was some, I love Jess so I know we gonna work again soon. Yeah, absolutely. Yo, shut up. Don't do that. I love Jess Me all the time Over this. For real? Yes. And you are like great. Like it's, I'm surprised people not begging you to do more sitcoms. Yeah.


That your timing and everything was just natural and perfect. Thank You bro. But there's not a lot of sitcoms with black people Nowadays. Emini here. Not the joint y What, what y'all call that two camera, what they call it? Multicam. Multicam. Yeah. Yeah. No it's not. It's Emini here. But you still got like the Miss Pat show. The Upshaw. Yeah. Yeah. So I think, I just think we just gotta like, oh we just gotta do it. Emini here. Bounce got a bunch of, but I don't Yeah, You about to say nobody watching Bounce. I Just Say that. Say Watching Bounce. Just say that you can create something that maybe somebody will watch on there. No, I think it's time to like start downplaying those places. Like the bounces and all these different places. Like let's go there, let's bring our material there. We trying to get to these other spots. Go to the place that that's gonna accept your material.


But it's a money thing too. I agree with you. But you know, you, we can't just go to these places and do charity. They gotta have the budgets. Well the budgets ain't that great for the other stuff. The big stuff. Neither. They cut everything. So you might as well go to a place that's gonna let you creatively do what you supposed to do. Do what you want to do. That's why I like two Tuby of Lick. I I love Tuby. We love Tub Breakfast on Tuby. I'm telling. Oh no, no. Don't Proudly say, oh we on TV now. You Gotta joke about too every day. I said it kind low. I said we on Tuby. Yeah, right. Told Joe. I love Tuby though Tub. It's smart. I don't think no better comedy on in on the Planet than Tuby. But unintentional, it's unin. Unintentional. So could you imagine if they I had a really good meeting with them and that's one of the things I approached 'em about. Like I it like, 'cause I don't wanna just give 'em content. I'm like, yo, I wanna be, let me be an executive over here.


Yeah, right. Let me help with your, literally let me be, let me run your comedy. Yes. That help bring the stuff in there. But I'm trying to give 'em my special, I just shot, I, you know, I did a comedy festival last year And I shot my special there. So I feel like Tuby is a lick man. Dude, we got 94 million. What is 94 million monthly viewers or some crazy number like That dude, they got the view. Like that's why it's time to really like, if they're smart, just you literally could do what Netflix did. Just start taking in really good content. I wanna do a Breakfast club murder mystery on Tuby. One of my favorite shows on Tuby. You wanna do A breakfast club? Murder? Murder mystery. Yeah. Yeah. Okay. Because I, I like this show called Jess was on it called, I got a Story to Tell. It's an anthology series. Yeah. You seen the gas station pill episode with Young Jock and Ronnie Jordan was That was good.


What? That was good. Ronnie Jordan was really good in that. Hilarious. Yeah. All We got more with little re when we come back. Don't move. It's The Breakfast Club. Good morning. Morning everybody. It's DJ Vy Jess. Hilarious. Charlamagne the guy. We are The Breakfast Club. We're still kicking it with Little Rel Charlamagne. How has being engaged changed you? I'm cool. I'm chilling. I'm, you know, you just, I'm not in no thirsty place, you know what I'm saying? But I was like that before I even proposed to, I just got to a point where I was just like, I just want to chill. I'm grown. I'm not, you know what Emini here, I like literally just love being around my girl. That's it. And it's your second time getting married? Both of us. Yeah. It's both of our second time around. So nice. And we, you know, we ain't Diddy everybody like when you gonna do it? We, we possibly may have a reality show and so we may wait to do it.


Talk about it on the show. Show. Yeah. Yeah. Do you wanna do that? Yeah. Because what I want to do is actually people to see the real conversation about it because I don't necessarily wanna wedding. So she does. So we've actually stopped talking about it so we can save it for the show so people could really see what this real conversation is about. Why don't you want a wedding? I think it's overrated. I think I talked about that here one time before, last Time by the way that that started a real conversation did not just online but just in everyday life. People was talking to me about that. I think you said the wedding or The Marriage, what was it? Yeah, you gotta prepare. What was, you gotta prepare for Marriage. I think you be focused on the the marriage, but also we should be, I think we should treat anniversaries like weddings. Mm. Like how we gonna celebrate some? It's like, it's like my kids start school, right? He a freshman. We give 'em the graduation hiss freshman year.


You don't know if this gonna stay in school the whole four years. Yeah. So that's what I say. I think we should take anniversaries, but make those the big celebrations and not the weddings. Now when you say it like that, it's like you spend all this money on a wedding and you don't know how long it's gonna last. Y'all ain't been through nothing. Ain't nothing to really celebrate. I think anniversaries deserve that energy. Yeah, Yeah, yeah. That makes sense. I I liked it when you said it last time, like put, put the, nobody puts the thought and the emphasis into the marriage. What is this marriage going? What This marriage gonna be like? Like and then like especially if y'all got through a tough year. Yes. I want you mother to celebrate me. Right, right. We done went through a tough time. Like celebrate, make anniversaries bigger, spending all this money on these way because now everybody break up so quick too. It looks just crazy.


But how would that affect you? I guess times are so different now. You could do whatever you want because I was about to say, how would that affect you during reality TV and still doing film, but I guess it don't even matter nowadays. I think nowadays 'cause it's not just, it wouldn't just be I more or less the folks would be on her because I think she's amazing and on like blending our families and things like that. So like also too, it's some fun to watch the way I'm moving in my career too. So, you know, it's a lot of things people don't know. Like I really, man, I really been on my business this season. For me, this is the season of business for me. So that's why I did a festival. That's why I'm directing, that's why I'm producing and doing all this stuff. I'm in boss mode. Now did The Cat Williams thing motivate you to lose any of the weight in any way? Nah. Hell no. I ain't, it was already losing weight. I was, I was more or less like when I saw Get Out, I didn't like the way I looked but, and it wasn't necessarily the physical part.


It was just like, you know how you could see how like I know it was a great moment but I could see how sad I was. Even when I was doing a real show. I was still trying to figure things out. It wasn't until I went to Therapy for Real Charlamagne and was like, damn, I really buried so much And I ain't even know that was buried. And then you come from the crib from Chicago. Even some of the stuff that I grew up seeing, I normalized it and that was affecting me. Mm. So until I went to therapy and really talked this shit out, I didn't realize I had all this shit going on. I really didn't. And I y talk And I love that you can speak to that because you were, you were very reserved on set. Like you was quiet, you was Like, you know, it was a lot of pressure on me on that set man. Yeah. And I was doing too Much And I didn't even know you as well as you know, like your friends knew and all that type of stuff. But I could still see, you know, it, it was definitely you had your kids with you out there.


It was a lot of things that you had to do. Well also Too, you, I'm trying to make a show to impress black people, which is so tough to do. Oh what have mercy. You know, I learned a big lesson from there. You just gotta creatively do what you do because you're not, everybody always gonna find something wrong with something. Yep. You know what I'm saying? So like I, I learned a lot from doing a real show. It's even just learning to like delegate better. You know, you a lot of times you saw me 'cause I was always thinking about what I had to do. So I learned a lot Emini here. Like between, once again between therapy and then owning a lot of stuff. Like I do everything so much better. I'm a better person on every set I'm own. I bring better energy. Like even that sometimes I was overdoing my blackness sometimes like on sets like yeah you ain't gonna tell me what to say, you know, and all that.


And I was like, rel you doing too much. So going to therapy made me literally overanalyze myself and own a lot of my bull therapy. You said you was sad too. That's like, that's a, yeah, that's a very specific word. Nah, I was, I was hurting 'cause I was going through a divorce. Like Round Get Out was Carmichael's show. And so going through a divorce trying to figure out, you know, I think most dads don't talk about this, but when you know the kids are with the your mom and they was with the mom and they was with you and now you by yourself, man that's an adjustment. And most men don't talk about it, you know? 'cause everybody think, oh you out here by, you know, 'cause most you know, the baby moms like, oh you out here living it up and da da da. Like no, I'm like laying in their rooms 'cause I miss 'em. I'm sad. Yeah, yeah.


I'm sad as, 'cause I don't have that energy around anymore. You know what I'm saying? So I was really, I was really sad And I had to really, when I talked to my therapist about it, I had to open up about stuff that I didn't even know that was buried like that Into the outside world. That was your moment. Like, you know, you was having your big break, get out, you know, not call Myself. What, that's what kept me alive though. Charlemagne was the art. Wow. Performing kept me alive. Like if I had to deal with what I was truly thinking about myself, I don't know. Well I'm sure you learned this in therapy, they say that, you know, staying busy is a response to trauma. That's what I learned A hundred percent. It is. And I don't, I never saw you take a break. Nope. Yeah. Emini here. If you think about that time I was doing like this, the thing about it, like I don't get enough credit. Like I be looking at it. Like I was literally talking to, I was doing an interview yesterday. I was talking about how I saw one of those pictures with all the comedians on there, you know, like, you know these the, and I'm like, how the hell, I'm never on these lists.


Like at the Get Out I did like 30 movie. How many standup comics have done that with specials and had a sitcom? So I can't make none of these lists. Well tell me who the list is for us now. You know, it is, it's the same people. It's, it's, it's the picture with with the greats on there. Eddie, Richard, the Kings, Chris, all those guys. Chris, Dave, Kevin, Eddie Griffith, I saw J Pharaoh in there. They had Gerard on there. Martin, you know the the, the list. But it's like, if you think about it, when you look as totality as a resume, I don't know how many of those guys, even the ones whose great match it with my resume. Yeah. Why Do you feel like they don't put you on a list? I don't know. I sometimes I feel like either I've made it look really easy because this Emini here, like I'm still a beast on stage.


Like it ain't like any audience person that come see me lie. 'cause sometimes I always surprise my audiences 'cause some of them only see me in movies and they be like, damn you hysterical. I'm like, yeah, I'm a really good standup comic too. Is It because sometimes they look at you possibly as a loner. Like when you see these comedians, you see comedians with each other. We always see real by himself. Yeah. Emini here but shit Eddie Griffin don't be hanging out with nobody. Also Too, I know that you've been doing it for a long time, but to the general public, it hasn't even been 10 years. Yeah, But think about this. If you truly look at, I literally did it in such an old school. Like I would at least think my people will at least push. 'cause I like, I came from the chi circuit. I did it literally step by step. I was on comic view, You know, crazy people don't remember that.


Or they don't know that they don't. That's but if They think Ca a plant, but Then, but that's what I'm saying, like even that like, but they still put them on these lists. Like I think honestly it's, it's it has to come from the other comedians. Right. I've never from the other comics, like comics are text me. I have comics that would never tweet or Instagram. They love my specials but they'll text me. And that to me that's the part of that like weird, it is a cliquey thing. Some of the stuff is a little clubby but like, I don't know. I think and also tears on me a little bit where when I had the heat on me, like, like extremely on me, I didn't necessarily want the press for it. And that's 'cause I was in a, a place where not necessarily just sad, but I don't know, I just didn't feel comfort. You didn't want people To See you yet. I didn't want them to see me. Yeah. I didn't like how it felt even though things was going great because think about that.


We get out dude, I should have been on some magazine covers. I could have did that stuff. I was just like, let the work speak for itself. Let me just stay in the back. Now It did. Culturally though, like culturally it felt like, you know, that character in Get Out was a a big deal. Yeah. I've done some culture things. Like even just being on Insecure, that's a big culture thing. Even like doing movies like Judas and the Black Messiah, like being a part of, I've been a part of some really powerful moments. Like even when Jay did his 4, 4, 4 album and that, and when we did that, we did that music video, the the Black Friends and it was me, Issa Gerard. Like I've been a part of some really cool things. I I just never participate in hyping myself up like I should have. Hmm. All right. Don't go anywhere. We got more with Little Rel when we come back.


It's The Breakfast Club. Good morning. Morning everybody. It's djj, MB Jess. Hilarious. Charlamagne the guy. We are The Breakfast Club. We're still kicking it with little rel Charlamagne. It Is interesting right? And I, And I, I be having these conversations sometimes like when I look at like you and Gerard Carmichael, y'all had everything, right? Like y'all had the sitcoms, the HBO specials, the big movies, but then it still don't cut through. Like don't connect like a 85 South show or a Duval or Well that that's true and not true. It's just spaces for everything. Right? And so like you think about Carmichael Show, that's still a very well loved show. Like so many people still talk about it and still like approach me about it. But once again, Gerard is kinda like me too. I think until we saw like Gerard, we're seeing him come into his own too now he's a lot more open about everything than he's ever been.


You know, we saw that by the time we got to Rockel, you know what I'm saying? That's why he had this moment. That's why he wanted to end me. That's why you saw him get more attention with that. And so I think that might be my season now to be quite honest with you. 'cause now I'm like, you know some like I'm such a nerded as I purposely did everything I did so I could be one of the greatest, I wanted a sitcom with my name on it on network tv. That all that was done on purpose. Even just the way I did the movies is based off like what Bernie Mac did. Like if I get a one small row, it's like Bernie, I'll kill any road. Okay Real make sure even if it's small, be memorable. You know what I'm saying? Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah. So, but now I'm in a place now even just like even just having a great PR team I have now, this is the most I've ever been. But I feel good.


I'm happy And I believe in myself for real. So maybe I'm comfortable showing people who I am. Yeah. But I also think it's like you said is being seen. Right? If you think of some of the comedians that you named. Yeah, you see them all the time. Right? That's what Emini here. But it's not just see them on billboards. You see them at the game, you see them at these events. You see them at the fact, well you opening this all the time and see and you, you picture and you see them all the time. Even in newspapers, you see them all the time. Well that's why I've been participating more. It's so funny 'cause like I did that Jennifer Hudson walk thing that came out yesterday and it and people. But that, but that's what I'm saying. That's a part of, I know that it seems stupid but it connects well because I feel good though. And like I'm telling you, I'm really confident and I'm so happy. It's almost like I feel I'm excited about letting people feel my energy but at that time I didn't.


And almost some of that stuff I didn't even know if I felt like I deserved it. Imposter syndrome. Yeah. Yeah. I was, I was in a weird place And I could be honest about that. They, at the time I couldn't even admit to that. Even when like Gerard and could tell something was going on And I couldn't articulate it to my friends what was going on yet. Got it. 'cause I didn't understand, I meant to ask for earlier, do you do couples therapy with your fiance? We are thinking about it. She thinks we should do it. But let me say this, I think we should do it. But for me it was like I want her to go to therapy consistently on her own first. Mm. Because women love to do this couple shit but won't work on their personal shit. You know what, Emini here. Yeah. So I love therapy then you should love therapy. We both consistently go on therapy.


Cool. We could go talk to somebody together 'cause we know how to do therapy. Right. She has to find the right person for her though as well. Yeah. Emini here. She had a, she's well she, who she's talking to now, she, she absolutely loves. So we'll find like, and it's interesting with couples there because I, I be watching like shows like, like shrinking is one of my favorite. Sh I love damn. I love that show. Have you watch shrinking? I saw a couple of So good. And so like it is interesting with, 'cause you know most couples go to like the pastors And I, I don't know it's


The new year is here and you wanna stay locked in on whatever you're into. Amazon Prime is a cheat code. See a lot of people think Amazon Prime is just about getting those packages delivered faster than you can say. I forgot to order that. But really prime is not just one thing. It's all things. A place to stream movies and shows with prime video, Amazon music and that free one day, same day delivery is everything you need to make the season stress free. Picture this, you're watching Thursday night football and Prime video and the friends are coming through. You need the last minute snacks and drinks. Prime's Got you. You wanna kick back and chill after the game. Prime video's got the movies and shows to keep your night rolling. And if you wanna wind down Amazon music's got the playlist to keep the vibe just right. So whether you're hosting, chilling, or just trying to make it through the hustle of the week, I know I'm doing all things above. Just know prime's got your back. It helps you explore, discover, and get more of what you love all in one place. So visit amazon.com/prime to get more of whatever you're into. Whatever you're into, it's on prime. Visit amazon.com/prime Now.


The World is constantly changing. It's up to you to decide how to respond. Choose to be bold to try something new. Choose to reinvent yourself. That's what Nissan did with the all new total Reimagined kicks. The dynamic new exterior style immediately announces that Nissan isn't messing around the interior. A completely redesigned cab with premium features like wireless. Apple CarPlay and panoramic moonroof make driving and kicks immersive and exciting. And with new performance and safety features like intelligent Allwheel Drive the Kicks is both more fun and safer to drive than ever before is the donning of a brand new era for the Nissan Kicks on. One question remains, is it a new era for you as well? Drive the all new reimagined Nissan Kicks today Available feature. Bose is a registered trademark of the Bose Corporation Nissan Safety Shield technologies can't prevent all collisions or wor in all situations. See owner's manual for important safety information.


Hey fam, if you're like me, you are thinking about how to level up in your career. Maybe you're fresh out of college just starting in your field or even looking to switch things up and find your true calling. Whatever stage you're in, remember that this is your time to grow, to learn and to build something that lasts. State Farm understands that early career development is key to long-term success. They've been a steady presence in our communities and they know that having the right support early on can make all the difference. State Farm is there to help you make smart moves and to help you get the coverage you need. We all know that the journey to success is a marathon, not a sprint. It's about staying focused, staying grounded, and making sure you're protected every step of the way. Let's build our careers with confidence knowing that State Farm is there to support us just like they've always been because like a good neighbor, a State Farm is there. Find out more at State Farm dot com.


Hi, this is Shirley Strawberry from the Steve Harvey Morning show. Toyota has been building a legacy of excellence for years from developing hybrid technology to upping the standards of safety and efficiency. Toyota is always innovating, always making progress. And with Toyota's superior lineup of SUVs in stock at your local Toyota dealer, you can experience the legacy for yourself. So check out an adventure Ready RAV4 designed to be the perfect mix of style, practicality and go anywhere attitude or a test drive a capable and affordable Corolla cross with the style space and available tech to keep you cool and connected. And both RAV4 and Corolla Cross are available with all wheel drive giving you the freedom to roam quality, reliability, efficiency. That's the legacy of Toyota. Visit buy a toyota.com, the official website for deals to find out more. Toyota let's go places.


Interesting to find who our couples therapy person Would be. It's, it's what you're saying is interesting 'cause it's hard enough to start seeing yourself. Yeah. So when you and your partner get together and y'all start peeling back them layers and you thought one thing is she thinks another. Oh my God, you thought wrong with just you But Charlemagne, we, but even, even though we don't go to therapy, we do that a lot. And it's been beautiful Emini here. Like even one day, I think a couple weeks ago, she was like, we need to communicate better. I'm like, we are actually doing it. We just not agreeing. That's real. Yeah. We talking about it. And I think that's maturity too. Being able to have a conversation and not agree. Like nobody has to win this when you get dead. That's Good. That's when your relationship is good. Yeah. Because first couple of years, I ain't gonna say most people, mine is you fighting to win, man, you just wanna win you what you gotta do to win.


But when you realize, nah, we got two different opinions. All right, let's all keep it moving. That's, that's when you, you you've established something. No, It's, that's where we're at too. And I, And I actually love that. Like I love the way I, I don't know man. And even with that, right? Like to be legitimately in love and appreciate what love really is and a partner man that's just next level. I like really appreciate her, you know what I'm saying? Like I love talking to her And I once again, even when we don't agree, it's so interesting 'cause she'll sometimes she'll get really on 10 And I be like, all right. Well I heard you say that, that you feel like she should get therapy for herself first. Like what are some things that you, that you see that she needs to work on, you know, individually before couples therapy?


I don't get in trouble now. No. She's working on, she's working on everything Emini here. We both are like, And I ain't gonna put her personal stuff 'cause we do really talk about it. Yeah. But she's working on it. Like that's why she goes there. Like Danella is so, it is crazy. It is really, the stuff she's working on is all it's gonna do is make her even greater. And like for me, I see her and that's one of the things like sometimes when I kind of get on her about things, it's because I see, I could see the greatness in her. You know what I'm saying? And like when somebody really see great, like the Emini here, honestly I tell her this all the time. I stopped drinking because I had the right woman. It was something I wanted to do for a long time, but I couldn't, I, I don't know, whatever, whatever I needed she was able to provide for me. And it was from this, I know you want to get better And I'm not going to even like poke at you about it.


I'm gonna just cover you and pray for you and man I'm gonna be there for you. That's what it's, and I'm gonna let you know I'm proud of you when you're done. And that's what she did. And this inter I I literally just told her that like, it's like one of our weird emotional crying that because that's where I'm at too. Like I, the tears come down down like what? Like some days I wake up And I just be like, I like can't believe. I'm like, you saved me. Mm. Wow. Like she literally to me saved my life. That's dope. But what got you to a place of worthy? Ooh, that's a good question. Wow. You know, and that's that. At first I didn't feel like it. 'cause you know, you go through, it's so funny that happened with the fires too a little bit where like I kind of felt guilty that I placed in catch fire in a weird way because I felt bad for everybody.


Yeah. Like people lost everything and I'm like, dang, why do I feel guilty about being kind of blessed in a way? 'cause it didn't happen to me. But it's that same thing was like, you know, when I felt worthy for real Charlemagne, it was really, here we go. It was one of the therapy sessions, right? And I remember my therapist was, I was trying to explain to, I don't know what I was saying to her, maybe acting like I didn't deserve some of this stuff. I couldn't understand why. And that's when we started doing that exercise to talk to little me, you know what Emini here? Like yo the, the kid who had the dream who was on the west side of Chicago watching the t the tv, like it didn't seem realistic. Like even when we say Hollywood from where I live, I'm like, what is that a real place?


It felt like eyes. But then like she was like, talk to little you because you actually did it. And so that's when I had that moment like, oh I, I went back and told little me like we made it in a movie theater where like you, you would sit there for hours and watch back to back movies 'cause it was just taking you, you know, away from whatever you, you made it inside the tv. Like you end the thing. You you are part of this, this beautiful great dream you had and you worthy of it like you earned it fam. And I was like, damn that. And that's really when I felt worthy. And that's why like, I love that, you know, one of the biggest compliments I do get more than anything is like, do you just seem happy? I'm like, yeah, I, I'm so comfortable. And just even though not not just being real, like even my relationship with God is on a whole nother level.


You know what I'm saying? Like it's just the conversations I have with God now be so honest. And so like lately, I'll say it again, like this probably been the most emotional I've ever been in my life. I just wake up sometimes with a, a new praise every single day. And I, I'm loving what I do more now. Even just like, you know, promoting Dog Man and I'm like, wow, I'm on, I'm, I'm in this animated movie that's one of those big movies And I get a chance for a book that the voice has never existed And the first time a kid hears Chief Talk is me. Right. Right. That's so cool. I'm like, I'm literally enjoying every aspect of this now more than I ever have. Man. Gratitude. Yeah, you should. Well rel gotta go guys. Proud of you brother Appreci. Keep doing the work. Appreciate it man. Absolutely man.


It's little Rel ladies and gentlemen. Make sure you check out Dog Man in theaters now and it's The Breakfast Club. Good morning. Thank Y'all Everybody. It's DJJ NV just hilarious. Charlamagne the guy. We are The Breakfast Club. Now let's get to just with the Mess You music is real. Jessica, Robin Moore just Don't do no lying. She don't, nobody worldwide, just worldwide On The Breakfast Club. She's a cultureship. She was able to get y'all to see something and understand something that nobody could get you to see. It's time to set it door. Okay, so let's get to Dwayne Wade. I seen that he just, you know, put it out there that he had cancer on the podcast.


Yeah. Yep. For the first time ever. Dwayne Wade, he was on his podcast called the y off of the Y Network and he talked about having cancer with his co-host. Let's take a listen. I went in to get myself checked. I turned 40 years old And I went in And I was like, doc, I wanna know everything about my body, head to toe. I got some things that I'm feeling. I got some stomach issues on the process of checking like, man, why is my piss coming out slow? And then now you dig deeper and found out that someone else in your family or grandfather and so forth, so forth go through it. So I, I went in the doctor to look for something else, but because I did the full body scan, they were able to see my entire body, my entire insides. And they were able to see something that was on my kidney, on my right kidney when I went in, didn't go in for my kidneys.


And so what I had on my kidney was a cyst, a tumor. And so I'm sitting in the doctor And I just went for physicals pretty much check on myself. And now I'm in the doctor and the doctor's like, so we you need to have kidney surgery. Yo. That's the craziest thing, yo, because that, that's what I, that's what I just recently went through. I went to the hospital. Yeah. Thought it was something else. And the whole time, you know, I leave, I had to have emergency surgery on something else. You just gotta take care of yourself. Wow. And of course mine is not on a bigger scale as you know, as big of a scale as that. But just everybody need to just check on they self. Like you said, I wanna know what's going on with my body from head to toe. You need to do that. Not even just men, just women too. Like just do that. Make sure you straight.


I agree. And don't downplay what you said too because anytime they put you under under anesthesia, you never know if you're gonna wake back up. Yeah, a hundred percent. The fact that you had surgery and you okay is is amazing. But like you said, when you get to not even a 40 or 45, when if you start feeling something crazy, go to the doctor. Get checked. And I know a lot of times I ain't going to the doctor, I'm not getting a colonoscopy. You ain't playing with my butt. No. That could save you and you could possibly have, you know, where you could see your kids, you could see your kids get married, you could see your grandkids, you could see your mother, your father. So make sure you get your ass checked and That's right. You know, literally. Yeah but yo, that's the way he said it. I I was about to say Get your ass checked. Yeah. It's like he's telling you go get yourself checked but also telling you what to get checked. Yeah, but Dwayne Wade both.


Yeah, both. Yep. I saw what you did there. Dwayne Wade talked about that too though. Envy he talked about actually. 'cause he said at this point, you know, after he had found out about that he had the surgery, he was the most vulnerable he's ever been because it was to the point where sometimes he couldn't even get up to walk across his bedroom to the bathroom. Oh. And his kids and his wife Gabrielle Union had never seen him that vulnerable. And as the dad, you don't want them to see you like that. Yeah. They, you don't want them to see you weak. But he had to be weak. And then Furthermore you wanna know why the hell can't I do this? I'm an athlete. I'm in good. Exactly. I'm in good shape. He's used To being in it. Why does it hurt for me to walk from one end of the room to the other? Well It was after the surgery, so after they removed the cancer from the kidney. But he said that because his dad had went through prostate cancer as well too. He said that this was a time where him, his dad got like the conversations, they would have changed.


It went from just sports and I've always been his athlete son to now we're talking about our bodies and our health. And he had a funny conversation about going and getting checked too with his dad. Let's take a listen to that. Share a quick story about my dad because my dad And I life was kind of built around sports for a very long time. And him being my father and me being his son and whatever lately we now share this part of our bodies. Right. We now talk about Right. Going to the doctor, talking about our prostate, all these things because we dealing with it at the same time. And so I got on the phone with my dad after going to one of the doctor's appointments. Right. So I go to the doctor didn't know there was gonna be a prostate exam. I know a lot of men, whoever their forties felt this before. Next thing you know doctor got some, some lube on her fingers and she going up there.


Right. Whoa. So she go up there. Yes. So I talk, I call my dad. My dad crazy. My dad started laughing. I just went through a traumatic experience in my life. My dad started laughing. He said, oh man, that ain't, that ain't nothing. She just wanted play in your booty. At least. At least it's the she Right. You know what Emini here, right? Yeah. Mo you know the crazy thing is most men I don't think have female doctors. They have male doctors. But you know, the the funny thing about it is this way sometimes you gotta be close with your partner. Right. 'cause when I went and got my colonoscopy, I made Gia go get hers. I'm like, we both going to get our asray with today. Like we, we both going, you know, when I wanted to get my heart checked, me and Gia went. Well we both getting like we every we going together, we go together. That's right.


We go Together. I love that. We go together real day. I love that you And one of the other things too that I, that I thought was interesting in this was just, I know you were talking about like medical, like malpractice and just how it's different when you're a person of color. Yeah. So his co-host Bob Mattis, Bob was actually saying that he went through a lot of stuff, you know, with his dad who they found out had stage four prostate cancer. He said he went to the hospital many times with his dad because his dad was having stomach issues and they passed it off as nothing. And then finally they found out that it was cancer. So they were making a point of like push back on the doctors if you know something's not right because by the time they found out it was stage four and his dad passed away was, And I went through this, I was, y'all was crying on the, on the way in here this morning. Not to bring down the mood, but I went through that with my mom.


Like she was having strokes and they kept just saying, oh it's just strokes and blah blah. Yeah. And then one day they just, and they're so like neutral and like regular about it, just walked in there one day and was like, oh it's stage four cancer. And we were like, wait, we've been in this ho all this time. We've been in this hospital with y'all for a year. How did y'all, you know what Emini here. So the podcast and what he's doing with it, it is, is really good 'cause they're encouraging you to go get checked. They're encouraging you to have these conversations and it's like a safe space for men. So yeah Like you said, stay on them doctors A hundred percent. But I'm glad he's okay though. And this was his first time talking about it. He didn't even realize that until they were live in the podcast. But you know what's crazy? What? That's bringing me back up. I ain't know G three was that fine. Oh girl, girl You, I know you got so in there about Lean Angelou. Bizzle. Okay, I'm going there. I'm going there right here.


He's second on the list. Envy. Did you know G three was fine? Well one of you have a man, one of you don't have a man and I'm not gay so I can put it heavy. I one put it, I find you right. And look, I don't even really like light skinned. So Chris just, Chris just got lucky, you know I don know but I was watching But G three, yeah. So I was watching G three last night. He sat down with Speedy Mormon for 360 with Speedy on Complex. And they were talking about the whole deal and the tweaker song. I was like dang who he was that fine. Okay, You so upset. Relax. He's one of your beige brothers. He said, he said, he said a lot. Let's take a listen to him and talk about him. And Cameron, You also very recently got into your first ever rap beef with Cameron. That was before I was rapping.


It's, it's all kind of just happening so quickly. What's it been like having to deal with like commentary from someone like Cameron And I don't deal with it like that. Don't bother me bro. I just address it. 'cause I ain't like, I ain't finna get pumped for nothing like dog. What is you saying? They don't know me at all. I don't know Cameron bro. I think I rap colder than him basketball colder than I'm not over here. Like dang. He said I can't do this like bro. Right. I knew was coming. I just be keeping it cool. Like but you Also feel as if musically you're Better. Me personally. Yeah, that's what I'm saying. But I'm not going say that. Well I said it on here now, but I'm not going online like I'm better than camera. Like Yeah But you do feel that way though. I feel that way but you know, hella people going Respect. I stay legend for real.


I'm not disrespecting He Me for Years and years. Yeah that was, that was a crazy take. I'm with, I like the wicker song, but that was a crazy take. Come On. Maybe, maybe or maybe not better than basketball. 'cause if you don't know, Cameron used to get busy in basketball. I didn't know it. They throw Cameron and Mace together with prospects to possibly play professional, you know, professional or even in college. But they decided not to go and do rap. But they were both nice, like got busier. If you look at old tapes. Okay, now rapping, come on, come on G three. Come on, come on, come on. I, I'm actually interested for, I can't wait for Cam to respond if he's going to, I don't think he Is though. He might respond in the he be doing the stops on his show. I know, but I, I don't think he is because I don't know, something just tells me GG three might have just said that.


Just 'cause to get a response, you know what I'm saying? Just to get response. So whatever I don and then cam pay attention to what he wanna pay attention to And I just Emini here, he responds to the things he wanna response to. And I don't think that's gonna Get a response. Cam gets busy, he better leave Cam alone. What that might cost. Yeah, Well he, he, real quick. I I did wanna mention this happened, it was real quick yesterday, but Diddy, there was a superseding indictment. They did add more charges onto Diddy. There are two new victims now in this case we'll be following this and there will be more I'm sure. But basically on the criminal side, remember there's always been one victim. Victim one who was Cassie, but now there's two more victims. Victim two and victim three. Both of these victims are women and they're both basically claiming that this was, this whole sex trafficking and all this stuff had been going on for a very long time.


They're claiming that Diddy would transport all three women together to engage in pros in prostitution. It's, it, it's a lot of different stuff. But they're basically saying he's been on this tear of this rampage for a long, long time way before even what Cassie is detailing. So in, in the beginning when we were reporting this, we were mentioning that the prosecutor said that this is superseding, which means they could add additional things as they find it whenever they need to. And that's exactly what they did yesterday. They don't describe Diddy's relationship with the women, but they do say that the victims among other things were provided monetary payments, career opportunities and payment of rent and housing. Like he was taking care of them in exchange for this whatever it was that they were engaging in with him.


And Diddy team, of course is denying it in the statement that I got from them. They're saying, you know, he's committed to fighting these charges and winning in trial. So, we'll, we'll keep up with that. Alright, well thank you so much. That was just with the mess. Thank you more. Now when, when we come, we got a new joint from the weekend. It's called Niagara Falls and also Charlemagne is out. So if you wanna give somebody donkey of the day. 805 8 5 1 0 5 1. So don't go anywhere. It's The Breakfast Club. Good morning, wake Up. Wake up. You're locked into The Breakfast Club. It is your time to nominate a donkey of your own. The lemonade ask is how they choose. Call in now.


(800) 585-1051. Alright, Charlamagne is out. So we open up the phone lines and let you give donkey today to whoever you want. Let's go to the phone lines. Hello. Who's this, This Kia? Who you wanna give donkey to? Mama? I Wanna give donkey at other day. Well, every day to my kids' father. And it's only 'cause of the simple fact, don't call me telling me what you need. When we have a whole child that we share like it's only y'all and y'all are still hungry, broke, homeless. It's just ridiculous. No car, no type of motion at all. Dang. But you calling your baby mother. 'cause you need like, it's 2025.


Let's do better donkeys. Let's do way better. Dang. I guess you not gonna lend them anything, huh? She tired of it. Well, she hung up. Okay. Hello? Who's this? She hung up. She said f that. Hello. Who's this Sneaker? Hey, Who you gonna give donkey to? To I, I want her join to give donkey day to people. Practice medical racism like Jess was talking about. It's a real thing. It's a real thing. It's happening in every hospital. Come back with the Tuskegee airmen. They just renamed it and doing it smarter and differently. Vaccines. They're giving us real, it's, I'm with you. I thought actually I thought Jess made up that term earlier, but I I guess it's, it's not a term you made up Jess.


Actually a real thing. See, I be knowing even when I don't be knowing, I be knowing. So yeah. Hello. Who's this? Latrice. Hey. Who you wanna give donkey to? The orange man that's in office. Your president Donald Trump. You mean That, that ain't my president. That's y'all president. The only way He can't be president is if you move outta the United States. Show He president. That, that, that ain't my president. I Feel you. All right. Why you gonna give him donkey? What reason how He gonna blame Obama and Biden for the tragedy with the helicopter and the plane crash? How? Yeah. Emini here. I said that earlier. I Emini here. He's always pointing a finger at people. You know what I'm saying? Like this is not the time and place to be pointing fingers. Where's your sympathy?


Where's your, I'm sorry that happened to, you know, the families or whatever. Like it's just a bunch of bs. Absolutely. That's right. Where's your empathy? Like you should be leading with your heart, right? You seen the time to be pointing fingers like, you know, later on we could find out what happened. But right now is the time to show your empathy and show your understanding. I, I agree with you mama. That Part. All right, have a good one. You Too. Hello? Who's this? This Chantel. Hey Chantel. Who gonna give donkey today to, I Wanna give Duncan today to myself for getting pregnant by somebody who's cheated on me And I still wanna be with him. Aw, no. Well you need the donkey baby. Why? Yeah, exactly. I do that. I'll get over it one day. I love how honest and transparent you are.


So he, he cheated on you. You, you're pregnant right now. Did he apologize? Did he admit to it or he No, you just caught him and he just like f it Man, he apologized but then he got mad at me or something else. And then he said he was glad that he cheated on me. Talking about her vagina was better than mine. Just said all kinds of stuff to hurt. Oh wow. Yeah, it is crazy. I need just with the mess honestly. Yeah, but I'm gonna just give myself donkey. Yeah, because I wanna give you donkey. After that man told you that you still talking much. You can't leave a man. You on the radio, you know not how many listeners listening to this Man. We had two kids. This is our second child together. I want a family. I'm 31. And you did it again? You did it again? Yeah, because my son only one.


Oh my god. Well can I, can I ask you a question? What's up? Is your vagina that loose? Uhuh Emini here? That's what he said. No, I only have sex with him. I'm committed to him. Like no. No. Okay. No, that was mean. Oh, I was Just asking. He said it was loose. I was just asking. I'm sorry. You're right. I apologize. No, He did not say it was loose. He said that the other girls was Loose. No other girls just was better. Oh Yeah. Okay. Okay. I'm sorry. So jump in my dm, I'm gonna help you jump in my dm. We, we gonna have to get you some I got you, I got you on Instagram. Okay. Just, just jump in there. I got you. I I got another podcast I need to do. I need to do this on you. You get your own episode baby girl, just jump in there.


Alright Now. All right. I am about to right now. Oh Okay. I love y'all. Bye. Love you too. Bye. Jesus Donkey of the day. 805 85 1 0 5 1. Yeah. You better help her. Yes. Like not the fact that he cheated but he gonna double down and say that your vagina ain't that Yo. And it ain't even about the, it ain't even about him telling her what her vagina ain't. He compared it to another girl. Yo us shorty was better. This shorty over here was better. And she got two of your kids. Like what? Jesus Christ. All right, well when we come back, ESTG will be joining us. His new album is out right now. I'm not feeling you. That's the name of the album right? Yep. I ain't feeling you. All right. And we'll get to that next.


So don't go anywhere as The Breakfast Club. Good morning. The Breakfast Club Morning everybody. It's DJ MV just hilarious. Charlamagne the guy. We are The Breakfast Club. We got a special guest in the building. His album. I ain't Feeling You is out right now. Ladies and gentlemen. It's ESTG. Welcome back brother. Good Morning. What's that? Ain't feeling this interview. I'm straight. My bad. My bad. Yeah, I ain't feeling you. What's the name of that? What what? What's up with that title? Who you not feeling man? Who else's not feeling me. Alright. And they be some people that be acting like they don't be feeling me. They don't think I know, but now I know though so I just wanted to let them know. I'm not feeling that. Alright now your previous project was, I ain't felt nothing.


Yeah, I don't feel nothing Now. I ain't feeling you. I ain't feeling you specific. So it's so it's always like a negative connotation. What what are we, Is it really negative though? Is it just like, how can it be what it is? Because Who we talking about? Who we talking to? They could apply to everybody. It's somebody who I see that I don't feel nothing was like, it's vague but it's like when it's a overload of stuff, it ain't nothing specifically that you feel 'cause it is everything. So it's like that. So this time it's more like directing a person. It's like I ain't feeling you like a specific person. I feel like everybody feel me, got people that they be feeling. Do you use that as motivation? Like you know, you see somebody have a negative comment about you or a negative comment about your music and you No, I don't be knowing.


See until now I wasn't hip. I thought everybody loved me. No You didn't. You ain't saying hell no. No, no. Not in this world. I ain one I thought it was love. I ain't gonna lie when they be seeing me. Yeah. Be at, but I guess they, they don't, they don't love me. I thought they did. Damn. You must have got into an incident of somebody or something like that, that hurt, that Broke your heart. They didn't no incidents. I don't get no incidents. It just be, you know when you put something out there, eventually they go around and some people be hearing it. Oh, so this is other rappers or there's People in The World? Nah, there's other rappers. Nah, they ain't not. I Feel like it's somebody out there that Know have no problem with no other rappers in The World. I Don nobody. Everything's everything. I don't have no problem with no rappers.


They not saying nothing I don't think. Maybe they are though. It's coming out now. So if they are, I might hear it soon. Now. You ain't been up here in three years. It Been a long Time. It's been three years. How, how have things changed for you in those three years? I think I got one more kid. Congratulations. Wow, that's a big change. You got some more money. That's about it. How old is your, your baby? My new kid. The new kid? Yeah. One age's. One. Oh, Okay. I I do wonder how you feeling though because you know, you look, I listened to the project and it sounds like you've lost so many of your, your people a lot of pain. Like Yeah, I know. Your your manager. Yeah, it be like that though. It be like that. I feel like everybody be going through something like that. You can't shake it off like that. You can't just shake it off like that. You, your manager, big beach, rest in peace.


Your all this mike, rest in peace. It Be like that. So Your man Rico locked up. It be like that. You gotta just keep on going. How do you cope with that though? Smoke cigarette Emini here. Other than it being out there, how do, what do you do? Smoke cigarettes and just drink orange juice in the morning early when you get up. You know what I'm saying? You'll be all right. You'll be straight. Yeah. On go though. You said you slowed down for the, the last three months I did. And you said, but you said you still don't feel no better. I didn't Work. Dang. I'm back. Didn't bother you slowed down as far as what? Slow down as far as work. I don we might not, shouldn't get into that. It's, we don't promote. No. Oh, slow down. Smoking no illicit drugs, clothing? No. That's not promoting Emini here. If you slowed down on that. Absolutely. Yeah. If you, if you was using drugs. Yeah, But I said I'm back though.


Oh, Oh you on? Yeah, I'm back on. I'm back on the money. I'm back. I tried, you know. Okay. God know I'm not a lie it back every year. But You did try though. I did, yeah. For how long? How long were you, were you off of it like a year? A year? I ain't drink no syrup. I still ain't start drinking syrup. For real though. Or a little bit, but I ain't drink no syrup for like a year and a half. That's Amazing though. And then, you know, I got shot so I be taking per, but I ain't take no perks for like 10, 9, 10 months straight. And that was hard. Did you need it with the, the creative process? Like sometimes you I just need that. I get the creative process go man. Grieving It don't, it don't got nothing to do with rapping. I could rap regard, but it just be my stomach be hurting 'cause I got shot. You feel me?


And my eye, like the, the doctor closed that I got my stitches put in my eye And I got shot in my face and the doctor's office closed. So they left the stitches in my, like it was like bothering me and so take the purse, you know what I'm saying? The little bitty nagging little pain go away. Yeah. But they, they took the stitches out now. Like what was that last year, year before last? They been there for like a little minute. So I been straight. So that's how I was able to kind stop 'em for real because I got something to fix. Have you tried anything else for your trauma? Like, you know, like going to therapy, going to a grief counselor. I'm straight, I don't got no trauma. I'm straight. It is just, I'm straight. I don't need no therapy or nothing. What was the moment that you, you got, you went back.


What made you say, all right, look, I done try this long enough, this clean, sober life long enough. What, what was that moment for you to go back One day I woke up and I'm like, man, I'm ready. Get that weed today. Like today I'm eating that weed and that was just what it was. Yeah. And when I got to the studio, I want to say my little partner might have some syrup and it was that right back the day one again it straight though. Also on the the go record man, you said you've been talking to God but haven't been getting a response. So, so what's the conversation you, you trying to have with, with, with, with God if it's not too personal. I don't know. It just be, I think it's just human nature. We being patient sometimes we be praying and stuff.


We might not get a answer. It might not have it right then or you feel me? Absolutely. You know, I think that's just human nature. I don't think it's nothing specific to me that, but we done got frustrated. We all done got frustrated and impatient. You know what Emini here, You grew up spiritual like your mom, grandma. Yeah. My nana and them. They all my mama, they go to church and stuff. What I be saying to myself like I'm gonna go to church but I just don't go church be throwing me off sometimes. What about it? Just, I don't know. I done sink the back rooms at the church, so it just make it back. Church, church just be funny. Like I shouldn't say that. Yeah. You sure? You seen in the back of the church? My gonna be mad at me.


She ain't gonna see call. Yeah, she gonna see it My see help. She ain't my grandson. You saw a pastor getting busy or so about Nah, it's just, you know how you might say something about somebody? It's like, ah, you might tell him something and you don't think he going tell her. Yeah. And then he tell her then she, she might stand up and be like, all right, it's somebody in here who's, oh wow, who's going through this right here? And I know I can feel y'all heart right now. You feel me? I man, knock it off. Yeah. Throw out. I that part of it. Be like, man, I know you just heard me saying the car don't tell nobody. It been 30 minutes in church now they all know I need $40.


Yeah, yeah, yeah. They could feel my hard card and then they still don't never give it $40. Nah, the church gonna get that money. You gotta go to Wednesday Bible study. Some projects you gotta go through to get your, for the Church. Now I, I did see something yesterday you was with Bag Fuel and Klu shout clue that they said that you had Hove waiting for two hours. That was the caption When you, when you went to go visit Rock Nation office. Yeah, it was an accident. Me and Beach was riding around. We figured out it was dispensary. So he wanted to stop. He trying for nasty. He's like, I got G in the car, I'm Gonna break.


The new year is here and you wanna stay locked in on whatever you're into. Amazon Prime is a cheat code. See a lot of people think Amazon Prime is just about getting those packages delivered faster than you can say. I forgot to order that. But really prime is not just one thing. It's all things. A place to stream movies and shows with Prime video, Amazon music and that free one day, same day delivery is everything you need to make the season stress free. Picture this, you watching Thursday night football and Prime video and the friends are coming through. You need the last minute snacks and drinks, Prime's. Got you. You wanna kick back and chill after the game. Prime video's got the movies and shows to keep your night rolling. And if you wanna wind down Amazon music's got the playlist to keep the vibe just right. So whether you're hosting, chilling, or just trying to make it through the hustle of the week, I know I'm doing all things above. Just know prime's got your back. It helps you explore, discover, and get more of what you love all in one place. So visit amazon.com/prime to get more of whatever you're into, whatever you're into, it's on prime. Visit amazon.com/prime Now.


The World is constantly changing. It's up to you to decide how to respond. Choose to be bold to try something new. Choose to reinvent yourself. That's what Nissan did with the all new total Reimagined kicks. The dynamic new exterior style immediately announces that Nissan isn't messing around the interior. A completely redesigned cab with premium features like wireless. Apple CarPlay and panoramic moonroof make driving and kicks immersive and exciting. And with new performance and safety features like intelligent all-wheel drive, the kicks is both more fun and safer to drive than ever before. It is the donning of a brand new era for the Nissan Kicks on. One question remains. Is it a new era for you as well? Drive the all new reimagined Nissan Kicks today available Feature. Bose is a registered trademark of the Bose Corporation Nissan Safety Shield technologies can't prevent all collisions or worn in all situations. See owner's manual for important safety information.


Hey fam, if you're like me, you're thinking about how to level up in your career, maybe you're fresh outta college, just start in your field or even look at the switch things up, add, find your true calling. Whatever stage you're in, remember that this is your time to grow, to learn, and to build something that lasts. State Farm understands that early career development is key to long-term success. They've been a steady presence in our communities and they know that having the right support early on can make all the difference. State Farm is there to help you make smart moves and to help you get the coverage you need. We all know the journey to success is a marathon, not a sprint. It's about staying focused, staying grounded, and making sure you're protected every step of the way. Let's build our careers with confidence knowing that State Farm is there to support us just like they've always been because like a good neighbor, State Farm is there. Find out more@stateforum.com.


Hi, this is Shirley Strawberry from the Steve Harvey Morning show. Toyota has been building a legacy of excellence for years. From developing hybrid technology to upping the standards of safety and efficiency. Toyota is always innovating, always making progress. And with Toyota's superior lineup of SUVs in stock at your local Toyota dealer, you can experience the legacy for yourself. So check out an adventure Ready RAV4 designed to be the perfect mix of style, practicality and go anywhere attitude or a test. Drive a capable and affordable Corolla cross with the style space and available tech to keep you cool and connected. And both RAV4 and Corolla Cross are available with all wheel drive giving you the freedom to roam quality, reliability, efficiency. That's the legacy of Toyota. Visit buy a toyota.com, the official website for deals to find out more. Toyota, let's go places


Man. He's telling him dispensary like it. Like I'm gonna bring him in. Just gimme, show him some of the weed he's pulling up at every dispensary. Yo, he dispen me, said you were in the car man. Well we got about four, five zips of weed. I just have to pull up him, hop out and do his thing. I get back in the car, go fool around the corner. So we, we was just riding around and we knew that they was waiting on us, but it was like they'll be all right because we thought it was just Juan but it was light. So I wasn't thinking it wasn't gonna be nothing. But Jay was there though. So we walk in, they all looking at us silly 'cause we late and they all staring like they waiting for us to see him, but we walking in looking at them like, why y'all all acting weird? Like we done met all y'all before and we got out. You Was two hours late. Two Man we got, he wasn't tripping though.


Did you apologize at Lee? Nah. What? How damn it is. He wasn't tripping. He wasn't tripping. I think you should apologize when you walk in late. Man. My fault Jay man. Kin What you wanna hear off the album man? Houstonville. Yeah, Baby and Travis Scott. Me baby and Travis Scott. All Right, well let's get into that now it's The Breakfast Club. Good morning. Morning everybody. It's dj nv, Jess, hilarious. Charlamagne the guy. We are The Breakfast Club. We're still kicking it with ESTG. Charlamagne On that record right now. When you say you still living in the trenches, do you mean you just visit often or you actually I'm just saying my, my, my heart and my hands. Your mindset. Yeah. Not my mindset. My mindset's a billion, but I'm invested in people.


So it's people that's still stomping through her every day that I'm, I'm worried about what they doing. So when I say I'm still in it, like I still feel I'm trying Your heart. That's what you from? Yeah. Yeah. I'm trying to see what's going on. Make sure everybody's at, everything's everything On that on the right now. Record too. I like how you talk about how unjust, harsh, the justice system is too, man. And I think you're talking about one of your, your partners a little scary and you talk about the time he got 15 grams. What do he, he Got 15 years. Fuck eight grams of heroin. Was serving a gram eight times and it was his first offense. And you said he smiled in court when he got sentenced. What else he going to do? Tell no. You know what I'm saying? Why we be back? He be back. Get him up through every Yeah. A little scary to my baby little Barry man.


15 years, eight grams heroin. Damn. So he sold, he made $800. He served the, the informant eight times, $400 and eight 15 years. And this his first offense, first Offense, First offense, no criminal history. And was he had a good lawyer and he was 19. Yeah. Damn. Damn. Everybody got but Kentucky's like one of them places. It is like a, even though it was a federal case 'cause it's out of the West District up in Kentucky. So you get Kentucky attorneys, you know what I'm saying? Or you can get a lawyer from any state, but a Kentucky attorneys gotta sign off on it that they can represent you if they're from out states. Kentucky's like one of them places like, it's like a old school. I don't wanna say crooked 'cause I still gotta be up around through there.


But it's like if you, if you just, if you, if you from there then you know, y'all remember the Breonna Taylor stuff? Hell yeah. And y'all remember Hankerson The the the sheriff? No, he was the, The y the one that, the one that killed the, he he, he walked me home at gunpoint when I was like 10 years old. Wow. In my granny's apartments. Wow. Like, so he's like a, like that's but that's like a thing. Like He notorious for what he did. But It's a bunch of 'em though. That's like that though. You know what I'm saying? Like that's a thing in, in Kentucky like Hankerson, Brett Hankerson, it's a whole lot of Them. Walked you home at gunpoint when you was 10. Man, what are y'all doing over here? Y'all live over here? Come on. Damn. Yeah, 10 years old. You all getting house at Can't Nobody, Can't nobody do nothing.


Ain't nothing. Ain't nothing. Ain't no call to get made. But I think Vice, have you ever heard of Vice the little YouTube TV Show? Yeah. It's like a it's a network. Yeah. Yeah. Like a little YouTube network. They did something on, on Louisville. Like the police, like about how corrupt it was. It was like over like three, four years. They had seized like 24 million or something in drug money and they had only accounted for like eight of it. Damn. And the rest of it was had to be used to pay informants and all these different little rogue task force they got like how Jays or I have complaints on these officers and like the chief and about like ing them and picking them up with dope in the car.


Like, dude, this, this and that. Right now I'm gonna take you to jail for his bag of, of food. You know what I'm saying? And like the women was going to complaining like the ladies, like the the Hins, they was going to complain but like a lot of times it wasn't going nowhere then eventually like one of 'em kept like a shirt or something with one of the chief's DNA, you know what I'm saying? DNA on there and that finishing, know what I'm saying? But then he ain't, it wasn't, no he didn't go to jail. He just quit before like they finished, they finished turn around. Yeah. But it's like, you know, they probably gave him the heads up. But it's tricky in Louisville though. Like I probably shouldn't even they tricky in Louisville. No, this is all awareness. Like this is all But y'all go watch the Lil Vice thing though. Like where? Talk about, I wish I could show y'all if we had time, Tamara, when it's over I pro I'll show you the link.


But it's tricky though, you know what I'm saying? It's that Absolutely. You I remember they were saying on Twitter, I don't be on Twitter but I heard this. See I don't be on Twitter either. They was trying to say it on, but they say, They were saying that you, you were trying to get off CMG. Why do they be saying that? I don't know man. It's a, I'm regular that up 'cause I don't really feel me. I think his name is the game Spitter. Mm. It have like a semi-truck. He do his videos like it like he's in the back of his semi-truck taking a break when he feel me running his Lowe's back wherever he gotta go. He like, he drive for Amazon or something. Bro. Stop saying that man. Yo. CG he's trying to get away from your guardian. CMG.


He's unhappy. What are you talking about? Like, I don't know where he'd be. It'd be, Is he from your city like this? No, I don't know where this is not from Louisville not driving no truck making a YouTube video. Hell nah, he ain't from Louisville. We would've flood him ties. I don know. But he's, it ain't, he ain't no problem though man. You feel me? But just stop doing then his cap, you know the captions on the videos on YouTube might be like, it might be something vicious. TG leaves C, MBGG says F all of f your guys C, MG. Yeah. And he threw his chain in the ocean. Damn. I gotta go to the room and check. You gotta see where your chain is.


Throw my, Hey yo. You ever get any calls from Gotti? Gotti be like, man we good. We be laughing all the time about it. Okay, okay. We laugh all the time, but Gotti, me and Gotti's like this, we don't be, I don't, we understand real life and not real life. And I know if I don't know this man and you don't know him, like it's just funny, like it's real stuff going on in the in in life in The World and like stuff like that. I don't know. I ain't turning my back on nobody to help me get to a million Right up. You feel me? We gonna figure it out, we gonna fight or whatever. But I don't think me and Gotti ever come to nothing like that. Gotti, one of the most solid successful black CEOs that we've seen in the last decade ain't Let you do your thing.


Like yeah, I don't want to get it, but it like, if your career don't work out and you a Gotti, it's probably something. You feel me? Like it's Something that you are doing. And I hate to say it like that. Yeah, you feel me? Because really like, if you feel strong about something, he let you do your thing. Like, alright, now if it don't work, it's on you. It's on you. But he's still not, it ain't, well he's still going to talk to you like, damn, it didn't work, did it? So I don't know, like Gotti's, like a, I don't know. They, I feel like he don't get enough recognition. I don't, I I agree. Speaking of the internet, I hate to ask you this message, but that there was a a, a video of a woman claiming she was your sister man. And she said that you, her and her five kids were homeless with no support. Shout out to that woman, man.


Was that really your sister? Let us pray God that the kids is all right now, you feel me? That whoever she was, she stopped getting on Instagram and she don't have her receipts. She gotta make sure she got receipts when she say what you say. But let's just pray for the kids And I hope the kids is good. You know what I'm saying? Are those your nieces and nephews? The kids? We just hope that the kids is straight. God Bless the children word. You feel me? Are we getting the I Ain't Feeling You tour? Probably not this spring, but definitely late summer fall for sure. Okay. And talk to me about this record. Crash it. You know I'm, I don't Like that song.


Red is crazy. It's on your goddamn album. How you gonna say you don't like a song on your album? Know? What did you talk about G? Why don't you like It? I don't know. It just ain't not my favorite one. All Right. The album is out today. Make sure you pick it up. I ain't feeling You. Hey, keep growing my brother for Sure. I'm trying to get seven foot. That's Right. E ist G is The Breakfast Club Morning. The Breakfast Club Morning everybody. It's djj. Nv just hilarious. Charlamagne the guy. We are The Breakfast Club. Let's get to pass the S Dj.


Come spin. What's up Nyla? What's up guys? Happy Friday Big Nyla. What's up? How Are you? What's happening? I am, well I'm excited because Reason has dropped. This is his first single since you know, no longer being with TDE. It's called Not what you Think Featuring B. Okay. Alright. What we think. Okay, That's cool. I heard better from Reason. I like it. I like Reason though Reason Dope. But I've heard better. Yeah, production is a one. That's Cool. Cool. I like it. But you you like it like it. I like it. Yeah. Yeah. I wanna hear the rest of the tape. I don I think the tape is dropping in a few weeks so I'm definitely all is for reason. Reason is dope. He's a phenomenal, phenomenal rapper. That's the first song he put out though. That's just what you picked.


No, that's the first song he put out. Okay. Okay. I gotta hear the whole thing boss On it. Don't don't be judging my pick boss. Yeah. What Boss doing it? He got a verse Boss from Dreamville? Yes. Oh, Okay, okay, Okay. You know another boss. No, I don't actually. I don't Actually. Okay. Alright. Next to speaking of we liking or us liking production, Alchemist just did a joint with Larry June and two chains and two chains. Nah, this Is hard. Yeah, two chains slit. Woo. That's Hawg. That's What's up. Larry Ju tell I wanna send Larry Juni a law. He said you jump out rocking all the law. Mm good. I wanna send him a legacy series names for law. Has Larry Ju been up here? No he hasn't. That record is hard up here. Now see, lemme tell you the difference. You see how my energy changes when you tell me that reason put out a song and this is first song from TDEI need to be like that.


Oh, oh, you know what I'm saying? Like he like the other joints sound like Emini here. That was The studio ain't the same. It Was T's it TD described. I'm just saying I like reason. I'm just saying that the sound like I could tell the difference in studios, You know you need to leave. Reason June, Larry June, that was hard. And two chains went crazy on that. Two Chains go crazy To the whole thing. But what I did hear was dope. Okay. Yeah. All right. To be fair, that was a Alchemist beat too. But it, it is about what you do with it. Gimme an Alchemist beat. It ain't gonna sound like that I believe. But just on the side note, Alchemist did the, the, the Jim Jones record too. The Joe The Harlem one. No, no the other One. The other one. I Don Alchemist is cooking now boy, he is been Emini here. He been cooking for a long time but Recently that's what Alchemist does.


He cook Chef, he Chefs been going nuts. It's Between him and conductor for me. Them two right Now. Im been going nuts. The last, the last couple of joint he produced Conductor two, the Irish freestyle with Drake Mutt. Drake's Mud Is hard, mud is Mud's. What else he did? Somebody. Oh, Joey Badass the ruler's bag. Oh He did that too. That's hard too. Conductors been Going Crazy. Both of them been going Crazy. Then there's also this, this new young pro producer slash artist, his name Life of Tom. He got some crazy, crazy crazy beats. So shout out to him. I'm a fan, but my last record is Teddy Swims and Gion. Are you even real? That's All I like. Yo. I was like what happened? I forgot that there was just a Snippet thing. Please Finish the the, we didn't, we didn't need you to play that.


The record plays all the time. That's It. It's in rotation. No it's not a rotation. I Don act like we at New Song Interpretation Talk that talk now. Like what? Help that talk. Don't act like we play any new music up there. Help that Talk. But it's a, it's a really great record. The album is great. That's the, we just had him on the show. Make sure you guys tune into the full interview that he did with Breakfast Swag. Teddy Ain't Gion dope, I likeon sound but every time Gion thinks it sounds like the windshield wipers just going in. It's not raining. Get in your car today and turn the with your wipes on and just let him get Why does he do this? Why You talking to him? I Don Camera. I ain't gonna lie. If you sound like Kermit a lot sometimes Ker Kermit the Frog.


I ain't say all that. No but Because if you listen to like the the Sometimes I wear True the Face You I can see Kermit singing to Miss Piggy are real salute Toon. I'm Gion. Don't ever think I don't think you're not dope. We think you dope. I'm just telling you the vibe that you pull us In. Oh my God. If y'all like The vibe, the frog de driving, it's not raining. Got the windshield wipers going. I cannot, I cannot see it. I cannot see it now. Just over here.


Cannot see it. How can they follow you? Yes, if you like the vibes, make sure you guys follow me at Nyla Simonon. N-Y-L-A-S-Y-M-O-N-E-E-E. You can click the link in bio. We got playlist. I got a podcast, we need to talk. Make sure you guys tune in. We drop an episode every week and yeah, I'll be back next Friday. What's The next certified vibe? Oh I'm so glad you said that 'cause I'm supposed to announce it. So the next certified vibe is actually gonna be a battle of the beats. Mm. So you got producers going at each other? What? Yes. Okay, go. Damn. And we're gonna have them compete but I just gotta get Oh love's gonna be a bunch of niggas in there trying to freestyle the beat. Instrumentals gonna be coming on. They gonna be rapping? No, no it's not allowed. Okay, so the next certified vibes is gonna be February 21st is gonna actually be a battle of the beats.


So yeah, we're looking for producers. If you guys are interested, make sure you guys hit over to certified vibe.com. You have to submit, if your beats are selected then it'll be like different rounds. So it'll be like early 2000 sound or r and b sound or futuristic sound and then winner gets a prize Word. That's what it's Well thank you dla. Thank you guys. Now let's Get to the People's Choice mix. We throw it back on a Friday. Let's go You chicken out The Breakfast Club Morning everybody. It DJ Envy, Jess Charlamagne the guy. We are The Breakfast Club. We got a salute Little Rel for joining us this morning. Dog Man is out right now. You gonna go watch that Jess? Yeah, I'm gonna go See that.


Okay. Maybe not. That's that's, you sound confident that wasn't like yesterday when you went to go see day 26. You was confident, Hey yo, You right and you didn't see Day 26 And I did And I had to leave because they ain't come out on stage. I heard they were two hours late. They Was two hours late. I And I got there purposely late 'cause I heard that they was came, they came out late for the first show And I got there at like 1130 And I was like, yo, if these, if these guys don't come out by midnight, I'm gone. So you're saying day 26 was later than Lauryn Hill? Yeah And it was like y'all y'all at least that's Lauryn Hill like y'all are day 26. Like come on, come out here. Damn. Well if I'm them I'm gonna blame it on Diddy. We blame, blame it On Diddy But it But it was a good show though.


I ain't gonna lie. It was a good show. It was a good show. Yeah. Okay. Alright well salute to day 26. Make sure you pick up their album day one's out right now and also salute to ESTG for joining us this morning. His album. What's the name of the album? I ain't feeling Yo. Your charlamagne's so old. Yo. I can tell y'all something a million times and y'all like no what was it? Was it? It's I Ain't Failing You, I ain't Feeling you. Yeah. Salute to ESTG as well. All right. When we come back, Jess hilarious has the positive notes so don't go anywhere as The Breakfast Club. Good morning. Morning everybody. It's djj. Nv just hilarious. Charlamagne the guy. We are Breakfast Club. It's time to get up outta here. So before we get to the positive note, Lauren, you got an update? Yeah, so last night the fire aid concert went down to La iHeart was one of the sponsors for the concert.


It's an amazing concert that happened just to benefit the people who went through all of the tragedy of losing their houses and you know, all that stuff with the fires it's raising money. So there were a ton of different performances. Little baby perform, Anderson Pac bought out Dr. Dre, you know Dr. Dre is like Mr. La Yeah. And he was actually there. He was celebrating 40 years of just being in the business and he came out and talked about it and just, you know, pay some homage. Let's take a listen to Dre. I've got so much love for you guys and this summer will be the mark of 40 years that I've been in this business And I appreciate all the love that you guys have been giving me and the reason why we are here.


I appreciate all the first responders and all the fir and all the fire men that put their lives on the line And I appreciate all that love. Yeah, it's all about love for me tonight, but guess what else I got? Who up? But yeah, so that was fire like 'cause I don't think that they knew that he was gonna perform 'cause he's not listed on the performer so that was lit as well. Lady Gaga also oh Was a big, that's my girl. Lady Gaga was a big performer. Billie Eilish and ah, My other girl When St. They the Katie Perry, the girls was there. But I think you know, the best part about this as I mentioned earlier, is the fact that it will raise and has and you know, has been raising a ton of money for the people affected by the fires.


Yeah. So if you guys wanna go and donate, you can go to fire aid la.org and there's different ways to donate PayPal, Venmo, Stripe for donations larger than 10 K. You can email donations@fireaidla.org and you know, this is just a good way to help people through entertainment and music. So Definitely. You said Anderson p was there was Maria Riot in because you know that's how boo her need boo. I don dunno, but I could reach out to some people and See. I bet you can. Thank you Lauren. Jess, you got some positivity for the people. Absolutely. Always believe in yourself. 'cause even when you don't think you know something, you be knowing When you don't. All right, I got you. Like me, nobody, I, I thought I made up medical racism. Right, right. But then somebody called in like, no, it's been actually going on all around the country for years and years and years.


So it's like, dang, I ain't even know that I knew that, but I knew that the whole time. I just, you know. So believing yourself at the end of the day. There you go. All right y'all, y'all have a good weekend Breakfast Club bitches. Y'all finish or y'all done? Listen to me. This is Charlamagne to God talking. If you're not on Prime, you're missing out prime's. Not just fast free delivery, although that is definitely a big perk. It's a collection of excellent services that help you get more outta whatever passions you're into or getting into. Like right now, I am really getting into past life regression therapy and there's so many books about it on Prime. So you can order books with Prime or even listen to content on Amazon Music. Whether you're binge watching the latest on Prime video, listening to music on Amazon music, or getting those last minute gifts dropped at your door with Prime, same day free delivery with Prime customers, get closer to what they care about.


Whatever you are into, it's all on Prime. Visit amazon.com/prime now. Life is an act of constant reinvention that's true for you and for cause. Nissan Reimagined the all new kicks around you. The Bowles Personal plus sound system with speakers in the headrest keeps you in the groove while the Nissan Safety Shield 360 technologies keep you safe. If Nissan reinvented the kicks, you can reinvent yourself. Drive the all new Reimagined Nissan Kicks today. Available Features compatible device service and consumer activation of Nissan Connect Services. Package required use only when safe and legal subject to third party service availability. For more information, see Nissan usa.com/connect/legal. Apple CarPlay is a trademark of Apple Link. Intelligent all-wheel drive cannot prevent collisions or provide enhanced traction in all conditions. Always monitor traffic and weather conditions. This Is surely strawberry from the Steve Harvey morning show.


Toyota has been building a legacy of excellence for years. From developing hybrid technology to upping the standards of safety and efficiency. Toyota is always innovating, always making progress, and with a superior lineup of in stock SUVs, including the adventure Ready, RAV4 and capable, affordable Corolla cross, you can experience the legacy of Toyota for yourself. Visit buy a toyota.com, the official website for deals to find out more. Toyota, let's go places. Residents at BrightView, senior living communities enjoy enhanced possibilities, independence and choice. BrightView Dallas Corner in Herndon and BrightView Great Falls offer vibrant senior, independent living, assisted living and memory care services through various daily programs and cultural events.


Chef prepared meals, safety and security, transportation resorts to amenities, and high quality care. Everything you need is here. Discover more@brightviewseniorliving.com. Equal housing opportunity.