
You're listening To an iHeartPodcasts Meetings, deadlines, emails. Don't you wish you could escape the chaos? That's where the all new Nissan Murano comes in with available features like the relaxing misogyny seats to ease stress, and the beautiful skyline views that bring in natural light. It's like cruising in your personal oasis. And if you need to set a vibe, 64 colors of personalized lighting and a bowls premium sound system. Have you covered? Hands down. The all new Nissan Murano is your stress-free getaway. Sometimes the greatest rush isn't rushing at all. Drive the all new Nissan Murano today. Panoramic, moonroof, ambient lighting, bows and massaging. Leather appointed seats are optional features.


Taking Control of your career is empowering. Just don't tell my boss I said that. Just kidding. I am the boss. This is Carlos Miller from the 85 South Show.


And building a career isn't just about a job. It's about creating a path that impacts our community and future generations. Whether you're starting out or even making big moves, State Farm is here to support you with resources to help protect what you're working hard to achieve. They've got your back every step of the way because like a good neighbor State Farm is there. Find out more at State Farm dot com.


KFC, chicken and waffles, fresh juicy chicken and rich waffles with syrup. It's the kind of sweet and savory order that will make people stop whatever they're doing and stare in envy. So as you dig into your mouth, ordering original recipe chicken and warm waffles, or dip them in your syrup. Try not to eat near people. Crossing the street, driving cars, handling heavy objects or operating heavy machinery, you know, for their safety. KFC Chicken and Waffles is the order people are gonna envy. KFC Is finger licking good?


Okay. Have you heard about this? Last year the green changed the formula for their cool rush deodorant. Their fans rebelled and wanted the old scent back and degree. Listen, that doesn't happen often. They admitted they effed up and are bringing the original cool Rush sent back. Now it's exactly how you remember it. Cool. Crisp and fresh. It's the reason it's the number one men's antiperspirant and it's back in Walmart, target and other stores now for under $4. So try it and see what the fuss is about. Head to your local Walmart or Target to try the OG degree. Cool. Rush for yourself.


Good morning. USA Yo. Yo. Yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo, yo yo. Just hilarious. Good morning. Charlemagne the guy. Peace to the planet. Guess what day it is? Guess what day it is? Home Day. Good morning. How y'all feel out there? I feel blessed Black and highly favored. Happy to be here another day to serve our beautiful listeners. I know that police in New York City are happy that they didn't have to clean up the streets last night. I know that they're happy that they didn't have to, you know, break up no fights, you know, disperse any crowds They lost, you know? Oh, wow. I know they're happy about that. It's Not over yet. It's not over. It's not. It's not. No. I thought that. Okay.


No, no, no. So how many more Times they have to lose for it to be over? One more time. Oh, one more. They'll get another one. We'll get a win in in the garden. They, they'll get another one. Do they play Tonight? No, they play Thursday. Okay. Thursday. Thursday play. Thursday. Yeah. Tomorrow you'll get another one. Jeez. Yeah. They lost last night. Wasn't a great game, but it's okay. Damn. It's okay. The score. Was It too bad off? Like was it like a blowout Or what? We lost by nine, Right? Yeah. Lost by nine. Wasn't really, wasn't that close though. Yeah, but it, it didn't look good for the Knicks last night. They, they didn't play well. They should have won. Game won. But it's okay. We'll, we'll, we'll shake it up. Timbo do. Just got a, I think he has to, to coach a little differently. Make sure Timbo Just gotta coach a little differently. Players gotta play a little differently. Yeah, exactly. Because The first game we were up, what, 14 with, with two minutes left.


We shouldn't have lost that game. Like that was coaching. Right? We could say that. That was coaching. Then he decided to take out Josh Hart, who's a, a shooting guard. He plays a shooting guard position. A point guard position. But he's the heart of the team. Yeah. And he can't do everything. Exactly. He's the heart of the team. He's the one, You know what I be Noticing? He's the one that does everything. So, You know what I be noticing? The players be hitting shots. The pacers be hitting shots in the Knicks. Be missing him. That's what I noticed about the game. Oh My. That was last night. That was last night. You can't do nothing with that. You can't do nothing with that. But it is what it is. So, anyway, let's get the show cracking. Humble. The poet will be joining us this morning. Yes. Humble's one of my, you know, I like, I like reading a lot of humble's books. He has a new book out called Unanxious. Okay. Yes. Unanxious. 50 Simple Truths to Help Overthinkers Feel Less Stress and to Feel More Calm.


Okay. So we're gonna be kicking in with Humble the Poets. Yes. And it is still Mental Health Awareness Month. So that's a good guest to have on this this morning. Yes. Yes. Alright. And then we got Front page News next. I'm sure she'll be breaking down everything that's going on, so don't go anywhere. It's The Breakfast Club. Good morning. Morning everybody. It's djj. Nv Jess. Hilarious. Charlemagne the guy. We are The Breakfast Club. Let's get in some front page news. Like Charlemagne mentioned earlier, the Knicks did lose last night. 1 21, 1 30. Now tonight the Minnesota takes on OKC at 8:30 PM The Thunder Lease that Series three one. What's up, Morgan? Hey y'all. Hey. Good morning. Happy home. How you feeling? Good. Less black and highly faed.


How you I'm good. I love to hear it. All right. So first on front page, president Trump says, Russian president Vladimir Putin is playing with fire. It follows his criticism of the Kremlin on Sunday for it tax made on Ukraine, where the US is attempting to broker a ceasefire. Now Russian drones and missiles bombarded more than two dozen cities across Ukraine over the weekend. The Kremlin responded to the criticism Monday citing emotional overload at this very important moment. So again, I will keep you guys posted on those relations, well relations or lack thereof between President Trump and Russian President Vladimir Putin. It seems like things are escalating just A bit. As I said yesterday, those two egos could be the end of civilization as we know it.


And the way they all are just casually governing through social media and casually discussing World War ii. And nuclear war is baffling to me. And people just throw those words around like they're nothing. Right? Do you understand countries discussing World War III and nuclear war should be the only thing the media is talking about. Like I saw North Korea say yesterday that the US golden dome risk, outer space, nuclear war, and China's mad about it and Russia's mad about it. And everybody's just going on about their day. Like it's nothing. Yeah. 'cause what else we gonna do? Cry. And the words of Rihanna. Anyways, hey, meanwhile, the war between President Trump and Harvard is also escalating. Now the Trump administration is set to cancel the remaining Harvard Federal contracts worth about a hundred million dollars.


Now the department, the head of the Department of Justice antisemitism task Force, Leo Terrell, says, this is nothing new. Let's take a listen to his comments. This is gonna be a battle in the courtroom. If it goes all the way to the Supreme Court, Trump is going to do that. We have tolerated antisemitism for the last four years and basically the Trump administration, and thank goodness President Trump is in office Harris, he's not gonna tolerate it. Yeah. So that's Leo Terrell, the head of the Department of Justice antisemitism task force. Now the move comes as the White House has accused Harvard of not doing enough to end antisemitism on campus. It also accuses the University of Racial Discrimination in its admissions process while hiring.


Imagine that. So I'm just wondering, you know, if you're pro-Palestinian, does that automatically make you anti-Semitic? Because we've long time said that if you're pro-black, that doesn't mean that you're anti-white. So I'm just curious to see you guys thoughts on that. But it depends who You ask. Yeah, That's just depends who you ask. Like, you know, yes, I do agree with you that just because you're, you know, pro anything doesn't mean you're anti anything or against anything, right? Yeah. But there are some people who are pro something that are completely against, you know, the other side. So A lot, right? And a lot of this comes after, you know, there have been protests on the campus, you know, pro-Palestinian protests and things of that nature. So that, you know, it's like if you're pro-Palestinian in this administration, it means that you're anti-Semitic.


Or at least that's what it seems. Anyways, the Trump administration is also halting student visas in interviews. For now, reports say the decision comes as the administration considers requiring foreign students to undergo social media screening. Imagine that the outlet said, US embassies and counselors sections are being ordered to put a hold on, scheduling new interviews. A cable signed by Secretary of State, Marco Rubio and dated Tuesday said, further guidance is anticipated in the coming days. Details about what the possible social media vetting would screen for were not provided. So let's end actual interviews and let's do it through social media in terms of what, who should and should not be in this country in regards to student visas.


And Elon Musk says he is disappointed with President Trump's so-called big beautiful. Bill must said these comments in a preview of an interview that's set to air this weekend on CBS Sunday morning, that he was disappointed to see the massive spending bill because he feels that it undermines the work that the Doge team is doing now. It passed the house last Thursday, and this big beautiful bill extends the tax cuts brought on by President Trump in his first term in 2017, as well as boost border and deportation funding. So Elon Musk is getting a little bit of a taste there, but that's your front page. I'm, I'm glad Elon Musk said that too. You know what, Emini here, don't treat Trump the way Democrats treated Biden and act like you don't see what we all see.


When something is wrong, call it out. Well, that was a soundbite. So let's, you know, let's see what else he had to say in that interview. It is set to air again this weekend on CBS Sunday morning, Elon Musk. Yeah. We'll, well, speaking on He, he's saying what we were all saying, like when we saw, you know, all of the money that was in the big beautiful bill that us, to us, that was wasteful spending. So I'm like, I'm like that you created those to cut wasteful spending. But that's how it should be. We put a bunch of wasteful spending in this Bill, but that's how it should be. We should be checking people when we don't agree. Right. When we agree, we agree, but when we disagree, we should be able to say it, not have any penalty on it. Correct. That's, That's absolutely right, Andy. That's right. Alright y'all, so that's your front page news for 6:00 AM at 7:00 AM Stick around. We will talk about this mall shooting in Connecticut.


And we, and transportation. Transportation is a mess. We'll talk more about it at seven. Alright, everybody else get it off your chest. 805 8 5 1 0 5 1 if you need to vent. Phone lines are wide open. Again, 805 8 5 1 0 5 1. It's The Breakfast Club. Good morning. The Breakfast Club. It's a new day. This is your time to get it off your chest. Wake up whether you're mad or Blessed, it's time to get up and get something. Call Up now. Eight five eight five one oh five one. We wanna hear from you on The Breakfast Club. Hello. Who's this? Yo, good morning. This, this, this is five eight Swift. How y'all Doing? Swift? What up? Get off your chest Man.


And I had to call and throw it in your face man. Pause. You knew Your next may be going home, man. Y'all may be holding on man. A little ugly last night. I don't think y'all stand a chance to fight back and get a win against these pacers. Hey, anything can happen happen. Anything can happen. Anything can happen. They'll get one more. It'll be Pacers in six. Nah, Be Nixon. Nah, Nah, the Pacers. The Pacers win Next game. And if the Pacers don't win next game. Remember my name. I send breakfast up there to everybody on the show. If the Pacers don't win this next game. No, I think, I think it'll be Pacers and six I think. I think they'll, I think the Knicks will get one in the garden. Knicks is seven. But see I like breakfast, so yeah, make sure you keep that. There You go. There you go.


Goodbye. Swift. Yeah. Hello. Who's this? This Is Jay bro, it's from Bama. Jay Boy, what up? What's going on y'all? Good morning, Charlamagne. Jess Vy. What's Up bro? Good morning. Good Morning. I'm trying to figure out when y'all gonna head down south to the deep south, bro, because y'all talk about Howard and Hampton a lot, but I don't get no love from Alabama state and a and m. So I'm trying to figure out when y'all come to Alabama. I did a car show out in Alabama, brother. How long ago was that? Two years ago. Two years ago. Man, a lot has changed. Two Years ago, years ago. I go to a different market every year. This year we going to Virginia and New Jersey. Last year we did, I can't remember. And the year before that we did Alabama. I'm from, yeah, It's time to come on back during homecoming seasoning, Bro.


I don go to homecoming out there all the Time. I'm gonna be, I'm gonna be home for South Carolina State homecoming. That's, its deepest. I'm going, Oh man, come on now. You gotta gotta see the women, the food, everything. First of all, of all, I don't need to be seeing no women. That's number one. I am a happily married man. I don't need to see no women. Okay. All right. But I will be at South Carolina State homecoming this year and salute To Spokes and Vogues in my family out in Alabama too. We play Savannah State on October 4th. Okay, gotcha, gotcha, gotcha. Well one last thing. I'm a truck driver and the last time I was on the show I couldn't really blow the horn because I was in a residential area. So I wanted to go ahead and do that for y'all this morning. There You go. Hey, you don't gotta do it for me, do it for envy. Please do it for me.


Go Ahead. Go ahead and blow. Hey you go blow envy. Hey, pause. Have a good one brother. Alright, have a good One. Yes sir. Y'all Didn't enjoy that on the road when y'all used to drive and Yes, you see the truck driver And I, a kid I and you that And I and They actually do it. Absolute yes, but see Charlamagne didn't get out the hood until he was a little older. Oh, you're right. Oh Yeah. Just loved it so much. She married a truck driver period. You know what I'm saying? Yes. Shut up. Jasmine loved it so much. He married a truck driver. Get it off your chest. 805 8 5 1 0 5 1. If you need to vent, hit us up now. It's The Breakfast Club. Good morning. The Breakfast Club.


This is your time to get it off your chest. Keep Calling. 805 8 5 1 0 5 1. We wanna hear from you on The Breakfast Club. Hello? Who's this? Yo, what's good? Envy? It's your brother outta sight man. What's up Charlamagne Outta outta sight. Peace my guy. How you Man? Everything is gorgeous out here man. Working hard, you know, just doing what I do man. Yes sir. I got a new joint for you, Charlamagne. What you got? Yo, look, I went down to the Diddy trial. Right. Oh boy. You know, just walking around down there, I put out a new song. It's called Diddy Do It. Right. Okay. Song is on YouTube right now. I film the video down at the trial, you know I got a lot of footage down there. And it's by your brother out of sight.


O-U-T-T-A-S-I-T-E. Okay, so it's called Did Doit. What is it based on? Is it based on actual evidence from the courtroom or stuff that you're hearing on YouTube? Well, it's based on all of that. Right. But my main message to Diddy is that Dish. Right. Everybody pointing figures and saying stuff about Diddy. I feel like God is dealing with Diddy right now and God is trying to humble Diddy. So I made a song about it. It's not even really a this song, it's a song to make him aware that God is trying to talk to him right now. And he needs to repent. That's what he needs. He needs to hear that. You know what I'm saying? Because sitting in that jail cell ain't enough. He need to hear outta sight rap about it. You know what Emini here sitting, sitting in that jail cell facing life, being away from his kids and all of that stuff.


That ain't gonna do it. That ain't gonna make him see what's going on outta you need outta sight to rap about. Give us, give us a little bit. Let us hear a little bit outta sight. Go Bad boy. Bad boy. What you going to do when they put you in a cell and refuse to give you a bell? 'cause you was walking around like GOD, now you just another dude up at MDC. All of a sudden your ass want mercy and grace. 'cause your pride was too big to keep the faith. You pray for Donald Trump to erase the case. It is what it is. You better call Pastor Mace every pit. The Lord about to take every dollar, every cent, every house, every cartel. Both knees been, you probably get your jail self. Think about Kim here. Getting great body, getting thin caught up in the spiritual war. You can't win unless you open up your heart of you.


Let the Lord in. I'm praying for the victims allegedly waiting for the trial of the century. Ooh. Okay. Sight. And I see you got a visual on YouTube too. That's right. It a visual on YouTube right now. It's called Diddy Do it. That DDY do it. What's the remix Outta sight When he gets convicted? What's gonna be the remix? Oh, I'm gonna do the old, I'm gonna do the old joy from the, from the Fat Boys. You know what I'm saying? You know, in jail. I'm in jail without no bail. We gonna take it back. Okay. Okay. Have a good one, brother. He got this planned out. Yeah, he do. He done. Hello, who's this? You're an idiot. Hey Man, this is Jalen calling from PG County Maryland.


Jaylee Jalen from Maryland. Shout out to DMV. What's up brother? Jay? Jaylen. Jaylen. Okay. Jalen Jaylen. What's up? Nah Man, I'm just calling him for, first of all, to say good morning to The Breakfast Club. Good morning. Good morning. But I just wanted to get off my chest and say, you know, with all this bad news we've been getting in in society recently, you know, we got a win for the, for the brothers in the black community. I just wanted to say for all the good fathers out there, the system is changing. If you really want your kids go to court, fight for your kids. And this is the first time in my life I had to go to court and tell the whole truth and nothing but the truth.


And I got my kids and now my baby mother's staying me Child support. Oh, congratulations. Congratulations brother. Congratulations man. I'm happy to hear that. Rightfully So. That's the way it supposed To be. Absolutely. Thank you. Thank you. Have a good one, brother. I just wanted to say one more thing for you guys. Go ahead. Respectfully. Respectfully. This is for Charlemagne, man. We gotta let Lauren LaRosa get through her segment. We gotta stop cutting her off and let Lauren get through her segment. She's sitting in here right now. Good morning. Good morning, Lauren. Lauren gets through her segment just fine. You Does she get through her segment just fine? Yes she does. We be, I, me and my wife, we listen every morning and we be like, man, why don't, why Charlotte keep cutting her off?


Why can't she get through her segment? Because I be having questions just like y'all be having questions. You know, you got the slow frame to chat. Who don't ever remember the plans y'all made l Lauren Bee at the court and don't remember what she just saw when she walked out. No. Sometimes she Be ready fire off on Charla. We just look At her wrong. So sometimes she be distracting our damn. So. Well we do have the latest with Lauren coming up. What are we talking about? Look At that. She kk come on cce. Oh no, no. Let her go. No, no, I'm sorry. Get, get a listen to what they want. Go ahead. Go ahead Cce. So yesterday in court, Capricorn Clark took the stand and when I say she was the most compelling witness I've heard this whole trial. Really whole trial. Didn't I tell You that though?


Y'all Diddy is, if I'm predicting he's not coming home at all S That that was the nail in the coffin capital Clark. Didn't I tell You that though? You did tell me that. I've been telling y'all that. I'm trying to, well, let's break it down. When we come back, this is a tease. We'll get to it when we come back. 'cause I wanna know everything. And who is for people that don't know, A former personal assistant, former marketing person for Sean John. She's like worked with Diddy at ex an executive level for some time, for some years. Mm. Okay. All right. We'll get to that next. So don't go anywhere. It's The Breakfast Club. Good morning, The Breakfast Club Morning everybody. It's DJ Envy, Jess, Hilarious. Charlamagne the guy. We are The Breakfast Club.


Let's get to the latest with Lauren. Lauren becoming with Straight Fish off. She gets them from somebody that knows somebody. Well, she gets into details. I'm the home girl that knows a little bit about everything And she be having the latest on the latest with Lauren la. Sometimes you have facts, sometimes you have details. Sometimes she have a little bit of everything. Well, it's the latest on The Breakfast Club. Talk, talk to me Man. Yesterday, y'all Diddy's team messed up with Capricorn Clark on the stand. So she, Capricorn Clark, they, they went through a lot of things and she was able to fill in context with a lot of things and we'll get to that. But the biggest mess up for me was they The people who Capricorn Clark is Capricorn Clark is a previous personal assistant of Diddy's.


She also came back to work for Diddy as like a head of marketing of some sort for Sean John. She's had a few different roles because she's worked for him off and on since like 2011. But yes, so she's on a scene, they're running through like, you know, the Kid Cudi story, which she told a different story. They, they Suge Knight, which she tells a different story, the lie detector test. And then they, the defense did, these team is trying to make the point of, okay, like all of this stuff happened. And you say that, you know, your experience allegedly was so gruesome and like, you know, you alleged that you were kidnapped by gun and all these things. But let's go down the timeline of you wanting to work with Diddy again after all of these things. So you leave and, or you're terminated around like after 2012, she alleges that she was terminated because she finally took a vacation.


They asked her, did he seem, asked her, well where were you on vacation? She's like, I was in the South France with Rihanna. And they're like, okay, they're trying to paint the picture like you had a really good lifestyle. You just want that back. And you didn't get that back allegedly. And I, that's why you're here. And I, that's why you're doing all, all these things. And she's like, you know, I, they show, they bring up an email to show that she was in conversations about being upset, that they were upset that she took this vacation. She says she gets back and she was terminated. Now after this happened, she says that she was unable to find consistent good work at all. She's alleging that Diddy blackballed her. She says that at one point she went and sat down in a meeting with Jimmy Ivin who told her like, look, this is supposed to be a meeting about a allegedly supposed to be a meeting about a job opportunity.


But I'm here to tell you to leave that Diddy stuff alone. Like, 'cause she had came out and said, Hey these, this is what happened to me. She had filed civil suit. She was going to take legal action. And she says that people were coming to her telling her not to do it. She alleges Jimmy Iovine. She also says that Andre Harrell and Diddy pulled up on her at one point at the ca CA, a meeting that she was having. But that conversation set like a a a foundation of she couldn't get work. She couldn't get work. So Diddy's team now is trying to prove that like Diddy had nothing to do with that. You just weren't able to get work. So they're like, wait, we're gonna show you this recommendation letter that he wrote for you in just as recent as 2021.


Yeah. They bring up the letter and they're like, you know, Ms. Clark, can you take a look at this letter, refresh your memory so we can have a conversation about it. She looks and she's like, that's not from 2021, that's from 2012. And the defense attorney like, stopped. So we all like, I'm just like, well, maybe they got the dates wrong, whatever. And then the defense attorney, mark Aglio says, again, no, take a look at this letter. This is a, a recommendation letter that you know, Mr. Combs wrote for you in 2021. Again, they're trying to say to her, there's no way you were blackballed, allegedly if he's this letter, right, exactly. Right. And she's like, no, this letter is from 2012. This is from the settlement that happened between us and 2012. Now we all in the court like settlement. Boom, look at y'all. What the mean? What was the, Tell me what the settlement Was.


So the settlement there was, she had, she had claimed that she was, you know, blackballed. She couldn't work. She had, she was so stressed from work that she was losing hair and all these things, right? And in it amounted to her not having a job. She alleges that her home was taken, you know, she wasn't able to provide for herself. Right? Her, her son, who was autistic, she wasn't able to provide for her son. So she was like, I need something I, I'm trying to get my life back. But the settlement basically was that they, her, they came together, her and entity allegedly agreed that they wouldn't go anywhere and disparage each other as long as, you know, she was settled out. But a part of that settlement was she asked for the recommendation letter to happen because she wanted to be able to work. So She knew where that letter was coming from. So the defense had it wrong.


Oh, not only did she know where it was coming from, when she clarified what Didi's attorney she said, I wrote, they said, well look at the bottom of that letter. Isn't that Mr. Combs signature? She said, yeah, but I wrote this letter. Jesus. So how much was, how much did she get? Did they Say they, we, they asked, they were trying to figure out whether she could say it on the stand or not. And we didn't, we didn't find out. But they, they, we tried to get to, they tried to get to it a couple times. And then what Did the prosecution do after that? The prosecution after that came back in and said, oh, okay, well now that it's been introduced, right, that the settlement happened, the door is open, let's have a conversation about, you know, that time period in your life. Oh my gosh. She was already breaking down because the defense was pushing and pushing and pushing. Yeah.


And it worked to the prosecution's favor. 'cause she literally broke down at, but the prosecutors are like, well let's get into it. Because they also brought up this meeting that she had in April, 2024. This is after the, the raids had happened and all that stuff. Right? And the, the defense tried to make it seem like, again, this is you just trying to come back and work for Puff and why would you do that? You know, you're willing to stand beside him after all these things have happened. But you got, you, you had these claims and all the settlement or whatever prosecution's, like, please explain why you wanna do that meeting. She's y when I tell y'all she's bawling in tears and we're all just like, wow. She's like, look, I felt like basically it was better to be an ally than to be against him. I had come out, I made the claims that I made, I, you know, we figured out this settlement.


I went through so much since 2012 trying to get my life back. So when there was a conversation between my attorneys and the defense attorneys about coming back in April, 2024, because basically they were trying to allegedly fix things. Like they wanted to figure out how they could restructure Diddy because everything was happening, the raids and all this stuff. So they wanted to use her as like the defense says, she suggested, Hey,


What up y'all? It's DJ Envy. The first few months of 2025 have been quite a year. Work deadlines, group chats, you can't escape. And your weird cousin's latest overshare. It's a lot. But here's some good news. You don't have to bring that stress into your car. The all new Nissan Murano is your piece on wheels, thanks to its available features. Imagine sliding into the relaxing, massaging seats that feel like they were made to melt your tensions. Taking the skyline views that let sunlight pour in and watches as your day brightens. I have a special playlist that always gets me right. And with the Bows premium sound system, you too can vibe like you're at your own private concert. Plus with your 64 color personalized lighting option, you can set the mood any way you want. Be it romantic chill, or in a straight up do not disturb mode. Let the Nissan Murano be your oasis in a chaotic world because sometimes the greatest rush isn't rushing at all. Drive the all new Nissan Murano today. Panoramic, moonroof, ambient lighting, bows and massaging. Leather appointed seats are optional features.


At and t has a new guarantee because most things in life are not guaranteed. Like actually getting the rental call you requested or your wedding turning out just like you dreamed it would. And someone making another pot of coffee in the break room after drinking the last drop of the last one. Yeah, don't get me started. Not guaranteed. In The World where nothing is guaranteed at and t is bringing something new to the table. At t is introducing a guarantee with connectivity, you depend on deals you want and service you deserve or they make it right. So if you wanna know more about the at t guarantee, head to att.com/guarantee. At t connecting changes, everything, terms and conditions apply. Visit att.com/guarantee for details.


Peace to the planet Charlamagne. Tha God here, look, we all make mistakes, but owning up to them is the right thing to do. You know, degree cool rush deodorant. Well, last year they changed the formula and it did not go over well with their fans degree's. Whole thing is it turns up the sweat and odor protection when you turn up the effort and good thing it does because cool Rush fans really turned up the effort to bring back the original formula. One guy even started an online petition and degree. Listen, they admitted they effed up and are bringing the original cool rush scent back and it's exactly how you remember it. Cool, crisp and fresh. It's back in Walmart, target and other stores now for under $4. There's a reason why it's been the number one men's anti Puma for the last decade. It's the same reason why people were not happy when it changed. So if you never tried it, it might be a good time to see what the fuss is about. Head to your local Walmart or Target to try to OG degree. Cool rush for yourself.


What Up y'all? It's DJ Envy from The Breakfast Club, chicken and Waffles. Has there ever been a better combination? I don't think so. And nobody does chicken like KFC with their 11 herbs and spices. So you know, the KFC chicken and waffles are going to be good, right? I'm talking about crispy juicy chicken and rich waffles with syrup, sweet and savory. Perfection. But this could create some problems Emini here. It's the kind of dish that makes people just stare in envy. It's distractingly delicious. So beware of eating in front of anybody else. Or they might just stop whatever they're doing while they're drooling over these things. The World could come to a standstill, nothing will get done. KFC ought to put out a warning on their chicken and waffles danger may cause extreme envy. It's a matter of public productivity. It's also a matter of public deliciousness, you know, anytime of the day. Because this is some tasty chicken and waffles here. What I'm saying, this is the order people are gonna envy. So be safe out there. All right. KFC chicken and waffles is here. Get them for $7. It's finger licking. Good prices on participation may vary while supplies last. Taxes, tips and fees extra.


It's she, the prosecution brought outta her that it was a conversation that was brought to her. She just entertained it. That she would basically be like, I'm the woman who's been here since 20 10, 20 11, 20 11, 20 12. Known him since 2004. Basically, if I'm still here and I'm sitting beside him and I'm running all these things And I know, I know the original formula, the businesses will still be able to go. But also it's a good look because all of these claims are from this time period where I was around, why would I stand next to him in such a big way? And she's like, I only entertained that because I wanted my life back. I literally lost everything allegedly. And like man, she talked About and in response to that referral letter that she wrote and Didi signed, they wouldn't even have bought in the settlement if it wasn't for that, right?


No. That wouldn't even Have came up in Court. I don No, the the, You never known that. Did he settle with her back Then the, the prosecution even it was mentioned like they briefly were like mentioning the things and like, kind of like there was so much that they were getting to, 'cause she was able to paint the picture of so many different things. But us being able to have the conversation about that recommendation letter, finding out that she wrote the letter, finding out that that was a part of the settlement, finding out that it was a part of the settlement because basically she was trying to make where she could work again. All of that came because Diddy's attorney introduced it and he thought, he thought that he was proving something recent and it backfired. Then she started talking about even being able to Chris Lighty. She brought up Chris Lighty. Right? But, But let me ask you a question. What part of the trial is that?


What he's charged with? Because it wasn't kidnapping. She part of the kidnapping, right? Because she didn't get to that yet. I didn't Did she do she the the, the kidnapped, she alleges that she was kidnapped by gunpoint and taken to kid Cutty's house and that she was made to stay in the car while they allegedly chased kid Cudi through the Hollywood Hills. Kid Cudi didn't tell us that there was a chase. Yeah, crazy. She alleges that she was overworked and underpaid causing like physical change to her body and mental stress. She alleges that he, Diddy used his power to basically strip her of everything her home allegedly was being paid for by him, her car, everything was taken from her the minute that she started complaining about things that she saw because she had witnessed the Diddy and Cassie physically get into it and they tried to paint her as this like, love struck.


I had a crush on Diddy. I was jealous of Cassie. And she broke down crying and she said I wasn't jealous of Cassie. I was upset that he basically, he, he messed up the program. He let this woman come in, mess up everything. And my life depends on this. My stakes are higher Now. Didn't she say something like he didn't stop Cassie's career. Cassie stopped her own career. 'cause she wasn't talented. Cassie is not, she is not the the the biggest Cassie fan at all. Me. And you was not on replay. She basically said that she felt like Cassie was given all of these resources and didn't deserve them because she was Emini here. She got by and she sung a little bit. Like, you know, that was cute. But yeah, she said that, you know, she wasn't like a she ain't know Whitney Houston. She Wasn't a star. Yeah.


Heard The whole world know that. That's how you know she's an honest witness. Yeah, definitely honest. And It wasn't hating. She was literally being honest. But That's the best honest 'cause she, she was, she's there for herself. Last question. You, you was messing with Chris Lighty and Chris Lighty died. And, and if you don't know who Chris Lighty is, Chris Lighty used to manage, started a, a company with Mona Scott Violator with the name of the company. They managed Missy Busta Rhymes 50 cent at one time. Norie at one time, and a host of others. So what happened with Chris Lighty, She was talking about trying to get her life back and get a job at, when we were having a conversation about that recommendation letter. And they said at one point she mentioned at one point she had gotten a job offer from Chris Lighty. And then like the day before she was about to start day of he died and then she broke down crying again.


How did he die? Suicide. Suicide Alleged. Suicide. Suicide. Suicide. Yeah. Right. Suicide. But yes. So, But they didn't believe that. 'cause a lot of people said they didn't believe it was suicide. They thought maybe something else happened. But did that come up at all? No, she didn't. That was, it was just a mention of her telling a story about how she was meeting with all these big names and people were trying to look out for. But then there were people who were like, no, we're not looking out for you. We're not touching you. Wow. All right. Well that is the latest with Lauren. All right, we got more next hour now. Who's, who's on trial today? Who's talking today? Today they're gonna talk to Cassie. What witness? Stylist. His name is Deontay. They're also gonna talk to an arson investigator and A-L-A-P-D officer. Okay. All right. When we come back, we got front page news and then home Lippo will be joining us is The Breakfast Club.


Good morning. Morning everybody. It's DJ Envy. Just hilarious. Charlamagne the guy. We are The Breakfast Club. Let's get back in some front page news. Nick fans, we lost last night. Pacers beat us. One 30. 1 21. The next game is tomorrow. But tonight the Timberwolves and OKC, the Thunder lead, the series three won. That game happens at eight 30. You know, you was talking earlier about coach and the, the one thing I don't understand is why the K Nicks keep trying to run with the paces. That's like, why don't they, they don't, they don't slow the pace of the game down and play half court basketball. You they can't run with the paces. No, not at all. Not at all. I Sorry. Call Anthony Times. Call times look like he got 49-year-old knees. Yeah, running back and forth is real difficult. And the crazy part is, I, I feel like the Knicks are always on the floor.


Like they always Well, yeah, they, they, they don't have a, they don't go deep at all. Like they might rotate seven players, But they've been going a little deeper. Pause. Pause. They go Deep. Paul, you said they going deeper. Y'all got two different stories and the little pause, pause, pause. Good morning, Morgan. Yeah. So man connected to a mall shooting in Connecticut is now in custody as five people recover from their injuries. Now shots rang out yesterday afternoon at the Brass Mill Center in Waterbury, Connecticut after an argument escalated. Now police say the gunman believed to be in his twenties, used a semi-automatic pistol and fired at multiple people. Waterbury police chief Fernando Spagnolo says there are no deaths and other law enforcement agencies are assisting in the investigation.


Let's take a listen to his comments. Several victims suffering from gunshot wounds. They were all transported to local hospitals. Currently they're being worked on and receiving medical treatment and there are no fatalities at this time. We are working in the mall right now with our law enforcement partners from all the federal agencies. The state police conducting this investigation. Yeah, so following the shooting, there was a massive police response at the Brass Mill Center in Waterbury. Several government agencies have joined the local police with their investigation. And all five victims are expected to survive. Switching gears, the summer travel season has begun this year and there are concerns of airport delays due to shortage of air traffic controllers.


President Trump's transportation secretary, Sean Duffy says he's frustrated too. Adding that the shortage of air traffic controllers is at a critical level and he's trying to get 25 year veterans who are eligible for retirement to stay on the job. Let's take a listen to his comments. In part, We're 3000 short. We've been 3000 short for some time. I love airports, but I don't wanna spend four hours in an airport waiting to see if my flight's gonna take off. We are offering them a 20% bonus up front to stay in the job. Please don't retire. Yeah. So this is mercy, our problem. Mercy. And it's also being, of course you guys know, and you're familiar with what's going on at Newark Liberty Airport, but it's also happening in Texas as well.


The latest FAA data shows that San Antonio's airport is 20% short of their staffing goal. Houston's hobby airport is almost 20% short as well. And just last week, a shortage of air traffic controllers at Austin's airport prompted an FAA, the FAA to issue a ground stop. So more than 150 flights were delayed. Emini here you guys are ripping and running in the sky. So have you noticed any difference as you're traveling as well? Yes. Yes. Absolute. Absolutely. I cannot fly into WRI can't fly out. And when I do try delayed, delayed delayed until it's canceled. Yeah. Well, where was I coming from? I was coming from Orlando and we had to stop in Richmond because there was something going on in Newark.


I think they said the, the radars were out. So we had to stop in Richmond and wait for the radars to come back on in Newark. But you know, here's what I, I don't understand. In early 2025, doge fired, they did mass firings of FAA employees, including aired traffic controllers. Why not just hire those people back? Oh, that part I don't Come back. Yeah. Like if, if I'm transportation secretary Sean Duffy, I'm literally just going to hire those people back. Yeah. Like, as opposed to getting the 20 year vets, 25 year vets to stay on the job. But yeah, no, you Right. It doesn't make any sense. Emini here, I Emini here. I don't know how many of those people exactly were air traffic control workers, but they did do mass firings, you know, of the FAA and a lot of them were air traffic controllers and safety professionals.


Why not just bring those people back? Would They argue that, would the, would the government argue that they don't have the money to pay them? 'cause wasn't that supposedly why they fired them though? Emini here you got, you gotta you gotta, you see what's happening now? Yeah. Certain, to me, those are essential workers. You gotta have the money to pay essential workers. Yeah, absolutely. Yeah. You don't wanna be playing around with that. And to answer your question, I ain't flying into Newark. I would rather fly in the JFK, which takes me extra 45 minutes to an hour or little water. I just don't, I'm scared of The crazy thing about all of those airports now they have less flights. I don't know if y'all have noticed that. Yeah, JFK and LaGuardia. So I had to fly into Philly from Boston. I, 'cause I ain't wanna drive. I had to fly into Philly because, well, I wanted to because it, it just wasn't, it wasn't a lot of 'em, you know how they would have flights leaving every hour when you that close?


Not no more. Damn. All right. And just, you know, keeping in line with the travel, you know, attention. Southwest passengers, Southwest Airlines, that is the final boarding call for free check bags on Southwest. The carrier's popular to bags fly free. Perk is over officially. Now Southwest says the move is being made to drive revenue growth. It's about, it's in about phase four Southwest CEO Bob Jordan who said back in September that having no bags, no bag fees was a huge consumer advantage. But now Southwest is also set to end open seating in the first half of 2026. So we anticipate a lot of changes in the travel and aviation. I asked you guys what you mean earlier this year.


What you mean they stopping open seating? They're not doing musical chairs no more on Southwest? No. Oh, nah. You know how you, you need assigned Seats now? Yeah, you're gonna have to select your seating as well when you, when you purchased your flash. I Think that's better anyway. Yeah, they used to do musical chairs used to walk on, first of all, I I I, I stopped flying Southwest a long time ago just because it's disgusting. I Like Southwest. I don't know what you're talking about, but I like Southwest. But but you get on Southwest and the music starts playing, then when the music starts, everybody gotta try to find their seat. They literally play musical jet. Nuh. Because you know, what People do is is let's say I will pay for to get on first and then I'll get on and then hold a seat next to me for my spouse. Exactly. And I'm like, me and a lady got into an argument. The only time I ever flew Southwest, and that was the last time. Dang. And you Flew your wife on Southwest By myself.


Wife. My wife wasn't Southwest. Damn. I've never flown Southwest because the one, I've never done it. 'cause it just sounded like crazy to me. I think I might've flew it once. You would've Put me On it. I put you on Southwest. Listen, Listen. I child Ain't put me on. It was the only time I was on it. Well, I learned fast. Okay, I will speak up for Southwest. Southwest will get your ass dead. They, they the only airline that got the, the least connecting flights, they'll get your ass straight there. I ain't been on Southwest in a while, but I used to fly Southwest all the Time. I just, I just don't like the, the musical chairs of it all. Yeah. Like that Don't make no sense to me. Everybody just go on there and pick your seat like that. That just sounds like problems. Yeah. We'll make sure you get that early boarding group and then you'll be all right. Check in on time. Well guess what? It's dead.


There's no more. It's over. That's a wrap. Okay. Alright Y'all, that's your front page news. Follow me on socials at Morgan Media and for more news coverage, follow at Black Information Network. Download the free iHeartRadio app. Visit us@bnnews.com. Listen, we have an amazing announcement. I cannot say too much about it right now because we're still under embargo at the seven o'clock hour. But at eight o'clock, make sure y'all check out Black Information Network. We have an amazing, amazing announcement that is gonna break at eight o'clock this morning. So stick around, you know, stick around and y y'all, y'all see it? Maybe y'all talk about it. Okay. Alright. Well thank you Morgan. Thank you. Have a good One. You too. Now. All right. When we come back, humble, the poet will be joining us. You know, he's an author, hip hop artist, speaker designer, filmmaker, creditor, creative consultant.


And he has a new book, unanxious. And we'll talk to him next. It's The Breakfast Club. Good morning. The Breakfast Club. Morning everybody. It's DJ Envy. Just hilarious. Charlemagne ne guy. We are The Breakfast Club. We got a special guest in the building. Yes, indeed. Humble. A poet. He's back. Ladies and gentlemen. New book, unanxious. 50 Simple Truths to Help Overthinkers Feel Less Stress and More Calm. Morning. Good morning. How You feeling? Feeling fantastic. Good. Good, good, good. Easier said than done, but it can be done. As somebody who deals with anxiety, You know what? It's, it, it, it gets harder and harder, but it gets more and more worth it. Yes, I agree.


And we just gotta change the conversation. And I'm realizing that like, step one, stop talking about anxiety. Like it's herpes. Hmm. Like It's herpes. Yeah. I have anxiety. She has anxiety. Anxiety is a normal feeling. Anxiety is a signal. It's like hunger. You don't say I'm hungry. What's wrong with me? You say, I feel hungry because it's been like eight hours since I ate. It's the same thing Mel. Robin said it. You instead of saying I'm anxious, say I feel anxious because yeah, I feel anxious because I got bills to pay. I feel anxious because somebody I like hasn't texted me back. I feel anxious because I drank too many coffees this morning. And it's like no one, the reason allows you to understand the first step instead of looking at ourselves like we're failing because we have this signal and this emotion.


Because when we think we're feeling, we have anxiety, what do we do? We try to distract, we try to medicate, we try to avoid what, What got you to the point where you said you needed a reboot? What got you there with like, this is time. My entire life, I've always just been focusing on freedom. I grew up in an activist space, but also like, I want to be financially free. I don't want to have a day job. I don't want all these things. And then when you start jumping out of these cages, you start realizing the biggest cage you've ever built is the one that you built for yourself. And what we do is we decorate it by, you know, negotiating. We decorate it by using our intelligence. And we start saying, no, no, no, I'm not. I'm not a slave to my habits. I'm not a slave to my impulses. Like I just want to enjoy life. I just want to experience the depths of life and we're just intellectualizing our addiction.


So I realized, I've hit that point in my life where I was like, oh, the biggest cages, the biggest fences that I'm stuck behind are the ones that I built. And I realized like, okay, the basic story is something on the outside needs to happen for me to feel calm and safe on the inside. That's the relationship. All of this anxiety talk is that simple idea. Something on the outside needs to happen for me to feel safe on the inside. Whether that's taking a vape, whether that's drinking alcohol, whether that's having sex, whether that's eating in front of the tv, whether that's taking your phone to the toilet. 'cause for people who take their phone to the toilet, try not to take your phone to the toilet word and you will have an anxiety attack. Hmm. For people, A friend of mine always eats in front of TikTok And I said, try it one time.


Try it one time not to eat with your screen on. They ate half the meal. 'cause we realize we live in a world, in a system that gets very powerful when we're on autopilot. And our autopilot is us outsourcing our stimulation, outsourcing our regulation. We're like, yo, I can only feel safe from things on the outside. I need that just to get to zero. But when you let it all go and you go through this process and it sucks, it sucks. You know what? Emini here, the withdrawal sucks. Then all of a sudden you realize, oh, I can create this dopamine on the inside. Dopamine from the outside hijacks you. Dopamine from the inside builds you. What does an anxiety attack look like? So anxiety, just from a scientific, so I want people to understand this conversation is not philosophical, it's not spiritual, it's not moral.


This conversation is just psychological and biological. So I'm not here to judge anybody's choices. Anxiety is just adrenaline and cortisol. So what happens is the body doesn't know what's happening. The body just knows things are changing. So when the body gets charged, it stinks. There's danger, that's what we call it, fight or flight. But there's more levels. It's called the polyvagal system. You have freeze. So if something intense happens, we just freeze. Don't puts a gun to your face, you've never seen a gun before. You're just gonna freeze. You don't get to choose that. Then there's fight or flight, which now has turned into fight and or scroll. And then we also have safety. And then the new one that's being introduced right now is fawn. Right? So freeze is play, dead fight or flight is runaway or fight fawn is, I'm gonna make you love me.


So this is a big one, especially for men, because men aren't walking into romantic situations thinking about their safety the way women do. Mm. But men have to think about safety and they don't realize when they feel unsafe, which is nervous, they fawn, they get extra charming. And now we're, we're performing. Right? And we have to recognize that. So it took me 15 days of not doing all the big stuff to realize that this is a second layer to this, a third layer, fourth layer, you have to keep going down. So yeah, cool. Performing for beautiful women, but also like my nephew was just here on the weekend visiting. I started performing for him because I wanna be the cool uncle. Mm. That's also fawning. That's also an anxiety. That's me trying to avoid anxious feelings, right? Like the moral of the stories. Feel your feelings and it's going to suck.


Put the phone away, eat the meal. Feel the burn that's about to come. That burn is adrenaline and cortisol. That's what you need to protect your kids. That's what you need to get away from danger. But we're we're getting triggered in moments that aren't physically dangerous anymore. Do you feel Like we take the word anxiety and it's used too much Already? For sure. From what you're saying, it's a natural feeling, right? I'm about to go on stage. There's thousands of people out there. You get a little anxious, but it's not like a lot of us, I, I'm sure some people do, but we don't get that anxious where it's like, oh, I can't go on stage. It's like you get that little feeling and then it's like, all right, I gotta go. And then you just go and do it. But I feel like a lot of times people use the word anxious and anxiety as a such a negative tool. It's like a, a nasty naughty word.


When, when you, when you talk about it sometimes. Absolutely. As I said, we treat it like it's herpes. Like we treat it like it's a condition and only some people have and some people don't. We give it like my anxiety, like it's like it's an individual problem. Anxiety is a society problem. Well, so Many people do have anxiety disorders where they have actually have to take medication. Absolutely. People have anxiety disorders. Yes. But the situation with that is if you have an anxiety disorder, if you're bipolar, if you have any mental health issue, there are still things that we can all do to improve how we feel. I'm not saying we're gonna cure it. I'm not even saying we can reboot and delete our old system, but we can make choices. Simple choices. Get more sleep than you need. Drink more water than you need. Get more sunlight than you need and stay away from that. Which is why knowing the word anxiety is good.


Like I think, I think knowing, knowing the language and knowing what it is you're going through is good because now you can identify it and then you can find cures for it. So the issue with that is, And I, it's kind of like the word woke, right? You said, yeah, like that came from er Badu. Right? Stay woke. And then Childish Gambino made it even More popular out They water. And it meant something and meant be aware and meant be self-aware. Emini here know what's going on. And now it's been weaponized and changed the other way. Someone's an insult now, right? Oh, the woke mob. The woke language changes. That's what happened with mental health. You know, we're all millennials. We remember back, back in the days when you talked about mental health, people thought that meant like insane asylums and straight jackets. Crazy. Then we got to like, okay, things have been normalized.


You don't have to be embarrassed to say that you saw a therapist or something. Now it's gone too far the other way where we treat mental health and we use that language completely incorrectly. We are, we think we have to protect our mental health. Like it's some like crystal flower that like if somebody come near us, we have to protect our peace. We have to protect our mental health. Mental health is just like physical health. So what I'm gonna say is let's, the words have been used up, it's been weaponized. Just like, well let's use mental fitness. 'cause you don't say when it comes to your physical health, well I'm not gonna climb these stairs 'cause gravity's gonna make it harder. It is like, no, the only way that you can climb stairs just to keep climbing it. We have machines in the gym just for you to climb stairs when you don't even need to climb stairs.


Why? To prepare you for the times that you have to, we out here dead lifting, lifting heavy weights. The heavier the weight, the more we know the workout mattered. So then when our friends ask us to move a couch, and again, if you're over 30, stop asking your friends to help you move a couch. But when you're ready to do it, because you are voluntarily putting yourself in uncomfortable situations. We don't have that for our mental health. We don't have mental fitness training. We're not voluntarily putting ourselves in uncomfortable mental situations. So we get stronger. Instead we're like, I gotta protect my peace. No, your peace protects you. You don't protect your mental health. Your mental health protects you. Just like your physical health protects you. You wanna be able to pick up your kids. So you go to the gym, you don't say, my kids are heavy. Gravity keeps holding them down.


I wish we lived on the moon. It'll be lighter. No, you're like, I gotta go to the gym for longer and longer. I can hold my kids up to the point where I'm going to the gym just so I can open a jar when I'm 80. We're still Kicking it when Humble La Poet, his new book Unanxious is out right now, Jess. Alright. Interviews give me anxiety. Like, they used to give me ex like I love meeting people and all that, but I never know what I wanna ask. You get what I'm saying. So, but I can't just not do it. This is my job. Like I can't just not do it. So I have to face it head on and both of them gimme tips. They, you know, men mentor me with it as well. And I'm getting better at it. I'm not as good as I feel like I wanna be or I should be. But it's still, I still get anxiety doing interviews, you know, just, just being as transparent as I can be.


But it doesn't bother me as much as it used to. But sometimes, depending on the person or whatever, I'm like, yo, I'd be like, no, yo, I, I ain't trying to do this. Lauren step in or whatever. You know what Emini here, she's our other co. But I like, how would you treat that? Or how would you give me advice for That? Yeah, you're, you're illustrating the point. You're illustrating the point perfectly and in the beginning, 'cause you're new to this, you know, especially in comparison to folks that have been doing it for like over a decade. Yeah. Your body's like, this is new, this is uncomfortable. I don't want to do it. That's generally what the, the body's saying, the body, the amygdala, the little tiny almond sized part of our brain is just like, I don't know what this is. It's gotta be danger. Right? So this is what your body's saying to you. And the only way, and this, and this is the reason that this, this has to go beyond this book.


We can hear these ideas, but the only way the body can actually believe this is through practice. And the only reason you're getting less and less anxious feelings around the interviews is by doing more and more interviews. Yeah. Now, if you're just like, this don't feel good. I'm never gonna do it. Lemme go find a different job. Let me go, you know, do something else. So I don't wanna feel this. Now you're robbing yourself of resilience, right? Who you're gonna be a year from now, five years from now, 10 years from now by doing more and more interviews. You're getting your reps in. This is part of your mental fitness that you're doing. This exactly illustrates the point. And I'm not saying take on too much weight. Just like when you go to the gym, don't take on too much weight. Start light focus on your form. It's the same thing. Ease yourself in, get into it. But it gets to the point where you realize all of these things that we've been avoiding, we've been outsourcing our safety, our phones do everything.


You know? 'cause it's like if you follow a, let's say a site right? Or a social media site. Yeah. And all the social media site does nothing but post negativity. Yeah. And if you say, you know what, I'm gonna leave that alone. 'cause it fs up my energy. Yeah. Unfollow it. I'm a block. I Don't see a problem with that. That that protects Your energy diet. That's diet. That's diet. That, that's sugar. You're realizing I'm outsourcing my dopamine and that that's hijacking me Emini here. That's not a bad thing to protect Energy. That's not, no, that's not a bad thing. And here, and here's the thing. 'cause I was thinking about that because I know there was, there was a J Cole interview where he did two years off social media and then he came back and he was like, oh. It was like I never left. Right? Right. It's kinda like eating a salty potato chip. You're like, I ain't had one two years. All of a sudden. Perfect example. I haven't been on social media for a month, obviously. I went on The Breakfast Club yesterday to look stuff up and then all of a sudden I went, I fell down the rabbit hole.


Mm. I found, you know, the job is mind video. I saw then. Then I wasn't even on the site no anymore. Now I'm watching, you know, 10 times people tried to check charlamagne. I'm watching this stuff that's not even on The Breakfast Club. Correct. And I got lost in it. I got into autopilot. So it's understanding that this stuff was still created by the smartest people in The World who were paid by the richest people in The World for the explicit goal of hijacking us and keeping us in autopilot. Absolutely. Right. So it sounds like you're saying we should disconnect. Not just disconnect from your phone. Your phone is one of the bosses. We gotta disconnect from everything. Everything. And if we do it from everything long enough, then we can go back. But the goal here is sovereignty. The goal and sovereignty is different from freedom. 'cause freedom is, I can do whatever I want.


Sovereignty is, I can control who I am. So this, so this isn't for people who actually have anxiety disorder disorders. There's people who just did everyday anxiousness. Well, what I'm gonna say is because as I said, the pendulum and the mental health conversation has gone so far. So many of us are self diagnosing. That's step number one. I agree with that. Step number two is, if you have even a diagnosed anxiety disorder, let's Just say your body produces extra cortisol and adrenaline, there are still choices and decisions that you can make that will improve how you feel in a day-to-day life. I agree. And and that's the important part. It's like we, we, we're not, we're not standing in one spot. We're either heading in one, we're either strengthening our sovereignty or strengthening our slavery every single day with the choices that we make, irrespective of what our mental health diagnosis is.


And the other thing too, with mental health conversations and cultures, we use those words as the end of the story. I agree with what you're saying because we, we talk about it, but then we don't do the the the healing work. Yeah. We don't talk about the actual healing of it. Yeah. Like if you've been diagnosed with a broken arm and then you out there walking and lifting heavy things, that's gonna make, you know, nobody's arguing that your arm isn't broken. But the choices that you make moving forward are either gonna speed up the healing, you can't speed up the healing. Sorry. It's either gonna slow down the healing or, or destroy the healing. That's right. Right. We can't really speed up healing. We just have healing. Just takes time. You gotta respect the time for it. It's the same thing with these mental health diagnosis that we have. And We don't talk about the healing part of it enough.


We don't, I think that there's a lot of conversation about, you know, what it is people are dealing with, but not how to actually get Through it. Absolutely. So when we have, so you gotta think about anxiety, like, like an iceberg. You can only see the tip and there's like 90% underneath. We have no idea what's happening. 'cause we haven't done the work to just revisit it. And that work can easily just be journaling and being like, why did this thing make me feel that way? Versus that stuff makes me feel gross. I don't want, because even even going to social media, why is social media triggering me? Well it's letting me know, you know, other people are doing things. I'm seeing other people's highlight reels. I'm comparing it to my behind the scenes. And that's making me feel less valuable. That's making me feel less seen, that's making me feel all these things. It's just the awareness.


The goal here is self-awareness and being able to sit and do absolutely nothing. If we want to improve how we feel, Well it's just always negative. Social media used to be fun all the time. I used to love to be on it. It's just always negative now. And people talk about like, oh, the algorithm, algorithm, algorithm, nah. Is literally people now that people feel like they have a voice and everybody can be heard and everybody, they, they attack, they attack it even when it's not warranted. You know what, Emini here. So it's just, I don't even think it is like us, what we're seeing, how we're programming. I said, I think you see it and you put it in our face, you know, pause. You see it Emini here. They put it in our face a certain amount of times.


Like a number of times we can actually make that decision to be like, yo, I don't, I'm not, I'm not sub I'm not subscribing to this. But let's look at it this way. If, if you give a kid a, a full bag of candy every single day and we say, well, they should just be able to make the decision not to eat all that candy. Right? When they're, when they're really young. How long has social media existed? We are children when it comes to social media. This is the candy. Yeah. This is like the ultimate candy. This this is the new epidemic. We're in a dopamine epidemic. They flooded the streets with dopamine. We are not designed to know as many people as we know. We're not designed to know about all the news happening everywhere all the time.


Right. And then this is a system that encourages negativity. It, it rewards negativity. If you post it's Fueled by the seven deadly sins, It's fueled by those. And think about it, if you post a picture tomorrow and everyone's just like, oh, you look great, you look great, you look great. And then I just comment, well, you don't look all that today. A that comment will pop up straight to the top. It's gonna get the most replies And that'll be the one that make me mad. 'cause like how you don't see what everybody else saying. That's the one. Yeah. But you probably will notice that comment more then. Then the other, the other ones will blend in. We, we have a negative bias that's just in us. Why do we have a negative bias? 'cause we used to live in the wild. We had to assume the worst. You are walking through the forest and you hear a sound. You have to assume it's something that's gonna kill you.


Because if you're wrong, wrong, cool. If you're right, you're in danger. We have to assume the worst smart people, really smart people who were paid by very rich people understand this. And they've used it to hijack our attention. Our attention and our focus is the most important thing that we have. I We're still kicking it with author, speaker, designer, filmmaker, creative consultant. And he has a new book, unanxious.


Hey, what up y'all? It's DJ Envy. The first few months of 2025 have been quite a year. Work deadlines, group chats, you can't escape. And your weird cousin's latest overshare. It's a lot. But here's some good news. You don't have to bring that stress into your car. The all new Nissan Murano is your piece on wheels, thanks to its available features. Imagine sliding into the relaxing, massaging seats that feel like they were made to melt your tensions. Take in the skyline views that let sunlight pour in and watch as your day brightens. I have a special playlist that always gets me right. And with the bows premium sound system, you too can vibe like your at your own private concert. Plus with your 64 color personalized lighting option, you can set the mood any way you want. Be it romantic chill, or in a straight up do not disturb mode. Let the Nissan Murano be your oasis in a chaotic world because sometimes the greatest rush isn't rushing at all. Drive the all new Nissan Murano today. Panoramic moon roof, ambient lighting, bows and massaging. Leather appointed seats are optional features Piece to the planet.


Charlemagne to God here. Look, we all make mistakes, but owning up to them is the right thing to do. You know, degree cool rush deodorant. Well, last year they changed the formula and it did not go over well with their fans degrees. Hold thing is it turns up the sweat and odor protection when you turn up the effort. And good thing it does because cool Rush fans really turned up the effort to bring back the original formula. One guy even started an online petition and degree. Listen, they admitted they effed up and are bringing the original cool rush sent back. And it's exactly how you remember it. Cool, crisp and fresh. It's back in Walmart, target, and other stores now for under $4. There's a reason why it's been the number one men's anti pressman for the last decade. It's the same reason why people were not happy when it changed. So if you never tried it, it might be a good time to see what the fuss is about. Head to your local Walmart or Target to try to OG degree. Cool rush for yourself.


If you own a home, here's the interesting fact for you today, American homeowners are sitting on a record amount of home equity. That's the part of your home you own outright. Rocket Mortgage can help you turn that home equity into cash and that can help you fund a home renovation, pay for your kids' college tuition or pay off consolidated high interest debt. To learn more, just call 804 Rocket or visit rocket.com today. Rocket Mortgage, LLC license in 50 states, nmls consumer access.org number 30 30


At t has a new guarantee because most things in life are not guaranteed. Like actually getting the rental car you requested or your wedding turning out just like you dreamed it would And someone making another pot of coffee in the break room at the drink of the last drop of the last one. Yeah. Don't get me started. Not guaranteed. In a world where nothing is guaranteed, at t is bringing something new to the table. At t is introducing a guarantee. With connectivity, you depend on deals you want and service you deserve or they make it right. So if you wanna know more about the at t guarantee, head to att.com/guarantee. At t connecting changes, everything, terms and restrictions apply. Visit att.com/guarantee for details.


Humble a poet. Jess, Going back, you said porn, you can never go back to it, right? Yeah. But do you still ever desire or or craving it? Yes. You know everything. Okay, so you do, As I said, craving is a memory of comfort, right? Right. So that's not gonna go, as I said, this is not a moral conversation. Right? This is not, porn is right, porn is wrong. This is just, it's a product. It's like sugar. I'm not here to judge sugar, but we know what sugar does, right? Porn is like sugar for your brain. It rewires your brain. There's, there's science behind this. I'm not making this stuff up. I was on the Porn Hub podcast, you know, I They had a podcast. Yeah, they have a podcast. I was on there And I had a great conversation with them. Nice. That's not the, it's it's the product, right? It's an addictive product. Just like coffee. Just like alcohol. These are physically addictive things.


The goal is, Damn, I've started watering thinking about it. No, but Let's do it. I said I'm not, I'm not, I'm not here as, I'm like holier than that stuff. I'm just saying, I'm just saying I'm not, you start, remember, you start reminiscing, right? But at the same time it's like, listen, at the end of the day, the goal here is we're not gonna be able to totally overhaul our system. Yeah. We've had this software for 50, 60, 70 generations as humans, right? This world, we live in two, three generations. We're not used to living in cities with millions of people. So this is, this is a situation. So when it comes to stuff like porn, it's like the goal is, as I said, it's the same thing with pizza. It's like, yeah, I like pizza.


It is cool when I walk by a pizza spot right now I don't completely jones for the pizza. But if someone invites me out, I can enjoy it And I can understand its value, but I don't have to look to it to just get me back to calm. This whole idea, you know, what we're chasing even with the porn is the post clarity. And what is that we have just dysregulated our system so much that we finally threw that release. Get a little bit of clarity. What if you look at porn as something that leads to the, and then once you get to Absolutely, you have the clarity. Well that's, you have the clarity or you spend enough time away from all this stuff. You can live in the clarity. You can live in. That clarity can Live in the, like you saying, like not live. No, because We don't call it clarity. We call it post the clarity.


You can live in that, that could be your default. Because think about it for, especially for guys that post lar is the moment you're like, I had just been operating on autopilot. I just spent a bunch of money. I said, did this, I did that. I said all the things. I didn't mean, what is it? Or I like this, I want to be around this person. I found wifey. This Is so interesting. So what if you take the, and then rub it on your nipples? No. You know what? You know what? Let's, let's let, let's, let's, let's, no, we we can talk about that. That's an example of somebody who is continually outsourcing dopamine to the point where it just, they have unlimited resources. They have unlimited power. So it just got wilder and wilder and wilder and wilder. But I also feel like if he would've been into porn and porn PornHub like that and, and got his his off watching that he wouldn't have to do it in person.


And there's nobody to tell on him. So Chris Rock said it in tambourine And I remember this and he is like, you know, porn is an issue because your porn searches evolve, but you was, look, you know, it's, it's just like Fat Joe said, today's price ain't yesterday's price. What you was looking up five years ago ain't what you're looking up now. Yeah. Because it's not, it's not now more choices. But also you need, you need it to elevate, you need more hot sauce. It's not one drop anymore. I get it. I understand What you're saying. We're outsourcing. That's all it is. And, and every time we outsource right, we are, we're getting sedated. Hmm. So going back to, to the activism, going back to the freedom. We gotta realize we don't live in this dystopian 1984 world with authoritarian governments. We live in the brave new world where they're controlling us through comfort.


That's the tool. Everything. If you wanna get rich, don't speak too Fast about the authoritarian government either. We, we we're on track. We're we're on track. But we gotta realize if we don't have internal sovereignty, it doesn't matter. Well, were you sovereign when you were naked and anxious in Germany? No. No. Okay. That, that's the perfect example. My homeboy lives in Germany. He's my oldest friend. I've known him since we were four years old. He's like, yo, I'm gonna take you to the spa. And I'm like, candles, massage. That sounds perfect. We're on the bus 'cause you don't drive. And we're headed to the spa. And I'm like, you know what's gonna be really good for this spa? I'm gonna take an edible. So I eat an edible. I'm like, it's gonna feel perfect. And then he goes, man, I'm so proud of you. You're so open-minded.


None of the other guys in our crew would ever do this. And I was like, what are you, what are you talking about? Do what? He's like, you know, the naked part? And I was like, yeah, yeah, you're naked in a massage, but you, they they put a blanket over you or something. He's like, no, no, we're in the, the steam room together. I'm like, that's not a spot, that's a sauna. And he's like, ah, man. I mixed up the words. So at this point we're gonna an all new sauna in Germany. And I already popped the edible. And I You didn't know, you didn't even expect This? No, I was expecting a massage. I just, I thought I hurt my shoulder. Yeah. So then it was obviously the anxiety jumps up. I'm gonna be naked in Europe. It's probably normal for them. It's not normal for me. I'm gonna be naked in front of my friend. I ain't never done this before. And then you start to realize when you, so now you're in reaction mode and now you're scared.


And plus the edibles hidden, which making it even worse. First thing that I did was I expressed it. I just used word. I'm like, look man, I'm, I didn't realize what this was. And you could have put me in a cage by complimenting me and saying, I'm an open-minded And I wanna live up to that, but I'm scared. And he's like, you're scared. I'm scared too. And then we realized we're not even scared about being naked. We're scared about being judged. And then when we get there you realize, oh, I thought it was gonna be like, everyone's normal. Everybody thinks this is normal. I'm the only person feeling awkward. I could tell everybody, like, there's a lot of this. Oh, everybody was feeling awkward. And that collective vulnerability made it a little bit easier. But just like your interviews, the longer I stayed, the more comfortable I got. Hmm.


Listen, I'm, I'm ready for a Charlemagne common. Evan, I'm ready. I'm sorry. I'm ready. I'm ready. No, I'm ready. I'm ready. I'm ready. It just sounds like he was trying to take the friendship to another level. Flirting. No, it did though. I didn't say flirting. No, it did though. I said to another level. But it did, I've known, I've known him since we were four. And it did. Being naked with your friend will do that. Being vulnerable. That's what vulnerable, we measure friendships in terms of length. You gotta measure relationship with the game. Oh, damn. Jesus Christ. Humble. You what the, so y'all all had to sit naked in the sand and be like, that's my friend. That's not, that's my friend right there. That's not really my friend. See loneliness. That's he's not, he's a half a friend.


What? I was ready for it. I was ready for it. This is Not it. It's okay. I was ready for it. And look, you're not wrong. At the end of the day, you're not wrong. At the end of the day, it's still about being vulnerable. Relationships only growth to being vulnerable and being vulnerable is being naked. Either you're being naked with your body or you're being naked. What your feelings, The honest, honest question. All the questions are honest. But when you were in the sauna, oh boy. And you looked around and you realized, I go, I'm bigger than a lot of guys in here. Did that make you feel more comfortable? But how do you know he was bigger? He could have been smaller. 'cause he can see he got eyes. Well, he could have been smaller too, but, well, he could, Because obviously he just said he wasn't scared about being naked. He was scared about being judged. So we know he Got the only, Nah, I'm, I'm, listen, I'm could have been No, your boy's shoe size 11 and a half.


I'm okay. Okay. We're fine. What are you did? You we're fine. We're fine. Look at like that. You, you know what it is with insecurities is like Yeah. Like for example, if somebody's has a certain height, they don't think about their height. People, people who lack something have an insecurity, not judge. And again, I can't judge somebody for the genetic lottery they want. So like, that's not much of an issue. But I think for me it was more along the lines of like, I didn't wanna get caught staring by somebody. You know, if you, you see a woman or whatever. And then, oh, So it's men and women in the sauna? Nah, it's just men. No. Oh, Men, women. And then once I got comfortable, then they, they, they just threw in the next mix kids. Oh hell no. There were full nuclear families there.


I didn't know any of this. So this Is, is this cultural? Like this is like, Yeah. I don't know how they do it in Germany. That's at the end of the day, I thought I was getting a massage instead. It was just a bunch of sauna rooms and coal plunges. Mm. And I don't know why people couldn't wear clothes. And in the beginning I was just like, all right, I'm in a, I'm in a different country. This is their stuff. Yeah. Yeah. But as, as I said, I did not feel like most of the people in that room were comfortable either. Yeah. It didn't feel normalized. Right. So it, it wasn't like if somebody lived in a culture where like, you know, men walk around topless and then all of a sudden they come to the beach and they feel weird. No. This like, I felt like everybody felt kind of awkward. Yeah. But yeah, once I got comfortable with all the adult stuff, then I remember going outside where there's the ka pool area and then just seeing kids run around. I was like, oh no, this is, this is a whole different level. I'm not even trying to get used to this.


Mm. And it was, but as they said, like it's incrementally making yourself uncomfortable and to sing and then being like, all right, the longer I'm in it, the more my body realizes. And this has been my mantra for this whole last 30 days, which is, this sucks, but I'm not in danger. Yeah. There you have it. Ladies and gentlemen. Humble. The poet. Yes sir. We appreciate you for joining us, brother. Appreciate y'all for having me. Charman. Me and you spa Naked Germany. Ain't gotta go to Germany. Do I'm Not. No, no. You don't be vulnerable with me. That'll that, that's it. That'll, that'll, that'll solidify. No, that it tum lipoma is The Breakfast Club. Good morning. Let's get to the latest with Lauren.


Lauren becoming a straight At, she gets from somebody that knows Somebody. I'm the home girl that knows Be having the latest on this, the latest with Lauren la sometimes have facts, sometimes she have details, sometimes she have a little bit of everything. Got The Breakfast Club. Talk To me how y'all Hear each other over all the music. I don't Know. Read lips. I, I was just, I'm so happy to just be here and not be in a rush today. Miss Char Said you wanted to go to spy with me, but go ahead. Continue on. What's up Laura? Yeah, because you've Been leaving me in class with these two for like the last two weeks. It's not been fun. So I miss you guys. I miss you too. Where you been in court?


Court And I feel so Disc, you don't feel disconnected from me. No. What? Speaking of disconnecting Emini here. Really? Not speaking or disconnecting. But Nicki Minaj is not dl she's not coming out of the closet. Oh my God. Who said she was? Yeah. Who said that? Where did that come from? Do you see this photo right here of Nicki Minaj? Literally in a closet? Yes. So Nicki Minaj, she just did the cover of Vogue Italia. And this was one of the photos from the photo shoot. She looks gorgeous in the photo shoot. But one of her fans got online and posted this photo and said, this is not just a photo. This is Nicki Minaj, The World Thing That she is DL and Nicki Minaj commented, she retweeted it and she said no.


And that Was It. People Yes, because no, it it, the, the tweet was going and people would beginning to pick that up. But the, the interview itself that she did was a lengthy interview with Talia. But she talked about a lot of things being a mom, you know, she's been talking a lot about motherhood. She's talking about her new music that's coming. She was talking about the fact that now she has to, so at first she had to pick and choose when she wanted to have her baby. Because everything that's been going on in her career, you know, just how big she is now that she's a mom. She has to pick and choose when she gets to be a mom. Like simple things like, can I take my kid for a walk in the park or not? Because people gonna take pictures of him. Yep. That Does not sound fun whatsoever. My, that's what happens when you a celebrity. It's been going on. Yes, it does. Not that not be, It's just wild to me that you know, everything that people do nowadays, folks try to break apart.


Like it's a Marvel movie. Crazy. Like everything don't have hidden Easter. Easter eggs. Everything ain't symbolism. She In the closet because she in the closet. That don't make no damn sense. But I love the way how she replies. She just responded. No, No. And that was one of her own damn barbs Said she should have said SMD. Then they'd been like, see This means that she's Trash. I told you that's what they that's what I said one day. I was like S md. And they was like, see we told you. And I was like, oh my God. Oh, we understand that. Continue Lauren. Wow. What happened? Low blow. That was nuts ahead. That's all, that's all you do is blow low. Exactly. That ain't nothing but a bottom. First of all, don't disrespect me, I'm a top continue Lauren.


Power top bottom of all de bottom. We need to open A line for the college for the girls because they been telling me where you, where you Be at. That's what they want me to be. Continue on. They don't know nothing about me. Get bottom power top over here, baby. Yeah. Ooh. Okay, well moving on. Another news. What the hell Is going on? Former NBA star Sean Kemp has pleaded guilty to an assault charge. This happened today, Tuesday on the May 28th for a shooting of two men inside of a vehicle in a Washington State Mall parking lot. So he pled guilty to It's Wednesday. It's Wednesday. Oh, shoot. See I've been to court. I know. Thank You Jess. You welcome boo. You just gonna sit over there and smile. I sit there and smile. You still, You Still That?


Because you got one more time to blame this on court. Okay. I was on the phone with you last night when you was walking into a goddamn bar to go have drinks. All right. First of all, first of all, yes. First of all, First of all, I was walking into a meeting where I At 10 o'clock at night. Yes. And it was a very important one. I know that said, actually all I heard You say Was, And I had to do it at 10 o'clock at night. Nevermind. What? What? You heard me look at life, Lauren, you heard me order edamame. Anyway. Okay, go ahead, boo. Anyway, yeah. So yesterday, Tuesday, the May 27th, he, he pled not guilty. What are you whispering about? Mb not bad to second degree assault in Pierce County Superior Court.


So a part of the plea agreement, according to the prosecutors is that oh, he had to take the plea agreement according to the prosecutor's office. So he was in a Toyota four runner and the men inside in another vehicle. What Morgan did this story already this morning. Morgan did it this morning. Morgan did it. And now the whole, we ain't never heard it. 'cause you doing it. Morgan did this story. Morning. She said, remember they stole his stuff. She ran up to get his stuff back when they walked someone and then they started shooting each other. This wasn't even MyIT. How Many drinks you last night? I didn't Have any drinks last night. A liar. And God is watching you. Swear To God, because I didn't have any drinks last night. I went to a meeting that I, I can't talk about it, but I went to a meeting last night. Mm. Right. And I had to be some good business being done there.


Yes. And we gonna move on because I didn't know we did that story. Thanks. Producers. Yes. So we moving on too? It's over. That's You got. Okay. It's, it's over Birthday. We, we could go on the Tory lanes, but it, it's over. It's very lengthy. So save that for the third. But it is Gladys Knight birthday. So we got any Gladys Knight in the queue? Name one. Name one Gladys Knight. So include bunch of Gladys Knight. Stop playing with Gladys Knight. We Might not know it the name of it, but she know she wanna know the song if you play it also. No, I know men. I trained the Georgia but also she's also an actress. And she was in, she made her debut in one of Tyler Perry movies. Her de I hope I'm right. Debut. Okay. What Say the back is de BI know how it's spelled but it is, it is pronounced de BI can't believe nobody was gonna tell me y'all did that story.


I didn't even know to be honest with you. Emini here. I'm sorry to Morgan. I swear I did not know. I thought you was talking about something Totally different. The only reason I stopped you 'cause it looked like you didn't really want tell the story anyway. I didn't. I really that's I'm trying of talking about prosecutors. It. Exactly. So give us some ghetto. Sh what is happening in The World? What's this right here? Midnight training George. Oh, oh. Just didn't even Know. We'll be right back as it is. Drop please Bon for Gladys night. Don't care. The days up next. It's The Breakfast Club. Good boy, y'all wake up. Wake up. You're locked into The Breakfast Club. Don't be out here acting like a donkey key. High bitch key high. It's time for Donkey of the day.


I'm a big boy. I could take it if he feel I deserve it. Ain't no big deal. I know Charlemagne guy gonna have some funny sleep. Say how this mouth, who gotta say something you may not agree with doesn't mean I'm need. Who's getting that donkey? That donkey that don't Don Don Don Donkey Donkey of the day right there. Yo. At The Breakfast Club. Bitches. You can call me the donkey of the day, but like Emini here, no harm. Hold on. My headphones ain't working. Here I go. Hold on. Donkey of the for Wednesday, May 28th goes to a teacher in Alabama named Tracy Walker. Tracy is 56 years old and she is charged with aggravated child abuse. What did Tracy do to somebody's child? Let's go to Fox 10 News for the report please.


A judge today setting a $25,000 bond for mobile. Connie Public School teacher accuse of giving a drink containing ethanol to a 4-year-old student. The Collins Road Elementary School student was rushed to the hospital back in April where doctors say she had a blood alcohol content level of 0.28. Come on. The judge ordering the defendant, Tracy Walker to submit to a drug and alcohol test as a condition of her bond. Her attorney asked the judge for a reasonable bond and argued that she's an achieved 10 year employee with a bachelor's and master's degree from the University of South Alabama with no criminal history. Nope. Walker is due back in court for an arraignment.


She has been placed on administrative leave Since when are jello shots? Proper school supplies. Okay. Tracy didn't just cross the line. She took her whole class on a field trip over the line. Okay. Why do y'all like playing with other people's turn? All right, this is why, you know, those of us with kids suffer from parental paranoia right now because of sick, evil, twisted people like Tracy Walker. Okay? Don't tell me that she didn't have no past criminal record. That just means she was getting away with stuff. All right. You are a teacher. Your primary duty is to facilitate student learning and understanding by imparting knowledge and creating a positive learning environment. But no, Tracy, you want to turn kindergarten in happy hour. Okay.


Four years old. I don think that's kindergarten. That's pre-K. All right. She's supposed to be in there teaching life skills. Okay. Not mixology. All right? Teachers are supposed to create a positive environment for students. The problem with Tracy is she's 56 years old. So when she thinks positive environment, she thinks festivities, she thinks drinks, she thinks food. Hell, Tracy probably drunk her damn self. Okay? She didn't bring that drink for the kids. She bought that drink for herself. And she did that to that 4-year-old. Well, she did to that 4-year-old what somebody did to her when she was young. Okay? And that's, let her get a little sip. Raise your hands if an, if, if an adult in your life let you get a little sip of some alcohol when you was a child. Okay?


I'm talking kids in single digits. All right. Envy, raise their hand. Just raise their hand. Red, did you raise your hand? I know you did. You pour Rican? Okay. Coquito, you was drinking Coquito at five. Okay, now I'm not gonna say who the adults were in my life. That would let me get a sip of Budweiser. Okay? The king of beers because I don't want to incriminate anybody, but that was a regular occurrence in the slums I'm from. But that doesn't make it right. Okay? When you know better, you do better. And Tracy, you got to know better. You can't be given no 4-year-old alcohol, especially a 4-year-old that has no family ties to you. Okay? IEP is supposed to stand for individualized education plans. Not intoxicated. Every preschooler, okay? This young girl is four.


She won't be old enough to drink for another 17 years. Do you know what you could be doing to this young woman's brain? You know what you could be doing to this young woman's liberal? The only thing more under the influence than the students was the teacher's judgment. Okay? I know Tracy had to be drunk too. Okay? They even think this was a good idea. She had to be drunk. Now lemme tell you another part of the story. Tracy Walker is a special education teacher. Sounds to me like she should have been a student, okay? What's crazy is in Alabama, if you're a special education student, you're entitled to what they call free, appropriate public education until you turn 21. I knew that because I remember being in high school and they would always say the special education students graduate at 21.


So if you want to drink with kids, Tracy, all you have to do is wait 17 years. And it's sad because if it is a kid with disabilities, you are getting them drunk and getting drunk messes with your cognitive functions. And some of these poor kids already have cognitive impairment. That's why they in special ed, okay? Memory, problem solving attention, all of that is not functioning at the expected level for their age. And you give them alcohol, come on, those poor parents don't know what the hell going on. Okay? You making an already tough situation, tougher. And for what the morals of the story is, if the golden rule is due unto others as you would have them do unto you, then the platinum rule should be to treat other people's kids the way you would want someone to treat yours.


Especially if you are a teacher. Please give Tracy Walker the biggest, he huff What's wrong with people? That's Crazy. And I will say in my father's defense, I was like four maybe as well. And I used to stay up late four. Like yes, I was four years old. And you know how you a kid be like looking, looking at something and trying to try it or whatever? Yeah. And I tried it and he was like, all right. He tried it. 'cause Emini here, he let me try. 'cause he was like, all right, now, now you don't like it, do you? I spit it out, but I kept drinking it. Yeah, it was beer and it wasn't liquor. It was beer. Yeah, That's what I, that was my first sip. My first sip was Budweiser, the king of beers. How old were You though?


Single digits. Definitely. Okay, See how old are you? I think I was a little old. I think I probably like 10. Be tequila 10? No, it was Heineken. Oh, Heineken. Okay. Heineken. Y'all drink Heineken on that? I thought y'all drank Corona. I'm not, you are Spanish. I'm not Latino. But it was Heineken. But, but dad did the same thing, gave a taste And I spit it right out. Yeah. Yeah. Crazy. Yeah. But I went over And I picked it up voluntarily. I was like, mm. And he was like, all right, go ahead try. You ain't gonna like it. And I didn't. He gave it to you. Y'all parents gave it to y'all. That was the same thing. I was like, dad, how's the taste? Go ahead. Try it. And I ain't say it was my parents. Y'all the only ones incriminating. Y'all parents. My dad's 85 years old. He don't give 'em, They'll still Lock 'em up. Yeah. All try. All right, well thank you for that donkey today.


But you, so you spit it out back then. Oh my God. Oh, I'm asking, and what did You do? He was Not gay when he was little. Did You swallow yours? No. Who y'all talking about? He said you spit it out. I'm asking. So you spit because you, you still have a taste for alcohol. You, you, you drink. Now Did you swallow yours or did you spit it out? Alright, see, throw back on your ass. Pause. I know that. That's what you wanna be been trying to do. My goodness. Drink water. Now the way he be like, listen, handling that girthy bottle like that. Two hands on it. Yes. If big gulp. What's a person, honey? All right, thank you for that dog here today. Let's open up the phone lines (800) 585-1051. This morning during front page news, Morgan reported that the Trump administration is now halting new student visa interviews and expanding social media vetting for student and exchange visitor visa Applicants meaning they're gonna start looking at your social media.


But we're asking 805 8 5 1 0 5 1. Do you think it's fair for employees or schools to check your social media before hiring or admitting you to college or school? I don't know why I thought that been going on. I thought social media vetting, social media background checks. I thought that was been happening for a while now. I think they should do more social media bidding myself. 805 8 5 1 0 5 1. If you wanna get a a firearm license, I think they should go through social media. They do fingerprints. They go through mental health, but they don't go through your social media. I Feel like some jobs been doing that though. Hmm. I could be wrong. Well, Probably like on the load probably. But I ain't never heard about it being like an actual thing that they check your social media Emini here always for like cops.


FBI like stuff like that. Government jobs. Yeah, they Do that. But ev every job should 'cause you, you wanna know who you are employing. You wanna know who, if you're a teacher, if you're employing a teacher that has an OnlyFans and there's a problem with that. I remember back in the day when this was like 2015, this is before Hillary Clinton came on The Breakfast Club and they did a social media background check on all of us. Oh Really? They vetted our social media. Oh Wow. You didn't pass at first, right? No. Yeah, that's what I'm saying. Definitely. I said things about them. I don't care though. Crazy. They wound up doing Anyway. And yeah, anything I'm gonna say, anything I've said about you, I'm gonna say to you so it don't matter. Yeah, yeah, Yeah. But eight on Track. Well actually it's 'cause I I, I dressed up as Hillary Halloween on you And I had you dress up as who had had mask on and the Nike track tracksuit.


He is an idiot. It was funny when that came up, they was like, you know, Charlemagne actually dressed up like Hillary Clinton and this, that and the other. But she came up. She wound up coming up. Anyway, She was cool. Yeah, she was cool. She been there twice. But 805 8 5 1 0 5 1. Do you think it's fair for employers of,


Hey, what up y'all? It's DJ Envy. The first few months of 2025 have been quite a year. Work deadlines, group chats, you can't escape. And your weird cousin's latest overshare. It's a lot. But here's some good news. You don't have to bring that stress into your car. The all new Nissan Murano is your piece on wheels thanks to its available features. Imagine sliding into the relaxing, massaging seats that feel like they were made to melt your tensions. Take in the skyline views that let sunlight pour in and watch as your day brightens. I have a special playlist that always gets me right. And with the Bows premium sound system, you too can vibe like you're at your own private concert. Plus with your 64 color personalized lighting option, you can set the mood any way you want. Be it romantic chill, or in a straight up do not disturb mode. Let the Nissan Murano be your oasis in a chaotic world because sometimes the greatest rush isn't rushing at all. Drive the all new Nissan Murano today. Panoramic moon roof, ambient lighting, bows and massaging. Leather appointed seats are optional features.


Peace to the planet. Charlemagne to God here. Look, we all make mistakes, but owning up to them is the right thing to do. You know, degree cool rush deodorant. Well, last year they changed the formula and it did not go over well with their fans degree's. Whole thing is it turns up the sweat and odor protection when you turn up the effort. And good thing it does because cool Rush fans really turned up the effort to bring back the original formula. One guy even started an online petition in degree. Listen, they admitted they effed up and are bringing the original cool Rush sent back. And it's exactly how you remember it. Cool, crisp and fresh. It's back in Walmart, target, and other stores now for under $4. There's a reason why it's been the number one men's anti pressman for the last decade. It's the same reason why people were not happy when it changed. So if you never tried it, it might be a good time to see what the fuss is about. Head to your local Walmart or Target to try an OG degree. Cool rush for yourself.


If you own a home, here's an interesting fact for you Today, American home owners are sitting on a record amount of home equity. That's the part of your home you own Outright. Rocket Mortgage can help you turn that home equity into cash and that can help you fund a home renovation, pay for your kids college tuition or pay off consolidated high interest debt. To learn more, just call 804 Rocket or visit rocket.com today. Rocket Mortgage, LLC license in 50 states, NM ls consumer access.org. Number 30 30.


Check out Pluto TV's the Black Collective, a free and curated collection of black entertainment, including movies, shows and music, all featuring black talent, both on camera and behind the scenes. Watch classic movies like Boomerang Norbit and paid in full binge series like Tyler Perry's Sisters and Power and Scream, the latest RB and hip hop music videos all for free on practically any device that's tons of your favorite entertainment that you can watch on your tv, tablet of phone, all for free. The Black Collective on Pluto tv.


Scream Now pay Neva Or schools to check your social media before hiring or admitting you. Let's talk about it. It's The Breakfast Club. Good morning, The Breakfast Club. It's topic time. Call 8 5 8 5 1 0 5 1 to join into the discussion with The Breakfast Club. Morning everybody. It's DEJ Envy. Jess, Hilarious. Charlemagne the guy. We are The Breakfast Club. If you're just joining us, we're asking 805 8 5 1 0 5 1. Do you think it's fair for employers or schools to check your social media before hiring you or admitting you to their college?


That is the question. And that's because Trump's administration is now halting new student visa interviews and expanding social media to the vetting process. So we're asking, is that fair? I think it is. Yeah. Like you wanna see who you work with and you know, if you interview somebody, they're not gonna tell you the truth, but social media, nine times outta 10, you could actually see what a person is doing if they're going through something hopefully or if they're crazy. Yeah. But then, you know, you have things like, yo some people social media is literally their personal outlet. Some people like, that's what I feel like in a sense that's what social media is for, for you to show what you want about your personal life, how much of that is going to be judged by an employer or really taken seriously by, you know what I'm saying?


Like how can, I don't know, it needs to be some type of stipulation like, or to a certain extent or something like that. Because for instance, yesterday, given what we was talking about with Lauren and what she went to Dr. That was fun. You know, that was business. But what she was doing serious, that was a personal right. You know what Emini here. So now what if she goes into like a, a, a big say if BBC wanna hire her or whatever and they go on there and they don't give her the job because they seen that she parties in Dr and she wears, you know, certain clothing that, you know, like now what what is, you know? Yeah. But I still think, like even I'm, I'm two a all day, right? So if, if you wanna purchase a firearm, don't you want see on their social media if somebody's threatening somebody?


Absolutely. If somebody's living something crazy where you say, well, this person shouldn't have a firearm. You know what, Emini here. Right? So I think they Should Shem. Yeah, I think they do. They should have online vetting, social media vetting. I feel like some jobs already do that. I, I definitely know in entertainment a lot of, well they were doing that because you gotta think a lot of these entertainment companies were hiring talent. And then remember, remember, remember the old tweet era? Yes. When you had some, you know, bring back the old tweet era and people would have to let you go because of old tweets and all of that stuff like that. So a lot of them were doing, you know, that online vetting, which I don't, I don't have a problem with it. I think that is good because you know, it, it's an extension of your character. Now I will say, I don't know how far back you should hold somebody Right.


Accountable for Right. You know what I'm saying? Because if you're hiring somebody at 30 and they, you saw them tweet something wild 15 years ago, I don't, I don't think that's, that's fair. But I think there should be some level of online. Betty. Yeah. Hello. Who's this? Hi, this is Roe from Harrisburg, pa. What's up Ro? What's your, what's your opinion, what's your thoughts? My thought is this is similar to the, well, first I wanna say good morning everybody. I'm morning. Good Morning. But this reminded me of the topic you guys had yesterday on Lauren and people judging her for what she posted on her social media. Right. And I believe that social media is for personal use.


It is. Unless you have a brand social media that you can separately make, which we all know we have our personal page and our business page. Right. If it's not on your business page, then it's none of your, your job business, frankly. Well, let me ask you a question, bro. Quite frankly, what happened if you're a racist and you, and you post a lot of racist things on your social media, but now I'm hiring you and if I'm hiring you, you know, you're supposed to represent the company And I don't want somebody that's racist representing my company. Yeah, because people hire you on character too. They do hire you on character. True, true. I didn't, I didn't look at it from that aspect because there are a lot of racists that are openly sharing stuff online.


So I I understand that. I understand that aspect. But see, it's situational though. That's still situational. You know what Emini here, because even going back to Lauren and, And I, it is, it is evident, right? She has brown girl grinding. That is her business, right? Where there's nothing but her brand, her representing her brand eloquently, professionally. You know what Emini here, then you have Lauren la that's who she is when she's not in the studio or when she's not in the court or not working. So again, it's just situational. But I agree with the racist thing, right? I don know ce. Good morning. Good morning. Ce what's your thoughts? What CE is this? You was at court yesterday?


Yes. No, I called yesterday. I called yesterday morning. Oh yeah. Okay. So she called days in a row. But you ain't the ce you ain't Capricorn clock, right? Oh nah. Okay, Go ahead. Now what else, what's, what's going on Cece? I feel like college is one. You spend over 50 to $60,000 once you're done going there, they should not worry about what you're doing on your social media. You're, you're paying them. Then on top of that, the job, how well you do your job does not have anything to do with how many kids you got at home or if you got your man or your husband or your page or anything. I don dunno, they everybody should stay off social media.


I do think I, well, yeah, I, but I do think they're checking for character. What I do think should happen, and Chuck D was up here talking about this a couple of weeks ago. There needs to be social media etiquette classes for kids and they need to be taught social media etiquette early because a lot of these things that they are putting online can affect them in the future. At schools. Yep. At jobs. Yep. Like I, I, I, I think that's what actually needs to happen. But as Parents, that's what we should be doing, right? Yeah. We should be making sure our kids are, we are protecting our kids and making sure we're explaining to them what social media does and the effects of it. 'cause right now they might be kids having fun. Yeah. But in 10 years from now That's right. Whatever they put online stays online. That's right. It never goes. But you know what, You know one thing about it is gonna be hard to even have our kids listen to us because we didn't listen to our parents when we were younger either.


And that just, that's a psych that repeats itself. What it needs to be is somebody that they look up to like a Kai Sinat or something like that to teach a class like that. And Kai already displays that. Right. He has a level of etiquette. Correct. That a lot of kids don't and a lot of kids look up to him. So, you know, furthermore than us being the guardians and the parents, it should be other kids doing it too. But you know what's going, what's gonna make them listen when they hear people like Aki or whoever talk about opportunities they lost or opportunities they didn't get. Yeah. Because it's something they put on social media, right? 805 8 5 1 0 5 1. Do you think it's fair for employers or schools to check your social media before hiring you or admitting you to their college or university?


Let's discuss this. The Breakfast Club. Good morning. If y'all talking about it, you know we talking about it. It's topic time. Call 805 8 5 1 0 5 1 to join into the discussion with The Breakfast Club. Morning everybody. It's DEJ Envy, just hilarious. Charlamagne the guy. We are The Breakfast Club. If you just joining us, we're asking do you think it's fair for employers or schools to check your social media before hiring or admitting you to their college or university? This conversation comes from Trump. The Trump administration is halting new student visa interviews and expanding social media vetting for student and exchange visitors.


All right, so that's what we're asking. 805 8 5 1 0 5 1. And we got tshirt online. What's your thoughts, Tisha? So my thoughts are, I don't think that they should be using your email or you know, social searching your social media because it interferes with like your personal life and they want this, they want you to create this work life balance. And it's just like if you checking my social media for me to work somewhere for you, it kind of, it's why You gotta make sure you're not crazy. We wanna make sure you're not racist. We wanna make sure you're not doing something illegal. Because nowadays everybody posts the illegal stuff they do online too. So Yeah, it was wild when a woman called up here a little while ago and said, you know, we paying mad money on this college campus and don't check my social media. What if you on social media talking about shooting up the school?


Correct. Mm. Right, right. But you, you definitely got a point there. But what if also they like, say for instance you got somebody who models and that's their way of like promoting what they do on social media and they're like half naked you go and fire me for this because I'm trying to, you know, have a side job on top of this job that I come in and and do a good job at. Right. Well That every day, that's interesting because you know, remember that woman, remember the police officer who was on in the music video? Me the music video? Oh damn. I didn't think she should be fired for That. I think she got fired. I don't think she got fired. She got transferred, but I don't think she got fired. But what about, let me ask you a question. What about a teacher, right? Let's say a teacher's doing OnlyFans, she's not naked, but provocative. You know what Emini here, do you want your students going to that, that having that teacher?


Yes. Yes. How she looks Please. Depending how she looks. Especially my son. Yes. Alright. Hello. Who's this? Hi, this is Madison. Hi, practice club. What's up Madison? Talk to us. What's your thought? I think that they should continue to do it And I also think that, well I know they've been doing it with my sorority. I crossed in 2016 they did a, a social media audit on this. We had to put our Facebook and our Instagram on there and they just looked to also see how you truly are the community and what you post to see if that runs. Mm. But you a Zeta I'm not a Zeta, I'm a member of Alpha Alpha Sorority Incorporated. Okay. All right. Alright, well thank, well thank you mama all.


Thank you. Y'all have a great day. You too. Now Man, What's the moral of the story? If we ju if we judging about social media and Jessica Robin Moore will never have a job. Nowhere else else, period. They going to judge from my social media, my social media past all of that. But I think, I think a lot of that stuff was a long time ago though. Like, I I, no, But some stuff that's, That's true. Yeah. You, you know what I'm saying? Emini here. The last time you really, really wilded out on social media was when you, like you didn't know if you wanted a job anymore. That was oh my God. Four weeks ago, right? Like three weeks ago. Like three weeks ago. You know what? That's why I never get another joke. 'cause they'd be like Uhuh, when we do something wrong, this shit gonna go right online.


See, That's True though. Yeah, But you Know what? Emini here, that's why you need to continue to be an entrepreneur, Right? You too Mr. Mental health reform. You too. Yes. But, but that comes with age. But you know what though, to Justice Point, you gotta give people that opportunity to grow. That's why I said I'm not judging people based off what they tweeted 10 years ago, 15 years ago, 20 years ago. If you are 30 and you applying for a job, you done went to college and all types of other stuff. I'm gonna look at your tweets and be like, damn, when you was 15 you said X, Y, and Z. No, not Well even when you was 20, like I was 20 years old. You know what I'm saying? I I with you. It's crazy. All right, well when we come back, we got the latest with Lauren.


So don't move. It's The Breakfast Club. You cover your mouth even if you are choking. What the The Breakfast Club? Good morning. The Breakfast Club. Let's get to the latest with Lauren. Lauren Becomes a straight Off she gets from somebody that Somebody some, well she gets the details. I'm the home girl that knows a little bit about everything and She be having the latest on good Lord The latest with Lauren la Sometimes she have facts, sometimes she have details. Sometimes she have a little bit of everything. What's the latest on The Breakfast Club? Talk. Talk To me. Talk To me. LL cool Bay. Good morning.


So another thing that we need to talk about really, really quickly, it might be a congratulations. I'm not for sure if she's had the baby yet, but Cassie has reported, has went into labor. Okay. Oh nice. She's in the Yeah, she's in a hospital in New York. Now there were some reports that there it, there may be a complications but I haven't confirmed that. I did reach out to her attorney to try and figure that out. But he said that it was something that he would not speak on. You Reached out to an attorney about her having a baby. Who else would I reach out to her. Alright, figured You reach out to a rep. And the attorney was the first rep number that I had. I don't have a publicist number for poisoning Her, But I don only Emini here, just mine out business about her baby. What I'm thinking too, Emini here, there's no, I'm just, I know you got a job to do, but there's no, no consciousness kicks in.


Like the Only My Consciousness, my consciousness kicked in because I'm like, I don't know if I wanna say congratulations. She's in labor and if there's complications and something's wrong, like that sounds so like not right. Aren't you Can still say congratulations. You know what, Emini here, either way I really reached out And I Safe delivery. Yeah. R don't even say that you heard this complications. 'cause you don't know if it's true Or not. I can't wait. I never heard that until I heard it from you. I also don't know if she's actually in labor or not. He wouldn't confirm anything to me. These are just reports. So, okay. Yeah, I would Just say a prayer if I heard somebody's in complications. Just the way the black fraternal death rate set up. Yes. And that's what made me No hush. You're Lying now. No, that no, no, no, no. I'm not. When I reached out, I said, the first thing I said was, I know this is a sensitive topic, but I feel like if I report on it, I wanna make sure that if there is something wrong, I at least can know like, all right, what not to say or like, you know, how sensitive to be about it.


Dang. Shoot, That's fine. Well, she's in labor. We're praying for her. She's In the Labor unit in New York, Reported this be safe delivery. That's right. And this is baby number three, right? Yes. This is baby number three with her husband Alex. Fine. Alright, now moving on. We're gonna go into Tory lanes. So, oh man. Yeah. Taking, taking a a, a left turn. So there was this video that was released to the Shade Room and it's all over the internet now of the, you guys remember when Tory Lanez was stabbed the 14 times? Yes. Oh, we Forget it Was last week. There's video of that that is circulating in the video. Of course, you, you don't really see the, the actual stabbing. You just see the guy over top of him and, and Tory's like, You know, Tory's so little that Yeah.


Kicking like a baby. He's kicking and punching and basically trying to keep the guy off of him like a Rag doll just here to there. But no guards come the whole time. No guards come because to Be honest, it just looks like a fight. Just, You know, It does, it just looks like a regular fight. But I was Wondering, I I wonder if the guy came up behind him because Tory's big paws, right? If you look at his, his jail pictures. No he's not. Yeah, His, he's muscular. Oh, I was gonna say no, he's, he shorter, But he's muscular and the guy that looked like he did the stabbing from his pictures, he looked very thin and skinny. So it feel like Tory should be able to flip him around. Everything you say just sounds gay. I wonder if he came up Behind him. Yeah, wonder if he came up behind him. You to big, you know, toy big, you know, know what I'm saying? Then he stabbed him. I was wondering if he could flip him around. He hit the, he was on the ground.


No, you were the official DJ of the freak off. Man. Ain't no can nobody tell me different, I can't even have a conversation without you saying something gay me, me, we was just in here minding our business. Yeah. Listening to a story about a man gets stabbed in prison and here you Go. Pause. Pause. King. Yo, go ahead. Yeah, envy is crazy because you seek him on the ground envy. So I don't understand how this would That's exactly how he likes him. Yeah. Being Flipped over. Oh my goodness. Also, did you call the jail to confirm? I Did you call and say why no guards came to his aid? I did reach out. That's what multiple people to figure out what, what is their response to the fact that there's no guards at all in this video and Tori just gets up and walks away. So Maybe he didn't get stabbed yet, or No, no, no.


He was stabbed up. He was stabbed because then people started screenshotting like as he walks and you see like the blood on his body and on his face and stuff like that. So he was stabbed at the point when he was walking away. But again, still no guards responded. And there have been reports that this, the, the guy that stabbed him, he, he spoken to TMZ and he told them that he thought that Tory Lane, he alleges that Tory Lanes was trying to put money on his head and was trying to take his life. So he thought he was acting in self-defense. How The hell did he speak to t mz? They called him on the phone, should be in The box, Talked to him, called Him on the phone. He He called them on the phone. He Speak English, Huh? He speaks English. They, the story in English. They said that a prison phone call with Santiago Castillo who's already serving life in prison.


And for, for those who used to work at TMZ, right? Yes. How do people get videos like that from inside the jail? It's normally leaked from someone that would have access And they get paid for it. Assuming, I was gonna say, do they pay for it? Like do some outlets pay for Information? Some outlets do pay for it, but it, it is not as much as y'all think. Like people think you get a big payday and it don't be as much as you think, but some outlets do. Some people, some outlets don't, but sometimes things are leaked depending on who's leaking them. Because you want, you want something out there. They trying, you want, you want people to make be made aware of something. And that's why when I watched it, my first thing was wait, where are the guards? Because to me that was, there's some something wrong. Like Yeah, Absolutely. Yeah. Like maybe Guards were probably in on or whatever or something like that. 'cause where, where are you guys?


I don don't know, but they supposed to be there. But yeah, so I did reach out to, I haven't heard back. I reached out to Tori Lance's attorney. I also reached out to a rep for the warden And I reached out to another person on Tory's team as well too. Just trying to figure out how to, you got nothing parts, nothing yet. Facebook. Okay. So what, what else is in a pot? Growing. Okay, Momentum. Now let's bring in some love. Oh, well not yet because it's a lot going on with black love, y'all know? Yes, I've been kind of in and out, but since I've been talking about not no love, we've had Remy and Pat fall out. Yes, yes. You did a great job reporting that by the way. Thank you. Yi m And I don't know what is happening over there, but what happened with them?


So Y Yandy men's, her Yi's, like ex best friends used to work with her is claiming that she has like a whole little SBU thing in London and he got caught up because of it. Because there was a photo that looked like it was three people when it was, you know, really him and Yi's, SBU And I allegedly This guy young don't got the cameras rolling now. Listen, have no idea. But She do. But she be in Atlanta a lot. No, it is still stuff going on in New York. Perhaps we need to bring the New York franchise back Then. That used to be the best one. Absolutely. But I don't know. Black love is just, it's it's, it's savoring. So the guy That, he used to be her assistant, right? Yes. Or hand stylist or something like that? Yes, something like that. He was making videos, walking around three days trying to get all this information out.


He said she got a boo over in London that she cheated on in DC with and he know because he flew over there to cover for her. Yeah. And I would never hire him ever. And he called us off her friend and then he got online and started fake crying. How, You know, he telling the truth though. We Don't, So no, we don't know. He telling if he telling the truth or not. Well I, I reached out And I got Of Course you did. Who the hell you did Yy Mani are the friend I spoke to Yy. Of course you Did. And I have a statement from yy. It says I'm human and right now I'm grieving the loss of someone who was like a brother to me. She's talking about the guy that made the videos. Brian wasn't just a friend, he was was family. This has been incredibly painful. I truly appreciate all the love and support my family has been shown during this time. It means more than I can express. As for everything that has been said, I'm choosing to handle it privately.


Not everything needs to be picked apart in the public and speaking on it right now. I'm gonna bring any good, only more noise. So I appreciate those giving me the space and our space to protect our peace. That's Why I love Lui. 'cause AKA he dead to me. Ha crazy. She said you could say that on there. Yeah. Okay. Okay. It was a statement From her because that's what that is. That was a long statement that didn't ask for privacy. Did I'm just saying she love you Yy But that was very long statement just to say hey, She keep it real cute. She, she Think she always matched keeping it cute. Probably the nice little speaking engagement dress. What she sent it. Alright. Thing I wanted to show y'all Barack Obama Emini here. Barack and Michelle. Because they, they broke up too. No, they together date night in New York.


'cause we're talking about black love. Oh that's dope. Date night And Stop playing with them. Yeah, they were out in New York. Alright, Salute to them. Alright, that's nice. Well that is the latest with Lauren Now Miss Florida, let's get to the People's Choice Mix. It's The Breakfast Club. Good morning, You are checking out The Breakfast Club Morning Everybody. It's DJ Envy. Just hilarious. Charlemagne the guy. We are The Breakfast Club. I do not have shows this weekend, but June 13th, that's Friday and June 14th. That's a Saturday. I'll be in Pittsburgh. Y'all Homestead Pennsylvania. That's right outside of Pittsburgh. Get your tickets. I'll be at the Funny Bone. We got four shows. That's two on Friday and two on Saturday. So get your tickets for that. Me and my brother Desi Alexander will be hitting the stage. And we haven't been to Pennsylvania in a long time.


We haven't been to Pittsburgh in a while, so I know y'all love me. Although I done trade it. I I I'm a trader. 'cause remember I was a Steelers fan. Right. And then, but you know, when I married Chris, I had to become a Baltimore Ravens fan. And I know it's crazy that I wasn't already a Baltimore Ravens fan, but I I didn't get into football until I got to high school And I went to high school in Pennsylvania. It was either the, the the Eagles or the Sailers and the Sailers were killing. I think you always wanted to be a Ravens fan. Ashton is a Ravens fan. Your father's a Ravens fan. Yes. I don't think you should give CA crazy I've Ever done that. Yeah, because you Oh I shouldn't, yeah, I shouldn't give him that credit. Yeah, because you don't switch. You didn't stop eating soul food and want Mexican food more just because Mexican. I Just saying. Oh, maybe she did.


Do you eat more tacos? Listen, get your tickets y'all. Jess lawrence official.com. June 13th and 14th. Homestead Pa Oh, Pittsburgh, pa I will be there. That's right. I will say just want a bunch of kids now. I she usually just want one more Now it's like gimme seven. Yeah. Not, not seven. Probably like two more. That's it. Seven kids is a Mexican dozen Mexican. Alright, now that weekend I'm, it's Father's Day weekend And I'm gonna be out in Atlantic City. Salute of vibes cartel. Actually we bring our vibes cartel to Atlantic City. Oh wow. Yes. So Where the hell they gonna have vibes at in Atlantic City? I love Atlantic City. But what, what place is big enough to hold vibes cartel in Atlantic City? It's not gonna be as big. So it's gonna be, it's gonna be nice and quaint. Let me give you the Ain't no way we saying it.


You saying it on the radio. It's gonna be so many people out there. It's gonna be sold loud real fast. He's coming crazy to the Boardwalk Hall. The Boardwalk Hall in Atlantic City. Boardwalk Hall is not that big. I like Boardwalk Hall though. My daughter has a lot of cheerleading competitions there. Yeah. So he's gonna be at the Boardwalk Hall Father's Day weekend. So that be lit. Get your tickets. It will sell out. Let me see how many it holes. 'cause I'm curious, man. 14,770. There must be another part of Boardwalk Hall. I don't know about this. There You go. 14,000 June 14th. The show is at nine o'clock. It's gonna be me, vibes Cartel, DJ Self and Nori DJ Nori. So we got a lot of fun. We got a salute. Humble, a poet for joining us this morning. Salute my guy. Humble, the poet he is. Got a new book out. Unanxious 50 Simple Truths to help overthink his feel less stress and more calm.


That's right. That's right. And you got a positive note. I do. And it's simple, man. Treat people the way you want to be treated. Talk to people the way you want to be talked. To. Respect is earned, not given. Have a blessed day. Breakfast Club bitches. Y'all finish or y'all Done


meetings, deadlines, emails, millions of notifications. Don't you wish you could escape the chaos? Fortunately that's where the all new Nissan Murano comes in with available features like the relaxing, massaging seats to ease stress and the beautiful skyline views that bring in natural light. It's like cruising in your own personal oasis. And if you need to set a vibe, 64 colors of personalized lighting and a bold premium sound system. Have you covered? Hands down. The all new Nissan Murano is your stress-free getaway because sometimes the greatest rush isn't rushing at all. Drive the all new Nissan Murano today. Panoramic, Moonroof, ambient lighting, bows and massaging. Leather appointed seats are optional features.


Okay, have you heard about this? Last year the green changed the formula for their cool rush deodorant. Their fans rebelled and wanted the old s sent back and degree. Listen, that doesn't happen often. They admit they effed up and are bringing the original cool rush sent back. Now it's exactly how you remember it. Cool. Crisp and fresh. It's the reason, it's the the number one men's anti per sprint and it's back in Walmart, target, and other stores now for under $4. So try it and see what the fuss is about. Head to your local Walmart or Target to try the OG degree. Cool Rush for yourself.


Taking control of your career is empowering. Just don't tell my boss I said that. Building a career is it just about a job. It's about creating a path that impacts our community and future generations. Whether you're starting out or making big moves, State Farm is here to support you with resources to help protect what you're working hard to achieve. They've got your back every step of the way because like a good neighbor State Farm is there. Find out more at State Farm dot com.


At t has a new guarantee because most things in life are not guaranteed. In a world where nothing is guaranteed, at t is bringing something new to the table. At and t is introducing a guarantee. With connectivity you depend on deals you want in service, you deserve, or they make it right. Learn more at att.com/guarantee. At&t connecting changes everything. Terms and conditions apply. Visit att.com/guarantee for details.


You're listening to an iHeartPodcasts.