
Life is an act of constant reinvention that's true for you and for cause. Nissan Reimagined the all new kicks around you. The Bowles Personal plus sound system with speakers in the headrest keeps you in the groove while the Nissan Safety Shield 360 technologies keep you safe. If Nissan invented the kicks, you can reinvent yourself. Drive the all new Reimagined Nissan Kicks today. Available features compatible device service and consumer activation of Nissan Connect Services. Package required use only when safe and legal subject to third party service availability. For more information, see Nissan usa.com/connect/legal. Apple CarPlay is a trademark of Apple Link. Intelligent all-wheel drive cannot prevent collisions or provide enhanced traction in all conditions. Always monitor traffic and weather conditions.


Taking control of your career is empowering. Just don't tell my boss I said that. Building a career is it just about a job. It's about creating a path that impacts our community and future generations. Whether you're starting out or making big moves, State Farm is here to support you with resources to help protect what you're working hard to achieve. They've got your back every step of the way because like a good neighbor State Farm is there. Find out more at State Farm dot com.


At t has a new guarantee because most things in life are not guaranteed. In a world where nothing is guaranteed, at and t is bringing something new to the table At t is introducing a guarantee. With connectivity, you depend on deals you want and service you deserve, or they make it right. Learn more at att.com/guarantee. At&t connecting changes everything, terms and conditions apply. Visit att.com/guarantee for details.


Have you seen this new commercial from Standup to All Hate? It's Snoop Dogg and Tom Brady spewing hate at each other. But when you really listen to them, the reasons are just so stupid. This one really stopped me. It's a strong reminder that hate in our country continues to be out of control. So join us at The Breakfast Club and standing up to it. If you see hate speak up, call it out and learn more by following at what's Up with Hate. Good morning. USA. Yo. Yo. Yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo, yo yo, yo yo. Just hilarious. Hey Gold. What's up Charlemagne the guy. Peace To the Planet. It is Friday. Hey, good morning.


How y'all feel out there? I feel blessed Black and Holly favored. Oh, happy to be here another day to serve our beautiful listeners. My microphone dropped. You all right? Yeah. My microphone dropped. Can't have the microphone drop today, baby. It's Valentine's Day, baby. You that microphone attention all day. That's right. Happy Valentine's Day to all the lovers out there. Yeah. Ain't nobody got time for that though. Don't put no extra pressure on yourself today. Don't put no extra pressure on yourself, you know, to do anything extra. Don't put no extra pressure on yourself, you know, to perform amazingly in the bedroom tonight. Like that should be your mentality all the time anyway. Because when you put it extra, but you gotta go no extra harder. No. You got a little extra harder on Valentines. Yes you do. No, you don't just be yourself. Like if you gotta go extra hard on Valentine's Day, that mean that you ain't been doing what you've been supposed to be doing.


You know? Right. Any other Time? Many. And that's the case in America in many in families and homes. So yeah. Damn. So try extra hard. But I enjoyed my birthday yesterday. It was amazing. Did You do the sh shrimp? I Absolutely not. No. I couldn't go because Chris had a whole day planned. Y'all planned to just shroom and chill with my sister and my man. Chris was like, no, we going out. We going out. So what you do A spa day? I got a facial. Nice body massage for 90 minutes. Yo. I couldn't just do an hour. So I did a full body massage and then I thought me and him was just going to dinner. He told me, get dog that we went to dinner, kitchen and cocktails in DC and we sat at this big table. I thought that he was, you know, he was trying to kick me in, called Meto.


I look up 20 minutes later, I see my sister, my cousin, who I haven't seen in a while, shout out to Brittany Sheena and her girlfriend, you know, her friend and everything. So to your team, Your peoples. Yes. That Dope. And I was just so happy. I'm just like, awe, that was amazing. Even though I didn't wanna do nothing, I was happy that he put that together. Yeah. I'm Chris, What the you gonna do to dating? Oh, I don't know. But oh, we got, we got the, the event. But I don don't know what he's doing before that. And tomorrow you got something planned too. Damn drop on bonds. Chris. He really Mexican. He got here working hard as hell. Yo. Suck up man. What If that's the black side? Why we keep on giving, you give a lot of credit to that side because They, they do work hard.


Yeah. And that side of family ain't even, And I don't even know where they at now. They ain't even show up. So don't You know where They at? You know where they at? Lemme check. You know Where they at. It's very quiet at your house, Chris. Where everybody, They ain't call The World. They haven't called to check on the baby in a minute. They ain't trying to come past. I was like, they alright Man. You're stupid. I Hate y'all. I hate y'all. I hate y'all. Well salute to all the dance dads. I'm out at another dance convention competition. We actually in Boston, so we had to drive here last night. But my daughters have to be on stage, I think at 11:00 AM So they gotta be down there at nine 30 to start warming up. So I'm out there.


So I got the two little ones with me and my wife with me. So we gonna just do Valentine's out in Boston. So amazing. If you got a good restaurant in Boston or something cool to do, let me know and we'll pull up. Because right now it's dance that everybody, I just woke everybody up with yelling. Good moon in us. They looking at me like, what the hell? What about you Shala like, dude, what am I doing today? I'm, I'm going to see Captain America and that should check off the Valentine's box 'cause there's a Red Hulk. Okay, so Red is usually the color for Valentine's Day. So I'm going to see, okay, I'm going to see Captain America later. That's what I'm going to do. Damn. My man ain't to say New World. My man ain't even say, yeah, me and my wife going to go. He said, I'm gonna lie, Lie I'm going to go see Captain America And I a Red Hulk And it's a Red Hulk.


So it's, it's that's right. Valentine's Hulk. That's right. And I got, I got four, five girls at the house. I got my four daughter And I like you. Ain't everybody got time for all of this. Okay, I get it. I Ready. Jesus. All right. Well Drew Ski will be joining us. Ladies and gentlemen. Drew Ski. Drew ain't got no Valentine either. He looking for one 'cause he got a new series called Could have Been Love. Could Have Been Love. That's right. Could have been Love. And don't nobody show Studs. Love like Druke drop on the clues, bombs, studs. Y'all need to build a statue for Druke outside of a Footlocker or whoever y'all be shopping at. You know what, Emini here? I Jesus. First of all, Uhuh, You know, you know that's the thing. Straight men trying to holler at studs, you know, that's like a thing, right? Well yo, that's Yeah, it's a whole thing. It's a video. Video game's A whole game.


Yeah. They look at it like a video game. What? Yeah. That's so sad. It vibrated the joystick. What? Anyway, goodbye. Also too, you know, a lot of people are organizing boycotts of different retail stores that have rolled back DEI initiatives. But you know, there's also black people who have products in these stores. Correct. So we're bringing up a few of them today. Melissa Butler of the Lit Bar. Yes. Ion Rucker Jameson and Ellen Rucker. Sellers of Rucker Roots. They will be here to talk about being black people that have products in those, in those stores. That's right. So Detroit and South Carolina, North Carolina stand the effort. You talk in a little bit. Alright, well let's get the show Cracking.


Salute to Oyo Eli, you know, he's the biggest Drake fan and of course Drake and Party released the album. So I asked him what's the biggest record? What the record he loved the most? And he said, give me a hug. So let's start the show. Show. Oh, that's how I know Oyo Eli don't got no holes. Oh yeah. O Eli don't have a stitch of vagina lined up for the day. If, if I don I only got the track Track 11 if that's the record he picked. And he definitely don't have no woman on Valentine's Day at all. You picked the one rap record. I don't know if you follow him, but if you follow him, he's always in his bedroom by himself talking to Drake. So I can see why. Alright. Right. Well here it is. Is Gimme a hug. You, you get the one Rap record Off Club album. It's The Breakfast Club. I, I've only gotten to track 11.


I can't sit here and act like I care because I've never li liked when Drake sings. So I don't have an opinion on this album thus far. Plus I haven't heard the, the whole thing yet. But when I heard Gimme a Hug, I'm like, okay, Drake, gimme a hug is crazy. It is Valentine's Day. Can you be a little nicer to Out there? Jesus. I do. Drake, Drake can still rap. But it's like, Eli, you pick the one rap record. I I only got the track 11 but outta all the tracks I heard they were all RB songs and tell Gimme a hug. You picked the one rap record to put play only. Well morning everybody, we at The Breakfast Club. You only got track number. How Tracks is on The album. There's 21, there's 21 tracks on there. Jesus. All 21 tracks on there. Well we are The Breakfast Club. Let's get in some front page news.


Alright, now let's start off with sports. This is All Star Weekend. So tonight is the Ry celebrity game. So Drew Ski will be playing the celebrity game. We'll talk to him about that. Saturday. They're actually doing the HBCU classic, which is gonna be two HBCUs playing against each other. Morehouse College during N All Star weekend. Yeah, this is like the second, third year they've done this. So yeah. So, okay, Morehouse, does Trump know? Prob probably not. I wanted to ask you, 'cause a promoter asked me to book me Juneteenth, do we still celebrate Juneteenth or we gonna have off that day? 'cause he was asking, I was like, I don't know what Trump got on this, on the schedule yet. Damn Juneteenth. If we, we still should do it. Yeah, if, if, if you celebrating Juneteenth is based on what a white man thinks, then you don't need to celebrate Juneteenth. But you're not really black.


So I already knew that. No, I'm really black, but I'm asking because people usually have off that Monday. But if they're not giving federal workers off that Monday, then we can't, we can't have a party on Sunday. We gotta have it on Saturday. I'm Not a federal worker. All right. But a lot, this is a Private, this is a private company, But also Saturday they have the three point contest and the slam dunk contest. And Sunday is the G League rising stars and the All Star game at 8:00 PM So if you wanted your all star schedule, that's what it is. But good morning Morgan. Good morning. Good morning guys. Happy Valentine's Day. And most importantly, cheers to the FN week in DJ NB Charlemagne guy and Jack B. Morgan. Happy Valentine's Day. Hey. Alright, let's get into it y'all. So, top of the headlines, it was a busy day at the, yesterday at the White House.


President Trump provided updates regarding the Russian Ukraine war. He met with India's prime minister and he announced that he is implementing a new round of reciprocal tariffs. Now, speaking from the White House, Trump said, he said that add a value added tax systems used by other countries will be considered tariffs and further elaborated on which countries have the worst tariffs. Let's hear more from President Trump. Whatever they charge us, we're charging them. So it works out very well. It's very, it's it's a beautiful, simple system. And we don't have to worry about g charging too much or too little. Traditionally. India's right at the top of the pack, pretty much. There are a couple of smaller countries that are actually more, but India's a very, very, they, they charge tremendous tariffs.


Yeah. I don't know if y'all heard about it, but you know, today he put tariffs on chocolate flowers, hotel rooms, restaurants that are four star mall hallmark cars that got hearts on them. Stop, stop it. Stop. I don if you hurt, but last. Yes. What today is, is the morning. Just because You don't wanna go do nothing today, romantic, don't mean you gotta mess it up for everybody else. I'm just telling you what Trump did. Nah, I don't do that. Trump said that other countries will want to have their companies in the us The president said prices for some things could go up, but ultimately will come down. Now, comm Commerce secretary nominee, Howard Lutnick said the tariffs could go in effect by the beginning of April. Okay. Charmagne. Oh my God. He just put tariffs on teddy bears. It just came through on, on X Teddy bears too now.


Yes. This is crazy. Oh my gosh. And of course all of this comes as the consumer price index report did go up. Inflation year over year. Went up 3% in January. It looks like we're running out of time. So I'm gonna reserve the rest of the stories for seven, if that's okay with you guys and edible arrangements. Wanna be playing. Yo, shut Up. Yo, to me, ed Morgan Edible arrange You're welcome. Just gonna hit with tariff. We'll see you next hour. And happy Valentine's Morgan. Yes. I'll see y'all at seven o'clock. This is Crazy. Get it off your chest. 805 8 5 1 0 5. What if you need to vent? Phone lines are wide open. Again, 805 8 5 1 0 5 1. If you're single on Valentine's and you're lonely and you just want to spread some cheer or, or talk about your gallant times, you can call up here.


We'll show you love and compassion and all that stuff. In talking Something, I don't wanna see too many lonely women. I see too many women juggling, to be honest with you. I even Cora ruined things a few years ago when she said, girls are players too. These women is out here juggling. You hear me lying about their period being on so they don't gotta share that box two or three times today. Yes. Listen, it was a hard job for me once upon, let Call us now. It's The Breakfast Club. Good morning. The Breakfast Club. This is your time to get it off your chest. Whether you're mad or Blessed, I hate the way that you walk, the way that you talk. I hate the way that you dress. Everything with me is blessed. Call up next (800) 585-1051.


Not just me, I'm with the coach of Philly. Hello. Who's this? Michelle? It's Me about The girl who called about her car. Hey, Michelle. Oh, did you? How did that work out for you? It worked out great. I wanna thank you Charlamagne and The Breakfast Club. All of the listeners that donated take the time out to go to your cash app and donate your hard earned money. Means a lot to me. So I just wanna say thank you guys so much from the bottom of my heart. I I'm about up. Thank you guys so much. Did you get enough to get that? So you got the Jetta back? Yes, I did. Thank you. Thank you Guys. Oh, that's amazing. We love you baby Girl. You Got a Valentine's today? No, I'm, that's, that's the furthest thing from my Mind. That's right. You got the Jetta Though. That's right.


Yes. Thank you guys. Have a good day. All You too. Now, if you don't know, she called a couple of weeks ago crying. They were about to tow her car and she needed it for work and she was asking for help and The Breakfast Club listeners and Charlemagne and, and, and people, you know, helped her out and she was able to get that out. So yeah, I'm glad that happened. I'm glad she wasn't lying 'cause there was a little thing that people said she might be lying. I Know ain't no people. That was you. And you know what else, you know what else I respect? I respect the fact that she don't care about, you know, Valentine's Day. She like, that's the furthest thing in My mind. Exactly as it's as it's supposed to be. You know? Hello, who's this? Good morning. It's your boy Luby from the Bronx. My sister club family. Love. What's up? Love. What's up Luby? Just, first of all, I want to say happy born day, my born day's a week away from your, just so I'm happy you're selling and you get to you and your hubby.


Get to do your thing. I I love to see that black love. Thank You. Thank you so much Larry. And, and sha Uncle Sha There's something I didn't, you didn't touch on that I want to put in the air. In 1811, the biggest slavery vote popped off in New Orleans. I know that got ignored and washed over for the Super Bowl, but I just want to acknowledge our, our revol people. Mm. Okay. Absolutely. Okay. Totally understand. What you doing for Valentine's Day? Can I say it one year? Emini Here if you want to. I don't Yeah, Go Ahead. Well, I'm supposed to be getting a Manu, but, but I'm trying to keep it under the cap because Yeah, yeah. Last year my ex tried to control the manu. She tried to tell me my, the other girl couldn't make me.


So it was, it was a whole thing. So I'm, I could, I'm hoping I can regulate this Time. Is it you and your ex again with another woman or two different women. Oh, that's why I can't stay shy. I gotta be good. Shout out to the white. Be out there, man. You know who you are. Well, it's Valentine's Day, you know what I'm saying? So Emini here, to be honest with you, there are a lot of women out here that don't have one. So the fact that I, you know, you, you are, you know, sharing yourself with too says a lot about you. You a giver lovey, you know? Yes, Yes. We supposed to be a giver, not a borrower. I I have no problem with that. You know what, Emini here, like, I don't, I think it's very selfish for you not to share yourself with more than one woman. If that's what the woman wants. Exactly. And I got a perfect two scenario. We'll talk about that after the air.


And shout out to the Lauren, Lars of The World that don't have a king to fill that void. Jesus. I got Jesus. You Lauren. I'm gonna be honest with you. Love you. Lauren. Might have too many. And then see that's what we're going to, I want to talk about that at some time this morning. Some of these women who have, you know, three and four guys, they juggling. They end up with nothing on Valentine's Day because of Thank you Lovey. Get off your Chest game. Juggling. Right. When I used to juggle, babe. What? You had a talk to 'em. Listen, stop playing with me. That's give girls Some game that's juggling three and four today. Yeah, I sure will. Later on. 805 8 5 1 0 5 1. Get it off your chest. It's The Breakfast Club. Good morning. The Breakfast Club. Wake up.


This is your time to get off your chest, man. We wanna hear from you on The Breakfast Club. Hello. Who's this? Andre from Baltimore. What's up Andre? Give off your chest. Yeah, I just wanted to wish my wife a happy Valentine's Day, Trina. Maybe. I love you Also my daughters Danielle Treasure and Kam. Wanna wish them had be Valentine's Day kind of going through it this year. My, my girls ain't little girls no more. They got their own Valentine's, so. Oh. Thinking about how a little bit. But it's all good. 15 to How old? They Oh, okay. 15 to 16. All right. We'll still do something special for them anyway. Get them flowers, Teddy beers, chocolate. Let 'em know. Daddy loves him regardless.


Yo, Donald Trump just put a tar. All Those things didn't you better go check the prices. Yo Teddy bears $75 for a small one right now. My baby's worth it. My baby's worth. And it's all right. Your girls. I'm On my way there now. Just getting off of work on my way to go pick up some four hours of candy or something. There You go. There you go. I Guess they'll always love daddy, so don't even worry about it. Oh, y'all have a go Alright Too, Lou, do the guy who ain't po who ain't paid child support in years, but they going to get flowers and candy for they babies today. No, boy, he sounds, he sound like, who was You talking about? Just came in swinging the negative today. Right. I'm not being negative. I'm being realistic. There's another side to this that y'all ain't seeing.


Okay. Hello. Who's this? DJ Envy? Just hilarious. Charlamagne Ard. Good morning, Peace King. Oh Jesus, Rob. It's ball time. What's Happening? Y'all already know what it is. Listen, man, before, before I get into that man, I just want to shout out my wife Crystal Man. Today is our anniversary. So I want to say happy birthday man to my beautiful wife. May God bless us with many, many more these anniversaries to come. You know what, Emini here. All right? Yes Sir. That's amazing. Y y'all anniversary on Valentine's Day. That's amazing. Yeah, that's, that's when, that's when I get it. You know we got married on that day, so it's a beautiful thing, man. Happy Valentine's Day.


But listen y'all, it's ball time man. We back. Let's go. Listen. I told him a new year, just more flavor from the hill to the hilltops. I'm stepping hard to bring back butter. Exposing the ready rock. Thought it was done. Five heartbeat high. A word play is deadly, but the popularity wins the bet. So with a co sign, I make sure they flat line for the internet. This is it. What? Let's get rich Leukemia pouring. Watch the cab flow. The heat was already roll. Keep your camp low. I raise the stakes. This is for the real, that sun sign that will create a space. Fill it with substance then walk on a punchline.


Og. Oh okay. OG Valentine's Day. Let's go. Charlotte cleaned out that back. He looking for action in that back door. Smaller big. He want that whole tour. He wanted to yell. Yo yo, yo, yo yo, yo yo, yo yo, yo yo, yo yo. Yeah. Yeah, yeah, yeah. Boss, boss, boss. Oh God. All right. Here I go shorty. I'm there for you anytime. You need me for real girl. It's me in your world. Believe me. Nothing makes a man feel better than a woman queen With a crying first of All. Come on, women gonna stop this somebody else. What Smith Is Already somebody? How you gonna steal Somebody Else's boss? What'd you say?


How you gonna steal Met Man's boss and it's not herpes. What are you talking about? I said there are a few things that's forever like herpes and y'all need to think about that when y'all out here juggling three and four men on Valentine's Day. Wow. So negative today. Thank you Oog. I appreciate y'all. Have a good weekend. Be blessed y'all. Alright, get it off your chest. 805 8 5 1 0 5 1. Now we got just with the mess coming up. What we talking about? Drake dropped that. Well p and d and Drake dropped and he coming at Kendrick a little bit. So we gonna get into it. On The Love album. On the Love album. He had threw some shots at Kenny. Not, not, not as hard as that shot. He threw, threw at Joe Button back On the Love album though.


We'll Talk about it. That's yeah, that's how I know he Canadian. 'cause he don't even understand Coach at all talking crazy like that. What he said to Joe Button. My daddy told me to never say to a man unless you ready to die. Kill or, or it. Oh we Uhuh. Oh yeah, we gonna have to get into that when we Get back. Yeah. This you freaky man. It's freaky, freaky fry. You Ain. Freaky. That's your light-skinned Bren ain't got nothing to do with me. Just the messes up next. The Breakfast Club morning everybody. It's DEJ Envy, Jess Charlemagne the guy. We are The Breakfast Club. Let's get to Happy Valenti Day. Where my candles at God don't like ugly. You don't even, that's why you ain't Got Valentine.


Don't like ugly. And that's exactly why you ain't got no Valentine ugly. Where this Oh You so Mad Moore just don't do no lying. Don't nobody Worldwide on The Breakfast Club. She's a ship. She was able to get y'all to see something and understand something that nobody could get you to see. It's time to set it on. So let's get into it. All right now Drake threw some shots at some people. Oh yes he did. On the RB album. It's a rap too. It's a vibe. Okay. Oh, okay. So, so we gonna start with the Yeah, the shots. So first of all, and gimme a hug.


Let's take a listen 'cause he throws some shots at and Gimme a hug. Yes. Track 11 raining in Houston. But we immediately go to the the smoke. Oh Yeah, we do because that's crazy. People, if anybody tuning in is gonna act like they didn't tune into this album to hear if there would be more smoke. You're lying. That is what, yeah, it's not watching. I ain't, yeah. Did you, did you listen to it? I, I didn't. Okay. It was Yesterday was my birthday. Last thing I was thinking about was drizzly. Well look, Yeah, it came out on midnight. Anyway, but yeah, I love the fact that he's rapping. I like Drake rapping. The singing songy stuff is cool. But I like when he, But it's an RB album. He told us it was gonna be an RB album with party. I didn't think that there was gonna be any smoke on the album. 'cause I know Drake don't want nothing. Nah, Especially with Kendrick.


He, he still, he's still poking. And I will say there's one line where he actually mentions the, not like us Boo. Stayed half a nick. It's okay. We gonna keep going. You gonna keep Going? What did He say? He said, he said basically he just makes, he's saying Kendrick is I, yo you not like us. And he's saying, no, you not like me. That was a slight shot. Now here's another one he talks about. He put, he talks about Lauren Could be making this up by the way. He could just be singing not like us Lauren. Just Somewhere. Why would D Drake put not like us in a song after not like us after five,


The World is constantly changing. It's up to you to decide how to respond. Choose to be bold to try something new. Choose to reinvent yourself. That's what Nissan did with the all new totally reimagined kicks. The dynamic new exterior styling immediately announces that Nissan isn't messing around the interior. A completely redesigned cabin with premium features like wireless apple car play and a panoramic moonroof make driving a kicks impressive and exciting. And with new performance and safety features like intelligent all-wheel drive, the kicks is both more fun and safer to drive than ever before. It's the dawning of a brand new era for the Nissan Kicks. Only one question remains. Is it a new era for you as well? Drive the all new reimagine Nissan Kicks today Available feature. Bose is a registered trademark of the Bose Corporation Nissan Safety Shield technologies can't prevent all collisions or worn in all situations. See owner's manual for important safety information.


At and t has a new guarantee because most things in life are not guaranteed. Like actually getting the rental call you requested or your wedding turning out just like you dreamed it would. And someone making another pot of coffee in the break room after drinking the last drop of the last one. Yeah, don't get me started. Not guaranteed. In The World where nothing is guaranteed at t is bringing something new to the table. At t is introducing a guarantee. With connectivity, you depend on deals you want and service you deserve or they make it right. So if you wanna know more about the at t guarantee, head to att.com/guarantee. ATT connecting changes everything, terms and conditions apply. Visit att.com/guarantee for details.


Hey fam, if you like me, you're thinking about how to level up in your career. Maybe you're fresh outta college, just start in your field or even look at the switch things up. Add find your true calling. Whatever stage you're in, remember that this is your time to grow, to learn and to build something that lasts. State Farm understands that early career development is key to long-term success. They've been a steady presence in our communities and they know that having the right support early on can make all the difference. State Farm is there to help you make smart moves and to help you get the coverage you need. We all know the journey to success is a marathon, not a sprint. It's about staying focused, staying grounded, and making sure you're protected every step of the way. Let's build our careers with confidence knowing that State Farm is there to support us just like they've always been because like a good neighbor State Farm is there. Find out more@stateforum.com.


Ready to celebrate the magic of live Music South by Southwest Music Festival returns to Austin, Texas this March 10th through the 15th with a fresh lineup of legendary and rising talent. Join a global community of music lovers, artists, industry professionals and creatives at the 2025 South by Southwest Music Festival with hundreds of showcasing artists performing across six days in over 50 venues. Discovery is right around the corner at South by Southwest. Explore the lineup@sxsw.com.


Grammy Wins after the Super Bowl. Drake is not slow and we not gonna s that after y Thought it was like a shot being thrown. There's more. He's Not like me. There's more. So listen to this. This is off of a song called Brian Steele. You know Brian Steele is a young thug's attorney. Let's take a listen to him talking about putting a beef aside. Y'all did you just yawn? I was yawning when I was listening to it. Riding in yo Riding into work this morning. So he's referencing the tweet when Young Thug tweeted at Drake Future at Metro and said, yo, we are brothers. Music ain't the same without us. We need to collab. But if y'all need to wake up, I got some songs. There was Another part where he said he don't care about the, he don't care about rap beef if he too busy trying to get the party. Exactly. And he dropped some. There are some records on here for the party. One of my favorite Nokia.


Now let's take a listen to this song. Yo Jess, I'm about to zoom it on your face right now. I know Party. So mad Party gotta be like, man you waited all this time to do this album with me and this is the best we got. And that's the thing for me. I feel like this was more of a Drake album than a a PARTYNEXTDOOR album. Even though there are some sexy songs on here. Drake definitely dominated this album. Yeah, You're absolutely right Lauren. I don't feel party on this album at all. I only got the track 11, but I don't feel party on this album at all. You know what I'm saying? I've never been a fan of Drake singing. I do like Party. But something about what I've heard on this project thus far. It just feels manufactured. It lacks soul. It's like, it's like AI and B. Yeah, but I would say maybe it's not for you. 'cause he does it for his core fans that him in that area.


Listen, no, I'm just telling you what you saying because you, you don't like Drake regardless. You don't like s that you don't like Drake when he walks. You don't like Drake when he talks. You don't like Drake when he gets a haircut. You just don't like Drake and that's fine. That's not for you. But these are for his core fans we're Talking about. I like Rapper Drake. You just don't like if Drake can Put out The best record ever. I'm a fan of Drake. I will say, this was when I heard it. I said, oh this is old. This is the old Drake party. Drake the good Drake. But it doesn't hit like the whole wave of Kendrick we just heard. And I hate to have to compare him to that. And I think that's what's happening right now. But you can't compare it. It's even, it is a good project Though. Don't hit it. Don't even hit like I thought it was a good project. It's definitely not. Party is like a a a a seed aary on This topic. It ain't even a bold, it don't even hit take Kendrick out of it.


It's not even, it don't even hit like old Drake. I agree. What you talking about? Y'all gotta listen and hold from start to finish. Not here on air. I listened to it twice and it, it's actually good. Like the Nokia record is good. The Demetra Padres with Chino. I was confused about that. He's like rapping in Spanish but glorious. He gives like an old to like Ice Spice and sexy drill that that was for the club. Like it's, I'm I'm just not comparing, I'm definitely not comparing it to kind to judge's point. I'm comparing it to older Drake. Like I've heard better Drake r and b or better Drake singing this Ain't You Thought you was getting mix tape Drizzy. We are so far removed from that. Shalem Didn't never like no touch. Drake has Always, that's not true. Saying been stricter Drake for a long time. And that's what we got right now. That's Exactly what it feels Like. Sri or Drake is where we've been at for a minute. The spritzer in the Summertime.


It's the main affection. It feels like I and B, there's no soul to it. Yeah man Party usually be having soul. Some of the songs that's, that's better than we should have played them. And I'll tell you one thing. Nokia Nokia is a vibe. Y'all, y'all are, I tell you nothing. Drake and Joe got a squabble too, by the way. Okay. Qua Drake and Joe Button got a Quabble. I think so Too. This generation different, you don't invite men to your genitals or tell men they suck the genitals unless you wanna fight, kill, or suck something. I made you calling that man a D sucker. God dang. He definitely did. Jesus Christ. Y'all need to go listen to Nokia off the, off the, this album. I listen To the Album this weekend. I am, I'm gonna listen to it. Wake up Jess. The windshield wipers are going and it ain't even raining man.


Baby, youre the same. Alright. The windshield wipers are going. It ain't even raining. Well that is Jess with the mess. Thank you Jess. Thank. Thank you Lauren. Alright, when we come back, Morgan will be joining us and then Druke will be in the building. So don't go anywhere. It is The Breakfast Club. Good morning, Wake up. Wake up. You're locked into The Breakfast Club. Morning everybody. It's DJNV Jess. Hilarious. Charlamagne the guy. We are The Breakfast Club. Let's get in some front page news now, some quick sports. This is Allstar weekend. So they got a bunch of things lined up. Tonight is the celebrity game. Saturday is the HBCU game. Morehouse versus Tuskegee. And of course the Allstar game goes down on Sunday. What's up Morgan?


What's up is it's Valentine's Day. Are y'all in the mood for love or no? Absolutely. I Guess. Yeah, sure. Let's do it. Yo, yes. Yo, you, I, you know what? Married Charlamagne this morning And I just can't, lemme try to get through the snooze. Okay, we going love on the news. President Trump met with any prime Minister Na Modi at the White House yesterday in a press conference. After the meeting, he praised the relationship between India and said and the US and said they will begin, or we, the US will begin selling military equipment to India. The gag is though the Prime Minister's visit also follows a controversial US deportation flight earlier this month. That's all over a hundred Indian migrants returned to their home country in other foreign affairs.


President Trump says Ukraine will be involved in peace talks too in the war, but there will be a separate line of communication between the US and Russia. He made those comments yesterday from the Oval Office. Let's take a listen to Trump's comments on the Ukrainian Russian war. They're part of it. We would have Ukraine, would've Russia, and we'll have other people involved too. A lot of people, a lot of, a lot of forks in the, a lot of forks in this game. I'll tell you what, this is a very interesting situation. But the Ukraine war has to end. The young people are being killed at levels that nobody's seen since World War ii. And it's a ridiculous war and it has to end. We had a good talk with President Putin. I had a good talk with President Zelinsky.


Very good talk. So a spokesman for the Kremlin said it could take a few months to set up a meeting between President Trump and Russian president Vladimir Putin. He signaled such a meeting might take place in Saudi Arabia in the capital city of Riyadh. This comes after us. Defense secretary Pete Hegseth told allies, the administration does not support NATO membership for Ukraine. And a return to the country's pre-war borders is unlikely. So they are gonna have to move forward. We're basically not going back to how things were. Meanwhile, the ceasefire agreement between Israel and Hamas appears to be back on course after the militant group said it will release Israeli hostages this weekend as previously planned. Remember, there is a 12:00 PM deadline.


Israel and Hamas were disputing over the Gaza ceasefire deal as Israeli officials declined to confirm if they will abide by the ceasefire terms, even if Hamas releases the hostages. So Hamas has postponed the plan release after it accused Israel of violating the troops by not allowing aid supplies to enter the war torn region. But as of right now, it does seem like the ceasefire agreement is still on and the hostages are on Schedule two be released. Now, whether or not Israel, how Israel reacts to that remains to be determined in other news. Robert F. Kennedy Jr. He is now the new head of the Department of Health and Human Services. He was sworn in yesterday afternoon in the Oval Office as President Trump watched.


The Senate voted 52 to 48 Kentucky Senator Mitch McConnell was the only Republican to vote against. Kennedy Democrats pointed to past comments made by Kennedy Jr. Related to his reported criticism of vaccines and as their reason why they chose not to support him. Now, RFK Jr was interviewed by Fox, Fox News last night where he said the US spends heavy on healthcare despite being a vast sick population. Let's hear more from RFK Jr. What we're gonna do is give people good science. We don't have good safety studies on almost any of the vaccines. We spend two to three times what other countries pay for healthcare. And we have the worst health outcomes. We literally have the sickest population in The World.


So Kennedy Jr. Said he aims to refocus US health priorities away from infectious diseases. He's also talked about getting rid of getting rid of ultra processed foods. Emini Here, Emini here. I I I do have thoughts on that because, you know, that is one thing that I will say, you know, even when you look at, you know, the Department of Education, they do spend so much money on education in this country, so much money on healthcare in this country. But we don't have great either best, like we don't have, we don't have the best healthcare system or we don't have the best educational system. So there is, there is something to that when I, when I'm like, damn, they do dump a lot of money in those things, but things aren't getting better. So are, is the money actually going to those things? Do you feel like a shock to the system, which is what I believe is happening now, is probably what's necessary.


I don't know if what they're doing is de remedy. I'm just simply saying when somebody raises the question or, or says, Hey, why are we spending so much money in these areas? But these areas aren't the best, you know, or some of the best in The World. Right? It is a, that is a valid criticism. I Don know about shock it. I don know about taking the money away, but finding different ways to allocate the money. 'cause like Charlemagne said, if we are not the best in education and the best in healthcare around The World that we're spending the most, there's a problem somewhere. Like I even was looking at about how, you know, here in New York how the, the Feds just rescinded $80 million to New York City for migrants. And in my mind I'm like, damn, they spent, they spent $80 million Emini here. This, this was just like a onetime payment, but they spent $80 million on these migrants.


But it's still such a migrant issue. So what is that money going to? That's all I be wanting to know. Where is the money going to? Yeah. Well I guess that's what Doge is for. So bringing things to you guys in New York, the top pros federal prosecutor and Mayor Adams corruption case. Did you hear that? She's resigning. So rather than follow Justice Department orders to drop charges, Danielle Sassoon fired off a brief letter to Attorney General Pam Bondy that she's resigned effective immediately. Now, multiple sources say she did not mention that Adam's case, Sassoon's departure comes days after DOJ directed New York prosecutors to drop the case against the New York City mayor who's accused of accepting illegal campaign contributions, bribes from other people, bribes from people trying to buy his influence, including Turkish officials.


Now Adams repeatedly denied any wrongdoing doing, he also cleared up whether or not he was switching political party lines saying that he will be collecting petitions as a Democrat. And of course this comes as Adams met with the border czar. Tom Holman, New York City mayor Eric Adams says the two had a clear understanding of how they can work together. Adams says, Holman assured him that ICE agents wouldn't go into sensitive locations like schools. Let's hear more from New York City mayor Eric Adams. He's very clear that in order to go into those entities, you need a judicial warrant. And he has not articulated to me he wants to go into our schools. There's no desire to round up our children.


My message to him and what I got from him, Eric, there are dangerous people on our streets in this country in general, but specifically here in New York City, we want to work with you to get them off your streets. Yeah. So the mayor also reiterated that he would allow ICE to operate on Rikers Island to tire target violent criminals. And Holman wants to work with him to get the, of course, as previously mentioned, the dangerous people off the New York City streets. Now the meeting, but Doesn't Eric Adams have to do what Trump says? Right? Because he's as kind of like dangling because if he doesn't listen to Trump, Trump can, you know, relift the order and they could prosecute him. Is that correct? Because he he didn't get a a pardon? No, he did not get a pardon. But if the charges are gonna be dismissed, then they're gonna be dismissed. Emini here, can you bring back charges?


Emini here. That's what the, his lawyers said. Alex Bureau said yesterday that once the charges are dismissed, they can't be brought back up. So I'm not sure the meeting does come days after the Department of Justice, of course, as as mentioned, ordered Those, you know, as I wanted to know, Morgan, when, when, when the Department of Justice sues New York over sanctuary obstruction, who are they suing? Exactly. When you say you sue New York is like, is that the governor? Is Emini here? Emini here? Is that, I don't know who you suing. Yes. Yeah. So when DD when DOJ is taking legal action against New York, that would be Governor Kathy Hoko. I do see that the D Department of Justice is actually suing New York State over its efforts not to support Trump's I immigration policies. So Attorney General Pam Bondy said the DOJ is taking legal action against New York.


Governor Kathy Hoel and other state officials over New York's alleged resistance to supporting Trump's mass deportation policy regarding illegal migrants. Now, Bondy pointed out New York's Green Light Law, which he claims keeps state law enforcement from sharing vehicle data with federal authorities for immigration enforcement. Now, state Attorney General Leticia James says, new York's laws protect all New Yorkers, and she's prepared to battle that in a lawsuit in court. So it's, it's basically Coco and James versus DOJ and Bondy, so to speak. Okay. But yeah. All right guys, so that's your front page news. I hope you everybody is enjoying their Valentine's Day and this beautiful Friday. I'm Morgan Wood.


Follow me on socials at Morgan Media. M-O-R-G-Y-N-M-E-D-I-A. And for more news coverage follow at Black Information Network. Download our free iHeartRadio app and visit us@binews.com. Thank you. Alright, now when we come back, Druke will be joining us. We're gonna kick it with Druke when we come back. Have a great Valentine's Morgan. It's The Breakfast Club. Good morning. The Breakfast Club. Morning everybody. It's DJ Envy. Jess. Hilarious. Charlamagne the guy. We are The Breakfast Club. Long La Rosa filling in for Jess. We got a special guest in the Building. Yes indeed. Drew Ski. What's up? What's up y'all? Welcome back. How you doing, my brother? Good, good. I was just laughing at that clip of you bringing the whole sectional over for that girl man who is accommodated.


Hey man. No, this is what's wrong with you man. With me. Yeah, but you kind of did hold back a little bit though. I'm being a cop. You didn't go all in. Yeah, I thought you was really gonna go crazy with the jokes that you didn't. I listen, I, I leave insulting fat people up to you. Wait all no, I don't do that. Yes you did. No I don't. I don't do that. Yes you did. I I tend you be keeping in contact with the fat little boy that you insulted at. Which one? Ox Mafia. Oh, Jesus Christ. How we pop this off? How we this, this? I didn't do that. They was, man, listen, listen, listen. Have you been keeping in contact with that little boy? No, I'm not in contact with that kid or his mother. But I think I probably will be getting sued at some point from that. I don't know why, but she said she, she got money. She said she was going to though.


Yeah. I don't know how that works. So I'm new to the money, so I don't know if that actually Does that go through? Yeah, one day your lawyer gonna hit you and be like, Hey Druke, you got a civil suit. You're getting sued for XY it'll be, by the way, it, I'm not even joking. It comes with the territory. It comes with you. Anybody for any absolute Damn, they gonna win. Right. Oh, okay. Yeah. But they can sue you for how much? For that? For calling a kid Fat? Yes. Yes. Emotional fat. Fat. You know why people, a lot of people do that is because they figure out you don't want the head. But I'm saying, come on man. Y'all y'all played the clip of of Kev throwing me the AlleyOOP though. Yeah, Kev started pick on Now you want him to be your Kobe please. They gonna go to Kai.


Kai got all that raw footage. Yeah man, they, you know. But nah, I honestly it was, I ended up apologizing to the kid. But yeah, it wasn't, I thought I couldn't tell. Sometimes when I'm in character and doing like these streams, you don't know who's acting and doing all this stuff along with you. So it's like some people be coming on the stream, they might be serious. Some people be coming on there as, as a character. Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah. And the kid was there playing something. So I don't know. Adam really didn't know Adam. It was Adam. I didn't, when he started crying, I'm like, oh man, you gotta fake. Yeah, I really thought it was fake. 'cause I'm like, oh, they playing into the character of the Adams family. Oh this is, well, and if fat wasn't a character, he wasn't Well yeah, he actually was a fat kid. But I didn't tee it off man. Yeah, I just thought, I'm like, it's all it, it is a green light because everybody been calling me fat all night.


So you was looking At like fat, fat, Like, hey, hey man, sit down man. Hey, sit your fat ass down man. Yeah. So I'm like, oh okay. This is green light for every, everybody getting called fat in here. Yeah. So you think we should have called her fat is what you're saying? She said you can't say that. You gotta say F word. Oh, okay. Oh, the, the girl with the sectional. Dan Big Dan. Oh, big dank. No, I just thought it was funny as hell that you brought the whole entire sectional. You coulda just found a bigger chair with no arms. There was no bigger chair it, a chair with No, I think she just wanted a chair with no arms. Where he made it worse by Kiki. Look around the studio. Where do you see that Atal? Yeah. You right. It ain't no Satan. Have you done, could have been Love Detroit yet? Yes, we did do Detroit. Damn. She was the She's from Detroit. Yeah, she's from Detroit.


Damn. You gotta have, I would sign that too. Oh, you big women? Yeah. Yeah. I Just say we have, we got some big women on the TV show. I got Emini here. Lovewise. Are you, is are you into big women? Tough question, brother. Tough. Hey man, you know, I've been there. I've been there. Okay. There. I will say I've been there probably before the money and the fame came. Okay. You've been there. What? Like dating a big woman or you? Well, I've been in between and then and and some seams. You from Atlanta. Of course there's a lot of big beautiful women out there for Don't sure you come from Dr. Yeah. No I'm not. That's why I say I stay grounded. You know, even with the money and the fame. I said that and that's you. I've said I've been there. I ain't say I might not revisit.


Okay. One thing I do appreciate about you, Dr. Is how you show love to studs, man. We don't have enough appreciation for studs straight up and never have up. What made you start showing studs to love? You do? Well, you know, studs, people don't understand that studs have an appealing touch, truthfully. Like you could share clothes with them. Okay. You could vibe with them. Sometimes they could be a bro, you know, like when you hanging out with a girl, you be like, damn, I feel like I, I can't express my feelings to her 'cause she gonna think I'm weak studs. They understand that they got periods, bro. You know what I'm saying? So, so it's like talking to your homeboy, but with like feelings. Yeah. It's like talking to a homie. But you can also hit on the side if she with it. You never know. Sometimes the studs, they be sneak ing. Wow. The stud. They don't tell y'all that.


That's what I'm saying. They don't tell y'all that Studs be sneaking. There's a whole group of people that are like it. It's called Sneaks, called Sneak him. Indicators like how, you know when a stud is with the sneak or not. You never really know. That's the thing about them being a stud, they're so, it's like they got a mask on, so sometimes you just gotta poke at it and try to see, okay, poke at it. See you crazy. Yeah. Not, not you. Crazy. Not actually, but I'm just saying like, you know, you just try to vibe with 'em and see how they feel. Some of 'em, they are stuck up and they don't go for none of that. So I You gotta respect those. Put 'em to the side. That's a bro. Do they like women or do they like, let me get on top? Yeah, they, they do it but they, they, you still going hear the masculinity in the voice.


Got you. Yeah. So it kind of s with you a little bit. How many of you had, Hey man, that's, we not here to talk about that, right? Yeah. There's not that many, but a couple. Yeah, a couple. I think it's wild when Stu, we got some on the show though. It could have been love. Yeah. I think it's wild when Stu pull out their scrap on and then they like have another girl on it and, and the person with the scrap on be more and try to act like it's something going on that's, come on man. Wild to me. Are you into that? You watch that type of stuff? Do I watch it? You Emini here just explained it. You did explain it? Yeah. Oh, put the comedy for the comedy of Oh, okay, okay. Because it's like, it's like, you know, if you get a tattoo, imagine getting a tattoo on a fake home and acting like a Exactly. You know what I'm saying? Exactly. That's how they do. It's kind of, it is a dumb thing. It's like let's cut the Yeah, yeah, I get it. No, I know. And you got the record with Young Ma. Yeah, yeah, yeah.


We just, but why do we have to go into into that? Yeah. Why? Why is it that transition? Amazing Sex, one of those things and then going to Young Ma, come on man, don't do that. No, that's the bro dog. But you know what made me think about it? Young Inmate was up here one time, a long time ago And I asked her that, remember she had the line short in your head. And I asked her how. Yeah. And she, but you know, when I, when we shot the music video with her for the song, could have been loved recently, she told me, she said, you know, Druke, I don't be caring 'cause I'm not really a stud. She said, I don't see myself as that. She see herself as something completely different. That's why she's like the queen of them because she don't even see herself on that level. Can you call it a queen? Are you using the right term? And I King probably. Yeah, you're right, you're right. Probably king. I don't think, I think Young Ma wouldn't mind being called up.


No, she told me straight up. She said I'm not, she said I ain't classified as that. She told me straight up. See what I'm saying? She said, I don't want to be called that. She said, I don't get offended. Everybody asked me like, do you get offended by what Drusky be doing? Yeah. And she said, no, I'm not a stud. She said she in her own lane. I don't even know what they call her type. Fine. She for real. I really still don't know what they call her type. Johnny May is a cutie. Laura said she, she, she's not into girls, but she would be in the young May. I think for a lot of us straight women. She, she would be one because she's like a Brooklyn. Like you just, She tough man. She ain't, she's a tough cookie to crack, I'll tell you that. So you hand selected her like you was like, I know I wanna do this song for my, could have been love. Yeah. I want young me. It's because we got so many studs in the house and I know that, you know, you, you can't do something like that without getting her approval.


So I wanted to make sure we was doing everything and, and following suit. Right. That's what it's about. Yeah. Representation. Yeah. Representation. Well, congratulations on the Dunking Donuts commercial. Oh, thank you. Thank you. Thank you. You not just that. You getting a lot of endorsement man. Absolutely. We don't need Dunking Donut Pride picks. It's a bunch of stuff. I did a Nike commercial this year. Nike Commercial. Nike. The sign about The Coulda Fest. The music festival. Yeah. Coulda fest at the State Farm League. There's a bunch of stuff I don't read knowing I can't keep up with it. Yeah. It's all that. What's more lucrative endorsement money or the money you make off social media doing stuff, stuff. It, it equally the same kind of, it just depends on the deal. I think it depends on what, what the deal is. So the Super Bowl commercial, definitely. That was my first time doing that. So that is lucrative. If you don't, the people out there don't know a Super Bowl commercial.


It is. You know what's crazy? I saw that Jim Carrey was supposed to be in this Dunking Donuts commercial with all of us. So Ben Athletic, big Donny Wahlberg. Yeah. Yeah. Jim Carrey was supposed to be in it and they accidentally sent that amount of money that he was supposed to get for the two hours that he was gonna be on set. Wow. And I was mind blown. You had this in it back? Yeah, well we, we had to act like we didn't see it. Wow. But then my team kind of, yeah, it was, it was up there. Wow. Over 5 million, two hours to be on set. Yeah. Wow. It was, it was up in that area. And I'm like, what? So we argued back with them. They didn't budge though. They like that send us money. You aint Jim Care. But that's didn't Yeah. But no, I just thought it was kind of like, damn, like this is the level to work up to.


This is, it was kind of inspirational a little, but seeing the number that they had him there for two hours. Alright. We got more with Drew Ski when we come back. Don't move. It's The Breakfast Club. Good morning. Morning everybody. It's DJ nv, just hilarious. Charlamagne the guy. We are The Breakfast Club. Lauren Lar is hanging with us as well. We're still kicking it with Drew Ski Charlamagne. Now you got this new show. Could have been a love. Are you really looking for love? You? Yes. Yes. I am. Like, seriously? No, seriously. And, and, and the show will show that I am looking for love and it was amongst a, a bunch of girls in the house. You know, I think it was probably the best situation to do because it's like bringing back the vibes of like, flavor of love and, you know, those shows. Like, I love New York and this time 'cause none, nobody in this generation has seen that.


I grew up watching that type of stuff, you know? And that is really what I wanted to bring that vibe of. It's like, all right, if Flava Flave can find love, Flava fla, what are you saying, Andrew? No, I'm not saying that. I, I just met the dude. He's, he's, he's still looked the same, but I'm, I'm just, he's such a nice person. Yeah, he's a good, yeah. Nice. Per, now when a girl say you a nice person, what'd that mean, bro? Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. What'd that mean? He was really hard. No, he's a good dude. Nah, all jokes excited. He's a good guy. But fla, if Fla Flav can find love on television, I I I was like, all right, let me just go with his motto for you though. It makes sense though. I think so. What are you looking For though? What, what type of woman? Like what's, We got a lot of women that was in the house.


Meatball is on there. Yeah. Meatball. That's where you Philly. Philly, yes. I said we got the trench babies in there. You know that, that's interest you. So I wanted a selection of all, I have white, black, Latino, b, bw, Dr. Are in there. Yeah. We got, well he's not a contestant Dr. But you make it pop up. I'm not a contestant. I'm not a contestant, but he is, he did help me find love. We had Bobby Altoff, she was helping us find love. Caleb Presley, Dr. The one kicked all the white girls off immediately. Yes. Young and May also was helping us as well. Yeah. But yeah, Dr. Umar, he wasn't with all the, you know, he was straight pro Afro American and he, he let them know, like he was asking some of the Latino girls, he's like, do you see yourself as Afro-Latino or just lat?


And I'm like, what the fuck does that mean? Man, it doesn't make sense what he's saying. It's like, what is Afro-Latino? He's like, do you believe you, you are Afro-Latino? It didn't, yeah, he's, he's a What made you go get Dr. Duma Emini here? Dr. Duma. Fantastic. Yes. What made you get him for this in particular? I wanted to see what girls were in it for the money. And I wanted to see what girls are in it honestly. To, to be with the king. And he knows all about a king situation. Like how could you uplift his empire? Yeah, yeah, yeah. And that was one of the things he preached on in the show. But he got a little, we had to get him set. He, he kind of, yeah, he started, he went crazy. Well, he, yeah. He scared all white one. Yeah, he was, he was actually scaring the women on the show.


We got him set. Jesus. Yeah. He got bad as a joker. He really scared me. No, no, no. I think he, he got into his bag of like, he started arguing with one of the white girls. He's really like that. No. And it got, yeah, he, you thought, see it is on, it is all around like episode three or four. I think you'll see he, so this Is serious. Like you really looking For love on the show? Oh nah. It was serious. Yeah. In The, the teaser that you posted on your Instagram, you lean a lot into the whole Ruby Rose. People thought that was fake situation. So I didn't know if this show was like, you really looking for love or it's another gimmick situation. Nah, we just wanted to make it like, feel like, yo, like this stuff was covered on TMZ and all these pages. We might as well look for love if this is what's going on.


It's like, yo, this year for some reason, my love life has mattered the most. So it's like, all right, why wouldn't we do a show? That's kind of what we wanted to show. Like, all right, this kind of almost makes sense to do right now in a comedic way of course. But I think you said for some Reason you was in the back of the boat kissing Ruby Rose. That's why we care. No Emini here. Yeah. No, I'm not saying for some reason. I'm just saying it just was, you know, that's what this year consists. I've never really been public. Did y ever come out say was a stunt? No, I didn't. Well I didn't. She did. Yeah. She, you know, you said you paid for pr, not the Hey man, Jesus. Hey, that's neither here nor there, brother. I just, you know, I just go with the flow. I let people talk, man. I don't, did you love her? Love is a strong word. Did you like her? Did she break your heart?


Yes, I did. I did. Did she break your heart? Nah, I don't think at all. I think, yeah, I think it, it might've just been my fault. I, it was some things that, that transpired in the midst of all the, you know, all that bull man. You know how the goes, man. I don dunno. What? Did you cry? Nah, nah, nah. We wasn't in that deep. I just, that's why I said it wasn't love. It wasn't at that point yet. But You went public with her, which was a big deal. I think that's why we all thought it was fake. 'cause we were like, yeah, we've never, like, You know what it was though? It was probably because we grew up around like the same area. So it was kind of like naturally, eventually maybe gonna happen. You know what Emini here, like, it was like, because of friends and like other people around her camp, being with people around my camp, we always would see each other.


So it was like always like a, a blow by situation. So it was like, ah, maybe. Yeah. But then sometimes be, I ain't got no money yet. Nah, I ain't, you ain't got no money yet. But that was at the time. No, I'm saying at the time you lying to her telling her you ain't got no money. No, no, no. I'm talking about back then. I'm like, well you grew up in the same area. So it's like, oh, wanted her. But you knew you couldn't get, well I ain't say that either, but I'm just saying it's like, ah. But I might, I might, I don't know. But that's, did you buy it? It did when you was together? No, I ain't, I don't think I bought. No, no. I did. I I I did, I did like some flowers, but it was only like a couple weeks. It just wait Your whole relationship with Her? Yeah. It might have been like, I don't know, ski two, three weeks. You went public after two, three weeks. Yeah. I was wild. You ain't that great. Yeah. Nah, I, nah, I wasn't on that.


Just what, you know what it is? It's because I thought like, alright, this is what we supposed to do. I'm thinking like, oh, we both in the public eye. This is, this is what's supposed to happen. Like Let get ahead of it before it happens type of thing. I'm So, no, not even before it happens. It's like, I was like, it Emini here, somebody's gonna leak it at some point. We going out in public and doing stuff shout out to might as well might not, you know, like it might as well. So I don't think it was a bad situation to go public. I just think it might've just been a little too early. Mm. Like with, with going public, I do believe you can do it too early before y'all get to adjust. And like a week is early. Just like how you can move in with a female Too early segue. I think anything that you do like revolve, like involving you and like your look, people would just be making jokes.


You posted a photo about you getting ready for the NBA All-Star game, right? Yeah, yeah, yeah. And they called, they called you shit kill male. They called you what? They called you that sha kill O'Neal. They was in the comments Blaming You. But see that that's what it is. Sometimes that's why I say you can't, some goofy girls, they be like, oh my god, I'm made for you. Like, you have no idea how funny I am. And I'm like, I have no, you have no idea. I would never date you. Thank you. Know what I'm saying? Just because it's like, sometimes you don't want a girl that play too much. Some of those girls that play too much just go too far too. Like I, I, I have had a situation where a girl, you know what I'm saying? Kind of like where you you said in that setting in the, in the bedroom. And she was like, damn, you got a got between your legs a got And she wasn't talking about, I thought, I was like, what that mean?


She said my thighs was making it look like a gap. Yo. Like they touch? Yeah. Oh, like they spelled the word got or you? No. Or you was talking about the short. No, And I was talking a picture I wanted to ask you what kind was a got a gap? A gap. Gap. A ga a gap. Was that a gun? A gap? Like a god. Oh. Like god damn. Like a fat old ass. Oh dang. She said my thighs do your thigh said thigh. Hey man, we not here to talk about that. I'm just telling you what she said. God. So that's why I say to say sometimes it ain't good today. The girl as goofy, you can't make that. They do too much. And I went from up my God to downtown real fast.


That might not have been goofy. That's just an observation. No, it's just, hey, like shut up. Sex. Sex. What did you It was like, shut up. Yeah, it is like, come on now. Don't say that right now. 'cause a girl that's goofy always dates a dude that's like quiet, kind of chill and can't, if you ever noticed it, it's not that you can't handle it sometimes it too can't handle too much, man. It's too much. She told you your thighs are rub together now you said. Well, she said the gap, it was cool. She would've said thighs up together, but she said, you make a gap. I'm like, oh, you wear clothes, clothes when you have sex. But you really been Getting ready for the Oh, What you, I said you your clothes when you have sex, me or her? First of all, you you, you wear t-shirts in the pool. Big t-shirt wear t-shirts. Nah, I'm, I'm a t-shirt in the pool type. You man. I'm, I'm gonna say yeah. Yeah. I saw you in Turks living your life. You had Nah, a little bit. A little bit.


I I, yeah, I'll throw it up a little bit. But you know it, I'm I'm one of them. I, I'll put on like a little, what what's some like, like a little soccer shirt? Why would You put that? Yeah. The water shirts you heard. Yeah. I noticed that in the Coulda been video though. Looked like saucy a little bit. Huh? What when you was doing this? Oh, ain't nothing look like s could you talking Abouta? Yeah. You,


The World is constantly changing. It's up to you to decide how to respond. Choose to be bold to try something new. Choose to reinvent yourself. That's what Nissan did with the all new totally reimagined kicks. The dynamic new exterior styling immediately announces that Nissan isn't messing around the interior. A completely redesigned cabin with premium features like wireless apple car play and a panoramic moonroof make driving a kicks impressive and exciting. And with new performance and safety features, like intelligent all-wheel drive, the kicks is both more fun and safer to drive than ever before. It's the dawning of a brand new era for the Nissan Kicks. Only one question remains. Is it a new era for you as well? Drive the all new reimagine Nissan Kicks today available Feature. Bose is a registered trademark of the Bose Corporation Nissan Safety Shield technologies can't prevent all collisions or worn in all situations. See owner's manual for important safety information.


Hey fam, if you're like me, you are thinking about how to level up in your career. Maybe you're fresh out of college, just starting in your field or even looking to switch things up and find your true calling. Whatever stage you're in, remember that this is your time to grow, to learn, and to build something that lasts. State Farm understands that early career development is key to long-term success. They've been a steady presence in our communities and they know that having the right support early on can make all the difference. State Farm is there to help you make smart moves and to help you get the coverage you need. We all know that the journey to success is a marathon, not a sprint. It's about staying focused, staying grounded, and making sure you're protected every step of the way. Let's build our careers with confidence, knowing that State Farm is there to support us just like they've always been, because like a good neighbor, a State Farm is there. Find out more at State Farm dot com.


Ready to celebrate the magic of live music South by Southwest Music Festival returns to Austin, Texas this March 10th through the 15th with a fresh lineup of legendary and rising talent. Join a global community of music lovers, artists, industry professionals and creatives at the 2025 South by Southwest Music Festival. With hundreds of showcasing artists performing across six days in over 50 venues. Discovery is right around the corner at South by Southwest. Explore the lineup@sxsw.com.


At t has a new guarantee because most things in life are not guaranteed. Like actually getting the rental car you've requested or your wedding turning out just like you dreamed it would. And someone making another pot of coffee in the break room after drinking the last drop of the last one. Yeah, don't get me started. Not guaranteed. In a world where nothing is guaranteed, at and t is bringing something new to the table. At and t is introducing a guarantee with connectivity, you depend on deals you want and service you deserve or they make it right. So if you wanna know more about the at t guarantee, head to att.com/guarantee. At&t connecting changes everything, terms and conditions apply. Visit att.com/guarantee for details.


Time. Yeah. Not saucy man. Saucy. Come on man. Now that's a, now that's a freaky ass right there. Doing No, I'm not saying that. I'm just saying off the, you know, being on end. We got more with Druke when we come back. It's The Breakfast Club. Good morning. Good morning everybody. We all The Breakfast Club. We're still kicking it with Druke. Charlemagne Question you Kai and Kev. We know we wanna see the movie. Is there actual talks happening? Yes. Yes. He just called us last night Spazzing on us. He is Kevin Hart. Yeah, he is. And Kevin Hart. Why? Just letting us know. He was like, guys get serious about this because he, he gave us a list of movies to watch, to study.


He wanted us to, I, I guess I watched some of the movies, but Kai didn't. So he was like, listen man, it's not like you got to do. Y'all ain't doing, he said, what movies you got set up for this year? Damn, we both just, I said, come on Ken, don't do that to us, man. Don't, but he's, he honestly was just, he's, it's like hard parenting. You know what Emini here, he's like letting us know like, yo, lock in because this is like, I'm trying to get y'all to that next level of thinking. Like, all right, if I'm telling you to study this or do this or study this script or look at this movie, that definitely is something you should do because this is gonna benefit your future. So, you know, he just was taking it hard on us. But yeah, nah, I think we, we have a bunch of meetings set up right now to where we'll be shooting very soon. I, I don't know exactly the month, but it will be this year.


Especi, have you seen the script? Have you seen the I've seen part of the script at the beginning of it. It's at the beginning stages to where they're like in a writing room right now. So writing room means like multiple different writers are like punching up jokes on it. And then also all of us have like a say so on what's being written. So I do like that Kev does that for y'all because there is another level. I know that you and Kai making a whole lot of money, but there is another level to all. Yeah. He's like, yo, you guys are, you guys are lit, but you know, if you wanna be the man forever or you know the superstar, you, this is the type of stuff you gotta do. So he's just given that, that firm parenting of like take this serious. Like I understand y'all, y'all saying, oh, I'm busy, I'm doing, but seriously guys, what movies you got set up right now?


A Project X Style movie. Mm. Was that one of the movies he asked y'all to watch Project X? What made you, I was gonna ask you, what was that list? No, it's, hey, I, I don't wanna say, because then that'll give off our idea of whatever we're shooting. Who told you Project X style? It just fit your vibe. It's just common sense. A Project X style movie with you. Drew Ski, Kev Kai can be on said you drew. That is Drew. Sir, you know Emini here? Yes, you're right. Drew Kai on his with Drew with you. Kevin Kai. Yeah. And literally Kai can be on Scream the whole movie and as and as he screams the scream gets bigger but the party keeps getting bigger and probably the stop bus. I will say that this movie will be amazing, whatever we do.


I don't know the specifics all the way through yet. We still in the writer room. So Yeah. Nah, Kev is honestly being like the father figure And I like that setting all this up. So yeah, that's dope. And he and he really is like locked in with all amongst all the other stuff he's got going on as well. Like he's really, he's locked in right? It's right. Listen, it's right there. I looked at Kiki Palm and Scissors. Their movie is at $40 million. The one that used to rap. Perdue. I feel like y'all can do that R even more. Yeah. Even yeah, I agree. I agree. You know what, Emini here and it's not going to cost a lot to shoot a movie with y'all. Like y'all like that. Yeah. That's the next level. I agree. This weekend you gonna be at the NBA Celebrity Allstar game. Can you play, can you play ball? I've been training, I've been training with a, a trainer from OTE over time and yeah, he's trained like Bradley Beal amongst other NBA players and stuff.


So Court Frazier. Huh? Are you really trying to go out there and win MVP or? Yeah, I'm, I I I I'm trying to win MVP 'cause I, of course I'm gonna be entertaining and wilding out and stuff, but I, I got you gotta put up some points to get that mvp. Is Gilli in the game? No, I don't think. Oh, they Gilli was in the game. He winning MVP and Yeah, N NBA a just gotta do better on the rosters, man. They gotta, I think they just should bring a little bit more of like our world and into it. NFL did a good job this past weekend with the flag football. Yeah. Yeah. They, they had like me Lotto, sexy red, Kai speed. They just had, they had like people that they like un people understand like that these are celebrities with NBA. They got, I don there's, there's a lot of people on my team.


Convers who on your team? Oh yeah. Shazi. No, I know Shazi Booze On your team. Matt Barnes is on your team. Matt Barnes. I knew that. Yeah. Chris Brickley the trainer. Oh, the, yeah, the trainer. Terrell Owens. Yeah. Yeah. So the Drew's point, he needs more of his generation. No, I'm, I'm just saying like, I just think that they, I'm with you should have a, a couple more your generation. I get what you're saying. Yeah. My generation there. Are I speed to be on there? No, No, he's not on there. Not saying it has to be that either. I'm just saying like, what, what position are you playing? I thought some of the names, I think I'm probably gonna run Point. Definitely not on Point. No shade. You be, I probably run Point. You need to be playing center. Hey man, listen and Carl Williams. What y'all will see after I win MVP that I am at the guard position.


You're not playing guard. You Definitely not playing guard. You're not playing guard. Somebody online said I'm playing the wrong guard position. They said it is for football. You should do security. Guard. Guard pulling guard. I agree. Somebody said a pulling guard. What you doing for Valentine's? For Valentine's weekend? Oh man, the game. It kind of messes up any Valentine's Day plans I got with a bunch of girls. I that you to all your hos. I had a bunch of 'em lined up. That's you told you gotta work. I had a bunch of 'em lined up And I just, I'm playing the game. Candy nowhere. I'm busy. I'm busy. Like I said, like why can't she go with you to All Star Weekend? Hey, I'm locked in. I'm trying to get MVP. True. True, true. All the ones I had lined up. I can't do it. Can't Yeah, I can't do the whole rose pedal at the hotel thing. I can't run it. What could have been Love is out now.


Yes. Where can they see it? They can see it on my YouTube at Drew Ski. So Yeah. Could have been love. Let's do it. We appreciate you for joining us, brother. Yeah. Follow Drusky if you're not already, but who is it? It's Drusky, ladies and gentlemen. It's The Breakfast Club. Good morning. Morning everybody. It's D EJ Envy Jess. Hilarious. Charlamagne the guy. We are The Breakfast Club. Let's get to Jess with the Mess You News is real. Jessica Robin Moore just don't do no lying. Don't she don't spare nobody Worldwide. Jess worldwide mess on The Breakfast Club. She's a culture shooter. She was Able to get y'all to see something and understand something that nobody could get you to see.


It's time to shut the door. So the February 13th event didn't go down. The big mech Lauren the Welcome back. Yeah, the big mech Welcome back. What? Yeah, it was the welcome back party. Yeah. No, What happened? Like, oh my God. No, they, they canceled it. Oh my god. No, you sound so concerned. It it honestly, it's giving don't play with 50 cents. So, okay. Yesterday the Amant Bank ar bank arena where the, the con the party was supposed to go down there or concert was supposed to go down at posted and said, due to unforeseen circumstances, tonight's show has been canceled. Refunds will be made at point of purchase. Of course, you know, 50 cent posted this with the quickness. He caption it and said, I had nothing to do with this.


Please stop calling my phone. I sincerely hope you have a nice day today. Happy Valentine's Day. I'm stronger than you think I am with the smiley face. Jesus. Yes. Now we talked about how like there have been reports that some of the artists and stuff we're pulling out, but I heard something about ticket sales not being where they needed to be as well too. What you mean? Yeah, I heard that they only sold 900 tickets. 14,000 sales was slow. So how, How long is Emini here? How big is the venue? Like 14,000. 14,000 people. Damn. And it sold 900 tickets. That's what I was told. I don't know if that's true or not, which is Crazy to me though because it, if it is ticket sales or even if it's the other stuff because 50 was saying that artists were pulling out because of all of the allegations that he's throwing mech his way right now. People were so hyped for me should come home and then now it's just done.


Yeah, it's just Nothing. Right. It's like, I felt like that was like one of the most talked about things like Where he came, I, I wonder why they didn't do it in like Atlanta or Detroit. You know what Emini here, let let Hannah Kang put her her hands on that thing in Atlanta and you know, and then and they from Detroit, right? Yeah, they from Detroit, but I also think he lives in Miami. So I think he's a, you know, he can't leave Miami. He's in the house arrest? I Believe so. Oh, got You. Gotcha, gotcha. It would have to be in the city that's he lives in. And Ross, Ross was posting stuff like if you had tickets to the show already and you could show proof that you had tickets to the show. I forget what club they were going to, but he was saying like if you came with the tickets, like they would, they would do something on the entry or something like that. So they were trying to basically still make it up to the people who had already purchased their tickets. But yeah, that is a rap.


That's crazy. Ain't nobody come on, say nothing like Big Mitch Little Beach. No, Ain't nothing, not yet. Big Meat Little Mech. Not yet. Okay. All right. E 50. What else? E 50 alone. I know Jesus. What else we got going on? Kanye West? The divorce. So remember we were talking about how Go Yeah, so the, the chicken wing, him and Bianca Sensori, we were talking about this, how there are reports right now that they are his, him and his new muse are on their way to a divorce. According to Daily Mail. They have split and they are citing a close source to a source close to Kanye. Now this source says that both people have reached like a, a good place with their divorce attorney.


So this if if true it's something that's been in the works for a while. I will say that Milo or Milo that works with Kanye West has come out and said that this is not true. And before there were reports that remember they had split and they had broken up and then we seen them in Tokyo together laughing, joking, having a good time. So I don't know what's true or not, but I think right now everybody's just reaching for a Kanye story because he's been that one, that Girl is sick of being cold. Bianca sensory, like she's sick of that. Like she tired. Especially in the winter. You want me show up everywhere naked like no socks, no nothing. Like I'm cold. And when we see her dance, she's trying to keep warm. You know what I'm saying? This is abuse. She be, she Be looking happy though when she with them. But I Emini here. I guess She's supposed to, But where they getting this information from?


'cause every time they say they split or there's a problem or there's a divorce, somebody from Kanye's team says it's a lie. So who are people just making this up and people running with Stories? I'm not for sure, but I reached out to someone close to the rapper and their response to me was, why you keep believing this stuff? That's what Consequence said. I don't know. Yo, you Stupid. Why would, first of all, I'm a journalist. You do not reveal sources when you're not supposed to. And it was not consequence that I spoke to. Okay. I don't talk to consequence. No shake. I'm talking about consequence like the rapper with their teeth. Oh God, just for real. No, the one with the love hiphop teeth. What is wrong? No, remember. Oh my god, we talking about that one? Yes. That One. Yes. Because he, that's Kanye guy. Oh My.


Oh my God. I had no idea. That's the only way I remember him, them teeth, like on love hip hop. He used to every episode just be her like, oh my God, every episode, I had no idea he was close with Kanye. So they not getting a divorce basically. No. That, that Emini here. From what I'm told. No. But would you be surprised if that were to happen? I don't know. I just be wondering why would a news outlet report that if just because somebody told him that That girl was a goddamn prisoner. Okay. She's screaming for help. She's tired of not wearing any clothes. It Just say it's what it is. Just about to do a coat drive for She's good on a coat. Definitely. Now I will say Kim Kardashian came out and she was talking about, you know, what led her to the point where she was ready to divorce.


Oh Lord, she gonna be Crip walking at somebody's show next. Why Kim talking about Kanye? No she not. No, Kim do not do that. She don't do that. Yeah. So they basically were, because Kim Lamar Odom and Chloe Kardashian have reunited recently on the Kardashians. And y'all know that, that that was a whole thing. Like Chloe hadn't been speaking to Lamar for some time, but Lamar was always trying to get back in her good graces. So because of that, Kim Kardashian actually started talking about what made her divorce Kanye, which she hasn't talked about in a while. And she basically said that the hardest part is that like when she split from Kanye, you don't foresee it happening. And it really like changes a person's personality and then you're not the same person once you look back.


And like I, I think she said when you're going through a breakup, like as bad as what she went through publicly with Kanye and as bad as what Lamar and Chloe went through, you're not the same person and it makes you feel or almost hate the person that you were with. So that's why this came up. So now the headlines are picking up. I don't know, Kanye just in the news this week, y'all people just like to grab and go with him Because he gives us a lot to grab and go. Oh, pause. Yeah, that's right. Whoa. But but, but it is interesting to know that Lamar is, has reunited, not reunited, but like got got reacquainted with Chloe. Yeah. So he did. So they, they that's crazy. What is that? They sat down in an episode and it, he came to come get some stuff that she said that she had in his house or had in her house. That was his, oh My God.


For all them years and years. It's still some stuff over there. It was like some of his rings and stuff like that. So it was like big stuff. But basically in, in, in the part of the episode that you see, she gets emotional because she talks about being by his side when he was in the hospital. She talks about that show Still. Come on. Yeah, it's on Now remember Hulu comes on. Okay. This was actually a good reunion for her though because Lamar has been on a lot of weird stuff just trying to get her attention. She finally gave it to him and the conversation was very like, it was deep. She talked about basically being by his side when his dad wanted to pull the plug on him for life insurance. That's crazy. That's what she alleged. She she FaceTimes her mom who gets emotional because she's like, I'm happy to just see y'all in a good place. But last time we talked to you Lamar, you were going through so much. She stuck. He went heart attacks.


Yeah, the overdose. She was Chloe be riding with her men. That's one thing about her, the ups downs and circumstances. It's true, but I did not like I what they say sometimes You gotta almost die to get your woman back. Oh no shit. He, they ain't getting back together. They're not Hella Chloe Said that. Chloe said she over who said that? Oh okay. You be you. But I did not like when she told our sister, remember Lauren the episode when she told our sister Kim Lamar's not gonna be known for anything else but a drug user that hurt my feelings because he played basketball for that Is absolutely true. That's where we know the ball from. That's right. Lamar was a great basketball player. Yes, we do not, Not just the drug user. NBA basketball player. No. Yeah.


But thank you Lauren. You are welcome. All right. Well that was just with the mess. Charlamagne. Who giving that donkey too? Well you know it's Valentine's Day and you know, historically I've always given, you know, Valentine's Day to the women that are lonely. But you know, those days are over. Women are doing too much now. So I need all of these women who think they players, they need to come to the front of the congregation. We like to have a word with them. And you know Jess, you don't even make no faces to me 'cause you are a retired player. But Lauren, you sit right where you at. You need to sit right there. Don't you move? Really? Don't you move? 'cause you really need to hear what I'm about to say. We'll discuss what we come back for after the hour. Yeah, you don't do long dirty man. She got a long night ahead of all. Don't listen. You hush. Okay, I'm get over here. There's a lot going on that you don't know about because you not here today. We about to discuss some things God is good about.


The kill is good. I'm good. Don't even worry about me baby. We'll get to that next. It's The Breakfast Club. Good morning, wake up. Wake up. You're locked into The Breakfast Club. Say the game. Dunk it other shape you are a dog. You ah, it's time for donkey of the today. Donkey of the today does not discriminate. I might not have the song of the today, but I got the donkey day. So if you ever feel I need to be a donkey today, hit with the hero's, The Breakfast Club bitches. Who's donkey the day today? Well, as Sharon Donkey of the day for Friday, February 14th, Valentine's Day goes to all you women who want to be players. Coi Leray. I blame you. Okay? Yes.


I blame you when you came out with that sneaky bop back in 2022 girls. It's players too. You shifted things for a whole generation of women. Now, before I begin, I would like to say that for years I historically gave the lonely women hell on Valentine's Day. Okay? The women who didn't have a man on any level, not a husband, not a fiance, not a boyfriend, not even a consistent sneaky link. And yes ladies out there with a consistent sneaky link. You should expect something from that consistent sneaky link on Valentine's Day. Your best eater should come with an offering on Valentine's Day. Okay? What does your vagina have no value? Are you still mismanaging your PPO in 2025? Shame on you. I thought you learned how to properly manage your vagina by now.


But I guess not for the record, if you're a best eater or your consistent sneaky link doesn't get you anything for Valentine's Day, then your vagina truly has no value. Okay? That's right. You letting that consistent sneaky link sweat on you. You letting that man put saliva all over your honeypot and he can't get you a little something, something for Valentine's Day. If that's the case, your vagina not worth the price of the Brazilian you got yesterday for today. But let's get back to these player asked women. Okay, I gave this some thought And I have a question. What's worse actually being alone on Valentine's Day? Not having a valentine, not having someone to call your own or being a player ladies and having about three on the roster and having to juggle all three in the next, you know, well, in this 24 hours, okay?


See, you can be surrounded by people and still feel alone. And I know you ladies out there that are players who have about three competing for your love like this. A early two thousands BH one reality show. I know y'all only, you can't fool me. If you wanted something that could have been love, you'd have been on Drusky show. No, you want the real thing, but guess what? You not going to find it because you're juggling. All right? You want to be a player out here with three men, three ready to lie about your period being on the two of them. All right? I see what you're doing. See, you're waiting to see who does what on Valentine's Day. And based on what they do, that's when you decide who you gonna spend the late, late night hours with. Okay? But let me tell you something, my brothers, I need y'all to hear this.


She already knows who she wants to be with, okay? She got the whole itinerary planned out. Now let me tell you what she did. My brother, she probably told all of y'all that she's spending the day with her grandmother and mother sounding sounding something like this. My mother and my grandmother and my niece, Wow. Mother and the grandmother and the niece, the nieces diabolical. But you know, as well as I do that grandma and mama not gonna be out past, you know, past by eight, right? They in they night clothes head wrapped, calling it at night by nine. Okay? This, you know, so that player lady you chasing is just looking to see who is gonna be active after 9:00 PM who's gonna be on her body after 9:00 PM In fact, I've heard these player ladies refer to having multiple suitors on Valentine's Day.


I've heard them refer to this activity as a marathon. Now, I'm not gonna say no names, but I was having a convo with one of those player ladies earlier this week and she admitted Valentine's Day was going to be a marathon. I I actually have it. Can we listen, urge you at a few prospects. I'm gonna go home and make sure that they get, you know, their, their roses and their candies. I do it every year. How many, how many guys is it? Ignore him. Continue on Emini here. Don't get yourself in trouble. What are you looking for this Valentine's? Oh boy. What do you hope one of these guys goes back? How does the person win? This is where it goes Back. How does the person win? Yes, the winner knows how he's supposed to win. I don't have to get on Aaron. Say it. Oh, okay, Okay, Okay. It's not, it's not a competition. It's, you know, it's, it's a marathon. Now let, let, let me tell you something.


Don't, don't let all that player talk confuse you, okay? Because it sounds bigger than what it is. See, play a player. Lady's not really built to be player because if you was, you could be honest with all your hos and let them know the hunt is on. Okay? You out here telling them that you're spending the day with your mother and grandmother and niece when the reality is you going to brunch with one, okay? A late lunch with the other and then you spending the night with the one you really want to be with. And I'm gonna tell you why it can get sticker when all of them know, okay, where you work. Alright? And all of them pop up at the job at the same time because they was invited by a diabolical coworker. You ain't invite nobody nowhere. I know. Whoa, whoa, whoa.


You better. You got scared. Huh? You got scared, huh? No, I wouldn't do that. I wouldn't do that. But there was a traffic jam downstairs and the guy, oh that was, oh, it was a traffic jam. Guess what? It was a traffic jam of envy. Guess what? It was a traffic jam of Jess. Tell me, tell me flowers, You ordered these flowers. No I did not. Yes you did because how would you know they was downstairs? Because they called back. Liar, back to back. You were liar. They called back to back to back. You one call came in saying we got flowers for Guess who Player of the year? Lauren LaRosa. Okay, let me tell you something. I was shocked because when they said flowers, I was thinking, oh wow, a guy seeing flowers. But guess what they called again and then again?


No, you said three men. Oh my Send flowers up here for Lauren Osa. Guess what? Guess what? Guess what? Read the cards. You wanna read the card, read the cards. Went through the card, went through the card saying should I read them? I don read 'em. I wanna know where they're from. Read The cards. I want y'all to know that this is Charlemagne being charmagne. That is not me. And you know what? I came ready for this. That's why I put on a red lip. Read the card. I look really, really good. Read The card today. Oh, you know what? Don't worry about it. I, I took pic, another one. I took pics of the messages on the card already. Oh, how Did you get that so fast? They've been here for 30 minutes, ma'am, as soon as they said we got flowers for Lauren LaRosa. Do you think we didn't send people downstairs? Now, Jessica, Robin Moore, Jessica, Robin Moore. You are a retired player.


Emini Here. I was in on this. You are a retired player. What do you suggest, Lauren? You know, do or do you want me to read these messages first on this card? Somebody Said what? Here read. You read The message. I'm not putting my on this. See, see like the clip audio? Lemme see. Lemme see you little short. Damn. Okay, message one says They're looking like chocolate milk. Message One says, I don't know what place I will finish in the marathon, but I hope it's first. Sincerely. You know who drop the cl bomb for that smart man? Okay, glad you didn't leave a name better to remain anonymous when you sending something to a player on Valentine's Day.


Oh my god. Message number two, Jesus from these other flowers says, damn, why it gotta be a race? I hope I'm not in second place. Sincerely never. Number two. Wow. None of, none of, none of the people I know would even to talk like What's a third one? Third and final message. Oh, this is crazy. What? Leave the competitions for your heart to Quincy and Monica. I'm not racing nobody for nothing. This isn't loving track meets. See ya later, Mr. First place. Ooh, Y'all. He is lying. I Don't even talk to him in that talk like that. I can tell by these messages. Whose brunch, who's late lunch and who's getting the late night?


Okay, ladies, is just the life you Eddie, What lead Is this? The life you really want to lead? Ladies? Ladies, is the play a life really better than having a one and only Valentine? Are you going to end up alone? 'cause these men are not gonna like the fact that all of them sent flowers to your job at the same damn time. And your messy ass coworker read the messages on the air. I don't know. But just remember, whatever the outcome, this is the life you chose. Damn. Because girls want to be players too. Please give all the lady players on Valentine's Day the biggest. He haw you end up with nothing.


Y'all Know they sent in this newspaper that are coming. Appeal was denied. You gonna end up, I thought more of you, Lauren, you gonna end up, I thought Nothing. The infection, Andy, you know, he sent these flowers. PH balance gonna be all the way off. I'm talking to you. I'm be talking to all the lady players. I, and, and even if I did get three flowers, ain't nothing. I'm not What you Mean? Even if you get, You keep talking about balances. Ain't three people doing nothing. You know, this Is on video, 24 hours. You see all that right there? You, first of all, let me tell you, you knew that the flowers was here before they came up? No, I, First of all, they called downstairs when there's a package. Lauren, they called. They called 25 minutes ago. No, it wasn't 25 minutes ago. How Long ago was It? Mac? And then also I, I went and told Mac to go get the, when I checked he didn't even have them yet.


You had what was written on the cards and Right. Well thank you for that donkey of the day, sir. I am so disappointed. You Lauren, What You say? So disappointed. Gag reflexes. Ooh, Big pimp. Throw big pimping. Play big pimping for big osa. We play Big pimping. God damn, this is crazy. Alright, this is crazy. I I just, I It's cool 'cause you doing all this and you ain't stopping nothing. Here we go. Alright. All right. Well thank you for that donkey today. Charlamagne, nothing. Now when we come back, I feel bad 'cause I really thought it was, you know, my little whatever, whatever.


From the lip ball. We have Melissa Butler, we have, I own Rucker Jameson, we also have Ellen Rucker. Sellers Of Rucker. Roots of Rucker Roots. Yes. These, You wanna talk to them next. These young ladies, these women, they have products in all of these retail stores. Some of these retail stores have rolled back some of their DEI initiatives. So I want to talk to these women who actually have products in these stores about this situation. Mm. What you looking at A player? Okay? They Don't, don't Believe you. You need somebody who bit off more than they can chew. They don't believe you. You need more people. And I don't bite off nothing more than I can chew. I always handle mine. Well, I'm good. Over. Woo. These flowers ain't stopping nothing baby. I promise you's. That's Why message number three says, sincerely missed first place.


See you later. Huh? That message is so sassy. None of my, none of them. Emini here. Not them. Alright. I'm getting Well. All right. All right. All it's The Breakfast Club. Good morning. The Breakfast Club. Morning everybody. It's DJ Envy, Jess, hilarious. Charlamagne the guy. We are The Breakfast Club. Lauren LaRosa filling in for Jess. We got some special guests with us this morning. We have the founder and CEO of the Lip Ball. Melissa Butler. Welcome. And we also have co-founders of Rucker Roots, Dr. Ellen Rucker And I own Rucker Jameson. Welcome. Hey, good Morning. Morning. Thank You. Thank you for having us. Thank you So much for having us. No, we, you know, the reason we wanted you here today is because this is all, all this conversation about Target and should folks boycott Target because they rolled back their DEI policies.


But then there are people who say we should be doing a buyout and supporting all the black owned products in Target. And you all have black owned products in Target. So we wanted to hear from you all. Thank you for this opportunity. Thank you for this platform. You know, I think it's very important for brand owners to have a voice in this because every day we are in there grinding. We have worked so hard to get on the shelf. The shelf space is a covenant space, right? Everybody doesn't get the, the opportunity. And for a brand to get to shelf space, it's a huge pro. Like a process. Like doesn't, it takes years. It takes, it takes years. It really does.


And to stay there, it's so, it's so hard too. And so I'm so glad that you gave us this platform. 'cause we need our community. We need our community to, we know galvanize around these black brands because we're fighting the good fight too, right? So let's take it Back. Let's, let's take it back. Let's go, let's go to the problem. Let's start with, since you you're speaking, let's talk about Rucker Roots, what Rucker Roots is and talk about the process of selling your product. 'cause most people don't know, they don't understand, like you said, they automatically think you have a product, you put it in Walmart and you good mood. Oh no. They understand that, you know, it goes from one store and then the region and then from no store. So break it down to what Rucker Roots is, how it started and how you, So for Rucker Roots, we are all natural haircare company. I own it. And I started it in 2015 with the goal of being a household brand, right?


And so we started it in professional salon. So we gave product to stylists and let them use the product. We had a distributor, then we went to trade shows, which we met Melissa at several trade shows trying to get your product out there. So you're in front of the consumer and once you get the, the notoriety or the, once you get enough recognition amongst some of these retailers, they come to you and say, Hey, you know, let's talk about coming into retail. And so our first retailer was Sally's Beauty and then Target. And, and after you get one, you get more. But you know, in order to stay in those retail storage, you get audited.


Basically every year you have a line review. If you're not performing, guess what? Your space is gone. And so when we look at the boycott, I'm not telling people not to boycott. Like that's not in my spirit, that's not where I come from. You know, Emini here is part of, you know, our blood lot, right? What I am telling people is you can't forget these black brands that have worked so hard to get there. 'cause it's a long process. And see that's why I think a buyout is good because of what you said. If you know these products are sitting on the shelf and Target and nobody goes in there and buys them. Absolutely. Then what? That, that gives them a reason. Just say, you know what? Get this stuff outta here anyway. And honestly, isn't that the goal?


Right? Absolutely. Isn't that the goal? And that's, that's what we're working Emini here. That's the goal for them. You know, to weed us out, to discourage us to, you know, bring trauma and drama and all the things that, you know, as black women, we have, we have to deal with every single day. Can I try? Yeah, of course. Go ahead. Okay, Ellen. Ellen And I are sisters and we are from South Carolina. Fellow Ians say Charlemagne. And we come from a very big family in a very small town where four outta 10 people in our town are unbanked or either underbanked. So they don't have the debit cards to shop online. All they have is to go into our local Walmart and get products off the shelves.


So that's 40% of our clientele that can't shop online. Now we are not telling you not to shop online because as we all know, we want you to shop online. But you know, we come from a small town where a lot of our clientele can't shop online. We just getting wifi In So many rural areas. We hadn't, even when Covid hit our hometown, we couldn't even have remote schools because most of the people don't have the energy. Jesus. Yeah. So we want our people to be able to go to the Walmart and pick up our products and and shop. And I think more than anything, so throughout this process, it's been really disappointing to feel the wrath of our own community.


Like I started the lip bar in 2012, literally making lipstick in my kitchen. 'cause I was frustrated with the beauty industry. It's lack of diversity at successive amounts of chemicals. But I really wanted to center black women. And I've been doing that for 12 years. Like 12 years I've been standing up for black women saying, Hey, you are enough. Hey, I am. The World is constantly changing. It's up to you to decide how to respond.


Choose to be bold, to try something new. Choose to reinvent yourself. That's what Nissan did with the all new totally reimagined kicks. The dynamic new exterior style immediately announces that Nissan isn't messing around the interior. A completely redesigned cab with premium features like wireless. Apple CarPlay and panoramic moonroof make driving and kicks immersive and exciting. And with new performance and safety features like Intelligent all-wheel drive. The kicks is both more fun and safer to drive than ever before. It is the dawning of a brand new era for the Nissan Kicks on. One question remains, is it a new era for you as well? Drive the all new Reimagined Nissan Kicks today Available feature. Bose is a registered trademark of the Bose Corporation Nissan Safety Shield Technologies can't prevent all collisions or worn in all situations. See owner's manual for important safety information.


Hey fam, if you're like me, you're thinking about how to level up in your career, maybe you're fresh outta college, just start in your field or even look at, switch things up and find your true calling. Whatever stage you're in, remember that this is your time to grow, to learn, and to build something that lasts. State Farm understands that early career development is key to long-term success. They've been a steady presence in our communities and they know that having the right support early on can make all the difference. State Farm is there to help you make smart moves and to help you get the coverage you need. We all know the journey to success is a marathon, not a sprint. It's about staying focused, staying grounded, and making sure you're protected every step of the way. Let's build our careers with confidence knowing that State Farm is there to support us just like they've always been because like a good neighbor, State Farm is there. Find out more@stateforum.com.


Ready to celebrate the magic of Live Music South by Southwest Music Festival returns to Austin, Texas this March 10th through the 15th with a fresh lineup of legendary and rising talent. Join a global community of music lovers, artists, industry professionals and creatives at the 2025. So by Southwest Music Festival with hundreds of showcasing artists performing across six days in over 50 venues. Discovery is right around the corner at South by Southwest. Explore the lineup@sxsw.com.


We Wanna take a second to talk about something serious. Did you see the new commercial from Standup to All? Hate If you haven't watched it, pause the podcast right now and go check it out. All right, so you have Snoop and Tom Brady in each other's faces saying all the ways they hate each other, right? But when you actually hear those two icons say it, the reasons for hating someone or something are really just stupid. So there's no reason to hate on someone, you know? Right? This commercial made me look around. There is so much hate in this country and it's got to stop. So join us at iHeart and standing up against the hate. If you see someone getting hate speak up, call it out. Your voice is one of the most powerful tools there is in this fight. And you can learn more by following at what's up with hate or show your support by posting the blue square emoji and using the hashtag Stand up to all Hate


Creating products for you. Hey, I'm making sure that I am building our self-esteem collectively. And so when this happens, I want our community to know that like we are disappointed too. Absolutely. Like we're upset with, with Target and Walmart and Google and all of these companies that have shut down their DEI. But to ask us to remove our products from retail, it's unrealistic because what does that look like for most black businesses? It looks like us shutting down our actual businesses. So you ask like how does it work to get into retail? Well, how it works is we buy inventory upfront months in advance, almost a year in advance.


Explain everything. So, so this, when you think about retail Mic, pull a mic up this little so I can hear you. Yep. When you think about retail, it's kind of a crazy thing. Yeah. Like we buy products to sit on shelf just in case you want it. Right. Which means that we are, we are having to outlay capital at the forefront for thousands, hundreds of thousands of dollars and thousands of units. So that if you go into your local target, Walmart, CVS, it is available for you. You basically Front and Target the brick. Yeah, absolutely. Absolutely. There a minimum on that like amount of invitation. It depends on, it depends on how many doors you're in.


Know some stores do have that. Yeah. It's a large amount and they don't give you money to up it and they don't give you money to up it. And so you have to buy that inventory. But you don't get paid on that inventory for sometimes eight months, you know, a a year depending on when you set. And then once they place the order, you can have terms that are net 60, net 90. So like black owned brands are waiting on their finances to come through. We can't just pull our products from Target. We're in, we're in contracts with them. We are for the most part, dependent on retailers to ensure that we have the visibility and to make sure that we have the turns. Now some people will say like, oh well just, you know, make sure they shop@your.com Y'all in 2020 when black people, when it was a trend to shop black businesses.


Yep. We all benefited. Yeah. We all benefited it. It felt good. We were living in the money. We, we hired more people, we bought more I inventory inventory. And then guess what? It wasn't invoked to to shop black anymore. So I want us to remember the, the buying power of black businesses. Sure. If you wanna boycott boycott because like there is so much power in our dollars, but at the end of the day, we have to be intentional about our shopping to make sure that our dollars are going back to our communities. Yeah. Because guess what? Black people hire black people. Yeah. Like my team is 75% black. My team is 100% women. I'm investing in my community. I gave $35,000 in grants to black women last year.


Mm. So it's like these are, this is what black businesses are doing. So the minute you decide that shopping black is a trend, it negatively impacts us. The minute you decide that you won't shop in the stores that carry our products, it will impact us. Now we're not here to say you should shop and in these retailers, if you feel disrespected, you have the ability and the right to take your dollars wherever you are most comfortable. But to your point, don't forget about us. Don't Please do in fact go to our.com. Exactly. Alright. Right. When we come back, let's still kick in with Melissa Butler from Lip Bar, Ellen Rucker Cell and Ion Rucker Jamison from Rucker Roots. So don't move, it's The Breakfast Club. Good morning. Morning everybody. It's DJ Envy, just hilarious.


Charlamagne the guy. We are The Breakfast Club, Lauren Rosa hanging with us as well. And we're still kicking in with Melissa Butler from Lip Bar and Ellen Rucker Sellers. And I own Rucker Jamon from Rucker Roots. Lauren, I, I heard, I saw a report that one of the brands said that they found out when we found out that that, that the DEI, oh, we all found out, y'all feel they didn't Inform y'all. No emails went Out or nothing. Nothing. And so now we're just on the front lines fighting for our lives on social media. 'cause people are, are coming at us as if we did it as if we created it. So no, we, we did not have a heads up. That was very unfortunate. But I will say, like myself, people like Tabitha Brown, people like Beef from Honeypot, we have been having constant conversation with Target about the impacts, about their responsibility in the matter and frankly pushing them on, on what they need to do next.


And so just know that just because like we are online and we're still selling our products, that does not mean that in the background we are not fighting the good fight within the retailer. 'cause at the end of the day, like I know people are upset with, with Target and Walmart, but like, we actually have skin in the game, right? Like, yeah, you need to find a new place to, to shop your toilet paper. But we are actually in business with them, so of course we're upset, we are more upset with these retailers for for blindsiding us and, and for frankly not being clear on what this actually means. Now that being said, all of those brands for for the most part shopped or or launched in, in Target before DEI was this three letter trend word, like going back to like dark and lovely.


They've been pushing and building small black owned businesses. So as far as I know, they continue, they will continue to do that. But the reality is we are, we are witnessing an attack of DEI we are witnessing an attack from the government on DEI. So like how, how are we all supposed to manage that? Are we supposed to shut down our Gmails? I was gonna ask, Did DEI get your products in there? Did they give y'all the opportunity to get in There? No. No, no, no. We got into retail because we were a strong brand right. Now, do you know some of the buyers look like us and they appreciate, you know, representation. Absolutely. You know, some of the buyers that we have met with, you know, with some of our retailers, they are African American buyers.


And that's so important too, to make sure that, you know, we, you know, have those people in those positions so that they can bring in brands like us and understand the importance. But if you look at how much African Americans spend Emini here, they, these Retailers are all in the money making business, right? And we spend money. So we, it's, Yeah, it's a business. We don't foresee our brands going in Emini here. You know, we don't for they wanna make money and our, our consumers spend the most money. That's just facts. So I just Really, black women spend nine times our white counterparts on beauty product. And so obviously there's a difference in a black woman's hair and a white woman's hair in terms of makeup, aside from color theory and a brand caring enough to actually have a wide range of colors.


There's no, there's no real difference. Right? And so my buying team is actually not women of color. They've never been women of color. And so I think that speaks to the idea that like, to your point, they're in the money business. Like everybody here is trying to fill a gap. Everyone is trying to figure out how do I get more customers right to shop our products? And this is what where, you know, if you have a Rucker roots, if you have a lip bar and you understand that this can bring a different customer, you have an advantage. Yeah. And so we all have strong businesses, we all have strong brands, we have strong followings. And that's how we've been able to stay in retail this long. Yes. Somebody told me, And I don't know if it's true, they said Target didn't actually roll back their initiative, they just changed the name.


Is that true? I think that a lot of these corporations are scared to get sued by the government. Right? I think that's what they are nervous about. You know, this new administration coming in and making all these changes and, and the war on diversity, equity, inclusion. And they're scared to get sued if they put it out there. And I know, you know, just this week we just, we just shipped huge orders to, you know, one of our retailers. Really? Yeah. But I Wonder if that's because of the buy they calling it a buycott because there's some people who are like, no, I'm gonna go in these stores. Totally. And I, I'm like, I'm gonna buy all the black products. I may not, you know, buy anything else, but I'm gonna go buy the black products.


And we want you to do that. Yeah, Absolutely. And, and we're not telling, I'm like, we're not here to tell you we to shop. We're here to tell like ask you to shop with us. We love y'all. You know, we need you. We love you love We love you, love you support. We are here for the fight. We're in it for us. We're not telling you to not boycott, but we telling you to, you know, support these brands, support our, We are going on 10 year anniversary and we couldn't have done it without our consumers and our Lal customers. So thank you. Continue to support Rucker Roots. Follow us on all platforms at Rucker Roots. And of course Ellen said online, rucker Roots.com and and we're Amazon, Walmart, target, Sally's be Penney.


And our website, I'll Just say the Lip Bar has always been a community based business. It's the community that has got us this far. And please know that we will continue to invest in the community. Like we will never turn our back. Like I, I am from the blackest city in America, Detroit, Michigan. So just know that I am always putting us first. Amen. There you have it. Enjoy it. The Breakfast Club. Good morning. The Breakfast Club. Let's play a lady still in here lying, talking about, I sent these flowers. I did not send these flowers talking, but none of her boys would send her these Paw Bear flowers. I didn't Say none of my boys. I said my boo. No.


She said none of her guys would send her these Paw Bear flowers. I said they sending you a message to let you know selection is very mature. It's dead out here. I will say that this is very mature. Well this is usually where we do Pastor Augs, but Nla is sick. Sony Because she's single. She didn't want to be here today. She couldn't take, They warned me And I still came Around foul as Sim walking around with little ear things on her head talking about I love you. She ain't got no Valentine ni lipstick. You know, it's just, it's rough out here man. My T call Flowers, Let's get to Jess with the mess you Need is real. Just Robin Moore just don't do no lying. She don't nobody Worldwide.


Jess Worldwide mess on The Breakfast Club. She's a cultureship. She was able to get y'all to see something and understand something that nobody could get you to see. It's time to set it Off. So it's a lot of music that been dropping and we gonna get into some, we got Drake Jais and who else dropping me off set. It's baby of music that dropped today. Yeah, the baby. Okay. Yeah. So taking it back to Drake, but not too long. 'cause I know y'all y y'all hate the album. I Don't hate it. I just, I didn't listen to it yet. So I can't say what I love. It's just more the same and it's, it's, it sounds manufactured. It's no soul. It's like, like I said, it's AI and G You Want more from him, right? Maybe I expect more from Party. I don't know.


I ain't Down Party's a great artist. But this, this was Drake's moment. I wanted to play the top of, give me a hug. I feel like people are skipping over this because I think this explains why we didn't get that deep soulful sound that you wanted from Drake. Let's take a listen. I think Drake, he's he's, he gotta, he gotta get his foot in back. Y'all. He just been through a lot. Lauren, The fact that he Gotta get his foot footing back. He's talking to Himself. The fact that gotta kept the comments. There's a lot of the things that I, I feel like that's, that's all him. Like what he was just rapping about. All of that stuff was in the comments, you know, It's getting to him And I think people wanted to hear how he really felt about it. But like, would you get on the track right now to really do that? You Do realize this is a collaboration with Party and it's supposed to be an RB album, but the fact that it's a RB album, but y'all keep going back to the rap, she'll let you know everything you need to know about the r and b that's on the album.


Well I didn't hear it but I love, I love when Drake raps. I, I don't necessarily love the RB point stuff. I like, Well this is the RB album. I think the fake, the fact that Drake got talked to hisself like Issa Rae and Amira means he needs some more time. Y'all's too soon. It Shouldn't be called Gimme a Hug. It should be called I Need a Hug. That's what the album should actually called. But I thought that's what you wanted. I thought, I thought we wanted into him express his feelings in his music instead of going online. I think people, but when he goes, when he does it in the music, y'all say he needs a hug. He know he said he want a hug. Just call. Gimme a hug. Boy, I love when binge people try to make excuses for each other. Well Definitely Asking for a hug. You need One, it's fine. He do on this song, he asking him for the hug, like the person that you ain't seen in a minute they'll be like, come here, y'all gimme a hug. Those people, it's kind of annoying. But next song, speaking of just, you know, getting into some things.


So Jaqui and De Loaf. Now before we get to the song, we talked about this in just with the Mess earlier, Jess, remember when we were talking about how like Dee Loaf Deandra Saunders? Oh yeah, Yeah. What, yeah, what what happened with that? So Dej Loaf and Jais actually sat down and they addressed this whole situation. There's been a fallout with Jacque's fiance because of the collaboration. Let's take a listen. In my understanding, she don't really understand the entertainment industry. I think that's why you see like the Outlashes on the internet and just different stuff like that. I think she probably do that to be heard or something Emini here. Of course I don't like it. You know what I'm saying? But I try not to indulge in the internet stuff. Sure. You know what I'm saying? So I try to stay like as far away from it as possible in the public.


Anybody that know me, I feel like they just know that I'm passionate about my work and my dream. I respect people. Relationships used to be, you know, but I also, it's like do y'all respect the friendship? I've been out the picture, you know, And I stay out the picture. Unless it's business. Like we don't even hang out as much and do the cool shit that we used to do. So now it's, you know, it's respect. Females just never even take it to me for real. Or even if they did know me, they don't like me now. You know what I'm saying? Just 'cause they don't like our bond and our chemistry. So Now y'all heard all that. Jess go ahead. I just felt like, what do you mean she's doing, going back to what Jaqui said, like what do you mean she's doing this to be heard or whatever? Yeah, because obviously you don't hear her, you know, even if she don't understand, it's your job to make her understand what's going on.


You know what Emini here. And to hear her say that she was like, she couldn't come to didn't, didn't she say that she was blocked from some type of rehearsal where she couldn't, she wasn't allowed post the video from wasn't allowed to be there. Like she not ever supposed to feel like that. You know what, Emini here. Facts. Yeah. Like especially if we just had a baby, you proposed to me, you tell you doing all these interviews talking about you're gonna marry me and all this stuff and then next that you know, that's why I rappers supposed to leave. They, I get why they leave their personal life private because this not, this not even supposed to be a thing. You not even supposed to be on it. Oh, I wanna take a listen to some of the songs because I will say f your friend zone one was very flirty, very whatever. And I think that's what sparked the rumors. Even though you know they're saying it's platonic And then it's called F the Friend Zone Baby F Friend zone two.


But this is a continuation of their 2017 project. To be fair, before Deandra was in C Life I did it. But that girl just had a baby. Her mind is fresh on, she just went through this with Dreezy it, it's too much. No take a listen to the song. She better not listen to that album. Yo. The Album is very much That that is a remake of their still belong to somebody. They did this belong to somebody else and it still belong to somebody else. So they kind of like sampled their own song. But it very much leans into we crossing the boundaries of a Friend zone. But they have said that this is platonic Deon Deandre Sanders also did say that she tried to introduce herself to De Loaf twice, but Dage didn't wanna meet her according to Deandre. And she's basically saying, y'all go please give their little album some press.


So they'll stop leaning into this. So I Was born in 1,978. Man, y'all really be having sex and music like that. That's No hell no. All this creeping ass music. Yeah right. This side eye nigga like why you putting up on, Are you trying to tell me something? Who fought the Pull out? Did you belong to whatever? Like what's going on? Just making sure. I'm like, dang, that's what y'all playing for Valentine's Day. The interesting thing is de love gay. Ain't she know she got like a girlfriend or something? Yeah, they they both in public relationships with With people. Like So you telling me there's a start out there ready to she ready to, she ready to stand up and be like Uhuh de is The feminist though. I feel she is the one. Oh like I feel the same way. Deandre, what's her Name?


Deandre. Deandre. I Feel the same way. Deandre, I know your pain. You know what Emini here. But think she Could be bi though. Yeah, she could be, but she just, she's in, I thought yo, I swear I saw something like she, She had posted photos a minute ago. Yeah but I don't know where she is right now. Yeah, I don't know where that is right now. She in Between thugs. It don't matter where I don, it don't matter where she at right now. She, it matters about what, how Deandre are feeling. Like listen, 'cause that girl could be going through postpartum or anything. And why would you deny meeting the girl? Why did you, why would you decline on meeting, meeting Deandre It if you, and if you and Jaqui are strictly platonic. I don't understand why it Is a sticky situation though.


'cause you know, it seems to me like the two people, Ja, what's Jaqui and Delo probably would've been better friends than lovers and they probably should have never been in a relationship. And it's the worst when you realize you realize that after y'all done sweat on each other. 'cause you can't un, you can't unf a person they engaged. Who? Deandre and Deandre Jaqui talking. I'm talking about about, oh I Don't know if they ever really sweated on each other in real life or if this is just for the music. Oh, I say for like a year. I didn't Know that. So UNC is confused. I don dunno. I thought y'all was, I'm listening to y'all. I thought y'all, I thought the problem was that he used to be with De Child this and Dere don't like them doing music together. We don't know. That's it. He got it right child got It. Right. That's that's the gist of it. That's right. Yeah. Okay.


Alright. I about to stay out these young people business. I know, right? I know right? And I ain because they pissing me off And I shouldn't be mad. This is T for you, huh? It's too tic-tac. It's too tac. Alright well that is just with the mess. It's all rights. Too much Tic-tac. But happy Valentine's To anybody. Happy Valentine's Day everybody. Let's stick To the mix. It's a Valentine mix. Don't go anywhere, Everybody talking to all our hoes. Wake up. Wake up. You're locked into The Breakfast Club. Morning everybody, it's D EJ Envy Jess, hilarious Charlamagne the guy. We are The Breakfast Club. It's Black History Month. What we doing today? Charlamagne Man sl to my guy B dot. You know every day during black history month B dot puts out a podcast called I didn't know. Maybe you didn't either. And today's episode is about HBCUs and pbis.


HBCUs and PBIS are the dynamic duo of black education. One with a rich history of excellence and the other in urban hero meeting that today needs B dot. Let's discuss. Alright, now let's start with the HBCUs. They the OGs, these schools go way back like before your grandma's grandma was even thinking about having kids back. You dig what I'm saying? First one, Cheney University, 1837. That's right. Black folks was out here educating themselves when slavery was still happening. Imagine trying to study algebra when people out here trying to enslave you.


Now that's some dedication. HBCUs were like, y'all don't want us in your schools. Cool. We'll build our own schools. And they did it Big Howard Spelman, Morehouse, HBCU, home Cummins, you know the vibes. If you've never been to one, you're missing out Now. Pbis, that's Donnie and Mark and Joey and Jordan. Them you know, new kids on the block because PBIS came later. They like, we might not have the history, but we here for the hustle. See PBIS are schools located in urban areas where most of us live? And they said, listen, black students are here, we see you, let's make this work. But PBIS weren't always for us. Some of 'em started as regular old colleges and then looked around and said, oh snap, half our students is black.


Guess we're a PBI now. Now here's the thing, both HBCUs and PBIS are here to lift us up. They're about helping us get degrees, build careers and to help you stop having to ask for your mama's car. And both are cranking out Black excellence HBCUs gave us Martin Luther King Jr. Oprah and Chadwick Bozeman, PBIS are newer. So they're alumni like, hey, we still coming up right now, but we got next though. Although there are similarities, there are also differences. The big difference H BCUs are about legacy. You walk onto A-H-B-C-U campus and it feels like a black family reunion where everybody's a TT or aunt period. There's history in the air pbis, they're about right now.


They're like, what do you need? You need resources, you need scholarships, you need snacks. We got you. So we need both. Why? Because racism doesn't take a day off. HBCUs are there to remind us where we've been. And PBIS are there to make sure no one gets left behind. It's like a relay race. HBC started it and PBIS grabbed the baton stick that what you say when somebody passing you the baton. I ran track a little bit in high school, wasn't very good, but I know the jargon. So whether you repping Fam u Winston-Salem State Howard, or some PBI in your city, just know this. These schools are for us. By us. They FUBU schools And I didn't know, maybe you didn't either.


Happy Black History Month, everybody. Yes indeed. And make sure you subscribe to, I didn't know, maybe you didn't either. On the Black Effect iHeartRadio Podcast Network available everywhere you listen to podcast. All right, when we come back, we got the positive notice, The Breakfast Club. Good morning. Morning everybody. It's D-E-J-N-D. Just hilarious. Charlamagne ne guy. We are The Breakfast Club. Lauren LA is hanging with us now. I know Lauren, you have nothing to do tonight, but I got something for you. Saturday Night Live 50 is the Homecoming concert. It's on Peacock. It's a live event. It's hosted by Jimmy Fallon. It's gonna be packed with all type of appearances. They're gonna be highlighting some sketches and they're gonna have some musical performances. So I know you don't have a date and really nothing to do tonight.


This is something you might wanna do. You be minding my business real bad, envy, But I'm not lying. It's tonight, February 14th, it's on Peacock and you can go. It's gonna be a lot of entertainment. It's gonna be performances. So when you're sitting there by yourself, lonely tonight, you can NB entertained. Y'all just think, I just sit lonely with like ice cream in the dark and you know what? I'm gonna lean in you right? I'm, I'm gonna put it on Peacock. It's live. I've actually seen SNL in person so it's probably gonna be good on peacock Holes. But see the thing about having all those holes is that you know, when you actually gotta settle down and have won, you're gonna end up with nothing like this morning of a bad. I know it was bad for her guy's already texting her right now. Like O word. How many O word texts you got this morning? None. You're a liar.


Zip zero sends you with the arrow. I don't, I don't understand what you what, what do y'all think I'd be like doing? What text you got yesterday? Then you said somebody text you yesterday Talk and said how diabolical you are and how well I handle it because they know the domesticated wifey version of me. Well, you won't be doing much. So the best of Saturday Night Live tonight on Peacock You, 'cause you said you're going out with your aunt and your mom. So y'all could all sit together and watch it together. Check it out. You guys have a great weekend. It's gonna be a three day week and it's President's Day on Monday. President's Day is Monday. Salute Druke for pulling up. Make sure you check out his show. Could have been love available on YouTube right now. Episode one is out right now and salute to the Good Sisters man, Melissa. But love the Lip Bar Ion Rucker Jameson and Ellen Rucker.


Sellers of Rucker Roo. They are just some entrepreneurs, black entrepreneurs who have products and a lot of these retail stores that have rolled back a lot of DEI initiatives, man. So it was good to have them up here just to hear their thoughts about that and how we can continue to support their businesses. Alright, well you got a positive note for the people? I do, but hold up. Go ahead, Jeff. Before y'all get to the positive note. Next Sunday, February 23rd, I will be in Tampa at the Hard Rock Casino and Hotel. Y'all get y'all tickets@jesshilariousofficial.com. It's one show. The show starts at eight And I will see y'all when I get there. Tampa. It'll be me and my brother Desi Alexander. I haven't been there in a few years, but I'm totally excited.


So point me in all the good direction, all the directions of the good food. Hey, and and listen, I want to tell everybody too, if you at Newark, New Jersey, pull up the Astoria the night from five to seven. We just gonna have a little mixer. It is Valentine's Day. You know, a little pre-game. You might wanna pre-game before you go out to dinner or you know, go out to the movies, whatever it is you want to do. Pull up the Astoria. 7, 9, 9 Broad Street in Newark, New Jersey. Premium cannabis. Legal cannabis dispensary in Newark. We got a DJ gonna be there tonight. DJ Annie Warhol. She'll be DJing from five to seven tonight. 7, 9, 9 Broad Street, Astoria, Newark, New Jersey. Pull up before you pull up a pregame before you go out for night, man.


Okay, see you tonight. Hope Everybody don't get too high and go right back in the house. That's hilarious. Go Eat. But that might Pregame at a dispensary. That might be even better. Yeah, that might. That might be because save Some money. Save some money. That's right. Straight to it. Get high. Get the munchies, get go. Go home. You know, munch On your Girl, sweat on each other On, you know, do the Thing. That's right. And the positive note is simply this love. That's what the day is all about. Right? Even though every day should be about it. But love yourself first and everything else will fall into line. Love yourself first and everything else falls into line. You really have to love yourself to get anything done in this world. Okay? So you can jump out there and talk about I love you today, baby. I love you. None of that is real. If you don't love yourself first, have a blessed day Breakfast Club Bitches.


Y'all finish or y'all done Ready to celebrate the magic of Live Music South by Southwest Music Festival returns to Austin, Texas this March 10th through the 15th with a fresh lineup of legendary and rising talent. Join a global community of music lovers, artists, industry professionals and creatives at the 2025 South by Southwest Music Festival. With hundreds of showcasing artists performing across six days in over 50 venues. Discovery is right around the corner at South by Southwest. Explore the lineup@sxsw.com.


Life is an act of constant reinvention that's true for you and for cause. Nissan Reimagined the all new kicks around you. The Bowles Personal plus sound system with speakers in the headrest keeps you in the groove while the Nissan Safety Shield 360 technologies keep you safe. If Nissan reinvented the kicks, you can reinvent yourself. Drive the all new Reimagined Nissan Kicks today. Available Features compatible device service and consumer activation of Nissan Connect Services. Package required use only when safe and legal subject to third party service availability For more information, see Nissan usa.com/connect/legal. Apple CarPlay is a trademark of Apple Link. Intelligent all-wheel drive cannot prevent collisions or provide enhanced traction in all conditions. Always monitor traffic and weather conditions.


Taking control of your career is empowering. Just don't tell my boss I said that. Just kidding. I am the boss. This is Carlos Miller from the 85 South Show. And building a career isn't just about a job. It's about creating a path that impacts our community and future generations. Whether you're starting out or even making big moves, State Farm is here to support you with resources to help protect what you're working hard to achieve. They've got your back every step of the way because like a good neighbor State Farm is there. Find out more at State Farm dot com.


At t has a new guarantee because most things in life are not guaranteed. In a world where nothing is guaranteed, at and t is bringing something new to the table. At t is introducing a guarantee. With connectivity you depend on deals you want in service, you deserve, or they make it right. Learn more at att.com/guarantee. At t connecting changes everything, terms and conditions apply. Visit att.com/guarantee for details.