
Meetings, deadlines, emails. Don't you wish you could escape the chaos? That's where the all new Nissan Murano comes in with available features like the relaxing misogyny seats to ease stress, and the beautiful skyline views that bring in natural light. It's like cruising in your personal oasis. And if you need to set a vibe, 64 colors of personalized lighting and a bold premium sound system. Have you covered? Hands down. The all new Nissan Murano is your stress-free getaway. Sometimes the greatest rush isn't rushing at all. Drive the all new Nissan Murano today. Panoramic, moonroof, ambient lighting, bows and massaging. Leather appointed seats are optional features.


Taking control of your career is empowering. Just don't tell my boss. I said that. Building a career isn't just about a job. It's about creating a path that impacts our community and future generations. Whether you're starting out or making big moves, State Farm is here to support you with resources to help protect what you're working hard to achieve. They've got your back every step of the way because like a good neighbor State Farm is there. Find out more at State Farm dot com.


Toyota Is the best resale value brand for 2025 according to Kelley Blue Book's kbb.com. And with a wide range of dependable vehicles for any lifestyle, you can get everything you need in a vehicle today while investing in tomorrow. So choose Toyota and choose Value Shop. Buy a toyota.com for great deals and more vehicles. Projected resale value is specific to the 2025 model year. For more information, visit Kelley Blue Book's kbb.com. Kelley Blue Book is a registered trademark of Kelley Blue Book Co, Inc. Toyota. Let's go places


Lowe's helps. Refresh your garden in time for Mother's Day. Right now get five bags of one and a half cubic foot Scotts Naturescapes Mulch for just $10. Plus. Select one and a half gallon annuals hanging baskets make the perfect gift now two for only $15. The best Garden starts with great deals. Lowe's, we help you save. Fall through five seven. Selection varies by location while supplies last. Discount taking at time of purchase.


Good morning. USA. Yo yo Yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo, yo yo. Jess. Hilarious. Good morning, Charlemagne the guy. Peace To the Planet. It is Friday. Hey, good morning. How y'all feel out there? I feel blessed Black and Holly Faed. Happy to be here another day to serve our beautiful listeners. What's happening? Yes. The weekend is here. What up, Jess? How you feeling? What's up? I feel good. I finally went to go see Sinners the last night. What you think? Okay. I did cinematically. It was, it was cinematically. It was the greatest movie I've seen in years. It was casted great. Yo, they did so great. I think this is Michael b Jordan's like best role to date. One of his best roles. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Really? Yeah, because Vale Station, I, I can't get over that, but yes.


When you think of the degree of difficulty, right? Yes. Because it's him playing his twin. Yeah. Yep, yep, yep. And then there's so much emotion. It even had funny parts. It was cool the story though. I ain't gonna lie. Nah, you wasn't loving it. I just, I I know I wasn't loving it. It didn't really make sense. And then I'm wondering where certain people, people went with with it, why it didn't come back and it, it, I don't know. It was, it was like, I know who You talking about. Yeah, yeah, yeah. Chris Cousins in the beginning. I said, first of all, excuse me. No, because they was Indians Don't play with me like that. They are cousins of the Mexicans. For real? Yes. Oh, that's what's up. I ain't know that. Shut up. Anyway, but yeah. Yeah. Yeah. It, it was nice. But I just felt like he had a lot of concepts that he wanted to mesh.


Like it was a lot of concepts that meshed. And I was still confused. I was confused. I'm like, all, where did this come from? Why is this? You know what Emini here, you, you gotta see it. It is, it's worth seeing. Definitely worth seeing it. It is great. I'm, he is doing all these numbers. Yo cinematically is crazy. I honestly, I don't know who had a better movie shot than that. Wow. Honestly. Yeah. Okay. So Especially that juke joint scene. Yeah. Oh my god. That that sent chills. That was sent chills up your spine F For real. And I was shrimping, so it was like, wow. It took you through a whole Yeah. That it is a, it is a dance floor scene. You gonna see it, you gonna know what we talking about. It just takes you through different areas of music. And how Ryan had it shot was amazing.


So, Wow. Okay. I can't wait to see it. I hopeful like, well, won't get to see it this weekend, but next weekend I'll definitely get to see it. Yesterday was my da, my daughter's da. Last dance competition. Okay. Yeah. Take the last Dance. It's over. So, yeah. So dance is, is of fish. Dance season is officially over. So they dance yesterday. So I, And I don't know why they do dance on a Thursday when they have school. Yeah. It makes no sense at all. Yeah. But yeah. Do They ever be tired going into school because of dance? Nah, they love dance so much. It is just like, they don't even care. They actually have their trios and their group dances, which is the whole school and trios today. So they're, they're back out there this morning. But I just, I just love watching 'em dance. I know it's, no, it is no better feeling than to watch them get busy on that stage. I know. And in the crowd cheering for them and all that.


And just to see their faces. 'cause they love It. Yeah. Now you know the Dance Mom show, right? If they come out with a dance dance show, it would not be a Dance Dad show without envy. Yo, you, you are like a dance mom, but you're a dad. Okay. You would definitely be number one Dance dad. So I'm A dad. A Dance Dad. Dance dad. Yeah. Okay. I just gotta do a show. I'm gonna get Lauren to reach out to the people to show. Lord, Listen, we got a great show for you today too. Kim Coles and Erica Alexander will be here because they're launching a new podcast called Reliving Single, which is on May 7th. Yep. And Jessica's cousin slash governor. Governor Westmore. That's real Cousin. Y'all got the Same last name, period. Yep. That's real cousin. Yep. That's My cousin. Governor Westmore will be here as well.


That's my cousin. Today is Friday, so I want to, I liked what we did last week when we did the People's Donkey of Today. So I want y'all to start calling up now to nominate who you want to be Donkey today. I know that's right. People can give Donkey of the Day today. So anybody That they want, somebody Think about anybody wants, anybody you want to call us right now, That means his ass is tied. Yeah. Him for like typing on up today. Real cute. Okay. Yeah. That's something you gonna do every Friday night. Every Potentially. If I could have a day off of writing the paper, I would do it too. So Go ahead. All right, well let's get the show cracking. Front page news is next is The Breakfast Club Club. Good morning. Morning everybody. It's DJ Envy. Just hilarious. Charlemagne the guy. We are The Breakfast Club. Let's get in some front page news. What up do what up Detroit?


How y'all feeling this morning? Hey, y'all home already, right? All right. The next Beat Pistols last night. 1 16, 1 13. They close out that series. They are playing Boston in the next round. So we'll see how that goes. SLU To New York next. Col. Get in your ass. And I was letting him go. I Quiet. He would have that D in his ass. Come on. I don't threaten him with a good time. Jeff can't listen. What SLU to jail in Brunson. Looking like a young Kobe Bryant his prime last night. The way he, the way he closed out. Wow. He closed out amazingly. So. Nah, he did salute to the Knicks And he dropped 40. Yeah, he dropped 40 last night. The Clippers beat the Nuggets last night. 1 11, 1 0 5. They tied that series. Three, three. And tonight, if you're a boxing fan, there's a lot of boxing going on.


Charlamagne. You're a huge boxing fan. You you watching boxing you two Justin? I definitely is. Yeah. I watch it. My daughter has a play tonight. But after that I will be watching Ryan Garcia versus Raleigh Roll Romero. Devin Haney's fighting Jose Ramirez. Yep. TMA Lopez fights tonight as well. He fights Arnold Zaza. That's right. Canelo fights tomorrow too, right? Yeah. Canelo fights tomorrow too. It's a lot Of Mexicans fighting, huh? That's it's single. Single It to single weekend. Single to my weekend. You better have something planned special for Christmas for single de May this day. Christmas This day. Christmas. Not for Christmas. Done. My goodness. All right, well good morning Morgan. Good morning y'all. Happy Friday. Let's get into it. So the phrase of the day is due process.


So President Trump is questioning whether the undocumented immigrants deserve due process while delivering a commencement speech at the University of Alabama. Yesterday, Trump criticized judges who have blocked his administration's efforts to deport alleged illegal immigrants. Let's take a listen to his comments. They have to let us do the job that the voters want us to do. Judges are interfering supposedly based on due process. But how can you give due process to people who came into our country illegally? They want to give him due process. I don't know. So Trump went, And that's a question. You know, governor Westmore is coming here and that is a question that, that I asked him. I asked him the same thing doing the undocumented Im immigrants have the same constitutional rights as people who are here illegally.


So I was gonna say, well, what did he say? Trump trump you Out next in a couple Hours. Yeah, a couple hours. Trump went on to congratulate the universities women's track team and track and field for their two conference title wins this year. He also used the opportunity to highlight his, his administration's efforts to ban transgender women from women's sports and tout what he believes is a better economy under his administration. He also shouted out the school's, the legendary former football coach, Nick Saban, saying the University of Alabama has a brand and that brand is winning. In other news, national Security advisor, Mike Waltz, is leaving his position as National Security Advisor. That's according to multiple reports. And this comes after Walt's face scrutiny for mistakenly adding Atlantic editor Jeffrey Goldberg, to a signal chat that discussed plans for a military strike.


Now, vice president JD Vance spoke to Fox News about the matter saying that Waltz is not being fired from his role as a national security advisor, but instead he's being promoted. I won't toss the audio 'cause I see we're short on time. But he basically says that Vance Vance says that Trump decided that Waltz is better served in another role, which is the US Ambassador to the United Nations. So Waltz, of course, faced scrutiny, like I said, for adding, mistakenly, adding that reporter to the Signal chat that discussed plans for a military strike. And Trump said in the interim, secretary of State, Marco Rubio will serve as National Security Advisor while continuing to be a strong leadership, being a strong leader in the State Department as Secretary of State.


Now Republican Congresswoman Elise de Fannick of New York was the UN nominee until the White House withdrew. Its citing a slim house, GOP majority. They wanna maintain their stake in the house and in the Senate and or their seats per se. And so they kept her in that seat and withdrew her nomination. So when, When, when is Trump gonna make that same decision about Pete ef the same decision he just made about Mike Wa You know, you're not, you're not firing people, but you know, you, you're, you're promoting, you're snooping him around, moving him around other positions. Yes. Yeah. Well he has expressed, the president has expressed that he has the utmost confident comp confidence, not competence. He has the utmost confidence in Pete Hegseth and his ability to lead the DEF Department of Defense.


So I'm not sure when that'll happen, but I'll keep you posted. Alright, well thank you Morgan. Everybody else get it off your chest. 805 8 5 1 0 5 1 if you need to vent, phone lines are wide open again, 805 8 5 1 0 5 1. Get it off your chest. It's The Breakfast Club. Good morning. The Breakfast Club. It's a new day. This is your time to get it off your chest wake. Wake up. Whether you're mad or blessed, it's Time to get up and get something. Call up now. (800) 585-1051. We want to hear from you on The Breakfast Club. Hello? Who's this? Yeah, this smooth jazz from the Port City. What's good?


Breakfast Club? What's Up brother? You on your chest? Man, I just wanna shout out. I'm show to Renee Nicole Reynolds out here in Wilmington, North Carolina. She's a beautiful, beautiful black queen. And I just wanna show her some appreciation today, man. That's your, that's your fiance. Y'all married? What y'all doing? You not married? I wanna get married. We kind of going through a rough patch right now, but I just wanted to know that we gonna get through it. It's been five years. It was five years on Tuesday. It's time to get married sir. Absolutely. I am sick of hearing all of these brothers that's been with these ladies for a long time and know they got good women. What are you waiting on? There ain't nothing out here To do that. I know.


Hey Look, I get, I get that. It's just, we both got things to work on and I ain't just trying to rush into no mayors, man. I just got out of a five year relationship before I got with her and then now we done made it five years. So Emini here, anything can happen. I just don't wanna rush into it and have to go through divorce because Emini here. I may be a realtor, but I ain't that rich. I understand. But you said something else before you talked about the finances. You said that you need to do some work on yourself. That's more important than the money. Like you And I are doing the right work on y'all self before y'all get married. Absolutely. That's a fact. I'm working on it though. Yes Sir. Slt all the welders out there man. Yeah. All right brother. For sure. Hello, who's this? It's Toya.


Hey Toya. Good morning. Where you calling from? I'm calling from North Carolina. Okay. Get it off your chest. I wanna get off my chest that everybody listening to me. Let them people be, I hear Charlemagne talk about Mayor Robbins a lot. Let them people be, enjoy your journey. There you go. Allow God to move you and guide you throughout your life. Let them people be, walk away, mute those calls, block them people and keep it moving. I love us as black people. The name of the book is Elect Him Theory, but we gotta add a little R to it. Elect him. People beat. I know what you meant, Toya. No, I like what you said. I we we add a little razzle D to it. Let them people beat.


Yes, yes, yes. But thank you Toya. Yes Ma'am. Don't worry. Look, don't, don't rush it. Don't worry. Let God be in control. Well see that's the serenity prayer that you know, black people, we grew up on that with that serenity prayer sitting up in your grandma house. God grabbed me. The serenity, they accepted things. I cannot change courage to change the things I can and the wisdom to know the difference. Thank you Toya. Amen. You know another good one we don't talk about from my grandma. Your grandma ever had the footprints Footprints pull in their house picture. Yeah. With the, With the footprint. Actual footprints in the front and Yeah. Well it says, you know, on the, there's two set of footprints, but in the toughest times of your life, it was one set of footprints. So the man asked God, he said, why in my toughest times it was only one set of footprint. Yeah. My Grandma and my mother. If God, that God said, that's when I carried you my child.


Mm mm mm Mm Yep. Get it off your chest. 805 8 5 1 0 5 1. If you need to vent, hit us up now. It's The Breakfast Club. Good morning. The Breakfast Club. This is your time to get it off your chest. Keep calling 805 8 5 1 0 5 1. We wanna hear from you on The Breakfast Club. Hello. Who's this? Hey y'all. Good morning. This is Slim Slim. What's up? You up for your chest mama. Hey Slim. Hey y'all. So let me tell you what happened at the podcast event. Something horrible happened At the Black Effect Festival. Yes. Y'all, I gonna pay, I paid almost $400 for two meter greet tickets And I didn't get anything.


I was supposed to get What you was supposed to get. I No swag, no drink tickets. I ain't even get to meet you Charlamagne. I don't believe that. But what time did Get, why Yout Super late? Why'd you pay 400 that them tickets didn't cost no $400? No, I had two tickets. I didn't see the email that they sent the day before that. The meet and greet was at 10:00 AM and that's when they gave out the bag. I ain't nobody drinks tickets. I bought like four drinks for me and my mama. Y'all then everybody saying there's nothing we can do that really crush my theory. I couldn't even lay, I don even try with nothing. I'm gonna send you a swag bag myself. How about that? Are you, you promised because I, yeah, you know I pay so much money for a general a experience. I got really pretty for y'all. I was excited. I put together little kid bags and everything.


I get you. You should have said something. 'cause there was a brother who came late, I can't remember his name. He came late and he had bought the meet and greet ticket. So I just told him to bring him, bring him backstage where I was at. She did say something she said to her was, I tried, he been gone for few minutes. I was like, oh my God. What time was that in the booth? We were like towards the back. And what time was that? I don dunno. Lauren, if you remember my mom tapped you on the back. She gave you a bag. Oh, she gave you my camera. You gave Lauren, you gave that to Lauren? Yes, she gave Lauren A. Little bag because we were boohoo crying. Like what can we do real quick? She saw Lauren. So she ended up giving Lauren the gift bag. But you know, that's all we can do On I know we gonna get your information.


Yeah, we gonna get your information. I'm gonna send you a couple of swag bags. Thank you. That'll be nice. Yma. Yes. Could you also send out our podcast or something? What's the name of the podcast? I ain't get to meet nobody. What's the name of the podcast? Duluth Lips and Liquor podcast. Lip. They call you called, you called here earlier this week. Oh my mama probably called y'all. I don't know. I'm like, I need to talk to Somebody. Called I mama called Your mama called this week. Now I'm a little confused now because your, your mama called up here earlier this week. Shout not the Loose Lipsy Liquor podcast. And she said that we met and she said she had a good time and all kind other stuff. Oh she Didn't? No, No, no. She said she met Lauren. Remember she said she met Lauren and gave a swag bag and all that. I don't remember but I'll send you a No, I'll make sure you get right.


Yeah, thank you. Oh, put her, hold on. Okay. Yeah. Eddie, get her information please. She not lying. Yo, I don't think she lying. Oh. Alright. Hello. Who's this? This Bo Irene. Y'all. Y'all talking to me Bore. What's up? Get off your chest brother. Yo, what's up? Who? Who? Who's up there today? I know you Everybody. Everybody's up here. Oh, okay. What's up everybody? I just wanna to say what up y'all? Good morning. I just had to get off my chest. The technology, we just gotta put down the technology. We going in the wrong direction. Y'all heard about how they just did an implant and the paraplegic dude? Yes, I heard about that. The Neuralink, right? Yeah. Yeah. The Neuralink. Yes. Elon Musk. Neuralink.


Exactly how we know that's him. How we don't know that's ai. Just talking to us. How you know he not a prisoner in his own body and he's just stuck and AI talking about Nah, we good. I'm And he just gonna take over. I agree. By the way, that's the, that's the third person to get oral link by the way. Yeah, that's what AI's on his way. So there's gonna be a million. And then how are we gonna know who's controlling what? It is just too much. We need a new Black Friday holiday with the blackout all internet. That's good for y'all. We could still have radio, but just put the technology down for take a break. Mm. You know what, Emini here? Yeah, for a Second. I I get what you're saying. But you know, thanks those guys like Elon Musk who are fundraising $8.5 billion to do stuff like Neuralink.


They not taking no break. They figuring out how to put other people's consciousness in other people's bodies. Mm Damn. Yes. Well Get it off your chest. 805 8 5 1 0 5 1. Now we got the latest with Lauren coming up. We do. So as time wind down for Diddy to go to trial, he just rejected a plea deal. He confirmed in the court yesterday, he is looking at almost up to life in prison. If he doesn't, So this is another plea deal they offered him. 'cause we did the we the first one last week. It's the same one. Same one. It's the same one. But remember those were documents and we didn't really know exactly what was happening because it was just these documents. But he was in court y yesterday and he confirmed, the judge asked him, did you reject that plea deal? He said, yes I did. I Wanna know what the plea deal was. That's what you need to be asking your, your sauces like I am. I'm asking, I'm asking you. I need to know what the plea was that he turned down.


Right. Alright, well the latest with Lauren's up next don't go anywhere is The Breakfast Club. Good morning. The Breakfast Club Morning everybody. It's D-E-J-N-V. Just hilarious. Charlemagne the guy. We are The Breakfast Club. Let's get to the latest with Lauren. Lauren become straight fish. She gets them from somebody that knows somebody. Well She gets the details. I'm the home girl that knows a little bit about everything And she be having the latest on the latest with Lauren la. Sometimes she have facts, sometimes she have details, sometimes she have a little bit of everything. What was the latest on The Breakfast Club? Talk, Talk to me. Alrightyy, y'all. So Thursday yesterday, the 1st of May, Diddy was in court and he walked into court.


He was there with his attorney, his attorney's attorney, Gar Gross and Brian Steele who was young thug's attorney and his trial. And he rejected or he confirmed that he rejected the plea deal that we've been talking about in here. So he's in court and the judge asks him, did you reject the plea deal? Did he says, yes I did. The judge is like, are you aware of the fact that you could potentially serve more time in prison because of the plea deal rejection if you were convicted? And did he told the judge that he did understand the stakes of what was on the line. Now a lot of, and Brian still is new to the case, right? Yes. Brian still is new to the case. We reported when he came on and when it was actually like real like, okay he's working the case now. Now I spoke to a source close to the case trying to figure out more of what the plea deal was because most people, nobody knows what it is as of now.


So I got a bit more details. What I was told is that the plea deal included, did he having to plead guilty to a lot of things that he absolutely did not do. Now there's he, he's saying he didn't do any of this, right? He's been saying I'm not guilty of any of this whatsoever. But there are certain things and certain allegations that are so absurd that Diddy's team feels like they don't even have evidence to even bring this into conversation. So he's not even gonna plead guilty and give them any leeway to throw things on him or to build a case with those things. Now I wanna point to the fact that, you know, when Jay-Z came out, the woman from 2000, the VMA awards that said that Diddy and Jay-Z allegedly raped her. Yeah. That was dismissed once Jay-Z fought it. And that was one of the claims.


I wanna also point out. The little ride $30 million lawsuit, they decided not to move forward with that as well too because of the claims and But Those are all civil. That's not in criminal stuff. Civil, yes. But I pointed to those because those claims even civilly just show how outra, how outrageous, according to my source and according to what I believe Didi's legal team is looking at the claims can get when it comes to puffing the situation. Because people have began to power on. So what I'm being told is the same thing is happening on the criminal side and on top of it happening on the criminal side, there is no evidence allegedly to back up the piling on of these different things. So Puff is saying he wants to, he wants to go to court, he wants to fight it. Listen, I don't know what's true and what's not true, but I, you know, they, Diddy also told us the Cassie stuff wasn't true.


Yes, A Hundred Percent. But then that turned out to be, you know, a complete lie. So I have no idea, you know, because it like to your point, the Diddy situation has been so muddied because of a lot of these civil cases and a lot of these things that are flooding the internet. That's not what he's on trial for. Right, Exactly. Yeah. He has to fight it. Yeah. I can't see him not even taking into plea. He has to fight it. Well I will say too, even with the plea, the plea isn't because they feel like the, the prosecutors don't feel like they don't have a strong case. You do that just, you know, by operation. Because if you don't do it, Diddy could come back after he's convicted. If he's convicted and say, yo, they didn't have my best interest in mind so I need to appeal this. Because if they had my best interest, they want me, want me to just sit in jail, they would've gave me, they would've helped me catch a break through a plea deal maybe.


'cause I think they would really, if if they have everything that they say they have, they would really try to lock dia for a long time. And Barrs the is shatter. They are like, they haven't tried. They're trying to, but, And I don't think they would offer them a plea in my opinion. So well Nor I will say normally in in, in most typically in a court case, especially this high stake, that's what you do. It's all, it's literally like a protection. It's like let me get this out the way and offer, we know he probably won't take it, but let's just do it so that we can check this box real quick. And listen, I don't know anything about the law. I am not a lawyer And I know Brian Steele just came on the case. But the, the lawyers that he was with this whole time that couldn't even get him a bond or they still around as well or he got rid of, Some of them are, some of them are. I wouldn't trust the same lawyers who can't even get me a bond to, you know, win a trial for me.


But I also don't know how much influence the lawyer has on whether or not their client gets a bond. Yeah. Emini here. I get what you're saying. I think though, because he has so many different counsel and he has Brian Steel that just came on as new, the team seems like they'll be a little bit more refreshed 'cause it's different conversations, different leaderships or leadership in the, in the situation now. Now people And What is the plea deal? That's what I want to know. I wanna, I wanna know what he turned down. I don know exactly what he turned down yet. I just know what it was leaning toward. And from what I'm told that was, you know, Puff's legals team. Like that was the biggest thing for him is like, there's so much in here that is not true and they can't prove it because there's no evidence. 'cause it never happened. We are not gone with that. Yeah, forget all that though. But what was the time? Because I, because I, 'cause I read somewhere, And I don't know if this is true, somebody said five years, I didn't see plea deal for five years, but I could look It up.


I don't if that's true. I just saw that somewhere. Mm nah I didn't see that. All the outlets I've seen, they don't know what it was because of like everything's, it's supposed to not be getting out into the media or whatever. But the case starts the, he actually goes to court and that begins on May 12th. They also address jury selection in court that that day. And people you know, that were there are commenting on how he looked. They said he looked happy. It is been released that he's able to actually wear like clothes. Clothes when child starts. He doesn't have to come suited in a booted in his jail stuff. But it's only like five different like outfits. Like certain shirts, certain ties. Five button down shirts, five pairs of pants, five sweaters, five pairs of socks, two pairs of shoes without laces is what he's allowed to wear to Court. So no laces. He gotta wear LOAs.


Yeah. Shoes without laces. Yep. That's, yeah.


Hey, what up Y'all? It's DJ Envy. The first few months of 2025 have been quite a year. Work deadlines, group chats, you can't escape. And your weird cousin's latest overshare. It's a lot. But here's some good news. You don't have to bring that stress into your car. The all new Nissan Murano is your piece on wheels thanks to its available features. Imagine sliding into the relaxing massaging seats that feel like they were made to melt your tensions. Take in the skyline views that let sunlight pour in and watch as your day brightens. I have a special playlist that always gets me right. And with the Bows premium sound system, you too can vibe like you're at your own private concert. Plus with your 64 color personalized lighting option, you can set the mood any way you want. Be it romantic chill, or in a straight up do not disturb mode. Let the Nissan Murano be your oasis in a chaotic world because sometimes the greatest rush isn't rushing at all. Drive the all new Nissan Murano today. Panoramic moon roof, ambient lighting, bows and massaging. Leather appointed seats are optional features.


Top raisins your dog wants you to move to Ohio. Amazing dog parks to stretch your legs. All four of them. Dog friendly patios, even gourmet hot dogs loaded with the good stuff. Bone Appetit and Ohio has so many high paying jobs. You'll be top dog in no time jobs in technology, engineering, science, advanced manufacturing, and more the career you want and a life you'll love. Have it all in the heart of it all. Go to call Ohio home.com.


Toyota is the best resale value brand for 2025 according to Kelley Blue Books kbb.com. That means when you buy a Toyota, you can feel confident that your investment will last. Toyota has dependable vehicles for any lifestyle, including the 2025 Tacoma Tundra and forerunner, the plugin hybrid RAV4, and even the hot news Supra. These five models rank in the top 10 for resale value of all vehicles according to Kelley Blue books kbb.com and have a retained value after five years that is thousands higher than the average vehicle. So after countless carpools road trips and off-road adventures, your Toyota will still have plenty to give both on the road and towards your wallet. Shop. Buy a toyota.com for a great deal on the vehicle that's right for you today and tomorrow. Vehicles projected resale value is specific to the 2025 model year. For more information, visit Kelly Blue book's kbb.com. Kelly Blue Book is a registered trademark of Kelley Blue Book Co Inc. Toyota. Let's go places.


Some people watch tv, but you live for it. You've got theories, memes, hot Takes your Sundays are reserved for new episodes and your favorite podcast on iHeartRadio. And you called that plot twist two seasons ago. So take that obsession to Xfinity's Instagram and TikTok feeds. It's the hub for if you know, you know buzz about your favorite movies and shows with celeb interviews and first looks finally people that love TV as much as you do. Love it back. Give Xfinity a follow on Instagram and TikTok


Emini here. He has no reason not to be happy. You know what I'm saying? Other than the fact that he's locked up. 'cause if the rumors are truth, he's having a Boat. Shut up man. Literally. But stop the middle. Stop Saying What? Okay, well in other news, the Tony Award announcements have come out and people right now are pretty upset. They feel like Othello was snubbed for a Tony Award and yeah, for a 2025 no Tony Award nomination. Now Candy Burs who co-produced with her husband Todd Tucker, she got on Instagram and was and telling Instagram that, you know, she felt the same way. She said she was disappointed even though she's beyond proud.


Every time she watched the CLA cash, she says she's blown away and inspired. Now this directed by Kenny Leon is a revival of the William Shakespeare tragedy, which stars Denzel Washington. And the production on Broadway has made like it's made records, it's making it, it has made 2.8 million in one week of previews, which is the highest weekly gross for a Broadway play. So people feel like, you know, because of all of that and just how good it is, they should have been nominated for a Tony Award and it did not happen. Have anybody y'all seen? Well you No, I Haven't Seen yet. I haven't seen that. I haven't seen it either. When this story came out I was like dang, I wish I had seen it 'cause I could tell you how good it was. But I've heard that it's very, very good.


Okay, But that's it y'all. Alright well that is the latest with Lauren. We got a major announcement, something that I'm doing big. It's back. So you know, it's called show season and we always talk about the different cities we go to. We try to go to different cities each and every year. This year the Drive Your Dreams Car show is coming to the 7 5 7 Hampton Roads area. Norfolk, Virginia. Virginia Beach, port Smith, Newport News Hampton, DMV area, the BBS Boys and myself. DJ NBC. That's old school cars and new school calls or bringing the call show to the Hampton Conventions in the drop a bomb. Now you know how we do it each and every year. Tickets start at just 1999.


So tickets are 1999. If you have small kids, five and under, absolutely positively free. So your kids are free. Don't worry about the kids. And we got games, we got rides, we got amusement stuff, we got all types of things for the kids. Face painting and more junkies. Salute to Monster Energy. They got the bike exhibition. All that is free. Once your kids get in, there's no tickets. You don't need nothing. Once you get in the building it's free. And all types of cars. We're bringing it to the days before we used to go to Miami, right? We used to go to Virginia Beach whether it was 4th of July, whether it was Memorial Day, whether it was Labor Day, we went to Virginia Beach and we're gonna bring that feeling back. Dominicans rolled deep. That's right. Mad Hondas. Mad Hondas. Toyotas. Toyotas Jet Hondas, Nissans and Kids.


That's right. The car show is coming to the 7, 5 7. That is July 19th. Saturday from 12 to five kids, five and under are free. Your favorite celebrity from Virginia will have their car in the show. So I want you to think about what celebrities are from Virginia. We are gathering all of them. Salute to Bubba, Chuck Allen Iversson, salute to Pusha T The clips Pharrell. Timbaland. I'm calling you Trey, I'm calling you Chris, I'm calling you. It will be a movie. So get your tickets right now. Tickets to 1999. Today Kids five and under are free. You guys have been asking about coming back to my second home. The home by the seat of 7, 5 7. So I need the whole 7, 5 7 and DMV to pull up BBS Boys and DJ Envy.


I can't wait to see you again. 12 to five. My whole family will be there. I can't wait to meet your family. I need the Hampton Roads area to pull up on me. July 19th tickets is $20. Yes. 1999. 99. Oh oh my god. $20. So We do, it's 1999. Oh 1990. Okay we do that for the first day so everybody can afford it, you know, 'cause sometimes it's tough out there so they can afford it. And kids five and under are free kids five and under free the whole time. So if you got kids, bring your kids. If they look six and you say they're five, it's cool. Bring your kids. You know what Emini here, we've all been there before. But bring your kids' five and under of free and we gonna have a lot of fun at the 7, 5, 7. You know I went to Hampton University, my wife went to Old Dominion. So we going to have a lot of fun in the 7, 5 7.


So tickets to on sale right now and get your tickets When we come back, we got front page news and then also Donkey of the Day. If you wanna give somebody Donkey, Charlemagne is opening up the phone lines for you so you can give donkey to whoever you want. (800) 585-1051. Call us up right now. Front page news is next is The Breakfast Club. Good morning. Morning everybody. It's DJNV. Just hilarious. Charlamagne the guy. We are The Breakfast Club. Let's get some front page news. What up do what up Detroit? Yes. The Knicks beat Detroit last night. One 16. One 13. Detroit is home early on vacation. Now the clip is beating. The dunk is 1 11, 1 0 5. Day tied to series three, three. All right, so again congratulations to Jalen Brunson and the New York Knicks cap.


What's up our heart? What's up? The whole New York Knicks fan y y'all. Y'all played a hell of a game last night, man. The way y'all came back. Jesus. So I was happening. Did you see the game last night? No I did not. But when I go to Detroit they going to tell me some stuff to come back and tell you. 'cause you on here going crazy, crazy. They tear me up all week And I just had to be quiet 'cause you never know what the Knicks sometimes, right? So I was waiting for the Knicks to win and last night when we blew the the 12 point lead, I said, Ooh, Detroit's gonna be in my ass. So The D was tearing you up. The D was in your ass, huh? Detroit was tearing me up. Yeah, the D was tearing you up. The D was in your ass. You heard anybody say, oh my goodness, this weekend it was going down. Grow up. What's up Morgan? God. Oh my gosh. Hey yah. Hey so let's continue talking.


Due process as it is the theme for front page news today. So the White House will not confirm reports. It has asked El Salvador about the status of Kilmore Abrego Garcia, secretary of State, Marco Rubio has reportedly been in touch with El Salvador about Garcia. But during a recent cabinet meeting, Rubio told reporters he will not comment on it. Let's take a listen to his comments. Well, I would never tell you that. And you know who else I'll never tell a judge because the convict of our foreign policy belongs to the president of the United States and the Executive branch, not some judge. So we will conduct foreign policy appropriately if we need to, but I'll never discuss it and no one will ever make us discuss it if that's how foreign policy Works. So that's of course, in case you missed it or you've been under a rock, Garcia was deported to El Salvador mistakenly.


And what the White House said was an administrative error, but has since said that he's a member of the MS 13 gang. I'm not sure if you guys saw that photo that Trump was holding with his tattoos that seemingly was photoshopped to say MS 13 across his knuckles. Now next week the administration is facing a court order deadline to provide an update on steps that they've taken to return Garcia here back to the United States. They, they need, they need to stop focusing on him as an individual. And what they need to start focusing on is the fact that the constitution is not being respected. They need to be focusing on the fact that everybody is allowed due process. Stop making it about the individual. Make it about the actual issue because that issue can happen to anybody.


Right. And I think that's why they were trying to, you know, nail down what's happening with the individual so that we can make it a blanket or that they, you know, it can up Yeah, But, but when you make it about the individual solution, but when you make it about the individual, then people can say, well he's MS 13 or he was here illegally. And then it makes people dismiss the whole situation. The actual problem is the fact that this man is not being allowed due process under the Constitution. That's right. This comes as a federal judge is blocking the deportations of Venezuelans in South Texas under the Alien Enemies Act now Judge Fernando Rodriguez, who was appointed during Trump's first administration rights that members of the violent Venezuelan Street gang trend dua are not invading the country. And the administration's recent swift deportations, he ruled violate due process rights.


Now the ruling came as part of a lawsuit brought by three Venezuelan men who claim they're not members of the gang. Do we got time for one more? Y'all? I think this is a big one for a lot of people. It's gonna impact a lot of people. Sure. Education. Alright, let's get into it. So the Department of Education will resume collecting defaulted student loan debt this coming Monday. That is Cinco de Mayo. That is May 5th. The department announced collections will begin on May 5th. And borrowers could be referred to debt collectors or have money deducted from their paychecks. Student loan repayment free requirements were paused in March of 2020 due to COVID-19 and that pandemic. Now the Biden administration opted not to resume those collections and attempted to forgive student loan debt in a program that was ultimately struck down by the Supreme Court.


But the Trump administration has indicated it would offer no such concessions to borrowers. And the reason why I say this is because you never know if something like this Department of Education and student loans or whether or not you own you owe on student loans could be impacted in the way where, you know, you might need your due process. So if I could give Donkey of the Day as you're gi allowing people to do so, Charlemagne to God, I would do that to student loans. I would give the student loans the Donkey of the Day He hall. That's Right. You Morgan Charlotte Man is opening up the phone lines too. So if you want to give somebody donkey today, 805 8 5 1 0 5 1. What you say, Charlotte? Yeah, call us right now. That's a damn shame though man. The economy is already in shambles. Tariffs got consumer goods, you know, price is high.


They talking about a recession this summer. And you know the student, they they, they collecting on student loan debts on Monday. They really trying to break people. Yo. Yeah. Like they really driving people to the brink, man. Well, the best I think we could do right now is cheers to the freaking weekend. And that's your front page news. If you Can afford to drink. Right. If you can afford to buy a drink. Right. Oh For real.


But follow me on socials at Morgan Media. That's your front page news. For more news coverage, follow at Black Information Network. Download the free iHeartRadio app and visit us at BIN news.com. Y'all have a good one. Happy weekend Baby. Yes.


How much crack cost nowadays? What? Why you asking on why you look right at me? Yo. Do it look like I be on crack or doing No, no, I'm just saying, I don't know. I don't know. I don't even know anybody cell crack no more. But I just want In Baltimore that I know. Yeah, Right. Remember crack used to be like 20, $20 right? For a rock. I don't remember Our number. Why was you ever buying it and Consuming it? I sold it a little bit. Number man, little petty drug dealer. But I just wonder how much crack cost Now did I really Try tell the truth? No, I did coke once. 'cause it was somebody had put it in a blunt with some wheat. I did it by accident. I wouldn't do it by accident. I wouldn't do it by accident now. But, you know, maybe I Wouldn't do it by accident. Now. My As hell, maybe 10 years ago, maybe 10, 15 years ago, if somebody would've slipped it to me by accident, I might've enjoyed it again.


I might've partaked. Oh Wow. Thanksgiving. You need a vice to coat with what's going on? Oh My goodness. Oh, it's giving that, that was the best high I ever had in my life. I still remember it since day Accidentally. I'm not, I'm not, I'm just telling you I don do not do it. Kids. Okay. Okay. But I'm just telling you that when it accidentally happened to me, it was amazing. Alright. No crack. Crack. Let's move off from Crack


Reliving single, a new podcast from Kim Coles and Erica Alexander. They'll be joining us next. So don't go anywhere. It's The Breakfast Club. Good morning, The Breakfast Club. Morning everybody. It's DJ Envy. Just hilarious. Charlamagne the guy. We are The Breakfast Club. Lauren LA is here as well. We got a special guest in the building, Man. Some legends are in the building. Erica Alexander and Kim Cole. Thank you so much. Thank you. Good morning. I take that every day They have launched the Reliving Single podcast. New episodes come out every Wednesday starting on May 7th on YouTube. Mm, absolutely. What inspired the creation of the Reliving Single podcast?


Well, you know, looking at my Gucci, it's about that time. Why not? It's been 30 years, actually 30 years, two years ago. Actually it's 32 years that we had the anniversary of our show. The problem was, it was during the, the, the strike and no one was allowed to say anything about anything that was on a studio and or network type of thing. So then nothing happened. And for a very long time I was asked about Reboot And I always said Haven, we all been asked, I always said no. Yeah. Always said no, haven't I said why consistently. 'cause I didn't wanna go. I'm very identified with that character, Maxie Shaw attorney at law. And I love her. But perhaps, And I always say this very honestly, if I had a big film career or something that would offset it, that would be nice.


So it wasn't just a matter of me saying no, I would be stepping into something that I didn't think I could shake as easily as Yeah. You know, other people. And so this opportunity came and was approached by Eric Ings at a heartbeat. And he said, do you wanna do this? I said, no, not really. I don't wanna do it. But he kept asking And I thought, well, may it's the 30th anniversary. People really love it. They're doing things all the time. Why not? And it's an opportunity because of you, Charlemagne learned very well with Color Farm and you've giving us our opportunities with finding Tamika and also with the reparations. Big payback. Yep. The big payback that you can go deep in podcasts where you can't do that even in documentary and with episode after episode, we'd be able to talk. And then they approached Kim And I said, yes, I'm, I'm waiting.


I've been doing this all long. And I actually think that, you know, this is, this is shallow. I know. I think we all still look good. Let's doodle Reboot while we Yes. Come On now. Listen, everybody's busy and everybody has their own other thing that they're doing. And so this was an easy way to give the fans and the friends of the show a taste of what they want. For sure. Everyone will come on the show And I can't, I don don't know if I can give away that someone has already come and taped an episode. Smooches. That's Ken. And so it's a chance to go deep. Like you said, we are gonna talk about the behind the scenes and the things and, and actually we've known each other for that. Long revelations have come out. That's true. Like, that's, things have come out like, I didn't know that about you Erica. That's, I know that about this. That's, that was going on behind the scenes. And so the audience will be let in on something very powerful that could not even happen on a reboot.


So you're welcome. So many white shows do it. Scrubs have it with, I can't remember The Brothers, Donald and Yep. And this Is Us. This is Us Boys World. Yeah. The Office, the First black rewatch show. Sopranos. Yeah, yeah, Yeah. They, we Are first probably hosted by the actual cast members that I can think of. I could be wrong, but that I can think of. I feel So, so it feels like the right time and we we're having a good time doing it. Have You guys ever thought about if you did do a reboot where the character's lives would be now? Like what would the storylines be? I have, And I don't know if I'm right, you know, like there was talk on the, on living single, that Sinclair and Overton would have twins and their names would be Sin Cloverton and over Claire. Oh, that's song with that.


We have twins. They're grown up. They're, they're a boy, a girl. They're fabulous. They're, you know, loving. So I, all the things, all that things. Maxine Shaw would be governor. Yes. They, you know, probably ruling, like she is always, has always been, you know, obviously she has to be tied up with tcs, Kyle Barker. Right. And they had a child on half and half. I don't know if that child still exists. I don't know. Emini here, you know, that's a good question. She might be in a, in a bar somewhere. Emini here, sorry. In a, a Mexican jail somewhere doing her damage. You know, maybe she was burnt out by life. Right. Who knows? Emini, here you go. That fast paced, you don't always win. And a lot of lawyers burnout. So I would Love that could be so good because Emini here, even I was about to say even Khadija, what she would have to make changes because there's no such thing as the printed, She would be a media mogul, I suppose.


But here that's the other thing too. I remember, you know, the fans always say, where's a re reboot reboot? And one time I saw somebody say, no, I don't wanna see, see where they've gone. 'cause in my mind they live in a perfect space, in a perfect place. And so anything that we do, there'll be somebody who disagrees with it. Well, why is she in a, in a jail? Why is she, why? You know, whatever it is. Like there, there'll be no, it lives in a perfect space where it is right now. So maybe let It be. Yeah, definitely the jail storyline. I we wouldn't want this, you know, Situation, you know what I'm saying? Meaning she was having too much fun. Yeah. Emini here. But the why, you know, you're saying something very real. No fact meets fiction. That's where we are coming and talking about something that's very fact. You know, Maxine Shaw is a fictional character.


Eric Alexander is a fact. Eric Alexander in 30 years of Living has changed, you know, and we had good days, bad days. We have, you know, ups and downs. And so I'm hoping those characters would have the same things that we had. What moments on set of Living Single helped shaped who you all are off camera, not just as actresses, but as women that had to navigate fame and friendship and career pressure. What moments helped shape who you are off camp? I think we, we got along really well very quickly. I felt the energy from the first table read. And so there was an energy and a respect and a friendship and a sisterhood and a brotherhood that developed so quickly that, that permeated everything else that we did.


Like we would go and hang out together. Erica and TC have the same exact birthday. Wow. The same day. Wow. John Hinton's birthday is two weeks later. So we would go out and like, what do y'all wanna do for your birthday? Salsa dancing, let's go. So we, we became family really quickly. And so I think that that helped infuse the energy on the set. And in our characters. We really were friends and we really are still friends. So, but then we're also, you know, movers and shakers. If you're 23 years old and I'm faking like I'm a lawyer, I'm, I have a high school degree And I think it made me want to level up Emini here in my reading and how I, you know, approach life Emini here. She was a killer. She was a, a real winner.


So I'd like to say that that shaped me a lot. I think it was already there, but I really liked how she was, she had integrity. I don't know. That's a really, really good question. It really is. But I think that a lot of things have happened after the show have been very consistent with what our characters might have done. Well I want y'all to think about that question and unpack it on the Reliving Single Done Podcast. Okay. We gonna think about it. That would be a Charmagne question. And I, John Main has submitted this question Where People call, I was gonna say, Are the fans and the friends of the show can That's true. Send in their questions blue. And so we call it True Blue. Get it tight. Light blue. Yeah. So we'll make sure we, that one, so you heard it here first and then we'll unpack it further.


Thank you. He's giving us homework. I know This is heavy, Heavy Lipton, Erica or Ms. Alexander? What? What do you want me to call her? Erica's. Alright. Okay. Erica, the Great though. Erica Alexander, the You, Erica Alexander, the great period. I was reading this article on MSN and MSNBC's website and there the writer was talking about how you, she discovered she was late. She had discovered Living single for the first time a year ago, and like deep dived and like went and read conversations around it. And she was trying to figure out why you didn't win an Emmy for your performance. Oh, That's Good. And I, and when I read it, I'm like, first of all, late to the party, but welcome. But I thought about it And I was like, Emini here. Like, what's that feeling like for you?


Because Yeah, like it, you said you were how old portraying a character 23. 23 portraying we would've never known. You sold it. You did it like the storylines that y'all dived into, you know what Emini here. Like, did you ever feel like there were things that should have happened for you in that role? For many people, I'm unfortunately in a, in a, in a club that no one wants to belong to. And especially if you think that, and you know, I'll take the compliment and say thank you very much, but I was right alongside people like Cecily Tyson and all these other people would never won anything for the work that they had done. And Cecily Tyson has since gotten an Oscar and she got it before she passed and those types of things. But no, I think blackness, racism, all the disparities, inequities were there.


And especially in the, what is the early nineties, And I say the black or the berry, the sweet of the juice, the tighter the noose. They ain't let you go. Damn. But so far, and that's real. And so I'm very gratified, but it's nothing you can do about it. There's people like Abbott Elementary and all the other people and they've come and doing very well. But, you know, being a dark skin actress and also being funny and maybe not being the ideal of what they thought funny girls looked like. Right. They didn't know what to do with me. And I got offered nothing after I finished that show. Nothing. Absolutely nothing. No. Wow. That's a shame. All right. When we come back, we have more with Erika Alexander and Kim Coles. When we come back, it's The Breakfast Club. Good morning. Morning everybody. It's Envy Jess.


Hilarious. Charlamagne the guy. We are The Breakfast Club. We're still kicking it with Erika Alexander and Kim Coles. Charlamagne, How you working on living single change change your view of black sisterhood and did it shift the way you approached friendships in your, your real life? Not for me because I have incredible female relationships. Incredible. If at my high school we just celebrated our 45th anniversary last week, I would, I couldn't come 'cause I was headed here for, for y'all. And so I've already had You have the excuse you gave him next week, next can't find. Two times got me here now was excuse, I'll see you all of the 50th.


I plan to tighten it up. So I'm real cute by then. But the, the point is I always had really good friendships and, and, and actually it felt normal to me to be around women that I respected that were all different. But I respected and loved. And so I had that And I had that, that strength. So it just felt like that felt like home. I don't know if that's the right answer. What was the question? Did I answer that? I'm just at now You're talking about the family. I'm sorry. The Fri the women friendships. Right. And I was an all girls high school, right. Philadelphia high school for girls. Gotta give shout out. And I wasn't good with girlfriends. They said I always loved boys, I always loved men. I'm a guy's girl. Same. I always have. I grew up in Arizona. I'm a tomboy. I always thought that. Don't love men, by the way. No, no, no. It's not that.


She's just that. It wasn't that I didn't, I'm used to having good Girlfriends. I understand. But for all that I went to an all girls high school. I didn't necessarily think that I practiced much because that was my preference. It kind of still is. I just think that there was a lot of freedom I thought that men had, they took me, took me for, I don't wanna say one of the guys, but once you show, you could stand up with them. I got a lot of truth about who I was next to them. And I thought sometime I was pulling my punches with women. Like, oh, don't say that. You're gonna make her feel like, And I didn't have time for that. Yes, I completely resonate with you. That's how I grew up. The same way I had maybe what three homegirls, but I had like 10, 11. I always went where the guys went.


I'm hanging on the court. That's how I became so quick on my feet with having jokes, throwing them back. They throwing 'em at me. I didn't feel guys didn't get offended when I'm joking with them, you know, girls, they a little bit more, you know, and I'm saying they like, I'm not one. No, no. What you to girl, It was like, you know, you kind of, you know, you like, you feel very protected in that space too. Respect, I feel very protected and respected. They do respect, respect, respect. Look at like respect. Oh yeah. That's how it girl, that's my girl. You know? Yeah. So I I've been like that as well. What I wanted to ask was, do either of you think that friends, the show friends truly owes some of its success to the groundwork laid by living single? A Hundred thousand percent. A hundred thousand percent. Moving on. Next question.


No, No. Here's And I always, this is a little fact that most people don't know is that the president of the network, of their network, NBC at the time had been asked if there was any show that you wish you could have purchased for this, you know, upcoming season. Season. He said, I wish I'd bought Living single. Wow. And then a year later there was friends. And so it absolutely tracks and yeah, great show And I wish them all well, but it absolutely, we influenced them. And it was also tough because, you know, we were both Warner Brothers production, we were on this little ranch lot, you know, off to the side. And they were on the big lot. You know, we have a cafeteria and you have little tri, you know, bicycles. Yeah. You get from here, there, here, there and there.


And, and, and the salary disparate. Huge was huge. Oh, Okay. Very, very different. What acts? The access they had to marketing, the access they had to all the money and all the things was very different than what we had. Yeah. We had craft service table run by this old first beautiful old white dude named Pops. And he's putting things out like rich crackers and pickled eggs and we're like bowl of eggs. He just, no, we, we gonna fart all day. We tried to work, it got better Emini here. It, it did get better. We had to ask for that though. Ask for air Condit conditioning. We to ask for lots of things. All these other things to ask for better trades. Shouldn't have to, I just come from the Cosby show, the biggest show in The World. I wasn't expecting it to have that kind of, you know, leverage. That's right. But you did know when you thought you were being treated less than and they didn't have to because like a lot of productions, if you put very little into black people, we, we give you more black show biz gives you more.


And when they see that the, the investment's not necessarily there. And that's what you really miss out on. Did living Single even did it get pitched to NBC? 'cause it would make so much sense. 'cause like you said, you were on the Cosby Show, the success of the Cosby Show in different world. NBC should have stood for nothing but colors after that. What success? Nothing but colors. I, I wouldn't got nothing but the black show colors NBC And that's not what didn't happen. I actually, the good thing about it, if you, if you watch, if you listen to his show and watch it, Kim has the origin story. Kim is the origin story. Okay. The show was created around Queen Latifah and me. A lot of people don't know that. They called me into a meeting at Warner Brothers and we wanna do a show. And a lot of people don't know this either. The, the, the idea for the show, the impetus was, you remember the movie Jungle Fever?


Yes. There's a scene that they call the the War Council and it's a group of women sitting around talking about men and relationships and you know what they're dealing with. And they said to me, and I'm assuming they said to Latifa too, in a separate meeting, we wanna do a show that's about this. And I said, if the show is about bashing men, I'm not interested. And not that, that scene in Jungle Fever was only about bashing men, but they were handling a particular topic and they were like, oh, okay. 'cause I love men. And so if we can talk about the relationships and, you know, the growth and the, you know, being driven and what do you want? I was like, I'm in. And they were having the same meetings with Latifa. The two of us were put together and then we together agreed that Yvette Lee Bowser should be the one to create the show.


Mm Wow. So to be there at the beginning and to be involved in creating Sinclair and involved in knowing what the relationships were gonna be to start with and then to hear it and watch it unfold was exciting. Yeah. To say the best. And, and you know, privilege And I, and unique privilege too, we gotta give her props because both she and Latifa asked for a black showrunner. There were very few black anything, especially in Hollywood of writers, let alone a showrunner. Yvette Lee Bowser happened to be on different world doing her thing. She was on hanging with Mr. Cooper. She had the background, but they weren't necessarily gonna just give that to her. Right. So you guys asking somebody Black and somebody female. That was a Yeah.


Hey, what up y'all? It's DJ Envy. The first few months of 2025 have been quite a year. Work deadlines, group chats, you can't escape. And your weird cousin's latest overshare. It's a lot. But here's some good news. You don't have to bring that stress into your car. The all new Nissan Murano is your piece on wheels, thanks to its available features. Imagine sliding into the relaxing, massaging seats that feel like they were made to melt your tensions. Take in the skyline views that let sunlight pour in and watch as your day brightens. I have a special playlist that always gets me right. And with the Bows premium sound system, you too can vibe like you're at your own private concert. Plus with your 64 color personalized lighting option, you can set the mood any way you want. Be it romantic chill, or in a straight up do not disturb mode. Let the Nissan Murano be your oasis in a chaotic world because sometimes the greatest rush isn't rushing at all. Drive the all new Nissan Murano today. Panoramic moon roof, ambient lighting, bows and massaging. Leather appointed seats are optional features.


Top reasons data nerds wanna move to Ohio. High paying careers for business researchers, analysts, project managers, and more. So many jobs you can take your pick. What else does the data say? How about a bigger backyard, a shorter commute, and a paycheck that goes further. So crunch the numbers and our world famous pickles. It all adds up the career you want and a life you'll love. Have it all in the heart of it all. Dive into the data@callohiohome.com.


Toyota is the best resale value brand for 2025, according to kelly bluebooks kbb.com. That means when you buy a Toyota, you can feel confident that your investment will last. Toyota has dependable vehicles for any lifestyle, including the 2025 Tacoma Tundra and four Runner, the plugin hybrid RAV4, and even the hot new sra. These five models rank in the top 10 for resale value of all vehicles according to Kelley Blue book's kbb.com and have a retained value after five years that is thousands higher than the average vehicle. So after countless carpools road trips and off-road adventures, your Toyota will still have plenty to give both on the road and towards your wallet. Shop. Buy a toyota.com for a great deal on the vehicle that's right for you today. And tomorrow. Vehicles projected resale value is specific to the 2025 model year. For more information, visit Kelley Blue book's kbb.com. Kelley Blue Book is a registered trademark of Kelley Blue Book Co, Inc. Toyota. Let's go places.


Some people watch tv, but you live for it. You've got theories, memes, hot takes, your Sundays are reserved for new episodes and your favorite podcasts on iHeartRadio. And you called that plot twist two seasons ago. So take that obsession to Xfinity's Instagram and TikTok feeds. It's the hub for if you know, you know, buzz about your favorite movies and shows with celeb interviews and first looks finally people that love TV as much as you do. Love it back. Give Xfinity a follow on Instagram and TikTok.


That was like a right. Yeah. They just, They just gave into that. 'cause during that time, I feel like they gave us Some pushback. Well, they gave list and if you, you know, you get two people that you've created a deal around and we both go, yeah, she's the one. They go, okay, well let's give her a shot. Wow. And also the other piece of it, we both were at the same agency, so our agency helped to, and, and, and Yvette was also at the same agency. It's called a Hollywood Package. Got you. And so was Kim Fields in that agency. And so was John Hinton. The only two people not in that agency were me and tc. Right. So Did you guys talk, because a lot of times now on TV people are like, we should have conversations behind the scenes rally together and then go to the forefront and ask for We went, did y'all, did you and Queenland t for y'all agents get to do that? We did. Okay.


We did. So that list and us, we each met with her separately and we both together said, oh, she's the one, let's go with her. Got you. Thank you. And then, you know, the, the agents do their, do their movements, you know, that, that we do know about and that we don't know about. But yeah, there were, like for example, the name of the show was not originally living single. It was my girls And I tell the story on the podcast of we were like, they wanted to change the name to Living single and we thought it was Horrible. Who says that? Nobody talks that way. I'm, yeah, what's up? I'm living single. It's like they, the words Didn't match. And so I have a memory And I don't, Dana would have to correct me if we got into a little golf cart and went from the plantation lot where we were Took over to the big lot And got invited into the office of the president of the network.


Like, you know, president of the production company. Like you Going to Oz, right? Like, oh, okay, think I bought a water here. Right. Some snack by the way, we know that name is horrible. We would like to protest. And he was like, all right, well thank you for your feedback. All right now. And it was like, oh that's a terrible name. Now it's the best name. Like what? What else would the show be called? He basically patted your, you head and say, oh right now good for you. And I, We got back in the golf cart back over to the other side of the deal, you know? Alright. We have more with Erika Alexander and Kim Coles when we come back. So don't move. It's The Breakfast Club. Good morning. Morning everybody. It's DJ Envy. Just hilarious. Charlamagne the guy. We are The Breakfast Club. We're still kicking it with Erika Alexander and Kim Coles.


Charlamagne. I can't wait to hear the episode with TC Carson. 'cause he's spoken about, you know, being fired from living single after for for their treatment. For their treatment compared to friends. Right. So how did the cast as a whole feel when he got fired? Did, did It was grief. Okay. It was a lot of grief. Did anybody fight For him? Well, I fought for him. We all fought then we go on, come on now. We all Fought for him, but it was done before. Here's what the timing of it is. He was let go just before the, you know, they call the announcements for the shows, the upfronts. We all come to New York. There's a big announcement. We're on stage with Fox and all the other Fox shows. I didn't find out until in the hotel room, you know, the, the day before. Oh, by the way, TC won't be there. He's been let go.


So it's like we're, so, we're talking to Yvette, we're talking to people and going, what's going on? And it was, my understanding is that it was already done. So you fight for him. But I don't know what else I could have done if the decision had already been made other Than I wanted not to come to work. Not fair. I thought that once we got on set that we would talk about it and maybe Just say we were not gonna work. That's like hardcore. But it didn't go down that way. And in fact, two years before I tried to leave myself and got threatened to be sued. So I already already stepped up And I knew where I could, why did you wanna leave? Could girl. I was like, no, ask but you go ahead. I'm Doing an interview now. I wasn't. I, oh lord. See I don't wanna start crying.


I wasn't, I wasn't happy. And the, the thing was, I didn't think that I was being used. Well and it's, it's a longer story to that And I don't want to, it needs more context for Yvette, Bowser's sake because Yvette Bowser had a lot to do with six different characters. Right. And there were lots of things going on. But also, I wanna say something that emotionally, a month before I got that show originally the pilot, my father had passed, I had had a lot of things that I dealing with Mentally. Yeah. Yeah. And we didn't know that Erica, this is one Of the revelations. I'm, I never talked about that mess. But the whole time you were there, you never talked about your father passing away. No. 'cause I don't complain. I don't talk, I do my work. I keep Moving. We knew that her father had passed away at some point 'cause we talked.


But yeah, I don't think I knew that that had happened a month before. And to know that in this is one of the rev revelations that happened on this podcast. It's like therapy. You're welcome. Yeah. I didn't know that. Yeah. And no, but there was a lot of things going on that, you know, you want to, you, you think you want to talk about differently maybe with your character. And maybe the reception wasn't where I thought it was, but I, I just said I gotta go. 'cause I'm like, I'd been in theater and been doing other things And I said I can go back to New York. I don't need this. And it didn't work out the way I got, I got threatened to be sued and all that. Which is, which is another reason you probably didn't tell everybody what you was actually dealing with because they'll do stuff like that. I we'll sue you, we'll fight. Exactly. And I, I didn't have the most powerful agent.


I didn't have that. I'd always gone on sets alone. Right. You know, so I was there alone in that, just trying to think it through. And I thought at the very least I could just go back to what I was doing. Now, back to tc. 'cause that's what I think that he didn't have that we were, didn't have the armor and we also were darker. And I have to say, there's something to that feeling like you are, you're unprotected. Yeah. And when you get back and there is no plan and you don't necessarily, you know, friends had gotten together and they all got together to talk about their salary. They, they stopped going in and they got their salaries corrected tremendously. It wasn't that feeling. Although we were all rebels and very supportive in our own way. I don't think we knew what to do.


And it hurts my heart. 'cause TC deserved more support and there was nothing I could do. And I even said, look, fire me. I'm the one who would like to, to go. And it wasn't, it wasn't something that could happen. It was wrong to do. Mm. It was wrong to do that to him. Was he mad at y'all because he's, he spoke up for the treatment that, you know, the unfair treatment that y'all was receiving and you know, you would think that would be a collective thing. Like, you know, oh, none of y'all, y'all gonna got my Back. So if this is happening behind the scenes, and if you don't know, oh no. Okay. We know that we were getting not getting the right treatment. It's not like we were brought into the meeting. By the way, we're gonna let TC go. It's not like I didn't know that Latifa didn't know that. We didn't know that in advance. I didn't. It was unexpected. And you wait until we arrive in New York to go, by the way, TC won't be there because of this.


Dana And I get on the phone and go, what the hell's going on? We get on the phone with Yvette and Yvette is like, that's it. That's it. I didn't know there was something else that I could do in order to, to bring him back. If it's been, if, if you're being told that it's done, that's it. Deal with it. And we don't go to work. But that's 'cause we were young. Of course there's something we could have done if we all band together and said we're not going in. We could have, we could have made something happen that was not a thing. We could have called the naacp. We could have done these things. But these are things that we didn't think about. Yeah. You know, you didn't know how much leverage you'd have after that. I'm telling you that. I know I fought, I know I sat down with Yvette. I know I had these conversations And I don't think he knew that. And it took years. And we had a conversation where he said, why didn't y'all stick up for me?


I said, that's not true. That's Not true at All. That's not true at all. And I hate that you went all these years thinking that didn't happen. Yeah. But it's also his story to tell. Yeah. And there's some parts and pieces that he thinks go, went a certain way. And there's certainly, I feel very much my outspokenness might have put him in a position too. He thinks his outspokenness. But I was very outspoken. I was writing letters to the network and doing cos and walking out, you know, And I don't think that that was necessarily always taken well by people who wanted to control you. And the, they broke apart the two people. Mm. Me and him. You think That's, and there's also, there's another story to tell. You know's our story. There's his story and then there's the story on their side.


And maybe this is a conversation that I don't know if Yvette has ever talked about it publicly. I don't know if Warner Brothers ever would or if they're ever cared to. So it's, I feel like, well all those people Are gone now from Warner Brothers that we knew. But we, we are bearing the burden of why didn't we do something different and not, not getting a chance to get a a a another view from what was, what was happening from Yeah. Because they were saying it was a money issue. It's not a money issue. Well that's what, that's what we're told weren't being paid enough for it to be a money issue. It wasn't a budgetary issue. It wasn't because we bought on a new cast member and we bought on the Dallas. So that's not true. I don't know what's true. All I know is that he was gone. It was right. And let's go on record to say he's a magnificent actor, always on time, always knew his lines. It did not make sense. And there you, you're living in a world that doesn't always make sense and certainly is not fair.


If y'all Had Instagram, would you have gone live and just aired out the whole cast? And I, We Had, we had nothing back then. We had nothing back then. I've of course we would've. Of course I would've. I'm telling you, I would've don't do that. I did that, I did that the other week, couple weeks ago. Oh, don't do that. I just did that Alexander. Agree. Come on. Ate. Yes. And people, And I didn't think that my badge was gonna work the next day. 'cause I Tap chop And I came here speaking everybody ain nobody speak back. And I, I knew why. That's a lie. Whatever. No, you know, you didn't, you say it, gimme a hug because he knew the fight.


Laughing and joke. I was so mad. Like what they laughing about Elevator on me and he called me whack. It was a lot going on. It's girl. This was just not a conversation you could have had privately with them to fix with me to we conversation before and after that. So yeah. I wasn't wrong. It was wrong the way I did it. Did the negotiation work for you? Did that period tactic work for you? That's what here we are. Family. Family we're here And I had in court makes family. It's conflict. Yes. We don't go through this life with everything per collaboration, conflict and, you know, confusion. Yeah. Leads to confession. We got that period.


I don conversion. They gotta go do Sherry Lauren. The compassion. Oh man. You get some compassion. Know you Gotta answer this, but I hope y'all gonna get into the, the beauty center and the weight loss stuff that Queen Latifah talked about that they threw on you guys. Oh, make sure y'all getting sat in the podcast Please. I would love to hear the conversation. Absolutely. And they said they gonna have me on there. Absolutely. Please. Oh, Please. She said have me too or she gonna go back live again. Let's do it. Let do Welcome. Thank you. That would be our legend. Thank you. The legends. Erika Alexander and Kim Coles. Make sure you check out the Reliving single podcast. New episodes every Wednesday. Starting this Wednesday, May 7th on YouTube. And yes, I am gonna talk to Erica about getting the audio on the black effect.


Goddammit. Yes. Yes. Do we have to protest me? Don't to the man The Breakfast Club. Morning everybody. It's DEJ Envy. Jess. Hilarious. Charlemagne the guy. We are The Breakfast Club. I need a good stretching man. And SLU Kim Coles and Eric Alexander for pulling up. What they they got a new podcast. We reliving single Love it. That premiers on May 7th. That's right. Happy birthday to the Rock. He me. No, he not Mexican. No, he not. Look at her. Samoan. He Hawaiian. Hawaiian. Yeah, yeah, yeah. Hawaiian. Alright, Let's get to the latest with Lauren. Lauren becoming a street fat. She gets him from somebody that knows somebody. She gets the details. I'm the home girl that knows a little bit about Everything.


She be having the latest on The latest with Lauren la Sometimes she have facts, sometimes she have details, sometimes she have a little bit of everything. What Was the latest On The Breakfast Club? Talk, talk to Me. No, he is the mo Is the, okay. All y'all, so Indiana PE to star. Tyree Haller and his father was suspended indefinitely or for the foreseeable future after getting into the altercation with Giannis, say the last name for me. Emby. I'm not saying why, why were, why were you attempt to say his last Name? I don his last name looked like something you see on the eye chart at the, at The eye chart.


Yo. And it's crazy because I wrote it out like so I could get it and Just say, Giannis, they know who You're talking about. Yes. With Giannis. So this was a decision that was made by the Pacer's front office reportedly. So the decision was that he will not be able to attend the team's home games or role games for the foreseeable future. And this came from a Pacer's spokesperson. They told ESPN this now y'all, I'm sure you guys saw the, all the videos that went viral of Tyrese's dad coming onto the court. Now Tyrese's dad actually spoke out and explained what happened and what the, the verbal back and forth was between him and Giannis. Let's take a listen to that. When I turned, it might have seemed like I was looking at him, but I really wasn't. I was looking through him. Right. That's how I was in the moment.


I know it looked like we were looking like I was staring him down, you know? But it wasn't like that. Right. It was in the moment as if I was looking right through him. And yes, I had the banner in my hands going And I was yelling, yay. Giannis never said anything to me. I never said anything to Giannis. Right. There was no, no back and forth. He grabbed my hands, he put his forehead on my forehead and he said, don't disrespect me, don't effing disrespect me. And I said to him, I was not trying to disrespect you, which I wasn't. I'm telling you, I I, I did not do that on purpose. I I really did not. And then I said to him, I love you.


He said back to me, I love you. We patted chest. He gave us a thumbs up and he walked away. I don't think he did it on purpose either, but, you know, emotions were high. And that's exactly why they say don't make decisions off emotions because he made a choice off emotions. And that choice has a consequence. And now he can't watch his son play. But a foreseeable Future. I was confused by the whole situation and, and shout to Shaq, Shaquille O'Neal. I spoke to him a day ago And I was asking him about it and he was like, he was like, well most people don't understand is family and friends after the game are allowed to go on the court. That's why he was actually on the court. 'cause you're allowed to go on the court when your family, and also I asked him, was it bad? And he was like, nah, it's part of the game. He was like, he was, you know, at, at some games and they were yelling Gorilla, Ooh ooh, ooh, ooh.


Ah. And he was like, it, it never affected him because it was just part of the game. So he felt like it wasn't that big of a deal. He said family members and, and, and friends and yell at you all the time. He didn't think it was that big of a deal. Well Shaq talked about that on inside the NBA. We had that clip as well. People were pissed at Shaqs. Take, let's take a listen. He probably know who he dad is. Stop it. Yona said something. No, because he's on the court of his face. For what? Every on the court. You can't do that. Yeah you can. No, you cannot do that. Yo. Something. He's an idiot. If you think that's why you are an idiot too. GNI says something. No, that dad is an idiot. And if, if you think he an idiot, you an idiot too. I will say that his dad is always on the court. I'll say this, his dad's always on the court. He shouldn't be on the court. Johnny has said something to him.


He didn't say no, he did not. No, that's not true. He wouldn't, he couldn't have said anything. He walking in the line behind. He said, what do you mean walking in line behind the son walking? He shouldn't be on the court. He didn't play in the game. Always on the court. He know he shouldn't be. Yeah. People were pissed off at Shaq's take though. And for how he, even how he told you that he felt, because they felt like if you watch that second angle where he runs, where Tyrese's dad runs out with the, the, the tower, whatever that is. And he, he's the exchange people are like, that was taunting him and you shouldn't have done that. Even if it's just an excitement and you shouldn't have been able to do that. So that's an interesting debate that they're having because all of them are players, right? They've been players, Kenny Smith, Charles Barkley and Shae O'Neal. So Shaq's saying you can do that, but Charles and Kenny are saying you can't, I don't know what's true.


Right. But I know I'm gonna listen to them before I come to my own Conclusion. I think Sha thing is, is he's been through a lot worse on the court. So he was like, that's light work. He goes back and forth with people all day long. So that was his take on it when I spoke to him. But that's a conversation right now though. And I'm not, I don't watch sports, but when I hear people talk about it, they talk about how the game is a lot different than it was like as far they protect the players physically and just what you can say at them from the sidelines and all of that. Way different than when Shaq was playing players Be whiling on people and they should 'cause people be whiling on the players. So listen, You went to Shaq house, was it just there with the white women? You know, you know what's so funny? I went to Shaq house, right? And Shaq was like, just tell about the white woman. I'm like, yeah. He goes crazy. Jennifer, Amanda, Becky come out And I'm looking, I'm looking like, I'm just joking. I'm like, it was white women dancing. Why would you go to that man's house knowing that he got random white women just walking around?


Wasn't your Wife with you, man? Thank you Lauren. Oh, She was with you? Yes. Did show podcast. I'm just making Sure I Too long, long to think I was gonna let I I was letting him go. I was letting him go. Y was in the basement. Yes. Wasn't there like a little dungeon, like the Kelly dungeon that they described on the documentary? God damn. Yes. It was, it was, it Was like a bunch of wood and it was like the bears And stuff. And the brick brick. And you in that dungeon too scared to go to the bathroom. I was not in that day yet. Kelly flew out. I was not. Kelly flew him out. He did fly me out, but I was not in all Kelly's dungeon. He believe you all like how bad was you doing? Why he had to fly you out happened? No, that's not the question. How bad was you in the nineties? You must have been a little bad bitch. Yeah. To get flown out to Chicago. Ain I was hosting sitting and he left me in a hotel.


Yeah, he never got. And you stayed there with your grown ass. You stayed there waiting on all camera all day. The whole time. You wonder why he be just be running around here humming ignition every now and then for no reason. Yo, stop it. I thought you just like Song. What in The Ry are you talking? Whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa. Yo Envy. That's crazy for this conversation to be happening. You sitting over there in that pink, This is salmon. And look, now his face matches. You were really grown. I never thought about that. Why did he just Pay for fucking leave? I did leave the next day. Next day he did. Next day he stayed and waited like a good location. I Was trying to host a mix tape with all Kelly. All Kelly, the biggest RB at the time, All Kelly said, sit.


That nigga sat. He didn't move. It was not rat. Okay. Wa your tail Wa your You asked the right questions. I never thought why he didn't just leave. He didn't want to. Kelly's the biggest RB artist didn't want, you know, he was trying to bet his career. You know what? That's the latest with Lauren. Thank You. Why you didn't do the doc. Your Mommy and dad let you go By yourself. You On? I didn't survive. Okay. I wasn't, my God. He didn't even survive. Do it again. Again. He didn't survive. What do we do donkey today? Man, come on man. Charlamagne's not giving the donkey. He's letting you open up the yes.


Letting you up. The the donkey today belongs to you, the people. Okay, so whoever y'all want to call up and give donkey today, feel free. The floor is yours. 1 805 8 5 1 0 5 1. It's The Breakfast Club. Come on, wake up. Wake up. You're locked into The Breakfast Club. It's your time to nominate a donkey of your own. Remember how That is? How they choose? Call in now. (800) 585-1051. Yes donkey. Today for Friday May 2nd belongs to you, to people. Okay? Yes. Last Friday we did this, had people call in and give people donkeys. And I enjoyed it. So it's simple. If you want to give someone donkey today, the floor is yours.


1 805 8 5 1 0 5 1. Reach out and touch us right now. Whoever you want to give the credit they deserve for being stupid, you can do that. Let's go to the first caller. Ola. Good morning. Who's this? Ola. What's up brother? Who's this? Good morning. What's happening? Good morning. This is Omar calling from, well, I'm from Harlem. I'm outta Atlanta right now though, man. But I want to get Don here today. To Who? The dude named Juan Gonzalez. I was battling with online man. I went to go see the movie centers, right? Yeah. Oh, excellent movie man. Y'all gotta go check that Out. We've seen it. I'm reading the comments just to get a little bit, you know, how people feel with it and stuff. And apparently it seeing that the Mexicans is mad.


Why? Why? Just people mad. No, why? Why they mad? Nah, they they mad because they not getting represented in in in in the movie. They wasn't in the movie. It wasn't Mexican. Nah, Emini here it's 1930s, Mississippi C Asians were represented. Black people, white people, Irish people. Exactly. And that was, and that was my take on it. I'm like, yo, bro, y'all was still in Mexico. Y'all didn't wanna come down there to Mississippi in 1932. They were still rich in enough. I don't, I I I don't. Okay, well thank So you wanted to give, what's his name? Juan Gonzalez. Juan Gonzales. Man give Juan went online. Man. Give Juan Gonzalez the biggest. He haul, by the way. One movie can't represent everybody.


Everything. Yeah. And now how he call up here defending the Mexicans, but just gave one donkey today. Hello? Who's this? Hello. This is d I'm gonna get a donkey today to my son because he act like he had to get it out the mud and he been spoonfed his whole life. What? Never. What's your son name? He seen mud. What's your son name? Ooh. Huh? Brendan. Brendan. I'm gonna put it out there. She Said, she said Brendan never even seen mud. Well he, you want wrap or something or something. He's Never seen it. So he want a little taste of it. I don't know. I don't know why though. I got, I worked too hard. I just got off one job about to go to another, take the kids to school. Like he ain't seen much.


He don't even like to play with it in it when he was little. He Don't like to play with think because so many people like to celebrate struggle, especially the rappers. And they make the, they make the struggle look so fly. Yeah. And you gotta go through the struggle to get the way you need to be. But that's not the case. It's Not. And actually he did not even have to worry about a struggle and just have that little golden, you know, ease on down the road. But I'm confused. Well, we gotta teach our kids about legacy. That's right. And we gotta teach our kids about generational, generational blessings and how it's fly, you know, to come from a legacy of people who've, you know, established themselves in passing it on. That's right. Right. I agree. All righty now and thank you. Good morning. Who's this? Hey, this Is Jay.


Jay who you wanna give Donkey today to Jay? Yeah. I want to give Donkey today to us, the black community. Okay. I'm, And the reason why for the last couple days, the last couple weeks or so, I've been seeing a lot of people asking about the movie filming. You know the ones who ain't seen yet. But every time you got somebody that, that wants to find out about the movie, you got one of us posting a link to the movie on the, on social media. Like, yo, we ain't even gotta go check it out. This is gonna watch it at home. Man, that makes me so mad when I see a movie like this that we rarely get. And this is half the reason why because we love we making the hell out of our own. All our own stuff. I don know man. I just felt like we need donkey today for how we, how we do our own people sometimes.


I agree with that. We have to preserve our art and Emini here. If you know that somebody's trying to make some money off something, why would you take it and leak it to people? That's especially stuff that Ms. Good the way they been promoting this movie, the way they did this movie. I done seen it twice. I done went on toothpaste to see this movie. And it gets better each time you go. So listen, you I don't have to watch it at home. It don't, it don't, it ain't going be, you don't get that experience at home and you don't get to support them the way that you supposed to at home. Wait a minute. Now did you go to see centers with two different women? I did. So you blaming the movie centers on the fact that you were play a player. So so you trying to say how you, you wanted No, no, this, that, that part didn't have nothing to do with me. Right. I know I seen it.


I supported it twice. Tell him he focusing on the wrong thing. Hey, I ain't gonna lie. They got some, he On the wrong thing. I seen it twice. Hey they got some And I support. That's all you gotta worry about. My money has been spent twice. I ain't gonna front door. They got some fly ass lines in centers. I don't wanna get a movie away. Yeah, do. But boy they got some movie, some lines that'll make you horny, right? Yeah, Yeah. Hey look, I'm telling you after the movie, you can't go wrong with that movie. It's, it's a great night after the movie because she's ready. You ready? Look, all I'm saying is you gotta go to 40. Why not? Why would you do yourself that dish All And I not going to see such a great movie. I agree with you. Would You go see it for a third time With another girl? I plan on it. He got plans he already planned.


Yep. Yep. The, You said what is Going to the single Man is a pigs pork. Yeah. If you listening, I want go see her for a third time And look, she already saw it twice too. So you'll be her. Oh, so you She she three times. She been three times with three different guys. That's not So it ain't no problem then Ain't no problem. She you need to go see your third time. They can't hear you Lauren, you across the goddamn room, right? Like might Not. I've been three times already. So you go do your third time then I might catch you on the fourth time. But you gotta see where you at in life. Okay. Wow. That's fun because I will go see you the four times. So I, if we go see the four time, I definitely wanna see what you going Hey, That's what's up.


That's why the movie called Sin right there You Bunch of Heathens period. Yeah. All of y'all going to hell. Even the ones Boo. And Look it, it's the it's the movie for us. That's what I'm saying. You gotta go support. I agree with you. I agree with you. I agree with you. Appreciate you brother. Yes man that was the people's donkey. We do that on. Well I'm not gonna say we do that on Fridays. We did it last Friday and I'm doing it again this Friday. May do it again next Friday. Say that was great. Say You tied, You wanna come in next Friday Depending how I feel. May do it again next Friday. Okay. Right. But Governor West Moore, justice cousin Ian and the governor of Maryland will be joining us next. Alright. Yes. We Get to that next, it don't go anywhere as The Breakfast Club. Good morning, The Breakfast Club Morning everybody.


It's DJ Envy, Jess, Hilarious. Charlamagne the guy. We are The Breakfast Club. Long Lar Rose is here as well. We got a special guest in the Building. A 2028 presidential candidate and the governor of Maryland. We Moore is here. How are you my brother? To Be back man, it's To be back. Good to have you back, man. How you feeling first of all? I'm Feeling great. Okay. I'm feeling great man. Listen and you know, contrary to everything else going on in the country, Maryland's doing great. Yes. We continue pushing Emini here and honestly like getting really big wins for our people. And so we're, we're excited man. I, I wanted to talk to you about all of that because you know, I know that you're implementing a lot of great things in Maryland And I wonder what could be replicated on a national level.


Yeah. To protect us from a lot of things that this administration is doing that hurt working class people. Especially. Well Here's the thing, Emini here, I think right now we're seeing, you know, people you keep on talking about what's the power of the president and the power of the presidency. I think people would all see right now what's the power of governors? You know what I'm saying? What's the power of states? We have a whole lot more authority than people sometimes give us credit for, but frankly a whole lot more power and authority than think a lot of governors understanding can take on. So for example, you know, Maryland has more exposure to these federal cuts, the federal public service cuts that the Trump administration has just arbitrarily and in many cases by the way, illegally doing. Mm. And so what Maryland has done, we've come up with the most aggressive plan to be able to say how are we gonna streamline and support our federal workers, create advanced supports for them, but also making sure that we can streamline them into available state jobs that we need.


So for example, there are tens of thousands of vacancies when it comes to credentialed educators inside of the state of Maryland. We have thousands of of people in, in healthcare nurses, et cetera, that we have as vacancies in the state of Maryland. So I'm like survive. People who are qualified and who are interested, we are going to streamline them, get them trained up, credentialed, and get them inside of the classrooms. Get them inside of our healthcare facilities. 'cause you're solving two problems, right? You're solving a fact that we have a shortage of people in education, healthcare, and at the same time creating jobs. You're creating jobs. Yeah. Right. So,


Hey, What up y'all? It's DEJ Envy. The first few months of 2025 have been quite a year. Work deadlines, group chats you can't escape. And your weird cousin's latest overshare. It's a lot. But here's some good news. You don't have to bring that stress into your car. The all new Nissan Murano is your piece on wheels thanks to its available features. Imagine sliding into the relaxing, massaging seats that feel like they were made to melt your tensions. Take the skyline views that, let sunlight pour in and watch as your day brightens. I have a special playlist that always gets me right. And with the Bows premium sound system, you too can vibe like you're at your own private concert. Plus with your 64 color personalized lighting option, you can set the mood any way you want. Be it romantic chill, or in a straight up do not disturb mode. Let the Nissan Murano be your oasis in a chaotic world because sometimes the greatest rush isn't rushing at all. Drive the all new Nissan Murano today. Panoramic moonroof, ambient lighting, bows and massaging. Leather appointed seats are optional features.


Top reasons technology pros wanna move to Ohio. A thriving tech industry with high paying jobs for programmers, developers, database architects and more. Ohio is the silicon heartland with the top tech brands and thousands of startups too. Shorter commute times mean more time for you. And since your dollar goes further in Ohio, it's like a cheat code for success. The tech career you want and a life you'll love. Have it all in the heart of it all. Learn more@callohiohome.com.


Toyota is the best resale value brand for 2025 according to Kelley Blue Book's kbb.com. That means when you buy a Toyota, you can feel confident that your investment will last. Toyota has dependable vehicles for any lifestyle, including the 2025 Tacoma Tundra. And for runner, the plugin hybrid RAV4 and even the hot news sra, these five models rank in the top 10 for resale value of all vehicles according to Kelley Blue books kbb.com and have a retained value after five years that is thousands higher than the average vehicle. So after countless carpools road trips and off-road adventures, your Toyota will still have plenty to give both on the road and towards your wallet. Shop. Buy a toyota.com for a great deal on the vehicle that's right for you today and tomorrow. Vehicles projected resale value is specific to the 2025 model year. For more information, visit Kelley Blue book's kbb.com. Kelley Blue Book is a registered trademark of Kelley Blue Book Co Inc. Toyota. Let's go places.


Some people watch tv, but you live for it. You've got theories, memes, hot takes, your Sundays are reserved for new episodes and your favorite podcasts on iHeartRadio. And you called that plot twist two seasons ago. So take that obsession to Xfinity's Instagram and TikTok feeds. It's the hub for if you know, you know, buzz about your favorite movies and shows with celeb interviews and first looks finally people that love TV as much as you do. Love it back. Give Xfinity a follow on Instagram and TikTok.


I look at how Marilyn has moved now in just these first months where Marilyn now is going on really the 14th straight month of amongst the lowest unemployment rates in the entire country. Maryland has now has an unemployment rate of 3%, which is below, well below the national average, despite the fact that we've had more federal cuts because the Trump administration than most other states. And so I'm just like, as, as governors, you can be creative about making sure that you can get your economy moving, you can be creative about how you're getting new businesses on board, about how you're supporting your small businesses, how you're supporting your minority owned businesses. And you don't have, like, I don't wait for permission from the federal government to do anything. And that's the thing. I think that's the kind of posture that, that you're watching Governors now able to move in this moment.


What are your, what Are your thoughts on Trump not wanting to bring home Kmar Garcia? 'cause he was living in Maryland. That was the guy that was wrong thing. Deported. And, and, and here's the thing for me, this actually has nothing to do with immigration. Hmm. Because people talk about this as an, you know, I love what he's doing, right. In immigration. I said, well first of all, if Donald Trump really wanted to fix immigration, he could do it simply by calling up Speaker Johnson and saying, I need a comprehensive immigration bill on my desk next week. And you know, we'll be on his desk next week, a comprehensive immigration bill because Donald Trump is the votes. He's got the house and he's got the Senate. This has nothing to do with immigration. This just simply has to do with violating the Constitution. That's what this is. And so when I think about the case of of of, of Kmar Abrego Garcia, my point is this due process matters in this.


He needs to come home. Yeah. He needs to stand trial and then let a judge decide what his long-term, you know, a situation is gonna be not Donald Trump. If, if they say, well he was doing X, Y, and Z. Okay, fine, let him come home, let him stand trial and let him do what basic due process offers to every single person. And if all of that determined is true, then absolutely he should then face consequences and face a sentencing. But not because Donald Trump looked at a Photoshop picture and said, this is gonna be his fate. Yeah. Because that is a very, very dangerous slippery slope. And so my whole thing is this, just follow the constitution, follow due process and follow what the Supreme Court in a nine zero decision said that he needs to come home and stand trial.


I just, I I stand with the law on this And I stand with the Constitution. Correct me on some things. Right. Because they, Mr. Garcia has acknowledged that he entered the US illegally Correct. In 2012. That's so, that's right. Was he, he was here illegally. That's, he was undocumented. That's right. So if he's undocumented, does the constitution still apply to him? Yes. Okay. There, there's still constitutional protections. Okay. And especially because what he is being held for or tried for right now are things that he has not, not only not been convicted for, not even had a formal accusation of, so this is the problem is that, so Donald Trump right now is trying to rewrite the constitution. Donald Trump right now is violating the Constitution by not allowing him to come home and have due process. So yes. So the constitution still offers, you know, still offers what is the guidance around the federal government's responsibility, around state's responsibility.


And that still does fall under the situation of of, of Kmar or Brio Garcia. I think that's what's missing in this whole conversation. The fact that, you know, like Martin Luther Kings Jr. Said Injustice anywhere is a threat to justice. That's right. Everywhere. That's right. So if you see somebody not receiving due process when they're supposed to, that could impact any of us at any given time. And none of us wanna just be snatched off the street and deported to another country just because, and, And, and listen, the, here's the danger. Today, it's Kmar or Burgo Garcia. Who's it tomorrow? Lauren Osa. Oh my gosh. Me. This is your last name. I ain't gonna worst. No, I'm just saying tattoo. It couldn't be is what we're, I'm using an example because You know, Trump tried to get him and you can't tell them that you're from Delaware. 'cause they'll be like, oh, please. Yeah, he don't, right. Nobody's gonna even respect that. Why would y'all put me in it?


No, but we're just using it as an example to say it could be anybody. Didn't say Charlamagne the guy. No, But it could be anybody because You know, he coming for you. Why come For me, Me? How you no coming for you. You know, for real, me already. Did you watch the, the interview that when Trump sat done with Terry Marin? I, I, I didn't watch the whole thing. Okay. But did you see the part, I said the tattoo thing, because they were going back and forth about the tattoos or whatever, when you see stuff like that. Because then media picks it up the other way and, and uses these tattoos that trump that there's evidence that doesn't support what Trump is saying, but they use it as a Well, he deserved what he got. And how do, how do you guys in the government then fight that? 'cause the public opinion sways so much. I, I, I didn't see the whole interview. I, I did see clips of it And I saw that part.


And what's really sad to me is it isn't just the fact that we have a president of the United States who is literally buying into conspiracy theories and Photoshop pictures in front of our eyes. What really also bothers me about it is it's the people around it who enable. This is the people around him who tell them this is true. The people around him who feed him these pictures and say, yes, Mr. President, you know, he had MS 13 on his knuckles when he didn't. In many ways, this has nothing to actually, to do with Kilmore, Bri, or Garcia. This has nothing even to do with his situation. This just simply has to do with are we willing to follow the law? Hmm. Are we a country of laws or are we now a country where a president of the United States gets to pick and choose which laws we follow and which laws we don't? Are we a country that actually follows the Constitution?


Are we a country that listens when the Supreme Court in a unanimous decision? And let me be clear, this Supreme Court hardly ever decides anything unanimous is Trump's court. Exactly. Let, this is Trump's court. He put three people on it. Nine zero. The man needs to come home and stay in trial. And we have a, we have an administration right now that's literally using the constitution as a suggestion box. You know what I'm saying? So, So, so that's fundamentally the problem. And, and, and what we continue to, you know, deal with and the fact that the, the re the, the relationship between the federal government and our states really has been ruptured. All right? We have more with the Governor of Marilyn Westmore when we come back, it's The Breakfast Club.


Good morning. Morning everybody. It's DJ nv Jess, Hilarious. Charlamagne the guy. We are The Breakfast Club. Lauren LaRosa is here as well. We're still kicking it with the governor of Marilyn Westmore Charlamagne. I love the fact that governors have their boots on the ground. And I saw Governor Josh Shapiro on Bill Maher, and I forgot what Bill asked him, but he was just like, look, I'm not focused on what they got going on in dc I'm focused on what I got going on in Pennsylvania. So I like that. How do we keep you from being a, a corny DC type? He will never DC Come on DC corny, new DC guy is so corny, man. Listen, you know how, I guess is I didn't come from that. When I first ran for governor, I ran against statewide elected officials.


I ran against cabinet secretaries, the former head of the DNC, the former head of the Democratic Party ran for governor. And then me, the guy who'd never run for office for my life. But I was connected to the people, right? It was the people that made me the governor. It wasn't a party, it wasn't a political establishment. In fact, the political establishment wanted somebody else. So when I got into that seat, I decided I'm not going to turn into something that I never was in the first place. You know what, Emini here. So the way I have continued to lead is I'm about the people. I will always stand with the people. A political party does not gimme my talking points. Good. Don't let them change you. 'cause you know, they already talking about you with 2028, and they'll be like, Wes, come over here, start saying this and start doing that and meet this person and take money from this person.


And then, you know what? Emini here. Like, I don't, I don't, I don't play that game because I didn't get here. That's not how I got here in the first place, man. Word. I am the most improbable governor in this country when you think about my journey, right? When you think about my life path and, you know, and, and, and again, I'm a person of faith and, and Hezeki Walker, you know, he's got a line where he says, when I think about my story, I can't help but give God glory. There you go. I know where my strength comes from. My strength doesn't come from a political party. My strength don't come from political bosses. I don't follow that. I follow the people that got me here in the first place. The people who bucked the political system, which was the people. And so, I, I'm not at all concerned about becoming a, a, a creature of something that didn't create me in the first place.


And actually, I think that the main thing that people can do right now is stay true and stay committed and stay authentic. You know, when people say, well, what direction should people go in? Or how should people talk? Or whatever like that. I, I always find that question so confusing. I'm like, be authentic. Because if you're not authentic, the people will suss it out and the people will snuff it out and they'll take care of you the way they take care of you. This is something that I love about you. It's something that Dr. Omar Johnson loves about you. The fact that you have a black woman, because so many people in positions of power like you and government, especially black people, they don't now. Love is love, love who you wanna love. But absolutely as a man who loves to see black men with black women, And I love having beautiful black families.


I love it. What is the importance of that? You know, it's funny, when, when I got married, we've married now about 18 years. My wife, she's beautiful man. And she's just an amazing human being. I remember when we said our, our vows, this shows you how corny I was when we first got married. We give our vows and I'm like, you know, my vows, I'm gonna keep it fresh and sexy. Jesus Christ. That's what you said, My vow. I'm gonna keep fresh And sexy. All you had to do two step Sound like a Tuesday party that sounded like someone fly party. Jess was not that last. Where fly in a party come to fresh and sexy Friday. Yes. Fresh and sexy Friday in Baltimore. But you know what her v was to me? She said, I will be your greatest defender.


Oh. Mm. Wow. That's what black women offer us though. And, and that's what they've always been like. I'm telling you, man, when you think about what black women have meant to us, you know, the whole, you know, we was raised by women, got a game for women. You know what I'm saying? Like black women have always been our anchor. Black women have always been our guide. Black women have always been the ones to when the whole world denied us, they defended us. That's right. And they lifted us up. And you know, And I think about this where even the work that we're doing right now in Maryland around our young men and boys, do you know who beautifully have been some of the greatest champions of the work that Marilyn is doing, that really the nation leading work on supporting our young men and boys.


Women because they know that's talking about their sons and their husbands and their fathers and their uncles and their friends. And it's so beautiful to watch because it is very indicative of how black women and women as a whole have always been our greatest defenders. That when the whole world came at us, oftentimes it was women who stood in front of us with shields and say, not today. And I cannot be more lucky about the fact that I've married my best friend. I marry someone who I love and who I respect and who I adore. And someone who I'm so thankful is on my side. 'cause I never wanna be on the other side of her spear ever.


But someone who I, who I'll ride for. 'cause she's always ro me. She ever had to slap at you for something. Oh my god, Darling. A beautiful, She's the first African American first lady of the state. She is. She sure is. She sure is. She's a beast too. She's a beast. Yeah. Y'all gotta come down. Y'all gotta come. In fact, y'all Got, you gonna have crabs if we come? Oh, absolutely. Okay, I'll come. Absolutely. And in fact, she is the co-chair of the Preakness Festival. So for y'all, so you know, you know Preakness? Yes. So Pregna is, is it Freaknik nigga? I'm Like, what? I'm like, oh, freakness Preg.


You said Second Leg? Yes, it's a second leg of the Triple Crown. The one of the biggest horse races inside of the entire country. But it's, but it's also, it's a big deal because it's a whole festival around it and it's in beautiful Park Heights Baltimore. Yep. The home of Brandon Scott. But my, but my amazing wife, our state's First Lady is the co-chair. You've gotta see what she is doing. The build out, she's having club quarantine D Nice is coming down there, bringing all, bringing Jada kids, bringing two short Emini here, bring everybody, It's gonna be a party. Is this from May 10th to May 17th? Come on now. Yes, I'll be there May 14th week of stuff. That's right. Governor Westmore.


Thank you brother. We appreciate you, man. Love, we love the work you're doing in Maryland. Thank you. Emini here, you know, somebody need to replicate it on the national stage. And I hope that, you know, somebody gets the opportunity to, you know, because I don't know if we will have a democracy in 2028 or not, but we'll see. Oh, We will. As long as we don't, as long as we don't forfeit it. Yeah. Now That's, that's what I'm saying, like, like Emini here, like we have to understand, man, it's like the power does belong to the people. That's the beauty of, of of, of where we're at right now. And, And I, and I'll say this one thing for our close too, and this is why Marilyn, I think actually is really important in this situation. I'm a big history buff, so like, especially in really difficult times. Mm. I generally tend to lean on history And I like a lot of Maryland history, you know, in really difficult times.


Like now I'll read about famous Marylanders like Harriet Tubman or Frederick Douglass or Thurgood Marshall. And I think to myself, imagine having a conversation with Harriet Tubman, who, by the way, one of the great things about being governor is I have the power to commission And I made Harriet Tubman a general last year, so she's now general Harriet Tubman. Yes. And I think about what would a conversation be like with General Tubman telling her about the dangers of this moment? And I think about the way she would look at me and say, do you know what I've been through? Mm mm Do you know what it was like when I had to run from my life for my freedom in the middle of the night running from dogs and people with guns. And then when I finally made it to Pennsylvania And I got my freedom, I then decided to go back to bring more people.


And where she became one of the greatest conductors in the Underground Railroad. And I think to myself, what a conversation where Harriet Tubman would be like telling her how tough my job, how difficult we've got it. And watch her look at me and say, I would've shot him. Yeah, That's right. Yeah. Why you arguing with him? I was exactly like, why you arguing with these people in Congress? Know what Emini here in the middle of the night. In the middle of the night, man. In the middle of the night. Nah, I get what you're saying. You know what I'm Saying? But like, let's, let's not forget where we come from. That's right. Like For all these people who like, oh, this is tough and oh This, we go get, please don't forget our history. Please don't forget our ancestors. Yeah. Please don't forget what they had to go through and listen, I I you know, as KI says we gonna be all right.


We gonna Be alright. We gonna be all right. Yes at you. And don't take the Harriet Tubman thing outta context. That was a nice black joke. It was inside. Oh, you're right. We're not trying to shoot anybody. Okay. Yes. No, he, I know that Fox News, I didn't think about how can be perceived because Emini here I'm black and I'm here. But you know Fox lose your tell. Oh yes. Okay. I know you gotta go. Do you listen to Vato? Shut up Jessica. Thank you. We appreciate you. We coming coming. Governor Westmore The Breakfast Club Morning everybody. It's DJJ Envy.


Just hilarious. Charlamagne guy. We are The Breakfast Club. It's time for Pastor O. Yeah. DJ. Come Spin. Spin. What's up Nala? What's up guys? Big Nala. Come on Nala. Simone, what's happening? Oh, nothing. Just another Certified Viber. Certified vi. You know what the Black Effect podcast festival people were coming up to me calling me that you Are, you're a certified vibe. Certified Viber. Yeah. Period. He was like, you need merch. I'm like, I couldn't incorporate that somehow. You got it though. Got you. I know, but they wanted to say certified Viber.


Oh, Got you, got you, got you, got You. Yeah, by the way, congrats on the festival. Thank you. Thank you for coming in, shooting content or whatever y'all young kids was doing. What you call it. Yo. Yo. Why you be acting like you old? What you call what you, You not that old? What You call what you Was doing? I was blogging. Blogging. There you go. Wow. Wow. Yes, yes. Damn. He said thank you. Whatever you was doing, he you not that old Char, I want you to know that I'll Be 47 in June. That Is not Old vegan, yo. I'm, Yeah, that's crazy. I 47. I bet you on your 40th birthday. Damn. I'll be 47 June 29th baby. Oh man. Well congratulations. Thank you. Okay, so since we talking about nostalgia here, Nucci, who does the front porch?


You know the front porch? Yes I do. Yes. It's a DMV based platform. But they had Melanie Fiona come on. Oh yes. Her vocals was phenomenal. So then I went and looked And I was like, wait, is she promoting something? She dropped new music. Her album. Her album. Yes. Yep. And my favorite record off here is called Say Yes. Oh, I don't know why everything goes back to Lauryn Hill, but I feel like she get like Lau would, Lauryn Hill would've did this like back in the day. That's a good comparison. Yes, yes. I Love that. Melanie is dope. Melanie, Mike on type of vibe. Yeah. Yes. Yeah. Fellow cancer was happening. Ah, okay. She was up here a few weeks ago. She was Album Say Yes Beautiful. We're gonna keep it in the RB I'm gonna go with Summer Walker. She just dropped a new drink called Spend It.


She's always a vibe. Always. Her music is always a vibe. So lemme ask you a question. She got an album coming outta something I'm assuming. Okay. Because she on told Chris Brown, she gotta ask Some new music. Oh she on told Chris Brown. I ain't know Summer come out the house. Oh, she did what? Yeah, She do. She Chris. Alright. But she did, what'd You guys think of the subject matter? Spend it on me before I used to want love, but now I just want you to spend money. She was going through a phase. Yeah. Oh That's all. That is a fade. You recognize that face because at the end of the day, we're humans. Humans need love. Humans need, humans need actual other human interaction. It sound good, you know, just spend the money on me. All that superficial stuff. That's what I want. No you don't. There's just things.


Stuff don't mean nothing. Yeah. And there's a reason why she got there. You know what Emini here, she gonna get back to wanting love for the purpose of love and not just money again. You know? Okay. That's the reason she got there. She Hurt. She wrote that during the F-F-U-F-U you. I'm all about my paper face. Okay. Okay. Yeah. All right. Oh, key Glock just drop the album period. Yes. Glock. Let's get into the Grinch Hard crazy Drop a cool ball. Keylock Ratt Everybody Because Keylock can make them country rap tunes that just hit Man and then a sample. That little child run it. Wow. That that is so hard. I don't think people understand the sample. Yeah, I Agree. I ain't picked that sample. Hold up. Yeah. Okay.


You y'all ain't know that was a sample. No, I knew it was a sample. I know the sample was where It came from though. Okay. I told what y'all saying. That's what's, you Sure do learn that from your daddy. Little child running. Wow. Yeah. You learned that from your Father said Yes I did And I learned it from my father And I just a little legit. Exactly. Period. All right. My last song is gonna be from Ling Hustle. Who is Sherry's new artist? You know Sherry who used to run Roc Nation but Heys up? Sherry Te Curtis Mayfield. Sample by by the way too, but go ahead. Oh, okay. Okay. The record is called Comeback Season. I Don't think she's Asian. I think she's just a black woman from London. Yeah. Oh, you know what's crazy, yo, A spears do not like the way they rap over there in London.


Oh yeah. He'd be going jokes with her Boys shut down yo. But she's lit. Yeah, she's good. She's lit. I think it time to get used to it does like UK rappers, especially as an American. 'cause maybe. Yeah. But she definitely sound like she's spitting though. She's dope. She has a cool aesthetic. So is she Asian? No, she, I don't, I think she's black from London. Oh, okay, okay, okay. Got you. I could be wrong though. I don't know. Okay. Alright. Well TVT black. We'll suck back on that. Oh she is. First Of all, we don't want to hear nothing from you about who Black and who not because you don't even know if you black, you don't. You Black sir, You Dominican. I'm black. Then why you, why you got a Honda section at your car show for Dominican?


I don't have a Honda Section. Oh Honda. I don't have a Honda section. Wow. Ain't nothing wrong with a Honda. Ain't nothing wrong with a Honda. My first Honda Is a Honda. Mine too. To Dominicans is crazy. I'm not Dominican. Oh right It is. Okay. We love everybody. That's right. And if y'all love the music that y'all heard today, make sure you guys tune into my playlist certified vibe. You can get it by follow me on Instagram at Nyla Simone N-Y-L-A-S-Y-M-O-N-E-E-E. All the songs are updated and on there. And then while you're there, make sure you guys check on my podcast. We need to talk. I just interviewed Lo J who made Mona Lisa. Yeah, we have Khalifa on there. We've had some really good interviews lately. So make sure you guys tap in. Alright, well thank you Nyla. Thank you guys. Big Nyla.


That Was four for four. That's What's up. When we come back, we got my mix, the People's Choice mix. Of course we throw it back. I announced my car show earlier in the 7 5 7 Hampton Roads. It's all about the days. When we used to go to Virginia, we couldn't afford Miami. So we used to drive to Virginia Memorial Weekend, 4th of July weekend, labor Day weekend. So it's all about that era. Nineties, two thousands that paid in full era. We are gonna have exotics as well. So if you haven't got your tickets, get your tickets. Tickets are just 1999 today the call show is coming to the Hampton Roads area. So we call $20 1999. 1999. 99 Sold Crack for 1999. A little discount instead of for the 20. Like, because it would've just made sense. You know what Emini here, you gotta walk Around with pennies because you gotta get people To change 90.


Yeah, Nobody would. Nobody would want the penny back. Not even a crack head. So Just say $20. Nah, 1999 Crackhead ain't gonna have to change. Exactly. They wouldn't get, they wouldn't want it. It would just be good for a discount. This Is a promo. Goodness. Oh, You right, you Right. All right, well the People's Choice mixes up Next. Do Dominicans get in free before a certain time. I'm not Dominican. If you Own a Honda and you're a Dominican, This The Breakfast Club. Good morning, Wake up. Wake up. You're locked into The Breakfast Club. Morning everybody. It's DEJ nv Jess, Hilarious. Charlamagne the guy. We are The Breakfast Club. I gotta remind you guys, I announce my call show and thank you so much. I think we moved close a thousand tickets today, which is amazing. We are coming back to the 7, 5 7 for our car show.


Thank you. Hampton Roads area, Norfolk, Virginia, Newport News, Portsmouth, Virginia Beach, the DMV, Richmond, North Carolina. It's gonna be amazing. It's a nineties, two thousands car theme. I'm gonna bring all the exotics as well. Kids five and under are free. There's rides, there's gonna be food trucks. If you want to be a vendor or sponsor, you can always email me at DJ mv car show@gmail.com And I want you to put your car in the show. We gonna bring cars, but I wanna see what kind of cars you're driving. So again, my car show is July 19th at Hampton. Hampton Convention Center. And I can't wait to see you guys. Jess, you're doing fathers that identify as mothers. That's so Dope. Yes, but it's Mother's Day so it's, you know, I want everybody Mothers Day.


Stop It. Stop. Crazy Ass. And Detroit. What up Dope you girl. Just hilarious to be out there. One Mike Comedy Club on May 10th. We got three shows in one day. The 11:00 AM brunch, the early evening show at seven, and then the late night show at nine 30. I will be doing meet and greet after the nine 30 show. But if you are a mother, you need to come. If you are a dad that identifies as a mother, come on, come through. We want everybody included. I like that. I like you being inclusive. Yes, absolutely. So just come wear your heels, your makeup, all that. Do your thing. I got something for you too. I don got something. Knicks jersey. I got a Knicks jersey for you when you go out to Detroit. Oh, I don know you ain't getting my ass whoop. No, no, no. But get your tickets@jessariaofficial.com.


I see you Detroit. All right, Charlamagne, you got a positive note? I do, man. You know it is Mental health awareness month. The month of me is mental health awareness monk. So I just wanna tell y'all mental health problems, don't define who you are. They are something you experience. You walk in the rain and you feel the rain, but you are not the rain. Okay, that is a great quote from Matt. Matt Hy. All right. But just know they don't define who you are. There's something you experience. Have a great day. Breakfast Club bitches. We gonna finish or y'all done?


Toyota is the best resale value brand for 2025 according to Kelley Blue Book's kbb.com. And with a wide range of dependable vehicles for any lifestyle, you can get everything you need in a vehicle today while investing in tomorrow. So choose Toyota and choose Value Shop. Buy a toyota.com for great deals and more vehicles. Projected resale value is specific to the 2025 model year. For more information, visit Kelley Blue book's kbb.com. Kelley Blue Book is a registered trademark of Kelley Blue Book Co, Inc. Toyota, let's go places.


Taking control of your career is empowering. Just don't tell my boss. I said that. Building a career isn't just about a job. It's about creating a path that impacts our community and future generations. Whether you're starting out or making big moves, State Farm is here to support you with resources to help protect what you're working hard to achieve. They've got your back every step of the way because like a good neighbor State Farm is there. Find out more at State Farm dot com.


Top reasons technology pros wanna move to Ohio. A thriving tech industry with high paying jobs for programmers, developers, database architects, and more. Ohio is the silicon heartland with the top tech brands and thousands of startups too. Shorter commute times mean more time for you. And since your dollar goes further in Ohio, it's like a cheat code for success. The tech career you want and a life you'll love. Have it all in the heart of it all. Learn more@callohiohome.com.


Some people watch tv, but you live for it. You've got theories, memes, hot Takes. Your Sundays are reserved for new episodes and your favorite podcasts on iHeartRadio. And you called that plot twist two seasons ago. So take that obsession to Xfinity's Instagram and TikTok feeds. It's the hub for if you know, you know buzz about your favorite movies and shows with celeb interviews and first looks finally, people that love TV as much as you do. Love it back. Give Xfinity a follow on Instagram and TikTok.