
You're listening to an iHeartPodcasts KFC, chicken and Waffles, fresh juicy chicken and rich waffles with syrup. It's the kind of sweet and savory order that will make people stop whatever they're doing and stare in envy. So as you dig into your mouth, ordering original recipe chicken and warm waffles, or dip them in your syrup, try not to eat near people, crossing the street, driving cars, handling heavy objects or operating heavy machinery, you know, for their safety. KFC Chicken and waffles is the order people are gonna envy. KFC is finger licking good


meetings, deadlines, emails, don't you wish you could escape the chaos? That's where the all new Nissan Murano comes in with available features like the relaxing misogyny seats to ease stress, and the beautiful skyline views that bring in natural light. It's like cruising in your personal oasis. And if you need to set a vibe, 64 colors of personalized lighting and a bowls premium sound system. Have you covered? Hands down. The all new Nissan Murano is your stress-free getaway. Sometimes the greatest rush isn't rushing at all. Drive the all new Nissan Murano today. Panoramic Moonroof, ambient lighting bows and massaging. Leather appointed seats are optional Features.


Okay, have you heard about this? Last year, the green changed the formula for their cool rush deodorant. Their fans rebelled and wanted the old scent back and degree. Listen, that doesn't happen often. They admit it. They effed up and are bringing the original cool rush sent back. Now it's exactly how you remember it. Cool, crisp, and fresh. It's the reason it's the number one men's antiperspirant and it's back in Walmart, target and other stores now for under $4. So try it and see what the fuss is about. Head to your local Walmart or Target to try the OG degree. Cool rush for yourself.


At and t has a new guarantee because most things in life are not guaranteed. In a world where nothing is guaranteed, at and t is bringing something new to the table at t is introducing a guarantee with connectivity you depend on deals you want in service, you deserve, or they make it right. Learn more at att.com/guarantee. Att connecting changes everything. Terms and conditions apply. Visit att.com/guarantee for details.


Good morning. USA Yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo. Jess to be here in a second. What up Charlemagne? Peace To the planet it Thursday. How y'all feel out there? I feel blessed Black and Holly favored. Happy to be here another day to serve our beautiful listeners. Good morning. What's happening? How y'all feel, man? Yes. Good morning. I'm beat. I'm tired. Last night I stayed up. I watched my Knicks play last night. They beat the Celtics. 91 90. They lead the series two. Nothing in the NBA playoffs. What a game. Well, you could be a, it is good that you a Knicks fan 'cause you could be a fan of, of a team on the West coast. You could be a Nugget fan or OKC fan. Ain't nobody got time to be staying up to watch the Yeah, that was late One.


Yeah, that was late one. But salute to the Knicks. You gotta close the deal now. Yeah, you gotta close the deal. You got to close the deal. Don't it out. None of this matter if you don't close the deal. In fact, if you lose lose the series after this point, you know it's even worse. You know, you got to close the deal. You got two games in New York now. That's right. That's v That's very rare in a semi-final game for, you know, the, the, this, this team that's not seated as high as the other team goes up two. Oh, That's right. Well, you know, the nuggets of Thunder game, you can't talk about that game. But other than that, the playoffs have been pretty damn good. Like, so they Letting them play, They perhaps to letting them play there, there hard fouls. They are, they are Emini here. The score at 91 90, you could tell it was a def defense a defensive game. It wasn't like 150 to No, this, it was a great game. And, And I think the Knicks were down 20 at one time.


Hey man, I said it last night in a group chat. I was like, you know, the Knicks, the Knicks look like a team of Destiny. Yes. I don't know what that destiny is. Yeah, No, they Do. They do. They look like a team of destiny. So they Got a strong squad. So they gotta they gotta, they got to seal the deal though. That's all right. That's all I'm saying. One game at a time. One game at a time. Well, this morning, AJ, Terrance j and Rocsi Diaz will be joining us. Yeah. It's the 25th anniversary of 1 0 6 and Park. And they're doing a reunion that's gonna be at the BET awards on June 9th. That's Right. The good sister free couldn't join us, but Nah, free couldn't join us this time around. But yeah, they'll be joining us And I think it'll be dope if they try to get like, key moments from 1 0 6 and park like, you know what Emini here?


The, the, the who Is they? BET, like BFT. 'cause they're doing an anniversary, right? A reunion on stage. They say they're putting together some things. I think it would be dope if they do like key moments, like, you know, pass interviews or Pass. But that'd be hard to do at the award show because Emini here, us at home will enjoy it. But the people in the audience will be like, what? I think they should do a 1 0 6 park documentary. But that's, that's, I'm sure itll come later down the line. Absolutely. AJ Terrance and Roxy will be here this morning. That's right. All right, well let's get the show cracking. We got front page news lot to discuss, so don't go anywhere. It's The Breakfast Club. Good morning. Morning everybody. It's DJ nv, Jess, Hilarious. Charlamagne the guy. We are The Breakfast Club. Let's get some front page news. Now, if you just joining us last night, the next week the Celtics 91 90, they lead the series two zero.


You said that already. Thunder beat the nuggets. 1 49, 1 0 6, 1 1. Just in case people just waking up, just, just got here in case she didn't know. Just letting her know. I didn't know what happened. You said next See Nick beat the Celtics 91 90, they lead the series two nothing. Okay, now they gotta Close the deal though. None of this means nothing if they don't close the deal up 2.0. Yes, now you're coming back home. Yes. Right. We gonna be singing a whole different tune next Monday. Okay. That's all right. We'll be all right. Now also tonight the Golden State Warriors take on the timber wolves. Steph Curry will miss at least a week That hurt after suffering a hamstring strain. So he's out for a week. That, that's really gonna hurt for that. Am I the only person that be hearing hamstring screen and think it sound tasty? Don't only me sound tasty.


Hamstring, Hamstring screen. No. Like a screened hamstring. Sound like it tastes good. You put it on the grill. Oh my goodness. You don't even need ham. I Come Morgan could be a hamburger though. Morgan. Oh, hey y'all. Good morning. I didn't even hear. I'm just hamstring strain. And what and what the what. Alright y'all, let's get it to the far news. So three former Memphis officers, Memphis police officers, have been found not guilty in the Tyree Nichols murder trial. They were charged with beating Nichols to death back in 2023. And that was caught on video. Now, Arius being Demetrius Haley and Justin Smith, all were found not guilty of all charges. Now let's take a listen to the verdict reading. In part, The verdicts read as follows.


Count one, secondary murder. We the jury find the defendant, toda is being not guilty. Count one, we the jury find the defendant. Demetrius Haley, not guilty. Count one, we the jury find the defendant. Justice Smith not guilty. So count one as mentioned in the audio, was second degree murder. There was also count two, aggravated assault and count three, aggravated kidnapping with bodily injury. Also, all of those charges not guilty. So while they were acquitted in this state trial, they already faced the possibility of years in prison after they were convicted on the federal level last year.


Now, this case again, as I mentioned, was for the state of Tennessee. So How, how did they come to the conclusion about the not guilty verdict? Because, you know, sadly, I, for, I forgot about this case after it happened, you know, 2023 so long ago. And I remember when the situation first happened and it was a big deal. But I saw that verdict yesterday And I was like, oh my God, I completely forgot about this whole situation. Well, this is on the state level. Remember again, like I said, they, they have been charged and convicted on the federal level. But you know how it goes with the jury. You know, it's a reasonable doubt. So maybe the prosecution wasn't able to prove this case to beyond a reasonable doubt to that particular jury. So that's how that Goes. And it was on video, if I remember correctly, right?


Yes, it was absolutely that beating was on video. In other news, the official morning period for the Pope is over. And the process to select a new pope is underway in Rome. And that process is known as a conclave. Now 133 cardinals electors, including New York's Archbishop Timothy Dolan must isolate in the Sistine Chapel until a new Pope is chosen. Here's what Timothy Dolan, Archbishop Timothy Dolan had to say before going into the conclave. It's Wednesday and this is the day we enter the conclave. And I'm about ready to go into the do. So this could be the last time I talk to you in a couple days.


So folks, I won't be able to talk to you until you see the white smoke. I look forward to doing that and keep us in your prayers. Yeah. So this, after swearing oaths of secrecy and attending a final pre conclave mass at St. Peter's Basilica, the cardinals have handed over their cell phones and must cut off all communication with the outside world. Voting will continue until a candidate receives two thirds majority to become the late Pope Francis successor. That's when we will see that white smoke rise, rise from the chapel until then, black smoke will be seen following each round of votes. And the voting resumes today, I was gonna say, how long does it usually take? How long has it taken in the past? Do we know? I wanna say just a few.


You know, as long as it takes, honestly. But usually just a few weeks or about a week or so. Yeah, few weeks. Wow. Why? They don't know a reality show. They don't have reality shows over there. Oh no, this is, this is old school. All we, what is it? Secret society. All we ask is trust type stuff. Man, we can do making the Pope, Oh My God. For the love Of God. Oh my goodness. Could have been Pope. You Know what I wanna watch too. I ain't Going, that's what I'm saying. I don't think it's gonna take that long. 'cause the, the Pope just spoke. He, well, not the Pope, but what, what is he? The Cardinal? Yeah. Archbishop New York's Archbishop Timothy Dolan. Yeah. He knows the Knicks are playing. So he gonna get outta there by Saturday. Oh My gosh. Now watch he gonna get out. Just the Knicks haven't been in a long time. He, I'm sure he a Knicks fan. He gonna be out by Saturday.


Well, wrapping things up at 6:00 AM speaking of people who want to be the Pope, allegedly President Trump says he will make a major trade announcement today in opposed on truth social. He said he'll hold a news conference in the Oval Office and that the deal will be a big and highly, that it's a deal with a big and highly respected country. Now, he closed the post by saying the first deal of many, just over a month ago, Trump announced global tariffs on US imports and in an effort to boost American manufacturing and protect jobs. So there's projection, there's a, a possibility that this could be China, but you know, I don't know. We'll see what happens. And I Keep, what if Trump makes a announcement that he's, he's, he's doing a deal with that, with that island that only got penguins.


What is that? What he makes your announcement. I'm like, what? You Know, he put tariffs on an island that only had penguins on it. I think it's called Herd Island or something like that. What if you meant, what if that's his big announcement? Oh my gosh. Emini here. Well, what did he put tariffs on it for? Who knows? It would be our brand for the president. So nothing there. But penguins, That's your front page news for 6:00 AM Stick around at 7:00 AM We're talking Federal Reserve chair. All right, everybody else get it off your chest. 805 8 5 1 0 5 1. If you need to vent, phone lines wide open. It's The Breakfast Club. Good morning. The Breakfast Club. Ray, Ray. Ray. Yo, Charlamagne, what up? Are we lying? This is your time to get it off your chest.


I got an indoor pool, a outdoor Pool. We want to hear from you on The Breakfast Club. We can get on the phone right now. Here, tell you what, it's We live. Hello? Who's this? Hello? Hey, what's your name, brother. Hey, what's going on? It's Mike calling from Jersey Envy. Good morning everybody. It's Jess there yet? Yep. Good. Hey yo. Yes. Good morning. What's up Mike? Good Morning Jess. Good morning Charlamagne. Peace. Mike. Hey, I just wanna talk to you about on the dance, the dance desk. Man. My daughter just finished up the dance season two weeks ago. Emini here we down in Trenton, New Jersey. Like she has an all black school. So Emini here. I know you understand like kids going to these competitions, man, soon as they see these black kids, they, they like, oh, they can't do tab, they can't do jazz. No, they can't do lyrical and trust. Man.


Our kids that go out there and show out, they went first place Grand prizes overall. These kids be out there hating. But these tail terrible folks be really, really upset out there, man. Emini here. I know you probably go through it too with your daughters. Yeah. Going out there. I'd be for you. Yeah, no, the same thing. I, I Emini here, I I I always, I love seeing the, the schools, especially the black schools that pull up and, and they show out. It's, it's, it's always great. But the dopest thing about it is when they win and it's not like the typical thing they gonna win for like, 'cause they got hip hop, so everybody know the black school's gonna get busy in hip hop, but when, when the black schools do the ballet or they do the lyrical or they do the tab or anything, what's it called? The a ariel, the soa, the temporary afro.


The, yeah, that, so like my daughter wins on all those and, and, And I love it. But I I love it. I I love seeing it and I'm glad you show up. What's the name of the dance school bro? It's Company Academy of Dance. It's, it's in Hamilton, New Jersey. But Emini here, she just moved from like tr right to the border of Hamilton and they actually just, they go on Nationals now and in July in Orlando, Florida. I wanna give a shout out to my daughter Aya. And I said down to the school, I know I can put my cash app out there to help get her to national. That definitely. How how old is she? She 11 and a half. What's what's the, what's the cash app? It's MDJ Oh MD Jonathan 2004. Hold write it down man. I'm gonna put some money in there man. 'cause I know how expensive it is. Believe me being a dancer.


Dad is Arm the mother. Okay, wait, what is it? Yep, it's M as in Michael, D as in David Johnson 2004. All right brother. I throw a little bit money in there. Alright, Appreciate it. Y'all have a great one. Good luck to you baby girl. Alright, Thanks. Hello. Who's this? You got it? Oh, I got this area. Good morning mama. I'ma get it off your chest. Good Morning. I just wanted to say good morning to everyone. Is y'all there today? Good morning girl. Good morning. How you doing? I'm good. My mom, she a business putting business. I just wanted to give her a shout out. She's putting Treat on IG in the Baltimore area. Pieces all, all locations.


Keisha Kechi Pizza, she in all locations. I just wanna get my mom a shot. A I Man look to your mom out there making people in Baltimore Fat. There you go. There you go. Charlamagne. There you go. That's all you Guys send some of them dessert Pig. Y'all shout out Ke you, you got, y'all gotta send some desserts up here. I got you. She in 15 locations like Well congrats to her. Yeah, congratulations mama. That's what's up. Thank you. She balling. She got 15 locations. 15 locations. So I just wanted give Ma Juice a shout out. She running right now. You on the area? Southeast. Got Big Mama Kitchen. That's all she's put to. Alright, well have, have a good one.


Keta S Mom, Dukes, that's what's up. Get it off your chest. 805 8 5 1 0 5 1. If you need to vent, hit us up now. It's The Breakfast Club. Good morning. The Breakfast Club. This is your time to get it off your chest. Whether you're mad or blessed, I hate the way that you walk, the way that you talk. I hate the way that you dress. Everything with Near is Blessed. Call up next eight hundred five eight five one one oh five one. Not just me, I'm with the coach of Philly. Hello, who's this? Hi, this is Nikki calling from Florida. How are y'all doing this morning? What's up Mama? Nikki, get it off your chest. Okay, so it's actually mainly just that I wanted to talk to, what's that?


Jess, are you there? Okay, just I saw your cell in Orlando. You were like, oh my gosh, you're so naive. I told you I'm an OG fan. Oh, I'm so glad that you're rebranding on YouTube. But all our comments I'm seeing we all miss out the duals. I promise you that's coming back. It is, it is about finding the time to play all six characters again. I got you. I know it. And then I know a lot of people missing the baby mama versus the girlfriend. I still do those. I still do those. I just don't put 'em on YouTube. But I'm gonna put 'em on YouTube. I still do those every now and now. Okay, Good, good, good, good morning gentlemen. I don didn't wanna, you know, just include y'all but Emini here call.


It's all Good. But anyway, thank you boo. I just wanted to tell everybody Jess did amazing at her show in Orlando. Yes. If you're going to herself for Mother's Day weekend, please it will not be disappointed. Her de was amazing. Speaking de I watched you with Flood baby girl, you killed it. Thank you. I appreciate that. It was flood. Flood is Welcome. I told you I'm a diehard just fan. OG Jess fan she said. And I love that girl. Yes, Thank I appreciate you. So please, if you guys are going to just, you will not be disappointed. You will not be disappointed with Desi. Just keep doing your thing baby girl. I would love to see you.


I just love to see growing up. Thank you. You honey be what's Flood now? So Flood is a action movie that me and Desi did. It is actually Desi's movie and it's on Amazon and it's also on Tuby. It's called Flood, just Dope. F-L-O-O-D. It's an action joint. It's all black production, everything. It's really, really Dope. What about the one that y'all doing called Stud when that's coming up? I don't have a movie called Stud coming out ever. You Should, that'd be fantastic. It'd be hilarious Because you look like one now. Definitely. Hello? I am dressed like a stud this morning. Especially The ones that set it off. You Look like you about Go rob a bank. I'm dressed like Chris Rock Daddy and everybody hates Chris. Remember? Oh my God. Yeah, he tiny crew. Hello? Oh my goodness. Hello. Who's this?


Hey man, what's up man? It's king. What's up brother? Get off your chest ball. Black. What up King Old Blacks. What's up brother? Hey, what's up? What's up song? Man? Man, I love you man. I appreciate you king man. How you Good, good, good. I was thinking man, he did. I hope he beats this case. I really do because he's been treated unfairly all the way through up till now. Who treated him unfairly? The the media? The the, the the the prosecutors. The, the whole thing. He didn't even get a bail. Yeah, he didn't get a bail. I don, yeah. I don't know if the prosecutors have treated him unfairly, but it, it is very hard.


I I hate when I see these things played out in the court of public opinion. I'll tell you that much. Yeah. But, but in all fairness, y'all was helping too, man. Y'all be kicking that back. You I Emini here. Listen, did your jokes be funny? Like you can't sit here and tell me some of these stories aren't hilarious And did he know a Lot of this stuff is funny too? It's funny but Yes, He knows he in there. They probably got jokes for him too. His back probably already kicked In. Yeah. Emini here. He damn Emini here. He, I do kick. That's Crazy. Did he say I do the kick in the But can't you feel that he's going beat it? Like can't you feel the vibe going towards his weight? We don't know. Have no evidence. I'm gonna be, you wanna know something else King of all blacks, I be forgetting what he's even on trial for because of all of the stuff that's out there in the media.


Like all of the other stories we heard, All he has to say. Oh boy. All puffy has to say is is to say I'm a freak is I do the craziest stuff, but I didn't do that. Yeah, but why? That's all he gotta say. And that new black woman that he has on his face is, is is she's the, a sexual survivor. She's a A sexual assault survivor. She's Yes. Yes. Sexual assault a survivor and she's going to be the key to him winning this case. Okay, But you said he my word but king of all blacks you said he didn't do that. That's my point. I don't even know what that is anymore. What is that?


Because You know what that, that is, that is, they are, they are hitting him with white man crimes. You know what I'm saying? When he's just some black dude that likes to party but they hitting him with sex trafficking enough. He ain't sex trafficking. No, Rob. Okay. Whoever Wants, so whoever wanted to be there wanted to be there. So if Diddy's listening right now, how would you tell him to defend us brother? I'm a freak. I like to get defecated on. I like that. I like, I like, I like go to the he he should go over the limit how depraved he is. But I didn't do that. Okay. I, but I still don't know what that is.


I'm not even joking when I say this. I'm really confused about this case. He probably don't know either. Nobody, nobody knows because they, they using the Cassie tape in court, but he's not charged that. So I'm I'm really confused about what he's in jail for at this time. Well get It off your chest. 805 8 5 1 0 5 1. Laura LaRosa. You have the latest With Lauren coming out. But we do, I actually, I I heard we did the Tyree. I was hearing us do Tyree Nichols at the top of front page news. Yep. And I was actually speaking to Ben Crump as we were doing it. And you know, Ben Crump's team has been supporting Tyree Nichols family legally. And he explained a lot more, some like background information to me. I wanna get into more of where Morgan left off at with why this ruling was even why, why these men are being found not guilty when we all watched that video.


You Don't wanna call in didn't Crow? He said he's not able to. I tried. Oh, Okay. Alright, we'll get into that next. It's The Breakfast Club. Good morning. The Breakfast Club. We going to see Kendrick tonight. God dammit. Turn our mic on. We going to see Kendrick tonight. Kendrick will be performing that MetLife in New Jersey tonight. Soon. Oh my God. We're mobbing as a family. Yes. Oh my God. You going? Yeah. Yes. Are you wearing that ShowMe? No, no. I was gonna say because 'cause Lauren literally had that on our day three outfit. Outfit. That's My brother. We share Clothes. Y'all work at Jiffy Loop so bad. Jiffy Loop. I hope, I hope it don't rain though. Well it's supposed to rain tonight. You Is outside. It's outside.


Wait, wait, wait. We not outside, but, oh, okay. When they perform, they outside. I was gonna Say no, it's definitely gonna rain yo. It's definitely For Lauren. She'll cuff everybody. If Lauren, we get wet, it'll look like, it'll look like MetLife got a roof dome just got a big dome over The roof. The roof is zoned fire. Let's get into the latest for our punch Y in, in the face. What The, That was She gets Them from Definitely She gets the details. I'm the home girl that knows a little bit about everything and She be having the latest on good Lord the latest with Lauren la Sometimes she have facts, sometimes she have details, sometimes she have a little bit of everything.


Well, what's the latest on The Breakfast Club? Talk, talk to me. So the news broke that we covered in front page news as well, that three former Memphis police officers have been found not guilty in the death of Tyree Nichols. The officers were acquitted Wednesday, May 7th of all State charges, including second degree murder. Now, as you guys remember, Tyree Nichols was beat to death and there was video of this after an alleged traffic stop. There was like a lane change violation that they tried to say. They pulled him over for now. I reached out to attorney Ben Crump, who is, you know, one of the, the illegal attorneys for the Nichols family. And he tells me, obviously the family is devastated. This makes no sense. Sure.


They did speak out on a press conference prior to this and, and they said, you know, the same thing. But my first question to him is, how is this able to happen? Everybody saw that video. We knew of the alleged like them. Well, it's not even alleged now because they're be they've been convicted of it and they will be sentenced for it, of them trying to cover it up and make things look different than how they actually went down. How did This second, you said they will be sentenced for it. Yes. And I'm gonna explain that. So there's, there's state charges and there's federal charges. So even though these men were found or were acquitted on the state level, on the federal level, they still are looking at witness tampering because of all of the different things that were done in the beginning of this to try and cover up what was happening.


But even with that, like in the federal case, they're looking up, they're looking at like probation or maybe up to 10 years in prison. But you don't know until they're sentenced. But the issue and, and the reason why this is problematic, even though they are looking at some time on the federal side, is that the constitutional rights that were violated, which is when we have a conversation about Tabby Nichols death and who was responsible for that? They totally are. No one's gonna be held responsible for that. Because even on the federal side, the the charge, the harsher charge, which was that civil rights charge leading to death, was lessened to bodily injury. Mm. This is also problematic. And I, one of the conversations that I was having with attorney Rumpy,


KFC, Chicken and Waffles, fresh juicy chicken and rich waffles with syrup. It's the kind of sweet and savory order that will make people stop whatever they're doing and stare in envy. So as you dig into your mouth, ordering original recipe chicken and warm waffles, or dip them in your syrup, try not to eat near people crossing the street, driving cars, handling heavy objects or operating heavy machinery, you know, for their safety. KFC Chicken and waffles is the order people are gonna envy. KFC Is finger licking good?


Hey, what up y'all? It's DJ Envy. The first few months of 2025 have been quite a year. Work deadlines, group chats you can't escape. And your weird cousin's latest overshare. It's a lot. But here's some good news. You don't have to bring that stress into your car. The all new Nissan Murano is your piece on wheels thanks to its available features. Imagine sliding into the relaxing, massaging seats that feel like they were made to melt your tensions. Take in the skyline views that let sunlight pour in and watches your day brightens. I have a special playlist that always gets me right. And with the Bowles premium sound system, you too can vibe like you're at your own private concert. Plus with your 64 color personalized lighting option, you can set the mood any way you want. Be it romantic chill, or in a straight up do not disturb mode. Let the Nissan Murano be your oasis in a chaotic world because sometimes the greatest rush isn't rushing at all. Drive the all new Nissan Murano today. Panoramic, moonroof, ambient lighting bows and massaging. Leather appointed seats are optional.


Features


At t has a new guarantee because most things in life are not guaranteed. Like actually getting the rental call you requested or your wedding turning out just like you dreamed it would. And someone making another pot of coffee in the break room after drinking the last drop of the last one. Yeah, don't get me started. Not guaranteed. In The World where nothing is guaranteed at and t is bringing something new to the table. At and t is introducing a guarantee. With connectivity, you depend on deals you want and service you deserve or they make it right. So if you wanna know more about the at t guarantee, head to att.com/guarantee. At t connecting changes everything, terms and conditions apply. Visit att.com/guarantee for details.


Check out Pluto TV's, the Black Collective, a free and curated collection of black entertainment, including movies, shows and music, all featuring black talent both on camera and behind the scenes. Watch classic movies like Boomerang Norman and paid in full binge series like Tyler Perry's Sisters and Power and Scream, the latest r and b and hip hop music videos all for free on practically any device that's tons of your favorite entertainment that you can watch on your tv, tablet or phone. All for free. The Black Collective on Pluto tv.


Scream Now pay Neva is The fact that they changed the jury. So the jury that decided on this state case was a jury from outside of Chattanooga, Tennessee. They took about eight and a half hours to figure out what the verdict was gonna be. And people were really upset about that because if you think about that, That jury appeared the 50 from Outta state. Right? Exactly. Exactly. So the whole jury of your peers thing was not honored according to, according to Ben Crump and how Tyree Nichols family feels because exactly what you said, Charlamagne. And also too, this was a predominantly white jury. So you have a predominantly white jury and you know, one of the conversations that I was having also with Attorney Krump, is you gotta think about where the administration is right now with Trump and the whole, we love police conversation.


You put in a, a, a majority white jury to figure out what happened in this case. It's just not fair at all. Now another thing that I wanted to point out as well too is that this is very similar to, and, and attorney Crump was, he's so diligent in how he breaks this down. I wish he could have called in. It's very similar to what happened in the Rodney King beating when you talk about the jury and how, you know, the prosecutors came in and said, or the defense comes in and says, we can't get a jury of our like a, a proper jury if it stays here locally because the people who live here are not gonna be able to judge without a bias. And so then you bring in this other jury and it, I, it just, everything that, everything that you're looking at in a case like this has to do with a lot of the, the community stuff.


Like this is a black young boy. He was, there was a lane change that happened. He was, according to, you know, how people looked at this hunted down by this police unit. The police are saying like, you have the state, the state is saying, well the police, this was a corrupt unit. I think they were called like the scorpion unit. They're like, oh, this is a corrupt unit. They're blaming them. The police officers saying no, we followed the rule. So no one wants to take blame for it. And that's why, you know, of course people are upset because with these men, they're not gonna walk completely. But just this alone is a smack in the face. Somebody lost their life. Oh, you also, why Emini here? You said that a couple times. Yeah. How are they so sure that they're not gonna walk completely? How are you so sure about that? I, I don't know that answer myself. But at according to attorney Crump, at least three men will face jail time and They gotta go to Supreme Court to get it, to try to get this case done again.


But my thing is, will a Supreme Court do it? 'cause will a Supreme Court look at it like it's, it was a a, a black brother that passed away. It was a black unit. So what racism would have to do with that? You know what Emini here as far as the jury is concerned? Oh, they're Up for hate. They not For hate. No, no, no, no. Because they're basically saying it wasn't a jury of their peers. They were white people on it, on it. So if it's, if not a racial play, how would that change? You were asking were are they up for a hate crime Emini here. No, that's what I thought Envy was saying, Was saying. No. So the, the only thing close to that that was trying to happen is they were trying to get these men convicted on a civil rights related charge that would've been the, a charge related to his death. But that's what I was mentioning that got dropped in the federal court. So even when they go to federal court, they're looking at, they're looking at this time still, but it's not gonna be as harsh as it should be because that got dropped to violating his civil rights causing bodily injury not death.


And the sad thing is they let this go so long, people really forgot about it. Like what Charlemagne said earlier, like, I forgot. I thought it was, I thought this was bent over. Yeah, I didn't think Emini here. I honestly just forgot about it. Yeah, I forgot. I forgot all about it. I can't even say and say I thought it was over. I just literally forgot about it. I remember it being a real big deal when it first happened because in my mind I couldn't believe that a bunch of brothers would do that to another black man. And we have so many conversations about we need more black officers who understand the black community, but so much happens in The World. Yeah, since 2023. I really just, yeah, I forgot about it too. About this. Me too. Yeah. And I wanted to take a minute too to shout out Christian Clark from the Biden administration because the federal charges, like the, the charges that they are, that are gonna stick, she, she fought a lot to make sure that, you know, that the, the, that the Tyree Nichols family would even have that to fall back on.


Well, why Do I I Emini here. I'm I'm just asking, I don't know why ahead, why, why are you so short that these charges are gonna stick on a federal level? I don't think that they, so because they were lessened is the, honestly the only reason in my opinion, if they were actually going for what they should be for going for, which is the fact that someone died. I don't think that they would stick the same, but they were lessened to the, the civil violating his civil rights resulting bodily injury. So I think something will stick, but we just don't know for a fact what will and who it will stick on. But I did ask attorney Crumb, so you don't think all of these people will walk? He said he believes at least three of the gentlemen will go to jail. He just cannot pinpoint which three and what the sentence will look like. Y'all got more faith in the system than I do because if that was the case, nobody would be surprised that they got found out guilty.


Now. Yeah, That's, that's my thing. Like Why is everybody like, I Guess they saying this charge is a lesson so it's easy to prosecute him. I guess that's what he was trying to say. But like I said, yeah, I don't, I Don't have that much faith as, as we wrap up, the civil case is still pending, pending. His family does have a civil case out and Tyree Nichols birthday is coming up on June 5th. So they will be doing a big rally just to, because they do feel like, you know, at this point people are not, they don't even know that this is happening anymore. Right. So that will happen on June 5th in Memphis as well too. So, Okay. Mm mm Alright, well that is the latest with Lauren When we come back we got front page news and then 1 0 6 and park reunion. Aj, Rocsi Diaz and Terrence. J OB here. It's The Breakfast Club. Good morning. Wake up. Wake up.


You're locked into The Breakfast Club. Morning everybody, it's DJ Envy, Jess, Hilarious. Charlamagne the guy. We are The Breakfast Club. Let's get back to some front page news now, some quick sports. The Knicks beat the Celtics last night. 91 90 to lead the series two. Nothing. The thunder destroyed the nuggets. 1 49 to 1 0 6. Jesus. That series is tied one one. And the Golden State Warriors take played the Minnesota timber bowls tonight. But Steph Curry will miss. Miss Steph Curry will miss at least a week after suffering a hamstring strain Dead for a week. Hey, it don't make no sense for a team to score 149 points and they're not an Allstar team. Those are Allstar team numbers, man.


149 points. That's crazy. They had 87 points in the first half. That's ridiculous. That's crazy. Alright, what's up Morgan? Hey y'all. Hey. So I wanna correct something that I said in the last segment about how long it takes for a new Pope to be voted on. Now. Traditionally, well I said a few weeks or a week or so. And traditionally the conclave has varied in length, but most recent conclave says it has taken about two to three days. And of course this is day two. So hopefully like you said, envy the new Pope will surface and maybe he will be a New Yorker and he can watch the game. Who knows? I don't know. And to answer the question of the caller, the jury in the Tyree Nichols trial did appear to be all white. So jury of your peers, maybe they were police officers, but you Got all white jury for three black cops.


So back into front page news, the Federal Reserve is leaving interest rates unchanged, but he has also said there's a lot of positivity around the co the economy, despite the future being uncertain. Let's take a listen to Federal Reserve chair Jerome Powell make these comments Following the announcement. My colleagues And I remain squarely focused on achieving our dual mandate goals of maximum employment and stable prices for the benefit of the American people. Despite heightened uncertainty, the economy is still in a solid position. The unemployment rate remains low and the labor market is at or near maximum employment Inflation has come down a great deal, but has been running somewhat above our 2% longer run objective.


So it comes as recent economic reports have sent mixed signals on the state of the economy. Inflation still remains above the central bank's target of 2%. Not to mention tariffs implemented by the White House remain in place, including the 145% tariff against China. But who knows? That could be, again, like I talked earlier about Trump's announcement. Hey Morgan, one thing you you, one thing they're not gonna do is lie to people about their pockets. You know what I'm saying? You can tell us all of these different things about the economy. The GDP is this and inflation is this. But people know how their pockets feel. That's the same thing the Biden administration used to do. The Biden administration used to say, oh, the economy's good. You know, the stock market is high. I ain't got no goddamn stocks. Okay, but so you can't lie to people about how their pockets are feeling.


Yeah, transportation is another one that seemingly you can't pull the wool over each other's eyes. Transportation Secretary Sean Duffy is set to announce today his plan for overhauling the nation's air traffic control system. This comes amidst continuing delays at Newark Liberty Airport, resulting from communication blackouts and a shortage of air traffic controllers. Now Duffy has offered glimpses of the plan saying in recent interviews the system would have new telecom, new radars and new infrastructure. Last week, air traffic controllers, screeners at New York or screen, excuse me, at Newark went dark for 30 seconds. I believe it's actually 90 seconds cutting off all communication between airplanes and controllers. Duffy blamed the outage on a frail system.


This comes at the same time that most airports reportedly said that real ID on the first day was smooth Reports from several major airports indicate smooth implementation with minimal passenger disruption. Officials say passengers without a real ID may still be able to fly but will face additional screening and we'll have to wait in a separate line. Now all real ID cards are marked with a star in the upper right hand corner regardless of what state they are issued in. Patty Mancha, who is with the TSA, she's a TSA spokeswoman out of Texas. She says the only way to get through security without a real ID is to be interviewed by an agent. Let's take a listen to her comments.


What TSA will do is we will work with the traveler to try to get identity verification. This is not a fast process and it's also not a guaranteed process. We will ask you a series of questions, it's much like a credit check and we will work with you to try to verify your identity. So she goes on to say, if you don't have a real ID and need to fly, she says, come to the airport a little earlier than normal and you can use, you can also use your passport as well. So hopefully this real ID thing will not impact too many travelers and put too many delays because it does look like the summer season is upon us. And I know a lot of people are looking to travel.


So, but that's your front page news y'all. Y'all could follow me on socials at Morgan Media and for more news coverage follow at Black Information Network, download the free iHeartRadio app and visit us@bnews.com. Thank you. Peace Morgan. All right Girl. Thank you Morgan. Now when we come back, aj, Terrence J and Rocsi Diaz will be joining us the 25th anniversary of 1 0 6 and park reunion. It's gonna be held at the BET awards and we're gonna talk to them next. It's The Breakfast Club. Good morning. The Breakfast Club. Morning everybody. It's DJ Envy. Jess. Hilarious. Charlemagne the guy. We are The Breakfast Club. All LA Rosas in the building as well. And we got some special guests in the building. Yes indeed.


We got some family. We got Rocsi Diaz. This is people's childhood in here. We got Yes. I'm so excited. Oh, we got the other guy. Aj, you know AJ Institute. Oh man. Damn. Forgot Howard. This is all my family. I'm just joking. This is all my family. We got AJ Rocks and Tur welcome guys. What up? What up? Going on. Good 1 0 6 and Park five said five. You guys were our childhood, our adult life growing up. Definitely mine.


I'm so excited. Happy. Does it feel like you've been that long? EV's older than us. I know that's what's talking about our childhood, our childhood's. C. C children. Our cj Hell when AJ on TV 2000. Okay, well that was growing. Happens all the time. I'm in the store and people got walkers and they're like, yo, I grew up watching you. I was like, you were grown. Felt like that. But y'all are celebrating 25 years. Yeah. Wow. With a reunion at the BET award. Yes. People always say what era was better? The free and AJ era or the Roxy and Terrence J Era. I'm just, I'm just curious. You know, I think different generations grew up with different hosts and so everybody likes to pick favorites, but when it comes to all of the hosts together, we just know that we're part of this amazing family that, you know, was able to be such an influence on the culture that, you know, to this day, to be honest with you, to this day, I still get more people that like are from the 1 0 6 and Park family that are now our A-list celebrities and stars that come up here.


Right. You know, because of those connections from then that, you know, they still, they stick with you for so long. So we're just so appreciative of the foundation that we were able to come from and, and build. And there was no platform for black and brown people? No, no. Especially not a prime time when that was getting numbered. Not at all. No. Yeah, not at all back then. And there was, it was crazy because we honestly didn't know what we were creating. BET was looking for a host at that time. They already knew Free. Well Free was already picked. And actually shout out to George Daniels. George Daniels Georges music room. He introduced me to BET executives And I took them around. That's, and that's how it all happened. Took them to a couple of the parties and then they had me audition and literally like three weeks later I was on live television.


Green. Crazy. How difficult Was it for you? 'cause you didn't have any history in that? No, not at all. Not at all. Emini here it was a, it was cra Emini here. You I was getting a lot of hate. You had, I can't even remember their names. The morning shows were coming after me. I remember it was nuts. Yeah. Oh they, But honestly what called Bt, they used to call you the Canada the Predator longhand. Like they killed me. But honestly, I gotta give it up for Steven Hill 'cause he had my back. And then long story short, the same dude that was talking out that mess, I ended up running into him at the garden and he's like, you know what's all fun in games? Will you manage me? Oh wow.


Whoa. And I was like, aren't you the same? And what happened was BT had just put a big spend with them, but they were like, they had a commercial to get me fired off the show. Damn. Oh, I on the radio. I remember that. Oh look, It was crazy. It was. But anyway, I took care, I took care of that for you. Light work. We, We talk about that Later. Thank you. DJ V Took care of that for I googled. I No, but there's, but to answer the question, to go back to this question, there's no competition. There's no Emini here. Honestly, these two people right here held it down for a longer time and with a lot of pressure on them. So to to, to be able to do that and to hold it down with style and grace. Gotta like take my hat off to them. Yeah. You know how Seamless did Free and AJ make the transition process?


We Were gone. So yeah, there, there Was a period, They were already gone. Tigger and J gone were, were super gracious and mad lynx and everybody that was, you know, around at that time were, were were gracious. And, but it was challenging. You know, we stepped into these iconic shoes with people that we grew up watching. Yeah. So there was a lot of initial hate and you Know, and we came from nowhere came 'cause we were, came from nowhere. Part of a new face search, you know, a competition. A a you know, challenge. So it was like Terrance And I really leaned on each other because we both knew that nobody understood the, what we were going through more than each other. Each other. Because we never had done television before.


I came from a radio background and he did radio as well. But we won a contest to host the biggest show on a network. And it's Like, and that was a big deal. Big deal. Because everybody named Mama Wanted Die. And I had thousands of dollars of student debt to pay back from, from North Carolina a t and was sleeping on Fred's couch at the time down in, in his basement. And so we were just trying to, to hustle to make it. And we just had this dream and, and ambition. And so to see the show go to where it went. Yeah. And to be a part, you know, we were a part of all these iconic moments. So all of us, right from when Michael Jackson passed to when Barack was a senator, when Obama was a senator, you know, all of these landmarking Put this face, Madonna tried to make out with you, Madonna Make Out Was gonna be me.


Madonna tried to make out with Terra And it became so anywhere we went, Kiss Tyra, kiss Tyra, Halle Berry, Tom Cruise Jumped on The couch free with the catwalk. Aaliyah, you know, Cody Bryant, like all these We've had, When y'all left the show, a J to BET even tell y'all, did y'all find out on space? Like, or in the block? Everybody wants to know tabs like we did. She said Yeah Because I, because from what I read, leaving the show was you, there was behind the scenes. Like you felt like creatively things weren't right. Turn it down. It was online, It was our decision stuff. It was creatively it was our decision was But why Yeah, why It was Time Emini here back then.


No, it was it, nah, it was time. I'll, I'll Just say that. Or can I say wait, maybe there's a book coming up. I don't know. Mm. Possibly. So we'll finally get the answer. Maybe Emini here. The answer was, it was time For me personally, it was, it was time I made the decision honestly that evening. It was my last contractual day and yeah, I walked in the office, you know how they do the prep office. I walked in the office, all the producers there. I was like, this is my last day. Whatever we're prepping, it ain't gonna work. And they thought I was playing. 'cause I played all the time. And that was actually my last day. And it was crazy. 'cause I still remember was Mariah Carey shake it off. It was like the new joint of the day. That's crazy. And that's when I was like, I'm making the right decision. Did you and free playing at the other or I don't know.


Okay. Know. Got you, got You back. Well, can I say something real quick about Free though, because you guys asked the question about the transition. Free has always been that girl's girl. And she reached out to me because she knew, she was like, okay girl, there's the curse of the couch. Amazing. And this is what's gonna happen and this is what you're gonna go through. And free handheld my, she, she held my hand through a lot of stuff that went there. So, so nobody get, and, and all of the, the girls we're, we're all close, but like the women at 1 0 6 and Park have always kept in touch. And like to this day, Emini here, Julisa And I just went on vacation. Keisha Shante And I go to the same nail salon and you know, see each other and me and Free Talk all the time.


So I love free. Just, just for, for, for, for reference on that, like, kudos to free because she really, really, really looked out for all the girls and for us. She always calls us Free Angels. She's like, y'all are my girls. I'm like, all right, free. But, but you know, she just, she really is a girl's girl and really, really, really looked out Emini here. Even to like who the best hair makeup person was at at one. Like, those things that you don't know, especially when you're not on tv, you don't know these things. So she, yeah, shout out to free. We're still kicking It with AJ Terrance J and Rocsi Diaz Charlamagne. How long did it take y'all to get chemistry? Like between y'all, you and free aj and also between you and Terrence? Roxie? Ours was kind of instant. Yeah. Again, we came in through New Faces.


So we came in through a whole different, we had choice. Roxy's. Roxy's really easy to work with in that way though. You know, it was seamless. So, and again, it was that The World was just different and we were so hungry. Yeah. To just be able to pay our rent on time and just be able to, you know, do these interviews and so we were having fun. Yeah. We were having fun. Our life was changing. We were in our twenties. It was, it was great. It was a great time. When I look back at it, yeah. Again, like Terrance And I were a different situation 'cause there really didn't have to be a chemistry test. We were so happy to, to get the show. And like, I remember we had the phone call with Steven and he was like, so y'all are the host. And we're like, wait, what? And I had the worst audition process that whole week.


Like it was terrible. So the fact that he even got to where, where it was. But So you didn't even know you had, you didn't even think that you had it after, after auditioning? Not at all. Well, when we, because it was like 10 of us stepped in new faces. Yeah. And then they picked five to stay on the network. So even to have made it to the five, I was just like, what? Yeah. Like, you know, this is crazy. It's Always been a blessing. Yeah. You know, And I, here we grew up watching, you know, you Never thought, we didn't even know that that was up for grabs. We didn't know that they were looking for the new host of 1 0 6 mm. We had no idea TIG and JSA were doing the thing. Do you remember the conversation? I had with you when you started, which one? And I told you to diversify, do all the Stuff.


Yes, you did. You were always very, you know, gracious and very, you know, the way you passed the torch, you tig like every, like it was, it was a lot of, well, He took it to another level. Tj. Absolutely. He also, TJ Hustles, like, honestly, 'cause I remember the conversation. I, I privately, I've said this to you And I'm, I'm saying it publicly, like, you literally took it to another level. And that is a beautiful thing because it opens up for so many people. And I know you, you know, you walk the street and people are like, I'm in, I'm in news 'cause of you. I'm in entertainment 'cause of you. You know what that show did probably the craziest thing. And it's actually happened more than once. I had a guy come up to me and literally almost break down in tears and say he's alive because of 1 0 6.


Damn. What episode was that? He said No, The junior. The junior, no care back they weren't, Was like, he wanted to be inside to watch 1 0 6. And all of his friends were on the corner and they shot up the corner and killed all of his friends. Wow. Wow. So literally every one of his friends died. That's crazy. He was like, I'm the only one alive. Wow. Wow, wow. So just the impact of bringing kids inside. That's true. From the inter, you know, because the streets were crazy at times. That's, you Had to sit down and watch it. I, I looked up a fact. Yeah. Appointment television. That's funny to think about that. 600, 600,000 views per episode on minimum you guys were having during AJ and free on 1 0 6 and Park, including, according to Google. That's a lot of people sitting at one time.


And You had to watch it 'cause there wasn't no internet, so you wasn't watch, There was no, there was no social media, there was no internet. There wasn't like, you know, TV and all that stuff really was crazy. The commercial, I forget who made the commercial. I'd love to remember that. 'cause the kids were dropping the bike too. Like one six and barbecue going on. So when I was in elementary school, we used to play, they used to play it for us in the cafeteria on a projector. Like, you know, you hear like Jim would be everybody's favorite. No, lunch was everybody's favorite period because we used to watch 1 0 6 O Park and eat our food. Well I never ate the food. It was trash. But 1 0 6 o'clock was cafeteria time. Lunchtime every day. That explains so much about Baltimore. That's what they in school, we go listen.


And in Prison Emini here. Oh my God. The jail prison. You can't, there was so crazy. Jail mail. So much jail. You couldn't shout out to everybody when they was locked up. We used to get crazy jail, man. We still do like that story, honestly. Oh, you don't get no more jail. Oh, you jealous. You don't get no more jail mail guy Drew n Be Naked. I just doing Guy Drew a picture Envy Naked And I got questions coming. See me. A crazy honest story. I was at an event, Deborah Lee was there, Martha Stewart was there. I shouldn't be telling this story.


And Deborah wanted to, he Goes on. Debra wanted Be Martha. And I had, you know, interviewed Martha on Extra a couple times And I was like, I know Martha. She's super cool. So I brought her over and, And I was like, Debra lead just Martha Stewart. And Martha was like, oh my God, I love BET When I was locked Up, that's all I could watch. Like Rap City. Oh six Comic View. She, It was was That's so funny. It was in a hilarious moment. Do It was a Hilarious. How did y'all deal with, 'cause I was just saying before y'all came in, I, after 1 0 6 and Park, the only other place I can think of that has those cultural moments that people remember good or bad is Breakfast Club. Oh yeah. But now that's why you got the job. Thank you.


No, I brought that up because I was saying we now we got the internet. So it's like when moments happen here, it's super huge with y'all. It was happening on tv, but then like, turning TV off you go home or did you what or not, right. How did y'all handle those moments? Like, I know there, there was like the webby thing that happened. Roxy, Terrance, y'all, you walking off stage, Roxy, y'all here together now. We would love to hear about that as well. But Terrance handling those Protects me at all costs. And that's what I'm gonna say. And I'll protect him at all, at all costs. And, And I don't like, I don't like bringing up anything that was like that. That's not what I wanna remember from the show, because that's not even worth our time right now. The show was more about celebration than it was about drama. So those 360 days or whatever, because we were a 365 show, you know, it was always, there's always things that would happen.


But if there's one thing that I could say about this man right here is that he protected me, you know, at all costs. Listen, You know, we are, we're we're It's such a celebration now, right? And we'll pivot out, but listen. Yeah, I, for me r like it was, yeah, anything that had to do with Roxy was always protection thing. But shout outs to Webby. It's love, man. This has been, you know, decades we're adults. We were growing up live on television daily. Yeah. Our level of emotional intelligence, our growth as human beings different. What we were dealing with, it was, we were literally growing up in front of everybody's eyes. So obviously we made mistakes.


Obviously there's, there's, there's growing pains, there's things that we learned. But when we look back, it was this beautiful journey and time, this beautiful thing that we got to celebrate together. And when, when Scott Mills and the team said, Hey, we want to celebrate 25 years of 1 0 6 and park this year at the BET awards, We're gonna wence Terrence J t long working on time. Listen Man, money Talks, man else working on next.


But I do remember when you walked off the set, you said it was publicity stunt. Y'all brought it back, brought it back. Because I don't want people to think that was a real thing about me and him. Yeah. Oh yeah, yeah. This, We were blurring the lines of reality t this was early reality tv. Yeah, right. We were blurring the lines. Me and Roxy were sitting in Steven's office and was like, why don't we, you know, try this as a scripted thing. Right? We were coming up with creative people were talking about it like it was real, you know, popping and pop, right? Yeah. So it was, yeah, me and her have always been right here. There was never, There was never ever, yeah, ever, ever between me and him. And even to this day, like protect him at all costs, you know, at the end of day.


And we never hooked up. And the only reason why I bring that up is because Roxy is such a professional that it, you're such a professional. Well, I, I, Let me, let me, let me say this before y'all asked me. Okay. Think somewhere. He said, lemme say this before y'all asked me, y'all asked. Yeah. Well, you know, with, with women In Inch sometimes You trying to,


Hey, what up y'all? It's DEJ Envy. The first few months of 2025 have been quite a year. Work deadlines, group chats, you can't escape. And your weird cousin's latest overshare. It's a lot. But here's some good news. You don't have to bring that stress into your car. The all new Nissan Murano is your piece on wheels. Thanks to its available features. Imagine sliding into the relaxing, massaging seats that feel like they were made to melt your tensions. Take in the skyline views that let sunlight pour in and watches your day brightens. I have a special playlist that always gets me right. And with the Bose premium sound system, you too can vibe like you're at your own private concert. Plus with your 64 color personalized lighting option, you can set the mood any way you want. Be it romantic chill, or in a straight up do not disturb mode. Let the Nissan Murano be your oasis in a chaotic world because sometimes the greatest rush isn't rushing at all. Drive the all new Nissan Murano today. Panoramic, moonroof, ambient lighting, bows and massaging. Leather appointed seats are optional.


Features At t has a new guarantee because most things in life are not guaranteed. Like actually getting the rental car you've requested or your wedding turning out just like you dreamed it would. And someone making another pot of coffee in the break room after drinking the last drop of the last one. Yeah. Don't get me started. Not guaranteed. In a world where nothing is guaranteed, at and t is bringing something new to the table. At and t is introducing a guarantee. With connectivity, you depend on deals you want and service you deserve or they make it right. So if you wanna know more about the at t guarantee, head to att.com/guarantee. At&t connecting changes everything, terms and conditions apply. Visit att.com/guarantee for details.


Check out Pluto TV's the Black Collective, a free and curated collection of black entertainment, including movies, shows and music. All featuring black talent both on camera and behind the scenes. Watch classic movies like Boomerang Norman and paid in full binge series like Tyler Perry's Sisters in Power and Scream, the latest RB and hip hop music videos all for free on practically any device that's tons of your favorite entertainment that you can watch on your tv, tablet or phone. All for free. The Black Collective on Pluto tv.


Scream Now Pay Neville.


Peace to the planet. Charlemagne Godhead. Look, we all make mistakes, but owning up to them is the right thing to do. You know, degree cool rush deodorant. Well, last year they changed the formula and it did not go over well with their fans degree's. Whole thing is it turns up the sweat and odor protection when you turn up the effort. And good thing it does because cool Rush fans really turned up the effort to bring back the original formula. One guy even started an online petition and degree. Listen, they admitted they effed up and are bringing the original cool Rush sent back. And it's exactly how you remember it. Cool. Crisp and fresh. It's back in Walmart, target and other stores now for under $4. There's a reason why it's been the number one men's anti pressman for the last decade. It's the same reason why people were not happy when it changed. So if you never tried it, it might be a good time to see what the fuss is about. Head to your local Walmart, our target to try to OG degree. Cool Rush for yourself.


Talk about the way he's handling the interview right now. And I Yeah, No, yeah, she's a like she's calm down spicy, calm down spicy. No, because as a Woman she wants to understand why you took it away from her real quick. He threw it to her and You took it away. No, go ahead and finish. Terrance. I know what you're saying. I think Charlotte giving flowers out need to be said. You know, the show was special and we're just so happy that we get to celebrate it. 25 years. 25 feed the award Now you know the crazy time when y'all were coming up. I, I feel like New York in the 2000, 2005, 2010 was a bunch of people coming up at the same time. So we all ran with each other. Yeah. And I just thought that was dope. We all looked out for each other, we all cared about each other. We all moved in the same circle.


So it's like watching y'all now. It's like y'all brothers and sisters to me. 'cause we were all there. We were in fights, we were doing this like we did it all together and God, there was no cameras back in the table. We thank God everybody. Char fight me. Tried to fight. Charlamagne tried to fight. I love Charlamagne man. I don't even remember what happened. I don't even remember what happened. Where did this happen with a Yes. I used to be on Wendy's show And I used to be gunning Terrance and Roxy, right? Yep. And so I was up there with Wendy being messy Just like your go father shut up.


So Terrance came up To me and tried to shake my head And I said, I can't shake your hand 'cause I know I'll be talking about you and that that would be fake of me. Mm. So Terrence sat down, he put his hat on backwards. He said, you know what? Yeah I respect that but it ain't me. So I really, if you wanting to punch you in the face with what you be saying about my cohost. And I was like, bro, you hooked in head. And then everybody was like, y'all go in the bathroom and talk. And that's what we did. You went in the bathroom and talk. But he was protecting Roxy. He ain't even care about what I was saying about him. He was protecting Roxy crazy. But who, who won the fight? And tj, TJ will always Be off. Right? Right before he about the fight. Swear And I no shirt on TJ yo go help t Me and Terrance never fought.


I saw Terrance in the fight. Now I would help Terrance Lord When he left the room, it ends it with a hug. I have so much respect for Charlemagne then and now. What Charlemagne has done is incredible. Incredible. And it was, it was respect. And I think that started our friendship. Absolutely. It was like we had that moment and then we da it up and it was so much respect after that. And y'all almost did a show together, right? They weren't you producing? He was ing it. Yeah, it was me Du Ball and Angel. Yeah, we to the union. Bt State of the Union. I remember that. A lot of it was jealousy though. I'll be honest. Like I, I remember walking up to Terrance one time at the, this when y'all was in Harlem at Mission Impossible. And I had just got with Wendy And I don't know why I wasn't appreciating my blessing at that time. 'cause I'm with Wendy and I'm like, yo, one day I'm gonna take your job.


Yeah. For no reason. You walked up his, oh you look, I Remember that. I remember that. And I, but I didn't take it like that man. I, I, when I saw you and looked in your eyes, I saw that there was a hunger there And I saw that there was a as an ambition there And I just felt like as black men, it wasn't our job that tear each other down. I'm happy That you're success. Come get it. Motherfucker. Now New York was competitive and you would, you know, When we walked down the street It was, this is a different side of tj 'cause back then TJ would get into it. Like, I can't imagine afraid back it down from nobody.


I don know about this line you talking about, but them two line was and Free told me to tell Free. Told me to tell y'all I love them deep and ain't nothing like being a part of the 1 0 6 fam alongside AJ Roxy, TJ Tigga, JSA Bow and Keisha. See y'all at the award show. You dig? Yes. So now what y'all doing after told, let's break that down. And she also told me to keep asking AJ where free is s that I get asked. Asked Stop. She said that. No, I know she gets asked How many times do you get asked that? I get asked that you gotta mix things up five times a day. They ask me that all the time and Just say wild stuff all the time. He's getting a change. I can be in Africa. They'd be like a weird peak like he's getting a change.


Right. Free. Free during Free time Free was free herself, her name and her, she was like one of the most popular. Oh yeah. Names of, I don't know what list it was that came back in The World like Free. Oh Kanye. Every Black man in America had free with King. The King Magazine cover with Free on the front. Damn. Yeah, Absolutely. King Magazine. So Your question the 25th. Oh. So what are you guys doing? What are you guys doing? Fort Awards. What are you guys doing at the BET awards to Celebration BT Awards. Oh you're hosting the show? No, no, no. It's Kevin Har is hosting, we Are celebrating 25 years of this landmark show.


BTS 1 0 6 and Park. We have a lot of surprises. There're gonna be a lot of special announcements and it'll be the first time all the hosts are be coming back to be on stage together. That's crazy. It's gonna be a beautiful reunion. And we are just, we are so humbled, we're so appreciative of this time in our life to be able to celebrate this together. It's amazing. So I wanna talk categories, Uhoh. Okay. Okay. Yes. So best new artist and album of the Year Categories. I wanna talk about that right here on The Breakfast Club. That's an easy call. Ooh, that's new Artist is Doce. It's not even close. That's new Artist is Doce. I agree. She, she in the category. She should be in the category. Right. So best new artist we have Art of Star Big S, the Plug Boss man.


Dlo. Dbis, Leon Thomas, October, London Sha Boozy Teddy Swims and four one the group from New York. You, you know this is a tough category and so many of these artists have been around kind. Yeah. And and it's just so many talented people. I could say I'm A fan of a lot of them. Yeah. Leon Thomas is October London. Teddy swims. Teddy swims. My goodness. We had Teddy Swim. Big, Big extra plug. He a great year Too. He Was performing when the Eagles won the Super Bowl. The after party. Iris Star is another one. Yeah. I Love Irish Star. So that's a, they're all so they, it doesn't even feel It's a political answer. This Is happening here first on The Breakfast Club.


I don't even Feel like it's a new artist 'cause they've been killing it so Much. Me too. That's why I thought Don, you would've been one Pick. I like Shi Booze. I think Shi Booze has had a hell of a year. His record was big. He's performed at country awards and crossover awards. Add all them. I like Shazi or Teddy swims. Yeah. I like Leon Thomas. But Hiss Black. So I, I love, I gonna say I love Teddy swims so y'all don't feel like if it's Teddy swims wet be upset. That's say Shazi. Shazi. I say Shazi. Forget the white guy Ute. The Teddy. If he had a good year, he had a good gym. Yeah but it's Bt I love Teddy did have a good, if BT extra I would, I would Doze Teddy Swim. You gonna big extra plug. I like them all. You seen you seen that? Get into office. I do like Big X Plus. Yes I do. My son likes Big plug. So does mine.


So like Bat song, he goes up, he's hitting. Yes. What about Album of the year? So we got some sexy songs for you. Drake and Party Next Door. 11. 11 Deluxe, Jess, Chris Brown, alligator Bites Never Heal Our Girl. Doce, cowboy Carter, Beyonce, glorious Gorilla. GNX, Kendrick Lamar Hurry up tomorrow the weekend and we don't trust you. Future at Metro Booming you they Supposed to Pick which One. Now this, this category is real good Political. This whoever doesn't give an answer, pick a shot. It's only between two for me it's only one for me. There's only one. There's only one answer for that one. What y'all already know. NOx. GNX album of the year. Gu Kendrick had the best year of Kendrick.


Any artist, guillo, Kendrick, Chris Brown for so many years. He was thinking like me, I say Kendrick who has had the best year bowl of any artist. Kendrick, it's Kendrick, its Kenrick, it's Ken, Beyonce. Thank you. It's Kendrick Beyonce. Kendrick Terrance. I'll let you finish. But Beyonce Say Beyonce. That's right. Terrance says that's, That's my answer. Emini here. Ken Kendrick has had Kendrick Emini here. He's on tour now with S Ken. How about Kendrick or Doce? I'll say yeah, I did not stop listening to Kendrick's album. Right. Not gonna lie still Ken, especially being La Kendrick this moment in time for Kendrick Emini here. It's kind of like, But I loved Chris's album too.


Cannot even lie too. Chris is just and DCI's album and Gorilla. This is, this is challenge. Those Album They The Kendrick has is like You can't, I'm switching my answer Gorilla. We living June 9th Champagne. We popping champagne early. We celebrate, we celebrate wins June 9th. Jerry gotta put To put out there starting the podcast. Finally out of the park life out the park. O-U-T-T-A-T-H-E-P-A-R-K You by yourself, you doing with you want free to be announced.


Oh okay. Okay. Not you want free. We are free at, we're free. Free, free. Every Episode Free is actually not here today. Alright. It's The Breakfast Club. Good morning. Let's get to the latest with Lauren. Lauren becoming a straight face Off. She gets them from somebody that knows somebody well she gets the details. I'm the home girl that knows a little bit about Everything and she be having the latest on the Lord the latest with Lauren la Sometimes she have facts, sometimes you have details, sometimes you have a little bit of everything. What's the latest on The Breakfast Club? Talk to me. Alright guys, so to start this segment, I do wanna talk about if, if you guys are gonna, or not if, but when you guys gonna watch our interview that we did with AJ Roxy and Yeah, well AJ Roxy and Terrence J in the interview we talk about the best new artist category and in that category we had a conversation because what listed on the page Doci was not listed in best new artist.


She was listed in the best, I think it was like best album, best rap album category. And I had said, well Album of the Year actually. Album of the, okay. It was album of the Year. So I had said in the interview that I couldn't believe that Doci wasn't nominated for or wasn't Yeah. Wasn't being nominated for best new artists. And we got some clarity on that. So I received a statement because BT just wanted to make sure that we were able to clarify that Doci was actually recognized early in her career by the BET awards for best new artists. And back in 2023. So now in 2025 she's up for six awards, including best female hip hop artists and album of the year Emini here. That sense that makes sense. But you know, nowadays we be listening to artists for years before they get like a best new artist at an award show.


That's why I thought you would be honest, I was never confused that she wasn't nominated for best new artist. 'cause I've been listening to Deci for like five years now. Doci was on The Breakfast Club what, three years ago? Yeah, well they just wanted to make the point that they're not overlooking her. It's just that they were earlier. That it happened earlier. Gotcha. Than this year than all of the big hit. So in other news, you guys know Diddy is still in court. So today, Thursday, May 8th, no one's in court, but they will return on Friday, May 9th and I'll be there as well too. And on Friday, May 9th, they're gonna try and cut down this pool of 45 people into te 12 jurors and six alternates that they need to begin the trial on Monday. Monday is where opening statements start.


Monday's date is, 'cause I know people don't watch this in real time. Sometimes Monday, May 12th is when opening statements begin in Diddy's trial. Now, yesterday in court Wednesday, May 7th, there was some issues with the jurors because it's, it's hard to find people that are either not connected to not even just Diddy in, in the story at this point, but also to some of the attorneys in the room and the judge. So there was one juror that took issue with being selected. He came onto the stand and instantly you noticed, like you would notice in the court that there was like a kinda like a little key key that went down with him and the judge. And it's because he's actually litigated some cases with the judge. So of course he was dismissed and, and the juror said like, you know, I wouldn't be comfortable doing this because I think it may make it hard for me to litigate some other cases that I have coming up.


So he was dismissed but then, and, and the judge kind of didn't really, not that the judge didn't care, but he wasn't upset about that mishap. But then there was another juror that came on the stand or potential juror. And this juror disclosed the information that they actually work at MDC Brooklyn. Now the issue with that is Diddy is currently locked up up at NC Brooklyn. He's being, he's been housed there since September. Could, He could have got paid off, he could have got promised something. Anything he could have inside Exactly. Yeah. Conversations. Exactly. So the issue with that, the obvious issue with that is, is what you guys just said, but the bigger problem that the judge had, and he took a minute to scold both sides, the prosecutors and Diddy's team because he's like, y'all gotta do better.


How Did he get this fall? Yeah. How did he get to the point where he's coming in front of the court and this is being put on record. Not only does it not look like it doesn't look good, right? Like it looks like there's laziness happening. But also too, y'all, this takes a lot of time. Like we don't wanna waste people's time here. So y'all have to do better because there can't be slips. And these accusations are very serious. We can't slip things can't slip. Now another issue that they've been having, remember I told you guys about the new black woman attorney that is on Diddy's case? Does she Have a name? Because we keep saying new black woman attorney. Black woman attorney say her name. The New black woman attorney on Diddy's case, they built a statue of her in New York yesterday. Really? No, that's not her because you No, you talking about that statue of the, the, the woman that's a little thick, That's not her.


The woman that I'm referring to, her name is Nicole Westmoreland. And remember I told y'all she's a beast at the the examination, the cross examination. Yes. According to, you know, her career history. Now that was one conversation, but now they're having a conversation about an attorney named Mark Gals. Have you guys ever heard of him? No Big business when it comes to this legal thing. His daughter is one of Diddy's lead attorneys on this case. Right? But he's supposed to not be officially representing Puff, but it's seeming like he's been consulting the, you know, the team or whatever. But he has this podcast that he does And I believe he does it in a partnership with TMZ. And the podcast is called Two Angry Men. Him and Harvey Levin very fitting for Harvey. Oh wow. Now on that podcast, wow. What is that down? You know, I'm being funny on that podcast.


They break down a bunch of different things, but of course they lean in illegal stuff. And on that podcast a couple days ago, he got on there and called the prosecutors a a six pack of white women. Now it, it is all white women on the prosecutor side. We've talked about that. But the issue that the judge has with this is you, it seems like you are, the prosecutors had with it is number one, these are the white women he's talking about. But it seems like he is working with Puff's team. So if you are doing that, you according to certain rules, you can't get in public and say and do certain things because you can Jury. But he's part of the team. He's not being paid. He's he hasn't been representing Puff. Well He was asked, he Is he have a retainer.


He was asked if he was advising Diddy in the case and all he would say is that he frequently that he talks to Diddy with great frequency. That's all he Was saying. Well question. I don't know if he's part of the case. What's wrong with calling him a six pack of white women? That's What you heard. 'cause he's inferring that because these are all white women on the jury that ra that based on race white women are going to convict a black man because of the race component. That's what he's implying by he pointing to the fact that it's all white women who are gonna prosecute Puff. Yeah. But if he doesn't have a retainer and he's not on quote unquote did he's official team, he should be able to say what he wants to say. Right. And why can't he Just say that? Like why, why, why do people gotta be cute? Why can't he Just say because of this, this What I think Emini here e even if he does get to it, and I'm sure that he's probably gotten to it on the podcast.


I haven't listened to the podcast. That's an issue according to the prosecutors because he's a very prominent attorney. Your daughter is the lead attorney for Puff. Even in my opinion, even if you're not consulting, it's an issue because he but facts Are still facts. But he observations is still observation. But he, you can't, I can't, if I'm doing that on their team, I can't sway a jury's opinion. And obviously the jury are seeing things because the kick getting on the, the y'all standing admitting that they're seeing. But I get you. But The jury got eyes, the jury can look and see. God dang that's a sit pack of white women over there And rapping. See that's not right because the prosecutor could release all the things that they released, but he's not on the team and he's doing a podcast talking about it. And now it's a problem because There's a gag order in place. But well now I just wanna wrap this up 'cause we gotta get outta here. Yep. The judge disagreed with Geragos who said that the Supreme Court has said that defendants and their lawyers have a constitutional right to publicly defend themselves.


So the attorney shouldn't be gag ordered in anything connected to this Diddy case. The judge said, Nope, I don't agree with that. And he also threatened to hold Geragos in con in contempt of court if this happens against. So he says he's gonna be listening to the podcast and nothing better slip. Mm. Okay. Alright, well crazy. That was the latest with Lauren Charlamagne. Don, who you giving that down? Can you Man four after the hour there is a woman named Trek Alon Price that needs to come to the front of the con congregation and we really have to do something about these false accusations, but we'll discuss. Alright? And then after that, just fix my mess. If you having relationship issues or problems, you can call Jess right now. (800) 585-1051. It's The Breakfast Club Here. And wait, I have an update for Jess with the Mess. Nobody ever did an update. Now they, I usually get updates on carefully Reckless on my, my podcast.


But somebody had hit me up to give them an update on somebody that called up here and lied on their baby father because we gonna get into it. Yes. Okay. All right, we'll get to that next two. It's The Breakfast Club. Good morning. We Wanted know how you came up with the don't, you're a bunch of donkeys out here, the street. That is why Charlemagne is here. If we live a life where we bite our tongue based off who we may have seen, we never will say on The Breakfast Club, in The words of Charlamagne guy is a donkey that, Oh Man, Charlemagne, you giving donkey the day to who now?


Yes, donkey. Today for Thursday, May 8th goes the 25-year-old Trek, Kelon Price Trek, Kelon Price has been arrested for falsely reporting a bomb threat at George Bush International Airport in Houston. Now flying is already scary enough nowadays, okay? You go to the airport and you just pray to God that you can board your flight on time that the plane takes off on time, no delays. And you make it where you are going in one piece, even though it is still very safe to fly. Okay? The incidents we've seen this year though of planes crashing and wings catching on fire, planes landing upside down. All that got people shook And I understand. So the last thing anybody needs in an airport is a person falsely reporting a bomb threat. Okay? We already got enough real issues at the airport that are disrupting things.


We don't need people making up stuff. Now I could give this woman Donkey of the Day for this alone, but no, the reason I'm giving her donkey today is much worse. Now we, we don't have a news report, right? Okay, well let me tell you what happened. God dammit, this woman, okay, Trek Alon Price called in an airport bomb threat to get back at her ex-boyfriend and also got him fired from his job. Okay? In the charging document it says 25-year-old Tre Kelon price is, is, is being charged for falsely reporting a bomb threat at George Bush International Airport in Houston. According to the document, the woman called the airport on January 4th to report that her 38-year-old ex-boyfriend who was flying into Houston and was planning to fly to Cedar Rapids Airport in Iowa later that day was going to bomb both locations.


Okay? Lock her up, all right? Put her under the jail and let Kanye swallow the key. All right? You told police this man had a gun on him and a bomb and playing the shoot up and bomb the airport. I have no sympathy for women like this at all. Okay? I've seen too many men get their lives ruined, get killed because of females like this. All because you was trying to get back at him. Lemme tell you something else, man. This man said this woman trek along, price cost him a job. The ex told police that price allegedly called into his former job posing as a probation officer, okay? Telling his employer that he had failed a urine test for drugs and instructed his employer to fire him.


Then she later called back and admitted she wasn't a probation officer. And the employer identified as a witness in the document confirmed that the determining factor in the de determination of the ex was the communications by defendant and the constant issues she was repeatedly causing. Oh my God, they say hell have no fury like a woman scorned. I don't know what this man did to you, but I don't care. Trek kelon is dangerous. She don't need to be on the street. She needs to be far, far away from society and civilized people because a person who is willing to lie on another person like this simply because they're mad is a danger to us.


All this how you get people killed, okay? You are keeping up the tradition of people like Carolyn Bryant Dunham, who falsely accused ETT till of whistling her at whistling at her at a grocery store. Ruby Bates and Victoria Price, two white women who falsely accused nine black boys of rape, Tijuana Brawley, who falsely accused four white men of raping and kidnapping her. I have zero when Emini here. Zero. I'm talking Russell Westbrook, Gilbert Arena arenas Damien Lily. Number zero. I have zero remorse for women who falsely accuse men of anything. And I am extremely happy this woman is being charged with faking a bomb threat. But why isn't there a charge for falsely accusing the man? You cost him a job and you potentially could have got him locked up, or God forbid, killed you.


Told police he had a bomb and a gun. The fact law enforcement just contacted him and had a conversation and realized that he had no intentions to bomb the airport. Kudos to them. Round of applause, man. For them doing they job the right way because they could have ran down on, ran down on him like his name was Saddam Bin Laden. Okay? This isn't right. And it's not gonna stop until these women start facing actual charges for these false accusations. And I believe the charge should be based on how big the lie is. She tells if it's a lie like this that could have got someone killed, then that woman should face a charge that is going to cost her her life. Meaning a charge that would put her in jail forever if convicted.


And depending what state they should get the death penalty. That may sound harsh, but you know what else is actually harsh? Saying a man has a gun and a bomb when they don't. Getting a man sent to prison for something he didn't do. And you know what's really, really harsh? People being killed because of these false accusations. So please let Remi ma give Trek Alon price the biggest Heehaw Heehaw Heehaw. You stupid mother. Are you dumb? Sad man. That is really sad. Horrible. Re alon. Re alon. She sounds like one of Elon Musk kids. She sounds like one of Elon Musk kids. Sounds like A-A-A-A-A mobile phone carrier service that didn't really take off, You know?


Or like a prison. Yeah, like a Tre Alon. Yeah, like a prison, A video game console that didn't really went, didn't really work. Probably so came out right around the time. Nintendo, Nintendo Genesis. What? Look, Tre Alon. Look, I don't know. They ain't got no picture. Oh, You wanted to play game? Yes. Ain't what's her last name? Tre Alon. Price. Price. And that price was wrong. Oh man. Yeah. All right, well Thank you for that dog. Damn. I typed in Trek Alon Price, and it says Shop All Trek bikes. A bunch of bicycles came up serious. Say that can't be her real name. That's the name. And I know this ain't her. I know what Lemme see. No, as matter of fact, this is not her. I, I, I clicked images and an obituary came up. Oh wow.


Ah, I'll show y'all later. All right, thank You. All right, well up next, just fix my mess. 805 8 5 1 0 5 1. Just got an update on somebody that called. Yes, a couple of weeks ago. All right, it's The Breakfast Club. Good morning. The Breakfast Club. Help me baby. It's the real deal. Help me, help me. Oh my God, I'm all up in your mess. I'm gonna fix it. Fix it, fix it, fix it. Jess, go fix your mess. 'cause my advice is real Morning everybody, it's DJ Envy. Jess. Hilarious. Charlemagne the guy. We are The Breakfast Club. Now it's time for Jess. Fix my mess. Now you got an update, Jess? Yes, I have an update.


So look like a few weeks ago there was this woman who called up and she was trying to tell me that her baby daddy told her that he knows me. I'm a friend of his and all of that. He's from Baltimore, but he now lives in Atlanta. That woman had called up and told me that actually we actually do have the call. We got the call. You can just let, let us hear it. We all from Baltimore. I live in Atlanta now. This person Brett Mackenzie, he was part of the, one of the camera crews that shot the video for the last movie. Well, one of the movies you did in Atlanta. Dang, he, he talked like he know you, but he'd be lying a lot. So yeah, he Know me. But you got a baby bomb.


And what he, he denying a baby? What was going on? No, we, we got a baby with each other. We was together for like a year or whatever, but when I found out I was pregnant, he got real upset and basically was like, I'd rather die and be a bad. And I was like, okay, but you knew this And I already had one abortion for you. So we was together. It wasn't really working out. You knew this got mad by my window. Okay, so she had,


Hey, what Up y'all? It's DJ Envy. The first few months of 2025 have been quite a year. Work deadlines, group chats, you can't escape. And your weird cousin's latest overshare. It's a lot. But here's some good news. You don't have to bring that stress into your car. The all new Nissan Murano is your piece on wheels, thanks to its available features. Imagine sliding into the relaxing, massaging seats that feel like they were made to melt your tensions. Take in the skyline views that let sunlight pour in and watch as your day brightens. I have a special playlist that always gets me right. And with the Bows premium sound system, you too can vibe like your at your own private concert. Plus, with your 64 color personalized lighting option, you can set the mood any way you want. Be it romantic chill, or in a straight up do not disturb mode. Let the Nissan Murano be your oasis in a chaotic world because sometimes the greatest rush isn't rushing at all. Drive the all new Nissan Murano today. Panoramic moonroof, ambient lighting bows and massaging. Leather appointed seats are optional features.


Check out Pluto TV's, the Black Collective, a free and curated collection of black entertainment, including movies, shows and music, all featuring black talent, both on camera and behind the scenes. Watch classic movies like Boomerang Norbit and paid in full binge series like Tyler Perry's Sisters and Power and Scream, the latest RB and hip hop music videos all for free on practically any device that's tons of your favorite entertainment that you can watch on your tv, tablet of phone, all for free. The Black Collective on Pluto tv.


Scream. Now Pay Neville.


Peace to the planet. Charlemagne to God here. Look, we all make mistakes, but owning up to them is the right thing to do. You know, degree cool rush deodorant. Well, last year they changed the formula and it did not go over well with their fans. Degrees hold thing is it turns up the sweat and odor protection when you turn up the effort and good thing it does because cool Rush fans really turned up the effort to bring back the original formula. One guy even started an online petition and degree. Listen, they admitted they effed up and are bringing the original cool Rush sent back and it's exactly how you remember it. Cool, crisp and fresh. It's back in Walmart, target, and other stores now for under $4. There's a reason why it's been the number one men's anti pressman for the last decade. It's the same reason why people were not happy when it changed. So if you never tried it, it might be a good time to see what the fuss is about. Head to your local Walmart or Target to try to OG degree. Cool rush for yourself.


Support For eating while Broke is brought to you by Chamberlain University. Let's talk about that thing. You keep saying you'll do the new career, the next step. There's a difference between not knowing what's next and knowing exactly what you want, but being afraid to go after it. If you are in the second group, maybe it's time to stop waiting. Chamberlain University has been preparing healthcare professionals for over 130 years as the nation's largest nursing school. Chamberlain offers flexible programs built around your life. They have faculty who genuinely care and a community ready to lift you up. Whether you're just starting out switching careers or advancing your education, Chamberlain helps you move forward with confidence. Trust me, I know how tough it is to find a career that really feels fulfilling, but you owe it to yourself to keep on searching until you find that perfect fit. Because here's what Chamberlain wants you to know. You've got this and we've got you. Start today@chamberlain.edu. Chamberlain University belong to something greater certified to operate by Chev


Told us that he bust our window, that he, he made her get an abortion the first time that she got pregnant and everything. This man hit me up, right? Text my phone and was like, yo, like what? I'm trying to clear my name. What's up? Like what's up with you? Da da da. So I'm like, who are you? Like, so then he sent me a video. My problem is when I meet people, I never save their contact in my phone. I'm the same way. I, I meet too many people. So he was like, yo, I was on the set. Then he sent me the, the video of himself and then he had his daughters and stuff. And I was like, oh crap. Oh yeah, I do remember he said, yo, my baby mother called up and lied about everything. Yo, come to find out, he sent me doc court documents, restraining orders, invoices, receipts, everything.


She also has a daughter from a previous dude, right? He was taking care of her daughter before they even had a baby. She had an abortion. Come to find out, had an abortion. Didn't even tell this man until after she had an abortion. He did. She didn't even, she didn't, she went to go have it and didn't even tell him about it. Wow. And then he sent me voice notes of her saying some of the stuff that he, she told me that he said like, she was like, I, I just, now she gay. She, she said that he bust our window. He bust our window. 'cause they was, they were arguing and he was trying to, he was just throwing all of her stuff out the car and she shot the window. He was throwing her perfume out the car.


Right. I got the vid, I got a video and everything and it bust the window. He also fixed her window within the, the like a short amount of hours, like the, like that day it was fixed. And then she was like back in them, like the be with her things started taking a turn for the worst when they broke, when he broke up with her or whatever. And he was like, nah, I'm, she know he in the industry and all of that stuff. He do, he has worked with, you know, celebrities and he's still on set. He a videographer, cinematographer or whatever. And she just, she crazy. He sent me voice notes and all of that. Like, shorty is wild. She got mad because he wouldn't help her fix her car if I got your daughter's, if I know one, one isn't one is his.


But he said, yo, if I got your, she said, if I got your kid and you not, shouldn't you be like willing to fix my car? And he like, nah, we not together. Like, I'm not doing that. So then she start like she done left town with the kids. He like all types of stuff. It is still an ongoing crazy battle right now. Crazy. That's crazy. And the reason why he hit me up is because, so he just got hired by this new agency, right? The shoot movie shoot shows and film and stuff. And they was like, yeah. So we saw something about you on The Breakfast Club and yeah. Wow. Yeah, so he said he never was listening to the show the whole time. So they wanna call, they was calling him in to talk about it, to clear up things and he had to show them all the stuff that he shown me. Wow.


So you helping lives and destroying lives at the same time. I helping and destroying did not know. I'm like, I don't know this nigga. I ain't, I I ain't trying to be associated with no, no deadbeat dad and all that. Yo. Hold time. So More just fix my mess when we come back, it's The Breakfast Club. Ask about Me relationship problems. Ask about me. You need to beat your coworkers ass. Ask about me. Your Coworker need to beat your ass. Call it up then Dr. Jess. And I'm here to fix your mess. Fix your mess. It's getting very much messy. Let me fix this morning everybody. It's DJ Envy. Jess. Hilarious. Charlamagne the guy. We are The Breakfast Club. We're in the middle of just fix my mess. Hello. Who's this? Hi, it's Monique. What's Up Monique? Hey girl. So I called in just a while ago when you were on maternity leave and it was asked CNE And I was dating this guy, but it had been like nine months.


But he wasn't committing, like, he wasn't trying to make nothing official. So then when I called they were like, oh, Shama was like, give it time, you know, you still getting to know somebody. I was like, you know, I'm 39. Like I'm trying to like, you know, move, find somebody who wants to be in a relationship eventually get married. Like I just thought it was a red flag. So fast forward to now, come to find out he messed around with his ex and got her pregnant. So she was pregnant probably six months out of the year. Yes. That we were, that we were dating. Yeah. And so now I'm just like, he swears he's like, oh my God, I'm sorry, da da, I don't wanna be with her.


I still wanna try to move forward with you, but I'm gonna be honest. Like that is a big thing to try to get over. Like, like especially when you lied about it and you could've just told the truth. Like What? So I don't know. I'm just in a weird spot because he really wants to like, try to move forward, but I just don't trust him. You don't trust him, but you, you don't not wanna move forward with him either. Yeah. It's like in a weird spot, you know, like, I don't know. I don know what to do really. Well listen, you, you said that he would not commit in the beginning. That's probably why he wouldn't commit in the beginning because he knew he was still running around. Not even only with his ex. He probably was, you know Right.


Doing him with a few other women. You know, he just wasn't ready to be monogamous yet. And I feel like he understood that and that's why he, he didn't, he could've gotten a relationship with you and then he technically would've been cheating on you all that time, you know? True, true. But he still wanted to talk to you and explore wherever things went. This is a little hard. I ain't gonna hold you. It is. I would, it is. I would run for the hills, to be honest with you. Emini here, I don't see, it wouldn't be anything wrong with it if there was not a child involved. You get what I'm saying? Right. 'cause he was still single technically and he told you he wasn't trying committed. So. Right. You Doing honesty, you take it and you act accordingly.


Right. But yeah, that's a baby. That's a child. Whether he wants to be with her or not, he has to deal with her for the rest of the child. Exactly. You know what, Emini here. Exactly. And my, my thing to him was too, like, and because of that, like there could be no secrets. Like you, she would have to like, you would have to introduce me like, yeah, this is my girl. Like, it would have to be like clear intent, like set like in order for me to be like, yeah, maybe. But like even it's just hard. I don't know. I feel like I just resent him a lot at this point. I just don't know if Well, you're never gonna be able to trust him that that ex and the fact that the, the baby mom is an ex, that's somebody with history.


That's also somebody who knows him more than you know him. That's gonna always be something that's held over your head, you know, from, from her. You know. It is, it is just not Right. That's true. That's a recipe for disaster. Girl. You can go down that road if you want. You gonna be calling me again in a few months. Bad. So let that go. Right. Let it go. Right. I know the pool ain't ain't, I know it ain't, but to be honest, you know, I Know just Jess, I'm about to be 40 in December. Like I'm, And trust me, it's, It's hard out here these streets. Trust me, I I know very well. I know damn well you would rather be single at 40 than 40. Yeah. And, and questioning your relationship.


Trying to figure out if somebody love you, like you love them. That's true. You know that Is true. You are right. Yeah. You are right. Yeah. So, okay. Yes. Well, appreciate It. I love y'all by the way. Love you back. Love you too man. All right. Thank you. Now we got the latest with Lauren coming up, so don't move. That was just fix my mess. Now they can also check out your podcast if they didn't get through here, right? Yep. Carefully reckless each and every Wednesday. Y'all need to wherever you get your podcast on the Black Effect podcast networks though. Make sure you download that each and every Wednesday. It's The Breakfast Club. Good morning. The Breakfast Club. Oh crazy. You Just make observations, that's all.


Alright. Why you dressed like you work at Jiffy Lu though? Seriously? He look like he just sl up from under a car on a skateboard. Well, guess what? The oil act on Envy bid. That stupid ass die. He got on. Wait, You said all your oils are on Envy's bid? What happened? No, I said the oil from Jiffy Loop, the black oil is all on Envy's bid. Mm. I just want all y'all to know all of you brothers out there that be dying in your head. It don't look natural. Okay. All you guys, that's over 40 in your fifties dying in your bid. Your head wasn't even that black when you was in your twenties and your teenage years. Can you, you look stupid. It's brown Like a new commissary outfit. It's Dark brown's Not black. It's dark brown. That's What he told you. It's what? That's what he told you who told me. It's just, just Why is it all over your shoulders? I don. Oh, that's a blanket.


My fault. It's a blanket. What's wrong with you? My bad. What's wrong with With you? Y'all got on the show? Hey. All right. Woo. Don't you be laughing over there Wiggy. Let's get to the latest with Lauren S That about everything Be having the latest on the latest with Lauren la Sometimes. Sometimes she have details. Sometimes she have a little bit of everything. What was The latest On The Breakfast Club? Talk. Talk to me. He did not have to call you Wiggy Wonka. He did, he did not deserve that. I Just say Wonka wiggy Wonka is crazy. You Didn't say that?


No. Oh. But I look like Papa Smurf. Don't, you didn't deserve that. Please relax. I'm on your side. You never on my side. For real. You on Your side. You didn't Deserve that. It a envy didn't deserve. You have something you wanna dress in front of the people. You right. I'm Fine. Cover up. Oh my good. Just 'cause you learned how to put on undershirt that you didn't No, didn't. That was, And it was fast too. You came up with that in 0.5 seconds. You must have been sitting on that one M. Alright, y'all. Everybody good? Yes. Yes ma'am. What's wrong with undershirts though? What's wrong with Undershirts? No, ain't nothing wrong with 'em. It's just you just learned how to put one on. That's Real issue. Focus. Lauren. Focus. Okay, I'm back. So I wanted to, I wanted to bring something back at the top of this hour.


So Tyree Nichols, when we talked about it earlier, we spoke about it And I was under the assumption that assumption that you guys had already knew, And I shouldn't have done this, that you guys had already known that the, the gentleman in the case were already sentenced in federal court. They were sentenced in October of 2024. I had No clue. Oh, see, I didn't know. Yes, I didn't know that. I'm sorry. Not sentenced. Let me get that word. Right. They were convicted. We are waiting for the sentencing. That's Why you were saying that. Yes. Okay. So when I was, was pointing to, to, that makes sense. Yes. When I was pointing to what will happen when the sentencing sentencing comes and how Attorney Crump was saying he believes what's going to happen is because they have been convicted. But it was a year ago. And people, you know, in federal court. In federal court, gotcha. And then the, the acquittals that we just learned of this week happened in the state court.


Makes all the sense in The World now. Now it Makes sense. Well you see how she played this? She was like, I thought you guys would've known, but you know, you didn't already knew that. Totally. We forgot about the whole case Emini here. No, a a lot of people did. A lot of people did. A lot of people didn't even know that it was happening in two different courts. So, so moving forward, yes, we're waiting for this sentencing in the federal court. And then also too, there's still that civil case in the Tyree Nichols situation. So I wanted to clarify that. Gotcha. Okay. Now moving on. Remember we talked about, I wanted to mention this quickly too. Smokey Robinson in here and the sexual assault charges that were filed against him. Yes. Well, his attorney has come out and released a statement and charlamagne to your point, they are pointing to exactly what you brought up.


This just being a shakedown for money. And there's basically saying that the claims are false. So Smokey Robinson's attorney, his name is Christopher Frost, says as this case progresses, the evidence, the crucial element that will guide us, will show that this is simply a ugly method of trying to extract money from an 85-year-old American icon. $50 million to be exact. Mm. He then called out the plaintiff's attorneys and he said through this process we have seen the bizarre theatrics. And then he pointed to yesterday, so yesterday there was a press conference that went down where the plaintiff attorney outlined all of the allegations that Smokey Robinson's attorney are calling vile and false.


And he basically is saying he, he held this press conference, they, you know, sensationalized all of these allegations. And the reason why they're doing this is because you wanna like get the public involved and you wanna create a media circus. And we've seen this before so we not going for it. So I did wanna just put that out there because at the time when we reported it, there were no, there was no statement from Smokey Robinson's team. So I did wanna put that out there that they're denying this and they're asking anyone to, that is following this case to reserve judgment as the evidence comes to light and the actual facts unfold. And that's the thing like, you know, you listen to all women, but but believe all proof. And we went from the me too movement to the pay me too movement. And I said it yesterday and we'll continue to say it. Lawyers that take these cases should be brought up on some type of Rico.


'cause this is organized crime at this point. Because the way they do it Yeah. Is a shakedown, like they just said, course. Like, like guy just said, they'll, they'll reach out to you behind the scenes tell you that this Jane Doe, whoever has these accusations, Emini here, They don't have the the response that they want. That's right. And the response is, hey, a settlement. Correct. And if you don't settle, they'll tell you we're gonna go to the media with it. Whole press conferences, give it to all the news outlets just to smell your name. Yeah. But the sad thing about it is, is like you said, when that happens, you have all of your sponsorships, your endorsements and everything pulls back from you. So it makes you just wanna be like, just wanna get it over. But it's a shakedown. Well, yeah, I do think a lot of corporations have stopped that though because they realize, you know, it's just like a, it's a circular firing squad. Everybody gets a turn At some point.


Yeah. I don I don I don't think they stop pulling, pulling away from all this when it happens. Not completely. I think they just aren't as loud about it with certain things. But are They not, are they not so gung ho? They don't do it so quick? I think maybe, yeah, they do take their time to do a better investigation too. I will say though, that Smokey Robinson's attorney is saying that Smokey Robinson himself is going to respond to this in his own words. Please, Don Don't do no music though. Smokey. You don't need a Song about this and that. They will file a motion to dismiss the Lawsuit. And they're also gonna address in that motion the numerous aspects of the allegations that don't have any credibility in the issues related to timeline inconsistencies and relationships between the plaintiff and others. Yeah. And that he, he will potentially be filing something in response to this, in addition to that motion as well too.


So they're gonna fight back as they should. Remember when Smokey did that rap song called Gang Banging? Yes. No, But Let that Smoking that wine. Let me tell y'all. Yeah. Wasting your time. Yeah. The Gang bangers, all the Mexicans drinking Now Wine, smoking that Smoke really doing that. Coach that. No, I don't Remember that song doing that song. Smoking That Smoke. You don't remember that? You don't remember gang banging? It was serious. Smokey Robinson came into TMZ when I was there to do our Christmas special. Yes. And I was sit like seated like in the, the Little Bowl part in the front and he was like singing during the special and I don't, I maybe that's not the right time to say this. What You gonna say cat Daddy? Yeah. What he had you going?


I couldn't even talk. He was Fine. It's just that the, the aura like I under, I was like, I get now why they say the artist then are so different than our artists now. I literally couldn't even talk. Like they made fun of me at work for probably like a month because they were like, I I I don smoke it. Yeah. How'd you like That? You Wanted that? It was the eyes. Like he just looked And I was like, oh He looked at you And I'm never without words And I couldn't find him for a good two days. You was About to holler at him. You was Quiet for two days. I know Tim was like, thank God. Well you don't gotta worry about Lauren filing no charges. She just admit but she likes no. Alright. I know that's right though Is the latest with Lauren. Now when we come back we got the People's Choice Mixes The Breakfast Club. Good morning. Morning Everybody.


It's Djj Envy Jess. Hilarious. Charlamagne the Guy. We are The Breakfast Club. Now shout out to Kerry Washington who stopped through the show last week promoting her new film Shadow Force which opens exclusively in theaters tomorrow. Did you guys see It? No. You advanced copy. I haven't seen. No, they did send us an advanced copy but I haven't watched it. But you know it is is a good thing to take your mom because Scandal was like the new soap opera for a lot of people. So all you gotta do is tell your mom, mom we going to see the new Kerry Washington movie. Mm. And just lie to her and tell her das Sean de Rhimes did it. Well let's go back to your mother day. Damn. Well Let's go, let's play a clip of our interview with Kerry Washington In Shadow Force. It's really about what it takes to protect the people you love from the systems that want to cause you harm.


Which I think is very relevant right now. Oh yeah. But this couple, they used to be part of this spy unit. You know, they were trained killers together, they broke the rules, they fell in love. I got pregnant. So now we have to go on the run to protect our kid from the very unit that we used to be a part of the shadow force unit. So it for me, the film is about like when there are systems that don't want you to have freedom and love and joy, what do you do to fight those systems? Now if you looking to do something for Mother's Day weekend, you can take mom to the movies to see Shadow for starring Kerry Washington Omar side was supporting Cast Mark Strong method man. Just to name a few and you can check it out in theaters tomorrow I wanna salute to the 7 5 7 Hampton Roads area. Again, Emini here.


The way that you guys are supporting the tickets out there for that car show is just amazing. Thank you. We're gonna announce the New York Day in a couple of weeks, but that's 7 5 7. The BBS Boys and DJ Envy. So it's old school and new school. So we'll have cars from the era of when we used to go to Virginia Beach instead of Miami for 4th of July for Labor Day for Memorial Day, there's gonna be amusement rides and games for the kids kids. Five and under a free, there's gonna be food trucks. And if you wanna put your car in the show, if you from the the Hampton Roads area, Richmond, DMV or North Carolina anywhere surrounding cities where if you wanna put your car in the show, you can email me DJ MV car show@gmail.com. Send me pictures of your cars And I can't wait to see you guys on July 19th.


We got like eight weeks left right now. You gonna be Mother's Day? What you doing Detroit? I will be at one Mike Comedy Club. Now remember that 11:00 AM brunch that I said I was having at the club that is now canceled. You can call up the one Mike Comedy Club to figure out why. But we do have two shows at the end of the night still. We got the 7:00 PM and the 9:30 PM both of which are more than likely sold out as of now. 'cause it was only about 70 tickets for the last show yesterday. I will be doing meet and greet after the nine 30 show. So get your tickets@jessofficial.com. And I do have something for moms who come to the show for the seven o'clock six. I won't be doing meet and greet for the seven o'clock show. So I can't wait to get that Detroit.


See y'all brunch Would've Been, you leave Detroit tomorrow. Hmm? I'm leaving for Detroit tomorrow. Okay. Yes, the brunch would've been dope 'cause they got a upstairs and downstairs and the upstairs is real sexy and no, it would've been like a dope brunch. 11:00 AM brunch for mothers. That would've been dope. Yeah, no, why? Talk to Jess afterwards. Oh Okay. It could have been very dope. Maybe not, but Shalam man you got a positive note. I do have a positive note and it's simple, man. Be kind. But don't let compassion become your cage. You know, you gotta let people know that their wounds are not your weight. Practicing that is is a form of self-care. Have a great day. Breakfast Club bitches. Y'all finished or y'all done? Okay.


Have you heard about this? Last year The Green changed the formula for their cool rush deodorant. Their fans rebelled and wanted the old s sent back and degree. Listen, that doesn't happen often. They admitted they effed up and are bringing the original cool Rush sent back. Now it's exactly how you remember it. Cool. Crisp and fresh. It's the reason it's the number one men's antiperspirant and it's back in Walmart, target, and other stores now for under $4. So try it and see what the fuss is about. Head to your local Walmart or Target to try the OG degree. Cool Rush for yourself.


At and t has a new guarantee because most things in life are not guaranteed. In a world where nothing is guaranteed, at t is bringing something new to the table. At t is introducing a guarantee with connectivity you depend on deals you want in service, you deserve, or they make it right. Learn more at att.com/guarantee. At t connecting changes everything. Terms and conditions apply. Visit att.com/guarantee for details.


Check out Pluto TV's The Black Collective, a free and curated collection of black entertainment, including movies, shows and music, all featuring black talent, both on camera and behind the scenes. Watch classic movies like Boomerang Norman and paid in full binge series. Like Tyler Perry's Sisters in Power and Scream, the latest RB and hip hop music videos all for free on practically any device that's tons of your favorite entertainment that you can watch on your tv, tablet, or phone. All for free. The Black Collective on Pluto tv.


Scream Now pay Neva Meetings, deadlines, emails. Don't you wish you could escape the chaos. That's where the all new Nissan Murano comes in with available features like the relaxing misogyny seats to ease stress and the beautiful skyline views that bring in natural light. It's like cruising in your personal oasis. And if you need to set a vibe, 64 colors of personalized lighting and a bold premium sound system. Have you covered? Hands down, the all new Nissan Murano is your stress-free getaway. Sometimes the greatest rush isn't rushing at all. Drive the all new Nissan Murano today. Panoramic Moonroof, ambient lighting, bows and massaging. Leather appointed seats are optional features.


You're listening to an iHeartPodcasts.