
Hey, hey, gather round. I got the lowdown on the hottest show in town based on some shh that really happened. It's called Fight Night, the Million Dollar Heist, baby. It's about a job hustler Who tangles with some stone Cold Brothers and pays the price you dig. Starring Kevin Hart, Taraji p Henson, Terrance Howard with Don Cheadle and Samuel L. Jackson. Catch Fight Night. The million dollar Heist streaming September 5th on Peacock. Right on.


Now back to the Funk


Gear up for outdoor Adventures with the 2024 Nissan Pathfinder. This mid-size SUV is designed for Epic Journeys. Offer a spacious seating for eight available panoramic moonroof and an available intelligent four-wheel drive feature with seven drive modes. Take your off-road experience to new heights. Discover the 2024 Nissan Pathfinder at Nissan usa.com. Intelligent all-wheel drive cannot prevent collisions or provide enhanced traction in all conditions. Always monitor traffic and weather conditions. Toing capacity varies by configuration. See Nissan Towing Guide and Orange manual for additional information. Always secure cargo.


This is Coke Zero sugar. Could I be the best Coke ever? Try and taste with your ears. Here are those bubbles. Imagine them tingling on your top busy deliciousness. Listen to that cascading liquid. A mouthwatering waterfall, irresistibly, tasty, zero sugar, crisp, refreshing, and ice. Gold is Coke. Zero sugar the best Coke ever. Try and decide.


Turn it up. Music fans. This one's for you. Koch Studio is dropping fresh music and performances from artists you love like new jeans, Carol g, Peggy Goo Usher, and Tyler and Coke's giving you chances to win a trip to one of the biggest festivals of the year. Grab taste at moves. You scan your Coke or Coke. Zero sugar 12 ounce can to unlock fan fueled music moments, no purchase necessary. 13 plus and 50 US DC and Canada. 18 plus for select prizes ends October 31st. Rules, eligibility, and prize. availability@cokeurl.com slash Studio usa. Promo Corp Wright 2024 to Coca-Cola Company,


You are ready for a comeback. And with Purdue Global, you can do more than take classes. You can take charge of your story, of your career, of your life, earn a degree you can be proud of, and get an education employer's respect. It's time, your time, not just to go back to school, but to come back and move forward with Purdue Global Purdue's Online University for working adults. Start your comeback@purdueglobal.edu.


Wake up. Yeah. You guys really are like the hip hop, early Morning, late night talk The Breakfast Club is the most powerful, popular urban radio show in a Live from the black mothership in New York City. DJ Envy, Charmagne de to God, and just hilarious. Thank y'all for being cultural leaders, man. I appreciate what y'all do for the culture collectively known as Breakfast Club. I'm always nervous when I Do The, Breakfast, Club Because sometimes You say stuff and it's just gonna get you trouble. Everybody we cooking Good morning. USA Yo yo, yo Yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo Yo yo yo. Lauren La roast and filling in for Jessica. Good morning.


Good morning. Charlemagne. The God Peace to the planet. Guess what day it is? Guess what day it is? Hump. Ah, good morning. How y'all feel out there? I'm blessed black and highly favored. What's happening? I'm tired. How you feeling, Lauren? I feel wavy. Wavy. You drunk again? Well, no, this has to stop. Okay. So no. First of all, you're judging me. And. I. Don't like that. Not judging. You can't be wearing my hoodie that says Black women are effing gorgeous and also judging us at the same time. I'm not Judging. I'm coming. We Out out for every full co birthday last night. That's right. And it was an amazing vibe. And I barely slept. So when I got in here, I took a shot to You know, wake me up.


Get me together. Yes. Oh yeah, man, I Alcoholic. I didn't, I didn't take that shot. But salutes everybody that came out last night. Last night we celebrated my birthday at a place called the record room. Now it was lit. What makes the record room so dope is they take it back where only DJs can spend using vinyls. So you can only spend using actual records. And it was an RB vibe, so nothing but r and b music all night long. It was just a lot of family, a lot of friends. It was just, it was just a vibe. Last night we had a, a amazing time, so salute to the whole staff. So the whole staff's probably gonna be off a little slow today because everybody was out drinking last night. We had, we had a great Time. That's, that's not a good thing. Well, I'm here. We good? I'm here. We good. Don't worry about us. They gotta fix up.


They got us. They gotta fix up. They got us. We didn't already figure this out last night. That's right. We stayed close to the studio. Like, that's right. We playing this. We got it. We good. You look the least good outta everybody. The Least. Oh, do I? That means I must be hitting the chest. I ain't talking about your physical appearance. I'm just talking about the, the, the drunkenness of it all. I don't know what you're talking about. Let Me, why does your shirt say plastics? Because that's my friend brand. Shout out to Jayvon James and the plastics black owned designer. Y'all know how I do this is my dress down, so I got Dickie set on, but it's a custom dicky set by plastic. I look like a real good stud outfit. A dicky suit that said plastics on it. You know what I'm, we know what you scraped With. I gave this one like, yeah, like Don't, Don't play with me today. Stud in. I ain't gonna Front sits over here.


Lauren had dudes in a, in a choke hole every time I looked up. There was somebody trying to holler at Lauren last night. All right. All right. Everybody Must have been drunk then because I don't believe nothing. This don't believe. Not too much on me. If you. I'm living my best life. I'm not mad you right now. And. I. Don't believe you saw what you saw. It was, It was an RB vibe. It was an RB vibe. So everybody was like trying to be in love You know. Yeah, it was good. It was good. Now I don't believe what you saw You know. Maybe come outside. Okay. No. Alright. Not when there're studs out there with dick. That's dangerous. The plastics is for the everybody. It's not just for the toxic Sets, but, oh man. Alright. Yeah. Well let's get the show crack and we got front page news. Morgan Wood will be joining us, so don't go anywhere as The Breakfast Club. Good morning.


This song's so hard, man. Big morning everybody. It's the JNV Jess. Hilarious. Charlamagne, the guy. We are The Breakfast Club. Lauren la Ross is filling in for Jess. And let's get in some front page news. Good morning, Morgan. Good morning. Good morning. Listen, glow got the affirmations you need to get your day started. I'm just, period, period. Big glow, not the little one. Okay, so let's go ahead it. We have one week until the first presidential debate between Vice President Kamala Harris and former President Donald Trump. Both campaigns are continuing to campaign in swing states until the then Republican vice presidential candidate JD Vance.


He's scheduled to visit Arizona today while Trump is set to hold a rally in Wisconsin on Saturday. Now BP Harris, she used Labor Day to campaign in Pennsylvania, her first joint rally with President Biden. Since he dropped outta the race for the White House, she also held a event in Michigan. So let's hear more from Vice President Harris during her campaign event in Michigan. On Labor Day, We celebrate unions because unions helped build America and unions helped build America's middle class. You better thank a union member for the five day work week. You better thank a union member for sick leave.


You better thank a union member for paid leave. You better. Thank a union member for vacation time. So of course that was a union rally in Detroit, Michigan. It was her fourth, fourth trip to the, excuse me, her fourth trip to Michigan this year. Her second since becoming the Democratic presidential nominee. She hope she spoke at a gym at Northwest High School. You know elsewhere And You know You know when it comes to the debate too. You know I said this yesterday, but it's just true. She can't lose like she, she'll eat 'em up if it's just a straight up debate and they just got a debate. You know the issues and policies. She'll win there and You know if if if she, if she f razzles them, which I'm sure she will You know he overtalks her, insults her, try to overpower her.


She still wins anyway 'cause she gonna look like he, he gonna look like a madman. Yeah. Facts like the Trump Facebook he makes. But yeah, speaking of which Trump, he is pleading not guilty after he was once again indicted for election interference in 2020. Now special counsel Jack Smith filed a revised indictment last week after, after the Supreme Court ruled that former presidents have some immunity for their actions while in office. Now on Tuesday, Trump directed his legal team to plead not guilty on his behalf. He was not there, but they did plead guilt, not guilty on his behalf. And the new indictment keeps the same charges Trump faces before, but instead highlights his actions as a candidate and a private citizen.


So You know that gives it some, some definitive lines there. So in terms of what he did as a You know as a president or what do they call it, as an official act as opposed to him being a private citizen. Now Trump is also, And that's why he can admit to it, that's why he could just admit to it on Sunday morning or on Fox News where he could say, Hey I, he had every right to interfere in the 2020 election because You know he got immunity. Right? A a absolutely, but what he doesn't have immunity to is playing the Isaac Hayes song. Hold on, I'm coming. So the campaign is being ordered to pause the use of that song Co-written by Isaac Hayes. Of course last month the estate threatened to sue, threatened the Trump campaign with legal action and that they did that. On Tuesday, a federal judge in Atlanta issued a ruling temporarily blocking Trump from using the song.


The Republican National Committee and Trump campaign have claimed that Hayes, the Hayes estate, does not hold the rights to the license of the song. However, on Monday, Isaac Hay's third posted the letter from music licensing organization. BMI sent to the Trump campaign in June that notified the campaign the was being excluded from its licensing agreement. Trump don't use the song, just don't use it. We spoke to them too and they were ex they were looking forward to that, that trial yesterday. Yeah. Yep. They were. Yeah. So they got what they wanted from it. But there's still more to come. No, aint they didn't get what they wanted yet. Not all the way. Yeah. They got 'em to stop playing. But they also want You know he gotta pay for it. There's no way that you could just use my song without You know getting the proper permission and If you do. I need my bread.


SL got Isaac I third, he was out there dressed like he'd been leading marches since 1964. What? With them glasses on. It was with the glasses on that fresh soup. That's right. The only difference is he has some comfortable shoes. See, we learned from the ancestors You. know what I'm saying? He can't March haw about. And just to wrap up this segment, I wanna make mention that September is suicide prevention month. It's a time when groups try to bring awareness to the crisis of suicide and making sure those going through difficult times have access to the resources that they need to seek help. Now, since 20 22, 9 8, 8, that's nine eight. Eight has been the Suicide Crisis hotline in the us. So If, you or someone You know needs help. There are resources available to you.


And, I. Hope anyone listening, going through a tough time will take this as a sign and get the help that they need. And there's nothing wrong with asking for help. Just talk to Charmagne. Yes and You know I I, speaking of that, I'll be announcing my fourth annual mental wealth expo soon too. You know it's a day of mental health education and healing. We do it every year here in New York City. It's a free event and we provide all of those resources, the psychiatrists, the therapists, the spiritual leaders, the grief counselors, all of that good stuff. So I'll be announcing my fourth annual mental wealth expo. Like soon. Yeah. Like real, real soon. And also check on your family and your friends. You just never know what somebody's going through. Even if it seems like they Okay. Just make sure you check on 'em. You call 'em, you speak to 'em, you give 'em some good, some great words.


'cause sometimes that's all somebody needs. You know I've been there, I wrote about it in my book. But just sometimes just check on your family members and your friend. All right. And that is front page. Yeah, absolutely News. Thank you Morgan. Yeah, we'll, Alright. No problem. We'll talk more on the, in the next hour. All right. And everybody else get it off your chest. 805 8 5 1 0 5 1. If. you need to vent. Phone lines are wide open. Call us up right now. It's The Breakfast. Club. Good morning The. Breakfast. Club. Wake up. Wake up your ass. This is your time to get it off your chest. Whether You mad or we want to hear from you on The. Breakfast Club. Hello? Who's this? This is Marcus. Marcus. What up?


Getting it off your chest. Hey, I just want to tell y'all just talk about what season it is. Envy. Oh, it's Virgo season. It's Virgo season. Hey, do you already know Happy birthday for us. Thank you brother. To, to you and me. Our birthday was on the same day. Hey, I try to call every year, man. And, but I just wanted to wish you a happy birthday. Thank you brother. What you did for your birthday yesterday? Anything? Nah man, I work. Oh, okay. Here it is. I got a truck in business though. Keep your eyes on the road. You driving the M truck? Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah. Keep your eyes on the damn road. Okay. Both hands on the steering wheel. All right. Don't drive that m truck like you driving a Honda Accord, okay?


Nah, I don't. But these, these fools out here, they do. They drive. Just jump in front of you and everything man. It's, it's, it's dangerous out here. And, I like to tell those people to, to be careful doing that man. 'cause that little space in front of us, it ain't for them. It just ain't for them. You know. Yes sir. You know because we can't slow down 80,000 pounds. That's Right. Could you be safe on that road, brother? And I. Wanna ask Char, I want make to something to Charlamagne real quick. Yes sir. Hey, If I'm correct with this whole Hamas and Gaza war thing going on, if I'm correct, didn't Donald Trump go over there and determine what the religion was and really called it for Bro?


Bro, I, I, I I have no idea what you're talking about. Okay. Can we just talk about You, know what I'm talking about? Let's talk about Kailyn clock and Angel Reese, another coach war. Okay. I did that. That coach war. You talking too deep for me? I don't know what he talking about. Hello, who's this? This is Leroy from down in Florida. Hey, Leroy, Florida. What up? Get it off your chest First of all. Good morning, envy. Good morning Lauren. And good morning Warren and Charlemagne. How y'all doing this morning? Peace King. Good Kings up brother. I'm blessed Charlie. Man, you always crazy. People in in The. World come from Florida called the Bronx. That's a fact. Why don't you do your mental walk lineup down Florida again? If. you think we all crazy? Nah, nah, nah. I'm cool. Yeah. Can't Solves we cool on that, That flight down there alone as hell. Yeah, we cool on that?


Well, Lemme ask you, you say we need help, so you should fight for it. That's all I'm gonna Say. Well, no, I'm all, see, I'm, I'm all for building a wall around Florida. That's what, that's, that's what I'm, that's what I'm championing. Damn. Get it off your chest. 805 8 5 1 0 5 1. If. you need to vent. Hit us up right now. It's The Breakfast. Club. Good morning, The Breakfast Club. This is your time to get it off your chest. Whether you're mad or blessed, You better have the same. We wanna hear from you on The. Breakfast. Club. Good morning djj. MV happy birthday. This is Lauren from New Jersey. Hey Lauren from New Jersey.


Hey Lauren. Hey Charlamagne. I hope everybody is having a water for morning. It's my first time calling in. Good morning, Lauren Here. Thank you. Happy day. Thank you for what you guys do. Like I said, I listen every day but it's usually on YouTube so shout out to people to upload the videos because I'm one of the ones that watch every day. Also. Lauren, it's lovely to hear you again. Shout out to Jess. I don't know if she has a baby yet. She can take her time and do what she needs to do. It's nice hearing you every morning Lauren. That's it. I want y'all to have a blessed day. You Too. Very much. I'm excited for Jess to get back in here though and see like You know what the vibe is like in person.


Yo, I met a guy yesterday, man. He was outside of a a, a spot. I'd be going to a juice bar. I'd be going to with his daughter. He said he, he been listening to us since he was 12 years old. 12. And he was out there with How old is he? I don't How long y'all been On there? 15 years. 15 years. I've, okay. All right. Because I've been listening to y'all for a very long time too. That was Crazy. I like damn. I remember like early YouTube video uploads like Man We've been around. Hello. Who's This? This Liz. Hey Liz. Good morning. Where you calling from? I'm coming. Calling from Columbus, Ohio. Columbus, Ohio. What's up mama? Get it off your chest. Hey, thank you DJ Envy. This is what I wanna get off my chest. You know how you was up there DJing and y'all kept them girls that was right there in the front.


Yes. Them bitches was spanking. Damn. And y'all inviting them on the stage. I can smell but thank you for coming the show out. I believe s make her say that I can Smell your nappy PPO from hell. Hey DJ Envy. I was the girl in the white with the pink hair. Everybody was wearing white. It was an all white party. She said She had Pink hair. No, no, no, no. I was in front of you. In front of the stage. Oh, I don't And I had the pink hair. I jumped on the speaker. Speaker. Oh okay. Alright. You Jumped on the speaker sis. You was twerking on the speaker. Yes. You sound way too. I was trying to get up on stage. I know that's right.


You sound too Old For that but, but baby, listen. Charlamagne, calm your breath. Calm your breath. You had To process sport drive in, in sport mode, didn't you? That's right. I'm from Chicago G. We do what We dance. That's right. Well thank you Liz. Did you? Okay. Did you watch that? Thank you. Did you like Drew Hill performing at Cisco? Oh yeah. Sure. Most definitely. That's why I was up there on that speakerphone sometimes. All right. Goodbye. Liz. Have a good one. You right, you too. Salute everybody in Ohio. We had a great time in Ohio. Shout to Desi Banks and Drew Hill and and Cisco for pulling up for me. All right, get it off your chest. 805 8 5 1 0 5 1. If. you need to vent. You can hit us up now. We got just with the mess with Lauren LaRosa coming up. Yes we do.


You're gonna get into Cardi being offset. There's a little update since they spent the birthday together about their relationship status. Alright, well we'll get into that next. So don't move. It's The. Breakfast. Club. Good morning The. Breakfast Club. Morning everybody. It's D-E-J-N-V Jess LAIs, Charlamagne guy. We are The, Breakfast, Club. Laura LaRosa filling in for Jess And Lauren. You've gotta learn to be happy for people. I Picked this up. No, we gonna talk about it later. No, I picked, I picked this up. I Know, but You just You know why I picked this up. I know, I know. Why did, why did I pick this up? I probably to throw at me. But you just need to learn to be happy for people. We gonna Talk about it later. As long as You know all when you see this, that's that. Stop playing with me in the store. Just Remind me the, tell y'all why Lauren needs to be happy for people. Okay. All right.


Okay. Alright. Well let's get to Jess with the mess for Lauren. People Real Laurens Jessica Robin Moore just don't do no lying. Don't. She don't spend nobody world. Why Jess Worldwide mess on The. Breakfast Club. The coaches Lauren, Lauren Osa And, I got the mess. Talk to me. So recently Cardi B Offset celebrated their Sun Wave's third birthday party. And we posted a video of this on The Breakfast Club and Bro Girl grinding Instagram. And a lot of people had a lot of stuff to say like people felt like, okay, every time it's a birthday and a holiday after she announces she don't wanna be with him, he sneaks right back on in talking about Offset.


He's Not sneak sneaking. That's co-parenting. Yeah. Idiot. That's his son Too. That's not sneaking back into your son's life. People are crazy. Who you talking about? So he's sneaks in This's, co-parenting idiot. The pop. So TMZ spoke to a source close to the former couple and they said that Cardi being offset's divorce is still on and it's still moving forward despite the fact that people seen them together. They were Dreamworks Water Park inside American Dream in New Jersey. And what the source said is that the divorce is very amicable as we reported in the beginning. Like when, when I reported some things earlier, I told you guys that they were amicable at this point. It was like it wasn't a surprise to either person. So they're at the point where they can co-parent and do it effectively from what this source is saying, that they're okay with being in the same space.


But I celebrating their children, including all of their kids culture, wave the unborn baby on the way. And of course You know Offset has kids Yep. Prior to Cardi. That Cardi takes on as well too. And this sources is also saying that there has never been a discussion about them not being around the kids at the same time. And that's because they've already decided that they want their co-parenting dynamic to be impactful. They want it to be a great display, especially in front of their children. And there's no bitter bitterness at all. So for anybody that's looking at this and saying this is Cardi again backing up on the fact that she said she won the door divorce, but she's probably not gonna do it. This source is saying no, the divorce is still going to happen. Yeah. That's when I hear people like that talk. I know that they single, I know that they don't got no kids because If, you don't understand a a, a healthy co-parenting dynamic then something is wrong with you.


Or they could just be working it out and there's nobody Else's business. When people say the source go gossip, bro. I'm saying, I'm saying You know. Lauren just said they not doing that well. No, but she heard from a source. Listen, listen, listen. We didn't heard from the, we didn't heard hear from the horse's Mouth, so I didn't hear from the TMZ has this source. But listen, what I will say is if Cardi and and Offset are deciding not to be together, that's what they're deciding. Correct. If, if Cardi Tomorrow says You know what, I'm gonna take my man back in my house and we gonna figure it out. I wouldn't be surprised because she has done that multiple times before. And that's where people are coming from with this because she has mentioned divorce and did these things and then they get back together. So people are like, we already, we've seen this before. So Yeah, it ain't even that deep for me. It's just that's a healthy co-parenting situation.


Re at The least at the end of the day, whatever they're going through right now, the fact that they can get together with the kids That's right. And not argue, fussing, fighting in front of the babies. That's right. You know what I mean? The babies. It's it's the baby's birthday. Absolutely. Yes. Now speaking of argue, fussing, fight, we got some things we need to break down this morning. So you guys are gonna be a little bit lost in the sauce with this one. So at any point, If, you need further explanation, just say, please help your uncle out. Okay. Shout out to Kev on stage. He put that out on Twitter about this situation and the the breakdowns were amazing. What's going on? I I love black Twitter. So, so Cleo Patra or Cleo Trapper and Ice Vice All school luck on who? Cleo did you say? Cleo Capra. Cleo Chopra. Who is that? So Cleo, my girl Cleo, she is a rap artist from New York.


And, and Cleo is is is pretty big online. She does the videos where she's explaining to people like just some basic things like the difference between their and their like possession. Okay. I'm sure you've seen her before. Yeah. Yep. She breaks Cleo Trapper, she breaks it all down. I'm sure you've seen her before, but she's a music music artist as well. She has been friends with Ice Spice for like the last like I would say like two years. Okay. She's been spotted out with her. All that good stuff. And people have always said the relationship,


This is Coke Zero sugar. Could I be the best Coke ever? Try and taste with your ears. Hear those bubbles. Imagine them tingling on your top busy deliciousness. Listen to that cascading liquid. A mouth watering waterfall, irresistibly, tasty, zero sugar, crisp, refreshing, and ice. Gold is Coke. Zero sugar the best Coke ever. Try and decide


The summer is heating up. So the next time you pop open a Coca-Cola or Coke Zero sugar. Prepare for ice cold drops from Coke Studio. New music from your favorite artist and their latest hitch with drops from new jeans. Carol g Peggy Goo Usher and Tyler plus live performances at the biggest festivals of the year. Grab taste that moves you. Scan your Coke, a Coke zero sugar 12 ounce can and unlock magic music moments all year long, no purchase necessary. 13 plus and 50 US DC and Canada. 18 plus for select prizes ends October 31st. Rules, eligibility and prize availability@kochurl.com slash studio usa. Promo Corp Wright 2024, the Coca-Cola company


NFL Week one. It is finally here. And a new season means new ways to get in on the action at Draftking Sportsbook, an official sports betting partner of the NFL. Are you ready to place your first bet? Try betting on something simple like picking a player to score a touchdown. Let's go Score big with DraftKings. Sportsbook the best place to bet touchdowns. Download the DraftKings Sportsbook app. Use the code Bobby Sports. Put in the code Bobby Sports and get $250 in bonus bets when you bet. Just five bucks. You heard that right? And get one month of NFL plus premium on DraftKings. That's right. DraftKings The crown is yours. Gambling problem. Call 1-800-GAMBLER in New York. Call 8 7 7 8 Hope and y or text Hope and y 4 6 7 3 6 9 And Connecticut helps available for problem gambling. Call 8 8 8 7 8 9 7 7 7 7 or visit cpg.org. Please play responsibly on behalf of Boot Hill Casino and Resort Kansas. 21 plus age and eligibility varies by jurisdiction boy, New Hampshire, Oregon, and Ontario. Bonus bets expire 168 hours after issuance. For additional terms and responsible gaming resources, see dk g.co/ft Ball. NFL plus premium offer available only to new and former NFL plus subscribers. Additional NFL plus premium terms at nfl.com/terms.


I've been thinking about you. I want you back in my life. It's too late for that. I have a proposal for you. Come up here and document my project. All you need to do is record everything like you always do. One session 24 hours BPM 1 10, 1 20. She's terrified. Should we wake her up? Absolutely not. What was that? You didn't figure it out. I think I need to hear you say It. That was Live Audio of a Woman's Nightmare. This machine is approved and everything you're allowed to be doing this. We passed the review board a year ago. We're not hurting people. There's nothing dangerous about what you're doing. They're just dreams. Dream Sequence is a new horror thriller from Blumhouse Television, iHeartRadio and Realm. Listen to Dream sequence on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts.


I'm Angie Martinez. Check out my podcast where I talk to some of the biggest athletes, musicians, actors in The, World. We go beyond the headlines and the sound bites that have real conversations about real life, death, love, and everything in between. This life right here, just finding myself just, just relaxation this not feeling stressed, this not feeling pressed. This is what I'm most proud of. I'm, I'm proud of Mary because I've been through hell and some horrible things. That feeling that I had of inadequacy is gone. You gonna die being you. So you gotta constantly work on who you are to make sure that the stars align correctly. Life ain't easy and it's getting harder and harder. So If, you have a story to tell If you come through some trials with you, you need to share it 'cause you're gonna inspire someone. You're gonna, you're gonna give somebody the motivation to not give up, to not quit. Listen to Angie Martinez, IRL on the iHeartRadio app. apple Podcasts Or wherever you get your podcasts.


Wasn't real. They felt like ice. Ice didn't support Cleo in the way that Cleo supported Ice Ice a few months ago. You guys actually reported on this one. Jess was here. Shout out to Jess. There was a, a girl who came out who was a former best friend of ice spices and she actually revealed some text messages. In these text messages. The conversation was between her Ice Spice And I Ice was allegedly having a conversation about Nicki not even allegedly because Ice Ice actually talked about this after. So this did happen. She was talking about Nicki Minaj. She said Nicki Minaj was ungrateful. She also talked about Cleo in these text messages and, and basically just said the friendship wasn't really what it seemed to be. Oh Yeah, I saw that. And she can smell her na her nappy PPO from over here. Say that the same thing.


She didn't say Ppo. You gotta be careful throwing Nappy P PPOs on the, on the girls. Okay. Okay. Yep. So moving forward now, Cleo And, I Spice decide to go on tour together. Ice Spice reaches out to Cleo says, Hey, come on tour Cleo. Although Cleo has been known in building her brand way before Ice Spice. Ice Spice is the bigger artist right now. So Cleo's like, great. It's an opportunity. I'm gonna go, oh baby did it go back. Y'all good Unc, y'all got it? Yep, yep, yep. We got everything. Let's stick a listen to the Cleo video about her going on tour. The ending of July. I get a call from Ice Cleo, come on tour with me. I miss you. And I'm just like, girl, I'm not about to come on tour with you and watch you perform all month. Like I got, I got stuff that I can be doing, I can be getting money, I have opportunities in New York.


She's like, no, I want you to perform And I gag. You want me to perform. She ain't never ever, ever, ever brought me out on stage. I guess she's really trying to make up for that fake that got exposed a month ago. And I checked her about that. And even for her to apologize was like pulling teeth. Like, girl, you got caught calling your friend jealous for no reason. And her excuse was that I didn't speak up when I was asked if she was Nigerian. Like, and she said that you coulda at least said I was black. Like girl, I don't even know you. Okay. Look at any, listen, listen at any time you can wave your church fan and say help your UNC out. Okay, y'all good? Very good. Good. So, okay, so basically the interview that Cleo was talking about, because people have always been questioning ice spices background.


Like is she really black? Is she this, is she that? So as one of her close friends of, or what it appeared to be, Cleo was on the interview and the, in the interview they asked her about ice, spices, origin. Is she Nigerian? Is she black? Whatever. And. I and Cleo's. Like, I barely knew you at this time. So who am I to speak on your background? Okay. And Very honest answer. Yeah. Right. Okay. And from there she, she feels like things spiral, but she was saying that Ice Ice was trying to make it up to her and what I, so from there they decided to go on, go on tour. Now when they decided to go on tour and Cleo did like, I wanna say like a four or five part TikTok about this, it was HE double hockey sticks for Cleo. She said that there were points of the tour where there was hell yeah, hell, hell, they would help UNC out.


You missed it. I helped them. They would go out for to for food. Wouldn't even let Cleo know. She said that when they stopped in Philly, which is where all the drama she said started No Cheese sticks. No what? No, no cheeses sticks. Not even outta cheese sticks. No bags. Listen, not even outta cheese sticks. She said she had all these bags ice by sold her. Come on Tori. Don't worry about nothing, don't worry about money. You with me? You good. She had to carry her own bags from Backstage. She said she walked outside with the bags on her allegedly who was supposed To carry her bag. She, she wanted ice, spices security to help her out. Ice Vice is saying that's my security. Why would they help you out? Right. So basically Cleo is getting to the point that she feels like it's a colorism thing. She feels like Ice Spice is not a real friend. She wanted to see her struggle and now the people are up in arms and they are throwing all types of things at Ice.


Ice. But, Well, it's not Cleo Trapper's Tour. No, it's ICE's tour. And I mean even though Cleo Trapper was was her name Cleo Trapper? Yes. Yes. She was invited to be on the tour. I don't, that don't mean somebody gotta carry your Bag. Yeah, nobody's gonna carry your bags and it's a great opportunity. But now if Ice Spice said I got you and Cleopatra thinks that she has, she's getting some type of per diem or some monthly You know some weekly money to get food and all that. That's something that should have been worked out. Or if she's part of the show, like Cleo Pat, She, she is a part of the show, but she said her name wasn't even on the bill. They would put her on stage. They would say the show opens at like eight. Right. Hypothetically speaking. And Cleo would go on as go on at seven 30. Like she was never treated as a part of the show. She was never on the bill. But here's the thing. To your point Envy, when I was listening to Cleo and Cleo's, my girl, I love her and I'm a You know.


I I I spice, this is me being neutral. When I heard it, I in my mind, I said Cleo, your team should have stepped in at this point because now y'all doing business. Y'all now y'all not just home girls. Right. As an artist. If, you gonna get out there. You gotta you gotta know who's carrying the bags before my bags get put down. 'cause now you walking outside. She said it was pour raining. She's carrying bags, fans trying to take pictures. She's drenched. So she busted in the bathroom and told, says, I don't wanna have to carry no bags no more. And Ice Vice treated her crazy after that then hid when they went out to dinner, made her get on the tour bus. She Hid when they went out to do, They went out to a steakhouse. According to Cleo. Cleo said she was on that bus hungry. They invite her to the steakhouse Eating all the steak in front of me.


No, it ain't off me. No. Not even in front of her. In the back of her. 'cause she never knew they went to the steakhouse. She was hungry of her. Now wrapping this up, ice by team spoke out and they said that they spoke to Cleo's management, who at some point admitted that they should have did better business and that Cleo wasn't ready to take the opportunity. But at the same time, I mean that's your homegirl, you said you're looking out for your homegirl. Yeah. But but also You know every Ice Spice is giving her the opportunity and she's performing with seven, 8,000 people. And, and the and the fact that Cleo Trap can now be in front of those people, she took the opportunity Now her team, That don't mean you gotta treat the girl terribly Well. Her team should have worked it out the right way. I've been, I been on on a bunch of tours and, and they didn't pay me. I had to but me. I just used it to be But If, you knew I was hungry, you would feed me. That's right. If that's at least, least a little Mickey D's or something.


She said she was trying to walk to McDonald's anyway and it was in the Desert. If that's your, if that's your home girl, she should eat like you eat at least the food part. Obviously that's not a home girl. Right? That's She had to carry her own bags in the ring. That's right. Closing it up Ice Spice. Put on a, a poll on Twitter. She said, should I go to a steak house or go get a chicken salad? She, she said they couldn't get a chicken salad. I'm out. Mic drop. All right. All right. When we come back, we got front page news. Thank you. Lauren LaRosa. You welcome. Morgan welcome. Gonna be joining us. So don't go anywhere as The Breakfast Club. Good morning The Breakfast Club. Your mornings will never be the same. Morning everybody. It's the DJ NV Jess Solaris Charlamagne, the guy. We are The Breakfast Club. Lauren LaRosa filling in for Jess. And let's get in some front page news. What's up Morgan?


What up, what up? So President Biden says, the US has gone from an economic crisis to the strongest economy in The. World, you agree? No. Well, speaking at the kickoff event of the Investing in America content series on Tuesday, Biden touted what his administration has done since he took office to help boost the economy. Let's hear more from President Biden. Four Years ago when I came to office, the pandemic was raging and our economy was reeling. Four years later, we still have more to do, but we had one of the most extraordinary periods of progress ever in history of this country. Record 16 million new jobs record, small business growth, record stock, market record high 4 0 1 Ks. Wages are up, inflation's down, way down and continuing to come down and the smallest racial wealth gap in 20 years.


Is any of that true? I mean, it's all, it's all it's all true. But here's the problem with statements like that. You know I always say for who? Like You know who's the economy be better for. 'cause everyday working class people, they not feeling that You know. A lot of times You know they have those conversations and they come from a real corporate lens. They say the stock market, the stock markets are high. The people I'm talking about ain't got no stocks. Nope. You know. So it's just like, who, who, who are you talking to? And you say You know the economy is is the best in The World. That's What Iceberg Zo was talking about when he was up here. Like it's the trickle down. They don't fill it. No, but the trickle down never worked. Nope. Trickle down economics do not work. He also added that he signed legislation that brought the chip factories back to the us So there's that too.


Chips? Yeah. Yeah, chips signed The chips that going like your car and your phone and stuff. Oh, so you meant like the hers factory. You meant like potato chips. You Talking Yeah. Like that Hungry talking about you hungry Jesus Christ. Well, You know it's been a long night. Envy Listen. So meanwhile, chase Bank is saying the recent viral TikTok trend, if y'all are participating it, your chi your kids participating in it, they're saying Chase Bank is saying, Hey, it's really trek fraud. So yeah, don't do it. Over the weekend, videos of popular on the popular social media app showed users depositing fake checks for large amounts of money and quickly withdrawing the cash from their own account. Some users claim crazy. A glitch in the bank system allowed people to get the cash from the deposited checks.


Instead, those who tried to take advantage of the so-called Glitch later ended up seeing large negative balances on their accounts. And a statement Chase said the incident has been addressed and added. Regardless of what you see online, depositing a fraudulent check and withdrawing the funds from your account is fraud. Plain and simple. So yeah, don't do that. Y'all do not Like you had to know that they that like they just wasn't giving you like, come on. I love that. That's the type of jail time I like to see people get because how stupid can you be You know what you doing is wrong. You know what you doing is illegal. Like you going outta your way with intention to goddamn try to get you some free money that You know ain't yours, But You know us.


We going go And I love to see it go to jail. But how do we make it a viral TikTok sensation? Like dumb Everybody's online. Like y'all, y'all didn't see it over the weekend. Like I literally was like, wait, what is happening with Chase? Like everybody was online, they were posting photos from at atm, it was like a whole thing. No, it's a pro. And people were posting fake photos from the atm. Well that's Crazy. Look at this crime I'm committing. Hey Mr. White man, come lock me up please. That's bagging you to put me in handcuffs. It's Almost like the Hyundai boys that was doing that, that that viral thing that had, that'll teach you how to steal a car. Yeah. Like that don't seem crazy. And it goes and it goes viral once again. Yeah. That's the type of jail time I like to see people get you earn that. I like when they earn it, earn it, And then you're doing it with your own bank account. Listen, just don't, just don't mess with it.


Don't mess with the banks, don't mess with the checks, don't mess with the fraud. Just maybe off TikTok and just watch stuff. I don't know, don't, don't do stuff From TikTok. Imagine praying for that and thinking it's a blessing. Yo. Oh my gosh, you praying for some financial relief and something like that happened. That is not of God. The The pandemic boys thought they was back outside. Okay. Always remember Satan got a kingdom too, y'all Mm. Speaking of trying to get paid. Remember we were talking about the California slavery res reparations bills that aren't going anywhere. So Janelle King, the co-chair of Let's Win For America Action, she says, it's time to move on from the issue. Let's hear from her. The fact of the matter is we know that the reparations in which these individuals are seeking, it's not possible. It's not gonna happen.


We're not economically positioned to do it. The truth is, the reparations that we seek as a black American or as any American already exists is exists in the American dream. Mm. So what do y'all think about that? She said it's time to move on to seek reparations or not to seek reparations. That is the Question. I I, I disagree. I don't think it's something to move on from. I don't, I don't think reparations will ever come in some type of cash payout, but I do think reparations for You know black Americans is absolutely possible. I don't know what that will look like, but I don't think it's something to move on from. So the Senate bill stalled last weekend and the key and the key California lawmaker behind them is putting the blame on Governor Gavin Newsom.


That's Cal California's governor on Democratic state. Senator Steven Bradford confirmed the governor's office asked for more studies on the issue, effectively delaying any cash payments to those whose ancestors were enslaved. Bradford added that Newsom's a also cited cost concerns. That's what You know Janelle mentioned. She's saying it's not economically feasible and a Newsom spokesperson insisted that the governor is still working with the legislative black caucus on their reparations package. So it just might mean You know a matter of changing things around. Yeah, they, they, There has to be some type of economic equity package You know for, for, for what happened to You know us as black people in this country.


I don't know if that is a, a cash payment, but there has to be some type of economic equity package in some form. Nice, nice. Speaking of black people, You know we we here for our people, a new curriculum aimed at showing the contributions of people of African descent is coming to New York City Public Schools. The curriculum called Black Studies as the study of The World is about to roll out in public schools from preschool through 12th grade. Supporters say they have a such curriculum will help New York City students learn about the contributions made to the country by those of African descent as well as the challenges minorities in the US still face today. So shout out to y'all out there in New York.


There you go. So yep, that's your front page news. I'm Morgan Wood. You can follow me on social at Morgan Media. M-O-R-G-Y-N-M-E-D-I-A. And for more more news coverage, be sure you're following the Black Information Network at Black Information Network. Download the free iHeartRadio app and listen at BIN news.com. Y'all have a great, we thanks. Thank you Morgan. I'm upset at Lauren. The reason I'm upset at Lauren is because she did not tell us this whole story between Oh, okay. I thought it was time for me to throw. Who's the person? Cleo Trapper Cle Cle Trapper and Ice Spice. The UNC is entertained. I'm entertained. So UNC Is entertained play. I'm entertained. Play the food part. So Listen, that was a part of it. Didn't People that just joined us, they might not know what we're talking about during, I don't even know what we talking about, but it's funny.


Yes it is. Yes You do. Listen, remember y'all line, help your unc out whenever y'all need me. During Just with the Mess for Lauren LaRosa, she broke down a story between Ice Bite and her ex-friend Cleo Trapper, who's also an artist that Ice Spice brought on tour. Go. Yes. So basically she brought her on tour and according to Cleo Trapper, I'm gonna just call her Cleo. Cleo was treated horribly. She was not fed, she was mistreated and she, it was, it was just horrible. Now I expected to say something different. Now there's a part of the couple tiktoks that Cleo Trapper uploaded where she talks about a time where they came to her and said, Hey, production's ordering food. Right? Pick from here what you wanted. She made friends with the, with the hairstylist and makeup artist. So she like, I'm gonna just get what y'all get.


They like, oh, we getting a chicken salad, take a listen to this. The hairstylist shows me like a menu and stuff. She's like, oh, production and whatever. They're gonna order food for everybody. Pick what you want. I was like, okay, I'll get the chicken salad just like you. Like I'll just get a chicken salad. Then she shows me like a message where somebody from production is like, Cleo is not a part of the budget. I'm just like, how am I not a part of the budget, but y'all invited me on tour. Like, and why didn't they tell you that? Make sure Cleo good. Why is your production saying that? I'm not a part of the budget for a chicken salad, but y'all wanted to Show me So bad that I can't get nothing and that nobody is here for me. That I couldn't even get a chicken salad.


I yanked, I Was like, like, wow, this is corny. Why Cleo can't get no chicken salad? Because at she got in the budget, at that point, she had, according to Cleo, right, she had, she pissed Ice Spice off. And Ice Spice was like, listen, we ain't got nothing to do with her. She gonna figure it out on her own. Right? Hey, and they said, this is also, again, there was another food instance where Cleo claimed that they went to the steak house. They never called Cleo. She didn't even know they ate. She like, we not even gonna at least go to McDonald's. People like, oh, we not Hungry. What Rice spice say though? Ice Spice. Ice Spice What Ice Spice say. Come on, you all right? What she say? Lost. Lemme Check your face for stroke because what are you even saying right now? You gotta always hear both sides. So Ice, ice Spice responded this way. Go ahead. What had actually happened is that we added another tour bus.


So I'm like, now we have extra room. So I'm like, oh, let me see if Cleo wants to come. That's what the fuck I get for trying to be a good person. It's whatever, bro. Honestly, like You know. That's not gonna stop me from still trying to be a good person. Like, but just to leave out so many details is crazy. Like how you not going to tell the people we was on them rides at the theme park screaming our vocal cords out. I'm like, she was having fun. So for you to try to sit here and complain about a chicken salad, you got less than 10,000 listeners and I'm sharing my stage with you and you feeling so entitled. Like you thinking that my, my like my peoples that work for me is supposed to work for you too. How I'm in the shower. You going, you going to barge in while I'm but ass sneakers.


When she was in Philly trying to press me about some bags that you gotta carry some bags. Cleo said, you tripping off me. I'm not Cleo Cleo's Ice Ice Spice. Are you tripping off me? No. Look over a chicken salad. And I took you to Six Flags. Listen, you Six Flags expensive though. Six Flags expensive. If. you My girl you would've still had the chicken salad. Well let's open up the phone lines (800) 585-1051. Who's writing this situation? It's Ice Spice. Right? All Cleo Patcher. Cleo be happy you Cleo Trapper. Cleo I said Cleo Patrick Cle Trap. I'm sorry Cleo, be happy you didn't get the chicken salad because you are what you eat and there's some bird behavior going on there. Well, we gonna talk about it when we come back. 805 8 5 1 0 5 1. Does Ice Spice have a point?


Ice Spice said I put you onto my fan base. I put you on Six Flag. We was on the, I put you on to people that didn't know people who you're Cleo Trap said we supposed to be friends. Why couldn't I get a chicken salad? We friends though. No chicken salad. We friends though. Let's discuss it. The Breakfast Club board. I hate y'all. The Breakfast Club Holding everybody envy. Just hilarious Charlamagne guy. We are The Breakfast Club Nap. Just joining us, Lauren LaRosa filling in for Jess. Lauren has been breaking down Ice. Ice and Cleo Trappers beef online. Now you don't have to know who either one of these individuals are, but boy, this story is entertaining to me. You hear me? That's right. Well, just a a quick recap.


Ice Spice went on tour. She wanted to bring out, I Don't wanna hear from you, Lauren, gimme the recap. Ice Spice went on tour. She was like, that's what I just said. I'm gonna bring my home girl with me. You know get rid the platform. So she invited Cleo Trapper, who's also an artist in New York. Cleo Trapper says when she got on the tour, it was shady. They barely, not even barely, they didn't put her name on any of the bills. No one knew she was even on tour. Basically they made her start early. They didn't even feed her a lot of the You Didn't even give her no chicken salad. No chicken salad. But Ice Spice took her to Six Flags. They Ice Spice said, girl, we was having a time, we went To an amusement park. You Ain't Eat, was freaking out your lungs, But you was on this ride. Cleo Trapper said they put her on a bus, made her sleep for a couple hours and she woke up, thought they was in another state. They was in the same place because Ice Bus didn't wanna move.


The bus and Ice Bus said, I was just enjoying my time. Like, damn, Can we hear some of this audio? We hear who, what we got here, Lord, what we got. We might, what do we have the new one yet? We probably still got the chicken y'all the chicken salad. The, the more of this is Cleo Trap needs to voice some movies or something. Can I hear about the chicken salad again? The hairstylist shows me like a menu and stuff. She's like, oh, production and whatever. They're gonna order food for everybody. Pick what you want. I was like, okay, I'll get the chicken salad just like you. Like I'll just get a chicken salad. Then she shows me like a message where somebody from production is like, Cleo is not a part of the budget. I'm just like, how am I not a part of the budget but y'all invited me on tour. Like, and why didn't they tell you that?


Make sure Cleo good. Why is your production saying that I'm not a part of the budget for a chicken salad? Okay, now let spicy, but y'all wanted to show me so bad. Lemme hear ice spices reply to this already, please. Jesus Christ. What had actually happened, what had actually happened is that we added another tour bus. So I'm like, now we have extra room. So I'm like, oh, let me see if Cleo wants to come. That's what the fuck I get for trying to be a good person. It's whatever bro. Honestly, like You know that's not gonna stop me. From still trying to be a good person, like, but just to leave out so many details is crazy. Like how you not going to tell the people we was on them rides at the theme park screaming our vocal chords out like we was having fun. So for you to try to sit here and complain about a chicken salad, oh, you got less than 10,000 listeners Count.


Okay? Okay. Listen man. When a person from the Bronx starts off a story, what had actually happened, they about to spin you. Okay? And then she told Cleopatra, you may not have got no chicken salad. We a trap. I took you to Six Flags. Well, of course she Was name with her lungs out. All she had was her lungs. She was hungry. See, y'all gotta stop, right? And this is the reason why, allegedly She was hungry. Ice, ice Spice gave her a opportunity, right? Ice Spice is clearly the bigger artist, right? So she's allowing Cleo Trapper to get on stage in front of her audience. That don't mean treat me terribly, man. No, It does not mean treat you. Chicken. Chicken Salad. Chicken salad. Envy. Listen. But if there's a, it wasn't Ice Ice that said no, it's a budget. She asked the budget production and production chicken salad.


A chicken salad. It's not in production. And I chicken salad is $22. How Much is a chicken salad? But it's, it's,


This is Coke Zero sugar. Could I be the best Coke ever? Try and taste with your ears here. Those bubbles, imagine them tingling on your top busy deliciousness. Listen to that cascading liquid. A mouthwatering waterfall, irresistibly tasty, zero sugar, crisp, refreshing, and ice. Gold is Coke. Zero sugar. The best Coke ever. Try and decide The summer is heating up. So the next time you pop open a Coca-Cola or Coke Zero sugar. Prepare for ice cold drops from Coke Studio. New music from your favorite artists and their latest hits with drops from new jeans. Carol g Peggy goo usher, and Tyler plus live performances at the biggest festivals of the year. Grab taste that moves you. Scan your Coke, a Coke zero sugar 12 ounce can and unlock magic music moments all year long, no purchase necessary. 13 plus in 50 US DC and Canada. 18 plus for select prizes ends October 31st. Rules, eligibility and prize availability@cokeurl.com slash Studio usa. Promo Corp Wright 2024, the Coca-Cola Company.


I've been thinking about you. I want you back in my life. It's too late for that. I have a proposal for you. Come up here and document my project. All you need to do is record everything like you always do. One session 24 hours BPM 1 10, 1 20. She's terrified. Should we wake Her up? Absolutely not. What was that? You didn't figure it out. I think I need to hear you say It. That was Live Audio of a Woman's Nightmare. This machine is approved and everything you're allowed to be doing this, We passed the review board a year ago, are not hurting people. There's nothing dangerous about what you're doing. They're just dreams. Dream Sequence is a new horror thriller from Blumhouse Television, iHeartRadio and Realm. Listen to Dream sequence on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts.


I'm Angie Martinez. Check out my podcast where I talk to some of the biggest athletes, musicians, actors in The, World. We go beyond the headlines and the sound bites that have real conversations about real life, death, love, and everything in between. This life right here, just finding myself just, just relaxation. Just not feeling stressed. This not feeling pressed. This is what I'm most proud of. I'm, I'm proud of Mary because I've been through hell and some horrible things. That feeling that I had of inadequacy, it's gone. You're gonna die being you. So you gotta constantly work on who you are to make sure that the stars align correctly.


Life ain't easy and it's getting harder and harder. So If, you have a story to tell If you come through some trials with you. You need to share it 'cause you're gonna inspire someone. You're gonna, you're gonna give somebody the motivation to not give up, to not quit. Listen to Angie Martinez, IRL on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts or wherever you get your podcasts.


It is summer And on NPRs Planet Money podcast. That means it is time to grab your notebooks and your headphones and tune into the economics crash course for your ears. Planet Money Summer School is covering the economic history of The World from the birth of money to the Industrial Revolution to modern trade policy. We've got the lessons to keep you sounding smart at the beach with help from real economic historians. Every Wednesday until Labor Day. Listen to Planet Money from NPR on the iHeartRadio app or wherever you get your podcasts.


All in budgeting. That wasn't ice ice to set it. If if production ba, if the production budget is let's say 500 a Show. So all the girl is saying I wanted to eat. That's Fine. Where's the chicken salad? You guys' get a chicken salad from Sam's Club for 5 98. Yeah. Didn't order no damn Sam's Club and Cleo Trapper to me was just trying to be a good, a good, a good person because all she said was, look, I ain't even tripping. I just eat what y'all eat. Do you eating chicken salad? She was Trying at this point. She was trying to be modest because she knew. But it is A budget. Ice Spice wasn't fool would've That And I Spices production team is supposed to stay with the budget. And if it goes over budget, that comes outta ice. Spices money. Now, now if I invite you on tour with me, I'm paying for your, your your, your bus to to city to city.


I'm paying for your hotel from city to city. You gotta carry your own bags. You gotta pay for your own food. I agree with carrying bags. Doesn't have to be negotiated. But she should get per diem though. Well It has to be Negotiated. I don't know what business wasn't wasn't done in the beginning. It seems like a lot of that was missing. And I will say Ice Best Manager tweeted out James ro Roseman Jr. He said his team spoke, spoke to Cleo's team and a according to this Cleo's team admitted that his client is a hundred percent wrong and that they realized while she was on the tour, she didn't have the financial backing to be on the tour. Correct. But again, she said she had a day to prepare to go in the store. She called her the day before tour started and Cleo said the first thing I asked her was what do I have to pay? What am I financially responsible for?


And I Express said don't worry about it, you good? Oh well see. But And I will say there's only one little sense of entitlement in this. And that's the carrying the bags. Carrying your own bags is fine Cleo Travel. But I do disagree with ice. Ice. If that's your friend, I'm gonna make sure she gets some chicken salad. Okay? If I'm gonna take you to Six Flags, I can take you to chicken salad. I mean take you to get it and you can eat some chicken salad. It's it's the same price for sure. And if we close enough to where I can busting on you while you butt naked in the shower, They were supposed to be real homegirls. That's what I'm saying. She I thought we were sissies. Exactly. We that close where I can just bust in on you while you in the shower and no security and nobody stop me then I should be able to eat some chicken salads. She hungry Take I that she did that one time. Cleo said she wasn't, she ain't do that again on the tour.


They wouldn't even let her sit in ice Spices room allegedly, according to Cleo, after she performed, she was, I had nowhere to sit. I wasn't even allowed to go in her room. She came backstage one time. Her bags was sitting outside ice ice door. That's how You know Cleo Trap ain't no stud though because boy they'd never let ad bust in that room like that. They would ate a hungry. Shush. They would ate a hungry in the shower. Well let's go to the phone lines (800) 585-1051. Who was right and who was wrong? We got nay on the line. Nay. Good morning Here. Good morning. Who was right and who was wrong? Cleo is right. Ice is wrong period. Ice is weird. Like that's weird behavior. If, you are a real girl, a real woman, a real friend. You don't do lame stuff like that.


I agree. Okay, thank you Mama. I agree. I Agree with that. Hello. Who's this? What's going on? Good morning. It's Lamar. Lamar. What's up brother? Chicken salad and Steak Lamar, what should Cleo Travis been eating? Yeah, Honestly she should have, she should be honored to be on tour. She must have never seen Backstage with Jay-Z and DMX because when you on tour, you on your own and, and You know I'm a boiler man. I got a YouTube channel. Boiler Heroes as a tradesman. If I give you an opportunity to come work, I'm not buying you lunch. I disagree with that because I guarantee you with the Backstage tour they had a spread. I guarantee they had a spread for the artist. Guaranteed. Guaranteed. But I'm saying though, even on a normal level of, as a normal person, if I give you a job, If, you want a job If, you If you broke and you ain't working.


And I got an opportunity to give you a job. Come work with me. I gotta buy you lunch too. It depends. I mean, if, if I just gave you a job, I if I just gave you a job. And what did the Jimmy Roseman, what did the manager say? Oh, that she wasn't financially stable enough to be on Top. That that's what he said. That Cleo's manager admitted to him. Sometimes When you first get a job, man, you don't get paid for a couple of weeks. Yeah. So You know If. You're not getting paid for a couple of weeks. I'm gonna hold that down For you. Yeah. But I, I've been on tour before and everything is negotiated. Right. You have to know what you have to pay before you go out there. Like when you go on tour. Yep. When I was on tour, they, I I pay, I I slept in the tour bus. They gave me a room and then I had to pay for everything else. I had to pay for my own food. What? I had to pay for all that out. Huh?


What'd you eat? Whatever he could find. At that time it was whatever McDonald's. It was either fa it was fast forward All the time. Well, lemme tell y'all my girl Cleo said she tried to go to McDonald's, but they was like in the desert. Right. So McDonald's was so far they didn't wanna walk 'cause they thought they was gonna be bit by rattles snakes, right? No. So She said, she said no Worse and worse. They Trying to figure out just to walk to McDonald's whole time. Everybody had the steak. They went to the steakhouse. They, yo Cleo is hilarious. Like, And that's her real, where Cleo From? Cleo is from New York. I don't know what part of New York because she's from, I gotta look it up. But she's from, she's from here. Ice Spice wasn't her real friend then. They they were just Business. That's all the point. No, that Was her real Friend's. No way in hell my friend can't eat some goddamn chicken salad, man.


Because if any of my friends, if I ate and they couldn't eat, they gonna, they gonna smack me with my plate. So nobody eats it. Why you just coming around to this point? That's what we've been saying from the beginning. We, but, but I'm saying that it is business. This is business Ice spice production to you. It's Is also being a human. Yeah. But I have friends say I'm a human. I have friends that when we do business together, we had And I had to learn this. It's a hard lesson to learn. Cle I hope you learned it here. We had to learn how to bring our managers into the conversation. Yes. And still be friends. Yes. 'cause it's certain things that I can't perform. Well if I ain't ate, I'm, she said she was struggling in the rain with the banks. By the way, I don't, I don't need no manager to, to let my friend get some chicken salad. No, but I mean but That was the production team that said no, it wasn't Ice Spice that said can't Have no chicken.


Lemme know the budget in the beginning so I know what I gotta accommodate. Mind you Cleo, it was just Cleo. Y'all only budgeting Cleo this talk. But the production Team, four, two, y'all. It wasn't an ice spice that said no. The production team says that's not in the, the daily budget. And I'll say, you what? How poor is this Ice Spice toff that they rationing out chicken salad. That the production team is so tight that they rationing out chicken salad. It's not about so tight is everything has a budget. Food budget might be a thousand dollars. No man. Light and sound might be 10,000. Ain't chicken salad bro. Hotels might be 2000. Everything has a budget. We got the audio. Oh, here you go. Let's, we got audio off You. And I gonna tell the people how we was at a Italian restaurant and you ate so much food. You Vacuum because you was hungry.


Was like, where did the food go? Like stop it right now. You ate bettering Days. Ice Spice. That's all she had with Ice. Ice. She was hungry. She hadn't eaten in days. What's wrong with you? Ice Spice. Oh my God. Ice you. God damnit. What did I tell y'all? The craziest people in America come from the Bronx in all of Florida. Ice Spice is mad at this girl for being hungry. We took I to the Italian restaurant and she ate all the pasta. 'cause she had eaten days. If she'd ate the chicken salad a couple days ago, she wouldn't have been so hungry at the Italian restaurant Ice. All right, what the hell is going on? All right, we'll take you more calls when we come back at The Breakfast Club Morning. Amy said, well, she gave her opportunity so she better hear. That's A big opportunity to be in front of all those people. Morning everybody. What wrong with Ice Spice? CJ Envy.


Jess. Hilarious. Charlamagne the guy We are. The. Breakfast. Club. Lauren la Rosa. Filling in for Jess. All right, now break it down. What's going on please? So my girl, Cleo, Cleo Trapper, who's an artist from New York, she got invited on tour by a friend, ice Spencer. What she thought was a friend when she got on tour, everything went downhill and they were no longer friends. She said she was not fed Ice. Ice paid for the bus. Right? Ice. Ice did have the buses. In the hotel. In the hotel. Okay, hold on. But Wait. And took her to Six Flag. But hold on there. This is, this is, this is the tea about the hotel. There was even one point where Cle listen, Cleo is the new Reisa. She broke it down in parts on TikTok. Okay. I was watching these parts of eating crabs yesterday and I'm like, wow. There was one part where she Done knew Reisa. Yes. There was one part where Cleo said she knew Reisa.


There was one part where Cleo said they're at You said they're saying at five Star Hotels. Cleo asked in advance, what do I have to be financially responsible for? Never Hotels never mentioned I Spices Lil Boo. Allegedly. Who is Riot? Who? People have been wondering if Ice Spice is dating Riot or not. Cleo said Riot popped up on the bus. So she had to not sleep in her area on the bus. But also, hold on. Now you Introduced to new characters to the who's, what's Going on here? Remember what I said? Riot's the producer. He's the Producer. That's what, that's when you let me know. Red scripture Was I got you. I'm with you. So Riot comes. So then now Cleo has to get a new tour. Not a new tour. Cleo has to move where she's at in the tour, but she can't sleep in the back with Ice. Ice. And also she has to get a hotel from home. Oh, she was Sleeping with Ice.


Ice in the bed with ice. I I Yo it's a whole tea. Okay. Okay. So when they get to the hotel, they're on the elevator with, but people are on the elevators, not just Ice by. And Cleo now Ice by says you not gonna get your own room. And Cleo like Girl, I coulda got my own room. But why? You had to stand in front of everybody like that. And this is a five Hotel. So Ice, ice and Cleo Trapper was staying together this whole time Because Ice by said to her, you with me, you good. So it was supposed to be arranged where Cleo was like, she was getting dressed in her dressing rooms. They were sharing hotel rooms. They were like basically trying to like work the budget. Okay, this is too much. Let's go back to the food. Okay. Okay. So Cleo Trap, Cleo Trap wanted some chicken salad. They wouldn't give her no chicken salad.


No. They went to the steakhouse without Cleo Trap. Didn't even tell her. When Cleo Trapper finally decided when she finally got to eat, this is what Ice Spice says about her finally getting to eat. You not gonna tell the people how we was at an Italian restaurant and you ate so much food, you vacuum that. The server was like, where did the food go? Like stop it right now. She was hungry. Ice, ice, ice. That right there. Ice. Ice. You guilty is charged. Wait, that wasn't admission of guilt. Why? The girl is saying she hungry. The girl is saying Ice Spice wouldn't let her eat no chicken salad. So when she finally did get to eat, she eats everything and Ice Spice shames a fort. But see, but that's, but that's that young girl's business. The management should have sh should have set it up. So she had a per diem. So she had food that they figured all this out.


Like this is business. This is Business 1 0 1. You're an Artist. It seems like slop Business. And you signed, you said she signed. So it's not like She said yes Because an artist does not signed. She signed, she has Distribution. Yeah. 'cause Cleo said had she had known in advance what she had to put out money for her label would've helped her some go to. So she would've been, yeah, this Is, this is, Did you point that she had to walk to McDonald's with rattlesnakes? She didn't even walk. No, she, I don't even know how she ate that day. Alright, let's go to the phone line. She probably Ate a rattlesnake Up. Hello. Who's this? This is Chantel calling from Big 8 0 3. Big Metro. What up Metro. What's your thoughts mama? So I feel like Ice Spice is definitely wrong because how you invite your friend somewhere. And I. Make sure she eats. She talking about going to Six Flags.


What about the food though? What about the food? I need some, I need some food. Bump the Six Flags. Make sure I'm eating and then you gonna get mad at me after when you invited me And then gonna get mad after I eat going got the nerve to shame me. 'cause I went to a restaurant and ate everything 'cause I was starving. So Ice Spice basically felt like she was, Cleo was trying to be entitled. Hello? Who's this? Hello. This is Ja. Hey Ja, what's your thoughts? I feel like Ice Spice is on some BS because at the end of the day, first of all, you reached out to this girl when y'all had y'all little beef. You could have just left it where it was at. Then second of all, If, you tell your friend family, anybody, I got you. Everybody know what that means?


So for you to instantly go with your reply being, oh, you only got 10,000 people listening to your, she was ready for that because Cleo was known for addressing stuff You know what I'm saying? So she knew Cleo was gonna come You. know what I'm saying? Talking about it. So she was ready for that. I feel like she wanted some beef behind that. Okay. I still feel like Cleo thought Ice Ice was a friend. We, she figured out that it wasn't her true friend and that her management team should have set this up better. Her management team should have took care of business and protected her. She shouldn't be carrying on badge Management. Management shouldn't be involved when it comes to matters of friends. If I'm your friend, if we're Going on the road and it's has to do Your, if I'm your friend And, I'm telling you I'm hungry and You know that I'm not eating.


You should take care of me. But also to, so, so I especially If you the friend. Nothing in a better financial position. I agree With that. It's just that simple. I feel like when, when I say to my friend, I got you. I'm saying I know your situation right now. Don't worry about it. You know what I, I mean If you Gonna shame me when I go to a restaurant and eat but am Going back and forth. That's where the shame happened. Like we going back and forth. That's what you thought about me in that moment. Listen, because forget to going back And forth. You were at me. So I went back at you. My girl Ice Spice got on Twitter and posted a poll. She said, Hmm, what should I do for dinner steakhouse or chicken salad? Then like now you dragging it, right? Yeah. Listen, you gotta be very careful and you should be very humble life spice. 'cause you can end up right back to City Island. What's that place in the Bronx? It's City Island. City Island. It's City island. It it, them tables turned just that fast.


So Cleo in her final video one day eat chicken salad The next day. That chicken salad eating you. I don't even know what that meant, but it sounded, it made Sense. It hit I see what you meant. It it Hit a little bit. Hit a little bit. You See what I did ate That? Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah. Period. You ain't got Cleo Patrick's number. Why you ain't call Cleo Patrick this Morning? I still got my girl. So I was talking to them yesterday and we were trying to figure it out. I don't know if it was too early for my girl or not, but they like, she, she wanted to talk. She wanted to call in. She wanted to, she said she had some more to get off her chest. Well what's the moral of the story? The Moral of the story is I know stud love when I hear it, I know when lesbians got each other in a figure four leg. Glock. Okay, I know when two women's favorite artists is scissor. Shut up man. Alright. I just wish they would've had her business. Right. Because going on tour with anybody, especially that a big artist as I Spices, because I'm sure she sells out those shows.


All right. It's a good opportunity. I just wish she would've had the business. Right. So she could have really You know, Not like they was on that bus playing paper rocks. Okay, My girls like that. Don't get my like that. Huh? Don't do that. Because What? Sharing rooms together. Oh, you talking quarrel to me. We shadow a room last night for it to be close to the studio. Don't sound like A love was qua to y'all. No, it sounds like a shady. I thought you the Six Flags Now Charlemagne is saying, right, like we was together. Your boo came, you put me to Side. That's What I'm saying. And now I Charlamagne saying, Got this, I'm stand up and show your little stud outfit you got on today. That little diggy suit that say plastics on it. Yeah. Yeah. Okay. A lover's quad.


What's The scene when you when she at In the tunnel. That's what it sound like to me. Cleo, was she in the tunnel and the cops come? You don't, I wasn't in the tunnel. She was outside the tunnel. She You know what I'm talking, she Outside You know what I'm talking. She had already got outside the But tunnel. But this is, this is Phil like Yeah, Yeah. Big stud Energy. Somebody said Ice Spice is a big artist. Question mark. She Ice Spice Is a huge artist. She is. Then I see a lot of scissor emojis in the, in the comments right now. No, it's giving just, Yeah. Right. You didn't have to invite me like, like you could let me home. Cleo said she had a man at home. You could left her home with her. Man girl. All right. Well I hope y'all work it out. Cleo Trapper, you are hilarious. Do, Do you follow her On Instagram? No I don't. But I Might follow Cleo Trapper on Instagram. Y'all, she will not disappoint. Tell Cleo Trapper come up here.


We'll have a whole chicken salad spread for her You. know what I'm saying? You treat her. Matter of fact, Cleo Trapper hit me up. Tell me what your cash app is. I'm gonna send you a couple dollars. You know for the laughs that you provided me this morning and for some chicken salad. She A morning chicken salad. Now you gotta get a steak. Okay? Yeah, my girl gonna want a steak. Don't expect anything more from me than you wish for your friends Cleo Trap. Alright, we got just with the Mess. Coming up with Lauren La Roast. Don move's The. Breakfast Club. Good morning. Morning everybody. It's the J Envy just Larry Charlamagne guy. We are The Breakfast. Club. Let's get to Jess with the Mess with Lauren. LaRosa is real. Jessica Robin Moore just don't do no lying. Don't She don't spare nobody Worldwide.


Jess Worldwide mess on The. Breakfast Club. She's the coach. Who With Lauren? Lauren Osa. I'm back. And. I got the mess. Talk to me. All righty. So Blue Face's Dad decided that he wanted to have a first birthday for Chaw Jr. Which is Blue Face's Son. Now can anyone guess what's wrong with that? No. What's wrong with it? That's, Well, that's the granddaddy, but that's Grand Pops. The baby was not at the celebration. What? From what we saw. And You know. We both, we all know that the parents are currently locked up right now. What do you mean? So let, let's take a listen to the video and then we'll get into some of the details.


Take a listen morning, Top of today. I'm y'all wanting to wish Kan Junior happy first birthday. Hope you have an amazing blessed day. Free Blueface. Also, we all hoping that they free kan within the next week so that she's able her and Junior to go online and open up all you guys' beautiful gifts. Thank you so much, much love. Couldn't do it without you. Once again, happy first birthday, Kan Jr. Papa Blue loves you and miss you. Peace. I'm All, all I hear is a granddaddy wishing his grandchild a happy birthday. What's the problem? You heathens. So people are upset because number one, the mom and dad aren't there, but it's like they're not going to be there. We know that they're both locked up.


That that was a bit of an update though. He said that. Who are People? People online. Oh Lord. Yeah. So the reaction to this video was what in The, World is wrong with him? Why would you have a birthday for these kids? Even blue Face's. Mom reacted to this video kind of calling him out for having the party without them there and like all that. And it's like they're locked up. What are they going to do? Who? Oh, was the kid, was the child. There was the, was the child There? The child was not there. Wait, so how did he have a Party? It wasn't even like a, it was like a, he had it set up like a party and Yeah. Balloons, tables and a cake. But no kid There. I didn't see a cake, but there was like a, the banner, there was a bunch of gifts. And he said in the video, hopefully Kan will be home soon. So her and the baby can open the gifts that I guess whoever got the baby for the first birthday, Y'all gotta prove to me that the child wasn't there.


We don't see the child at all in the video. And he's talking to the video as if he's speaking to the child who is absent. Like If. you listen to the video, he's, wait, Wait. So did he just buy gifts and say, I'm, I'm gonna give you these gifts when, when you come home? Or is he having like cake, balloons, banners, music? Did he have like You know the Ninja Turtles pop out. Like I'm confused. I I ain't see the full party, but it was a party set up. Like there's gifts, there's a birthday, happy birthday banner, first birthday. Like it's in the crib. Like it's giving very much first birthday. Well, it's The thought that counts. And I. No kid is There. It's the thought that counts. That's, that's if all these girls can sit around and try to manifest men and You know, set their tables and Remember I had picked this up to throw that set you out there. Right. I'm just simply saying that I don't see nothing wrong with that.


What that what that brother did. I, I mean listen, if this is how he wants to You know, Celebrate his grandchild And and record the memory. Yes. And You know what I mean? Because he wants, when Chaw and Blueface do finally get home, he wants to because you only get one birthday. Right? Maybe that's how he wants to do it. But the kids Not, the child Is not there. Now, in addition to that, there were other conversations online just about the fact that like, number one, parents go all out for these first birthdays anyway and the kids don't even remember it. So it's like you doing all this and not only is the child not there, but the child, such Child, even child's happen. Some people like, why, who are these people talking? Do they have kids? Okay, jd, Vince, I'm just saying If, you don't have kids. You don't understand what's wrong with having a child's first birthday? Why? First of all, why y'all complain about everything online? All I keep hearing is complaints. I'm mad that he had the birthday party.


I'm not, I'm mad that people have birthday party. Is that what y'all do on social media all day At the playing? I'm not, I'm not mad at the party. But there was no people there. I think it's dope because when that child gets older, he's gonna realize how much his granddaddy loved him. 'cause guess what? Your two parents were locked up on your first birthday. And. I wasn't able to see you for whatever reason. But I still threw you a party when he, when that child is older and his grand, his, his granddaddy can show him that that's, that's gonna make that child feel good. But he wasn't there. He wasn't there to open up a gift. He wasn't there to blow out the candle. I mean, The circumstance that they're, I'm the circumstance that they're in right now is, is a bit odd, we would admit. Right? Exactly. Like it's, it's not the normal situation. So it's like guess but the Parents are locked, but so where's the baby? Who has the Baby? I'm not for sure. I, I don't even remember who has the at this Point, all I know is that young man, when he gets older, he gonna appreciate what his granddaddy did for him, whether he was there or not.


You think so? Yes. Because I mean be he'll be able to look back on it because it's a video. Yes. But do y'all think that kids actually remember or value first birthday parties? I don't know if they remember 'em, but I know that in that moment when you see your little 1-year-old child and they having their little smash cake or they playing with they balloons or whatever, they enjoy that moment. Because I always felt like, I mean, I'm a, when I have my babies, the twins, their first birthday, their first birthdays are going to be,


This is Coke zero sugar. Could I be the best Coke ever? Try and taste with your ears. Hear those bubbles. Imagine them tingling on your top busy deliciousness. Listen to that cascading liquid. A mouthwatering waterfall, irresistibly tasty, zero sugar, crisp, refreshing, and ice. Gold Is Coke. Zero sugar. The best Coke ever. Try and decide The summer is heating up. So the next time you pop open a Coca-Cola or Coke Zero sugar. Prepare for ice cold drops from Coke Studio. New music from your favorite artist and their latest hitch with drops from new jeans. Carol g Peggy goo usher and Tyler plus live performances at the biggest festivals of the year. Grab taste that moves you. Scan your Coke, a Coke zero sugar 12 ounce can and unlock magic music moments all year long, no purchase necessary. 13 plus and 50 US DC and Canada. 18 plus for select prizes ends October 31st. Rules, eligibility and prize availability@cokeurl.com slash studio usa. Promo Corp Wright 2024, the Coca-Cola Company.


I've been thinking about you. I want you back in my life. It's too late for that. I have a proposal for you. Come up here and document my project. All you need to do is record everything like you always do. One session 24 hours BPM 1 10, 1 20. She's terrified. Should we wake her up? Absolutely not. What was that? You didn't figure it out. I think I need to hear you say it. That was live audio of a Woman's Nightmare. This machine is approved and everything you're allowed to be doing this. We passed the review board a year ago. Or not hurting people. There's nothing dangerous about what you're doing. They're just dreams. Dream Sequence is a new horror thriller from Blumhouse television, iHeartRadio and Realm. Listen to Dream sequence on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts.


I'm Angie Martinez. Check out my podcast where I talk to some of the biggest athletes, musicians, actors in The World. We go beyond the headlines and the sound bites that have real conversations about real life, death, love, and everything in between. This life right here, just finding myself just, just relaxation this not feeling stressed, this not feeling pressed. This is what I'm most proud of. I'm, I'm proud of Mary because I've been through hell and some horrible things. That feeling that I had of inadequacy is gone. You're gonna die being you. So you gotta constantly work on who you are to make sure that the stars aligned correctly. Life ain't easy and it's getting harder and harder. So If, you have a story to tell. If you've come through some trials with you, you need to share it. 'cause you're gonna inspire someone. You're gonna, you are gonna give somebody the motivation to not give up, to not quit. Listen to Angie Martinez, IRL on the iHeartRadio app apple Podcasts or wherever you get your podcast.


It is summer and on NPRs Planet Money podcast. That means it is time to grab your notebooks and your headphones and tune into the economics crash course for your ears. Planet Money Summer School is covering the economic history of The World from the birth of money to the Industrial Revolution to modern trade policy. We've got the lessons to keep you sounding smart at the beach with help from real economic historians Every Wednesday until Labor Day. Listen to Planet Money from NPR on the iHeartRadio app or wherever you get your podcasts.


Don't laugh at her. Don't laugh at her. Don't laugh. I'm drinking some tea. Don't laugh. She's putting it in the atmosphere. Okay, so listen, so she can do that. But Blue Faith Granddaddy can't do what he did. You see what I be saying? I never said he couldn't. I'm not one of the people that said he couldn't. Oh, okay. Just making sure. So don't throw the shots over this way. Okay? Just making sure Remember. Okay. Alright, now, continue. When you have the twins, yes, They're, I'm gonna go all out their first birthday party. And. I. Don't wanna hear nothing from nobody because I wanna remember, yes, my celebrating the first time that I get to celebrate a birthday party with my kids. That's like Lauren having a baby shower next week. Whoa. Not envy And You. know what else you do. We Was all good about a week ago. What happened? I'm just asking. Well listen to what Lauren just said. 'cause it's true, right? Even if the 1-year-old can't remember it.


You take videos, you take pictures and you show them later in life of a party That nobody's there. Envy. Yesterday was your birthday, you posted mad pictures of you as a child. You don't remember none of that. But you like the memories of those pictures when you look back at 'em like, oh this is me when I was one. This is me when I was a Baby. I'm fly. That's why I just, oh, I was a cute baby. It's, it's gonna be the same thing when you, you throw a party for your 1-year-old but nobody's Dead for the party. It's not like I'm Talking about people that just like I'm talking about us when we throw parties for our kids. Oh yeah, yeah. Even if they can't remember. Oh yeah. Yeah. You show them later in life. Absolutely. And they appreciate it. It's for the baby. Yes. And what that granddaddy did was for the baby too. Whether regardless if he was the baby was dead or not. But have You guys have heard that though as parents? Like no one's ever told you like you doing all this for the baby and they ain't even gonna remember. Course Can say that all the time, but it's my baby.


I don't care what they say. Especially, Especially If. you ain't got no kids, especially If. you ain't got no kids. Why you looking at you like that? No, I'm not looking at You Know because I just told y'all like I'm going, we gonna be floating on clouds. I'm gonna find somewhere to buy a cloud for my baby. That's Right. Because you got twins, right? Yeah. Lyrica legend. Oh, you got names and everything already? Yes. Oh Yeah. Got stop play With me. God ain't gonna let that happen. Lyric and legend. No, Mine's the baby shot. Alright. All right. 'cause You know it's a lot of backend work that I gotta do to get there. A lot of Backend work. Well I would like to say though, I do wanna say, 'cause I was talking to Lauren about this earlier, I'm a stern believer that If, you can't celebrate someone else's success then you will probably never experience any success of your own. Right. If, you gotta clap for other people because you will want folks to clap for you when it's your turn.


Yep. With that said, yep. If, you want kids and your man when you was with him. Yep. Got another woman pregnant. Whoa, Whoa, whoa. Why'd you Throw that in? You should clap for that woman. Oh, another Thing. Okay. She got what she want for y'all. I'm in here committing battery assault. All of the, why wouldn't Lauren above Wouldn't Lauren, why Lauren? Why wouldn't Lauren root for this woman man? What woman? That her ex got pregnant. Whoa. What happened? Well that's a topic. Is it a topic? I think so too. I the same thing. Emmy. What? The Emmy? I was Thinking the same thing. Let's what?


I wanna ask, why would you be hurt when someone has a baby? Like No. Why wouldn't you cheer for that woman? If. you want a child In your relationship? Learn to clap for people if someone has a baby. Learn to clap for people when they win. Lawrence. See, that's the man. That's the problem. There's some situations I ain't paying it forward. Y'all got me child. Alright, We gonna talk about after donkey Clap. My hands is broke. Who You Even donkey too. Four after the hour. We need this doctor in Florida to come to the front of the congregation. We'd like to have a word with him. Alright. And then after, so lemme just clear 'cause I you just throw it. So Lauren's X, This ain't really got nothing do with that. It's just about learning to clap for people's. We, we had started talking about it really Ain't got Lauren's X got somebody telling her she needs to learn to be happy for people. And you want Clap For that.


Learn to be happy for people when they got something that you want. Yo. Okay. Yo. That's all I'm saying. What happened to the first birthday? I don't know. I Don't know. Don is Y'all. You don't remember that? Wow. This is Awkward. It's The, Breakfast, Club. Good morning Your chicken out. The Breakfast Club. Craziest people in America. I really got Bronx. It's time for don't give. We in the down in the, The craziest people in America come from the Bronx and all the pool. He laughed. Why Does the Sunshine State consistently produce such strange News?


If I catch all as traffic a whisper, y'all. It is just one of the many wacky news stories out of Florida on The Breakfast Club. Oh man. Oh Lord Donkey. Today for Wednesday, September 4th goes to a general surgeon by the name of Dr. Thomas Shaq Noki and the hospital's Chief Medical Officer Dr. Christopher Bani. Now what does Uncle Shawla always tell you about the great state of Florida? The craziest people in America come from the Bronx and all of Florida and today is no exception. Now rest in peace to William Bryan who was visiting Florida from Alabama. Yes. Him and his wife were visiting their rental property in Okaloosa County when he suddenly began experiencing lower left abdominal pain.


So they did what anybody with a liquor sense does in a situation like that. They went to the hospital to see what the issue was. Okay. The Ascension, sacred Heart and Road Coast Hospital in Walt CNN County, where he was admitted for further observation over concerns about an abnormality of spleen while Dr. Thomas Shaki and Dr. Christopher Baney persuaded, persuaded the family who was described as reluctant to undergo surgery at the hospital. Or he could experience serious complications if he left the hospital. So Brian, who was 70 years old, agreed. And the doctors underwent a hand assisted laparoscopic splenectomy procedure.


Yeah. Then that surgery got some names on them. Now in the middle of the surgery, Dr. Shaki removed Brian's liver by transecting the major VAs tour supplying the liver. I know this story. Hate to see you come in. I'm telling you, Jesus, I I, I don't, I don't know what any of that means, but this is all you need to know. The liver had nothing to do with nothing. Okay? The doctor mistakenly removed a man's liver. It was the wrong organ. Okay? And the surgical cut resulted in immediate and catastrophic blood loss resulting in death. Then the doctor labeled the liver as a spleen, okay? They didn't identify it as a liver until after the man's death. Then the doctor tried to explain to the man's wife, Beverly Bryan, that her husband's spleen was so diseased that it was four times bigger than usual and had migrated to the other side of his body.


Now this is, this isn't even the doctor's first rodeo with this kind of stuff. Back in 2003 he had a, he had a wrong site surgery where he supposedly removed a portion of a patient's pancreas instead of performing the intended adrenal gland resection. And the case was settled in confidence. I don't even know what that means either, but I need to know why would anyone be confident in Dr. Shaki after repeatedly committing medical malpractice like this? I've told you all before, there are certain jobs that just don't allow you to make mistakes because those mistakes can cause someone their life. Police officers and surgeons are absolutely at the top of that list. And not only should Dr. Shaki be sued for everything he's got, his license should be taken away.


He shouldn't be allowed to dissect a frog in a middle school classroom. Okay? His wife, Beverly Bryan has retained a law firm to get justice for her husband and is hoping the general surgeon no longer treats patients. She said And I agree with her. She doesn't want anyone else to die due to his incompetence. And they should have known or knew he had previously made drastic life altering surgical mistakes. Now, I know y'all might not believe nothing I say because I can't pronounce anything And I have a lisp. But let's listen to Beverly's lawyer tell to tell. We've got a client that underwent a surgery that was supposed to be a spleen surgery spleen ectomy, where they remove your spleen 'cause you don't technically need your spleen to, to live. And the physician mistook his liver for the spleen, which is obviously on the other side of your body and removed our client's liver, which unfortunately killed him on the table there.


And, and then proceeded to call it a spleen. Once we got the case this week, we looked into this gentleman's background. His name is Doctor, we'll put his picture up. His name is Dr. Sha Kovski. Once we did some research into him, we found out that this was not the first time he had done a wrong site surgery. And in the recent past, the last two or three years, he actually operated on somebody and he was intending to take out an adrenal gland and he ended up taking out part of the pancreas of another patient. Now, north Walton Doctor's Hospital has disassociated itself with shaky and have removed all photos and references to the doctor from its website. And all the hospital got to offer of the family right now is thoughts and prayers.


And would you like to know what was actually causing the pain? What? What? He had a small cyst on his ple. Wow. Some donkey today just sell themselves. Please give Dr. Thomas Shaki and the hospital's chief medical officer, Dr. Christopher Ani the biggest haw Damn. All because he mistook a liver for a spleen. Lord have mercy. I said that doctors are really, they're human in, they're trial and error and they're testing and they're, they studying books like some stuff You know your Body. Yeah, But There's certain things you, you should know that if you're a doctor, know the difference between your a liver and a spleen.


No, I'm trying to tell you. You'd be Surprised. Alright, well now let's get to you. Leave me alone and Let get to Lauren. We, we did so great last night. We had such a good time. We Did. We had a great time. It was big bro energy. That's right. And now we in here today and you picking sides with a domestic terrorist? No, No. This really don't have nothing to do with Lauren. It was just a conversation we was having. I was just Oh, you just on shots. Did we, Did we have a conversation? I was just telling Lauren that You know you gotta celebrate other people's success. Why? And why? Where did this come from? Because she was Well you could tell me. Tell him Lauren, you tell what you Said. I don't, I don't remember. I do you tell I could tell her, tell, tell. I could tell her. You could tell. I didn't Remember how this came up. She was telling me about an ex and she, Oh, no, no, no.


I remember. Okay, we were talking about Kirk and Rashida from Love and Hip Hop Atlanta. Okay. And recently the, the scenes have been posted because their storyline is about the girl, the side girl that Kirk got pregnant and that whole situation. And you got triggered. I did. I was in here like, listen, if I was Rashida And, I've met Kirk and Rashida. I love them, amazing people. If I was Rashida, I could not do that in front of The World. Because you said your I've been through that before. Yes. And it is very hurtful. Your ex got another girl pregnant. He did. And so what I told her is she need to learn to celebrate other people's success as I'm in here basically saying like, it's so hurtful. You can barely think through a time like that. You break it down every day.


It hurts. 'cause that's a whole human being and you gotta love a baby. And you, you choosing to be with the man. He says to me, celebrate other people's success. That's right If. you can't celebrate somebody else's success and you'll probably never experienced any success of your own. Learn to clap for other people because that young lady that your ex got pregnant got something that you wanted. Wow. Which is kids one day. Right. Whoa. And is she still with your ex now? Oh okay. At least she got the kids. I'm just Saying. Yeah. At least she got that. So what is If? you want kids and your man gets another one pregnant. I Don't want just a clap for that woman. I don't want just a kid though. I want a family. I wanna be happy. I don't want mess. I'm with Lauren And. I ain't clapping For that. I'm not clapping for that. 'cause that's not what I want. I want a man that is dedicated to me.


I want man, that is my husband. I'm talking about the man. You asked me what did she get? And. I told you she she got a baby. And that's not what I want. I want a family. But she but you, you want a healthy pregnancy one day. I do want a healthy pregnancy. That's Right. So clap for that woman. Don't she got what you want? What is the Question? Cheer for her. Are we asking for her? Should Lauren clap and will Lauren root for her? No. Just learn to celebrate other people's Success. Said, I'm glad you played clap. 'cause I ain't clapping. The X thing really ain't got nothing to do with nothing that you put celebrating other people's success. Yeah. But shouldn't you celebrate other people's success? Not All the time And no shade. No shade to any of the babies in the situation. Because beautiful baby boy came outta that situation. But I Reggie, and that's What you want. Little Legend. No, I don't want baby boy, but I actually want girls. Oh, You want both girls? Okay. And I want twin. I don't want nothing about what you talking about. So don't keep throwing that over here.


So what is the question guys? You Want kids? The question is, should I smack Charlemagne now or in 10 minutes or 10 minutes after? That's Three. I think you should do both now in 10 minutes. So the question, what just gotta do with anything? 805 8 5 1 0 5 1 since you threw Lauren's mess out there like that. No, the question is, should you celebrate other people's success? That's not The Question. You should, you so messy. But In this situation, you So messy. You can't, you Can't, you can't expect Her girl, girl. For a girl that took her man, I'm not, I don't know what you're talking about. Whoa, Whoa. Envy took it Crazy. I'm trying to help you out. No swiping Help. I was trying to help you.


You Looking like, Hey Arthur. Talking about swipe no swiping. I just trying to help. What is the question? Should You celebrate other people's success? All right. What are YI don't, all this other stuff is just so extra for no reason. I don't know what this is about. I was just in here talking, celebrating. That's not what you trying to get to. Whatever. Let's talk about it when we come back to The. Breakfast. Club. Good morning. Hey girl. What I'm trying to get to The Breakfast Club Daddy phone. It's topic time. Call (800) 585-1051 to join into the discussion with The Breakfast. Club. Morning everybody. It's DJ Envy. Jess. Hilarious. Charlamagne the guy. We are The Breakfast. Club. Now Lauren LaRosa is filling in for Jess and Charlamagne has been gaslighting her all Morning.


I'm not gaslighting her. We were in here having a very positive conversation. 'cause I'm a stern believer that If, you can't celebrate somebody else's success then you will probably never experience any success of your own. So I'm, I think you should clap for other people. You know because you want clap. You want folks to clap for you when it's your turn. That's all. But in this situation, there was a, a young lady out there that took, Don't say took 'cause she ain't took nothing. What Happened? So what happened once you, what happened? We're giving you a chance to tell your own story. Lauren OSA's ex. You Told us this story. Cheated on her Lauren LA's and wound up having a baby on her, Cheating on her and had a baby on Her. And Charlemagne feels like she should clap for this lady for having a healthy child.


If, You want kids and your man gets another woman pregnant. Clap for the woman. She got what you want. Cheer for her root for her wish, for her to have a healthy delivery. Why not? Would you have said that to your wife? If. you had got somebody pregnant during your time of indel? Probably. You know. Dang what? Excuse me. I'm sure that she would want the baby to be delivered. That's not what we at. No, we ain't talking about Of course we all want a healthy baby. Don't try backtrack and talk around This. I'm with you. There's saying some people, some people don't deserve their Applause. It's a like Some, some don't deserve. What did that woman do? Didn't do Anything. All that. All that, that woman took her in. First of all, no, I'm sorry. That's not because we don't wanna give rid of that. 'cause she'll be posting this on Instagram today.


Oh, I'm Sorry that happen. That woman provided that man with something that he wasn't getting with Aaron. He already, he already had a kid. So it wasn't, it it it Maybe emotional support You know what I'm saying? And During the time we were going through a time, so technically we were You. know what I Mean? See now we, let's tell, lets say the old story. We talked about this. This is the same Guy Sitting like, no, it's the same guy from the first go round. When I was here, we were going through a little time. So it was You. So y'all, y'all it wasn't me. Y'all split. Y'all weren't together. We were split. But like, You know how y'all be. It's like You know how we be. Oh, you You know. Are We split? Are we not good? Did you get your wife back? Yeah. So You know how y'all be. Y'all, y'all not together because things are happening. Right? But y'all trying to figure it out in That time. But was but was it, was it known that, hey, look, you do your thing. I'm doing my thing. I said to him, let's let's date other people.


Oh, okay. You can't be mad, man. But the baby shouldn't know because a baby shouldn't have came outta the situation. That's not true. You can't, you, you can't, you can't say that you, that Morning If, you knew If. you knew that we were gonna get back together. You like a a baby Shouldn't have happened. Clap. We should have been, First of all, no, first of all, you don't know. You didn't know if y'all was gonna get back together. No, We did. That was you told Him the date of the people. But y'all Didn't, we did get back together after that. Oh, After he had the baby? Yes. So what are we even complaining about? We weren't, you never asked me fully the conversation because this wasn't a conversation I was having with you. I was reacting to Kirk and Rashida and you just put your big nose over here in business that had nothing to do wrong. How was you as a stepmom? I was a great stepmom. Okay. I love those kids. Okay? Yeah. All right. See, but still you did clap for them. That's cheering for them.


The babies showing Up for showing up as a good stepmom. What? Got a lot of calls showing up as a stepmom was, is amazing, Lauren. See, that's why you gonna keep getting blessed. That why you blessed Now? Oh, now I'm gonna be blessed. Well, let's go to the baby mom. Now. I'm being blessed. Hello. Who's this? That's all I'm talking about. Hello, This is Mimi. Oh, I, Good morning. Where you calling from? We ain't doing this this morning. I'm calling from Georgia. Hey Mimi. What you got to say, Mimi? I wanted to ask Charlamagne if he clapped for that man. When his wi when his woman told him that, hey, he wanted bigger than him. That's why you shouldn't read my books. I don't like y'all reading my books. Wow. I forgot about that. You clapped for that man. Clap for That man. He was providing her something that you couldn't at the time. I clap for my wife. I probably still Can't I clap for my wife?


You did. You did. Yeah. Okay. Oh, okay. So did you watch him all, did you give her, did you give her a chance to engage with Ton? I know that's right. No, but I, I thought, but I celebrate. Why not? I celebrated her success. You have To celebrate her success. I celebrated her success A minute. So, wait a minute. Wait a minute. You, you, that's not Celebrating her success. That is celebrating her success. Yes. You her. You found a penis bigot than mine. I'm huge. So finding something bigger than me, I'm lying about Mimi. I'm, I'm lying. You know. So you, you celebrated that He No, I'm just playing. I'm just going along with as, as mess he had too. Lemme tell y'all something. You Didn't celebrate other Success. Lemme tell you, you didn't Clap. So you can be continually blessed. Maybe you might get A little inch when you a notorious gaslight like me.


You can't be gaslit. So I'm just going along. As long as I can light this pilot over here, I'll take all of this. Come on. Bring it, bring it. I, I'll take all of this. He, I'll take all of this to be able to give what I'm giving this morning because this feels amazing. Come, go to another call. Go, go to another call. Hello. Who's this? What's Going on? Good morning everyone. Good morning. So, should she clap for that success? That's my success. Charlamagne. Stop gaslighting her, bro. What are you talking about? I would never gas fight anybody. Thank you, you king. That's, that's, that's gaslighting. Come on. I would never gaslight anyone. You must have skipped your therapy session yesterday. I would never gaslight anyone.


So you telling me that you, that's the line. So you don't celebrate other people's success. That's not success. So if a person robs a bank, right, and enter a couple of people trying a process, but gets away with the robbery, but walks away with a million dollars, is that success? Why are y'all, why are y'all, why y'all equating a crime to something like a, a life being, being, being birthed? Well, a woman being pregnant is being compared to a bank robbery. Well, Brie is on the line now. Brie, her boyfriend got a side chick pregnant a year ago. Did you clap for that success, Brie? I absolutely did not. Wow. Are you clapping today? A year later, sis. I Was with that man. First of all, good morning, DJ Envy, Charlemagne and Lauren. I'm glad. Good morning.


Excited to be over the phone with y'all. Yes ma'am. But no, I was with that man for six years. We built a life together. My family loved him. His family loved me. His kids loved me. I had a relationship with the mother of his children. Like literally they would call me before they called him to arrange pickups and drop offs. I had, we had separated for a little while 'cause we was having some issues separated because I had in my family, I was taking it hard. And while I was going through that, he was out creaking. And then this girl called my phone while I was at work and showed me pictures of him holding a new baby. He Was holding the ba The baby Had already came. Well let no let, let's be fair girl. He was holding that baby of the Baby girl.


I hope was the baby Bus. His car, the mama car, the gran. Everybody Was the baby. Cute. The baby. The baby pretty. Oh my God. No, He you hating The baby. I'm not hating You hating. I'm not Hating this. The reason why I resent you saying I'm hating is because me and him, we was going to the doctor because we was trying to do fertility. We was doing our fertility stuff. Oh wow. Damn. Sorry. And then he ends up having the baby on me with somebody else. Well, And I. Well your situation is different 'cause Lauren and her boyfriend was on a break. They was on a break Too. They, that's the part she ain't, that's the part she ain't tell you Hers is worse. They were separated because she was going through death and her family and trying to get her life back together. And he had baby. I hear that part now. When you heard that, she Said that.


No, I lit. I did. I lost my mom and my sister within a year of each other. And I You. know the man in the Room. Didn't hear that I had to take, cus


This is Coke zero sugar. Could I be the best Coke ever? Try and taste with your ears. Hear those bubbles. Imagine them tingling on your top fizzy deliciousness. Listen to that cascading liquid. A mouthwatering waterfall, irresistibly tasty, zero sugar, crisp, refreshing, and ice gold. Ah, is coke zero sugar The best Coke ever? Try and decide The summer is heating up. So the next time you pop open a Coca-Cola or Coke Zero sugar. Prepare for ice cold drops from Coke Studio. New music from your favorite artists in their latest hits with drops from new jeans. Carol g Peggy goo usher, and Tyler plus live performances at the biggest festivals of the year. Grab taste that moves you. Scan your Coke, a Coke zero sugar 12 ounce can and unlock magic music moments all year long, no purchase necessary. 13 plus in 50 US DC and Canada. 18 plus for select prizes ends October 31st. Rules, eligibility and prize availability@cokeurl.com slash studio usa. Promo Corp Wright 2024, the Coca-Cola Company.


I've been thinking about you. I want you back in my life. It's too late for that. I have a proposal for you. Come up here and document my project. All you need to do is record everything like you always do. One session 24 hours BPM 1 10, 1 20. She's terrified. Should we wake Her up? Absolutely not. What was that? You didn't figure it out. I think I need to hear you say it. That was Live Audio of a Woman's Nightmare. This machine is approved and everything you're allowed to be doing this. We passed the review board a year ago. We're not hurting people. There's nothing dangerous about what you're doing. They're just dreams. Dream Sequence is a new horror thriller from Blumhouse television, iHeartRadio and Realm. Listen to Dream sequence on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts.


I'm Angie Martinez. Check out my podcast where I talk to some of the biggest athletes, musicians, actors in The, World. We go beyond the headlines and the sound bites that have real conversations about real life, death, love, and everything in between. This life right here, just finding myself just, just relaxation this not feeling stressed, this not feeling pressed. This is what I'm most proud of. I'm, I'm proud of Mary because I've been through hell and some horrible things. That feeling that I had of inadequacy is gone. You gonna die being you. So you gotta constantly work on who you are to make sure that the stars Aligned correctly. Life ain't easy and it's getting harder and harder. So If, you have a story to tell If you come through some trials with you. You need to share it 'cause you're gonna inspire someone. You're gonna, you're gonna give somebody the motivation to not give up, to not quit. Listen to Angie Martinez, IRL on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts or wherever you get your podcasts.


It is summer and on NPRs Planet Money podcast. That means it is time to grab your notebooks and your headphones and tune into the economics crash course for your ears. Planet Money Summer School is covering the economic history of The World from the birth of money to the industrial revolution to modern trade policy. We've got the lessons to keep you sounding smart at the beach with help from real economic historians Every Wednesday until Labor Day. Listen to Planet Money from NPR on the iHeartRadio app or wherever you get your podcasts.


City of my sister's kids after she passed. So I was dealing with a lot. Damn. And he was cheating while I was dealing with all of that. Tell her to clap Charlamagne. But Let me tell you how Karma come around, talk About It. A couple years later, he calling me from jail. 'cause he going through a domestic violence issue with the same girl. Boom. She did. You clap for that. Boom. You clap for that, didn't you? I clapped hard And I wanna lose bombs for the phone. Call you celebrating somebody else's success. Real Well that's not a success. That's karma Success. No, she's celebrating the loss success If. you put his hands on a woman. That's Right. Them somebody got a food in Prison. Thank you Bri 805 8 5 1 5. This is the question is what?


The question is, should you celebrate someone else's success? Why can't you clap when it's somebody else's turn? Lauren, It's the breakfast love. Good morning. If y'all talking about it You know we talking about it. It's topic time. Call 805 8 5 1 0 5 1 to join into the discussion with The. Breakfast Club. Ah, Morning everybody. It's DEJ nv. Just hilarious. Charlamagne, the guy. We are The Breakfast. Club. Lauren la is filling in for Charla MNE for just hilarious. And today we we learned a lot about Lauren. This question Got you messed up. Don't. This isn't about Lauren Charla.


And I need to Strike my tea. This is crazy. This isn't about Lauren. This is about the fact that you should always learn to celebrate other people's success. If. you can't celebrate other people's success, then you'll likely have no success in your own If. you gonna throw the shade, miss girl, throw it directly. You know. You know what you, you Want her to clap at her ex's girl Have to do with This because that's, that's where this came from. But that We're past that. Well, technically we're on a break. But I still feel like it was exactly, it was cheating. I feel like in my mind. No, you can't, you can't have it both. If you on a break wasn't cheating. If y'all was on a break, y'all was on break. If you are. You mine. No, that's not once you my husband, babe. I love you. You my everything. You took a break. You lying. You said let you and you actually said, let's take a break and date other people. You do know when you lay down to have sex with people, Lauren, things like pregnancy can happen.


So how If you did that to him. Let's say you laid down with somebody and Oh, I asked him that. And what he say? He wouldn't have stuck, he, he wouldn't have stuck by me. Well see Lauren different You. know what I'm saying? Lauren wears the billboard. What, what your shirt say right now? Plastic. Exactly. So when she sleeps with a man, she makes sure he brings the rubber. Oh, was crazy. They wear protection. Hello? What? Hello? Hey, what's your name? How do we end up here? Alisa? Hey Alisa, talk to us. What's your thoughts? My Thoughts is I don't think that I, I think that when you have negative thoughts about somebody's success or whatever they got going on, it destroys you. That's right. I don't see why you don't just be happy for people because you'll never know.


You may be blessed. That's right. Queen You know I'm saying just thinking negative or somebody or thinking negative for what they got go the tequila. It's just too much negative energy. Finally, a queen calling And. I wouldn't, I wouldn't, I wouldn't live my life like that. Like that's right. Y'all ever watch some videos with a guy who sit there If you? He ask you for a dollar and you say yes and then he bless you. That's right. That's, that's a great feeling. Question. Finally, a queen called up here to provide clarity to the room. What's your question, Lauren? Go to another car. God, Lauren. No. Now you want a hang Up. Lauren, you you getting, you drive. You getting drove to drink? I have. I have to. God damn. Lauren, You bringing back some moments for me? Wow. Hello. Good morning. Good morning.


Good morning. This your boy mask from the chap man. 8, 4 3. You sound like you got somebody. So what happened? Man? Shouldn't You celebrate other people's Success? No. Hey Lauren, listen, I on your side. Nah, but listen, you should definitely celebrate other people's success. If. you ain't got nothing to do with nobody taking your mad telling me that somebody make up your old lady. You wouldn't clap for that man with you. Yeah. What Man? You lying. You Lying. You be here crying, laying up under The Table. I'd be like, Hey, salute to you. Hey Charlamagne, listen. But I bet you a ex that you got somewhere outside in The World that somebody I'm be out. That you used to and they mad that you went begging my first No be with the same woman for 26 years.


I ain't, I don't know. I don't know what a X look like. If it ain't after Malcolm all I have a good one. Now You've been practicing that one. Never. What's The moral of the story? I feel bad. I ain nothing. Now I look No. When's your birthday? No. 22nd. I'm gonna get you a stun gun for your birthday. Can you get a Real gun? No, I'm not gonna get you a real gun. I'm gonna get you a stun gun. I just want you to shock him. I don want you to shoot Him. I think that with all of the history that I've had with him on air, if I happen to pull the trigger that is self Defense. Listen. That's why I get you a stun gun. Just shock him a little bit. Just a little shock. The moral of the story, the moral of the story is char simply this char charlamagne If. you can't celebrate someone else's success then you'll probably never have any success of your own leard.


That's the moral of the story Is that the moral of the story Clap For people. Lauren. The moral of the story is take two shots when you walk in this room. 'cause you never know what you walking into. Clap for people, Lauren. Boy, my hands is broke. But Lauren don't even worry about that. 'cause last night at my birthday party, everybody was on your body. You don't, there was a a line of people waiting to talk to Lauren. Relax. Can you relax? Hello? Cool babe. She's alone in her room and she sits and stands at the wall. Oh man. Just with the best, with all of us is coming up. What we talking about? She don't Even know we gonna get to it next. Triggered like she don't. Why are You laughing?


We gonna get to it next. I'm I'm be honest with you. I'm gonna be honest with you. Gas lighting Lauren is probably one of my top three favorite things to do nowadays. Jesus Christ. I wasn't gas lighting though. I was being honest. No, you were. Celebrate other people's success. You were shady. Boots. The, Breakfast, Club along in the ballroom. Good morning. The. Breakfast Club. Morning. Everybody's D envy. Jess. Hilarious. Charlemagne the guy. We are The. Breakfast. Club. Lauren LaRosa filling in for Jess. Let's get to just with the mess with Lauren. Osa is real. Jessica Robin Moore just don't do no lying. She don't stir nobody. Stir nobody worldwide. Jess world mess on The.


Breakfast Club. She's the coaches with Lauren. Lauren LaRosa. I'm back. And, I got the mess. Talk to me ll cool bay. Don't talk to me. Talk to me. You don't talk to me. Okay, now on a more serious note, there's a runner from Kenya, a Kenyan woman who was, she's now in critical condition because she was set on fire. What? By her boyfriend. Let's take a listen to the news report. The first Ugandan distance runner, Rebecca Chapter Gay, is currently in intensive care in Kenya after her boyfriend dous her in petrol and sat her on fire at her home in bu the 33-year-old had not long ago returned from the Paris Olympics where she'd placed 44th in her event.


She's reportedly sustained over 80% burns in the attack. That's horrible. Yeah. Now this is like, this is, I I don't know If you guys have ever seen. There's been a few stories like this about just women being in domestic violence against women in Kenya and just other places outside of the US but specifically in Kenya. So back in 2022 there was a story of another runner, a female runner. I'm not for sure where she's from. I believe she may be from, from Kenya, but I'm not for sure. But her name is Damari Moti Moia. I'm gonna saying her last name wrong for sure. But she was found strangled in her home with a pillow over her face. And this was months after a record breaking long distance runner Agnes Tup was found, stabbed to death in the same town.


I don't know when I, when I saw this story, I just, I thought it was really sad because first of all, she was with her two babies when this happened. She was coming home from church. She just had a, a, a victory in the Paris Olympics. And her dad was just talking about You know how she went, how they want justice for her, but they don't really know for sure if they will even get it because it seems like You know where they are. Cases like this with women or just overlooked. So He don't even get arrested or nothing. The Guy. So I don't have an update on that as of now. The article that I read, sad, the article that I read didn't, didn't specifically talk about that. But I mean, they know exactly who it was. She was rescued by a neighbor who saw the two of them arguing outside of her home. So there has to be something with him. I can, I can look more into that and see kind of what that was, but I didn't see that in the article that I read.


We Definitely sending that young lady healing energy, Lord Mercy. Hundred percent. Absolutely. Oh my God. Yeah. Sorry to bring the energy down in the room, but No you're not. Go ahead Lauren. Can you please? Can I get a, I just gotta ignore. Can I get a real bang Bang. Not like a No. I'm Gonna get you a Stu Gun. Thank you. You just Need a stun. Okay, so Ralo and Booie busey back at it again. So they had been going back and forth online. This all started because Ralo got online and said that he, he was talking about his career, honestly. And Busey kind of got like a cheap shot. But let's take a listen now. I'll get more into it. Take a listen to this video. I'm focused on signing artists and being a CEO of a labor.


Like I'm gonna get old one day. I ain't trying to be on stage like Booy rapping when he 40, 50 years old. I ain't trying to be doing that. I want to pull up like Birdman with my artists though. Pull up like QP with my artists or, or, or You know that the other side. So basically after he posted that video and Booie heard about it, found out about it, or saw the video going viral 'cause people were like, okay, now we reignite in this conversation. The conversation, the beef between them kind of started a while back. Actually not started, but it got some flames under it here at The. Breakfast Club. And we gonna get into that. But so Busey after this video tweeted that he hadn't spoken to him in years. He doesn't understand why, but he's still hurt because of something that Rao did.


He Busey said that he's actually grateful to be making $150,000 a week selling out shows because Rao doesn't have a a, a rap career and will never have one. You right. You should be a CEO 'cause the only thing you can't do is make music. God didn't give you that gift or talent. Hashtag leave hiphop alone. He also talked about he's the same person that did a verse for Rao when Rao was locked up and they had offered, I, they offered, I guess they offered Rao, I mean Booy 10 K to do the verse. And Booy said, no, I'm good. I'm gonna just do it off the strength. 'cause I wanna help him You know when he comes home, get back on his feet, like that type of thing. And now here they are now Rao Hashtag leave hip hop alone is crazy. You know Booy gonna come with the the shots real quick, right?


So now Ralo came back online and he responded to Booy Sweet. And he said, I love you auntie. And then he put up, he in the caption of this post, he said, auntie boo boo, I love you and maybe we can sit and drink us some cults, 40 fives and talk. But you got on the internet telling The World, I got your number and You know I don't, I've been in prison for six years. You ran to The Breakfast Club before me and called me a rat in front of the whole world. Like it's against the street code. To pay the bros to take a charge, you need to pay that security to take that gun charge for you. Like I tried to tell you, or maybe that's a snitch move, huh? I'm not dissing you, I'm just loving you publicly. Us nephews get like that when we miss our favorite aunts and uncles. So what we gonna do?


We gonna have the sit down or we just gonna eventually go to war. I'll put up wherever with all my paperwork. Just I'll pull up wherever with all my paperwork. Just tell me. I think that's the best thing I've heard in this whole situation. Pull up And talk to each other, like down conversation. Yes. Instead of going back and forth on social media. Now let's, let's take a listen to the clip. When Booie was here on Breakfast Club that he's talking about, I stick to the code bro. Like that's with anything bro. Like You know I talked to Rao, like Rao was my my partner bro. Like I had a good respect for that dude, bro. Like He be home soon though. From what I heard from, from what I already, I don't know look like he talking You know what I'm saying? So he Said that wasn't true. I don't know. Yeah. Yeah. I don't know. I just, from the situation like I, like I told him, bro, I you brother Oh You you spoke to him and told him That?


Yeah, I texted him. Damn. DMed Him And what'd he say? He said, I'm looking at it the wrong way and You know that because that hurt me with Ralo. 'cause You know I dude bro feel like I done lost another partner. You know what's crazy about situations like that is, I don't even remember Booy saying any of that. But imagine being ralo, you not gonna forget it. No, because that's being said about him. Especially When he's in jail. He can't into a, to a massive audience. Yeah. Yeah. And there was like a, I mean can't Rebutted or nothing That, all right. And that's kind of what he was saying. It's like you went to The, Breakfast, Club and you said all this stuff before we could even sit down and have a conversation about, I guess whatever he's saying actually happened that made him come home. That's a point. That's a good point. But there, there were reports that there was paperwork and alleged like phone call or like a recorded call or something like that, that had sparked rumors of Ralo working with the police.


So to add fuel to that fire by basically saying that's what Booy did was add fuel to that fire by coming up here and saying that he felt away. Yeah, Because before you have that conversation with 8 million monthly listeners, before you have that conversation with 15 to 20 million downloads a month, You know you should have that with the person talk that talk. Can We have that conversation about why you stopped going to your therapist? 'cause you in here gaslighting me today. I do go to My therapist. Do you? That was just with the mess with Lauren LaRosa Bring myself Joy. Next We got the People's Choice Mix. Don't go anywhere. I hate you Joy. I know how to make myself happy. The, Breakfast, Club. Good morning. Morning everybody. It's Djj Envy, just hilarious. Charlamagne the guy we are The Breakfast Club. Lauren Lar is holding it down for Jess And I would just wanna salute for to everybody for all the birthday Love yesterday the phone calls, the texts, the posts pulling up to my birthday party, my shindi last night at the record room.


I wanna salute to the record room. If. you ever come to New York? The record room is a spot where they only play vinyl. So there is no Serato. It's all old school vinyl, but whatever, whatever, whatever records happened. So last night is their r and b party and we had a, we had a good time last night. We Did. Why they play that Kalise milkshake brings all the boys to the yard when they called you on stage. That was awkward. That was do that song. Yeah. Why? Why was that awkward? Now that's not your song. Not that's not my song. Not, I was trying to figure out like, did you tell them you went There? No, I didn't. That I didn't. Your AKA was milkshake. No, it's not. My AK not called said that. No. Said your DJ name was Shrimp. No. Was it? And then you said for a period they started, they said they started calling you Envy. And then you said when the police worker came out, they were calling you milkshake.


Nobody ever said that. You always said, really? I'm like, did I miss a part of Davy's life? It Was weird, right? Yeah, it was Weird. Okay. You know what else is weird? Oh God. The fact that not one person on this radio show acknowledged that today is Beyonce. Beyonce's Birthday's birthday and You know at the Pinkett Smith Winfrey knows Carter. I just wanted to see You know how long it would take for anybody in this room or on this show or on this staff. They acknowledge that it's Beyonce's birthday. Well you was Act up here acting like one of the single ladies so they didn't have to do all that. Well, I'm not, I'm not single lady And I don't. I would never ever try to take one of your roles more. Wow. Wow. I would never do that. Wow. Oh my God. I would never do that. And I would never do that.


That's just, I would just be wrong. Okay girl. But happy Born Day to Beyonce. Yep. Happy birthday to B Guest period. And it's time to get up outta here. Charlamagne, you got a positive note. You know I do have a positive note. It is from a young lady named Rosalyn Carter. She once said, A leader takes people where they want to go. A great leader takes people where they don't necessarily want to go but ought to be. Now that I think about it, that sounds like kidnapping, but you take, take what you will from it. Have a great day. Breakfast Club bitches. You gonna finish or y'all finished or y'all done?


Hey, hey. Gather round. I got the lowdown on the hottest show in town based on some shh that really happened. It's called Fight Night, the Million Dollar Heist Baby. It's about a job hustler who tangles with some stone Cold Brothers and pays the price you dig. Starring Kevin Hart, Taraji p Henson, Terrance Howard with Don Cheadle and Samuel L. Jackson. Catch Fight Night. The million dollar Heist streaming September 5th on Peacock. Right on. Now. Back to the Funk.


This is Coke Zero sugar. Could I be the best Coke ever? Try and taste with your ears here. Those bubbles, imagine them tingling on your top busy deliciousness. Listen to that cascading liquid. A mouthwatering waterfall, irresistibly tasty, zero sugar, crisp, refreshing, and ice gold. Ah, is Coke zero sugar the best Coke ever? Try and decide.


How do you feel about biscuits? Hi, I'm Quila Hughes and I'm so excited about my new podcast Rebel Spirit, where I head back to my hometown in Kentucky and try to convince my high school to change their racist mascot the rebels into something. Everyone in the south loves the biscuits. I Was a lady rebel. Like what does that even mean? It's right here in black and white in print. They lion. It's bigger than a flag or mascot. Listen to Rebel Spirit on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts.


In a world where TikTok didn't exist yet, that's the comedy of a Mexicano cross borders called The Heart of America. Sonoro e iHeart's. Michael Cultura Podcast Network Present. How did a Mexican writer become a symbol of global television? Listen to Na. In La iHeartRadio, apple Podcasts, or wherever you stream podcast.


MTV's Official Challenge podcast is back for another season. That's right. The challenge is about to embark on its monumental 40th season y'all. And we are coming along for the ride. Woo Hoo. That would be me, Devon Simone. And Then there's me, Devon Rogers. And We are here to take you behind the scenes of the Challenge 40 Battle of the Eras. Join us as we break down each episode, interview challengers, and take you behind the scenes of this iconic season. Listen to MTV's Official Challenge podcast on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts.