
Listen to me. This is Charlemagne to God talking. If you're not on prime, you're missing out prime's, not just fast free delivery, although that is definitely a big perk. It's a collection of excellent services that help you get more outta whatever passion you're into or getting into. Like right now, I am really getting into past life regression therapy, and there's so many books about it on Prime. So you can order books with Prime, or even listen to content on Amazon Music. Whether you're binge watching the latest on Prime video, listening to music on Amazon music, or getting those last minute gifts dropped at your door. With Prime, same day free delivery with Prime customers, get closer to what they care about. Whatever you are into, it's all on Prime. Visit amazon.com/prime.


Now key Huey Kwan has had the craziest career in Hollywood. He played two of the most iconic movie roles of all time as a kid. First is short round in Indiana Jones, in the Temple of Doom, alongside Harrison Ford. And then his data from the Cult Classic De Goonies. Then after a 20 year break from acting, he wins an Academy of Wolf. His performance and everything everywhere, all at once. Well, now Key is finally starring as a leading man in the movie. Love Hurts. The movie is a zag against your typical romantic Valentine's Day Fair. Love Hurts, has over the top action, comedy, and a ton of heart. It's the perfect choice for date night with a little something for everyone. Love Hurts. Also, stars Academy Award winner Ariana de Bowles and former NFL Running back and Super Bowl champion Marshawn Beast Mode Lynch, who absolutely does his thing in this one. You don't wanna miss this one. Love hurts only in theaters. February 7th.


Life is an act of constant reinvention that's true for you and for cause. Nissan Reimagined the all new kicks around you. The Bowles Personal Plus sound System, which speakers in the headrest keeps you in the groove while the Nissan Safety Shield 360 Technologies keep you safe. If Nissan reinvented the kicks, you can reinvent yourself. Drive the all new Reimagined Nissan Kicks today. Available features compatible device service and consumer activation of Nissan Connect Services. Package required Use only when safe and legal subject to third party service availability. For more information, see Nissan usa.com/connect/legal. Apple CarPlay is a trademark of Apple Link. Intelligent all-Wheel Drive cannot prevent collisions or provide enhanced traction in all conditions. Always monitor traffic and weather conditions.


Taking control of your career is empowering. Just don't tell my boss I said that. Building a career isn't just about a job. It's about creating a path that impacts our community and future generations. Whether you're starting out or making big moves, State Farm is here to support you with resources to help protect what you're working hard to achieve. They've got your back every step of the way because like a good neighbor State Farm is there. Find out more at State Farm dot com.


Good morning, usa. Yo yo, yo, yo, yo, yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo, yo yo, yo yo, yo yo. Just hilarious. Good morning. Charlemagne the guy. Peace to the planet. Guess what day it is? Guess what day it is? Home Day. Good morning. How y'all feeling out there? I feel blessed Black and Holly Fad. Happy to be here another day to serve our beautiful listeners. What's going on? Good morning, Jess. How you feeling? I feel good. I went to the Sixes game last Year. You lying? You said you were tired. Excuse Me. That's why I'm tired. 'cause I went to the game. Sweet. Oh, okay. Lord, You drove all the way to Philly. I went. Yeah, I didn't drive, but yes, we went to the Dallas. They played the Mavericks, the Mavs and Yo, I didn't know that.


Now mind you, I ain't really into basketball like that. But I didn't know that the guy that dunked on LeBron in the Olympics? Yes. That he played for the sixes because he from over. Yeah, He plays overseas. But when they, when they did the Olympics, who? The guy you're talking about, They play for Their country. Uc, ballet or whatever. I don't know how to say his name. Yeah, I Can, yeah. I'm not gonna try To pronounce it. Yeah, but he got a fatty like on him. Yeah. Because when he was at the foul line and somebody was shooting Jesus, I was like, he, I got a video his yo, I don't wanna see It shorty as fat. You, you Wasn't watching the game. You was watching people's fatties. No, no, no, No, no. It is that big that I had though. Look at it. I was like, damn. But no, I was watching the game. It was a good game. And this was their first night playing with Euca. Huh? Who won? You know? Do you know you About to say it on front page news? Do you know what? I ain't stay to the, And I Stay to The, And I don't got time for the let out in Phil.


Yo. I just, oh, I had to get outta there before the traffic early. Ain't nothing wrong with looking at the man Fatty though, because you know, whatever brings eyeballs to the game, it brings eyeballs to the game. Yeah. That you know what I'm, that's right. NBA been talking about their rating slipping all year long. So if Fat Ass is what it takes for you to watch Yes. Then Fat Ass is what it's going be. It's just 76 is one by two by the way. Yeah. See Yeah, that's what it was. 1 18, 1 15, 1 18, 1 16. Yes. One. Yeah, I remember Jesus Christ. It's all right. Well we got some special guests joining us this morning. Yeah. You know Wendy Williams. Wendy, She'll be checking in. Wendy wants to call in and give some updates on her situation, you know? And then our guy, TK Kirkland, he'll be performing in Jersey City. That's right at Margaret Williams.


Thea with Bill Bellamy this weekend, right? No, Next Weekend. February 15. February 15th. That's right. So yeah, he'll be here as well. So yes. Two, two OGs in the game. That's Right. That, let's get the show crack. And when we come back, we got front page news Morgan, what'll be breaking everything down? It's The Breakfast Club. Good morning. Morning everybody. It's Steve j Envy. Just hilarious. Charlamagne the guy. We are The Breakfast Club. Let's get in some front page News. Morning Morgan. Good morning. DJ Envy. Charlamagne tha God. And just hilarious. How you doing, Morgan? Good. Are we good? All right, let's get into the front page news. So President Trump says, Palestinians have no alternative but to leave their Gaza homes. Now this comes as Trump and Israeli prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu met in the Oval Office on Tuesday with Trump calling Gaza a demolition site and said that Palestinians should be displaced to settlements in other countries.


Now, Trump claimed those living would be thrilled to live those living in Gaza would be thrilled to live somewhere else. Let's hear more from Trump on his efforts to own Gaza and displace more Palestinians. The US will take over the Gaza Strip and we will do a job with it too. We'll own it. Instead, we should go to other countries of interest with humanitarian hearts. And there are many of them that want to do this and build various domains that will ultimately be occupied by the 1.8 million Palestinians living in Gaza. Yeah. So, yeah, so that's his suggestion. What do you guys think about that Emini here We're looking at owning a lot of things here.


Maybe making Canada the 51st game. Emini Here, he wants everything. Yeah. But Gulf of America, Gulf of Mexico, you know, and now maybe the Gaza Strip, Nobody's surprised about about that. But I would never understand what all the pro-Palestinian, pro Gaza people in Michigan were thinking. Especially folks in Dearborn, you know, majority Arab City. And Donald Trump became the first Republican to win there since 2000. All the Arab Americans who had resentment, Arab Americans, Arab, I'm sorry, all the Arab Americans who had resentment, you know, of the Biden Harris administrations pro-Israel policies. And they drove a massive swing away from the Democrats and, and, and Dearborn and all over Michigan. I don't understand what y'all was thinking. I don't know why y'all thought that Donald Trump was gonna be a better option.


Yeah. I don't know what y'all was thinking. And where are the Jill Steins and the Green Party and everybody now where they at now? Well, Benjamin Netanyahu, he has been the first a foreign leader to meet with Trump during this second term and is in DC As negotiation negotiations are expected to resume between Israel and the Palestinian militant group Hamas, to extend the ongoing ceasefire. Now the Israeli Prime Minister praised Trump and further laid out plans for the future. Let's hear more from Israeli prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu at the White House. You are the greatest friend Israel has ever had in the White House, and that's why the people of Israel have such enormous respect for you.


Israel has never been stronger, and the Iran terror axis has never been weaker. But as we discussed, Mr. President, to secure our future and bring peace to our region, we have to finish the job in Gaza. Israel has three goals. Destroy Hamas' military and governing capabilities. Secure the release of all of our hostages and ensure that Gaza never again poses a threat to Israel. Once again, I never understood it. Okay. You, you, you, the, the pro-Palestinian pro Gaza people would go to Kamala's rallies and interrupt her and protest against her. Never was the chant. But you never had that energy for trumpet his rallies.


And you knew he wanted to create Ma Gaza. Like you knew Mara Gaza. Oh Lord. Oh my gosh. So pro-Palestinian protestors, ma Gaza, you stupid pro-Palestinian protest protestors were gathered out the White House chanting Gaza is not for sale. Hundreds of protestors holding banner signs and waving flags as they chant rhythmic chant to rhythmic drumming. And they have their, you know, chants and different things of that nature. You shoulda Did that during the campaign. It's too late now. Like Dearborn, Michigan is the majority Arab city, and Donald Trump became the first Republican to win this since 2000. So Trump added that he would return, he would turn Gaza into the Riviera of the Middle East.


So, yeah. Dang. Yeah. You said Mara Mara. What did you, you call it Mar Mar Gaza. Mar Gaza. Mar Gaza. Yeah. Well, Trump says he's instructed his advisors to obliterate Iran. If it assassinates him in, in regards to all of what's happening with this adding Iran will be destroyed if it retaliated against the us Jesus Christ. I know he made the comments during a, I'm tired too. He made the comments during a press conference at the White House on Tuesday while signing a presidential memorandum to increase pressure on Tehran. Now that memorandum calls for maximum economic sanctions and enforcement mechanism mechanisms against Iran. Let's hear more from President Trump on Iran.


That would be a terrible thing for them to do. Not because of me. If they did that, they would be obliterated. That'd be the end. I've left instructions Jesus. And they Do it. Oh, that's context. They get Obliterated. Okay. There won't be anything left. We will see whether or not we can arrange or work out a deal with Iran and everybody can live together. And maybe that's possible and maybe it's not possible. I, I, I understand the context. I hope that doesn't happen. But you know, he, he's saying if, if they assassinate him, If they take him out, wipe them Out. Yes. Fair. Okay. So you Say Fair Federal authorities have been monitoring threats against Trump from Iran for years after Trump ordered to kill the top Iranian military leader in 2020.


So this is a real live ongoing thing. And I will keep you posted after Trump. Might as well put out a drill album at this point. Emini here. Jesus Christ Emini. Here. Emini here. Come on man. Alright, well that is front page news. Thank you, Morgan. Thank you. All right. In the next hour we will talk about, don't order anything from China right now. It's not gonna get to us. So we'll tell, I'll tell you more. All right. And everybody else get it off your chest. 805 8 5 1 0 5 1 if you need to vent, phone lines are wide open. Again, 805 8 5 1 0 5 1. It's The Breakfast Club. Good morning. The Breakfast Club. This is your time to get it off your chest. Whether you're mad or blessed, You better have the same Energy we wanna hear from you on The Breakfast Club.


Hello. Who this, This Fresh. Hey, good Morning. Get it off your chest. I got a, I got a bomb pit with Charlemagne. Go ahead brother. Charlemagne, I'm upset with you man. I bought tickets to go to your book signing in Vegas and you canceled on me. Yeah, I had to cancel Vegas. I forgot why we canceled Vegas. Crazy. Forgot. Is there, is there where I can get a book? Yeah, I'll send you a copy of the book right now. I got the paper back coming out in, I think the paperback comes out in April. So I'm definitely coming to Vegas in the springtime. But yeah, I can send you a copy right now though. But I got the paperback version of Get Honest It to Die Line. Why Small Talk Sucks coming out in April. So I'm, I'm I'm, I'm gonna circle back to Vegas for that. Could you sign up for me before you send it up? Yeah. Get what's your name?


Hold on brother. We going? We gonna put you on hold. Don't hang up. Hold on one second. Yes sir. Oh Yeah. My old wrote the book. I promote book. It's called Healing. I'm sorry. Oh my God. What's name of the the book? How You Don't Know Your Old Lady book? That's man, I bet you her other dude know The name. No, she just wrote it. No, no, no, no, no, no. She just wrote it. She just wrote it. It it comes out on the eighth. Oh, you don't know the name. I bet you her side do know the name. Damn. Hold on brother. Don't do that. Hold on. On, yeah, we shoulda knew that one. Hello? Who's this? Oh, this is anonymous. Hey, Good morning Anonymous. You're on the radio, nobody can see you. Like you can say anything you, your could Name, name, Jamal name. But go ahead, get it off your chest.


Well shout out to the local. Look, I, you'll see why I so anonymous real quick. Charlamagne, shout out to you man. You are like a, a a icon to me. Mary. Set up for the 8, 4 3 8 3. I'm in a small Yeah, small town called Mary in South Carolina. Listen real quick. So if your wife stopped giving fellatio, is it okay? Feel me? Is it okay to continue to just be happy with her not giving it no more? No. You shouldn't be happy with it. You should tell her that you're not happy. Yeah. Yeah. So even if you don't like it, don't like it. She just don't like doing it. She don't like doing it. How Long y'all been married? Fuck, 13 years. So she found out after 13 years.


She don't like it. I think. I think that's right. She gonna just talk about this. She don't like doing away you so what to talk about sucking vy. Go ahead. This guy. So she said she don't like it after 13 years. Right. So like, honestly between 13 years, probably like a handful of times it's been done. You know what, Emini here Stink. Yeah. But if, if it already, that ain't, if it ain't that enticing to her already, you gotta do something like make it smell good or something. Like it might stink. It doesn't stink that. Or are you circumcised? You know what I'm saying? It could be little things that she just don't work tongue about. Do you gotta play tug of war or get to the head? Like what do you gotta do? Hilarious. Tug of war's. Crazy. Nah. So nah, nah, nah. I'm fresh, you know?


And I of course when it's sounds good, you gotta wash it. Right? Like why would you not wash it? So, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah. So yeah, no, shouldn't be stink. Not that I know of Emini here. I feel like I'm, you know, good, fresh. Just voice your concerns telling you Jess. Hey, shout up to you Jess. I love you too man. I've been watching you for the longest, yo. Thank you. What? Tell her what she won't do. Another person will and then try to You own. You better. You better. That's crazy. No. Wow. No, you gotta better let her know. This is making me go crazy. Oh my divorce. Look at me trying to own house. You won't do don't do that. Put you in the crazy house and in The, and in the group chat. Yeah, Well Look On me.


I, I appreciate that advice guys. Thank you so much. Thank you. Now he like, no I ain't with Jesus. Get it off your chest. 805 8 5 1 0 5 1. If you need to vent, hit us up now. It's The Breakfast Club. Good morning. The Breakfast Club. Hey, what doing man? This is your time to get it off your chest. Whether you're mad or blessed. 8 5 8 5 5 1 0 5 1. We want to hear from you on The Breakfast Club. Hello, who's this? Tasha Rosen. Hey Tasha. Good morning. Get off your chest. I wanna get off my chest that on Friday, January 31st, my beautiful innocent grandson was killed in the city of Newark, New Jersey.


And I'm asking for anybody that know this person or aware of this person to please bring him to justice. 'cause we are in horrible grief and we are so very sad about what has happened. What was your grandson's name, man? Sorry, My grandson name was Yes and Sharif Morrison. I'm so sorry. He was an autistic 9-year-old boy, nonverbal, autistic, 9-year-old boy. And he was killed in front of my house on his way, coming to see his grandparents. And we are forever traumatized and changed by this experience. I'm so sorry ma'am. I'm So sorry to hear that. If anybody in Newark, New Jersey has any information on the tragic killing of that young man, please, please, please turn it over to the authorities.


Absolutely. People Like that can't be on the street because you know it. It's this woman's grandson today. It could be somebody you love tomorrow. So you gotta get people off the street, somebody else Tomorrow. Absolutely. Yeah. So if you know Annie, absolutely please go to the authorities, check your ring cameras. Any little bit of information that you think might not be good, please say and tell somebody 'cause it could help a second case please. And I'm so sorry again. Thank you so very much Alrightyy mom man, That's horrible. Yeah. Alright Lord Mercy, Get it off your chest. 805 8 5 1 0 5 1. We have just with the mess coming up. Yeah, we got rumors on the way so we get into it. All right, we'll get to it next. It's The Breakfast Club. Good morning. The Breakfast Club.


Peace of the planet. Charlemagne to God here. And I just want you to know, if you're not on Amazon Prime, you're seriously missing out. It's not just about the fast free delivery, although let's be real, that's a game changer. It especially was for me this holiday season. Prime is like your personal guide to everything you're into or want to get into. Whether it's binge watching, the latest hit on Prime video, you know, listening to your favorite playlist on Amazon music or getting those last minute gifts, which same day, free delivery prime's got you covered. And here's the kicker. Prime isn't just about getting you closer to your passions, it's about helping you discover new ones too. Got a hobby. You're obsessed with Prime Fuels it. Trying something new Prime helps you dive deep into whatever's next. It's like me being passionate about mental health. You can order all kinds of books on mental health on Prime. My favorite is the Unapologetic Guide to Black Mental Health by Dr. Rita Walker. Prime gets you closer to what really matters, making all times of the year that much more special. Whether it's screaming your favorite movie or getting that perfect gift delivered the same day, prime makes everything easy and stress free. Whatever you're into, it's on Prime. Visit amazon.com/prime now.


The World is constantly changing. It's up to you to decide how to respond. Choose to be bold to try something new. Choose to reinvent yourself. That's what Nissan did with the all new totally reimagined kicks. The dynamic new exterior styling immediately announces that Nissan isn't messing around the interior. A completely redesigned cabin with premium features like wireless Apple call play and a panoramic moonroof make driving a kicks immersive and exciting. And with new performance and safety features like intelligent all-Wheel Drive, the kicks is both fun and safer to drive than ever before. It is the dawning of a brand new era for the Nissan Kicks. Only one question remains. Is it a new error for you as well? Drive the all new Reimagined Nissan Kicks today. Available Features compatible device service and consumer activation of Nissan Connect Services. Package required use only when safe and legal subject to third party service availability. For more information, see Nissan usa.com/connect/legal Apple CarPlay. A trademark of Apple Link Intelligent all wheel Drive cannot prevent collisions or provide enhanced traction in all conditions. Always monitor traffic and weather conditions.


At t has a new guarantee because most things in life are not guaranteed. Like actually getting the rental call you requested or your wedding turning out just like you dreamed it would. And someone making another pot of coffee in the break room after drinking the last drop of the last one. Yeah, don't get me started. Not guaranteed. In The World where nothing is guaranteed, at t is bringing something new to the table. At t is introducing a guarantee. With connectivity, you depend on deals you want and service you deserve or they make it right. So if you wanna know more about the at t guarantee, head to att.com/guarantee. At t connecting changes everything, terms and conditions apply. Visit att.com/guarantee for details.


Hey fam, this is Carlos Miller from the 85 South Show. If you're like me, you are always thinking about how to level up your career. Maybe you're fresh outta college, just starting in your field or even looking to switch things up and find your true calling. Whatever stage you're in, remember that this is your time to grow, to learn, and to build something that lasts. State Farm understands that early career development is key to long-term success. They've been a steady presence in our community and they know having the right support early can make all the difference. State Farm is there to help you make smart moves and to help you get the coverage you need. We all know that the journey to success is a marathon, not a sprint. It's all about staying focused, staying grounded, and making sure you're protected every step of the way. Let's build our careers with confidence knowing that State Farm is there to support us just like they've always been because like a good neighbor State Farm is there. Find out more at State Farm dot com.


Morning everybody. It's DJ nv, Jess, hilarious. Charlamagne the guy. We are The Breakfast Club. Let's get to Jess with The Mess News is real. Jessica, Robin Moore. Just don't do no lying. Don't nobody worldwide. Jess Worldwide On The Breakfast Club. She's a ship. She was able to get y'all to see something and understand something that nobody could get you to see. It's time to set it off. So Is this the interview that everybody was waiting for at the moment that we all waited for, for this full interview with Justin Laboy and Kanye West to drop? Who Was waiting for it? I don't know. Yeah, I thought, is this like, It's like a third one, right?


Big Thing. This is like their second or third interview. I feel like more so people were, 'cause Drake hasn't like surfaced and like said too much since all of the Kendrick stuff, especially because the Grammys just happened. Everybody popped off singing a minor. Kendrick won all those awards. So I think people more so are like, oh shoot, you know what Emini here now the interview you're talking about. And, and for, for context, when Drake was in Australia, his first tour stop on the tour that he's on right now. He came out, he had a holy shirt, he came out, he not came out like that, but like he came out on the stage, he had holes in his shirt. That's why he been crying smoke behind him and, and he talked about not being dead because of that interview. Now let's take a listen to what I think sparked that.


Let's take a listen to Kanye and Justin Laboy talk about the Kendrick Andrick beef. Well one thing is like with Kendrick, I was like, man, you killed my nemesis. Where's the movies? If it ain't no Drake? Yeah, for me it's like, yeah. So Kendrick killed Drake, he's dead. Yeah for now. You know, you can't, you can't ever count out Def Curry. And so that man might hit 200 points in, in one, you know, song or something. You know, Drake added something to the algorithm to our frequency. He advanced us. Right Future advance us. And our Kendrick has now advanced the frequency. It's like if you rap against Kendrick, you will lose. Oh this man does this.


It's a difficult task, but perhaps it's something. Yeah. You know what I'm saying? I'm a psycho genius. So yeah, There you have it. Do not rap against Kendrick Lamar Unless you're a psycho genius like me. Unless you're a psycho genius. Like Ye Kendrick will wash Kanye West crazy in every single way. Knock it off ye He want him to come his way so bad. No he don't. I think he, you think he want that? He want He he been this the second time he to poke the bear out. He tried to before when he tried to jump on the, on the song. How, By the way, how many riders ye got? Because ye got a bunch of riders at I don care how many riders got, by the way, there's nobody having that conversation except for him and Justin. Justin probably the only person gasping him up. Like, yeah, you can get with Kendrick, knock it off, you better leave. Kendrick will wipe better leave K alone with Kanye West. Leave K that alone please. And I, before a Drake battle, I would've said that Kendrick Kanye don't want no smoke with Kendrick on no microphone.


Cut it Out. Well so that the conversation happened. Now granted this full audio and context came out last night, but this was previewed at their Grammy party that Kanye had. So people were recording this. So this has been on the internet for some time way before last night when Drake came out in Australia. So then you hear him say, oh, Drake is dead now because of Kendrick. So then Drake makes this grand entrance and he has a, a speech that he says at the opening night in Australia, let's take a listen to Drake on tour in Case coming to tonight, I started doing music in 2008. I come all the way to Canada.


The year is now 2025. And no matter what Drizzy, Drake is very much alive and that's all thanks to you. So Drake on stage says he ain't even have to say he is very much alive. He was like, you ain't even have to say that. Oh, people are saying he's so extra I Wouldn't pay Kanye. No mind. Like that's what you gotta do. You just, you can't pay him any mind at all. That's how he just goes away. I think he more bothered by just Kendrick in general and Kanye threw some more attention on it. He walked out game And Smoke, have a song. Drake has to stop playing the victim. Roman, You know how he does that thing where him and tubs walk out Every, every tour, every concert they walked out there was smoke.


He had like holes in his shirt. I don't know if it was just fashion Biracial love to play The victim. It was given. I'm revived, I'm Here. Drake, listen, Drake gotta stop playing the victim role. None of them guys can play the victim role. It was friendly rap competition. Jake Cole said on first person shooter, he felt like Muhammad Ali Drake said he felt like the goat. Kendrick said it's not the big three, it's just big. Me and Kendrick proved it. He got one more week. He just gotta live through one more week and then then it'll start to calm down. No it won't. Yes it will. It's going get worse after the Super Bowl. I just, After the Super Bowl performance, this guy just went, this guy just went five for five for a dis record against you. Right. Crazy. But then it's the, the then it's the Super Bowl and and then there's nothing else after that for a long time. You know, y'all been saying, y'all been saying that for eight months. I don you like getting, people are hoping that that the grand tidal wave just goes away.


No, no saying Grammy, I'm very much alive. I'm very much there. Like what the whatcha talking about? I'm very much alive. Y'all okay. Like It's So girly, like With holes in your sweat as smoke coming out your back like, like you a victim. Like cut it out. You went, you and that man went up. Y'all went head up. He didn't shoot you in the back. Right? Y'all went head up. He Had holes on the front too. Oh He did? Yeah. Oh, okay. One more week he got mama. Nah, it start to calm down after one more Week. I think the Super Bowl gonna reinvent it for a little bit of time. Like, I don't know when he comes back, but I don't know. Got one More week. Just we won't need a couple more. Who's in the sweatshirt after that? Well, switching gears here. This is a, a a, a sadder story or it's a report.


This is, so right now there, there are rumors in alleged reports circulating that Irv Gotti, who I know is a friend to the room, is currently on life support. Now this from what is being alleged is because a of a stroke that he had that left him on the life support situation. And there have been a couple people that have like, you know, just spoke out and, and just are are sending him prayers right now. We don't have details, we don't have confirmation of anything. But we do know that like Russell Simmons posted and, and talked about, you know, he spoke to Irv not too long ago and gave him the number to a person that he wanted him to talk to about his health. He agreed that he needed the attention. He promised that he would come, I think come over to the, the resort that in Bali.


Yeah, the Bali where Russell Simmons is. And a lot of people go there for like health and wellness and undergo some tests and begin like natural and medical treatments. So he said that I promised him if he came that he would, you know, get better. So obviously Irv has been dealing with some stuff and we know that the last last time we saw him, it was when he was, you know, walking on that cane. Yeah. And there were reports about a stroke then. So Russell Simmons and a few other people are sending some love. We're sending love and just, you know, praying for the best of absolutely As wealth, man take care of yourself people. And we was talking me and Charlamagne was talking, he's like, Irv is one of those ones like Mike Geronimo, Ja Rule, Ashanti DMX. He was the one that that you know, helped DMX in his career. Even JayZ helped Jay in his career when he was needed produce. Can I live? So he's definitely one of those ones.


Dj? Yeah, he sure did. Yeah. DJ from Queens, DJ Irv so that all the Prayer Warriors gather around and send it up for him. Absolutely. Alright, well that was just with the mess. Thank you. Thank You. Thank you Lauren. Now when we come back, Morgan's gonna be joining us and then Wendy Williams is gonna be checking in. So don't go anywhere. It's The Breakfast Club. Good morning, You are checking out The Breakfast Club Charlamagne to God here. And I want you to let Audible expand your life by listening. Tap into your wellbeing with audio books, podcast and originals on better health relationships, finance and more, and reach the goals you set for yourself. Sign up today for a free 30 day trial@audible.com. Morning everybody. It's DJJ NV, just hilarious.


Charlemagne the guy. We are The Breakfast Club. Let's get in some front page news. Morgan, what's up? Listen, Have you ever ordered something and you know it was being shipped from China and you know, it takes a little while, right? Well, right now I would just suggest don't order anything from China right now. You know, we got the tariffs and stuff going on. So United States Postal Service is no longer accepting packages from China or Hong Kong. As of Tuesday, the USPS released a statement saying they are suspending international package acceptance from China and Hong Kong. Post until further notice now letters and flat envelopes will still be accepted. The news comes after President Trump announced a 25% tariff on China and after China imposed retaliatory tariffs of their own.


Yes, China is slapping tariffs on some US products retaliation for, in retaliation for President Trump's enactment. Now Beijing said overnight that it will charge extra tariffs on 15% on coal and liquified natural gas along with 10% on crude oil farm equipment and some cars starting next week over the weekend. Of course, Trump signed 10% tariffs on China in addition to existing 25, 20 5% tariffs that already applied in his first term. So what do you guys think about that? The machine packages them fashion Novi packages. They not coming. And Timo damn That happened during Trump's first administration though.


Like, we forget. We forget that because, you know, COVID happened, but right before Covid it was exactly the same thing. So, you know, So how long this this RA be on? Why we woo when the last time you ordered from T-Mobile, Not Tmobile, but Fashion Nova. She Fashion? No. Which one Is it? Fashion Nova. I, I ordered from all of them, but I ordered Fashion Nova like yesterday. But they said just the United States Post Office. What about, is there other ways to get it here besides just the post? Oh, you know what, you know what it does say that the US Postal Service is no longer accepting packages. So maybe if you have like a DHL or something else that your packages, I'm gonna look into that one for you guys. Yeah, Because I have like, that's where I get my, I get my product from China too.


So what we talking about? That's crazy. Hey, hey, you might wanna look into that. I have an update on the plane crash helicopter crash here in Washington DC All 67 victims in last week's deadly mid-air collision in DC have been recovered. Officials confirmed the news on Tuesday, an American Airlines plane collided with an army black haw helicopter causing both to fall in the Potomac River. The cockpit and tail of the regional jet were recovered earlier in the day. The crash was the deadliest in the US since 2011. Meanwhile, the investigation continues into the plane crash of the medical jet that was in northeast Philly as well that killed seven people on Friday night. Transportation Secretary Sean Duffy says investigators should be able to determine why the jet crash just moments after takeoff and Philadelphia Mayor Sherell Parker also weighed in on the commentary saying the crash could have been much more devastating.


Let's hear from those officials, Even though this crash was so devastating, there are remains, whether it's the engines, the wings that they can look at and get answers to what took place here. When you look through the footage and you think about what could have been had a gas line been hit. Yeah. So the black box has been recovered from the plane and officials say at least 24 people on the ground were injured. Four remain hospital and two are critical among those injured. And that incident was a young boy named Trey Howard, who most recently woke up after having surgery. Now the 10-year-old boy was injured by a piece of debris that was struck, hit his head as stuck in his head as he was shielding and, you know, protecting his little sister.


Now, Trey's father Andre says he, they, he was out picking up donuts with his kids when the jet crashed. Wow. The child was rushed to the hospital and where he did go, he underwent emergency surgery. He is awake and recovering and even talking. And he heard that he's a celebrity. So shout out to Trey Howard. And he's also been deemed a hero for protecting his sister. You know, I I I get what they're saying about how things could have been worse, but when a crash kills everybody involved, there is zero reason to say things, you know, could, could have been worse. Because that's as bad as it gets for all of those families who had to hear that, you know, one of their people got killed in that plane crash.


Yeah. Yeah. I'm, which I get what you was trying to say. If it would've hit a power line, more people would've been dead. But Like you said, everybody died that this, this, as bad as this is as terrible as it could possibly get right now. Like, this is bad, It's bad enough, period. You're right. Right. And speaking of which, let's switch gears to la The LA fires wildfires have officially been contained, but California's largest home insurer is asking state officials for an emergency rate hike that averages 22%. State Farm general claims of Los Angeles County fires have a, have had a significant impact on its ability to continue operating in California. State Farm said they received at least 8,700 claims and have paid more than $1 billion to customers adding that.


It expects to pay out even more. The company is asking for rate hikes of 38% for rental dwellings and 15% for tenants with those rates of taking effect on May 1st. So it's like you give them a little bit of a That's not fair. Like, that's Not like I'm like, you give it a little, a little bit of wiggle room to recover and then by the way, your rate's gonna go up. Nah. But State Farm on Monday that it, that the request is necessary to rebuild, to rebuild its capital base. That's not fair. Nah. 'cause there's people that's been paying homeowner's insurance has never used it ever in their life. And now, you know, it's a gamble that they take, right? Because there's a lot of times people don't never use their homeowner's insurance and still have to pay. But now you're saying, okay, all this insurance that people have been paying, you don't have the money to pay these people out.


And they're saying, well now you gotta pay a 20. That's not right. That is, that is not right. And imagine, well, not to say it like this, imagine being impacted, but imagine not being impacted and still having to, you know, it's Just Say that's not right Across the board. It's just terrible. So, but yeah, I'll keep you guys posted as to everything that's happening on the front page. That's your front page news. I'm Morgan Wood, follow me on social at Morgan Media. And for more news coverage, follow us at Black Information Network. Download the free iHeartRadio app and visit us@bnnews.com. Thank y'all. Have a good one. Peace. Thank you boo. Alright, when we come back, Wendy Williams is checking in. She has an update of what's going on with her. So we are gonna talk to her Next. You know what's interesting? Wendy wants to talk about that lawsuit that is being filed against Lifetime and a and e.


Okay. That she, that's what she wants to talk about. You know, they, they, her, her guardian filed a lawsuit against Lifetime in a and e saying that Wendy wasn't in her right mind to sign that that contract, which makes no sense because she was the guardian at the time that she signed the contract, but makes no sense, but know she'll talk about it. Alright, We'll get to that next. It's The Breakfast Club. Good morning. The Breakfast Club Ine, you And I have known each other for a long time, you know what I'm saying? Yes. And, and we've got good money. Isn't there such thing to you as blood money? Like money you don't want, you don't care what amount of money it is. I can remember a check you had to write when we worked together at WBLS and you put that on the check. You put four blood money.


Thank you. Oh my God. Oh my God. You didn't approve that. You had to write the check and you put four blood money. So you've been pretty consistent about this your whole life. Thank you. Thank you. Well, look, I'm dealing with these court people and my guardian person and, and that is the big deal. So, you know what? I don't have frontal temporal dementia, you know what I'm saying? It's disgusting. That is a very rare thing for anybody to have. You understand what I'm saying? It's like one of those types of things where I'd be a blithering idiot. Like, I can't take a shower, I can't dress myself, I can't speak, I can't listen. I can't, I like, I can't. Well, when did, who, who dressed you when you was in the window for that TMZ doc?


Because that was nice. You had the black catsuit on with the wig and the knit Well, well, excuse me. Excuse me. That was me doing for myself, you know what I'm saying? With a few bits of clothing that I got from storage, you know what I'm saying? But, okay. You know what it was re it's real. I'm on the fifth floor and you know, the fifth floor, as I told you this is called the Memory Unit. It is for the people who live here that I guess don't remember anything at all. And I've seen the people, you know, when I order lunch, you know what I'm saying? And they're not bad people. You know, they're older And I don't care if they're my age group, you know what I'm saying? Clearly. Like who are these people? Why am I here? You know what I'm saying?


And by the way, as I told you before, you know, to take the elevator, it's a locked unit on the fifth floor, you know what I'm saying? The memory unit floor. Well, And I literally, I do everything in the bedroom. You know, there's a gym to work out here, And I have yet for my guardian person to make this person or whatever, whatever. So I can work out Sabrina Morrissey, my money, Sabrina Morrissey, you know what I'm saying? Sabrina Morrissey is her name and she can't even go to the gym. Well, yes. You know, in, in the meantime, I am not incapacitated. I am not a baby. You know what I'm saying? But I guess, I guess for lifetime A and EI stand to win all that money. So I'm supposed to be a blubbering idiot.


You Know what I'm saying? So what you're saying, Wendy, is the lawsuit that was filed by Sabrina Morrissey acting in her capacity as your guardian. She bought a lawsuit against a and e and it claimed that the contract the company broke to shoot the documentary wasn't valid since you didn't have the legal or mental capacity to authorize your participation in the title at the time. Listen, I have to tell you something about my life. You know what I'm saying? And Charlemagne, you've known me for a long enough time, you know what I'm saying? I haven't had liquor in years now. Yes. You know, who doesn't, who doesn't go through problems in their life, you know, divorce, this, that, and the third, you know, and then, then all of a sudden I got involved with this guardianship person, a judge attorney.


Like my life has been, Hold on though, Wendy. One thing at a time. Sa Brina Morris. Okay. No, let me, okay. Wait, wait, wait. Whoa, whoa, whoa. Let me, let me just, let me just address one, one important thing, okay? Okay. Okay. Okay. I have been liquor free for years. And listen, it is not a big deal when somebody around me, you know what I'm saying, enjoys what they enjoy. You know what I'm saying? But that is not for me. You wanna know why? 'cause I don wanna be sharp and tight. You know what I'm saying? Because when I get outta this guardianship, ugh, I don't even wanna go into it. But I've already told you about it. Charlamagne. Yes, you did. How I feel. Yes. You said, and the way I'm gonna move, You said you wanna date and Oh my No, no.


Aside from that Emini here, that's what You talking about the stuff. I think you talking about the best Stuff. Right? And just enjoying your life, Wendy. He done took it so Long. Listen, listen, listen, listen, listen. I want to be in a lovely relationship with Right. With one person forever. In order to do that, you have to date, you have to date a lot. But that's not what I'm talking about so much though. Listen, I've been in this guardianship for this long of amount of time and now a and e lifetime, this lawsuit. Please, I don't want that. I don't want a dime from that. I don't want any part of that. You know what I'm saying? So it's a, they insist on me telling everybody that I have frontal temporal dementia. You know, Robbie Kaplan went on TMZ and talked about it.


Now I love TMZ, you know what I'm saying? And I'm watching and they're talking about me and I'm like, oh my God, this person, Robbie Kaplan is saying that, oh my gosh, that Wendy has good days and bad days. And when she's this and like, excuse me, frontal temporal dementia is a very, very serious thing and very rare. I might add, well, when, how dare like, like of all the things that you come up with, you know what I'm saying? Absolutely. All right. We have more with Wendy Williams when we come back. Don't move. It's The Breakfast Club. Good morning. Morning everybody. It's Djj Envy, Jess. Hilarious. Charlemagne the guy. We are The Breakfast Club. Lauren La Rose is hanging with us as well.


And we're still kicking in with Wendy Williams. Charlemagne, I was looking at these court documents and the one thing that stood out to me is said, because there is no single diagnostic test for FTD, the frontal dementia, the process for diagnosing it on average takes more than three years from the diseases onset. How they, how can they keep saying you have it when it, when it takes three years to diagnose? Well, they've taken away, they've taken away my phone. So I can't, I can't, you know, scroll stuff on my phone to learn about things, you know what I'm saying? I haven't had my phone. You know, this woman has my phone, you know, marina Morrison, this woman has my life basically. You know what I'm saying? And by the way, I told you where I am.


The for it goes between like I told you where I'm living, correct? Yes. Okay. I don't wanna go over that. It's very expensive, you know, but you know, this whole thing about frontal temporal dementia is ridiculous. And I don't want this lawsuit. I don't want it at all. I want a shout out though to the people at Lifetime. You know, I've been in business with them before. You know what I'm saying? I did a couple of things there. They're good people to me. What would be, And I would love to do business with them again. So you did, This is not about Lifetime. So when you, it's about these two people. So you're basically saying, Sabrina, it's not true that you didn't have the legal or mental capacity to authorize, you did have the legal or mental capacity to authorize your participation and title.


They just told you that it would be positive and beneficial to you. Excuse me. And you wanna know what? And don't forget about the black man, you know, the black man's name. William Will, will Selby. Yes. Oh my God. Will Selby is like a wolf in sheep's clothing. Like really Will. So you don't want the Lawsuit against Lifetime because you didn't sign, you signed, you signed it knowing what you were signing. No, I didn't know what I was signing. I, I guess, I guess I, you know what? It was so long ago, there were so many people in the apartment from Lifetime a and e Lifetime, you know, there's so many people in my apartment. There were so many people when we were going out. There were a lot of people. And I was, you know, along for the ride. 'cause I'm the star. You know what I'm saying? Got you.


So when she began, because, because a and e is saying that you were not mentally incapacitated when you signed the agreement for the documentary that they did. But then Sabrina came out and said that they were taken advantage of you because you couldn't make any of your own business decisions. Like what, was there a conversation that Sabrina had with you before she filed her, like, the claims? Like what was that about? Did you tell her you didn't want the lawsuit? I Don't know anything about Sabrina as far as that. Like I said, I only know about that person when we watched it together on tv. You know, she was never a part of this. I I always said to myself, oh, well what does a guardian do for me other than keep my money safe? Allegedly, well, at this point I'm talking about money allegedly.


Because now, you know, my guardian person is represented by this expensive law firm. Right. Did I talk to you about this, Charlemagne? I don't think so. Well, I don't think you have to get into all of that. But you, you, the moral of the story is you don't if, if, Excuse me, excuse me, but it's my money. It's my money that my guardian is using for regarding this lawsuit. Yes. And my money is slowly, I guess dwindling away. I have no idea. You know what I'm saying? My wallet is depleted with a few dollars. You understand? And I've been in this situation for over three years. I was about to say that, Wendy, according to reports you were put into the conservatorship May, 2022.


So if that, you know, front temporal dementia takes three years right now, it would be really difficult for you to, you know, just track this conversation you're having with us. 'cause that it's 2025. It's a, it's a, it's a very serious and rare disease. Frontal, frontal temporal dementia. Yeah. If you call it a disease, I have no idea. Yeah. It feels like when you signed this contract for the show, you knew you was participating in the show. You just didn't know that they was gonna make you look the way that they, they made you look. And now that, that she's Listen, Listen, listen. It was only one time, you know, and we were at, you know, a court thing, you know what I'm saying? And, and they were talking about it and they were talking about, you know, And I said, oh, what are you talking about?


I would win what, $1 million? And I was told, oh, no, no, no, no, no, no, no. You know what I'm saying? You Mean when you Said, And I didn't ask how much? 'cause it didn't matter. You know what I'm saying? When it was, at first I was like, well, okay, I guess, but quickly, you know, like the day later I'm like, no, I don't want that. I don't want that. And I'll continue to say, I don't want that. I don't want the lawsuit. I don't wanna be a part of it. You know, if my guardian person wants money from her, then she can do the suing on your, on her behalf. And she could be the one to get the money. Not me. It is blood money. I don't want it. So once again, Wendy, they Yes. They had you, you, she's saying you didn't have the legal or mental capacity to authorize your participation.


You're saying you did And that you met one time and after that you changed your mind. Correct? Correct. And, and by the way, and by the way, you know, like I said, I don't want that kind of money. You know, I've worked with Lifetime several times, you know what I'm saying? Yep. Enough that I would love to do something with Lifetime. Again, they are good people to me, and I'm good people to them. Absolutely. All right. We have more with Wendy Williams when we come back. It's The Breakfast Club. Good morning. Morning everybody. It's the EJ NV Jess. Hilarious Charlamagne, the guy. We are The Breakfast Club. Laura la is here with us as well. And we're still kicking it with Wendy Williams. Charlemagne, Are you gonna be able to go see your father? Well, I thought that I was, and now it is.


I don't want to talk about that. Okay. Okay. If you know what I'm saying. Yeah. It's, It's not definite anymore. Yes. Excuse me, sorry. But I do say that, you know, I wanna shout out to some people who've been very good to me. Okay. Including Charlamagne specifically, but, and Lauren, you, you two. But listen, it, it is about Harvey Levin at TMZ, you know, Charlamagne, you And I have talked with Harvey and that spectacular thing starring me happens next Wednesday the 12th. February 12th. It's on Tubby. Yep. On Tuby. Yes. You know, we have just hilarious here. She's a Tubi star and The Breakfast Club, are you? Yes.


She's Been in a lot of movies on Tubby. And The Breakfast Club comes on the tv. Wow. Yeah. Thank you Wendy. Wow. This is, It's not about Nancy. Well, I also want, I I also wanna give Good talk to, 'cause I love my attorney. My attorney is Tu I don't wanna say the wrong last name. Tu Tu Simmons. Tu Simmons. You brought In a new attorney? No, Not Simmons. That's Russell. Simmons. Dare you. That crazy. No, it's to salmon. Salmon, Salmon. Okay. No salmon. Yeah. So that's your new attorney? Oh, yes. And she is a good woman to me. Okay, Good. Okay. Well, well, good.


So, so, so by, By the way, by the way, she also told me, now, Wendy, you know, that frontal temporal dementia, what in The World? You know what I'm saying? So Yeah, I don't understand the diagnosis of frontal temporal dementia, because literally in your court papers, it says there is no single diagnostic test for FTD and the process for diagnosing FTD on average takes more than three years from the disease's onset. So they have, it hasn't even been enough time for them to properly test you for that yet. So I don't know why they're going around saying that you have that and How do you get that? Like, like how do you get that? Like what do you go through? I don't even know about it. I can't even, I can't even Google it. I can't even scroll it through my, through my phone. I don't have anything with it.


What they said was, they said for you it was alcohol induced. Well, al alcohol, I was talking about that. And you know what, I don't know anything about that specifically, but I do know. I do know that, yes. You know what I'm saying? Who doesn't drink wine? That turns into vodka? You know, at times in your life. You know what I'm saying? But I can tell you 100% you can test me anytime you want. I am alcohol free. And listen, I think I am not part of that. People who, oh my gosh. People who drink liquor. Oh, I hate them. It's, it's not that I hate them at all. You know what I'm saying? It's, it's my thing that I care to take care of it on my own behalf. You know what I'm saying?


Did they have to test you, retest you when you hide the new lawyer? 'cause they were saying that's something that, did they have to do what? Did they retest you for your health or anything when you decide decided to hire the new lawyer? Oh, no, no, no. I, I actually had, she was like a co attorney, you know what I'm saying? So I fired the main attorney, you know what I'm saying? The other day, you know what I'm saying? Okay. So you saw, saw that on tv. I fired her. Yeah. We reported. And so stepping into attorney position is, yeah. Yeah. They were a black woman. And I told you, you know, We reported on it, Wendy, and they were, what I was, what I was told was that the judge might ask just to get the retesting, just to make sure that when you're making these decisions about your attorney, you, you know what you're doing.


But I, I was saying that that would help you. That's what me and Jess were talking about, if they did do that. Yeah. So I didn't know if that came up yet. No, my, at my attorney, my attorney is very good to me. Sadat salami. Got you. Yeah. Okay. She's very good attorney. She's been very good to me. You know what I'm saying? Because I don't know all the intricacies even after all these years, you know what I'm saying? Of what an attorney does, what a judge does, what a guardian person does. What Emini here specifically, other than, ugh, you know, my life, I'm done with this crime. Well, we're, we're, we're, we're rooting for you. And you know, we're, we're always here for you to get your, get your messaging out. And you know, I, I love when you call up, 'cause I think people are reminded of, of, of how erratic you are when you talk.


So you're all over the place. Thank you. So this, this has nothing to do with anything other than Wendy Williams being Wendy Williams. Yeah. But, but it's disgusting that I have a fake frontal temporal dementia. It's fake. Yeah. Especially if somebody's trying to fall, file a lawsuit on your behalf. And they're using that to try to win this lawsuit against a and e, which you say you don't want no parts of the lawsuit. Exactly. Yeah. Wow. Well, By the way, by the way, Charlemagne in the window. How does my liposuction and breast implant look? You look tight. That's why I said, you said you, you're not working out. You look tight. You was snatched up, baby. Yeah, You, thank you. Listen, listen, when I saw through the window, you know, on TMZ, I was like, damn.


You know what I'm saying? I wish my bangs weren't so down. But you know what, it wasn't, it was the window And I had to look down to talk, you know what I'm saying? And you couldn't see my whole body, you know what I'm saying? Sorry. You coulda you should have stood up on the, in the, you know, and pulled the wig forward so we could see, Listen, listen, 29 years ago I got that done for me liposuction and breast implants. Wow. Just saying. And they still sitting. Yeah. They still people be having out every 10 years. Yeah. No, listen. Alright, so everybody today, oh, You know, hey, talking about Wendy real quick. You know, I wanted to tell you, I was talking to Cardi B yesterday and she said that when you come home, she wants to introduce you to some people. 'cause you know, you just mentioned a couple of things, you know, as far as getting a little nip tuck here and there she was like, she wanted to introduce you to some people so you know, you can get real.


Right? So you can be back on these streets and find a, find a man. Listen, let tell you something, Cardi B is my cursing of interest, you know, to say I love me from Cardi V. Thank you. Cardi V. And, and one other thing, I'll definitely take you up on that. And I, I told you this before, but I wanna say it publicly. There's a, a great new artist named Doce. She just won a Grammy this past Sunday. She has a song called Denial is a River, based off that time that guy called in, or that woman called into the radio show to tell you that her husband was gay. Yes. And she Just, she just won a Grammy this past Sunday. And she, she reenacted the reenacted that scene and everything. Who, who was the DJ she had in there with her? Lauren? It was Doey.


And I wanna say I was back and forth watching that on tv. Yes, yes, yes, yes, yes. Yeah. I was back and forth watching that. Okay. We love you, Wendy. But, but I, I, listen, I, I love the people are rooting for me and not everybody is rooting for me. Some people wanna see me fail, but I will not fail. I will always win. Absolutely. As long as I've got great people on my side and me, myself, And I. Absolutely. And Miss Milan is her name. Doce and Miss Milan recreated the Wendy Wim experience for that video for the Den Denial of River Video. Wow. Yes. So did, did How, how creative. That's right. So the young, the young girls, you know, you an influence on them too. I, I listen, I love that. I love that. Alright everybody, I've gotta go back to this dying facility watching TV and spending my time.


Alright, Wendy. Peace. It's a, it's a luxury prison. Goodbye.


Peace, Goodbye, peace to the planet. Charlemagne to God here. And I just want you to know, if you're not on Amazon Prime, you're seriously missing out. It's not just about the fast free delivery, although let's be real, that's a game changer. It especially was for me, this holiday season. Prime is like your personal guide to everything you're into or want to get into. Whether it's binge watching the latest hit on Prime video, you know, listening to your favorite playlist on Amazon music or getting those last minute gifts, which same day, free delivery prime's got you covered. And here's the kicker. Prime isn't just about getting you closer to your passions. It's about helping you discover new ones too. Got a hobby. You're obsessed with Prime Fuels it. Trying something new Prime helps you dive deep into whatever's next. It's like me being passionate about mental health. You can order all kinds of books on mental health on Prime. My favorite is the Unapologetic Guide to Black Mental Health by Dr. Rita Walker. Prime gets you closer to what really matters, making all times of the year that much more special. Whether it's screaming your favorite movie, or getting that perfect gift delivered the same day, prime makes everything easy and stress free. Whatever you're into, it's on Prime. Visit amazon.com/prime now.


The World is constantly changing. It's up to you to decide how to respond. Choose to be bold to try something new. Choose to reinvent yourself. That's what Nissan did with the all new totally reimagined kicks. The dynamic new exterior styling immediately announces that Nissan isn't messing around the interior. A completely redesigned cabin with premium features like wireless Apple call play, and a panoramic moonroof make driving a kicks immersive and exciting. And with new performance and safety features, like Intelligent All-Wheel Drive, the kicks is both fun and safer to drive than ever before. It is the dawning of a brand new era for the Nissan Kicks. Only one question remains. Is it a new era for you as well? Drive the all new Reimagined Nissan Kicks today. Available Features compatible device service and consumer activation of Nissan Connect Services. Package required use only when safe and legal subject to third party service availability. For more information, see Nissan usa.com/connect/legal. Apple CarPlay is a trademark of Apple Link. Intelligent all-wheel drive cannot prevent collisions or provide enhanced traction in all conditions. Always monitor traffic and weather conditions.


Hey fam, this is Carlos Miller from the 85 South Show. If you're like me, you're always thinking about how to level up your career. Maybe you're fresh outta college, just starting in your field or even looking to switch things up and find your true calling. Whatever stage you're in, remember that this is your time to grow, to learn, and to build something that lasts. State Farm understands that early career development is key to long-term success. They've been a steady presence in our community and they know having the right support early can make all the difference. State Farm is there to help you make smart moves and to help you get the coverage you need. We all know that the journey to success is a marathon, not a sprint. It's all about staying focused, staying grounded, and making sure you're protected every step of the way. Let's build our careers with confidence, knowing that State Farm is there to support us just like they've always been because like a good neighbor State Farm is there. Find out more at State Farm dot com.


At t has a new guarantee because most things in life are not guaranteed. Like actually getting the rental car you've requested or your wedding turning out just like you dreamed it would. And someone making another pot of coffee in the break room after drinking the last drop of the last one. Yeah, don't get me started. Not guaranteed. In a world where nothing is guaranteed, at and t is bringing something new to the table. At and t is introducing a guarantee. With connectivity, you depend on deals you want and service you deserve or they make it right. So if you wanna know more about the at t guarantee, head to att.com/guarantee. At&t connecting changes everything, terms and conditions apply. Visit att.com/guarantee for details.


Morning, everybody. It it's DJ Envy. Just hilarious. Charlamagne the guy. We are The Breakfast Club. Let's get to just with the mess. Real. Just don't do Lying. Don't do, she don't nobody. Why Jess Worldwide On The Breakfast Club. She the cultureship, She was able to get y'all to see something and understand something that nobody could get you to see. It's time to set it door. So Lil Wayne said he not going to the Super Bowl. Yes, We knew that already. Kendrick going But that ain't sense. Don't mean he wasn't going hurt. That Hurt little Wayne feeling. Watch the game.


Especially since in New Orleans. Yeah, Emini here. Why wouldn't you go just 'cause Kendrick performing? Well, let's, Let's take listen to Wayne and what he said. Y'all know I'm not gonna be there this week, which means I guess there's a seat to feel. Shout out to New Orleans, but I've been working on something very special. I got something exciting coming for you Thursday the sixth till then. I'm just chilling. Why, why are folks trying to step on the moment? Like, What are we talking About? Because I think he felt like he had to respond because people did think that he was gonna be a special guest performer of Kendrick's. I Don't think anybody thought that. Nobody even thought that.


Nobody ever thought, I never, I never really thought it. I heard it, but I never really thought that was Happen. There's been conversation. So I think he feel like he had to shut down the rumors. Well, I wouldn't do that if I was Wayne. I wouldn't want to be a special guest on Kendrick's set. Just 'cause it's in New Orleans. I'm still a little Wayne at the day. And if you got something going on on the sixth, what that got to do with the knife? Exactly. I I don't Trying to step on Kendrick's moment. It's corny man. Cut it out. Well, in other news. So there have been since, since the last time we talked about it, there have been some new Diddy reports. So, oh God, No. This is, this is one of them. Okay. So you know, more accusers have come out a couple Jane Doe couple John do, but specifically, and even before that, Didi was actually taken to the hospital in the middle of the night as well too.


A couple days ago. Correct. For something with his knee. He had had a knee surgery before His knee. Yes, he had knee surgery before all of this stuff happened. So I guess maybe he was in pain. So His knee hurt and they just take him to the hospital. That's what they saying, Take him up to jail. But they had to take him out of the jail in the middle of the night too. Another facility, which normally to me says something else is going on like something more serious. But you Know. So you doing the bending? Nah, he doing the knee. Well, what's going on? Jesus, listen, Speaking of, there's a John dog accuser who says that, did he forced him in a new lawsuit? Did he force him to coat his body with baby oil before sexually assaulting him? Oh God, I'm not mature enough for these kind of conversations. He, he forced them. Yeah.


How big is this dude? What? I don Know if his weight is listed in this new lawsuit, but this guy He might because he holds yourself up, but he was forced by little dick. Little dig gets crazy yourself up. He might be a little bulky though, because he says that him and Diddy's relationship goes back to 2007. He was working as an adult. This is the John Doe. He was working as an adult entertainer in Las Vegas. And he says that Diddy used to hire him for, you know, to like come and dance and strip at, I guess different parties did he was having or something. But he said, Okay, all right. So because you already be doing, okay, so he's a dancer. So dancers be oily already like slippery.


That's the part of the, that's a part of what you do, You know. Well, he says when the oil got introduced, when the baby oil got introduced, that's when him and Didi's relationship went left. He says, What? What you mean it went left? I'm a Strip for you. But the moment you put off some oil silver, like, but To your point, they already be glistening anyway. Yeah. I Ain't never seen no dry ass dancer. Well, he says that after applying the baby oil, he would become sleepy, disoriented, confused, exhausted, drowsy, weak, sluggish and numb. Baby It was spike. That's what they're saying. But you know, remember in the indictment, like in the indictment, when that all first happened, people were trying to say that they found like baby oil that was spiked with stuff, which prosecutors didn't confirm that.


But that was like a rumor or whatever. I I was gonna say, I never heard that It was mentioned in one of the lawsuits, but it was just like in conversation. It wasn't an allegation. But this is an allegation. He's saying that that is what happened to him when the baby oil was put on him. Okay. He said this happened to the point where he would have to unknowingly comply to things that and Diddy demands. And he was essentially coerced into different sexual acts. He says in several encounters, Diddy squirted large amounts of baby oil onto his skin. Cody, whatcha you Laughing? Stop laughing. I, and now this is crazy. Have some Maturity about you, man, He kept paralyzing him every time he moved he Would, did he sted large amounts of baby oil onto the man's skin. Jesus co his body so heavily in the substance that it would feel like he cooking Chicken. That it with juice balls.


Yeah. Put canola oil on that Meat. Oh no. Lightly coat That dark meat with that oil. Create a nice Sr. Continue all on. Among The sex acts that Diddy allegedly coerce this dancer to do while performing drowsy and confused, he says that it would be masturbate. Oh wait, can I Say you can say masturbation, Masturbation, intercourse and intercourse with Diddy's female companions and ejaculation on the woman's body or her mouth. Get it off each chest. The guy claims that Diddy would often closely monitored to ensure he was penetrating the woman by putting his face next to their genitals. And he also claims that Diddy once rubbed the man's Can't say that rubbed the man's.


Yeah, Just say yeah. The S word. It sound like did I can say that. What comes out of the man's? It sounds like he Executive producing. Okay. Can't rub it out. He, he sound like Didi. Executive producing Sound like he in the studio, He says that he would rub it, he would rub it on the woman's that Didi would rub it on the woman's body and then lick it off the woman's body. Oh, Diddy. What? Wait a minute, what happened to the man? Now The Man, so it's coming. Oh no, no, No, I'm not saying that. So He was in the man stories. Like what, what comes out the man that's, He's using the glaze. So he's using the man's glaze. Puts it the woman glaze the woman According to this man And then needs the glaze. He l It. Okay, this is a little too much Off of the woman. Mm. This is getting a little too far. And the docs, the man says that he always believed he would be able to resist like any sexual advances going into different encounters.


But he says he found himself unable to do so. Once did he applied the baby oil to his body. He claims that this let on for years. And with a lot of empty promises did, he said he would make a music star and he blackmailed him with videos of the different encounters. And the guy says he finally worked up the courage to file a lawsuit after Cassie Sue Diddy and the mogul was arrested. His attorney Lisa Bloom, says she's very proud of her client. And this is a new case, but this case will not rest until justice is served. And I Know y'all be all lie saying people be glazing eating the glaze is crazy, crazy, Crazy. My God. Yes. Licking, allegedly. Yeah. Well, whatever. But yo, It's in his mouth. We wanna point it. Pause. This is just so weird. Like this went on allegedly glaze for years.


Allegedly. I'm allegedly. So allegedly this went on for years. Like Yes. Yeah. And Diddy is nineties claims in a statement via his legal Team. You wanted to do music this bet Like you know what, Emini here, this is that. This is my, this is what Bad. Like you wanted to do music boys Come out as Yes, Yes. You know, we had to do, This Is what you want. Now you know, we, y'all you told Me to be mature. Oh My God. I know. I told you crazy beginning. I'm not mature enough for this conversation. Well, yeah, Emini here he wanted it was the mix tape the album. He wanted something to come out. Damn. He Got a song. He got it. No, I don't know what came. He said it was empty promises. He never, he Just told us what came out. Okay. And then he allegedly ate it.


Okay. Y'all making donuts. This Is crazy. That's weird. For years. For years all you got was donut. You gotta make the donuts, Jess. That's Wild. You have to make the donuts. We're making the donuts right now. This I've done This morning. Done. Thank you Lord. Okay. You have to make the donut Disgust. I just wanted let You know and wait to see where this Goes. I enjoyed It. Lord. I could never eat it. Glazed donut every again. How about is me now? Yeah. The fact that you got me thinking did, did he Executive producing sex. Now he's sitting here with his head on that. You know what? Yeah. Charlamagne, who, who you giving you a donkey to before After the hour? We need Raymond Aro. Shout to Raymond. Why? Who he give you your donut to? That's disgusting. So you giving Alea, I can't pronounce his last name.


Arroyo. We need him come to, we need him to come to the front of the congregation. We like to have a world with him. Please. Ah boy. I don't take nothing serious up here. Thank you Lord. Nah, it's just, when you hear about Diddy and men, it's just, it's it's funny. It's funny. I don't know what to tell y. Yeah, yeah man. These Every, these stories aren't insane. Yeah. These are stuff out of a Zane book. Like, yo, you know what Emini here, like Tyler, it's Tyler Perry can. Right? And Tyler Perry write crazy. Z Kaza is is cool. But yeah, like Tyler Perry, this is something that would be on a Tyler Perry show. Yes. An episode of Sisters. Yes. You can't tell me Tyler ain't sitting around getting inspired like, oh my God, My grandma Be Watching sisters that's on There. Yeah. No, all types of stuff on sisters. Oh my God. But it's like, come on y'all, come on. You did this yourself. All right. Alright. When we cut, put the donuts down guys, no donuts this morning yourself.


Put the donuts, the glazed donuts down donkey and the day is up next. Ah, it's The Breakfast Club. Good morning. Wake up. Wake up. You're locked into The Breakfast Club. Peace to the planet Charlemagne. Tha God here. And I want you to know that our audible picker today is Atlas of the Heart. Tap into Brene Brown's incredible insight on understanding emotions and making meaningful connections. Listen, when you sign up for a free trial at audible.com/breakfast club, we wanted to know how you came up with the donkey because you're mean I'm not, what did I do? A bunch of donkey. That Is why Charlemagne, if we live a life where we fight our tongue based off who we may, we never would say, Damn, throw it.


Hey, give It to on The Breakfast Club. In the words of Charlamagne to God, he's a donkey. That Was, Oh man. Charlemagne, you giving Donkey Day to who now? Well, Buster Rhymes donkey today for Wednesday, February 5th goes to Raymond Arroyo. Raymond is an American author, journalist and producer who appeared on Fox this week, Fox News, to discuss all things Grammys. And I let the record show this is one of the best Grammys I've seen in a long time. Drop on a cruise bump for the Grammys this year personally to me. All right. To me, they got a lot right? Rhapsody winning best melodic rap performance for 3:00 AM with Queen Erykah Badu, Doce winning best rap album for Alligator Bites, never Hill Kendrick Lamar going five for five for the greatest disc record of all time, not like us.


And of course Beyonce winning Best Country album and album of the year. Now there there's debates, you know, about all of these people and all of these different awards that were won and who should have won and why. I saw people saying Doce is an industry plant. People think the Grammys gave Kendrick all those awards despite Drake. And of course Beyonce winning in Best Country album was gonna piss some people off. And Raymond is one of those people because he was on Laura Ingram's show on Fox. And he had this to say, let's listen. Now what do you make of that? You know, legendary country artist, Beyonce winning for Best Country album. I wanna put this in some context. Laura Dolly Parton has 10 Grammys. Frank Sinatra had 11 Grammys.


Beyonce has 35. How is that possibly commensurate with that talent? Emini here, come on. And what people don't know about the Grammys is everybody votes in every genre. You can vote in up to 20 genres. So basically Lady Gaga's cat sitter votes for, for you know, best reggae and best country album. True. So that's why you get this ridiculous outcome that has nothing to do with the country audience or the country musician. That's not true. Only people in the music industry vote for the Grammys. But you know, Raymond, if you don't feel Beyonce should win Best Country Album, fine. Okay? Maybe you thought post Malone F1 was better. Maybe you thought Lainey Wilson whirlwind was better. Maybe you thought Chris Stapleton High was better, I don't know.


But for you to sit up there and attempt to rain on Beyonce's black parade and hate on her for having 35 Grammys is utterly ridiculous. Okay? Once again, that's your opinion. But listen to the context of what he said. Dolly Parton has 10 Grammys. Frank Sinatra had 11 Grammys. Beyonce has 35. How? How does that possibly com What did he say commensurate with the talent. What did he say? I can't remember the word he used. But basically how, how does her talent equate to 35 Grammys? 'cause she's talented. Okay. Now you don't have to love Beyonce. You don't even have to like her music. But one thing you cannot deny is her talent. Okay? Dolly Parton and Frank Sinatra are incredible talents, legends, icon Living well icons one is living, but neither one of them have been dancing Instru since the age of 12.


Okay? Also, neither one of them are verbs. What do you mean Uncle Shala? Neither one of them are verbs. Beyonce is a verb. What? To be clear. 'cause my mother is an English teacher, she is a proper noun. Okay? Beyonce has a proper noun that is often used as a verb. You can say various things to people like you ain't Beyonce, okay? To remind folks you not excellent, you not as fly as you think you are. Okay? Use it in a sentence. Charlamagne, why you following zero people on Instagram? You not Beyonce. Okay, my point is, Raymond Dolly Parton herself has praised Beyonce's work. Dolly Parton is on Cowboy Carter. Okay? Remember what Dolly said about Beyonce on E-News about eight months ago? Listen, Beyonce covering Joey.


I Know. What are your thoughts on her version? Well I think it was very bold of her, but I love what she did to it And I was very proud of her album. I thought she did a great job in country music And I thought it was great. And I was just happy she did. Jolene, Listen Raymond, it it, it's not Apples and oranges. Okay? You gotta dig a little deeper on who is voting for Grammys and how they come to these conclusions. And if you mad at the voters now, oh you'd have been pissed off even more back then because you mentioned Frank Sinatra. You know the year he had two number one albums, he only won one Grammy and was nominated for five. And you know what he won for? Mm. His album couple.


Okay. That's crazy. Damn. His album cover, not his music. Look it up. He won his first Grammy in 1959 for only the Lonely and he won for the cover. On the cover. He was dressed as a sad clown Raymond. You can relate. All right? Now mind you, in 1959, he had only the lonely and come fly with me. He was nominated for five Grammys including Album of the Year. But he won for his album cover. So knock it off Raymond, the Grammys or the Grammys. Sometimes they get it right, sometimes they get it wrong. This year they got it absolutely right. And giving Beyonce 35 Grammys over her career is absolutely the right thing to do. But usually, you know, when you voting yes for Beyonce, you are getting it right and everyone is entitled to their opinion.


But Miley Cyrus thought Beyonce should have won. I think she knows more about music than the both of us, Raymond. All I'm saying man, is everybody is entitled to their own opinion. But sometimes our opinions can be wrong or sometimes our opinions can be rooted in hate. And Raymond as a person who can also be an objective hater, I am an objective hater. What you are doing is hating. But I saw Whoopi Goldberg get on your ass on your view yesterday. And I enjoyed what she had to say. Let's listen. She earned it. The thing you have, you know, you wanna, you wanna hold onto country music like white people didn't also buy her country album. Come on man.


Well people voted for it. Sometimes you win, sometimes you don't. Same with the Oscar. Sit down. Sit down. Oh no, that's right. She told you please let Chelsea handler give Raymond Arroyo the biggest. He haw. He haw, he haw. That is way too much Dan Mayonnaise. Yes it is. All right, I agree. Well Thank you for that donkey today. Now when we come back, TK Kirkland will be joining us comedian TK Kirkland. Hey. And we gonna talk to him next. It don't go anywhere as The Breakfast Club. Good morning. The Breakfast Club Everybody. It's D EJ Envy. Just hilarious. Charlamagne the guy. We are The Breakfast Club. Lauren La Rose is hanging with us as well.


We got a special guest in the building. TK Kirkland. How you doing brother? Doing Charlotte ladies, it's a pleasure. Good. A pleasure. Nice to meet you. It's good to see the beautiful women up early in the morning. Yeah. How cannot believe You just told me you was 65 years old. Yeah, I'm a og. For real. You really look good. Oh, I I'm supposed to Emini here. Yeah, but I'm just saying 65, you know, I don't really see these 60. You know what, I'm 60. I understand what you're saying though. I understand what you're saying. Yeah. But say thank you though. I take you serious. My apologies. Thank you young ladies. You're welcome. What the youngest, you go tk as far as ladies, the age cutoff. Long as the coat ain't cheap. Mm. I hate women with cheap coats. Okay. A cheap coat is a is is like I come fly and I'm picking you up and you got chi, I'll leave you there.


Damn. Right. Well how Long do you have to live to feel like you have a mental illness if you try to be a stepfather to Somebody? Well it, I'm glad you brought that up because it's not really mental illness. It's a lot of different stories. 'cause two things could be true at the same time. You're right. Right. So the thing about when I brought that question up, it all depends on what man or woman's receiving that information at that time. Hmm. Because there are some great moments. Yeah. There are people who raised beautiful children and stuck in the family. And then there are some disasters. It is of people who took on that responsibility in which they had nothing to do with in they life. And one story exact in point, a guy married a woman wasn't his kid, he signed up to be father, they got a divorce, he had to pay child support for another man's child.


But Don't you know if that, that guy knows when he signed, he signed a birth certificate is what you mean. Right? Right. Yeah. Well you know when you sign a birth certificate that that could come later down the line if something were to happen. Right. I totally agree with you. One saying, but most men when they come into relationship think it's a great thing. And then there's some women that'll make you want to just, some women that just have that thing about them. You say, I'll do anything for you until you get into it. And then most, some men, they come into money, they cocky, they feel a certain way until all their money run out. And then you go, damn, I don know how much I'm feeling You now. Exactly. Because once your money gone, I had a gentleman up in Harlem, he pulled me to the side and when he met the young lady, he was spending a lot of money. He had came into a lot of money. He spent it, he, after my interview, he pulled me outside.


He said tk, I dunno what to do. I said, what do you mean? He said, I was spending all this money was eating at all these restaurants And I just don't have it no more. I said, she only, she was only rocking with you 'cause you had money. I said, that's you thinking that she might really just like you for you. I said, you just gotta take your chances. But that's how most it was a young guy. So that's how some of these people think. So everything is just based on how you was raised, the people who rock around you. Okay. And your experiences. So It's not an in a mental illness, it's just No, It's not a mental illness. It's only goes on by a case by case Situation. It goes by case by case situation. Right. Okay. I just think when I said that at that moment. Right. That's what it was. His mental illness. Yes.


And what happened to The World is they attach on to things that are easily to argue about. Mm. Because nobody takes the time to Right. Take the emotion out. I always tell people, listen to the story. Don't put yourself in the story. What people do when they hear my story is they put themselves in the story. Mm. And then they become a victim. And then you become a victim. You attack me. 'cause you think I'm personally and talking about you, but I never mentioned nobody's name. They, they're an economy of garnering engagement through en arrangement. Yes. So they want you to be enraged so they can engage everybody on social media. Yes. That's how they get people going. Right. Yeah. 'cause I don't know you I I'm just speaking for, I don't give a damn.


You said that it is a completely unnatural thing. Like you are pretending to be something that you're not. But that Is true though. When you, when you go man's child. That's what I said step saying. You Did attach to that too. You said it's like when a, I, I forget you said a man or a woman, but basically someone pretends to be a sex that they're not. Yes. And here's the thing, I got two things about that. We're talking two about two different things. We talking about one but not talking about transgender. Yeah. She wasn't there with Right. I wasn't gonna go There. And I do talk about that on stage. I'm be confused. Yeah. So we got two things. Emini here. We can bring 'em up about mental illness. Okay. We talk stuff with you. First answer this's clear first, I think as acting, you meet a child or you meet a woman, she f And I want to meet your kids. You gonna hear playing with this kid? Ah, ain't your child.


It's my child though. You understand what I'm saying? I do. My point that I'm making it comes down to choices. Yeah. I love you. I'm gonna help look out for you. Okay. But nobody's never gave nobody the young kids the game and start they own legacy. They own foundation. They own line. The children. Okay. I get where you That's that's what Emini here. I'm not saying it's bad. I'm saying I'd rather for you to take the chance to risk to have your own family than to take a risk. You around Thanksgiving dinner. Everybody relate except you. Mm. That's just me. And I'm attached to think that. Yeah, you, I get Let's talk about the gay people. I get where You going? But That's not a form of mental illness though. No, No, no, no. It's not What I, that Was making an analogy.


Yeah. It, it was really part of my comedy skit. And I say it on stage just to get people in but, oh, because You lured me. But I didn't become a victim. It was just the fact that you was, it was how it was not, it sounded like you was describing like something like well let's trained About it step. It's a conversation that needs to be talked about It. No, it, it certainly is. Especially with the first thing that you bought about the guy sign and the, It's a conversation ate because we want people to make good decisions. Absolutely. Especially the young men. Yeah. We want young men not to just because a girl is beautiful, just because this and that. Think about the long term. Think about the, and it's not against the females that makes the, the female too make better choices as well to the men that she's gonna sleep with.


So when I'm on stage And I'm talking my game and I'm explaining why a man over here works hard, get his life together, you know, this one was in the Hampton Inn. I'm give a having a good time eating cheese eggs. Her life is destroyed And they get together now because he's a man. He got to risk everything up. Nah, I don't want that for my brothers. I want them to make a better, don't get me wrong, it happens, but it's not to put nobody down and to talk about the gays. I'm not against gay people. I get it now though. Yeah. But I'm gonna say to it is very important. Okay. Before I used to talk about transgender, whatever. But in the actuality, I think it is brilliant what they've done. How meaning for you to develop in your mind that you're something that you not and actually go through with it.


Mm. Is damnit powerful? Mm. Okay. It's powerful to me. 'cause it tells me you could have been anything you wanted to be if you put your mind to it. Okay. Wow. You could have been anything. Okay. You could have been anything. That's all I'm saying. And it's not to hurt nobody. It is not. This is just my observation. Right. All it's just my observation. Okay. That's all. You know, the thing I love about tk, he is always spitting wisdom and just giving out life lessons. Like, you know, telling people the importance of drinking water before you drink coffee in the morning.


Yes. Because you not read a lot. A lot of people don't know when you, if you drink coffee before you drink water, the coffee destroys the enzymes in your stomach to dissolve your food. Mm. Just like in the black community, when our feet get dry they always say Put Vaseline on it and socks. And I found out that the goal is is that's the wrong thing to do when your feet are dry you, you have vitamin deficiency. Mm. You have to use vitamin B three, vitamin B nine or Omega to help with your dry feet. Mm. So all we have been talking about all these years is the surface. Not saying that it's on the inside. So we gotta put vitamins back into our body.


Wow. That's a good life lessons. Yeah, for sure. Good life lesson. You know. Alright, we got more with TK Kirkland when we come back. It's The Breakfast Club. Good morning. Morning everybody. It's DEJ Envy Jess. Hilarious. Charlamagne the guy. We are The Breakfast Club. Lauren LA is hanging with us as well and we're still kicking It with TK Kirkland. Charlemagne, Why you ain't did Club Shaha yet? Tk believe it or not, I got an email from Club Shaha to do that show and I think that'd be damn good to see you on Club Sha. Yeah. It was gonna happen. That's be another viral. But this email was someone fraudulent pretending that they was Club Shaha. They have been doing that. Like What is wrong? I'm, I don't know. I got an email from Angie Martinez.


People was like, yo, she wants you to come up there. She right there. I know she ran right across the hallway but still they was like, she wanna pay you. I was like, oh, she gonna pay me for Angie. Huh? Yes. And then other big listen platforms they have like, it is spam. I don't get, I lemme tell you something, I don't know who got that kind of time. Yeah. I don't know who has that time of time. Like a, a guy from Africa hit me And I had a little situation. They was stealing my Instagram and social media at one time. It was hack, you can't even call and they say FaceTime, you can't do it because they got confused over that. They get your face, take your voice. Because somebody was going around asking for money and talking about a family package and the girl said, tk, they had your face. So one time when I did it, I know the guy who did it, he, he took a picture of my face and then when he was calling people, she said, you could see you real quick and then your face was gone.


Oh no. So I said I would never ask nobody for no money. This is just crazy what's going on out here. Mm. Crazy. Yeah. No, they have been doing it fake emails, everything. Yeah. So I hope the douche she, she Godfrey was trying to hook me up with club. She, And I think it will happen this year. But I do know also that when I get on that show, it's gonna be a phenomenal show. Oh absolutely. Because your history is so rich that you got too much of a rich history. And I, that's why I said I would love to see you do it. 'cause I like, I actually like seeing comics on that show. Yes. Because like they have these long form conversations. Yes. And you really get a lot out of it. Right. And I'm not, and one thing about me, I don't dis nobody. So that show would truly be about knowledge and wisdom and impact in The World.


That's, that's the way I like to move. 'cause when I, when I talk about Donald Trump and a lot of people don't like him, some people love him. And I was talking in my standup, I said, when you don't like someone like that, how do you, you gotta find a way to use him. And you got a person like that. How do you use them? The goal to use Donald Trump is the same way the Democrats use Donald Trump. See a lot of people think that Democrats is against Donald Trump and on TV they are. But in the stock market they not because everybody in the stock market and the Democrats has invested in all these different companies to make them extremely rich. And you have to take the same format that they have taken. When you talk about Elon Musk. Elon Musk is not trying to be Donald Trump's friend just because it's, it's a reason down the line.


That's right. So if you study Elon Musk's some things you hear And I important point, he's getting ready to come up with Tesla cab in a couple years and it's gonna be automated. No driver. Hmm. So I tell people, you have a job, you can make sure your credit is good. Lease one in those cars and have people picking have that car picking people up from the airport as a second income or third income. I said, but your credit gotta be good. Then I tell people, and I'll share it on this show, I'm gonna teach people right now how you don't need a credit specialist to get your credit. Good. I'm tell people right now how I can save you thousands of dollars. Just pay the people you owe. Like Listen, all intent.


I lean in. I'm like, alright, so listen damn, with all of the chaos Trump has caused you think he he can do some good. I've been around a long time and I'm gonna tell you what I see. I've seen this energy before this. We gonna talk about energy, not the face energy because I'm in quantum physics. Last person I saw move like this didn't live a long time because they was moving at such rapid pace. They didn't know they was gonna leave here, but the universe did. And that was Tupac. Mm. Tupac moved at a rate a a rapid speed both Geminis, by the way, PAC and Trump. Yeah. I didn't know that. Yeah. He, he's moving at a speed that tells me something's going to bad happen. This is my, my personal take on the universe when I've seen people move this way.


This man has done something that takes four years and two weeks and he's just constantly going after everybody that doesn't, the energy doesn't make sense 'cause you're trying to make sense of all this. Right. To, to the average person. You're like, what? What is he doing? But from what I've seen, there's something bad about to happen. I don't know what it is. I don't wish No bad luck. Yeah. I just seen that energy before and we'll see the only difference is Pac was doing hurt him. Yes. What, what Trump is doing hurts The World. Exactly. Yeah. And but we're talking about energy. Yeah. His energy that way. Right? Yeah. So the now you wanna get deep about Trump setting us back 60 something years is something that we didn't even see coming.


Right. And what Trump's going to do in this country by the time he's done, whether he get to finish out his four years or another four, it would take three lifetimes to get it back to where it was. That's right. That's the damage he's doing. It would take three lifetimes. Now me personally, I'm on the other side of the hill. You know I'm a senior citizen. You know, I wish y'all the best. You ain't going nowhere Time soon not drinking water before coffee and working out and shit. Nah, you made it. Good luck with it. I wish y'all the best heat. God bless you. Tea to the mother man. He'll be in Jersey this weekend. Jersey love comedy show at the Margaret Williams Theater in Jersey City.


Yes. And on the 16th he'll be at Wilson's Restaurant and Live music lounge in high Nella, New Jersey. Yes. And on the 12th you'll be at with Rob Stapleton at ssa London Salsa. Congo Salsa. Salsa, Congo Ksa, Congo Corn. Oh, salsa Con. I can't get It. It is, it is. It is. What is Salsa is Fire with chips or something like that. I Dip what's the name? And then I'm also with Mr. Re on the 16th at Earlier City Winery at in Philly too for a brunch show that's supposed to be phenomenal. Nice. Okay. Well it's TK Kirkland, y'all. It's, oh, matter of fact it's Wendy. I think it's Wendy. Wendy is you? Yes. TK Kirkland here. Say what up to tk. Hey Lau. Hi TK Kirkland.


Hi. Sweet. Hi. Hi. Hey, you know what I wanted to tell you? Charlemagne and okay The World. So I went for a blood test or blood extracted for my thyroid. You know what I'm saying? And I did that the Well people don't need to know all of that. Wendy, I'm on the air. Hold on. It doesn't matter. She said The World, Look, my thyroid pill has changed color. And I said, what does this mean? And that my thyroid is getting even better. That's all I wanted to say. Goodbye. Bye. Well because remember she told us they wouldn't let her go see her thyroid after she went Love you. So again, let's go over the dates one more time. Shall make please this Jersey. Jersey Love comment. Well start with the 12th.


Yes. Rob Stapleton. And where I'm at Salsa Congo. I like the way you say that. Okay. Okay. And then Saturday, February 15th, Jersey Love comedy show at the Margaret Williams Theater. Yes. And then Sunday the 16th at Wilson's restaurant and Live music Lounge in high, high Nella, New Jersey. Yes. And also the City Winery. That same day at one o'clock with my man Re in Philly. Yeah, in Philadelphia. Yes. So listen everybody as always ladies, it was a pleasure. Come go to the website. Thank you. Yeah, go to tk kirkland.com. Charlamagne is always a pleasure. Oh gee, you know, ladies is a pleasure meet. Thank you so much And I'm glad to get to meet y'all. It's absolutely for the first time. It's nice. I wish y'all the best on your journey. You can usually like tell somebody aging their fingers, his fingers.


Don't even look 65. Yo. You was looking at his fingers. Got y'all going crazy. You got y'all young girls going crazy. See K Kirkland? It's The Breakfast Club. Love you for life. The Breakfast Club,


The new year is here and you wanna stay locked in on whatever you're into. Amazon Prime is a cheat code. See, a lot of people think Amazon Prime is just about getting those packages delivered faster than you can say. I forgot to order that. But really Prime is not just one thing. It's all things. A place to stream movies and shows with Prime video, Amazon music, and that free one day, same day delivery is everything you need to make the season stress free. Picture this, you're watching Thursday night football and Prime Video and the friends are coming through. You need the last minute snacks and drinks. Prime's. Got you. You want to kick back and chill after the game. Prime Video's got the movies and shows to keep your night rolling. And if you wanna wind down, Amazon music's got the playlist to keep the vibe just right. So whether you're hosting, chilling, or just trying to make it through the hustle of the week, I know I'm doing all things above. Just know prime's got your back. It helps you explore, discover, and get more of what you love all in one place. So visit amazon.com/prime to get more of whatever you're into. Whatever you're into, it's on Prime. Visit amazon.com/prime Now.


The World is constantly changing. It's up to you to decide how to respond. Choose to be bold to try something new. Choose to reinvent yourself. That's what Nissan did with the all new totally reimagined kicks. The dynamic new exterior styling immediately announces that Nissan isn't messing around the interior. A completely redesigned cabin with premium features like wireless Apple call play and a panoramic moonroof make driving a kicks immersive and exciting. And with new performance and safety features like Intelligent all-wheel drive, the kicks is both fun and safer to drive than ever before. It is the dawning of a brand new era for the Nissan Kicks. Only one question remains. Is it a new era for you as well? Drive the all new Reimagined Nissan Kicks today. Available Features compatible device service and consumer activation of Nissan Connect Services. Package required use only when safe and legal subject to third party service availability For more information, see Nissan usa.com/connect/legal. Apple CarPlay is a trademark of Apple Link. Intelligent all wheel drive cannot prevent collisions or provide enhanced traction in all conditions. Always monitor traffic and weather conditions.


Hey fam, if you're like me, you are thinking about how to level up in your career. Maybe you're fresh out of college just starting in your field or even looking to switch things up and find your true calling. Whatever stage you're in, remember that this is your time to grow, to learn, and to build something that lasts. State Farm understands that early career development is key to long-term success. They've been a steady presence in our communities and they know that having the right support early on can make all the difference. State Farm is there to help you make smart moves and to help you get the coverage you need. We all know that the journey to success is a marathon, not a sprint. It's about staying focused, staying grounded, and making sure you're protected every step of the way. Let's build our careers with confidence knowing that State Farm is there to support us just like they've always been because like a good neighbor, a State Farm is there. Find out more at State Farm dot com.


At t has a new guarantee because most things in life are not guaranteed. Like actually getting the rental car you requested or your wedding turning out just like you dreamed it would. And someone making another pot of coffee in the break room at the drink of the last straw of the last one. Yeah, don't get me started. Not guaranteed. In a world where nothing is guaranteed, at and t is bringing something new to the table. At and t is introducing a guarantee. With connectivity, you depend on deals you want and service you deserve or they make it right. So if you wanna know more about the at t guarantee, head to att.com/guarantee. At&t connecting changes everything. Terms and restrictions apply. Visit att.com/guarantee for details.


A question, why are we playing this record so much this morning? It's a brand new old record. We throwing it back on a Wednesday. What happened that I don't know about it. This record came out June in 2023. Yes It did. It's DJ M Summer. It was number Wait, back Wednesdays. It Was the number one record back Wednesday last year. Is that what this is? Is this like a, is this Seriously? No, I don, We played this record Like three times already. This morning. Yeah. This morning Last, right? It's, They call a power record. We we gonna play it a whole lot. Y'all should be ashamed of y'all. Don't say y'all stop saying y'all looking at me. But They do think, they think you play on all Why? Listen, you The dj, you, you in charge of the music. Not, not this, just the mix. We really gotta do something about Radio Man. But that's another conversation.


All right, well let's get to just with the Mess Your music is real Moore don't do no lie. Don't nobody, nobody Worldwide. Worldwide on The Breakfast Club. She's a cultureship. She was able to get y'all to see something and understand something that nobody could get you to See. It's time to shut it door. So tell me about Card and Party being best friends. I had no idea that card. I didn't know they were best friends. I thought. Thought he was just cool. That was just her write home. I didn't know they were besties. I knew. Are You crazy? I knew They went back for some time. Why we be Crazy? 'cause we don't know the New York stories. Yeah. I didn't know they was New York.


They talk about it all the time. I knew that they Was friends And I knew they went back for some time. I knew he wrote for her. I knew they worked together. I knew they was homies. But I found out yesterday that they was best friends because Cardi B had to come online and clear up some stuff because the people were coming for her because they dropping a song on Friday. Okay. And she's working with Party again. And you know, she's also team me Thee stallion. But That's the thing. That's the thing though. What you mean again? She stopped working with him before. Well People from what we know, because I think the last time people saw her work with him was way back when, when he, when He wrote her earlier stuff. Yeah. And like whatever. But let's take a listen to her. 'cause she had some stuff to get off her chest last night. Leave me alone with that whole partisan, because at the end of the day, I've been knowing Partisans since 2012. Partisan did me the hook up Bodak Yellow. And on top of that, he helped me with my album.


And I've been knowing this person since 2012. And not only he's my best friend, he's my best friend, Kea best friend. So y'all need to stop with the, this is the real world, not this fake parallel world. And that's why when people be in relationships, I be out the way and mind my business. S right. Stop forbid something happen, I'm letting both of them know right now. I'm not gonna stop talking to both of them. I with both of y'all, I am the child of the relationship And I stay outta y'all understand? You don't talk to me about him And I don't, you don't talk to me about her. That's how I always give it up. Because at the end of the day, I, with both of y'all And I love both of y'all. That's just what it is. So this Basically her talking about Megan like, all right I'm, I'm cool with Megan, I'm cool with Party.


I don't, but who said that? They what? Why is she doing it? Like somebody said something? Because Fans online, because party's been posting like videos of them in the studio. I think she posted something as well. They also have like the visuals now. 'cause they're dropping a song on Friday called tooted. Right. And people are like, that's fake Cardi because you calling out. So team like the stallion, you know what Emini here and a lot of people don't like party because of everything that happened after the breakup. Me Stallion party was friends before Meg ever came in the picture. They was working together before Meg ever came in the picture. Before she was signed. And as she said not called was okay, y'all wanna get in a relationship. Right. But if things go sour, they ain't got nothing to do with me. Yeah, yeah. Like this the real world, this ain't that makes sense And be the problem. Everybody on the internet think they know what's really going on in people's lives. When I saw them together though, I wasn't like, oh my God, why is she working with him?


I was like, oh they back, they working together again. Yeah. We know that. They Don't think they ever stopped. That was right. That's what I'm saying. Like you know, I thought that was just her writer. I'm glad they working together because they make great music together. They do. Yeah. And speaking of, we need that to drop Cardi Sotu. Great. I'm, yeah. Two cool album. I'm talking about album. She Said it's coming this year. And is Cardi record or is it parties? I believe it's card and Cardi is on it, but Cardi said it, the Grammy's, her album is coming. I believe the name of it is Put a bow on it. Okay. It's coming this year. Okay. That's What's up. Speaking of music, Rick Ross, you guys remember here in the room the other day we talked about Rick Ross and 50 cent and Big Me and the Whole Yeah. Yeah. And Isha to cut his hair. What Meek me? Meek big me.


She don't like big me braid. Yeah. Big me. I talk. Nah, I don't know. They they off you that much. Yeah. 'cause it's like when the hairline, you know, and I'm one to talk hairlines 'cause I, I ain't really got a great one, you know, so I can relate. He can't get straight backs with the arch that he got. 'cause the, the arch goes back too far. So So you're saying he ain gotten away on the side? No. Nah. It ain't enough. You really analyze this. Yeah. Yeah. 'cause the two Brady shouldn't be skinny. Okay. And the one if spat in the middle, you can't do that. Whoa. Well Rick just as crazy. Rick Ross is defending his breakdown friend. Big me. He's saying, he's saying a lot of things and in response to 50 cent calling Big Meech a rat online, let's take a listen.


Took a picture with Rick Boss You like put back against the wall and just slide down. Biggest boss, I've been separated myself from these broken s They don't understand the rules to the streets. You understand? Don't know you nothing homie. Y'all get money together, y'all get money, keep moving. All that extra. You don't even have a relationship with your own brothers, your own mothers and fathers. How the, you gonna act like you real close with me? Stop all that fake cap while you nigga got no money. You need a loan. Come see the boss. Hey Curtis Jackson, you more than welcome to bring that Versace Lamborghini to the car show June 7th and your little homies.


I know them with them. How many parents 50 you got. He said you ain't even the clues with your own mothers and your own fathers. I think he talking to 50 and them people that has something to say online. But in my opinion You call 50 broke though. How do you just, it is just like you just saying stuff now how do you call somebody? You Gonna respond at four o'clock in the morning on a Friday randomly. Everybody gonna be done, forgot what happened. Day 50 Just gonna come outta nowhere and say something. I think anybody that said that big meat shit have loyalty to 50 in the situation. I don understand them people because I do think that there should have been some, some sort of loyalty, but I don't know behind the scenes, everything that went down. Yeah. But I do think that there should have been some, some sort of loyalty there. Yeah. Mm. I it is a part of me that kind of understand the part that he's talking about.


Like, man, look, nobody worrying about all that. Like the the ending part of what he's saying. Like business is business. Yeah. Like business is business. I a part of me understands a part of that. I do understand that. Well they always say there's no permanent friends and enemies in business. Just permanent interest. Yeah. So because this is, this is the thing I understand that 50 got, you know, the the ongoing beef with the people and all of that. You, you understand what I'm saying? But it, it seems like their, their transaction is just business like or is he friends with Big Meat? Is he friends with Terry? Is he friends with, you know what Emini here, we don't know. Yeah, we don't know. I was always under the impression that it was bit more maybe but I don I don't know. I don't know the behind the scenes. So we'll have to see what 50 calls Also. You gotta tell 50 give you a list. If you and 50 get cool, you gotta be like all fidget.


Don't Gimme A list sir. Lemme know. Lemme see who I think it's more Of a book and you gimme the book and then after you read the book iMedia, then you should determine whether or not you wanna be friends or Fitz with Right. Because now you know, whoever you beef with, I can't beef, I can't talk to you. That's right. Yeah. Well Marcus Jordan swinging it back to some other things we talked about here. Marcus Jordan, we know he was pulled over in Florida. DUI they found cocaine on and also alleged that he res resisting arrest the body cam footage came out and boy was it interesting, let's take a listen to him being pulled over by the Maitland Police Department. You know the trains come by right now, right? No, I I I know that's what I'm trying to get outta. We thought we were making a right And I turned onto the train tracks.


Apparently bro, I'm Marcus Jordan. I'm Michael Jordan's son. I'm not doing anything wrong. I'm just trying to get home And I made a wrong turn. It's true. Which we were not trying to be here. I'm, I've already got concerns for your level of impairment anyways. Okay. So that's why, why because I can smell alcohol coming from you and you're on the train tracks. So come on man. Just listen to me. That's why I don't want you back behind the wheel anyways. We'll, we'll deal with that after this. Okay? Because I hear spinning tires. I hear slurred speech from you. You're driving on train tracks. I'm not slurring anything. I'm letting you know I have concerns. I app I appreciate your concerns. Yeah, I don't want, but I am not inebriated. I'm not anything that cannot drive home. I'm not anything that can't drive home.


Yo. First of all, I'm fine. You got cocaine, you're drunk and you're saying you're Michael Jordan's son. Everybody I meet that's high and drunk with the last name Jordan says they're Michael Jordan son. And you got a white girl in the passenger seat laughing, talking. I can confirm guys like who are you supposed to be If she was black she would not be tain saying that that to my point, that's what he like, he he gonna keep getting in that type of trouble. We keep dealing with them. There's another one. No, he said we thought we was making the right he and then we ended up on the train track. Look, where's the car? He trying to Die the picture. Thank you Jessica. I forgot. Yeah, the picture. This is his car and then the train came by as they doing all the like stuff too.


But it was crazy. He also thought that the officers was trying to grab his situation down here because they start to, they start to search him. He said they started patting him down. He's like, you ain't gonna find nothing down There but big. Hey yo. Yep. That's what he saying. The cop actually did him a favor. No he did because he would be dead right now. Yeah. If that cop did not come and you know, handle that situation the way he, because He did. And him and the, and he'd be in jail because the white girl would be dead. Yep. Oh wait, nah. If he died and he can't go. I original story. I knew what you were trying to, I liked the, I like the original one. You be in jail And I ain't gonna say nothing.


Go on girl. All well that was just with the mess. When we come back we got the People's Choice mix. It's The Breakfast Club. Good morning,


wake up. Wake up. You're locked into The Breakfast Club Charlemagne, tha God here. And I want you to let Audible expand your life by listening. Tap into your wellbeing with audio books, podcast and originals on better health relationships, finance and more and reach the goals you set for yourself. Sign up today for a free 30 day trial@audible.com.


Morning Everybody. It's DJ J Envy, just hilarious. Charlamagne the guy. We are The Breakfast Club. It's Black History Month Charlamagne. What we doing Man, you know, every day during Black History month my guy B puts out a podcast called I didn't Know, maybe you didn't either. On the Black Effect iHeart Radio podcast Networking on today's episode of I didn't know, maybe you didn't either. He is going to tell you about Grace Wisha and how she helped to so the American flag Know you didn't know. Now when folks talk about the American flag, all you ever hear is Bets Sea Ross this and Betsy Ross that but Betsy don't know ish. 'cause Betsy can't rap. I would like that Bo Jackson commercial Keep up.


Look, the point is folks is always talking about Betsy Ross and that flag like she the Beyonce in the Sewing world or something. But what they don't tell you is that there was someone else putting in the work, a young black woman named Grace Wisher. Now Grace was an apprentice right there with Betsy Ross helping stitch that flag together. But you think Betsy ever gave her as much as a shout out? Nope. That joint don't say the flag was created by Betsy Ross featuring Grace Wisher at the bottom of it. Nothing. It's like Grace was the AZ to Betsy's Nas. You know what I'm saying? Like AZ a lyrical genius co-wrote some of the best verses on Illmatic. But when folks talk about that album, they act like he wasn't even there. Grace was in the same boat y'all.


And lemme tell you, grace didn't even have the option to shine. It wasn't like she could hop on Instagram and post a selfie like day three or Stitching the Stars and Stripes on y'all hashtag Black Girl Magic. No, this was the 17 hundreds. Grace wasn't gonna get no flowers. 'cause back then black women didn't get no flowers. Hell black people wasn't even allowed to get near the bouquet. Grace's story is wild to me though because her hands were literally on the symbol of Freedom. Freedom. But she didn't even get a seat at the table. She like most deaf or y'all seeing Bay now that what we call him, he another one of them Dope MCs. But he wasn't chasing commercial fame. He was out there spitting truth making classics like black on both sides. But mainstream was like nah, we good on that.


Grace was out here sewing up history and society was like, nah, we good on that. See Betsy Ross is like the Dr. Drea the whole operation. Like she had the connections, she got the credit and Grace, she was like goodie mob in the south pioneering doing soulful conscious work. But usually Outkast get all the credit for the South and Emini here, come on. Like without goodie mob southern hip hop wouldn't have been the same without Grace Wisher that flag wouldn't have been the same either. So here's the real talk. When you see that American flag flying, huh? Don't just think about Betsy Ross. Think about 16-year-old Grace Wisher, a little black apprentice that was behind the scenes making it happen even though she was not allowed to shine.


She like Rayquan from Wu-Tang could only built for Cuban links is a masterpiece. But you know folks, it's always like, oh met the man. Oh Ghost face. Nah man, give Rayquan his flowers and give Grace Wisher her flowers. She's proof that history ain't all about who gets the credit, it's about who did the work. So next time you see that 50 starred, 13 striped American flag, you just remember a 16-year-old black woman helped to make it happen. And I didn't know, maybe you didn't either. Happy Black History Month. That's right man. And make sure you subscribe to the, I didn't know, maybe you didn't either. Podcast on the Black Effect iHeartRadio podcast network and always remember that you can subscribe where all podcasts are available.


Morning everybody, you CJ Envy. Just hilarious. Charlemagne the guy. We are The Breakfast Club. I wanna salute to the Avanti Day resort in Man Manalapan. I think it's called New Jersey. Remember we was talking about something to do for Valentine's Day? Yeah. So Valentine's weekend, my me and my family are, I guess my kids have a dance competition so me and the girls won't be there. So I actually took the kids yesterday for like a Valentine's Day treatment. Oh. So I got the little babies, I got their manicure. Pedicure, they got their hair done. The wife and the older got facials and massages. So So it was like A whole spa. It was like a whole spa for the whole family. That's what's up for the whole family. We did that yesterday for the whole day and it was kind of like Valentine's day for them because we won't be here.


So You got your eyebrows done. I did not get my eyebrows. And I wanna tell y'all my eyebrows don't get done. I don't know if one of my daughters used my laptop but I didn't put that on there. Yeah, I Can tell you actually didn't because you wouldn't have put your fingers in the way because the, the, the eyebrow was Twerking. It was crazy on. It was on. And how did you notice? It's so good. Don't explain you're gay because when you move to the same it was your eyebrow was twerking on your face. I was like damn, what's going on with your eyebrow? You did it so smooth. You like hey yo, You shouldn't explain you're gay. Yo got a filter. Oh my God. No you shouldn't explain it's gay 'cause Emini here. He does stuff like that all the time. I'm not gay. He That's not Gay. Got cheek fillers. I don't have to. He's gotten a nose jar. I haven't gotten a nose job. You got a beard Transplant? I haven't got a beer transplant. He's Gotten a hairline transplant.


I Haven't got a, he Got his ankles done to get a little taller. That's, That's not gay. This is all self grooming. But that's, it's not lies though. It's none of that I didn't do About your eyebrows. Do people call you Gang? Natural? Natural, Natural. Definitely not natural. Beyond natural. You said you got your eyebrows done before I I got my eyebrows done. I never got my eyebrows done. Okay. When I was You said you Got 'em done in in school When I was in was in high school. Freaking high school. You got 'em done? No, I got 'em arched one time because somebody told me that's what Tupac did. That's Done. That's what Tupac was. A gas kid. I ain't that since Michael. Michael Cute. I wanna be like Tupac in a tub. Yeah Queen the back of here too. I haven't done that since I was 18 years old. My point is I'm not 47 with a filter on trying to do radio 'cause I'm at home on Zoom and, and gotta get called out on my cohost.


Yo. Your son yo said that's the sun yo said that that's the sun coming in. That's The sun. He tried to lie at first. You talking about the glow? I talking about the sun. Sun. And then he's like who did that? Yeah, who did that? Who? Who put This on hand? You know what it was when he did like this? He ain't expect the thing to move. Yeah. Yeah. That's how I knew that I put my hand. But that's how I knew, Didn't know that it was a filter. 'cause people with filters don't do that. They know damn well that the eyebrow still gonna be on their fingers so he knows that. But speaking of Valentine's Day, if you're not doing anything you need to come celebrate with me and Chris. We are gonna be the couple of the night at this Quantum of Love bond with me Dinner slash party. It's on Friday, February 14th.


So it's on Valentine's Day and the address is 5 5 5 13th Street, Northwest Washington, DC Get your tickets at 1 8 3 3 FTK line, that's F-T-K-L-I-N-E or www dot ftk connect. And you spell connect with a k.com or the link is in my body. Y'all, y'all get y'all tickets and come out and celebrate the loves. Absolutely. Well Shaman, you got a Positive note. I do. It comes from Martin Luther King Jr. And Martin Luther King Jr. Once said, the ultimate measure of a man is not where he stands in moments of convenience and comfort, but where he stands at times of challenge and controversy. Have a blessed day. Okay.


Breakfast Club bitches. Y'all finished or y'all done?


The new year is here and I'm trying to keep things simple this year. One thing to help me keep things simple is Amazon Prime. It's the cheat code to stand locked in on whatever you need. It's not just fast delivery. Prime's a whole experience from Prime Video and Amazon Music to prime free one day delivery. It's got everything to keep my year stress free. Watching Thursday night football prime's got you with the same day snack delivery. Wanna chill after the game? Find a movie on Prime video and kickback with some Amazon music. Whatever you're into, it's on Prime. Visit amazon.com/prime now.


Life is an act of constant reinvention that's true for you and for cause. Nissan Reimagined the all new kicks around you. The Bowles Personal plus sound system, which speakers in the headrest keeps you in the groove while the Nissan Safety Shield 360 Technologies keep you safe. If Nissan reinvented the kicks, you can reinvent yourself. Drive the all new Reimagined Nissan Kicks today. Available Features compatible device service and consumer activation of Nissan Connect Services. Package required use only when safe and legal subject to third party service availability For more information, see Nissan usa.com/connect/legal. Apple CarPlay is a trademark of Apple Link. Intelligent all-wheel drive cannot prevent collisions or provide enhanced traction in all conditions. Always monitor traffic and weather conditions.


Taking control of your career is empowering. Just don't tell my boss I said that. Building a career is it just about a job. It's about creating a path that impacts our community and future generations. Whether you're starting out or making big moves, State Farm is here to support you with resources to help protect what you're working hard to achieve. They've got your back every step of the way because like a good neighbor State Farm is there. Find out more at State Farm dot com.


At t has a new guarantee because most things in life are not guaranteed. In a world where nothing is guaranteed, at t is bringing something new to the table. At t is introducing a guarantee. With connectivity you depend on deals you want in service, you deserve, or they make it right. Learn more at att.com/guarantee. At&t connecting changes everything. Terms and conditions apply. Visit att.com/guarantee for details.