
Piece of the planet, Charlamagne Tha Godhead. And I'm here to tell you about a great film that is coming out. It's called One of Them Days. That's right. It's a movie that's about to light up your weekend from the Brilliant Mind of the icon, living producer Issa Rae and starring the dynamic duo, Kiki Palmer and Scissor. Yes. You heard me right? Scissor is gonna be on the big screen she's built for film. It's a hilarious buddy comedy that'll have you laughing, cheering, and maybe even tearing up a little one of them days is serving up all of our Ives. Grab your girls and get ready to laugh now. Playing only in theaters. Rate it off. Get your tickets now.


Hi, I am Ken Meers, founder of Great HealthWorks, the makers of Omega xl. Are you suffering from daily aches, pains, and your joints? The Try Omega xl. It's a natural drug-free supplement and is 16 times more potent than standard fish oil. And it's easy to swallow with no fishy aftertaste Omega XL works. Visit omega xl.com/get more now for Omega XL BOGO special. That's less than $20 a bottle. Remember, there's a 60 day money back guarantee terms apply. Visit omega xl.com/get more


catch John Stewart back in action on the Daily Show and in your ears with the Daily Show. Ears Edition podcast from his hilarious satirical takes on today's politics and entertainment. To the unique voices of correspondence and contributors, it's your perfect companion to stay on top of what's happening now. Plus, you'll get special content just for podcast listeners, like in-depth interviews and a roundup of the week's Top headlines. Listen on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts.


You should probably keep your lights on for no tales from the shadow. Join me Danny Trails and step into the flames of Wright. An anthology podcast of modern day horror stories inspired by the most terrifying legends and Lord of Latin America. Listen to Noon on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcast, or wherever you get your podcasts.


Good morning. USA Yo Yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo Yo. Jess is out today. What up Lauren? Good Morning, y'all. Charlemagne the guy. Peace to the Planet is Friday. Good morning. The weekend is here. How y'all feel? That's right. Weekend is here. I feel blessed black and highly favored. Happy to be here another day to serve our beautiful listeners. Man. I feel refreshed. How you feel, Lauren? I Feel great. I'm always excited when it's the weekend. Was you out last night? No shit wasn't out last night. Drop out from Lauren. Y'all get on my neck. That don't mean nothing. What happened? What? What got canceled? What? What couldn't you get into? Yeah. What T get into what? What home girl?


What home girl didn't wanna go out with you. Exactly. You ain't wanna go out by yourself, Huh? Can't get into It's crazy. 'cause I always can get into anywhere I wanna Go to talk that talk That is Okay. But, but I was tired, so, 'cause I went to Dave Chappelle, so I went to sleep and then me and my friends are doing like a little girl trip this weekend. So I was Oh, where you going? Freshing? We going to the Poconos. Oh It is? Yeah. It is Martin Luther King. Junior weekend. Yeah. Three day weekend. This is the weekend where everybody This's my first job where I don't have to work on Monday. Oh really? Yeah. Everywhere else is like, they didn't Care. Made you work on, on MK Day, huh? Yeah. This is the weekend where you start to see all the terrible flyers of MLK hole, Hennessy bottles and Remy Martin bottles. That's right. And you know MLK in the club with SFUs. Yo, it's, it's, that's before y'all put Coretta's Coretta's face on Meg thee stallion's body.


Yep. Boy, y'all stupid. Yeah. You know what? People are stupid too. 'cause I posted a dumb, I posted a flyer, right? And it had Martin Luther King on it, and somebody was like, how could you do that? And I'm like, did you read, it's not a party. They just having a conversation online about Martin Luther King. He was like, oh, I'm sorry. I feel like, but they're so used to people doing that Every year. Yeah. Every year. I feel like You can party in honor of Martin Luther King. And I don't agree with like, they putting Jordans on him and stuff like that, but They taking Martin Luther King Jr. Head putting it on a Meek Mill body. Yeah. Put, I had the one picture, he was on the Mustang. The Mustang. He was leaning against a Mustang. It was like blue and Yellow. Oh, Ford Mustang. Yeah. My goodness. Oh, that's disrespectful. Because he would definitely have a Camaro. Okay. Okay. Would absolutely drive a Camaro.


All right. Jesus. So, and speaking of Dave Chappelle, he's doing SNL this weekend. That's right. And you know, this weekend at Radio City Music Hall, he had a popup show. And if you've ever been to a Dave Chappelle popup show, you know who else gonna pop out? Donelle. God damn Rollin. That's right. Don will be joining us this morning. Darnell had some smoke from me, I heard on stage. Oh yeah, baby. He, I had quite a few people tell me that He let the people, he let the people know how stupid he thinks you are. Really? But it worked. It was, it was brilliant in his joke. It was so brilliant. Okay. Okay. Well, you know what he, he has the stage And I have the radio. Okay. Okay. All right. So Donelle Robbins will be here today. Oh God. And revenge will be mine. Revenge will happen. That always does. I don't know why he does it to Himself. You wanna add me in your set and Radio City music hall Revenge will be mine.


Andy was taunting me yesterday. Was he? Oh my God. What was he doing? Whatever night. What night was that, Lauren? When y'all did the show? Tuesday. It was Wednesday. It was Wednesday night. Let me see. Darnell was taunting me. He was like, he goes, he goes, what did he say? He goes, my impression of you was No. He goes, he just text me randomly. I love you. What? My impression of you was priceless. That was the best part. I said, I had several people tell me about it. He put nailed it. Okay. All Right. I love you. That was the best part. And Nailed it. Yeah. Y'all should go kiss. Y'all should just kiss by now. Oh, shut up. All right. Now also, we got the cast of Harlem joining us now Harlem. It's gonna be the final season. It's gonna be released January 23rd.


So Megan, good, Tyler Lepley, grace Qua, and Jerry will be joining us. Just Grace Qua and Jerry. Huh? I Don't know their last names. What The hell's wrong with you? Of course. Of Course. They didn't put it on the page. Usually didn't put it on The page. Grace last name is, I think it's Byers. Yeah. Grace Byers. Jerry Johnson Is Jerry Johnson. The hell? See, I don't know. Just Google the cast of, they Should have put it on the sheet. What does it say It is? Jerry Johnson. Yeah. Grace Bias the cast of Harlem. Jerry Johnson. Who's Other one? You said Qua. I think she die. Qua the homie too. Die she single. Yes. Huh. I think it's she Die Shaday. This Is terrible. I know. I don know how y'all ever, Yo, you should have just let me live with saying that first name. No, If I wasn't put on lipstick, I would've been Googled for Y'all like it. It comes right Up.


Yeah. Well, all right. Well, this Breakfast Club. Let's show Correction. Die. See? Yes. See? Oh, you knew I was close. I wasn't a hundred percent positive though. All right, well we come back, we got front page news and then you can get it off your chest. So don't go anywhere as The Breakfast Club. Good morning. Morning everybody. It's DJ Envy. Jess. Hilarious. Charlemagne the guy. We are The Breakfast Club Lawrence filling in for Jess. And let's get in some front page news. Alright, now some quick football. Tomorrow we are games on Saturday and Sunday. Now on Saturday the Ts take on the Kansas City Chiefs. At four 30, the Washington Commanders take on the Detroit Lions at 8:00 PM And on Sunday, the Rams take on the Eagles at three. And the Ravens take on the bills at six 30.


Who wanna bet that Thetans upset the Chiefs? Huh? The Texans who want bet that I like The that. Nah, I think the Chief's gonna get it. Who want to bet that? Don't listen to me though. I'm a Dallas Cowboy fan. Nor do I gamble. But who want to bet that? Bet it up. Run it up. Oh, whatever y'all be saying. Do the Eagles play in Philly? Oh God, they do. I didn't know Where the location Of the game was. They're playing in Delaware. Is it a Delaware Eagle? Oh, Delaware. Dirty Birds, Delaware. Dirty Birds. First of all, Jesus. First of all. All right. Good morning, Morgan. Good morning. Good morning y'all. Did we speak too soon about the hostage deal? I really hope not because well, the Israeli Prime Minister's office claims Hamas is backing out of some of its agreements in the hostage release deals. Speaking on the Today Show, white House National Security Council spokesman, John Kirby said he's confident that last minute problems can be addressed.


He also spoke about who gets the credit and how soon American Hostages will be released. Let's hear more from White House National Security Council spokesman John Kirby. We're aware of these issues that the Prime Minister has raised the today, this afternoon, their time. And we're working through that. Our team on the ground is actually working with him and his team to iron all this out and flatten it. We're confident that we'll be able to solve these last minute issues and get it and get it moving and that this ceasefire can take place starting on Sunday. We gotta stop worrying about this whole credit business and who gets credit for what. There's plenty of credit to go around the hostages don't care. That's about who's claiming credit. The people in Gaza don't care. We hope that if this implementation starts on Sunday as scheduled, that hostages will start coming out immediately.


I couldn't give you a date certain for when the Americans will come out, but certainly there'll be some Americans in this first trench. He's absolutely right about everything he said. But you know that they, they have to politicize things because they're always thinking about future elections. They're thinking about midterms, they're thinking about, you know, the next presidential election in four years. So of, of course they either party would wanna get the credit for it. But you get more accomplished when you stop worrying about who gets credit for things. Correct. Fair enough. The Palestinian militant group made the ceasefire hostage Jill with Israel on Wednesday. That would include Hamas releasing dozens of hostages in exchange for Palestinian prisoners and humanitarian aid. Yeah. Hamas is supposedly, according to the Israeli Prime Minister's office, a statement says that Hamas is reneging on understandings and creating a last minute crisis that is preventing an agreement.


Now the statement That's coming from the Israeli Prime Minister's office, yes, it's, yeah, I wouldn't be surprised if a deal is already done, but the Prime Minister's office is putting that out to the press. So the deal actually doesn't officially get done until Trump is in office and then Trump would get more of the credit. So the statement does go on the say Israeli cabinet will not convene until the mediators notify Israel that Hamas has accepted all elements of the agreement. So again, we'll continue to watch that. It is the weekend, and hopefully by Monday when I come in and check in with y'all, we will have an agreement signed, sealed, signed, sealed and delivered. Tuesday, Morgan Tuesday we're off Monday. Monday's A holiday. Okay, well, Tuesday, well you, Monday is a holiday. We got inauguration and we got MLK day.


All right, so outgoing. And you Put the inauguration before MLK day. Wow. Morgan, gimme a black card. Give it up. Come on. Nah, nah, don't, Don't even lean in, right? Don't even, nah. Yeah, nah. Okay. So outgoing Attorney General Merri Garland says, the DOJ is committed to guaranteeing an independence of department from both the White House and Congress concerning law enforcement investigations and prosecutions. Now, Merrick said the department has been wrongly criticized and politically motivated. In his farewell speech, he emphasized the importance of an independent justice department and he praised public servants and law enforcement who have been, who have faced threats. Let's hear more from Attorney General Merrick Garland.


We know that only an independent Justice Department can protect the safety and civil rights of everyone in our country. I know that you have faced unfounded attacks simply for doing your job. At the very same time, you have risked your lives to protect our country from a range of foreign and domestic threats. The story that has been told by some outside of this building about what has happened inside of it is wrong. You have worked to pursue justice, not politics. So yes, of course this comes as President-elect Trump has repeatedly attacked the justice system as politicized and corrupt.


Looks like we are running out of time a little bit, but I wanna talk a little bit about TikTok so the Supreme Court will release one last opinion today regarding the upcoming TikTok fan. The announcement was posted on the court's website homepage saying the court may announce opinions on the homepage beginning at 10:00 AM The court will not take the bench. This notice is highly unusual as Justices usually gives several days notice before announcing their opinions and typically read them aloud in the courtroom. The TikTok app is set to be banned in the US on Sunday, but the pre president Biden's administration has indicated they will not enforce the ban. So it's going to be up to President-elect Trump as to what happens going forward with TikTok, whether or not the ban will be enforced.


So we'll talk more about that. Alright? Alright. Thank you Morgan. Alright, thank you. Talk to you guys at seven. Yeah, we'll just check in on what's going on on out west with the wildfires. Alright, Everybody else get it off your chest. 805 8 5 1 0 5 1. If you need to vent, hit us up right now. Again, 805 8 5 1 0 5 1 is The Breakfast Club. Good morning. The Breakfast Club. Wake up. Wake up your, This is your time to get it off your chest, whether your man, we wanna hear from you on The Breakfast Club. Hello. Who's this? Hey, good morning, this is James calling from North Carolina.


James, what's up brother? Get off your chest. Yeah. The other day I watched that Diddy documentary on Peacock And I was wondering if y y'all ever had Gene deal on as a, as a guest for an interview. Who was that? That was Diddy bodyguard. Security guard. Yeah. Diddy Body Bodyguard. No, we never have. He's been on the Art of Dialogue a bunch of times though, so No. Yeah, but I Emini here. I think y'all should have him on as a guest man, because I know y'all ain't afraid to ask him certain questions and he sure enough, she sure enough ain't afraid to answer. You know, I, I don't think there's nothing we can ask him that all the dialogue hasn't already out. Yeah, it hasn't been out as of yet. And Emini here, remember Diddy still, Diddy still gotta go to trial and, and we are not the judge and jury in that case to, to me, that's how I feel anyway.


Yeah. On the documentary, I had no idea that Alby sho almost died some years back. Oh yeah. He was in Absolutely a coma, right? Yeah. He was in coma for a little bit. Yeah. Yeah. I I was like, wow. And he, he claims that somebody set him up, put him in that position. Yeah. I don Know nothing about that, but that's Okay. Well, I didn't check out the documentary. Maybe I will this weekend, brother. Okay. All right. Appreciate it. Have a good one. James, You too. Hello? Who's this? This is Keith. Keith, what up? Get it off your chest, Keith. Hey, I think y'all should have a, a release Wendy Williams day on Wednesday. Every Wednesday and tell the woman this release. What's up guys? No, it's funny. I told Charlemagne that that'll be dope, but like Charlemagne reminded me Wendy ain't got internet.


All she got is that phone. So it, it'd be difficult to talk to her about, you know, anything besides that. You know what, Emini here. Yeah. And Listen, as much as we would love to hear, you know, Wendy Williams talking about, you know, pop culture topics, like, like, like she's, she's dealing with a real personal issue right now. Being trapped in that conservatorship. So first things, first people. Yes. Alright. I appreciate it. Thank you. Thank you for the idea Day. I thought about the same thing We Wednesday with Wendy. Wendy Wednesdays. A Wednesday with Wednesday. I was about to say thank you for the idea that I've heard 20 million times in the last 22 hours. Get it off your chest. 805 8 5 1 0 5 1. If you need to vent, hit us up now. It's The Breakfast Club. Good morning. The Breakfast Club.


This is your time to get it off your chest. Whether you're mad or blessed, Hopefully you better have the same energy We wanna hear from you on The Breakfast Club. Hello? Who's this? Hello? Hey, what's up bro? What's going on? DJ Vy? Lauren Charlamagne. What's going on man? P good morning. What up bro? Good morning, get it off your chest. Good morning man. I'm on my way to work. I got my kids in the car sleep. I just wanna say God bless you guys, man. I like how you, you guys put Wendy Williams on, on the show taking that chance for Charlamagne? Yes sir. Hit up Kamala Harris. Hit up these politics. You know, somebody stay on it, man. Get, get outta there. Okay. I don't, I don't think I gotta call, call big VP right now for that, but yeah.


Okay. I got you. That it, it was heartbreaking to hear, to hear what she's going through, man. Yeah man. It is sad and, and it is not even, it, it's a situation to me that's even bigger than Wendy Williams. 'cause I didn't realize that. It's so many people, you know, who are trapped inside this conservatorship system. You know what, Emini here. Yeah. All these documentaries that have been done about it. All the families that was calling Breakfast Club yesterday telling us about their loved ones that are trapped in that system. It's disgusting, man. Yeah Man. It definitely is. Man. I, I, I actually, I've been locked up before and just listening to what she's going through, it sounds just like prison. Damn. Well thank you for checking in brother. Alright. Take care. Hello, Who's this? This is Tina. Hey Tina.


Good morning. Get it off your chest. I'm gonna get it off my chest. Why does a woman have to work five times harder than a man just to get a little shine on her business? What's your business? Yeah, what Happened, mama? Well, my daughter wrote a powerful book called Mood and she is Emini here she is pushing and doing it and it looked like she should already be in the, the, what do you call that? The, you know, when you reach a certain status. Oh, like the bestsellers list? Yeah. She's so close to that. But the bestsellers list, they say start at 7,000. She over that. What what is your, your daughter Bria Baker.


What you talking What's your daughter's name? Is your daughter Bria Baker? Yes it is. How you know that? 'cause I've got that book. Oh, rooted. Come on. Now that, now I'm gonna ask you a question. Did you read it? I did read Rudy. It was about land theft in America. Right. You, you, you you got my heart all tender up here. You got my heart all tender up here. I'm gonna be honest with you. I thought that, I thought that book was popping. I didn't know that. I didn't know it wasn't on the bestsellers. I don't know. How did I get a copy of Rudy? Did Sim Sim did you get me Rooted? Somebody gave me Rooted. I think my sim gave it to you. Yeah, SIM gave me Rooted. Yeah. Yeah. Sim one of our producers up here gave me a copy of Rudy a couple of months ago. Sim why you gonna gimme books? You don't read. No, no, no.


Don't say that now. DJ and B don't say that. Now we gonna believe that everybody gonna get a Book and read it. Yeah. Rudy is a good book. It's, it's, it's about the, the legacy of land theft and, and the modern movement for black ownership. It's by Bria Baker. Bria should come up here. Tell Bria come do a interview with us Sim hook that up, that Bria Oh, Glory to God. Come on now. Y'all ain't playing with my emotions, are ya? No, I promise you. I promise Sim gifted me that book a couple of months ago. I read it. I Emini here. I don't know why I thought it was, I thought that book was popping. This a great book. Great read, very educational. Thank You. Thanks. I'm gonna talk. Oh, glory Blair. Oh, okay. Let me get excited. Okay. Alright. I I'm gonna call Bria and tell her to get with Samantha and make sure that gets happening.


Samantha. Yes. Thank you so much. Sim. Absolutely. Yeah. And, and if you wanna follow Bria, you can her, her Instagram is Freckled while Black and you could actually purchase her book at One World Book. So you can go to her site and there's a, a link to it. So it's in Barn and Nobles and all Black. It's in Barnes and Nobles and Target and everything. Yep. Yep. We gonna, we gonna have her up for, we gonna have her up for an interview. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Absolutely. Thank you so much. You know what? Hold on. So we can get her information. Sim got Sim. Yes. You know her right? Yeah. You know Bria Sim? Yeah. She said that's her best friend. That's, that's my niece right there. Oh, so oh, so y'all using nepotism. I thought you gives me a No, no, no, no, no, no. They went to school together And I put them up under my wing.


Now y'all come over Here, okay? Okay. We got you All. Thank you very much. While you at it, can you find SimMan? She looking for a man. She be chatting now. She Ain't no miracle Man. Don't do that. The Bible said he that fine. If he that fine a wife now come on now Talk about it. The Bible say he that fine a wife. So they need to be, they ain't looking for you Sim that's the problem. So says With your bad self. Alright. Right Ahead with your bad self. Get it off your chest. Chest Speak tongues. That's right. 805 8 5 1 0 5 1. We got Jess with the mess coming up. What we talking about Lauren? We do. We Wendy Williams. There's a a story out right now. TMC put out a story that an attorney is saying that Wendy Williams just had a good day yesterday when she spoke to us.


Don't forget she still has dementia. So we gonna get into that. All right, we'll talk about that next. So don't go anywhere as The Breakfast Club. Good morning. The Breakfast Club


At and t has a new guarantee because most things in life are not guaranteed. Like actually getting the rental car you requested or your wedding turning out just like you dreamed it would. And someone making another pot of coffee in the break room after drinking the last drop of the last one. Yeah, don't get me started. Not guaranteed. In a world where nothing is guaranteed, at and t is bringing something new to the table. At and t is introducing a guarantee with connectivity you depend on deals you want at service, you deserve or they'll make it right. So if you wanna know more about the at t guarantee, head to att.com/guarantee. At t connecting changes everything, terms and conditions apply. Visit att.com/guarantee for details.


Hi, I'm John Walsh here for Omega xl. Do you suffer from muscle pain and soreness due to overuse daily activities, exercise or aging like I do? Do you feel it in your back, your neck, knees, or joints? I know I did. I finally found a solution. It's Omega xl. A clinically proven natural drug-free supplement that helps relieve daily joint pain and muscle soreness. Omega XL delivers results you can feel made with a proprietary oil extract from green lip muscles. It's a powerful super oil with no fishy aftertaste, small and easy to swallow and is 16 times more potent than standard fish oil. Omega XL has been trusted by millions for over two decades and is backed by 40 years of science and clinical research. Don't let joint eggs prevent you from doing the things you love. Visit omega XL radio.com now for Omega XLS BOGO special. That's less than $20 a bottle. Remember there's a 60 day money back guarantee terms apply. Visit omega XL radio.com act now.


John Stewart is back at the Daily Show and he's bringing his signature wit and insight straight to your ears. With the Daily Show Ears Edition podcast. Dive into John's unique take on the biggest topics in politics, entertainment, sports, and more. Joined by the sharp voices of the show's correspondence and contributors, and with extended interviews and exclusive weekly headline roundups. This podcast gives you content you won't find anywhere else. Ready to laugh and stay informed. Listen on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts.


Welcome. I'm Danny Rell, won't you join me at the fire and dare enter Tales from the Shadows presented by iHeart and Sonoro, an anthology of modern day horror stories inspired by the legends of Latin America. From gasoline encounters with shapeshifters to bone chilling brushes with supernatural creatures. No. Take a trip and experience the horrors that have haunted Latin America since the beginning of time. Listen to No Tales From the Shadows as part of Michael ura podcast Network available on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcast, or wherever you get your podcasts.


Morning everybody. It's DJ NV Jesse. Hilarious. Charlemagne the guy. We are The Breakfast Club. Let's get to Jess with the Mess with Lauren LaRosa. Your news is real. Jessica Robin Moore. Just don't do no lying. Don't do, she don't spell nobody bro. Why Jess World? Why Mess on The Breakfast Club? She's the coach With Lauren. Lauren Osa. I'm back And I got the mess. Talk to me alrightyy, y'all. So yesterday we had Wendy on air and it caused a lot of reactions. Of course. Now one of the reactions, it's coming from an attorney. Her name is Roberta Kaplan.


She spoke to TMZ and she said that people should not be fooled by Wendy Williams and how good Wendy Williams sounded when she called into our show yesterday because Wendy Williams does still have dementia. And with dementia you have some good days and you have some bad days. So because she had a good day yesterday when she did that interview, basically she's saying don't judge her, her state right now based off of that. Now in the story, Roberta is listed as Wendy Williams attorney, but I did wanna clarify that she is the attorney that is assigned to the case with a and e. So Wendy Williams con conservator is an illegal dispute with a and e over to Wendy Williams, doc and Roberta Kaplan is the attorney for that situation specifically.


And she's basically also making it clear that at the time that Wendy Williams was put into the conservatorship, it was based off of like a health evaluation and, and based off of that health evaluation, she says that a judge deemed that Wendy couldn't make her own decisions. And because of this is something that Wendy will need care for for the rest of her life. They felt like what Wendy is going through right now is what was best for her. So she wanted to remind people of that. I just, I just wanna reiterate what you said, Lauren. Roberta Kaplan isn't Wendy's lawyer, she's only representing Wendy and her lawsuit against a and e for producing the documentary way Wendy Williams. Correct. And, and that lawyer was hired by her guardian, Sabrina Morrisey. Yes. And I guess like if you're being technical, it's like if you're hired by the conservator who represents Wendy Now at this point you could argue yes on Wendy's attorney, but She's on allegedly on, on Sabrinas Side.


Right? It's right. I think the way that it's being reported is, is unfair to the situation because it's being reported as if this is her like everyday attorney who would know her enough to speak for her outside of just the health about This is not Wendy's everyday attorney. This is only attorney. Not that I'm reading. Sabrina got for a and a allegedly. Right? A hundred percent not, not from everything that I'm understanding. And Also think about that right. The, the, the a e lawsuit that Sabrina Morrisey filed. Sabrina is claiming that Wendy was not and is not capable for consenting to the term, to the documentary contract. And no one acting in William's best interest would allow her to be portrayed in the demeaning manner in which she's portrayed in the trailer for the documentary. So it would be who the attorney Robert Cap, Roberta Kaplan to say Wendy has Dementia.


Yeah. That Wendy's not, but look, but in the same turn if you're supposed to be watching over her Exactly. And you're saying that they did her dirty or that she wasn't in the right state of mind to do that contract. Sabrina, you were the guardian when all that happened. Sabrina was the guardian when that happened, Right? Since 2022. Yeah. So, so wouldn't Sabrina be in fault? Like she wouldn't be doing her job If Sabrina Morrisey, if she was the one that was in control of Wendy at that time? Yeah. She must be one of those people who don't have Wendy's best interest because like we just said, you've been her guardian since 2022. So why would you allow her to sign the document it document if you didn't think she was capable of consenting to the terms? And, and let me ask one other question. She said that maybe Wendy had a a good day. You've been speaking Wendy for a couple of days. Correct.


And she's been a couple of weeks. Yeah, a couple of weeks. And she's been clear minded and sound the same that she sounded yesterday Correct. To me. It's not like I talk to her every minute of the day, but yeah, to me It's a lot of good Days. Yeah. And I think, I think what also too has to be thought about here as well is the fact that like when you have something like dementia, like yes it's, it's, there's like a scale. It's all over the place and we do know that. Right. But I think the conversation we had with Wendy yesterday, it wasn't about whether she has dementia or not, right? It was whether just because she has dementia at whatever level it's at or isn't, you know what Emini here, should she be in the position she's in where she feels locked away? Well, she can't go. She has to get permission to go to her dad's birthday party. Yeah. Where she needs permission to go to the store to buy a hairbrush where she needs permission to go to Sephora to get her dad a gift.


But I haven't heard Wendy since she's diagnosed with any of these things. And that's another Thing Wendy's never told her that she's been diagnosed. Yeah. I Haven't heard it from her, Her mouth either, but, but Grave's disease, right? Yeah. She's talked about having Grave's disease. Well they're, they're saying that this was, it's a neurological disease that at the time of the conservatorship she was diagnosed with and that's what the judge made the decision on. That's what the attorney is said, well where The doctors at? Because all I hear is Sabrina Morrisey and Roberta Kaplan saying these things. Where's the, where's the, the doctors act saying these things? Well, her doctor wouldn't be able to come out and say that there's, you know, hipaa, they can't, you know what? Emini here, they can't do that. You can't just those documents and all that, that's a private thing. I Didn't say release the documents, but can't can't, somebody in the medical field, Someone in the medical field could come in and say what they think based on what they're hearing and seeing. But the doctor that actually diagnosed her, unless Wendy or whoever the guardian, whoever gives them permission, can't just do that.


What Britney Spears, it was like that. Like to this day, we still don't know what Britney Spears is issue is. Right. As far as her health, we just know she was in a conservation. Well we Know what all Wendy's issues are, but they're not coming from a doctor, is what I'm saying. Got you. The, the, the, the lawyer and the guardian are the ones saying that she had these issues. And this, this is my other thing. If, if I think her name is Roberta, the attorney is Roberta. Roberta Kaplan. Roberta Kaplan. Why would she be speaking out if she's Wendy's civil attorney? Right? Because she's suing civil, correct? Yes. But you said 'cause Sabrina can't speak publicly. Yes. So she's speaking out because due to whatever it was decided on in the guardianship court order, Sabrina who is her conservator is prohibited from Mick getting any comments on this, on the story. Like on in in response to the interview.


And Wendy told us she never met Roberta Kaplan. She never met her personally. No. She, yeah. From when Wendy said that to y from What I, what she told us. Yeah. From the conversation I had with Wendy, she said that she's aware of who she is. She, it's been like maybe a slight conversation, but she didn't meet her and she didn't want to meet her. 'cause there was no reason for her to, because the Annie situation is not her fight. She's focused on figuring out this conservatorship stuff. This Is Crazy. It it is just, it's just very Emini here. It it's, it's just very telling that if you are suing a lifetime in a and e because you're saying that Wendy wasn't of sound mind to con to these contracts of of course the lawyer, which say that push that Narrative. Yeah. That she's, yeah, of course Emini here, they wanna win a case.


Absolutely. I think with her, with Alex fine. Alex Finney, Alex Finney, her niece mentioned yesterday too, was good because she said, well why can't we do another health evaluation right now? That was so long ago. That's true. Which I think could answer and certain, you know what Emini here answer lot questions. But let's take a, take a listen to what Wendy actually said about her condition herself. They said, you're cognitively impaired and you're incapacitated. Oh yeah. Do I seem that way? No. You've been calling Damnit You've been calling me five times a day for the last two weeks. No, you don't seem that way To Be how dare how dare how dare excuse me. Who I naturally am is who I naturally am. You know what I'm saying? Right? Yes. And, and, and, and my niece knows all about that crap. Mm.


So she's leaning into, look, good day, bad day. Who I am is who I am. Yeah. I learned so much yesterday. People were sending me stuff like I saw the Black Information Network reported that the judge overseeing Wendy's guardianship, her name is Lisa Sokoloff. She was once under investigation because of a concerning link between her and guardianship cases. And there was like a six month month probe over allegations and she took bribes from guardianship lawyers. Just something to know Emini here. It's just something's clearly going on. Yeah. Something Seems off. Something in this whole thing seems so something off. It does not seem right in this whole thing. But I'm not even just with Wendy's case, just this whole conservative guardianship system. It seems insane. Yeah. The amount of people that called yesterday and said they were going through God the same issues, the same problems and, and that Shit, there's documentaries about it on Netflix.


Like people was sending me documentary links to watch. I was like, Me too. I was getting text all this stuff yesterday about different movies to watch about people who are in this position. Like documentaries in real life or like fictional stuff that is very similar to this as well. But I think, you know, the medical system, people forget it's a system and systems as we've experienced, are not built to kind of help us in a way that make the most sense. They're business. Yeah. They, to make money. It's a hundred percent business. And, And I I know there was another, like Wendy talked about this on another interview about like how people make money off of this. And people keep asking, well, why does she keep saying, oh, they make money off of this. They make money off of this. A guardian like you, that's a, it's a job. It's a job where she's staying. She pays to stay there.


Yeah. Someone's getting paid from all of this. So Emini here, I can't, She'll be speaking to Jason Lee today too from Hollywood on Unlock. I think they, I think they might have taped it already though. I'm not sure. Yeah, he posted about it. I forget what time it goes up though, but 11:00 AM Okay. 11:00 AM All right. We'll shout out to Jason Lee. Absolutely. And that is just with the Mess with Laura LaRosa. Now when we come back, we got front page news and then the cast of Harlem will be joining us. We're gonna be talking to Tyler Lepley, Megan Good, Grace Byers, Shae Rashanda, and Jerry Johnson. So don't go anywhere. It's The Breakfast Club. Good morning,


Wake up. Wake up. You're locked into The Breakfast Club, Charlemagne to God here. And I want you to let Audible expand your life by listening. Tap into your wellbeing with Audio books, podcast and originals on better health relationships, finance and more, and reach the goals you set for yourself. Sign up today for a free 30 day trial@audible.com.


Morning Everybody. It's DJ envy, Jess, hilarious Charlamagne guy. We are The Breakfast Club. Laura Lar is filling in for Jess. And let's get in some front page news. Now, NFL this weekend games on Saturday and Sunday. Now the Texas take on the Kansas City Chiefs Commanders. Take on the line. Who you got Charlemagne. Keep in mind I'm a Dallas Cowboy fan and you know, every year I say Cowboys going to the Super Bowl. So don't, don't, don't listen to me as a, a expert on any of this. But I think the Texans going upset the Chiefs. I think the commander is gonna upset the lions. Now I got the Chiefs in the Lions on Saturday. Who you got Lauren? Saturday. Nevermind. Okay, Saturday. I'm done. I got the limping drop. There's going to be an upset in one of those games.


I think the, I think the, And I really don't, it's gonna be an upset in one of those games. That's all I'm gonna say. I Think the Chiefs and Lions now Sunday, you Think the cheats and lion just gonna win straight up. I think the cheats and lion gonna win. Nah, at one of them games gonna be an upset. Now Sunday, the Rams take on the Eagles. Ravens take on the bills. I say Eagles and Ravens. I got Rams Ravens for that one. Good Morning, Morgan. Good morning. Good morning guys. I also got snacks. Lauren Bring snacks. I good The Board and into wine. I know that's right. I, I like those bold predictions. I like those bold predictions. LA does seem to be playing with a chip on their shoulder for good reason. Yep. And you know, not too much on my Ravens. Ooh, not too much on my Ravens. I, I like I got the Ravens at, at winning the whole Super Bowl.


But once again, I'm a Dallas Cowboy fan. Don't listen to me. And Of course the commanders man, y'all had, it was a good, it was a good season. Anyway, let's get to it. Let's talk inauguration. Okay. President-elect and Trump's inauguration is being called an attractive potential threat or attractive potential target, rather for violent extremists. That's according to US National Security agencies. The FB i's Secret Service Capitol Police, the Washington DC government and Supreme Court's Police Department compiled a threat assessment. It laid out various scenarios and the types of people like foreign or domestic terrorists who could make them happen. Officials have been on high alert, especially after last summer's assassination attempt on Trump and the New Year's Day attacks in New Orleans and Las Vegas.


Now the agencies noted that there are no specific credible threats at this time. Now, former presidents, Obama, Clinton, and Bush will not attend President-elect's inaugural lunch. NBC news reports. All three will however, attend Trump's swearing in ceremony earlier on Monday. The former first ladies will also attend, with the exception of Michelle Obama. I know y'all have seen the memes. She not coming. It's also, she also did not attend the funeral service last week for former president Jimmy Carter. Again, inauguration is one of the only occasions when all former living presidents usually congregate to usher in the next administration. However, Trump declined to attend President Joe Biden's inauguration in 2021.


This comes as TikTok CEO will attend President-elect Trump's inauguration. Suzy Chu will be in Washington DC the day after the social media platform is set to be banned in the us. Multiple reports say will be will. He will join other big tech CEOs who are expected to attend, including Tesla's, Elon Musk Meadows, mark Zuckerberg, and Amazon's Jeff Bezos. Of course this comes as TikTok ban has passed in Congress with a bipo bipartisan majority last April. And lawmakers gave the app until this Sunday, January 19th, to either divest from bi by dance, its Chinese owned company, or face a ban, which as mentioned before, president Biden's administration is not going to enforce that ban.


So it will be up to President elect Trump as to what happens effective I guess January 20th, another inauguration News flags will be raised full staff at the US Capitol on Monday in honor of the inauguration of President elect Trump. Last month, president Biden ordered flags to be a lower to half staff for 30 days in, in remembrance of President Jimmy Carter. And now on Tuesday, Republican House speaker Mike Johnson posted on X that flags at the Capitol would fly at full staff on inauguration and then be lowered back to full half staff the following day to continue honoring Carter. Now speaking of Mike Johnson, Republican House speaker and Mike Johnson said there should be certain requirements for any federal funding provided to assist those affected by the devastating wildfires in LA California.


Gavin Newsom is firing back saying California has never questioned funding in a time of emergency. When y'all basically, when y'all asked us y'all, we didn't put a price tag on it. He directed his comments directly to house Speaker Mike Johnson, president elect Trump and he used Louisiana as an example, adding Californian's right now they need empathy and compassion. Let's hear from California Governor Gavin Newsom. We Never conditioned it. We never talked about putting the full fate in credit of the United States of America with a debt ceiling bill. See if we can get tax cuts for billionaires and corporations that don't need it. As opposed to condemnation and divisive language that has aided and embedded nothing except mis and disinformation.


That's flamed fear and flamed a lot of anxiety for folks that are simply trying to recover. So it's ironic because right now there's actually a recall attempt targeting California ga, governor Gavin Newsom that is currently underway. Backers say his handling of the current wildfires were the breaking point. Former Senate candidate James Bradley, who was one of the organizers, says they will file papers in the next two weeks. The petition lays out a long list of grievances against the governor. They cite an increased cost of living crime, homelessness, and Newsom's. Recent call for a special session to safeguard the state's for progressive policies from the incoming Trump administration. Let's hear from a former Senate candidate James Bradley.


We're Trying to make as nonpartisan as possible address the issues and say he's not the guy we need to bring someone in that can save California. We're getting so much support from extreme progressives now with Hollywood losing their homes. We've seen people leaving the state businesses, leaving the state. It went from a very business friendly climate to, there's this constant Conflict. Yeah. So switching gears or bringing the topic of the LA wildfires to New York where you guys are. New York Senator Kirsten Gillibrand wants to ensure wildfire preparedness across the state following the devastation in Los Angeles. Now she sent a letter to the New York State Division of Homeland Security requesting information about the state's readiness to combat potential wildfires.


She Says she's working on legislation to increase resources for fire departments, including measures that would put more money into training and equipment to fight wildfires. Let's hear from New York. Senator Kirsten and Gillibrand. I'm Praying for these families who have lost loved ones and for the many who have been injured or displaced. While we still don't fully know the cause of these fires, we do know fires like them are becoming more and more frequent and destructive nationwide as well as in New York. What's happening in Los Angeles is absolutely gut wrenching. And I pray that such a disaster like it will never happen in New York. But we need to do the work in the present to ensure we're ready for the future. The equipment and training that's needed to stop a brush fire is very different than the equipment and training needed to take down a fire in a building.


Yeah, the senator noted November's unseasonably dry conditions and strong winds that fueled wildfires throughout the state, including New York City and the Hudson Valley. Now the senator says she's also working on legislation to increase resources for fire departments as previously mentioned in her audio. Alright, Well thank you Morgan. Well thank you. That's your front page news. I'm Morgan Wood, follow me on social at Morgan Media. And for more news coverage, follow at Black Information Network. Download the free iHeartRadio app and visit us@bnnews.com. Happy Friday. Go flock. Go flock, go commanders. All right, when we come back, we got the cast of a hall of Megan Goode, Tyler Lepley, grace Bias, Shanik Shinai and Jerry Johnson joining us. So don't go anywhere.


It's The Breakfast Club. Good morning. The Breakfast Club. Y'all been doing a lot on the side as well. Y'all been engaged. I know y'all been having babies, y'all been putting Out music books. Y'all been doing a lot. Yeah, It's true. It's true. Yep. So how are y'all doing all of that on the side as well as taping your show? You know what's interesting is that as we've been taping the show, because we started, what, what year did we start? 2020, okay. 2020. And then we got like maybe three episodes in, then Covid happened, then we took a break, then we came back, then we had a year off, then we went through the strike and all these different things. But during the duration of all these things we were experiencing life, we were having all kinds of life changes and having conversations in between because not only are we, you know, friends on the show we're like sisters in real life, but also with Tracy.


And then same with Tyler. Like that's our brother, that's our family. But each one of us we're experiencing things that, you know, as Tracy spoke to us, she was like, well what do you think about this? And what do you think about that? And I know you're on this journey and you know, do you mind if I implement this and all of that? So, so much of it is actually mirrored in the show of what we were experiencing. So it kind of made it seamless in that way. And you know, you have a, a specific story about that. But yeah, just everything, it just, it feels like it was a part of our actual real lives. So what's your story With that? No, so, so we were talking about this, but you know how Quinn goes through her depression journey in season two. I did a lot of research on depression because it wasn't something I was personally dealing with at the time, but I wanted to reflect it in a very honest way. So went through that, did that research, and then I had the baby and then I was diagnosed with severe postpartum depression.


So even when I came on the show the last time I was in the depths of that, Hmm. Didn't really realize the impact and how that affected me until I started to kind of climb out of that. Right. Going through that journey with Quinn, it gave me a space and a refle. I, I call it my help journal, like a reflective journal to look back on and say, oh, like this was, this was the way in which it was showing up for Quinn. I didn't realize that postpartum depression can show up as fatigue. Mm. As overwhelm. We know about the sadness, we know about all that stuff, but these are some of the ways the mood swings. Didn't know that that was a part of those things. And so being able to play that and reflect that in Quinn gave me almost like a map that I could go, okay, grace, like this is how you can navigate this.


Did work. Help or hurt. Yeah, that, did it make it worse? No, it helped because it actually gave me an enlightenment. Right? Like, oh, this is what it could look like. This is what, and so even though I was, I was doing it for Quinn, it, you know, I felt it on a, on a different nuance level when I was actually going through it myself. Got you. How are y'all juggling the schedules though? Like now, but because it's still, it it is. It's like y'all personally flourishing and business, y'all flourishing. How can y'all, because I know that the schedules Emini here. I know y'all said it is been like two years since y'all did this, but now y'all all got individually a lot going on too. How can y'all still like how y'all juggling schedules? We gonna start with Shaniqua on that one because she just got a single, You know, I thrive when I'm busy.


Yeah. I really do. I like the structure of figuring out my schedule. I become more detail oriented when I have a lot of things to focus on. And I was very intentional about dropping feel my love, my new single Yes. After ending season two with a engagement or proposal. Yes. And so I wanted to like balance that and have that come out at the same time as the show. 'cause I knew a lot of Harlem fans would be paying attention, but also just to like, you know, maybe troll a little bit or make them question whether Angie would actually end up in this relationship because we don't get a yes or a no at the end of the season too. Okay. Strategy. So it could be anything. You know, we try to have a rollout. Megan, you refer to them as your sisters and your brothers.


Does that, does that happen naturally? Because a lot of times, you know, people wanna keep things business. Yeah. So does that just happen naturally that this bond, It happened completely organically. Okay. Like from the beginning, from day one. If I start with Shae, we, like, we were on FaceTime a few years prior And I had never met her before and we just spoke and we talked about like, you know what, one day we're gonna do a show together. And we touched and agreed on the camera of the FaceTime. And then literally years later here we are both walking in, we're both testing and we're in the bathroom. And she's like, do you remember me? I was like, from where? And she told me And I was like, wait, what? And then we ended up praying and crying in the bathroom and you know, there's that. And then literally with Tyler it was just immediate like just family and just easy or an organic, same thing with Jerry. It was like, okay, I feel like I've known her forever.


Like, you know, and then when Grace I called her, I was like, girl, I'm getting, she was like, don't tell me you're getting ready to come in for Camille. We, we were friends. Yeah. Like for years before that. So that was exciting. Yeah, yeah, yeah. Is That the norm on sex? No, it isn't always like that. Okay. And then you also, you know, when it, when it's gonna be for women, you just never know what you're gonna get. You hope that that is the experience. But you know, and we had talked about this a few years prior saying how it would be great if we got an opportunity to work on a show together. So when I called her and she was like, I can believe I'm so exciting, it was like you just knew that God was in it. And I have to say, for me, this has been the best professional experience that I've had in my entire career. Wow. You know, you know it in a way it's, it's the end of a chapter, but it's exciting because the way that we end the chapter we're really, really proud of.


And I think the audience is gonna get everything that they wanna get. But also I think that we got what we wanna get outside of having a movie additionally, but, but it's better I think to, to move this way where it's, you know, you didn't stay for too long but you gave everyone exactly what they wanted and needed. Mm. And I wanna give Megan her props too because she was a great leader in setting the culture of our set. And everybody who has come and guest star, they've had a really great time. But we learned from Megan from Grace. Like it truly is a fun time. But also we have decided, we decided early on that we were gonna stick together throughout this situation.


So nobody could say, well you know, this person was a difficult one or this person was a this one or this. Because if there was a problem, we all have the problem. If there was, we all have it and we're on the Zoom calls or whatever and you won't know where the source is because we didn't want it to be like somebody was pinpointed or somebody is this one's person Positive. Yeah. And we promised each other that if somebody says something to one of us about the other one, we not just gonna take it at face value. We come into the source and saying, Hey, did this really happen? That's my people do like, people do like to like separate women and pin women against each other. So I think it was really important for us to, and this is my second show, Emini here. I was like six months outta grad school And I booked this show and first time being the lead in something and, and then to get to do it like this, which is for me, my manifestation and to be like, oh wait, no actually for me this can be the exp the norm of the experience.


And y'all set the tone for that. So I thank you for being, that's All. We have more with the cast of Harlem here. Megan. Good Epley Grace Bias. Nik was Shea and Jerry Johnson. When we come back, it's The Breakfast Club. Good morning. Morning everybody. It it's DJ Envy. Just hilarious. Charlamagne. God. We are The Breakfast Club. We're still kicking in with the cast of Harlem. Their final season is out January 23rd. We have Megan, good, Tyler Lepley, grace Bias Shandy and Jerry Johnson. Now Tyler, I seen you, you recently got engaged. Congratulations. Appreciate Let All these ladies down. Tyler, they off the wall unfollowed you on this throw away.


I Was, I was reading your comments when you did it and you know, there was some people saying, it's about time. It's about time. I was like, let my man cook. Let him do what he wants. Come on, let Him cook, man. Let it marinate. Let me, let me find my season there. You know what I'm saying? Right. I feel like, you know, when it comes to any relationships where we, whether we talking about my fiance Miracle now, or we talking about, you know, my sisters right here, it behooves us to really, you know, just take our time with it. Figure out a place that we can get in where it's a true, you know, both feet in give and take relationship where we're really bringing something to the table and able to take something away from it. You know what I'm saying? That takes time. You know, we live in this microwave society where everything's supposed to be overnight, you know, and social media makes it harder. It makes it more difficult, you know, you're not able to grow at your own pace. You know, you gotta suffer your wins and your losses sometimes, well, all the time in front of everybody, you know.


So it makes it a little bit more, you know, when things are under a magnifying glass, you know, I just slow it down, make sure everything is real, you know, look on the ground, we locked in the ground. All right. Cool. You know what I'm saying? So I feel like just, just taking your time with anything can allow it to, you know, just develop in the right way. But, you know, I, I took my time and it ended up being something that I was, you know, I was happy with. Yeah. I think she Was too. Megan, you got engaged too. Congratulations. Thank you Guys. Clap. Can I just, I just wanna say something real quick because, you know, we, you know, I remember seeing Jonathan and Creed, And I remember watching him, you know, just like, just do his thing.


You know what I'm saying? I'm happy that, you know, the new one about weightlifting is coming back. You know what I'm saying? We love seeing John Magazine. Magazine. Yeah. Magazine Dreams. Yep. Yep. So it, it's like, you know, we love seeing Jonathan up on the screen, but it's like, anytime I, I see somebody before I get to meet them, you never know what it's gonna be. Especially in Hollywood. It's crazy out here. You know what, Emini here. Yeah. So it's like, you know, I remember meeting Jonathan and it was interesting how I, I bumped into him for a couple days and he was already like my bro. It was like my brother already though. Yeah. So by the time we, we bumped into each other at the Ebony thing the other month, it was just like, yo, it's my dog. We, we dapping up and whatnot. And it was just, it was just cool. 'cause you don't often see that, you know, in this space. Yeah. So it was like, you Jonathan's like a brother. I love John. When He proposed me, Just say, who's the Jonathan, when he proposed did, he said, will you beat my Coretta?


He ask. He didn't say that. Okay. But, you know, I am his. Yeah. We were thinking about doing that for Halloween. That was going, That would've been an amazing troll. Why didn't y'all do it? Yes. Well, we'll do it next year. 'cause we already had those costumes from the year before. But the strike, we wanted to respect the masking as not to dress up as characters, but next year, you know what I'm saying? Dun. Yeah. Period. Jerry, you were engaged too. Yes. One more engagement. Jerry was engaged. Congratulations. Thank you. And the funny thing is, my fiance and Jonathan went to college together. Wow. Did they really? That's crazy. They went to acting school together, and so it was like, actually the four of us, it was like a, it just felt right.


Anyway. Yeah. But yeah, I got engaged in Jamaica, you know, I was like hearing the side, wanted to make it. I can't, grace, grace wanted to be in another life. Grace was my wife. Just so you she Oh no. But she was my wife in another life. It's okay. Next time. So next time, next time. No, no, no. But it's been great. It is. It interesting though, for everything, like the social media thing, for everything to be so Yeah. Public with the, and, and you have to figure out how to navigate when somebody isn't in the public life. You know, she's a producer and so her job is more of playing background even though she Emini here, she has retired from acting on stage and stuff.


And so it's just, it's just interesting. But it's been beautiful to see like my community a accept it and accept her soul wonderfully. But she also is like, that's my best friend. So dope. She's amazing. Beautiful. Congrats Megan's dope. So I, a couple years ago, you know, your, your first marriage had ended and I know that had to be very hard for you. Did you ever see yourself not getting married again? Did you ever say like, I'm giving up on this, or, no, I'm a very optimistic person and, And I really do trust God. And even when, you know, I don't understand. I just, I have to lean into the fact that God knows what it is and what it's supposed to be. And, and God's gonna take care of everything. But yeah. I was never like, I'm not gonna get married again.


I was just like, what is that for? Yeah. But now sitting here today, I'm, I'm thankful for every part of the experience. Yeah. I'm thankful for every part of the journey, every single thing that I've been through. Rather it was that Emini here, just anything along the journey has made me better, has made me stronger, has helped me learn more about myself. But it is not only done that, but increased my faith and it's brought me closer to the person that I want to be. And so it's been, it's been crazy, but it's been amazing. Yes. You are a strong woman. You are, you are. To sit there through like e even the trial when you're husband, well your fiance, I am sorry. You know what I'm saying? Just say much up what you want. Right, Right. Seeing him going through, you know, the trial and everything, was there even a point in that where you were like, yo, this is, this is a lot, this is too much.


You know what Emini here? Like, no. No. Okay. No, I literally, I was talking to God and, And I knew I was exactly where I was supposed to be. Love that. And I've learned along the way that not only will things not always make sense to me, but sometimes it won't make sense to other people. And that's okay. As long as you are in alignment with God and you're trusting, you know, the path that you're on. That's it. And the more that I've done that, the happier I've been. I don't think, I don't know when I've been this happy before. Wow. I think I might've been a kid when I was seven before. Dope. Wow. So that's dope. I was gonna ask, how do y'all deal with the, the rumors, with all the relationships and the comments and the things that go outta play? Do you feel like you have to answer every, every one of them? 'cause it has to get to a point where you're like, you know what, Emini here. Yeah. I'll say when people say, so I was living with Megan when she was dating, and with the whole Jonathan coming up, like, I was live there when she would come back to the house and we would discuss what, what's happening.


And she was like, and this was before the trial and everything like that. And I still have voice recordings of her being like, I think I love this man. And I'm like, okay girl. But when people think that people will just be in a relationship as a publicity stunt, that's my point. It just like, to me it just is like, what, how y'all don't know how publicity works, first of all. Yeah. First of all, because it's not like, this don't make sense for publicity because Megan didn't need that kind of publicity. Precise. Megan's been doing it for 30 something years. That's Precise. So that's the thing that irritates me. Like the how much was she getting? It just was like, are y'all dumb? So yeah, sometimes I do comment. Are you dog? So you, so you help her out.


So you comment, she be comment creep Philly. I'm say not only Jerry, her sister. Do not. La Jerry does not play. Call chill out. You Know what, I just disconnect. I, I'm at a point now where, you know, I'm 43 and I've already been through all the seasons, all the media takeouts, all the bps, all the dragging, all the things, And I just don't care anymore. Yeah. And I think also too, like when, like when we talk about rumors, like, you know, it it, it's not just limited to, you know, the public things that people see. Like sometimes people have all kinds of things that they wanna say about you as a person.


And they're, oh, we heard this story about da da da. At the end of the day, everybody's gonna always look through the scope of their own limited experience. I cannot see myself and form my identity or my alignment with God based off of the limited experiences that you have. And see, even the opinions that you formed talk, that talk with the mini, like the, the minuscule details that you have, it does not define me as a person and it will go awry if I start to be who I'm not supposed to be. Because I'm so interested in showing you that I'm not who you think I am. Your misrepresentation of me does not define me, does not fulfill my purpose. Mm. It will not shape the path before me.


Come on. And I think that that's just really what it comes down to. And it's good to say it though, because we're all in the public eye. There's a lot of things that people wanna say and do when it comes to us. And I think you just have to, and then you have to pick and choose what's worth your energy. Good Man. Alright, we have more with the cast of Harlem here. Megan. Good Epley, grace Bias, qua Shandy and Jerry Johnson. When we come back, it's The Breakfast Club.


Hi, I'm John Walsh here for Omega xl. Do you suffer from muscle pain and soreness due to overuse daily activities, exercise, or aging like I do? Do you feel it in your back, your neck, knees, or joints? I know I did. I finally found a solution. It's Omega xl, a clinically proven natural drug-free supplement that helps relieve daily joint pain and muscle soreness. Omega XL delivers results you can feel made with a proprietary oil extract from green lip muss. It's a powerful super oil with no fishy aftertaste, small and easy to swallow, and is 16 times more potent than standard fish oil. Omega XL has been trusted by millions for over two decades and is backed by 40 years of science and clinical research. Don't let join s prevent you from doing the things you love. Visit omega XL radio.com now for Omega XL BOGO special. That's less than $20 a bottle. Remember, there's a 60 day money back guarantee terms apply. Visit omega XL radio.com act now.


John Stewart is back at the Daily Show and he's bringing his signature wit and insight straight to your ears. With the Daily Show Ears Edition podcast. Dive into John's unique take on the biggest topics in politics, entertainment, sports, and more. Joined by the sharp voices of the show's correspondence and contributors, and with extended interviews and exclusive weekly headline roundups. This podcast gives you content you won't find anywhere else. Ready to laugh and stay informed. Listen on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts.


Welcome. I'm Danny Re, would you join me at the fire and dare enter Nur Tale from the Shadows presented by iHeart and Sonoro, an anthology of modern day horror stories inspired by the legends of Latin America. From gasoline counters with shapeshifters to bone chilling brushes with supernatural creature. Take a trip and experience the horrors that have haunted Latin America since the beginning of time. Listen to No Tales From the Shadows as part of Michael ura Podcast Network available on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts.


What's up y'all? This is Quest Love. And I'm here to tell you about a new podcast I've been working on with the story Pirates and John Glickman called Historical Records. It's a family friendly podcast. Yeah, you heard that, right? A podcast for all ages. One you can listen to and enjoy with your kids. Starting on September 27th. I'm going to toss it over to the host of Historical Records, Emini to tell you all about it. Make sure you check it out. Hey y'all. Emini here. I'm the host of a brand new history podcast for kids and families called Historical Records. Historical Records brings history to life through hip hop. Flash Slam, another one Gone. BA Bam, Another one Gone. The cracker to bat and Another one Gone. A tip bud. The cap is another one. Gone. Each episode is about a different inspiring figure from history like this one about Claudette Colvin, a 15-year-old girl in Alabama who refused to give up her seat on the city bus nine hold months before Rosa Parks did the same thing. Check it. And I wouldn't give up my seat nine months before. Rosa. Get the kids in your life excited about history by tuning into Historical Records. Because in order to make history, you have to make some noise. Listen to Historical Records on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts.


Morning Everybody. It's D-E-J-N-V. Just hilarious. Charlemagne. God. We are The Breakfast Club. We're still kicking in with the cast of Harlem. Megan Good, Tyler Lepley, grace Bias Shandy and Jerry Johnson. Charlamagne Does acting allow y'all to just escape when you're dealing with all of these personal things now you can just go be somebody else for a few hours. It allows You to work through things, you know, past trauma, certain experiences, whether it's childhood Emini here, whatever it may be. It allows you to have a place to put it to good use. And for it to be something that someone else can watch or see and take from it and go, okay, that made me feel not alone, or that made me feel seen or understood. So I think in a way it's therapeutic.


I don't know if it really allows us to escape. I get to each his zone that I think escape gets a little dangerous. So do y'all allow yourselves to lose yourself in a row or you don't? You don't. You can't go to, you can't. Wow. Because that's, I think the, if we think about like some of our greats that have lost themselves and then we lost them, I think A Huge ledger. I was gonna say that. Yeah. It's like when you go there, if you don't know how to unzip that character and step out in order to go home and not have that energy in your home, it gets crazy. But also the body doesn't know the difference sometimes. So when you go, when you're going deep into a character and you're not doing those things where you are separating, when you get home, your body don't know the difference.


Mm. So if my character is going crazy, if I'm playing the Joker and I'm really in there Yeah. And I'm taking the joker home with me, my body don't know that I'm not the joker if I believe it enough. Right. And so sometimes, you know, it is good to be like, all right, I'm gonna give a cap on this. Like, if I really gotta go there, I'm gonna go there for the six months. I gotta go there. But I'm already planning all the things I need to plan so that day I'm done. My, it's already set up for me to release this. Whether I'm going to the ocean, whether I'm wherever I am, whether all of my friends come to my house to remind me of who I am, I have to have something that reality sets me back to who I am or it's not gonna be be, it's gonna be on my spirit and it's not gonna be good for Me.


Well then speaking of then, Jerry, wheres Ty's head at after she found out she smashed the mother and a girl back, real life. Now she gotta jump back into being. Yeah. That's crazy. That's crazy. You know, to find out something like that is like, how do you even deal with that? And I think Ty decides Because what does Ty really want? You know, she poll, she's single open. Like I think she just, Jerry is poll She, but, but she's loved big listen. Right? Even though Jerry is Polly, I wouldn't describe Ty as Polly.


Okay. I think Ty was really wanting something, but also probably in that moment being greedy because she was wanting something. But having something else. And I think something else. And I think sometimes if, if my intention is commitment, then I have to go towards what that intention is. And if it's commitment towards one person and I'm letting my energy fly, of course I might end up with a Daughter and mother, a daughter and a mom. I watched things you could end up with. I knew what was going on And I was like, oh, I was sick. Grace. How, How has motherhood changed you? I think it, what I did not expect was that I, I was fully prepared to be like, I'm ready to learn everything I can about motherhood and my child. I did not anticipate that I was going to also go on a journey to learn about myself.


Mm. And so I had to face things about myself in order to ensure his wellbeing. Right. So I had to go back to my own childhood, go back to the things that, you know, that I didn't realize that I was like holding onto or dealing with or like simple things like, you know, like being, being a recovering people pleaser. I can't do that with my child. I will be so depleted. I will not show up as the mother that I need to be. So how do I then organize in my mind, like how do I prioritize myself for real. For real? Yeah. You know? So like, things like that that I didn't expect that are really changing my life. Hmm. Wow. Are, are these moments bittersweet knowing that, you know, these gonna be the last time y'all probably do interviews together and things of that nature?


Yeah. They said they, they, they talk about movie, they manifest a movie. So it be the last time we need a petition, even if it's not this I, y'all could do something else. Yeah. Because y'all are so grounded. Even as just outside the cast, just hearing y'all speak like y'all, like even from the last interview that we had with you, like so much growth. Like know I'm saying that you, you know. Oh yeah. So I was, I was last time, right? No, yo. She said yeah, she said yeah. Well not that, but yo it just, just, I don't know, it's just, it is zenful, it's tranquility. It is a whole bunch. Y'all are very grounded as a cast. Thank you. No, I appreciate that.


I look forward to saying anything else. Nadia don't have to be Harlem or just, you know, y'all can write your own movie. I can direct it. We can just get it, it. Listen, we love you guys Able To come on here. Like, we really appreciate it. Oh, For real. You coming And even just like, you know, to all of us before, you know, as we saying goodbye, I feel like one of the biggest, you know, reasons it's not a sad goodbye is like for a multitude of things. Like a, we have a, you know, we have a great beginning, middle, and now, you know, we knew our and we knew where we were landing at. So like that's a beautiful thing. Yeah. But then on the flip side, off of the script, you know, because of the way we was able to come together as family, like I feel like this is a, you know, a lot of times when we say goodbye to people, it's like a sad goodbye. You know what I'm saying? But it's like I really feel like this is a, you know, this is the opposite.


It's almost like a happy goodbye. You know what I'm saying? When we say goodbye, it's almost like we raising the trophy up. You know what I'm saying? So it's when I do. Yeah. It's on a good note. So when I think back about these times, it's not really gonna be a sad thing, you know, we are able to experience together, share it with The World and close the book at the right time. Nice. Well Qua you tell we not leaving like that. We leaving with your singles. So we gonna play your record. We play record. We gonna play your record but proud before we play your record. Ms. Grace, I felt a god in you this morning. Come on, we we gonna say a prayer before we get up outta here. I love that. Do you want Want me to say the prayer Or No, I'm not saying it. I, I God good God it's great. Thank you for the food we eat. So I'll let you do this prayer ain Dinner on the table. He do that. Alright, let's do it Hands.


Let's Do it. Thank you dear Heavenly Father, thank you so much for this time together. Lord, we ask that you bless The Breakfast Club Lord, we ask that you bless their minds, their hearts, their words, your Father thank you for a form like this Lord, that we're able to galvanize as one, that we're able to come together in truth and honesty and love and just celebrate amazing black work. Lord, we are so grateful for this moment, grateful for this time. Dear Father, we ask that you go before us, that you make the crooked path straight. We ask that you continue to uplift us in your spirit. Dear Lord, let us always stay in your purpose, in your will. Lord, we thank you for your love. We thank you for your blessing. In Jesus' name we pray. Amen. Amen. The cast from Harlem and let's get into your single right now.


Let's go. Well guys, this is Shae cheer. If you need a power ballad, if you about to propose or you got a wedding or you just want feel real special, get back into some old, old school r and b. This is feel my love by me. It's The Breakfast Club. Good morning. Morning everybody. It's DEJ Envy Jess, hilarious Charlamagne the guy we are The Breakfast Club on OSA is here. That was Shanik was Shande, that was her single SLU Qua man. What's it Called? Feel the Love. Feel the Love. SLU Qua Me and Qua. I produced a film a few years ago called Body slu. My guy Joseph Khan. It was, it was, it was a Joseph Khan film executive produced by Eminem And I was a producer on it and Qua was in that film as well.


Okay, Yeah. Salute to her. That's her single. So make sure you go stream it. Download and all that good stuff. But let's get to Jess with The Mess with Lauren LaRosa. Real Jessica Robin Moore. Just don't do no lying. Don't nobody World mess on The Breakfast Club. She's the coaches. Who? Lauren. Lauren, I'm back And I got the mess. Talk to me. Alright y'all, so real quick before we get into like the, like the depth of some other stories, I did reach out to Roberta Ro, how you say the lady name, But wait, it gets worse. Roberta, Rob, Roberta, Roberta, Roberta, I Don can't say them people names.


I reached out to Robbie Kaplan and she did send over the statement, it was a statement that she provided TMZ. But this statement in full, there was a line that wasn't added into the, the TMC sir, that I did wanna highlight at the end of the statement. She says it is truly a shame that there is so much voyeuristic attention right now to this since it only leads to the same kinds of exploitation that we saw in the so-called documentary as alleged in our complaint. She's referring to that, the complaint that they have against a and e right now in, in the courts. But I thought that was crazy because Emini here, I I took that as like she's trying to say that we exploited Wendy. It was not exploitation. It's a woman named Wendy Williams who made a choice to tell her story because she believes she's getting taken advantage of. Nobody knows the current situation. They are in better than Wendy Williams.


Wendy Williams asked to call in The Breakfast Club. Roberta, I understand you have a lawsuit against Lifetime and a and e and the basis of the lawsuit is that Wendy wasn't capable of consenting to the terms of the documentary. And you need to continue to paint Wendy as a person who isn't capable of making good decisions. But please remember, Wendy is capable enough to dispute everything you're saying and I'm sure she will mic Drop. All right. Now moving on. Tiana and Ari sat down Ari Fletcher who is, you know, Instagram model, but also dates Moneybag. Yo former girlfriend and and kids' mom of G Herbo. Yep. Ty Tyena. I'm sorry. Tyena actually has kids with G Herbo now and that is also Emily's daughter. They were on Ari's show cooking with the Dawn and people were surprised because y'all know they've been through it, but they talked about their issues.


Let's take a listen. You Didn't know it was A plan thing. I didn't know that they were together. So you had no clue. Well I knew you guys had a baby, A brand new baby. Yes, I had seen him before like two times. He never tried to talk to me. Then a few months later he hit me up. He basically said he was hitting me up because he had nothing going on. It wasn't anything till it was like all over the internet. The First time that she figured that it was something. Yes, between me and him still was when I posted you on the internet. Yes. I'm like, this is messy. Like what's happening. Her posting it kind of like made us like have to defend each other And I think that forced, like y'all trauma bonded.


Yes. I know everybody thinks that. I was like a home wrecker. Everybody thinks I was his side piece while he was pregnant and all of that. And like that was not the case. I love that. I love seeing people be civil with each other. Yeah, it Was really good to see. And And I've always been like, I don't know how people after you go through so much, especially publicly and y'all are celebrities and influencers and you know what Emini here people are so in your business and like now you gotta kind of like, you gotta like stand 10 toes down on all the stuff y'all said, how you get through it. But watching this last night, I was like, man, I'm, I'm actually happy that these women have gotten to the place where they can do this because they, their kids are family. Yeah, Well we seen 'em in the clubs. We seen 'em together before. Yes. And, and Ari's moved on and, And I I'm sure that G Herbo and Tyena moved on as well together. But go Ahead Girl.


She says she's in between jobs, but it sounds like she gonna be herbo With t Now who, who's who in this situation? I know one's g Herbo baby mama. And what's the other person? The other person is Fab. Emily's so Fab's stepdaughter, but Emily's daughter Ty, she Used to date G Herbo. She's currently kids with Down sort of That's Herbo Baby Mamas? Yes. Oh, drop her bond for G Herbo. He Oh, that's beautiful. And and actually they were hungover in this interview because this was after they, those videos of them club. Oh, they was out the night before? Yeah, they were out hanging out and all that. That's dope. Now Why They just don't put the Polynesian sauce on it and everybody get together and this be one big happy family. What do you mean? Because Ari's dating somebody else. She dating. Oh, money bag. You mean like them all go together? Yeah, But she Says She dating somebody else. She, She goes, she goes with money back.


Yo. Got you. Also Ari talked about that too because she's like, she hates when people say that 'cause that ain't never happened and she don't want J Herbo and it it, that's like her brother now. Mm. Yes. But another part that they talked about in this, there were some claims a while back that Tatyana put her hands on. Yoan. Who is G Herbert's? Daughter. Son. I'm sorry. G Herbo son with Ari. Let's take a listen. So Did you put your hands on my son? You know, I did not touch her son. They don't know We had a conversation. Okay. I did not touch her son. I don't even know where that story came about. She said that I ruined her birthday. She Ruined my birthday. My image. Oh, I ruined your image. Can you imagine to have child abuse on You?


If my, if my baby Did you think that I was lying? Like I just completely made That up? No I don't. But full transparent, I thought like maybe he was getting like coached 'cause she didn't mess with me. You know what? I think that stemmed from what he wanted to go out with his dad every time his dad went out. So I don't know if maybe that was like a way to make him be able to like, be with his dad only like, oh, TTY did this so he don't keep leaving me with her. And that was a big deal too. Be it was, it was a huge back and forth because you know, claiming somebody put hands on the child is, it gets crazy. But it was glad to see, I was glad to see that, that they talked that out as well. Especially because again, they're not going nowhere, nowhere. They about to have to spend a lot of time together.


Right? A lot of birthdays, a lot of Christmases, all that good stuff. So I'm glad, I'm glad they, this generation thinks like that. 'cause you know, they always say it takes a village. Right? You know, growing up the whole village chose violence against your black cast. Okay? You would get beat by every goddamn body. Okay? Everybody could put hands on you back then. All right. Now speaking of violence, I say speaking Of, we got a minute left, but you gotta do these stories. Wave, listen, allegedly, the rappers are punching, okay? Rappers are punching. So yesterday the story broke that method men had allegedly put his hands on a, a young man who used to date his daughter. They are what, what is being reported per police sources? Is that a method? Man punched this man in his face seven Times. Man punched this man in the face phases crazy seven Times, had a gym in Long Island, he's Dark.


Seven seven, He's dark. And this, this dispute was over. You know, something I that happened when the guy used to date his daughter. Hey, allegedly, now I reached out To Met the man is right. Met the man is right. No, the internet was like, we're so sorry that met the man's hands, had to come in contact with whatever happened. Like they, they people don't play about method. But, but I reached out to a method man's rep who says that they can confirm he was not arrested. And he denies the allegations as reported. And it stated in a lot of the stories that he was not arrested, but that this went down allegedly. Now the other rapper that I'm talking about is Busta Rhymes. So allegedly on January 10th, Busta Rhymes got into it with a guy who was his assistant over the guy being on the phone during work hours, it escalated the back and forth escalated Busta Rhymes punched this man in the face a few times, allegedly the guy called 9 1 1 Busta Rhymes got up outta there, but he recently had to turn him himself and on this.


And when the police got there and the paramedics arrived on the scene, the guy was rushed to a local hospital to be treated for a eye injury. But Tuesday bus rhyme turns Hisself turned himself into NYPD about this because they're, you know, investigating it. There was a, he was given a death ticket for a misdemeanor assault, attempted assault and harassment. I hate to be the victim blamer in this situation, but when you're talking about Met Man and you're talking about bust rhyme, busted rhymes rhyme, you know, those are two grown men who have very good heads on their shoulders. So, And they, and they're from the era where, You know, I hate to say, well what did those people do to deserve that? But I believe Busta and, and they're also from the era where if you talk something, you gonna get smack in the Mouth.


That's not even about that. It's a tough guy. Hu It is. I'm saying the fact that be is 55 years old and he put hands on his daughter's ex-boyfriend. There's something there. We don't know the, so, you know what I'm Saying? I have asked to put hands on his 50-year-old assistant. There's something there. I'm not saying who's right or who's wrong. I'm just saying I'm victim blaming. Yo, I'm not saying, I'm not saying nothing, but allegedly that's The area they grew up in. All Right. I don't know about the eras. I Just say that, you know, You can't punch people in their mouth now, but back then you could. And you get away with it. What's the problem? We're wrapping up. Allegedly. All, all right. All right. Thank you for that. Just with the mess. But yeah, see Emini here because nevermind, I was just Thinking you was thinking about it too.


Yeah, when you think about that after swear, I looked at Him and was laughing because I'm like, they bench I punched you In your, him in his head too. And I, I punched back. I've gotten punched and punched back. I don I don't mind it. It happens. I don't know about that story. I'll never see a face. You Saw the other video. I didn't see any, but I don't care though. I'm not telling no more stories. I don't care either way. You better not. Yeah. Solomon, who you gimme a dog To listen Four after the hour. We need a person who refused to be a victim, but it cost her, her name is Malaysia Lee. She needs to come to the front of the congregation. We'd like to have a world with her. Alright, we'll get to that next, aside know Charlamagne did punch somebody back And I didn't knocked, knocked him out. I didn't as he did. I was There. No I did not. Stop lying on you lied on Manno this week. Why you keep, you lied on Manno this week. You lied on Big Joe.


Cut it out. You keep man there. Stop inviting this. Stop lying. Stop inviting me out. 2025. You're checking out The Breakfast Club Charlemagne Godhead. And I want you to know that our audible picker today is the Let Them Theory by Mel Robbins tap into your power and stop wasting time on things you can't control. Listen, when you sign up for a free trial at audible.com/breakfast club, oh man, Charlemagne, you giving donkey today to who now? Well, not you, Busta. Okay. Unless, unless the assistant tells us something else. All right, well, donkey, today for Friday, January 17th, goes to 22-year-old Malaysia. Lee Malaysia is from Charlotte, North Carolina. Salute to the 7 0 4. Dropping the clues bombs for Charlotte. Man, one of the reasons, one of the reasons that I have chosen to be a mental health advocate is because I want us as humans to learn how to control our emotions.


Easier said than done. I know, but today's donkey is a prime example of it's not what happens to you, but how you react to it that matters. That's why, you know, going to do that internal work on yourself matters. Okay? Because you can get to that place where you realize you don't have to match energies, baby. And you realize you don't have to take everything personally, because as Don Miguel Ruiz says, in one of my favorite books to fall agreements, whatever happens around you, don't take it personally. Nothing other people do is because of you. It is because of themselves. Malaysia could have used that advice. She, she could have used that second agreement because Malaysia was an employee at Wendy's in the 7 0 4. And according to store manager's, a 31-year-old homeless man named Alondro All, is it Alondro?


Yeah, Alon Alondro Romero. Santos came in the restaurant requesting free food. Okay? The news report said he was homeless so clearly he wasn't having the best day After the manager provided him with a cup of water, Santos allegedly used a cup to fill it up with soda instead. Pepsi, Coke, Sprite, Fanta, I don't know what his soda choice was, but when Santos went to the restroom, the manager threw the cup away. Why? Okay, I don't know. Let the man have his cup if he wants, you know, to get free refills. Who cares? In fact, give him some of those hot fries and a cheeseburger and tell him, keep it moving. The man was homeless. Now granted, you can't make a habit of that because you will have people coming to the store doing that all the time. But if you see someone in need, at least attempt to help in this case, you didn't help.


In fact, you're clearly hurt because when Santos came out the bathroom, he got mad, he got upset because the manager threw the cup away. So he went to the parking lot, found another cup, and returned to the store to fill it with soda once again. Now, of course, the manager didn't like that. You went outside and found a cup in the parking lot to fill it back up with soda, by the way, that's nasty. Okay? That is disgusting. All right? That's how you know desperate times called for desperate measures. Somebody might have, have, have spit Flemming that cup. Oh, okay. And tossed it before they left the parking lot might have been rolling a blunt. You know how it is sometime when you out somewhere and you sitting in the car roll it up, you know you got a little cup from the, from a fast food restaurant. You put the blunt guts in that cup, spit in it, you know, toss it.


That's why using a cup he found in the parking lot is gross. But according to this article, he's also homeless. So I'm not judging, but Santos got mad at the manager. So then Santos threw the soda at Malaysia who was sitting in the restaurant with the manager. Now, when I heard this story, I said to myself, I think that's a, so I'm not the highest grade of weed in the dispensary, nor am I a legal expert. But that feels like an assault. It's not a punch, a slap a push, but it is an attack. Okay? There is a reason Sprite rhymes with fight. Okay? That is a man throwing a drink on a woman. So I did some research and by research Emini here, I asked chat. GPT is throwing a drink on a woman considered assault and chat. GPT said Yes, throwing a drink on someone, including a woman, is generally considered assault or battery under the law, depending on the jurisdiction.


Well, we need to lock up everyone on reality tv, okay? From loving hip hop to real housewives, round 'em all up. All right? Yes, Malaysia was assaulted and Malaysia did what a lot of people do in the Carolinas, nor for South. Okay? When they get assaulted, she went to her car, okay? She didn't have an honor, she went and got her pistol. Now, I don't know why the dude Santos stood there and waited for her to come back, but I guess he didn't expect this young lady to have a pistol. What she did, and Malaysia came back in the store, chased Alondro outside and shot at him three times, hit him once in the head while he was driving. Yes, this homeless man had a car, okay? And Malaysia shot the car up and hit him in the head and she was charged with assault with a deadly weapon, with intent to kill and discharging a firearm into occupied property.


And she's in cus she's in custody at the Mecklenburg County Jail under a quarter million dollar bond. Now, I tell you folks all the time, you cannot tell someone how to react. Okay? I might push you and your response might be to pull out a gun and pop me. Well guess what? I shouldn't have pushed you. There is cause and effect to everything, but your Uncle Sharla also tells you that when faced with certain situations, you have to start doing jail math in your head. Okay? You literally have to calculate how much time you could possibly get if you do said crime. You have to calculate in your head if you can afford to do what it is you're about to do. See, Malaysia, I'm not mad at you for going to get your pistol. You was assaulted. I feel like owning a legal firearm in this country and knowing how to use it is a form of self-care. But here's my issue and why you getting the biggest hee-haw?


It's because you didn't do your jail math, Malaysia. You had plenty of time to think about your choice. I understand this man threw sold on you and I'm glad you were able to go to your car to get your gun. But the gun should have been there to protect you from the situation escalating further. Or maybe even the whole demand while the cops come. I'm not expecting you to be a vigilante hero in this situation, but I just wanted you to move with a little less emotion, okay? You gotta be strategic. I understand you were upset because he threw a drink on you and who knows what else you know was going on in his life or even in your life, but you went and got that pistol. He saw you coming, he hauled ass, got this car, and you let off shots. I can even understand that to a certain extent because he might've been going his car to get his weapon. But in this case, according to reports he was driving off, let him go.


I know hindsight is 2020 and and it's easy for me to say because I wasn't in this situation, but let him go. Hell you could even let one off in the air just to let him know you will bust your gun. But shooting in his car, three shots, gunshot wound to the head while he's driving off. Ah, you should have started doing that jail math in your head, man. Luckily he's not deceased. But now you sitting in the county with a quarter million dollar bail. I'm not counting your pockets, but you 22 and work at Wendy's. I doubt you got a quarter million r the 25,000 because most, most bonds are 10%. I I doubt you have either, but that's why jail math works. And you have to calculate these scenarios in your head before you make decisions. Addition, subtraction, multiplication, division. How long will I be gone if I do this?


How much money will it cost me if I do this? Subtract your emotion from things and ask yourself, is it worth it if I do this? The answer is no. You are in jail right now simply because a man wanted a free soda. Let him have it. It is not worth ending up in jail over a free soda and free fast food. Emini here. Come on. Like who, who, who would go to jail for a free soda and free fast food? Wow. Oh Lord. Play your steam music. Okay guys, ear, Mid, Mid-size. Mac is here. Yeah, Bite-size. Mac is crazy. Mid-size Mac is here. How are you? How are you?


Midsize Mac hungry. Wow. Wow. But anyway. Oh, What, what? What Mac. I know. I knew as soon as I said something about food, you was gonna walk in Here. This is, I don't understand how I'll keep telling y'all that the, the big bags are biting back. Mm. Nothing is worth any of this. And not even just because like you said, the jail math, every black person knows we all have the same mantra at work. I don't get paid enough for this. Mm, I Agree. Yeah, I'm With you them folk for foes. I'm with you defending that. I don't get paid enough for this. Mm. You wanna steal from Home Depot? Mm. I don't get paid enough for this. Mm mm You gotta keep, you just gotta tell yourself in the back of your mind constantly because that will prevent you from having to do the jail math. So Even if they throw the food on you or the soda on you, you still like, Well I'm the wrong person to ask that somebody throw food at me.


And they like you. Course it's a game. What else you got? Hey, you Please give Malaysia. Please give Malaysia Lee the biggest haw Jesus Christ Man. So he a zy catcher. He, I ain't say all that. I said somebody throw it at him. What else you got? Nah. God dang. Gizzy aphrodisiac. I hate this show so much. Dang. I'm gonna open my mouth. Go threaten me with a party. Being your foreplay is crazy. That's how you know they ain't no HR here. They, they probably, look I don't get paid enough for this. Alright, thank you g Lizzie catches Charlemagne. Thank you for that dog of the day. Yes indeed. Now speaking of g Lizzie catches, oh My God. How I've been waiting for this day.


Listen, first of all, one of our favorite guests here on The Breakfast Club is coming back to The Breakfast Club. 'cause Dave Chappelle is performing this weekend at radio at Saturday Night Live. Listen, Saturday Night Live. And so he'll, he'll probably be there with him. Yep. And they performed this week at Radio City Music Hall. Now Lauren, you was at the show. Yep. And several other people at the show told me Darnell had a lot of smoke from me on that stage. Yeah. I wasn't there. He was mad that you inserted that photo of him sitting between Diddy's legs on that boat. Okay. And he talked about it. He made it real funny too. He made it real funny, huh? Oh, it is so funny. Well, guess what? That's His stage. This radio is mine. All right, I'm looking for revenge. Oh, oh yes. All right. We gonna talk to him when we come back. So don't move. It's The Breakfast Club. Good morning. The Breakfast Club.


Hello, my name is Ken Meers, founder of Great HealthWorks, the maker of Omega xl. Folks, if you're searching for an answer to your daily aches, pains, and soreness, then try Omega xl. It's a natural product source from a green lip muscle. This oil extract is one of the most powerful natural joint relief super oils in The World. This one of a kind extract is not found in any other product and is backed by over 40 years of clinical research showing that Omega XL provides relief from joint pain due to inflammation. Stop living and pain inflammation is controllable, it's manageable and it's fixable. Importantly, omega XL is small, easy to swallow with no fishy aftertaste, and it works. We've put over 20 years into this quality brand ensuring that Omega XL makes a difference in your life. Try it and you won't be disappointed. Visit Omega xl.com/try it now for Omega XL BOGO special. That's less than $20 a bottle. Remember, there's a 60 day money back guarantee terms apply. Visit omega xl.com/try it.


John Stewart is back at the Daily Show and he's bringing his signature wit and insight straight to your ears. With the Daily Show Ears Edition podcast. Dive into John's unique take on the biggest topics in politics, entertainment, sports, and more. Joined by the sharp voices of the show's correspondence and contributors, and with extended interviews and exclusive weekly headline roundups. This podcast gives you content you won't find anywhere else. Ready to laugh and stay informed. Listen on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts.


Welcome. I'm Danny Re, don't you join me at the fire and dare enter UR Tales from the Shadows presented by iHeart and Sonoro, an anthology of modern day horror stories inspired by the legends of Latin America. From gasoline encounters with shapeshifters to bone chilling brushes with supernatural creatures. Take a trip and experience the horrors that have haunted Latin America since the beginning of time. Listen to No Tales From the Shadows as part of Michael ura Podcast Network. Available on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts.


What's up y'all? This is Quest Love. And I'm here to tell you about a new podcast I've been working on with the story Pirates and John Glickman called Historical Records. It's a family friendly podcast. Yeah, you heard that, right? A podcast for all ages. One you can listen to and enjoy with your kids. Starting on September 27th, I'm going to toss it over to the host of Historical Records, Emini to tell you all about it. Make sure you check it out. Hey y'all Emini here. I'm the host of a brand new history podcast for kids and families called Historical Records. Historical Records brings history to life through Hip Hop Smash Slam. Another one Gone. BA Bam, another one Gone. The Crack a bat and another one Gone. A Tip bud. A cap is another one. Gone. Each episode is about a different inspiring figure from history like this one about Claudette Colvin, a 15-year-old girl in Alabama who refused to give up her seat on the city bus nine whole months before Rosa Parks did the same thing. Check it. And I wouldn't give up my seat nine months before. Rosa. Get the kids in your life excited about history by tuning in to Historical Records. Because in order to make history, you have to make some noise. Listen to Historical Records on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts or wherever you get your podcasts


Here to support any event that I get called off the bench to participate in something. I'm gonna do that character. Would you only go as Darnell? I would love to go as Darnell, but they might not want that. I like, I love to go whatever it is. Who, so would you do what character if you, if they like, oh, choose a character, who would it Be if they ask me to choose a character? Because I've done SNL with him and recreating characters we did on the show. I did. Beautiful two times that he's been on there and it's interesting because there's never been a continuation in any capacity of ashy Larry. So if I would take a guess, I don't know what they plan on doing, but it would be she's messing up again. Yo, I got a red dot. Fix the light. We know we got dog. No, I, yo don't do that sir.


You don't remember that biggie? What? Oh yeah, you got a red did. Don't do that sir. What you mean you got a red dot? What you talking about? I had a red dot and it's very dangerous. No, it's 'cause the lights look at the the reflection is red over there. Is red on the camera. This is a horrible attempt of trying to be funny. It was me too but what was I saying? What was the question again? I was saying Who, who would you be? You were saying you would be Ashley Larry. If I would take a wild guess and what I would like people to see is the continuation of Where is Ashi Larry Now that would be very, very ing. I like that too. Where is Ashley Larry now? Somewhere getting moisturized. Wait, Baby oil. That was horrible. What Emini here. What else you use guys? Haunted house. Are we in a haunted house? Them lights is crazy. You Scared you. You right, you all here together. The lights acting up all day today.


Yo. Y'all doing stupid man. Open. Not. I know. Y'all doing so stupid sir. No, we not. See. Fix the light please. Alright, where is this bag? Why would you pull that bag out? You got bag? Because I don't know. Y'all doing something y'all probably got, And I know you got it all up in your phone. All type of penis templates. I know you, I know you got all size of color. Why would I have that? You probably got a tip like oh, give him the nine hitch with the curve. I know you got, you give him the monster. Oh, who gonna be here today to rock? He gets the monster. I know you got penis templates everywhere, son. That's not true. And different colors give the Asian ones.


Those come in the smaller templates. No, but I know you got penis templates deep down in your library somewhere. You know it's been 22 years since Dave Chappelle premier. You know what, it has been 22 years since the premier of Chappelle show. But the interesting thing about that, it's been embedded into our culture so much. Yes. It's hard to believe it was 22 years, you know, because of social media, because of the way things go viral with like, it's like you put a funny post up, it's either punctuated with the meme that we did or it's punctuated with the meme that me and Charlie did. And as much as people wanna say get over it, that show was 20, 22 years ago. Yeah, it's classic. You classic. It's still classic. It's still relevant and people still connect with it. People tell you here's to get over it.


Huh? People say that to you. Oh, haters people like, oh yeah, what have you done Sister Chappelle show what I've done. Yeah, they, they always say that. But the the dope thing about this show And I was talking to David about it. Hold on second. That Dave right there. No, hello? Hello? Hey, what's up ma? I'm on The Breakfast Club right now. Hey mama. Hey how are you? Hey mom. Hey mom. I'm over here trying to get 'em together. Mom, Mother up for Wow. I tried to give you a hug in the beginning of this interview. She told you stop playing in front of your little friend. She told you stop your don't call her back. Picking up, picking up the phone. Calling her doing podcasting. Oh. Oh don't do this ma. Hello Ma. Why you hang up for me? Hey Ma.


You said you was on a conference Call? No, I said I was in The Breakfast Club. I'm sitting here with the booty band is and the liar. Oh. Oh God. Do you got anything I should say to Charlemagne? God, you already know how he get down. Hey ma Ma, I don't get down like nothing ma. He's lying. He tried to hook me up with your other son. Call my son to hear his voice. I need that every now and again. You Hear what she said? Hold on, put that micro the microphone. Put the speaker. Mama Says She need to hear my voice every now and again. That's right. No mom, you not talking to you not talking to me. That was Charlamagne the booty Bandit. I know who that was.


He we just discovered he got penis templates in his phone. That's not true. Mom, you got penis templates in his phone Ma. What? What? Yeah, that's what I said. Oh. Just get off the line. Alright. Okay. I don't trust it. I call you back. I love you. Bye. Who's your mama favorite character that you played? It's Ashy Larry. Really? Why? Because kind of the idea that would inspire me to do it. I knew it was a dice game And I used to shoot dice when I was younger and my mother used to Darnell. What is going, it's all right. We having issues. Calm down, Not having issues. I'm Look when the lights go off, just hands in the air just to make sure the hands in the air, hand and shoulder.


Knees and toes. Turn The lights. Lights, Hand, shoulder, knees and toes. Just ask. I told you Lights when you walked in. Alright, We got more with done that when we come back. Yes, the lights, we'll get the light situation working when we come back. So don't go anywhere. Darnell Rollins is here. It's The Breakfast Club. Good morning. Morning everybody. It's the Envy. Jess. Hilarious. Charlamagne the guy. We are The Breakfast Club. Laura Laro is here as well. We're still kicking with Darnell. Roland Charlamagne. I, I loved what Dave did last time when he had the, when he re bought the haters back. Right. I would love to see him do that again. I would love to see, I wanna see him do the real. When did you play? Actually Larry was did the real, real world. No, no, that was The World Series of Dice. It was The World Series of dice. So why not bring that back? I'm not in control of that. I'm down. I love that character. You know what I'm saying?


I'm, you know, who knows? Well Used to put it on the wall so you could tell People. But that's not me. That's not me at all. That who that? Who is that? If not you. I don't know who that, like Justin said, that looked like Su Knight Bent over with the Give Suge Knight. He's a little bit, he's a little thick. That's not me at all. He's a little thick. Nope. Not even close to it. It horrible, horrible resemblance of me that is even disrespectful and Got lotion on his hand. I know. And that's another thing I would never have lotion. This whole, that whole picture is sinister. What you mean actuary Lotion? Because you said that he now he would be moisturized with like what The actuary moisturizer with I'm saying in your new depiction of him, what would he moisturize with you? What would one of your boyfriends moisturize at? I Don't know who. Why keep throwing these names on me. I'm not saying the lights is out, but I'm not gonna let you ride The light's.


Not on y'all playing games. I know it's, look, I see a smirk on your face, son. No, I see as it goes dark all the time. I don't know why it's doing that. I see. I know you sometimes type of, they're trying to cover it up. I know it's penis, but Don't try to hide it. Don't try to hide It. Why would you think it's penises? Because that's what y'all live for, son. That's what y'all live for. I have pitch meetings and creative meetings to ask how can we incorporate a penis into a conversation? Why would we ever do that? Bring that back. And you bring it back viral before TikTok get banned. You doing your last penis stand. You know, you know how to win. And then envy, the last time I was here, you and him, you tried to embarrass me with a photo that you thought it was gonna exploit me.


Did I embrace it? Talk about black. Everywhere you go, you get out about that folder. I Now we friends You about it on club And I ain't even see the interview yet. And I know they asked about it. They asked me about it And I said, wait, you know y'all is here. How did you explain being in his No, no, no, no, no, no. I explained, I already explained being between his legs. Okay. Whose legs? I already explained being in the vicinity of his knees. Who These? There was an artist that was on See Tree. There was an artist that was on a yacht that happened to have his knees close to where my shoulder blade was when it was Russell Simmons, French Montana. And I go down, I'm telling everybody who was on the boat, Russell Simmons, French Montana, and Russell Simmons was sitting India style, praying yoga. It was a whole bunch of people.


So if I go down, y'all all come, everybody go down. Cory Smith, you was there too. You was there. Charlemagne wanted to be there. So I ain't never wanted to be So Next league he was there. And but more importantly, more importantly, DJ Envy. It was something that I brought to everybody's attention. And you kind of like mums the word. Hmm. Right. You, you went on a different direction. And the point of what I'm making is, can you explain to the people what happened with specific details When you got flew out by r Kelly, what happened when you got Through Serious The envy in his flight Miles? Nothing. Nothing happened. I guess I, I guess I wasn't this type. Was there any music left? No. Was there any music in the background?


They left me no hotel. He didn't have a subtle like candle burnings playing my mind's telling me no, it wasn't nothing. Did you take pictures with him? Not him. But you know how the flu pictures be. I've never met him. You never met him. He stood you up. He did. That's your finance pictures be, you know how flu pictures be. It'd be like a shit having dinner. I don no, I don't get flu. I won't be, it'd be this, the flu pictures. Okay. Let know she like this. Oh, I'm in Illa. I'm having my living my best life. You never see the man. It's always butt shots. You always see the picture of the dinner. They, they, they got, there's always two plates. You never see the dude hand. And that is getting what fluid is about. Also. Unless he, unless he planned to like exploit envy. It's not sex trafficking. You can fly somebody out if you're not going to exploit them.


Oh, the intention? Yes, The intention. Okay. Lemme explain You something. He said that, Oh, the detention. No, he said have you been flute out? Is sex trafficking? Okay, you say it says, let's go to the definition. It says to cross state Lines. I have it here. I like to List stuff up with the intention. And I, I'll tell you personally, I've never, For the purpose of sexual exploitation, I've Transported someone with the intentions on having sex with him. But I will create the environment for you to have the intentions to have sexual intercourse with me. Who, since We here, how do you feel about Diddy's team came out and said they saw nine tapes and the tapes were consensual. They Said you were on one though. That I was on. I tried to get on one, but they wouldn't let me go ahead. I was what you tried.


They said that. You said that there's Gonna be, I don't have no endorsements. Son. You might have a lawsuit. There is nobody that can I, I'm a maybe one person. No, there's nobody. But it don't have to be real. No. It could be three guys that come out today and say, man, I got, you would choose three guys outta all the things you would choose. It would be three guys. And I bet that your number's in their phone book. No. What character would you be though? If, if that was the case? If you was there, if you attended. What if they say, I'm not gonna ask question. What if they say, ashy Larry, I played the fifth. What if they say I plead the fifth? What do people ask? I really wanna know. Do people ask you to get into character? Like when, when you I say people 'cause I don't know, you know which way. No, I won't.


They haven't done that. But I remember years and years ago, and this was at the height of the Chappelle show. I had relations with this woman with an accent. Right. Irish accent. She asked you do Ahi Larry. No. No. This was so funny. After it was over, after I hit the glow. Right. She said, I can't believe I just ahi Larry, Come on. What year do y'all grow up man? It's 2025, man. What year do y'all stop with the games? What is on my head? Is it the penis on my head right now? Is that what you want? I Knew, I knew that.


Is that what you Y'all Y'all do this by Y'all self Netflix To chill and look at On the walls and shit. It's not, ain't nothing on you. I don't know what it is. But if I had to take a wild guess, I'm pretty sure it's a penis in these things. Stop playing with me man. Stop playing the lights. The lights are on. What was the question you asked me? Oh, I was just asking. They think, do you wanna go back there? Go back Where the consensual videos? No Man, please get down there long. I don't wanna You brought it back up. I, I was, This is what's gonna happen discriminated this time. I discriminate Myself. I know something else. You Know what, this is what people, this and this whole thing. What people don't wanna deal with is the reality of what they think happened or what could happen.


So I understand what you're saying but me, I'm not concerned about it. I've never done anything illegal. But if it's that fine line of what somebody back in the day thought was we gonna have a good time. I know there's people in the industry that have been like just, yo, what are y'all? You can say whatever you want. No, It's I don News. What are you doing? Trying to get ahead of nothing. I'm saying first off, with all of this stuff, You was in the military, right? I was Don't get pulled over. Shut the Yes I the record. Have the pressure that you have. Envy. I don't have trigger words that's gonna make you upset. I don't talking trigger words. They called you in. I want everybody to know watching this, Lauren tried to move away from this, but the generalists said move on. And you wanted to go back Real estate.


Get him Real estate. I could say some other ones, but I respect his family too much. I ain't gonna do that. Real estate is a trigger word. Oh, let me guess another one. Son, don't do that. Make sure you, you ain't even staying where Andy favorite salad is. Son Tossed. No. Darnell, we appreciate you for joining us. I Don't appreciate being here. Goodbye. Darnell. Peace's. The Breakfast Club. Good morning. The Breakfast Club R filling. Filling in for just this morning. And it's time for Pastor Ox.


Dj come spin. What's up? What's Up guys? Big Nyla. Hey. Happy Friday. Young nineties. Cute. Okay, thank you guys. Why you laugh? Why you do the evil laugh? Nah, I say young nineties. Oh, okay. That be your vibe. Your energy is always young nineties. You know what, Emini here. Thank you. I love that. That's a compliment. All right, so I'm gonna start with this new Mac Miller project. The Mac Miller estate not only put out a new album called Balloons, but they also dropped a short film. But the record that I'm highlighting is called $5 Pony Rides. That sounds very fresh. I guess I, I usually don't like post what they call 'em posthumous albums, but for whatever reason I guess since they took a lot of time before he, since he passed, it sounds fresh.


It does sound good. Yeah. Even on that, this is a throwback that Abso project, remember he gave it to you early? Yeah. Yeah. And then he let me listen to it. But there was a record on there with Mac Miller too. That was amazing. Max is a Abso that I hope comes out at some point. What was the, Do you know like did they just decide to do this 'cause they had a lot of unreleased music or like is it, I don't know. I didn't really, I didn't watch the short film yet. I'm gonna watch it this or something. But I don't know Luther Max, I think they just wanna protect his legacy, which is understood. Yep. Rest, Peace. Mac, that's our guy man. Mac used to I, it's weird. Mac used to be up here early and then you know we started, we all started at MTV two together 'cause he had his reality show and we was doing all the guy called Girl Code stuff. So we would always be in the same spaces all the time.


So flew to my guy Mac. Flew to Mac Miller. Yes. But speaking of young nineties vibe, I'm gonna get into, I would say my favorite group that's on the RB side called they, they're dropping a project called Love Jones on Valentine's Day. But they've been releasing some singles and my favorite one so far is called Straight Up. You Know what that remind me of? She see money. Y'all love crew. Yeah, it reminds Me of that. I look like I'm a man. It's smooth. It's Smooth. What is they going do after Trump gets inaugurated because you know he said that under the Trump administration there will be the official policy of the United States government that there are only two genders, male and female. They gonna straighten up. What? What they, that name of the single right Straight up.


Trump ain't going for, he ain't going for no pronouns. So What's up man? Leave them alone. What's up Dave? What y'all gonna do? They old you. So Dave, what y'all gonna do? Alright, y'all are distracting the name for the, for the music. That was great. Great song. Great song. I'm just concerned about their future. All right. All right. They gonna be fine. I'm really looking forward to their album. If you guys wanna send it to me earlier, I would love that too. Y'all know I'm a stand. Okay, so last week ESTG dropped this project and my favorite record on there so far is the Joint with VS. And Ri Low called My Love. Okay, tough tune. E-S-T-G-E-S-D-G don't disappoint. You don't? Nah. Okay. And this is the last one I'm gonna wrap it up with is Larry June's dropping a new project.


He dropped a single though, leading up to it called January 14th. You know Larry's always smooth. I just wanna hug him. Damn That. But Larry's like super peace, super laid back usually, I don't know, maybe 20, 25 is bringing different energy. But we'll see the tape's coming soon. I've been meaning to go down to Larry June Rabbit Hole Emini here. I listen to his music in in spurts and he's dope. But I've been really meaning to go down a rabbit hole. My my guy really been telling me to, to really tap in with Larry June. Yeah, Get you some weed. Get you a smoothie And Just say we in a Smoothie. A smoothie. What? Nothing that's It's good combination. A good like that. That's very much like a Zen. Very healthy. That's right. That's how we buy. I can't listen.


I can't wait till you play Mikayla's record and pass off One more chance. That'll be dope. One day you Got a new record we already played one more time. You played it like a couple months ago. Yeah. Trying to be shady. You don't even remember. I don't, yes, but Luther Mikayla, she was up here yesterday so I thought About it. This man be attacking me. You'll be good. First of all, I support all my friends. There you go. I support all my friends. All of them don't deserve support though. What They learn what The advice you gimme tell my friends are trash. All your friends don't deserve Damnit. That's not what I, that's not the Advice I gave you Friends You're having Though. Sometimes I told him he's a bad judge of character and he need to run some things. Pass some other people because, Because Your heart is so loving.


You wanna just love everybody. Everybody you gonna, you gonna, you gonna sometimes ain't trying to deal with everybody's energy that you bringing around. That's it. So all NLAs friends that she doesn't support, that's why. Okay, she just told you why. All right now look at tell me they can catch you Nowledge bitch. She follow me on the gram at NLA Simone. If you show love, I show love back. N-Y-L-A-S-Y-M-O-N-E-E-E-E. The certified playlist is updated with all these records plus some other new ones that came out. And we also may or may not have a really big announcement. We're just waiting on Def Jam to get it together so we can start. Well They're in the middle of a big lawsuit so they might not be doing anything for a while. Oh is that what's I don know. I'm just talking. He's just Lying. Are you about to do something with Lean Angela?


I'm doing something. I don't know if lean Angela's gonna be. It's okay. Make sure y'all follow me. There you Go. Yes. Big nla All nla. Now let's get to the People's Choice mix. We throw it back on a Friday. It's The Breakfast Club. Good morning. Morning everybody. It's EJ Envy Jess. Hilarious Charlamagne the guy. We are The Breakfast Club Salute to everybody in Boston. I'm gonna be in Boston over the weekend. They're having a sneaker ball so I will be there. It is going to be at Big Night Live. So salute to embrace Boston. I will see y'all this weekend Combine two of your favorite things because you like feet. That's why you had your feet on OnlyFans back. Are you still got that face? Does NV seven? I don't have a only page. He was Making a lot of money with that feet page. So it combines two of your favorite things Feet and boss. So you can have a great time this weekend, aren't you?


Whoa, You coming? Nah, I'm gonna be at home. You know I'll be on the couch. Lauren, where you at? I'm gonna hang with my friends this weekend. And that was so mean. But you got the thing. You gotta Gotta ignore him. You gotta ignore him. I just feel So bad for you. Sometimes He's coming with me But mm never. You know better. Yes, But I'll be in Dr. I'll be in the the Dominican Republic major. The surgery? No, You can say we go this week. You said Dr. I Don You on on plane backwards like And I just in here up for You. Sorry. No shame to the surgery girls, but no, we good over here. Okay. Alright. May 22nd through the 27th I will be in Dr. I'm hosting the HBCU Black alumni weekend there.


It's through Memorial Day getaway. So it's Memorial Day getaway.com. Tell 'em Lauren la sent you at checkout. Six days, five nights I be hosting parties and different events and we will have a good old time. Y'all. I don't know nothing about no surgery, so don't come there. Ask me. Hey. Alright. When we come back, we got the positive notice, The Breakfast Club. Good morning. Morning everybody. It's DJ Envy, Jess, hilarious. Charlamagne the guy. We are The Breakfast Club salute to Darnell Rollins for joining us this morning. Man. Salute to Don Rollins. And I want y'all to know when y'all go to YouTube and y'all watch the video and y'all see how I like to terrorize Darnell Rollins understand he deserves it. 'cause see what y'all don't see is the stuff that Donelle does on social media. Y'all don't see the stuff that Darnell does on my phone. Y'all don't see the stuff Darnell does on stage at Radio City Music Hall.


Okay? So trust me, it is always gonna be revenge. He's always trying to get revenge on me. I'm always trying to get revenge on him. Okay, so now the ball is in his court And you like ball literally. All right? And also shout to the cast of Harlem for stopping through. Yes, Megan Good. Tyler Lepley, grace Byer. Sha Wase. Shanik Wase. Jerry Johnson. Jerry Johnson. Yes, absolutely. It's the last season of Harlem, right? That's right, Yes. I'm so sad about that. Like I kept asking them why did they do that? Makes no sense. You do a lot of black shows like that. Oh my God, the show is so good. Like, ugh. Well leave us on a positive note. The positive note is simply this. I referenced one of my favorite books earlier, the Four Agreements and I, I referenced the second agreement, which is don't take things personally.


And I just want to expound on that. Whatever happens around you, don't take it personally. Nothing other people do is because of you. It is because of themselves. All people live in their own dream and their own mind. They are in a completely different world from the one we live in. When we take something personally, we make the assumption that they know what is in our world and we try to impose our world on their world. So don't take things personally. All right, have a blessed Day. Breakfast Club. Bitches. We Y'all Finish or y'all done?


Hi, I am Ken Mes, founder of Great HealthWorks, the makers of Omega xl. Are you suffering from daily aches, pains in your joints? The Try Omega xl, it's a natural drug-free supplement and is 16 times more potent than standard fish oil and it's easy to swallow with no fishy aftertaste Omega XL works. Visit omega xl.com/get more now for Omega XL BOGO special. That's less than $20 a bottle. Remember, there's a 60 day money back guarantee terms apply. Visit omega xl.com/get more


Catch. John Stewart back in action on the Daily Show and in your ears with the Daily Show. Ears Edition podcast from his hilarious satirical takes on today's politics and entertainment to the unique voices of correspondence and contributors, it's your perfect companion to stay on top of what's happening now. Plus you'll get special content just for podcast listeners, like in-depth interviews and a roundup of the week's Top headlines, listen on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts.


You Should probably keep your lights on for no Tales from the shadow. Join me Danny Trails and step into the flames of Wright, an anthology podcast of modern day horror stories inspired by the most terrifying legends and Lord of Latin America. Listen to no on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcast, or wherever you get your podcasts.


We want to speak out and we want this to stop. Wow, Very powerful. I'm Ellie Flynn, an investigative journalist and this is my journey deep into the adult entertainment industry. I really wanted to be a playboy. He was like, I'll take you to the top. I'll make you a Star. To expose an alleged predator and the rotten industry he works in. It's Honestly so much worse than I had anticipated. We are an army in comparison to him From novel. Listen to the Bunny Trap on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts.