
Meetings, deadlines, emails, millions of notifications. Don't you wish you could escape the chaos? Fortunately, that's where the all new Nissan Murano comes in. And with available features like the relaxing, massaging seats, and the beautiful skyline views that bring in natural light, it's like cruising in your own personal oasis. And if you need to set a vibe, 64 colors of personalized lighting and a Bose premium sound system, have you covered? Hands down. The all new Nissan Murano is your stress-free getaway, because sometimes the greatest rush isn't rushing at all. Drive the all new Nissan Murano today. Panoramic Moon roof, ambient lighting, Bose and massaging. Leather pointed seats are optional features.


Taking Control of your career is empowering. Just don't tell my boss I said that. Just kidding. I am the boss. This is Carlos Miller from the 85 South Show. And building a career isn't just about a job. It's about creating a path that impacts our community and future generations. Whether you're starting out or even making big moves, State Farm is here to support you with resources to help protect what you're working hard to achieve. They've got your back every step of the way because like a good neighbor State Farm is there. Find out more at State Farm dot com.


Toyota is the best resale value brand for 2025, according to Kelley Blue Book's kbb.com. And with a wide range of dependable vehicles for any lifestyle, you can get everything you need in a vehicle today while investing in tomorrow. So choose Toyota and choose value shop. buy@toyota.com for great deals and more vehicles. Projected resale value is specific to the 2025 model year. For more information, visit Kelley Blue Book's kbb.com. Kelley Blue Book is a registered trademark of Kelley Blue Book Co, Inc. Toyota. Let's go places.


Ugh. Spam calls Sound familiar. Introducing line two. Get a second phone number right on your existing phone. Imagine discounts appointments, online forms. Handle it all without giving out your personal number. It's like having a secret weapon against spam. And when those unwanted calls sneak through, boom. Blocked. No more interruptions. No more stress. Stay connected. Stay protected. Keep your main number safe and out of harm's way. Ready to take back your phone. Visit line two.com/audio or download line two in the app store today.


Good morning. USA Yo. Yo. Yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo, yo yo, yo yo, yo yo, yo Yo. Just hilarious. Good morning. Charlamagne to God. Peace to the planet. Guess what day it is? Guess what day it is? Hump Day. That means Charlemagne is running a little late. What up, Jess? What's up? How you doing envy? Good, good, good. Missed you yesterday. Yo, I missed y'all too. Yo. I was, I was golfing BS golf tournament yesterday. What Is the what? Have you ever golfed? Never. Yo, but listen, yo, my husband be golfing. So we was golfing And I, we Ray Rice and his wife, they have a foundation, it's called Prosperity, A Pipeline of Prosperity.


And they had a golfing tournament yesterday. Man, we met a lot of dope people, a lot of former Raven Ravens players, a lot of Ravens players. We had Zay Flowers out there, man. So it was, it was a really dope event. And it was to raise money. You know what? Emini here to go to underserved families. And so, yeah. Gotcha. Shout out to Ray Rice and his wife and my foundation that I have. Chris And I, we started a foundation. It's called The More Love Foundation. We do the same thing. So we teamed up. A lot of investors came out, man, them white people played golf early, early. I was like, yo. Absolutely. Well, you know the funny thing, salute to Ray Rice, he's invited me to every Baltimore Ravens game. Yes. But I'm not a Ravens fan, so I feel like it'd be kind of odd. So I've been waiting for the Ravens to play the Giants so I can go but salute to Ray Rice every time.


He, he always invites me to the game, Man. He dope. And he from New York too, so that's probably why he always extends that invite to, 'cause he, he from New York. I thought he from Baltimore the whole time, but now he from New York. Yeah, he from New York. So I told him next. Did Chris play next year? Absolutely. He played and he looked real good. And listen, lemme tell y'all. Right. So look, because he was so sexy playing on the, on the course, right when I got home, I tried to do a little sexy little strip tease for him. Right. Yo toe gave out. What you mean toe gave your toe Gave My Toe gave Out. Oh, you fell on him. I fell toe gave out on the floor. Oh, damn. It's my big toe because I'm doing all that, walking all day on the course. And I guess I ain't stretch, you know what I'm saying? You Didn't stretch. It was A lot, yo. And I was stripping or whatever, And I walked up to him, you know what I'm saying? And then the toe gave out.


Hit the damn floor. Did you wash? Did I wash what Yourself after the Yes. I'm sure she did. Yeah. We not going straight from the courts to the bed. Like I'm Just making Sure you didn't mind your business because No, You told us. I making sure. No, but you have to know that I washed, like, come on now. I'm just making Sure. I didn't know if you just came in sexy. You had the little golf mini skirt On. No, I did. Don't like that. But no, we had to take a shower. We was out there with all that piling. I did not know Marilyn was number one for piling. I was, I Was. Well, this is d struggling Yesterday. This different, Hey, this polling is different. This polling beyond people. Yeah. You know, for real man. Like y'all, I saw, I saw Elvis Duran yesterday And I gave him a pound and hugged him. And I'm just like, yo, what is that? He was, he, he was like, I can sniff this off my shirt. What? And then, you know, the kids at school, like when they come in from recess, they gotta wash off.


Like they gotta wash their like faces and stuff. Damn. The polling is so heavy. Absolutely. And I'm, And I'm smelling more people smell like outside now. I don't know if you, if it's just the straw is, the smell is stronger now. My God. I'm Oh my God, you been outside all day. You could smell that so strong. Absolutely. Hey, what happened to your other nine toes though? What? Like, why couldn't you just stand on other nine? They was staying it strong. No, the big toe. The big toe controls all the other to, so listen, when the big one gave out on the right foot, I was like, ah, that's it. I ain't, that's it. I, I wasn't even feeling normal. I was like, I'm sorry baby. We gonna try again tomorrow. 'cause walking all day. Oh wow. That makes sense. And salute to everybody in Atlanta. I'm, I'm in Atlanta yesterday and today of course we did nothing but the book tour schedule. So we did interviews and radio And I just wanna say thank you everybody for all the love.


I was supposed to go to Kendrick show last night, but I was tired after everything. Me and my wife looked at each other and was like, nah, let's, Yeah. Big Toes Gave out. Yeah. Big Toes gave out. So we said f that, but All right, let's get the show cracking. Bill Bellamy will be joining us this morning. Yes. Bill Bellamy is on his top billing comedy tour. So he'll be here to talk, talk about that this morning. And Dr. Lakeisha And everything else that's going on in pop culture. And Bill Bellamy will be talking about, did he ask about me? Yes, he did. When you Yes he did when you walked in. Absolutely loved Bill Bellamy. Yeah, Bill Bella's, he's the homie. And also Dr. Lakeisha Hammond Homie. Yeah. Dr. Lakeisha Halman. She has Aman new book out called No One Itself, made a motivational self-help guide with a community oriented approach.


So we'll be talking to her and she's on the state of the People tour. My good sister Angela Rye. So they got a lot going on. We'll discuss. Alright now when we come back, we got some front page news. Morgan will be joining us. And don't go anywhere. It's The Breakfast Club. Good morning. Morning everybody. It's DEJ Envy. Jess. Hilarious. Charlamagne the guy. We are The Breakfast Club. Let's get in some front page news. All right, now some quick sports. Last night the Knicks lost to the Pistons 1 0 3 to 1 0 6. The Knicks still lead the series. Three. Two. The Nuggets beat the Clippers. 1 31, 1 15 Denver leads that series. Three, two. The magic up outta here. Solis beat him 1 20 89. And the bucks up outta here. Pacers beat him. 1 19, 1 18.


All what up Morgan, you Shout out to Pistons? I didn't, I my Did you catch, did you shout the Pistons out? We beating the Knicks. I Did say Detroit Beats. Oh, just making sure I heard, you heard me say it too. You Kind of spent by that one. You heard me say it too, fans Real quick. Yeah. You kind of spent by that one. SLU Detroit. You know what, Emini here. What up though? Now you Tre Fan. What up Dad? I'm just giving, I'm I'm just giving them respect. Y'all can still win the series. I Shouted them out already. Good morning. Morgan. Morgan. Yes. Somebody gotta do it. Front page news. Let's get into it. Okay, so President Trump marked his first 100 days in office yesterday with a rally at Macomb Community College in Warren, Michigan, which is just north of Detroit. What up though? The president claimed his first 100 days are the most successful among any administration ever adding that.


He's just getting started. Let's take a listen. This is the best. They say a hundred day start of any president in history and everyone is saying it. We just, we've just gotten started. You haven't even seen anything yet. It's all just kicking in in 100 days. We have delivered the most profound change in Washington in nearly 100 years. I read a editorial today that this is the most consequential presidency in history. How about that? I don't know who today is, like who's today that's saying that. 'cause there's conservatives that aren't saying that. There's economists that aren't saying that. There's a lot of people that are saying that. The polls are not saying that. The polls aren't saying that. Like who? Who's they?


It's giving who said That? People pockets ain't saying that. Prices. The grocery stores ain't saying that. Speaking of which, he also spoke about lowering of inflation and ending what he called transgender insanity. Trump criticized new efforts by some Democrats to impeach him saying judges ruling against his administration are obstructing the enforcement of US law. Now Trump went on to say that the Democratic party has gone totally crazy and have lost their confidence while drawing chance from the Michigan crowd supporting a third term. Now Senate minority leader Chuck Schumer, he had a different take on Trump's one first 100 days saying that it's been a hundred days of hell. In fact, meanwhile switching gears, former First Lady, Michelle Obama says fears for immigrants under Trump's administration keeps her up at night.


She made the comments on the on purpose podcast with Jay Shetty where she said his foreign policies frighten her. She worries for the people of color all over this country. Let's hear more from Michelle Obama. And now that we have leadership that is sort of indiscriminately determining who belongs and who doesn't, and we know that those decisions aren't being made with courts and with due process. And I don't know that we will have the advocates to protect everybody. And that makes me, that frightens me. It, it keeps me up at night. Hmm. Sure. Tank. She says she drives around LA looking at the faces of folks who could be a victim and wonders how they feel.


First 100 days. Which off how y'all feel. Oh, well first of all, Michelle ain't driving nowhere. She needs to stop that. Okay. I don. She meant getting driven. That's what she meant. Getting Driven. Right. You're not driving around nowhere. But I will say this, it's funny that he's still leaning on the trans thing 'cause the trans thing don't matter no more. That won you the election. But now you have to govern and you have to keep promises. And you know what people really don't like identifying as broke. Folks need that paper. You told 'em that you was gonna make the economy better and you have done the exact opposite in, in a hundred days. Yeah. Well we'll get into that more at 7:00 AM as house republicans are working on his quote. Big beautiful bill. So keep ya to grab front page news. All right, we'll see you next hour.


Everybody else get it off your chest. 805 8 5 1 0 5 1. If you need to vent phone lines or wide open something going on in your life, you just need to send, spend some sense, some positivity, whatever it may be. (800) 585-1051. Call us up right now. It's The Breakfast Club. Good morning. The Breakfast Club. Ray, Ray. Ray. Yo, char Man. Envy. What up are we lying? This is your time to get it off your chest. I Got an indoor pool, a outdoor Pool. We want to hear from you on The Breakfast Club. We Can get on the phone right now Here. Tell you what, it's we live. Hello? Who's this? Yo, this is Chemo Ke. What up? Get it off your chest brother. Hey, what's up y'all?


What's up breakfast? Look, I gonna tell y'all every morning right at anytime Charlamagne guy show up late. You be doing this crazy impression him. Man, I need guy to be there early because I'm tired of you getting the impression on wrong man. What'd he be doing man? He, He be like, oh, like the laugh be all kinds of crazy man. Because I know. Guess what day then Guess Hump. I don't do his laugh. You know Charlamagne, you need to be there on time man, because that's what start my morning off right man. When you be doing all things morning. I was actually, I was here. I just didn't, I wasn't in the studio yet. That's a big shut up. I need you to be in the studio and that. And then when you show up in the studio, the first thing to do is jump on Jess.


Man, you ain't leave Jess alone. Yeah, I heard her talking. Thank you. And she was talking about golfing and That's why I went live that time because it is Just so much my Thing. You act like never seen a black golfer before. Man. We got what C? We got Tiger Woods. We got, we out there man. First Of all, first of all, tiger Woods don't even claim us. So what you claiming them for? Okay. And second, you talking about professionals, You, you late man, you gotta be on work on time man, get my thing started. Right? Okay. Period. Right. What you mean period. You get It? I'm just saying Come to work on Up here. You were golfing yesterday. Okay. Hello? Who's this? Yo, this tj.


What's up man? I just want get this off my chest real quick. What's up DJ Envy. Good morning, peace Harlem man. Good morning Jess. Peace Tj. Good, Good morning. Good morning. Just wanted to say this real quick. So, so Jess, you went to this golf tournament with for Ray, right? Yes. Alright, so real quick. Ray Rice is from New York but you gotta put some respect on New Rochelle, New York. We are from, he's from New Rochelle, New York. 1 0 8 0 1. Yes sir. Marcus Banks from there, Uber from there. You ain't really gotta do Much. She said New York man. New Rochelle's in New York, man. He's in from New York. My, My bad. And Marcus, Marcus Banks my man too. So you Gotta put Some respect on new role man. You gotta put some Ute to New Rochelle.


All. I'm New Rochelle, New York. I'm Sorry y'all don't even put respect on new We do. I Never, I don't never hit New Rochelle. Nah, new Rochelle up there like the new Westchester area up there. It's this little, little cover north. I Ain. Never heard y'all shout out. Nothing up there but Yonkers. Yeah, you right. You know what, Emini here. Yeah you right. But I but I'm Sorry about that sir. You right. Hello. Who's this? What Up though? This Ray from Detroit. What's up Ray? What Luther, Detroit. Everybody who listens to us on WJLB in Detroit. Go ahead Ray. Hit me with the go ahead. Detroit Pistons. Go ahead. That's what I know you calling for. Yeah. Come on now. DJ Envy. It sound like you got some hate, some animosity up in you this morning, dog. Nah, we we three, two, we still good. We see y'all In Detroit. Detroit Pistons so fast.


You shouting outs and all of that. Shout out Detroit. I didn't shout out Detroit. I said what up. Dope. Shout out either. I'm gonna be honest with you. No, you hating dog. Hey look, PI a seven dog. Pi a seven. Hey and then look, I need to say this one real quick. Happy anniversary to my girl man. Man, six years she been holding it down so happy. Everybody In Detroit. What up? Right Out. Congratulations king. Salute to the truth. Y'all have a good morning Man. You too. Get it off your chest. 805 8 5 1 0 5 1. If you need to vent, hit us up now. It's The Breakfast Club. Good morning. The Breakfast Club. This is your time to get it off your chest. Whether you're mad or blessed, I hate the way that you walk, the way that you talk.


I hate the way you dress. Everything with near is best. Call up next (800) 585-1051. Not just me, I'm with the coach of Phil. Hello. Who's this? This Fred from Orlando. Fred from Orlando. I was in Orlando all weekend. What's happening man? Man, look man, I gotta say something. I just gotta get it off my chest man. It Trump administration is, it is really horrendous man. They don't get, they don't get get get a hold on this thing man. He gonna drive this whole country into The World War iii and it's, it's self evident. It's just, you know, we gotta grab our higher power and we gotta, we gotta put our heads together and remove this guy. That's all to it. Yeah. I don know about World War iii, but I do know that we all headed to a recession this summer.


That's a fact. Because of the tariffs. You know they, there's, they got this whole tariff, the recession timeline I was reading about yesterday and they were talking about how the container ship departures from China started slowing after the tariffs were announced by early to mid-May. The container ships, the US port gonna come to a stop completely by mid to late May. The trucking demand comes to a halt. So Chris will be home with just all the time. And then that's going to lead to empty shelves and lower sales for companies. Then they gonna have layoffs in the trucking and retail industries. And by summer it's gonna be a recession. Yeah, it's gonna be a it's gonna be crazy man. It's gonna be crazy. It's gonna be real crazy. And I'm gonna tell you something, we got, God bless the soul. We, we got a new pole coming in in soon.


I had a song, I had a vision long ago that the last Pope's name gonna be Peter. So be careful. This guy's name Peter, the next Pope coming in, they're gonna vote for in the upcoming week. I'm be honest with you, I don't know what that means. Me neither. I don't know anything about the Pope. You know, God bless everybody out there who supports the Pope. Yeah, I went to Catholic school but I really don't know much about the Pope. My mama Baptist. All right. Hello. Who's this? This is Monique. How are you? Good Monique Mama. Get it off your chest. I shoulda have said anonymous but it's too late now. Definitely too Late. What's Up? You notice the radio? Can't nobody see you can call me and be like, my name's Sally. I get it. But what I'm about to say, everybody gonna know.


Okay, Go with is to do go with I get Here. What saying? Just say it. Go for it. I do it all the time. Envy and Charlamagne. I know you probably don't remember but about a year ago I got through on the radio And I was fusing on the phone with my, with my booth. And y'all was like, put him on the phone And I was like, nah, he, he on the other phone. So I couldn't do it. But I need him to leave me alone now. Damn. Damn. Before you wanted him now it's over. It's a wrap. You say What? I said before you wanted him. Now it's a wrap. It's a wrap. Like leave it alone. Baltimore dude are trash. You said Baltimore dudes. She sure did. Dash She did. And for real? Yeah, for real, for real.


You don't agree with her? Yeah, I agree with her. Damn. So I need Joseph to leave me alone phone. Don't call, don't stop me on social media. Don't leave me alone. Let it go. It's over. I would hope that y'all had this conversation before you called the radio. Right? Damn. Say again? I said I would hope that y'all would have this conversation before he called the radio. Oh Well I told him I had to tell him yesterday. I was like, leave me alone dude. You what happened? Got so many women. Oh he was cheating. He just not. Yeah, he, he. Well listen, you can't be having unprotected sex with a person and you know.


Yeah, Thank you. That's what I tried to tell him. He don't get it About you. About you. It takes two to do that man. No. No, he's no, he's the one that's having multiple. Oh, got you. So he gave you, he gave you a yeast infection or something. Oh well we don't wanna go there but Damn, I get it. All right. You know what I'm saying? Like yeah, like And I live in another state. Mm. Like if you wanna go out and smash, he could smash somebody with a condom. That's cool because I'll never know. So we caught you just passing through. That's how he got you. Damn. What you get Fest something. What did you wind up getting?


I'm sorry, you ain't gonna Go there. Little chlamydia. Hey Law Little Rat. That ain't funny. I'm sorry mama. I'm so sorry For you much. I gotta laugh about it so I won't cry about it. I, that little, little common case of chlamydia. I get it. Is it curable? Of course. Chlamydia curable now I'm not talking about chlamydia. I'm talking about what she got. Is It curable? She got chlamydia. She just told you Said the razzle. Oh I don't know what the razzle die. I don know this slang. I don know what azz dazzle means. It's def it's, It's definitely curable, you know, but just throw, throwing your stuff off. That's, that's normally what it is. Just throwing off this cake. I get it, I get it. He messing with some dirty girls. Yeah.


Yeah. Well I'm sorry mama. Well We wish you the best And I hope that he does leave you alone. I hope he falls all the way back. You just put him on blast. You put his whole name out there. Hopefully he leaves you alone. And hopefully The girls that he listen that, that's listening, he leave them alone too. 'cause they got the razzle-dazzle too then. Damn Jesus. Alright, get it off your chest. 805 8 5 1 0 5 1. If you need to vent you can hit us up. Now we got the latest one, Lauren, coming up. Yeah, we do. So I reached out to Misa Hilton's attorney 'cause I wanted to know what is going on with Misa Mary j Blige. And we have an exclusive interview. We gonna get into it. Alright, We'll get to that next. It's The Breakfast Club. Good morning. The Breakfast Club Morning everybody. It's DJ Envy. Jess. Hilarious.


Charlemagne the guy. We are The Breakfast Club. Let's get to the latest with Lauren. Lauren Becoming a straight fast. She gets them from somebody that Knows somebody. She gets the details. I'm the home girl that knows a little bit about everything And she be having the latest on. Good Lord The latest with Lauren la Sometimes she have facts, sometimes you have details. Sometimes she have a little bit of everything. Well, It's the latest On The Breakfast Club. Talk, talk to me. Alrighty y'all. So yesterday in here we talked about the fact that stylist and mother of Diddy's son, Justin Combs, Misa Hylton sued, is suing Mary j Blige for $5 million over horrible over rapper. Which is insane because as a lot of us know, and for those who don't, they've been friends for decades.


Yeah. So this this called Best Friends. It's called Everybody by Surprise. So I reached out on all sides And I got a call back from Misa Hilton's attorney yesterday when we were recording the podcast. And he agreed to do a live conversation for the podcast or recorded interview actually. And I wanna, I know Mary told you leave her the hell alone. I didn't reach out to her directly. I reached out to her team and surprisingly the person I talked to hadn't even, like, they had been in the shuffle things, didn't even know what was happening. So I just sent them some information. I I haven't heard back from them. Pardon? Mary Seemed, didn't know what was going on. The person I spoke to didn't know at all. I actually sent over, you know, some background information, some articles for them so that if they wanted to, they could make a statement. That's Crazy. Oh, they was just together at the heart of a woman's summit I hosted just last year, like months ago.


So Misa Hilton's attorney, we get into that. I'm we going, we going we get into that. Okay, so let's talk about, first he spoke to me on the relationship and why all of this is happening. Misa Hylton and Mary j Blige, they're not just friends, they're non-biological family, probably closer than blood family and is very unfortunate that this had to go down like this because Misa tried every possible avenue in terms of trying to amicably resolve this with Mary directly with Mary's camp. But unfortunately, and it's unbeknownst to us why Mary j Blige and why her camp completely cut off, you know, Misa Hylton And I can tell you this Vato lawsuit isn't why their friendship died.


Lisa's confused and, and we've tried, nieces tried to reach out to Mary. We did not want this in the media. Misa just thought that Mary May have been busy or when Misa stopped getting phone calls and text messages and not being included on the normal things that they do on a daily, weekly, monthly basis. Her antennas went up and we tried to figure out, well, what's going on here? And that's really when we started to figure out that the real, the relationship wasn't the same. Yeah. So from what he is explained to us, Misa Hylton was allegedly like blindsided by the fall off of the relationship, which is also very odd because they've been friends for decades. You Said she so Misa was blindsided. She, yeah. So by what? By the, the, the way that the friendship fell off.


Like according to Mica's attorney, she's alleging that at some point her and Mary just like stopped speaking. Like she was reaching out. Mary wasn't responding to phone calls, wasn't inviting on certain things. Well we gotta get your attention somehow. Okay. I told you to call me back. So in the midst of that, what actually started happening was, is small things with Vato. So he was being invited to, you know, like little private gatherings that were conversations that were being had with him about like, yo, you, if you leave her as management, allegedly, if you leave her as management and come over here, we can get you more money. But until you do that, we're not gonna do certain things for you allegedly. And also he has this new album out or this new album he's trying to release that they're alleging Mary will not let release because he won't leave Misa as management Question.


When Misa is suing Mary for this money, is she suing for what she thought the Vato album would make or that what they spent on the project, the $5 million, It's accumulation of things. So it's what he would've made from appearances being 'cause he actually like does shows and stuff and opens up, I'm assuming for Mary, according to this attorney, what the music would've made, just anything bookings, all of that. She also alleges in this lawsuit that there are certain bookings and things that he gets because he's Mary JB Blind's artist that I had no idea he was Mary j Blige artist. Well, I had no idea. Did anybody now even when You Yeah, when I heard the music, I, I, I assumed because you started hearing Vado and a bunch of Mary joins and marrying a bunch of Vado joints. So I assumed they were working closely somehow, some way.


Well, I didn't know that. Let's take a listen to more information on her trying to reach out before and the fact that he was signed to Mary before it got to this point where you're saying that this is happening, how much correspondence and what, what did you guys want out of that correspondence? The First thing that we always do in situations like this is we'll send over a letter, what we call an LOIA letter of intent. Before we did that though, what we did was we reached out personally, I reached out to her legal team, we know who they are and we tried via email, via text message, whatever phone numbers we can get from other people in our orbit in the industry. And we got absolutely zero response. And the way that we wanted to do this was yes, in terms of a settlement Emini here, let's be honest here, Vado, I understand that maybe in 2025 and on whatever date today is April 29th, 2025, that maybe he's not as relevant as he was prior.


But oh God, somebody telling the truth, he's not signed With an independent, independent label. He signed some Mary j blush. See, And I, I'm glad the lawyers say that 'cause I'm just asking questions strictly from a business perspective, right? Did Vato ever make Cam $5 million? I don't know. Did Vato ever make Khaled $5 million? I don't know. So I'm just like, where did they get this 5 million? Well, you Know, sometimes when they ask What would me send Mary? Why would me send Mary think that a Vato album would make them $5 million? I'm just asking respectfully from a business Perspective. Well, you know, sometimes when they ask, they over ask because usually it it's a negotiation. Mm. So maybe that's the, that's what the over ask is, but for somebody over Cool. And they also include attorney fees and like all the fees of like just having to bring this suit and like all of that. But also too, remember I told you yesterday, they were talking now in the lawsuit mes also talking about the emotional distress and just different things that she's had to endure.


And I, I'm assuming, you know, as a business person, she's taking a hit. 'cause you promising this artist to be there and do certain things. So she's anticipating numbers. This is this I this is silly Emini here for, for them to be so such close friends. Like it should never have gotten to this point. Yeah. Okay. And I asked, how was Misa doing now because of that, let's take a listen. Emini here, she's upset there. There's a lot going on Emini here. Listen, at the end of the day, you know Sean Combs and what's going on with him. It's unfortunate, but it affects everybody. You know, Misa ISS a wonderful woman. You know, Sean's kids are wonderful, wonderful kids. I, I can't say more about them. They, they really were raised as gentlemen And I deal with them on a, on a consistent basis. But she's upset.


And again, she's more upset of the relationship. It's like, it's like all of a sudden you have a sister that you've been with forever and 40 years later, all of a sudden your sister stopped.


Hey, what up y'all? It's DEJ Envy. The first few months of 2025 have been quite a year. Work deadlines, group chats, you can't escape. And your weird cousins latest overshare. It's a lot. But here's some good news. You don't have to bring that stress into your car. The all new Nissan Murano is your piece on wheels, thanks to its available features. Imagine sliding into the relaxing, massaging seats that feel like they were made to melt your tensions. Take in the skyline views that let sunlight pour in and watches your day brightens. I have a special playlist that always gets me right. And with the Bowles premium sound system, you too can vibe like you're at your own private concert. Plus with your 64 color personalized lighting option, you can set the mood any way you want. Be it romantic chill, or in a straight up do not disturb mode. Let the Nissan Murano be your oasis in a chaotic world because sometimes the greatest rush isn't rushing at all. Drive the all new Nissan Murano today. Panoramic moonroof, ambient lighting bows and massaging. Leather appointed seats are optional features.


Hey fam, if you're like me, you are thinking about how to level up in your career. Maybe you're fresh out of college just starting in your field or even looking to switch things up and find your true calling. Whatever stage you're in, remember that this is your time to grow, to learn, and to build something that lasts. Stay farm understands that early career development is key to long-term success. They've been a steady presence in our communities and they know that having the right support early on can make all the difference. State Farm is there to help you make smart moves and to help you get the coverage you need. We all know that the journey to success is a marathon, not a sprint. It's about staying focused, staying grounded, and making sure you're protected every step of the way. Let's build our careers with confidence knowing that State Farm is there to support us just like they've always been because like a good neighbor is State Farm is there. Find out more at State Farm dot com.


It's true that some things change as we get older, but if you're a woman over 40 and you're dealing with insomnia, brain fog, moodiness and weight gain, you don't have to accept it as just another part of aging. And with MIDI Health, you can get help and stop pushing through it alone. The experts at MIDI understand that all these symptoms can be connected to the hormonal changes that happen around menopause. And MIDI can help you feel more like yourself. Again, many healthcare providers aren't trained to treat or even recognize menopause symptoms. MIDI clinicians are menopause experts. They're dedicated to providing safe, effective FDA approved solutions for dozens of hormonal symptoms. Not just hot flashes. Most importantly, they're covered by insurance. 91% of MIDI patients get relief from symptoms within just two months. You deserve to feel great. Book your virtual visit today@joinmidi.com. That's join mi d i.com.


Hey, my name's Jay Shedi and I'm the host of On Purpose. I just had a great conversation with Michelle Obama To whom much is given, much is expected. The guilt comes from. Am I doing enough me, Michelle Obama to say that to a therapist. So let's unpack that. Former First Lady, Michelle Obama and someone who knows her best. Her big brother Craig will be hosting A podcast called IMO. What have been your personal journeys with therapy? We need to be coached throughout our lives. My mom wanted us to be independent children and she would always tell me, stop worrying about your sister. Having been the first lady of the entire country and representing the country in The World, in The World. I couldn't afford to have that kind of disdain. What would you say has been the most hardest recent test of fear? Listen to on Purpose with Jay Shetty on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts or wherever you get your podcasts Talking to you and you have no reason why.


Yeah, but you don't escalate that with a lawsuit. Yeah, Yeah, yeah. You can't be mad at somebody for not wanting 'em to be your friend. Like you can't sue me for that. But now the business part You can. I was about to say that Should even be a conversation that it says in my point of talking point. So I was gonna ask y'all like when doing business with friends, like a friend like this, if it got to a point where that she's not responding, she's being told, you know, Misa being told, you know the album's not gonna come out. Allegedly she got business lined up for Vado no matter how big or small and it's messing with her business 'cause she has an entertainment company. Do you sue or do you just let it go because that's your friend of 30 plus years. There are no permanent friends or enemies when it comes to business. But Emini here this respectfully, I'm like, we really gonna fall out of a Vado album. Yeah. Wow. Like a Vado Album. Don't know how that album sound though.


I don't but I know that I, I'm just saying I don't think it's gonna make you $5 million. That ain't no reason for y'all to fall out. This is clearly over something else. Vado and all That. Yeah. This is clearly over something else. You said You, you even said like the friend part of it, she stopped talking to her and all that and she and her feeling, she heard her feelings Like because they was just, they did Super Bowl together. You talk about about them being the strength of A woman. Yeah. Supposed to the event they both were there, they were thinking a panel together. They was like together in VIP. You know what I'm saying? There's Definitely more to it. This is clearly over Sun Belt because Bono can rap. Bono's made some, some, some good records. But has he made some money? Have he made a company some money? I don't know. I don't know if he's made camp $5 million. I don't know if he's made Cali $5 million. So I don't know how they get to this $5 million projection. That's all I'm saying.


And not only that, how many units do you have to sell to make 5 million and is exactly Conva as an artist right now who sell those amount of units? I don And that's all All I'm saying. This ain't nothing to be falling out over y'all. I've been friends for 40 plus years but all I do know is if if Charlamagne's not my friend anymore, I'm suing you. Well I can audio. Oh you not my friend. You. Oh Okay. I watch. I Don't even know. First of all y'all been more than Friends Envy. So I'm, I'm sending the L lo. He said the LOI first. I'm gonna send that that first and then I'm gonna sue you. A LOI. That's what he said. He said he said LOI. A Letter of intent of like a letter of what you're trying to do. Letter. A letter of intent for suing. No, like it's kind of like sending like a warning show. I know what an L lo I is but I never heard of an LOI before you sue somebody. That's what he said. He said a letter of intent first and then they never released book The attorney.


That's what the Attorney said. None of my interview. No. 'cause I'm still hung up that they fighting over a bottle album shut. I don shut Up man. Just makes no sense to me. That was the latest with Lauren. Thank you Lauren. And then we broke this down on the podcast. The latest with Lauren, the Rosa everywhere. You listen to your podcast and the full interview is there And I am gonna get to the bottom of this because hopefully this will spark some more conversation of what actually is going down. Yes, get to The bottom of it. Alright Lauren? Yes. Call me. I got some news for you. Thank you. Hopefully it's someone that called that didn't answer. No. Yeah. Okay. Alright, well when we come back we got front page news. So don't go anywhere as The Breakfast Club. Good morning, you Are checking out The Breakfast Club. Morning everybody. It's DJ Envy.


Jess Hilarious. Charlemagne the guy. We are The Breakfast Club. Let's get back in some front page news now. NBA playoffs. Last night Pistons beat the Knicks. 1 0 6. 1 0 3 Knicks lead the series Three, two nuggets beat the Clippers. 1 31, 1 15 Denver Leagues that series. Three. Two Celtics got the magic up outta there and the Pace has got the bucks up outta their last night. What up Morgan? A DJ and V Charlamagne. Just hilarious. And Lauren, how y'all feeling? We good? Hey Girl, we good? All right, let's get back into it. So house Republicans are working to craft what President Trump calls the big beautiful Bill Now house speaker Mike Johnson. He spoke, he spoke more about the projected deadline and pushed back against Democrats claiming the bill cuts important social services.


Let's take a listen to those comments from House speaker Mike Johnson. We're gonna get it done by Memorial Day. Send it over there. They take a couple few weeks to work through that. We merge this together, we get it to the President's desk quickly for signature and you will see the results. We are going to preserve the programs. We're not gutting Medicaid. We're gonna reduce fraud, waste and abuse, which every single American should be applauding. Yeah. So the budget rec reconciliation measure that would implement much of his spending agenda, the bill would extend 2017 tax cuts and keep Trump's promise to expand them. The tax plan. Also the House Republicans are also pushing that tax plan with 5 trillion in breaks, 2 trillion in cuts and 5 trillion and a $5 trillion debt ceiling hike.


So I'll keep you guys posted on what happens as a result of the that bill. And we, we will see what happens with that spending bill. In other news on Capitol Hill, I actually actually really love this story. The only black all female unit that served in Europe World War II has been awarded with a congressional gold medal. Descendants from the family of the six triple eight central postal directory battalion were given the highest civilian honor Congress. Ken bestow for their work processing some 17 million pieces of mail in three months during the War Now House speaker Mike Johnson and House minority leader Hakeem Jeffries came together to deliver remarks yesterday.


Let's take a listen to those comments. They didn't have all the high tech gadgets that we have today. They had to do it manually processing roughly 65,000 pieces of mail per shift. They cleared the entire backlog in no less than three months. That's right. These fiercely passionate, patriotic, and persistent members of the Women's Army Corps deployed knowing that they would confront the dual challenges of racism and sexism at the hands of their own military. Yeah. So they had six months to do the job and they completed the job in three. The story of the six Triple eight was recently retold in a Tyler Perry Netflix film starring Kerry Washington as Lieutenant Colonel Charity Adams, who's served as the highest ranking black woman officer at that time.


So Well and and salute the legendary Nicole Avon, you know, for amplifying that story with that series that you just mentioned, Morgan, the six triple eight on Netflix, because I'm sure they would've been honored without that series. But I also know that that series, you know, helped, you know, amplify, amplify that story of, of those of those people. So salute them. Absolutely. Long overdue. Can we get a clues ball? Absolutely. Alright. Alright. And to wrap things up, speaking of women Send a woman to do it, former Vice President Kamala Harris. She will be giving her first major speech today since losing her White House bid. She'll be speaking at Emerge, an organization that works to put democratic women in office in San Francisco on Wednesday.


This is happening today. A person familiar with the event says Harris will take aim at President Trump's economic policies and his influence on American institutions. Harris is expected to decide on whether she will run for California governor by the end of this summer. So what do you guys think? Harris's back in the fold, in the mix or, you know, take, take a little bit of a a an extended break. I think she back in the mix. You know, I honestly would like to see her take more of an ex extended break. Honestly. I think she deserves it. But Emini here, she could do whatever she wants to do. But you know, I think after, after the exhausting 107 days, you know what I would really like to see her do. Sit back and get some money. Honestly, you know what, Emini here? Yeah. Write a bug book tour.


Yeah, absolutely. Yeah. Put out a book, you know, I don't know, make, maybe maybe start some type of podcast here. Like I really like to see her sit back. Are you trying to Plug that And I know that's right. Plug that back. Black Effect. Charlamagne. You trying? Hey. No, no, no, no I haven't, I haven't done anything with her but I would, I would love to see her sit back and get some money though. I really do. I really do mean yeah, I'm With you. Alright, so I'm gonna go ahead and wrap things up there. That's your front page news. Follow me on social at Morgan Media and for more news coverage, follow at Black Information Network. Download the free iHeartRadio app and visit us@binews.com. Thank y'all. Make an amazing Wednesday. Alright, Thank you Morgan. Thanks girl. Now when we come back, Bill Bellamy will be joining us. We gonna kick it it with Bill Bellamy when we come back. So don't go anywhere. It's The Breakfast Club.


Good morning, The Breakfast Club Morning everybody. It's DJ Envy. Jess. Hilarious. Charlamagne the guy. We are The Breakfast Club. Lauren LaRosa is here with us as well. And we got a special guest in the building. Bill Bellamy. Bill Bellamy is in the building. I love it. I love it. I love The Breakfast Club. We here Bill, you are aging amazingly, my brother. Thank you man. You know I'm only 73 and ain't nothing but coconut water Lauren. You know, you get coconut water, get cup strawberries, blueberries, and a little bit of shake butter. You look just like this. But you playing or you just turned 60 a couple weeks ago. Yeah. Yeah. That is an amazing 60 my brother. Thank you man. But but I don't know what Sixty's supposed to look like 'cause I'm comparing it to what we grew up on.


No, no, no, no, no. We done knew. We didn't knew. Yeah, that's right. We didn't knew because you know, back in the day if you told somebody who was 60 years old, they'd be like, man, I just got me some pancakes from ihop, you know, for free. Yeah, yeah, yeah. You know, now you know we moving Groover, we work out. That's right. You taking care of yourself. That's right. You know what I'm saying? We, we know what we eating. That's right. That's right. You know what Emini here, you watch your diet and you know, if you blessed to have good health, you you, you'll look good. Do you take advantage of that kind of stuff though? Like the free pancakes from IHOP and all of that? Man, I haven't really leaned into the citizen thing, but I really think I need to get like some of them little benefits and stuff. They don't got the A RP card. Yeah, you get it. You Do it or you don't. I don't have one you think I should pull up? Yeah. I feel like that's the right of passage. That's right. Right. You wait on it.


But I just don't want to be UNC everywhere, like, you know what I'm saying? I'm getting UNC now. I'm getting og. OG is kind of cool. Yeah, yeah, yeah. But unc like on the basketball court be making me feel like I can't play no more. Yo unc you want the ball? I'm like yeah, They not helping you up off the ground calling you unc. You Know what I'm saying? No. Nah. But it's, it is a tricky thing. OG is cool. UNC just in certain cases, and I'll be honest with you, I was in a club, where was I recently? And I felt like Unc like you need to go home. Yeah. Like you like yeah. You know this music loud. What's wrong with it? What's wrong with it? Not this music loud because, because some of the music, I just don't know. I feel like I just missed it. Like, like I love Gorilla but she got this joint that's so fire. But all the girls know the words And I ain't know nothing.


Not that's when I felt like I gotta go home. Was it F and f? What is it? How does it go? Tell me She got so much since FNF. Yeah, it was independent. Is it with Sexy Red too? Yes. Okay. It's the Independent. Oh, The one that the remake song. Yes. Every girl in there from 25 to 35 was going crazy. And I'm at the bar like, man I gotta go home man. Y'all ain't playing no Naughty by nature. Y'all. Y'all dunno Tre You know. Well that's funny when you say because you like when you, when you get to a certain age, when you think about everybody who didn't make it from our culture. Correct. Does that make you appreciate it more, yo man, honestly yes.


Yes. That's a very, very good thing you said because you know what, to have a long career is a blessing. You don't know. And then we lost so many people that came up with us. Charlemagne, you've been my boy forever. Like, we came up like at around the same time. Like we went to the same school kind of thing. You know what Emini here, we seen, you know, from the little Kim days to let's say Boys and men, the 90, early nineties. I, I remember when Busta Rhymes and first got on with leaders of the New School. I remember like the Def Jam offices, like the Source magazine, like all that energy of the nineties. I remember when Q-Tip went solo. You know what I'm saying? Was the ladies man of, of rap. Like, like there's so many moments of hip hop that we experience and to think now I'm like man, that's such a great time for us to be able to experience it.


Emini here. I remember interviewing Michael Jackson, like how many people did they, let's think about that. How many people interviewed God damn. Like they not even, like if you would've told me 20 years ago Michael Jackson would not be alive. Like that doesn't make sense. Like I always thought like them dudes would live forever like Prince. Like he was so damn cool. Michael was so damn cool. Whitney jersey girl. Like I have all these wonderful memories of these people Left eye, you know? Damn. Like we did all this stuff with MTV when people were just coming up, people getting on, people getting accepted. They starting to go platinum. See you young. You don't even know. I know what Go Platinum is, you know, platinum. Okay, cool. I gotta make sure, I gotta make sure.


But like, like I remember when Usher went Diamond. I remember when the Fujis went Diamond, like Diamond was like way out there. Like you told somebody you went Diamond. They like what? And that was real albums. I'm talking about, I was about To say, I think it's just different for y'all 'cause people had to go and get the, the, you know what Emini here? Yeah. Like right now we're streaming. So it's like, okay cool. That's people listening. It's different when all these people going to the store. Nobody is going to the record store. Like me and Charlemagne, me and Charlemagne knew, remember Ty Records here in New York? We remember when the, we was the album released, people was lined up to get your album. Remember I remember taking the plastic off buying Cass. Remember when, remember when you couldn't get the plastic, you needed a a razor word? You had to take a key to get the damn album out.


And then you read, then you, did you ever get a thank you? Did you ever like No, I wasn't around. I I I'm, I'm 46, so Well, no, I, I started getting thank yous later on. Like, but that was my like early two thousands. Like when you would get the album, you'd be like, yo, I wanna shout out Thank you Charlamagne, my man Charlamagne for your support on my album or whatever. And then I would read all the producers and stuff like that. Those days are over. You don't even get artwork. What? Thank you. Did you get artwork? No, we Don't get, you don't get No, you just get a song. Chris Brown got a new song. Yeah, it's like a special thing if they release like artwork and images and normally it's like merch and like something swaggy. So you gotta buy a t-shirt to get artwork now. Yeah. Unless people do, I don't even know what you're Talking about. I thought she said T-shirts stuff he thought about in the album.


I know what he's talking about. I'm not that old Emini here. That young, like I Yes you are. I had the Destiny Young Child writings on the wall. So Blessing two side album. I had Michael Jackson. Did you ever go to a drive-in theater? No. See I did, but it was like a cool vintage experience that like we, we vlog like it was like Did not have Michael Jackson thriller. Why would you tell that line? What year was you born? 1991. My mom added in my house. Michael Thrill. Oh, she had it in the house. Okay. Which Michael Destiny child. I remember going and buying that album and, and like you had it opened up like this, like, and it had all the writings on the wall. Oh See, damn. Go ahead girl. Your writer passes. Oh my god. You young old now you about a lot of this in top billing, but just talk to the people. What, what was interviewing Michael? Like, somebody literally asked me that this weekend.


You ever talked, you ever interviewed Michael? I'm like, nah, Michael interviewing Michael Jackson was like talking to a prince, a a, a king of some sort of some royalty because of way he moved. You know what I'm saying? Mm. Like he was, to me the epitome of being a rockstar superstar. Mm. He had like, if he was in here right now, it'd be 30 people in here that you don't know what they do, but they look like they killed, they do something. People three, four publicists. You got the record label people, you got his personal people and, and then everything is just like, oh my God, like you don't wanna make a mistake. And he comes in, everything's set up the lighting. You just like, I like, I'd be sitting there like just, ugh, well we gonna do this.


And his people would be like, no, Michael's gonna do three, five, and nine. Thank you that, that, that's how they used to be. I'm like, and he had his own lighting person. Like you ever heard of a person having a cinematographer for an interview? Maria did that though. Rod Carey came in the studio, had people turned down the lights. The only people I know and had them, had her team set up lights. And I was like, damn, Pearl. And I said, Mariah, they only gonna be able to see you. And she was like, that's the point. God. That's the whole point darling. Yo, How early did the lighting people get there before Michael got there? Two hours. Ooh, that same thing that he said is true. 'cause I, I interviewed Mariah Carey in Hawaii and Jermaine was there too. And I was like, jd, where's Mariah? He was like, yo man, Mariah be down about three hours.


We waiting on her man to get here, dp. I didn't know what that was at the time. So I was like, dp, who's that? He say, that's Daniel Pearl. He'll be here. He like all the Mariah's stuff, right? This dude comes, he got like 10 people. They like, they doing a little thing p turn that down to 30%, put that up to ten five p. It looks like heaven. Heaven everybody Heaven. Bring Mariah out. 'cause his lighting was heaven. Wow. Swear to God. I was sitting out there black. I got so black. I was sitting out there waiting just like, man, she'll be here in another hour. They didn't even get me no water. This is back in the day. MTV stuff. All right, we Got more with Bill Bellamy when we come back it's The Breakfast Club. Good morning. Morning everybody. It's DEJ nv, just Hilarious.


Charlamagne the guy. We are The Breakfast Club. We're still kicking it with Bill Bellamy. Charlamagne. Now you haven't done a special since 2022, right? So is top billing working towards that? Yeah. Okay. So I think right now I have an hour of comedy that is crazy funny. Like nobody's talking about what I'm talking about right now. Mm. It's very relevant. Emini here. It's so much stuff going on right now from Diddy to Shannon Sharp to Shado. Like there's so many elements in the culture that everybody's thinking about like, oh my god. And I want to capture this moment because it's, it's right now. So I'm really trying to tape soon so that everything that I'm talking about will be indicative of this moment in, in the culture.


I was gonna say, how are you, 'cause I know you, you got the podcast, but like you obviously you're so aware of everything because of your background and like interviews and stuff. How do you bring the podcast to the stage? Like are you shooting the podcast while you're in D City Or Well, I usually shoot the, I usually shoot the podcast in the studio. I'm going to try to do the podcast live too. 'cause I think it would be kind of nice to be able to have the energy of the people there too. And then they could, you know, ask people questions during my interviews and then we could have like some interaction and shoot it that way. I think that could bring, bring some different energy in season two. I just Think it's interesting 'cause there's a lot of people who try to intertwine all of that, but like, they're not really as up to date and like current as you are.


Like you just rattled off. I'm just sitting here listening. You just rattled off so much and I'm like, oh, he's on the headlines. Oh Yeah, I to because Your background, you know what? You, you know what Emini here? Well you have to be a student of the game as well. Like for me, I have to read all the time. So like at night when in house is quiet, I'm reading every publication, I'm, I'm listening to music. I, I have to stay in the culture because it's like, there's stuff that's, it's a language. The culture is a language, right? Right. And so if you get outside the language and then you gotta to come back, you gonna sound dated, you gonna sound like, oh, I don't even talk like that no more. Whatever. You know what? Emini here. So for me, it's very important for me to stay very, very relevant and conscious of what's popping. You know, I watch you, I watch you now.


I watch jazz, I watch the new comedians. I watch, you know, the news and seeing like, oh shoot, oh, I watched the, the headlines that's popping off on social media. Like, oh, everybody's talking about this. What's, what's the deal? You know what I'm saying? Get in the trenches with it. Oh wow. This is a good angle. So what I do with comedy is I'll take like something that's that's a real subject matter and flip it. You know what, Emini here and now you, you laughing but you like, oh my god, that's crazy. What made him say that? 'cause you gotta know it. So how do you flip something like the Shannon Sharpe situation? You just, well first of all, Shannon Sharpe did not see how to be a player at all. Okay. So let's just, just let's get that out. He must have missed the VHS and the DVD Release.


He 56. So he Don't got no excuses. Yo, he 56 years old. He should have seen it coming. It was right on. What's that sound? Your ass. It's coming. It's coming. What's that? Man, Shannon Sharp should have known when, when that first tape leaked that we gotta slow down. Yeah, yeah, yeah. It's a little bit, it's a little bit too much. Yeah, baby. With the talk to it. Are you Talking about Instagram live? Instagram? I ain't even know I was live. Tell me baby. Listen now, now if you are going live and you don't know what, you too old. Yeah. If you, if you don't even know how, you don't even know how You know how to get online. Of course. Okay, I'm And you got a click, click to do it. Yes. So he wanted to be lying. They said, talk to me baby choke, choke daddy.


What it did tell daddy what it did. Right. He full throttle got caught on that one. Everything should have been shut down. Yes. Went to some type of class. Can't talk nasty. Shannon, calm down. Get you a nice, nice solid woman off to the corner. That and just lay low for a minute till let's go. What is it? Not even eight, nine months later. I don't think. That hasn't been that long. It is not even he backing them streets. You mess up the bag. I'm telling you right now. White girls can't even say nothing to me. I was at the dog party. This why he said, oh nice dog. I took my dog and ran. I wasn't even trying to, I'm like, Jonathan Ma.


What, what about the age difference? Because he was 54 when he met us. She was 19. Ah, thank God. Thank God she was 19. It's too far. See I got a young daughter so I can't even process. How old is your daughter? My daughter's 21. So I'm think, I'm thinking that's, see what I'm saying? I'm thinking like my daughter, me and Shannon in the alley wake scrapping, I can't wear that. You know, but you know what I'm saying? These cats, I don't know. Athletes are different. I just be honest. I think it's a, it is a difference with these type of guys. Like they, they get, they get attracted to certain things that are different. Like, like why do, like most football players like strip clubs. I don't know. They just like that Emini here, when I did any given Sunday, that's where we was. We was in strip club.


Come on dog. Let go see the girl, man. Real talk man. Blow off some steam, drink a little bit. Get back to the, to the, you know, to the hotel. But you said something that's important. Like you said, after the first situation, you gotta slow down. But you said he should have went to like some type of class something. That development isn't there no more for nobody. It's not there. Musical artists is not there for personalities. Like, you got people that literally go in their living room and becoming like these phenomenons overnight 'cause of podcast and YouTube and, but Shannon Sharpe has been famous, famous for a while. He comes from caught wave though of like, y'all should different level of fame for this. This is like, he was always dope, you know, football player, always hall of fame, da da da. But this is a wave. Like he got like, boom, you know, Kat Williams gave him that boom. You know, it is, it is like, then you get on on you leave skip, boom, come to esp n that's like, that's a rocking wave.


Right. So you know, you rolling, you know the light on. You gotta kind of be careful. He needed an auntie man. See this is what's lost in the culture. Old school. Black auntie, a auntie be like, Shannon, you can't do that Baby Uhuh. Now you done got too nasty. Monique tried to tell him. Yeah. Monique tried to tell. Yeah, yeah. Mo yeah, Mo Mo was trying to help her, but you know, he, he, he liked what he like what you going do now? Can you wear it? See what I'm saying? Can you wear it now? So what do we do from here? Like how do you, how do you, how do you Olivia Pope that, what would you do? Like what do you do? Emini here. Emini here. He ain't kill nobody. You know what I'm saying? He just nasty.


So this beat and all this BSM is like, that's the bondage stuff. Is that what we're talking about? You 60 years old, you know, de Means. I know. I'm just saying. Okay, you been around so, so, so I, I Emini here, you know, I, I don like, you dunno, that's the best thing to do, bill. Act like you don't dunno. Yeah, no, I'm just saying like that, that that is a, that's a lane. So Emini here, that's a lane. Let's be honest. That's a lane course you said he could come back with. I'm just saying he might have to come out with some T-shirts. He's not, not Punk. Got the funk. I dunno, I dunno. When you that lane, that's a tricky lane. That's like driving your car a hundred miles an hour with no seatbelt gon happen. You dig? Like that's a tricky lane because it is edgy.


That's what I think is the pull for people. It is so edgy. But it can always go left. 'cause where's the line? Yeah, where's the line? You whiling? Where's the line where we could come back? Or like say, this is the thing that's tricky. You could be all good on Saturday. We go back to do it again Sunday. And you might not be on that right now. So now it's, it's a bad deal. I think at this point, as Shannon Sharp's age, he should, he's too old. He needs to sit still with a person like marriage something. I Think he should do a Turkey drive. What? Turkey drives always fixed stuff. No, that is the playbook. You gotta go. That's the, you do you enough around no turkeys.


Turkeys make people feel good. Man, you giving out turkeys. What? He ain't do it. You ever know? Oh my god. When somebody do something, they do Turkey And then they sent me the photos exclusively. Yes, I know You be seen. Oh my god. You be seeing them like, hey, thank you. Gimme a bunch of turkeys. It's Got to be summertime though. No, you gotta give out turkeys. Shannon. That's the trick. Where's my camera? Right here. Look Shannon, man, do a Turkey drive. Just give out turkeys randomly all over the country. Here baby. Get going a little Turkey for unc. Get going Little Turkey. By the time they get that 30 per Turkey, this will be over just oh man.


And it gotta be butterball. All We got more with Bill Bellamy. When we come back, it's The Breakfast Club. Good morning. Good morning everybody. It's DEJ Envy, just hilarious. Charlamagne the guy. We are The Breakfast Club. Lauren Lar Rosa is here with us as well and we're still kicking it with Bill Bellamy. Charlamagne. Now You grew up in that era of the nineties. When you look at the Diddy situation, oh, did you ever think the coach of hip hop would catch up with people the way it did? Because a lot of this is lifestyle. Ah, well, well, well, well, I I'll be honest with you man. The Diddy situation is just, it's gonna hurt us all no matter what, how it comes out. But it's gonna hurt the culture because to me, why I say that is because what he's done for the culture before, all of this is phenomenal.


Like, it never happened before to come to this point. I I didn't see that coming. You know what I'm saying? You didn't, you've been around. I didn't, I I know, but I didn't know like all the other stuff that people were saying. Like that's just like, all this stuff is just so like, oh my god. Oh, it's so many. Oh my guys, no Turkey drive could fix. You know what I'm, I would never thought Diddy would've been in jail. Yeah. I would never say, okay, in jail is is crazy for life. Yeah. What we looking at that's crazy. Like Emini here. God dang. You know what I'm saying? Because we came up, the, the nineties was really a fly 10 year run for everybody that was coming up through it. You know, Kaz is getting record deals of substantial money. I remember when Janet Jackson got her like $40 million virgin deal or something crazy.


Remember when they was giving out numbers for, for artists, 90 million, this, that and the other. Whatever, whatever. Puff got a hundred million dollars deal. I remember that. Like, that was a big deal in New York. Like, people was like, yo, puff got his own label now. Boom, boom, boom. Like I came up with Mason, those guys and Kaon and guys. So just think about like, oh man, I just seen like these guys making money now. Dudes that look like me, that came from situations like me. We out here eating to, to now. Like, damn. So let's say if he, even if he were to get out of it, his images is smashed. So it's like, damn man, you could do all this good and do one thing and no people never feel the same.


Like, you know what I'm saying? Like they'll never look at you the same. So that's the part that gonna hurt the culture to me. Did you ever have to fight to get hip hop on MTV back then? Yeah. Man. Charlamagne, come on. Listen, you, you know what we did. Okay, so listen, this is how, how it was. So when I came on MTV, it was mostly rock. There was, there was, they was tiptoeing with hip hop. Where we gonna play a little bit? Go play a little bit over here with yo, we got yo MT, v raps. Those guys, ed and Dre are doing a great job, blah, blah, blah. I wasn't even on the channel yet. So now we are getting this, this hybrid show that's going to show you that hip hop is crossing over a little bit. We not only going to do Nas, but we gonna do salt and pepper.


Mm. We gonna do ll we going to do leaders in the new school. We going to do Domino and we going to do coolio and we gonna do this young dude named Snoop. So now you getting all these new artists, you got Ice Cube, now you got this, you got that. So now the plate got bigger, right? So I just happened to be the guy delivering the plate to the people like, yo, we got this, we got this, we got this. I just think it was really, really a blessing for me at that time just to be in the right place.


Hey, What up y'all? It's DJ Envy. The first few months of 2025 have been quite a year. Work deadlines, group chats, you can't escape. And your weird cousin's latest overshare. It's a lot. But here's some good news. You don't have to bring that stress into your car. The all new Nissan Murano is your piece on wheels, thanks to its available features. Imagine sliding into the relaxing, massaging seats that feel like they were made to melt your tensions. Taking the skyline views that let sunlight pour in and watches as your day brightens. I have a special playlist that always gets me right. And with the BS premium sound system, you too can vibe like you're at your own private concert. Plus with your 64 color personalized lighting option, you can set the mood any way you want. Be it romantic chill, or in a straight up do not disturb mode. Let the Nissan Murano be your oasis in a chaotic world because sometimes the greatest rush isn't rushing at all. Drive the all new Nissan Murano today. Panoramic moon moonroof, ambient lighting, bows and massaging. Leather appointed seats are optional features.


Hey fam, if you like me, you're thinking about how to level up in your career. Maybe you're fresh outta college, just started in your field, or even look at the switch things up and find your true calling. Whatever stage you're in, remember that this is your time to grow, to learn, and to build something that lasts. State Farm understands that early career development is key to long-term success. They've been a steady presence in our communities and they know that having the right support early on can make all the difference. State Farm is there to help you make smart moves and to help you get the coverage you need. We all know the journey to success is a marathon, not a sprint. It's about staying focused, staying grounded, and making sure you're protected every step of the way. Let's build our careers with confidence, knowing that State Farm is there to support us just like they've always been, because like a good neighbor State Farm is there. Find out more@stateforum.com.


It's true that some things change as we get older, but if you're a woman over 40 and you're dealing with insomnia, brain fog, moodiness and weight gain, you don't have to accept it as just another part of aging. And with MIDI Health, you can get help and stop pushing through it alone. The experts at MIDI understand that all these symptoms can be connected to the hormonal changes that happen around menopause. And MIDI can help you feel more like yourself. Again, many healthcare providers aren't trained to treat or even recognize menopause symptoms. MIDI clinicians are menopause experts. They're dedicated to providing safe, effective FDA approved solutions for dozens of hormonal symptoms, not just hot flashes. Most importantly, they're covered by insurance. 91% of MIDI patients get relief from symptoms within just two months. You deserve to feel great. Book your virtual visit today@joinmidi.com. That's join mi d i.com.


Hey, my name's Jay Shedi and I'm the host of On Purpose. I just had a great conversation with Michelle Obama To whom much is given, much is expected. The guilt comes from. Am I doing enough? Me, Michelle Obama to say that to a therapist. So let's unpack that. Former First Lady, Michelle Obama and someone who knows her best. Her big brother Craig will be hosting a podcast Called IMO. What have been your personal journeys with therapy? We need to be coached throughout our lives. My mom wanted us to be independent children and she would always tell me, stop worrying about your sister. Having been the first lady of the entire country and representing the country in The World, I couldn't afford to have that kind of disdain. What would you say has been the most hardest recent test of fear? Listen to On Purpose with Jay Shetty on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts or wherever you get your podcast.


It's the right time because I love the music And I love us. You know what I'm saying? I wanted you if you was a new artist, I'm like, I'm trying to get you on. Like, yo, you gotta come on here. Make sure you fix her hair. Make sure she look fly. Okay, cool, cool, cool. Glad glad you said fix her hair. Go to hell. No, no, but what I'm saying, you know what I'm saying? Straight to hell. Y'all. Y'all, y'all can figure this out later. So real quick, anything go wrong, Turkey drive? Just do I already do one every year, 10 years. And you to see how you ain't been to no Turkey, no turkeys on the ground. They just forget it. This make people go. He ain't, he ain't do nothing. He gave me a Turkey. What was the biggest thing that MTV passed up on that you were like, you fought for and they was like, nah, we good.


And then later like now you looking back like, man, that was an iconic moment. We coulda had, I can't remember that. I can remember what they almost blew on. There's a couple things that that happened. Like this one I remember very, very vividly was H Town. So H Town was on Luke Records, right? So you got Oh the group. The group knocking the boots. Okay. Knocking the boots. So I was in like in the south, I was doing a show or something And I heard knocking the boots. I said, oh my God, what is that? I go back to MTV, I showed 'em the tape. I say, yo, this is that and the other, blah, blah blah. They're like, oh my God, go to the billboard. Let's see what it is. Is it doing? Is it, is it a heat seeker?


What is it doing on the charts? I was like, it don't matter what the charts is. I'm telling you this song right here is crazy. We get the video, they still on it. We put it on the air. Oh my God, bell. Oh my god. You know music I've been telling y'all. You see that's the thing, when you live in the tower, you not on the on the ground, you don't know the people. Right. So that's why I never stay in the tower to this day I never stay in the tower. 'cause you don't know what the fuck going on. Did you ever get a chance to tell to group that? Yeah, they know. Oh okay. I got the plaque. Oh, okay. That was a real risque song back then. When you think about it. Yeah, it was knocking the boots and it was boom, boom.


You know, it was a lot of grinding and you know. Interesting. I one do remember that we used to. Okay, I wonder what the difference between knocking the boots and sex you up was nothing the color bad. That's what I'm saying. They white. They white. Oh see they multicultural. You're right. Multi. There you go. You know, we nasty. They're pleasant. Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah. I I'm sure. M Turkey Drive. They have no problem with sex. You up We, we did color me bad. I wanna sex you up. Yeah. So all them groups, like now you don't even see groups no more. We had Color Me Bad Boys to Men, shy, Jodeci Jodeci, high Five, damn Remember High five? I forget. High five. High five, brown Stone. We had Jade. 7 0 2. 7 0 2.


Damn. Total it is so many. Man. I love Total though. Hell yeah. They was just go, can't you see what you do to me? I saw somewhere that you said you regret coining the term booty call. I regret that. I didn't trademark it. Oh, got you, got you, got you, got you. I would've had a lot of money. You know, you said you wanna do another how to be a player. Are you really working on the updated version of that? What would that even look like in 2025? Oh my God. The woke aunties gonna be Kiss. Shannon Sharpe would not be in it. All you all, nobody. Nobody that's messing up got anything to do with how to be a player too. Nope, nope, nope, nope. Is it even worth being a player? 'cause Kendrick Lamar said, and, And I agree with him on the new album, GN X, he says, you better off being with one woman.


Everything tricky right now. Yeah, it's tricky right now. I think for the comedy of it, it would be really good for the culture. I feel like it would be good because it's nostalgic. Everybody's the right age. Now. Some cats was like in their teenage years, some cats was in their twenties, whatever. I think if we do it coming, like if it comes out next summer, I think it would be perfect because we can talk about certain things. You know how like technology is blowing cats up. Yeah. You know what I'm saying? Leaving your phone open, girl using your face while you sleep. I feel like we should have alarms on our phones. Yeah, yeah, yeah. You know, like saying, I'm saying you, you sleep and your girl tried to go every or you could just not have nothing in the phone.


That's true too. Bill. We always got something in our phone. I don on yourself. Don't what if you did an updated version of the brothers that's supposed to be happening. Right. And would be, and you had Dr. Omar in it mad at you in your charact because how much you like white women. Dr. Omar would be bananas. Yes. He would just show up on my dates. Yes. He's a cousin. He's Come on brother. Every time you out he just pops up for Nore. Don't let the bunnys get you brother. Boy, if Dr. Omar have a a mixed baby, I'm gonna pass out. It'll never happen. No, I know. I'm just joking. Some things in life will never happen now. I better now. But Dr. Omar, he staying on business with his stuff.


Well, he hit it so hard. He better not even drink white milk. You hear me? I am totally against it. Rice in his house. I don want to hear it. He is over the top word. Bill Bellamy. His top bill tour is going on right now. He's gonna be at the Improv Comedy Club May 3rd in the fourth. Yeah. I'll be in Brea, California. Yes. Brad, California. Four. Wayne, Indiana. May 9th in 11th in the Summit City Comedy Club. Yep. He'll be at the Chicago Improv in Schaumburg, Illinois. May 16th through the 18th. The Miami Improv in Miami, Florida. May 30th through the June 1st and the Funny Bone Comedy Club in Cleveland. June 6th to the eighth. Let's go man. Yes, let's go man. It's Bill Bellamy man. Where can they follow you, bill? Oh, follow me at Bill Bellamy on Instagram. I'm on TikTok, I'm on Facebook, wherever it is.


Subscribe to your podcast. Subscribe to our top billing. We love y'all, man. Peace. It's The Breakfast Club Bill Bellamy. Yes. It's the world's most dangerous morning show. The Breakfast Club Charlemagne To, to God. Jess Hilarious Envy had to leave because he doing his, his book Trapping. His new book is Out Real Life Real Family with his wife Gia Casey. But it's time for the latest with Lauren. Lauren becoming a straight face. She gets him from somebody that knows somebody. She the details. I'm the home girl that knows a little bit about everything. She'd be having the latest on Lord the Latest with Lauren LaRosa. Sometimes she have facts, sometimes she have details. Sometimes she have a little bit of everything. What's the latest on The Breakfast Club? Talk to me. It so cold in here.


What my bad cold. It's cold, Lauren. It's cold in the be you see Jeff got her blanket over there. Yes. And Lauren got one of her shoulders that like one showed know it's freezing as she as hell. But it's okay. You look good. First of all, It's Shea butter down baby. It's really nice. Yes it is. You Look Real cute though. Thank you. The Fall. What? Nothing. Go ahead. All right. So right now tariffs are trending. Tariffs and Amazon are trending all over X and all over Google. And this is because for the last couple days, Trump and Amazon or Jeff Bezos have had a little tti, a little beef. So Amazon, there was a report that came out by website called Punchbowl News at the top of the week that said that Amazon was going to show the actual prices of like, here's how much this item costs, here's how much we have to add to it because of the tariffs.


Because they wanted their customers to know we're not just trying to run up the prices on y'all. Right. Which I think is smart. 'cause you get to see taxes when you buy something. Yep. Depending on where you're purchasing it from. So when that came out, Trump and his White House got upset. So the speaker for the White House came out and said that this was like a hostile political act and that it made no sense and that Amazon was doing this to protect their relationship with China. Now all of this, you probably are wondering why it is such a big deal, Emini here. Tariffs have been a conversation, but to me I thought that this was kind of crazy to what it, they were dragging Bezos and Amazon because Jeff Bezos and Trump were buddy buddy. They were friends. They went out to dinner after Trump won the, the election. He was at the inauguration. But the minute that he decided to protect his business and his customers or so it seemed Trump got upset.


Well it's because Trump punked him. And Trump has been punking Bezos for the longest Emini here. Bezos also owns what, what is it? The Washington Post. And he decided not to endorse a candidate for the first time ever. And after Trump called Bezos yesterday, Bezos bowed down. Yes. He said he never planned to, you know, put the, put the price of the tariffs up there. Wow. Yes. Yeah. Jeff Bezos is the founder. It is. He purchased the Washington Post in 2013. So that is correct. But yes, that happened. Now when Trump called him, he said that Bezos did a good thing. And he's basically, he's like, I'm glad he listened and this is not gonna happen. Now, Amazon had tried to walk it back after the White House got mad. They said, oh, it wasn't approved, we weren't really gonna do it. But then Trump came out and said, I called him and it didn't change.


So it made Amazon look crazy. Like he can just call y'all and everything walks back. Which is insane to me because I, I feel like, and we've been seeing it And I know Charlemagne, you yell at us about this all the time. It is. So when I saw Trump just casually say, yeah, I called him and he changed his mind. I'm like, man, Trump punked him. Trump called him a bitch ass billionaire. Yo. He say, you better move the way I want you to move our outs. Period. Seeing all them big tech companies at the inauguration was one thing. Oh my gosh. But watching Trump just call somebody and say, you better not play with me. And they listen because Trump got all the power. It don't matter who got all the money, it matters who got all the power. Yeah. Well yeah. That was pretty scared of me. And I Emini here at this point. Now I guess they're in good standing because he walked it back. But a lot of conversation that's happening right now is this makes no sense because I wanna see where the, how the prices are moving.


'cause I wanna make sure you're not just throwing your extra on top, on top of the tariffs. Especially with everything about the change right now. So. Yeah. Yeah. Well and other news, Shannon Sharpe. So you guys remember that video that Shannon Sharpe was saying was gonna release? Yes it did. No. Oh no. So according to reports that video will not be released. Attorney Tony Busby came out and said that they are not planning to release that video. How they were dropping audio because it's a very strong point of their evidence in this case. And they're gonna keep it and use it as such in court. Yeah. Now that is interesting because Shannon Sharpe, remember he kept saying he believes the video was gonna come out. He believes the video was gonna come out.


So there's been a change there somehow. But Stephen A Smith sat down with a big boy for a big boy. A big boy in the neighborhood. And he talked about how people are switching sides on Shannon Sharp right now. Let's take a listen. Can we help you get ba past this? And I think that true friends conduct themselves that way. They ain't, yes. People that tell you just what you want to hear, they ain't no people that's willing to vilify you. The second something Emini here, I see Katz talking about him And I can't even put into words that I've seen them do. And then I see the zest with which people are willing to pounce on him. People have been after him since he was doing, he did Kat Williams because of the numbers he produced and the success that it had and how he was able to ride that wave.


If I sit up there and I'm friends with Big Boy, I'm a contemporary, and then big boy get in trouble. It's one thing for me to be on the end going like this. Yeah. You know, Emini here, this is what happened to Big Boy. And that's another thing in time. He be like, yeah, you see what happened, big boy. Right, right. And you see a joy that some people are having and going at him. So for me it's just about making sure that he knows that he matters to me. Did he say he sees the zest in which people wanna pounce on him? I knew you was going to man that That whole sentence, If you zest he pouncing on somebody. That's why. Yo, I will say in a lot of ways I could say Stephen A set the tone for that comment commentary though.


Because No, I said that because one of the first people who, who commented on Shannon shop was Stephen A and he said and he put out a 20 minute video that night. Yeah. And then said basically, this is my guy, but I'm, I'm going where? ES ESPN go Emini here I'm going where? Yeah, I'm going where? ES ESPN goes. Which I get it. That's like Emini here. That's your, that's where you, you work at and all that. But now the tone is giving. We stand with Shannon Sharp regardless, whatever, whatever. Or at least be careful how you talk about 'em. But when he talked about it that first night, I was like, are they friends? I was a little confused. Yes. And you know, another interesting thing too, and this is why I said, you know, I've never seen anybody handle a situation worse than Shannon and his team After this came out. We would've never known about that so-called video if it wasn't for Shannon Shop.


Yes. Shannon jumped out there and revealed that that video existed. And he did that for no reason. 'cause they wasn't even planning on putting it up. Yeah. Yep. Like he revealed our name. Remember Attorney Bby said that in a statement to TMZ, he said the only reason you know about the existence of a video recording is that Mr. Sharp specifically referenced it in his BS statement. That's true. The contents of the video was shared during a mediation process was Sharp's attorneys, again sharp. And his team disclosed that not us Sharp himself was offered on more than one occasion to view it himself. He declined. We've never made any claims or threats about it and won't and won't do. So Once again, I've never seen anybody handle a situation worse than Shannon and his team Like this is, I They just handled it wrong from the beginning.


From the whole beginning. Yeah. Well, we'll see what comes to this. 'cause I, I think it's best that this video didn't hit social media. Yeah. Yeah. BDSM Crazy Chin is sharp And that little girl Yeah, that would've been bad, bad visual. I just don't understand why they didn't settle. Especially being that the lawyer said that they offered the 10 million. Why? Well, not, not that they didn't settle because they were willing to settle. Why didn't they take the money? Yeah. Why didn't brother and the girl take the money she wanted? Did they think that they could get more because of all of the evidence they got? Probably. So That's probably what it is. Right? He probably, so I've asked that multiple times. I'm sure that's what it is. Yeah. But I've asked, I've asked, I don't know. Well, happy birthday to Kirsten Dunt. It's her birthday. The girl Mexican from Bring it on.


No, no, no. Oh, okay. No, she's not Mexican. Yo. She from Jumanji Spider-Man. But yeah, her most famous role, in my opinion is bring it on. So happy birthday to her. Bring It on with Fire. It was phenomenal movie Child. Still our bet. But you look like ish and we're the ones who are down with it. Okay. Sorry. Thank you for the Lord for the elt. Lord, bring It on after. Nevermind Shela man. Who you giving that donkey to you? Four after the hour, we need John Halliburton to come to the front of the congregation. We like to have a word with him. Please. Oh, you are Chicken out The Breakfast Club. Execution on the Donkey of the Day is something to go read. They gave me Donkey of the Day And I deserve, the people need to know.


Well you need to tell them I am because you have the voice. Tell them. Tell tell. It's time for Donkey of the Day. It's a read, but you're so good at it. You try to be a fake ass Charlamagne. Only one Charlamagne above damn Charlamagne. Who you giving Dusty today to now? Well, sexy Red Donkey today for Wednesday, April 30th goes to John Halliburton. If you don't know who John Halliburton is, John is the father of Indiana Pacer Star Tyrese Haliburton. Now, last night the Indiana Pacers eliminated the Milwaukee bucks in the NBA playoffs drop on a cruise bounce in Indiana paces Epic collapse by the Milwaukee B. The paces were down by seven points with 40 seconds left in overtime and then the bucks completely collapsed.


And Tyrese Haliburton supplied the game winner. Let's listen to how it went down. Here we go. Halliburton. Five seconds. Four seconds. Halliburton 1.3 to go pacers by one. Here's Gary Trent Jr. Let to cry. And the Pacers are moving on. What a comeback in Overtime. Now naturally after a win like that, emotions were high. Okay? If you a Pacers fan, you was on Cloud nine. If you a fan of Tyrese Haliburton Oh, in that moment you thought he was the greatest thing since the late great Kobe Bryant.


And there is no bigger fan of you when it comes to sports than your parents. Okay? Especially your father and Tyrese's dad. John sits court side at the games. Well, he got a little too excited because he decided to taunt Giannis by coming on the floor and holding up a towel with his son's face on it and shouting variations of this is what we epping do. Let's go to inside the NBA for the report, please. Let's listen to them. There was Some, there was some talking after the game. Oh, That's Halliburton. And then, and then it was his dad. Yeah. Then it looks like Halliburton and Giannis make nice. And that's everybody else does too. We, we, we, we love Mr. Hallen Burton. But come see the show. Don't be the show.


Come See the show. Yeah. And, and I think I saw Tyree is already apologized for his dad's actions. For what? Because he wanted run on the court and talk to like No, you don't. No, you don't come see the show. Don't be the show. You can't run on the stage on the, you cannot run on the court in harass everybody on the court. Everybody. He's not supposed to be on, on the court. He on the court. He not supposed be on the court. Stop. No, you stop it. He, he, he not on. Don't matter. He's not supposed to be on the court. GNI talked to him. Forget all that. No, no. He was on the court. So what the reason you think he said something? He probably know who his dad is. Come see the show though and beat the show. I like that. Kenny.


Listen, I could go either way on this. It can be harmless or it can be harmful. But the NBA has to do a better job of protecting his stars. Okay? People think that just because these folks make hundreds of millions of dollars, that they should be okay with fans talking crazy to them. Sure. Heckling is one thing, but coming on the floor, no, do that from the stands. Okay? And furthermore, and the reason I'm giving John Donkey today is because it's not about you. As Kenny Smith said, it's not about you. Okay? People need to learn that their actions do affect other people. So be careful what you say and do. 'cause it's not always just about you, John. I know that's your son. I know that you're excited, but you have to remember you represent your son in that moment. So don't do anything that embarrasses him or makes him look foolish.


Also, when was the security? Why were Giannis and John allowed to get, I was about to say face to face, but it was more like, you know, face to waist. Okay, face. Why were they allowed to get face to waist on each other like that? Emini here, Giannis towels over John. But why did that exchange even happen? I know team staff was, you know, pulled Giannis away. But why were they allowed to get that close to each other to begin with it? Y if Giannis saw John taunting him, I'm sure others did too. So you had to know Giannis going over to him. Wasn't because they were about to exchange pleasantries. Okay, what if emotions and egos would've got the best of them and they ended up scrapping right then and there. It's just stupid and it's all over things that could be prevented. Now, would you like to hear what Giannis had to say about it?


Let's listen. Losing a game, emotions run, run high. Having a fan, which I, at the moment, I thought it was fun, but then I realized it was Tyse sound, which I love. Tys. I think he's a great competitor. He was his dad, sorry, coming in the floor and showing me his son, a towel with his face. This is what we do. This is what we effing do. This the, if we do, I feel like that's very, very disrespectful. I'm happy for him and I'm happy for his son, And I'm happy that he's happy for his son. That's how you're supposed to feel. But coming to me and disrespecting me and cursing at me, I think it's totally unacceptable. Totally unacceptable.


I'm not the guy that points fingers because in my neighborhood, snitches get stitches. So I don't wanna say something, you know, for him to say to get finer or anything. But it's not respectful attack with him at the end. And we, I think we in a good place. I'll tell you one thing. The way Gianni said, coming on the floor with a towel sounded nasty. Didn't Mm, but, but Giannis felt disrespected. Okay, who are we to tell him otherwise? Tyrese Haliburton said his father was wrong. Let's listen. You know, as far as the incident between Giannis and my pops, I had no idea it happened until I got to the back and was showed the video. Me and my pops have talked about that And I, I don't agree with, you know, what, what transpired there from him, you know, you know, I think basketball is basketball and let's keep it on the court.


And I think that he just, you know, got excited, saw us son, make a game winner and came on the court. But I think we had a, we had a conversation and you know, I think he just needs to just allow me to just play basketball. Stay over there. I'll, I'll come to him to, to, to, to celebrate. But I'll talk with Giannis eventually about it. Just, you know, I, I don't think that my pops was in the right at all there and All of is taken away from the fact that they came back from behind and he scored a game winner. Now you gotta sit up there and explain about his dad's actions. Okay? His dad apologized. He said, I sincerely apologized to Giannis the Milwaukee Bucks and the Pacers organization for my actions following tonight's game. This was not a good reflection on our sport or my son And I will not make that mistake again. What is the lesson to be learned here?


It's simple for me. And we talked about this in another donkey earlier this week. And the lesson to be learned is our actions are guaranteed to affect others because we are not alone in this world. John made a moment that was about his son, about him. Your son hit the game winner salute. That has nothing to do with Giannis. Okay? They lost Giannis, not even a player who taunts people. Very humble man. So what was the point? But once again, our actions are guaranteed to affect others. John, you represent more than yourself. You represent your son, okay? You have to be that much more aware of how you present yourself because you are representing more than you. I know your last name is on the back of that Paces jersey, but that's not you bruh. You not out there getting buckets.


Your son is, and his game speaks for itself, okay? It doesn't need you speaking for it. Parents should cheer from the stands, not confront players on the court. So for that lapse in judgment, please give John Halliburton the biggest hee-haw. Oh, It's really that simple. Yeah. Crazy. I wanna say I do. I am really, really proud of you for your segment. You've been giving people donkey forever and you read so eloquently every day. You Shouldn't be impressed by people that know how to read. Good. First of all, it should be right. That's why I never Mind, I hate your segment And I don't even care about it no more. I, it's crazy. Can't I even take compliments? Like, damn. Well, Thank you.


Your childhood. No, no, no, no. Your childhood was that rough. You don't even know how to say, oh my God, thank you so much, sister. You're right. You're absolutely right. Damn. Thank you very much my sister. I appreciate that. Thank you. But I ate that word eloquently though. I ate that word out. We shouldn't be applauding none of this. Okay? None. Why aren't we applauding literacy? Yeah. People are supposed to be literate. Period. I clocked the literacy Now we come back, Dr. Lakeisha Hallman will be here. She has a new book called No One Is Self-Made, A Motivational Self-Help Guide with a Community Oriented Approach. So when we come back, we'll talk, we'll talk to Dr. Lakeisha Holman. Okay? It's The Breakfast Club. The Breakfast Club.


Morning everybody. It's DJ Envy, Jess, Hilarious Charlamagne, the guy. We are The Breakfast Club. We got a special guest in the building, Dr. Lakeisha Holman. She has a new book out now called No One Is Self-Made, build Your Village, the Flourish in Business and Life. Good morning, how are you doctor? I am wonderful. I'm happy to be here for a second time. Yes. So thank you all for having me back. I've been excited to have this conversation. I'm happy that you're here And I love the title of your book. This is what I be trying to tell people, man. We live in this era right now where everybody's always talking about, you know, I'm self-made. You know what Emini here, I did it myself. Nobody put me on, nobody helped me. That's a lie. There's no such thing. That's why I wrote the book, because it is profoundly untrue.


All of us who sitting here today, entrepreneurs across the country, anyone that we've lift up, even the people that we don't know, there have been a village of people that's supporting them. And so it was critical for me to write this book. But for me, it's a love letter to our community that we must return to community and also have the true stories of what success is and how we got there. When you say return to community And have those stories, what do you mean by that? Yeah, Emini here. One of the things that I write about in the book, particularly in chapter one, I write about individualism. I think individualism have been propped up in this country where we talk about the self-made woman, the self-made man. And the more that we lift up the individual, it takes us back from that collective, the group, the village that I write about and talk about, and my companies are built around.


It's, it is time sensitive that we return and get back to our togetherness and figure out how to work together, how to be tethered and to the place where we say that no one is going to separate us from our bigger purpose in doing good work together. Now when you, you, you moved to Atlanta in 2011. Yes. I think it was 20 11, 20 10 or 2011. And I, I was gonna ask you what brought you to Atlanta, but everything you're talking about Atlanta just feels like that the minute you land. Yes. Atlanta is so special. You were there this fast weekend. I was, yes. Atlanta is incredibly special. I remember when I first visited, I believe I was undergrad when, when I visited Atlanta And I hadn't experienced anything like it.


It was a sea of black excellence. You all have had killer Mike on it. Yo, that's my brother, love him. He lift him up and he often talks about the history of, of Atlanta coming there from Mississippi. I was blown away. I knew that it was upon my destiny to be in Atlanta, to grow in Atlanta. And it was that deep history, but also that deep communal sense. Can we talk about the myth of being self-made? Someone, I, I really just want to expound on that. That's the first chapter in your book. What is the myth of being self-made? Yeah, it is. Well, number one, it's untrue. I write about that for me to be able to sit here today, I am the product of my grandmother's prayers, their hard work, my grandfathers, my, my my parents, the team that I have running my companies, the my friend group, and my extended family.


I'm a product of all these people. So if I sit here and, and, and you all ask me about how my companies have been successful and if I'm only talking about myself, I'm lying to you. That's right. The, the true story is that we're village made and if we accept this title, we began to erase people that have been critical to us on our journeys. Even our first jobs, our first opportunities, they were building us to be who we are today. I look at these first opportunities as divine assignments that we were, we were planted in these experiences, but to take on the, the title of self-Made, we are erasing people and then they become hidden figures. And when we, when we sit for these interviews, we are telling a profound untruth.


But we're also telling people, in order to make it, you need to do it by yourself. I Wonder why we have that. Well, it's not, not we, but there's a lot of people who have that issue. You know what Emini here, who just have that issue of not wanting to give people credit like they want to just beat up. I did it myself. Nobody help me do that. Like, huh, I love assistance, please help me. I do too. And I write about, you know, in the book that I, I believe how we got here is because it's been propped up that anytime we've seen people reach a level of success, the first thing that the media calls them is self-made. And then we've also shunned people who've had support. When that you, you didn't work as hard because you're, you didn't, yeah, you didn't work as hard.


Somebody gave you something. But the reality is we are, we should be proud that we have been able to attract people in our lives that want to assist us, that want to help us. And so it's just really training our mindsets to really look at success differently. But I think it has been sensationalized, it's self-made notion and what it is deemed to be successful. This has been largely overplayed in the media because if a person, I write about all the titans in, in the book, the Tyler Periods of The World, but we often look at these people as self-made, they made it out of no way. But what I think is missing in the story is that what I believe the, the truth is that we are all self-determined people.


Self-determination and self-made are different. Self-determination means all the work that you've done, Lauren, to be where you are today. 'cause I've been following your journey. Thank you. You are thank you. You are divinely self-determined. You Charlemagne, all the work that you come, you done to be who you are. You are self-determined. No one gave you that, but God and the stick-to-it-ness is the thing that I think lifts us up. But what really propels us for is all the people that saw something in you, saw something in me, saw something in you, and they said, oh, it's something about them. I'm gonna do all that I can to make sure that they reached the pinnacle of their success and why it was important for me to write about support in that way.


Because I think we always, and we can get to a place where we say, I don't have this, I don't have that. This person in lookout for me.


Hey, What up y'all? It's DEJ Envy. The first few months of 2025 have been quite a year. Work deadlines, group chats, you can't escape. And your weird cousin's latest overshare. It's a lot. But here's some good news. You don't have to bring that stress into your car. The all new Nissan Murano is your piece on wheels, thanks to its available features. Imagine sliding into the relaxing, massaging seats that feel like they were made to melt your tensions. Taking the skyline views that let sunlight pour in and watches as your day brightens. I have a special playlist that always gets me right. And with the Bows premium sound system, you too can vibe like you're at your own private concert. Plus with your 64 color personalized lighting option, you can set the mood any way you want. Be it romantic, chill, or in a straight up do not disturb mode. Let the Nissan Murano be your oasis in a chaotic world because sometimes the greatest rush isn't rushing at all. Drive the all new Nissan Murano today, Panoramic moonroof, ambient lighting, bows and massaging. Leather appointed seats are optional features.


Hey fam, if you like me, you're thinking about how to level up in your career level. Maybe you're fresh outta college, just started in your field or even look at to switch things up and find your true calling. Whatever stage you're in, remember that this is your time to grow, to learn, and to build something that lasts. State Farm understands that early career development is key to long-term success. They've been a steady presence in our communities and they know that having the right support early on can make all the difference. State Farm is there to help you make smart moves and to help you get the coverage you need. We all know the journey to success is a marathon, not a sprint. It's about staying focused, staying grounded, and making sure you're protected every step of the way. Let's build our careers with confidence, knowing that State Farm is there to support us just like they've always been because like a good neighbor, State Farm is there. Find out more@stateforum.com.


It's true that some things change as we get older, but If you're a woman over 40 and you're dealing with insomnia, brain fog, moodiness, and weight gain, you don't have to accept it as just another part of aging. And with MIDI Health, you can help and stop pushing through it alone. The experts at MIDI understand that all these symptoms can be connected to the hormonal changes that happen around menopause. And MIDI can help you feel more like yourself. Again, many healthcare providers aren't trained to treat or even recognize menopause symptoms. MIDI clinicians are menopause experts. They're dedicated to providing safe, effective FDA approved solutions for dozens of hormonal symptoms, not just hot flashes. Most importantly, they're covered by insurance. 91% of MIDI patients get relief from symptoms within just two months. You deserve to feel great. Book your virtual visit today@joinmidi.com. That's join mi d i.com.


Hey, my name's Jay Shedi, and I'm the host of On Purpose. I just had a great conversation with Michelle Obama To whom much is given, much is expected. The guilt comes from mi doing enough me, Michelle Obama to say that to a therapist. So let's unpack that. Former First Lady, Michelle Obama, and someone who knows her best, her big brother Craig, will be hosting a Podcast called IMO. What have been your personal journeys with therapy? We need to be coached throughout our lives. My mom wanted us to be independent children, and she would always tell me, stop worrying about your sister. Having been the first lady of the entire country and representing the country in The World, I couldn't afford to have that kind of disdain. What would you say has been the most hardest recent test of fear? Listen to on Purpose with Jay Shetty on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts, But you also have all these other things.


So you do have a village. You may not have the village where you have everything that you need, but you do have a village of people pouring into you, and that is all that is what we need. You talked in this essence article that I read about, not saying yes to every invitation that you get as you're building community for a lot of people, spirit of discernment. But what's your breakdown of how you decide to say no to certain invitations? Yeah, it is, it is spiritual discernment. It's maturity. It's also me operating in abundance rather than scarcity. I think when we are in a, when, when we are in a scarcity mindset, we believe that we have to be in every single room. That we have to accept every invitation that we must say yes to everything.


Where I am in my life now and, and what I'm, what I'm hoping to empower, empower other people, is that we don't want all the yeses. We want the right yeses. And how I discern when the yes is right is is it aligned with my values? Is this opportunity aligned with the mission that I'm on? Will it take me off course? Will I have to divorce things that I believe in? Will I have to contour and change myself? If I'm saying yes to all those things, it's not the yes that I should take. And now I haven't always been at this place. I've had to grow to get here. My deep relationship with God has helped me be here. But I remember, And I write about managing the hard stuff in a book. I remember saying, saying yes, because I was afraid that if I didn't say yes to this opportunity, that I won't get it again.


But the timing of the opportunity was so wrong, and so I needed to say no. And so what I what I've learned about life is that sometimes the, the test and the assignment is will we say no to things when it's out of alignment? Will we have the discipline, the spiritual discipline to know that while this may sound good, but this is not, this is not what I should be doing, will we be strong in our faith, in our belief that our right yes. Is coming? Mm. And when I have done that, and, and again, I wasn't, it is very important for me to share because it's different when you've done the work and we can talk about these things, but I do remember what, what has awakening me is more so a spirit of abundance that I only want to be where I'm meant to grow.


Right? And I, I don't want to be in, in every room. I only wanna be in a room where I'm meant to be transformational. Not just to sit at a table, just to sit there. All right, we have more with Dr. Lakeisha Holman when we come back. She has a new book. No one is Self-Made, A motivational Self-help guide with a community-oriented approach rewrite the Rules of Business and Collective Support. It's out right now. We'll talk to her more. It's The Breakfast Club. Good morning. Morning everybody. It's d EJ NV Jess. Hilarious Charlamagne guy. We are The Breakfast Club. Lauren la is here as well. We're still kicking it with Dr. Lakeisha Key Holman, her new book. No One Is Self Made, is out right now. Lauren, What do you tell people though? 'cause you, you talked about the scarcity mindset and how you, it's hard for you to make those decisions.


What do you tell people who are in that scarcity place that just need to eat real quick? They can't walk away from that deal. They can't afford to. That is a very, very, very good question. Scarcity is a place of survival. So what I do have is a profound respect for people who are simply striving to survive. But the question would be, do you wanna eat something that's poisonous to you? Mm. You know, do, do you wanna accept things that is gonna actually change the makeup of who you are, that may com that may compromise you from your greatest self? Where, where we know in our greater selves and we operate in our higher selves, more is there. And so this is a question that is less tangible, but it's truly operating in faith that if I just be consistent, I continue to work hard, I continue to show up for myself, I continue to operate in with the spirit of discernment, then my opportunities are come, will, will come.


Will you have moments? Will you have moments where you may take a smaller contract because you need to eat? I don't have kids to take care of. And so I, I will never be in a place of, of saying that I fully, fully understand. But I'm in a place where I have a, a level of empathy. But I do know that we, while in a, in a space of striving to survive, we can still be very selective with the things that we say yes to. Right? I, I wanna talk about chapter eight. Support. Support is a verb. And in that chapter, you got a bunch of village verbs. Explain what a, a village verb is. Yeah. This, this whole book is, and, and why I'm so excited about it.


While I tell a bunch of entrepreneur stories, things that I've experienced, And I write about many luminaries from the past, and people presently who's doing the work, I, the, the anchor piece of this book is all about the village, all about community in the village verbs. When, when people close this book, I want people to do something. So village verbs is making sure that we participate in the voting process. Village verbs is making sure that we are buying local, that we are buying from black businesses. Village verbs is making sure that we are showing up for one another if we do not have action behind the things that we believe. Then I always ask people are, do you really love it?


Mm. Because if you love it, your action should follow. You have on a Black brand today, oh, that's my sister. Yeah, Milano do is my sister. Absolutely. Yes. I've been wearing her for years and years and years. Yeah. But, but what you are doing today is love and action. You, so you, you support her in a real way. You're on a syndicated radio show rocking her brand. That is what it's about. Charlamagne, I think about the, the, the number of things that I'm aware you probably do even more, but Black Effect Podcast, your imprint, all these things, you are putting people in rooms and putting people in position. And it's because you want your actions to look like things that you care about. You want people's lives to change, and not just for this generation, but next generation and next generation.


But you're not just saying these things. You are doing these things. That final chapter of Village Verbs is all about us doing the things that we say and getting put our action and love behind it. I always challenge our community that you may not be able to participate in 10 different things, but you need to find something that you're passionate about and put your love and your action there and our communities will change. I, I love it that the village verbs lock in, show up in connect, keep learning and hire, teach it, govern your words and listen intently, pivot, invest in your people and spend locally. Wow. Yeah. I love, we we talking about village and we're talking about community.


I know that you're on the state of the people power to my good sister, Angela R Can we talk about that a little bit? Oh my goodness. State of the people is, is powerful and what's powerful about what Angela and team has done, because she's, she's adamant that this is just not about her. It's The village. Absolutely. It's, it's the village. And that's the way that, you know, she, she was raised in coalition building, but in a few short week, intentional people decided that they were gonna do something. We are at a time where people feel hopeless, scared. And a small but mighty group of people said, not on my watch that I'm going to gather the people. That I'm going to make sure that a room is comprised of people that can give resources, people that can give hope, people that can give that direction.


And when you look left or right, you see people that look like you. And why I think say to the people is so important as they go to other cities, because history is determined by what you do. And when the history books are written, the history books are right, that a group of people decided to do something. And do I think people left state of the people feeling empowered? Absolutely. And then when state of the people comes to the, comes to other cities, I'm really encouraging people to make sure they attend because it is absolutely special. Absolutely. Yeah. Well, keep doing the work. Dr. Lakeisha Hallman, we appreciate you. And your new book is out right now. We'll get, tell 'em where to find you first of all. Yes. You can find me at Dr. Key Hallman on social platforms.


You can get the book of no one at self-made dot com, but from all major retailers, entrepreneurs, you will most definitely love this book, leaders in the Communities. You will love this book. It is very practical, written and prescriptive. What, I didn't say this, but what's special about the way that the chapters end? I have reflection questions and those reflection questions. By the time you finish the book, you have a whole plan on how to map out and build community in true teacher format. In true teacher format. You right, Lauren. The the funny thing is I think that you'll also realize you already have that community. Yes. You just haven't acknowledged them Miss such. That's good. That's what I, that's what I think. That's good. Dr.


Lakeisha Hallman, her new book, no One Itself Made Build Your Village to Flourish in Business and Life. Go get that right now. Thank you for joining us. Thank you. And thank you. It's The Breakfast Club. The Breakfast Club. Happy Wednesday. It's The World most dangerous morning show. The Breakfast Club Charlemagne and God, Jess, Hilarious Envy is out right now. But we got the latest with Lauren. Lauren becoming a straight face off she gets from somebody that knows Somebody. She gets into details. I'm the home girl that knows a little bit about Everything and She be having the latest on this, the latest with Lauren Osa sometimes, sometimes she have details, sometimes she have a little bit of everything. What, what's The latest On The Breakfast Club?


Talk to Me. Lauren Osa LL Cool Bay. Gotta say your full name. You know what Emini here, like the radio consultant say, you gotta say your full name, right? The f familiarize you to the audience. Mm Oh, Lauren, la Lauren, La can Just say Lauren, you Know, people still ask me if I'm Dominican. Don't nobody ask you what They do because they ever, I'd really be defending you. A lot of people, Lauren, don't start that. You know what I'm saying? No reason nobody does that. The la the la be really messing people up. Oh, you know what, no. Now that is true Win. And it's not Dominican. No, I ain't gonna lie. Then I was like, which, you know, one of fathers not one of your fault. Like maybe You, you don't even know our father. Us. Oh, first of all, I do my, my, oh, happy birthday dad. It was his birthday on the 27th. Which one? You don't remember yours, but you remember his, that's crazy.


No. 'cause you said just step dad. No. Which one your really, really good dad? My, my biological dad. Oh, not my, not my brother's dad. You still saying happy be birthday Sam? Yes. I talk to my dad. Y'all okay. And things better. Me, me and my dad talk. We have a good relationship. You know, it's just not strong. Stop You pressing. She might cry. It's just not okay. Yeah, I'm not crying. No. Okay. How Did I become the damn news? Alright, Go ahead. My bad. Do your thing. Do your thing. It was you, the me Them beads. It's not enough on them. These are pre man. Yeah, you need to pray some more. Your Shoulder is ashy. Could you just Talk? Oh my God, I don I leave your lips alone. If father came around, her shoulder wouldn't be ashy. Can't even offer your father a shoulder to lean on. Had shoulder.


It's just foggy. All right, tell Lauren, Speaking of fathers Diddy, he's a father. Okay? Yes he is. Yes, that is true. What else? What? Good segue. Thank you. Okay, so remember the other day we were talking about Diddy's new defenses And I would say how you Retaught it. Don't use that word. What? How he was saying that he was incapable of What? That's Oh my god. I agree. I'm about to make you stand on my leg and see the fer east side on for, because he's acting Up in here. Okay, what is it now? So we were talking about his defenses and we were talking about how he, his attorneys are alleging in documents that because he might've been under the influence of drugs and or alcohol, he wasn't capable of cognitively thinking through anything.


So he shouldn't be held responsible. And we were talking about how dumb of a defense that is. Because number one, that means something still possibly allegedly happened. Number two, that means that there were drugs and alcohol involved, which is what they were claiming in the first place, right? Yes. Now I actually was able to obtain the full document, which is the filing that this exclusive was broke from. And I read through the documents and my opinion has changed. I don't think it's as dumb as of a defense. Will it work? Okay? Because what the document and what the filing and what their Diddy's legal team's focus is, is intent. First of all, in a criminal case, the burden of proof is on the prosecutors, right? So they have to prove way more than Diddy has to prove. Secondly, when you talk about intent, intent means that there has to be like a specific, like malice or like, you know, I was doing this on purpose, I thought about it.


I, all of that stuff. If he is under the influence, allegedly, right? And they can prove at however way, which I think would be the issue, that he was under the influence of drugs or alcohol because he was just partying, having a good time and whatever happened. But there was no, like, he, he's in the space of this is just a good time. We're having, we're we're drinking, we're doing this, we're doing that. Yeah. I don't have an ill intent, right? Ill intent to do anything if something, A freaky person, like If something happened during that, allegedly, if something happened during that time, it happened. But my intent was to just to, you know, get allegedly high or drunk and have a good time. That's interest. Interesting. 'cause I wonder what's more important in a situation like that, the intention or the impact? Because even if your intention wasn't to do something, like say you're under the influence, but then you kill somebody, right?


So I could I use that as an excuse? Well, People try to do that. Yeah. Like when people, like if you ask, like with car accidents, when people pass away, like you don't intend to get in your car and kill anybody. That's so then it's manslaughter as as as opposed to homicide. Exactly. That's why I'm saying I don't know how well it'll work, but it's not as stupid as I thought that it was. But the issue will be they have this doctor coming in who there's no way at the time he had examined Puff and was able to be like, yep, you know what? He's completely under the influence of whatever. So how do you prove that that what they're saying? Actually, did The doctor do rectal exams on all the male victims though? That's what people really need to see what the hell is going on? And I'm gonna tell you something else. I have no idea what the hell did he's even charged with anymore.


Yeah, exactly. I thought I knew in the, The beginning. That's why was like, But they flooded the zone so much with so much information. I don't even know what he's, what he's being tried for. He Don't know either. And, and that's, that's the crazy thing. That's crazy because even, even Lord Dirk is about to go like to court to try to like come home. Got do with this. Why? I'm just saying because Diddy the only one that's staying inside. Oh, okay. You know what I'm saying? Okay. He the only one that's staying. So it gotta be something that they're not telling us or something that's not leaking or it's something Something was leaking. He's ke Yeah, but we haven't gotten to the nitty gritty of why he hasn't been able to come home. Like It's a rocketeer conspiracy. It's sex trafficking by forced fraud or coercion transportation to engage in prostitution.


Yeah. I Forgot about all that. Yeah. But I know that there was a, there was a forced labor charge that was added at one point. Forced Labor. He had slaves, But they, the judge were they the, Sorry, sorry. Just A judge ruled that they can't, that's crazy that they, they, they can't use that. But they did rule that, that that Cassie video can be admitted as as evidence. But I did wanna come back with that after I read the document. But I thought he Wasn't charged for the Cassie video. He's not. He's not. But they are, they're asking if, if they can use that as evidence. And what they'll probably try to do, because Cassie will have to take the stand, is they'll try to basically paint the picture of just how much of a, I don't care about anything monster. He is like, they did my, they alleged him to be like, they tried what they did with the bell, with the bond, which is why he still Did. He said that video was edited.


Remember he said that? Yeah. Remember that's his team tried to go that way with it. Like that was edited. Yeah. And the prosecutors came out and said, no, we have a recorded version of the full video. But crazy. Yeah. Just tell me what happens. I got you. I'm gonna be, I'm going, You coming with me? I'm, I'm gonna go with you. I'm gonna go with you. I need to get to the bottom of this too. But listen, I have a story that I wanna break too. Executive producer of baddies on Wills accuses Roland Ray of ghosting her after payment. What The hell is baddies on Wheels? Bad's On wheels. So, you know the wheelchair people, people that are in wheelchairs, right? And they, they can still be bad. So they're baddies on wheels. Gotcha. And they have a show on Zeus and on on, no, no, I don't think this is on Zeus. I don't think, I don't know. I need you to reach out to see where it's at.


Okay. But So it's handicapped people basically? Yes. Handicapped people. Handicap hotties. Yep. Handicap hotties. Gotcha. Got you. Gotcha. Now, Roland Ray, you don't know Roland Ray, do you? Yeah, I know Roland Ray. Okay. Yes. Roland Ray was supposed to be on, he's supposed to do something with her and after they sent him payment, he ghosted them. Now Roland Ray is known for doing this all around dc Lemme Just say that right there. But he did this to an executive producer of Betty's on Wheels. That is crazy. He ran off with somebody money. But how can you not catch? He did somebody in a wheelchair? No, no he didn't. That's no, he didn't stop. Alright. Well, he rolled off with somebody money. Okay, but how can't you just like, run down on him? It's like, why y'all acting like it's so hard? Because you stop to go get your money from this man. All you gotta do is cut the brake on the damn wheelchair.


You know, they'd be right on the Back. Was the other person in the wheelchair too? All The whole cast is in wheelchairs, but they not, they not rolling off of people money. It's just Ray. But the Producer, they're not. Is this an allegation or is this true? Girl? No, this is true. I Put this girl rolling Ray. No, this girl True. This, this is, this girl is for real. She's an executive producer. She is in shambles. She was so upset. She reached out to you? No, she, she didn't reach out to me. Oh no. She reached out to somebody on my team. I met Roland Ray when I exec there was a catfish back in the day on MTV? Yes. A Catfish spinoff called Trolls. It was rolling Ray. So that's where he was first Introduced. Ray was a, I don't remember if he was a Nicki fan or a Chem fan when he was going against somebody who was a either a Nicki fan or Chem fan.


I forgot whose side was on him. I don know. But yeah, he was, they was going back and forth And I remember he spit, I don't know if he spit on me or spit He spit. Oh, I just remember by mistake, because you know his list. Oh, no, no, no. He is way worse than yours. So it's Like he, he meant to do it. Oh my. I don I don I don't remember the whole thing. I don't, I don't remember. I think it's on Pressure TV Network. Okay. Yeah. From, I knew it wasn't on serious, but yes, he rolled off with their money And I just feel like, how, how, how did y'all like this happen? Y'all act like y'all can't just catch up with him. And Is she taking legal action? She is. She definitely is taking legal action. But I, Or dropping a clues bomb for the handicap Hot. What's your, No, it's not Baddies On Wheels. Oh, bat.


Okay. Baddies on Wheels. All right. Okay. Yes. All right. Make sure you watch Baddies on Wheels, whatever. You can watch Badies. Yeah. And Roland Ray. Give all that money back. Ride around there and give that money back. DJ Vy is coming up with the Thank you Lauren for the latest with Lauren. And then thank you just for your mess. Okay. And we'll be back to People's Choice. Mixes up next. Checking out The Breakfast Club. Good morning. It is not DJ Envy, it's your girl Jess. Hilarious. DJ Envy not here 'cause he's selling his little book or whatever with his wife and Charlamagne over there. So what's Up? How are you Jess? You got shows this weekend? Yeah. Don't ever ask me how I am. Is we about, I've been sitting here for three hours.


You like How, you know, we would turn the mic on. I think I'm warming up here. Okay. You got shows this weekend? Yeah. No, I don't have shows this weekend. But next weekend for Mother's Day I will be in Detroit. I will be at one Mike Comedy Club. We got three shows. One at 11:00 AM that's a brunch, one at 7:00 PM and the late night show at 9:30 PM Bring your moms, your aunts, your sisters guys, treat them to submerge. We gonna have, I'm doing meet and greet after the late night show, so get your tickets for that. If you have not yet, ja our official.com And I will see you there, Detroit. Listen, you know what I want to tell people too, and if you're looking for a good Mother's Day gift, man, Nicole Avon put out a book called Think You'll Be Happy.


And it's mo it's about moving through grief with gr grit, grace, and gratitude. And it's literally about, you know, her mother, you know, a queen, queen, Jackie, Jackie, Avon. You know, she, she was tragically taken away from us And I just think that's a good Mother's Day gift. 'cause it really just makes you, you know, appreciate if your mother is still here. Yeah, for sure. You know what, Emini here, like it's a good tribute to a mother And I think that is a good, a good, good Mother's Day gift for folks to get because I don't think people ever really know what to get their mama on Mother's Day. They just wanna take 'em to Red Lobster. You know what, Emini here. I know. Golden Crowd. Nope. Nope. I'm giving my mother a bridal shower. Really? Because my mother actually is, she's already married, but she's having her wedding this year and June and she's having her dream wedding.


And so I'm Hey Miss Robin, I'm actually gifting her with a bridal shower. Okay. Yeah. That's what you're doing This weekend? That's No, no, no. I'm not doing it this weekend. I'm actually doing that another week. But that's, that's her Mother's Day gift. Dope. Yeah, Yeah, yeah, for Sure. Dope, dope, dope. And what's the positive note? I Got a positive note, but I also want to tell people, make sure you go out there and pre-order Don Staley's book. Okay. It is called Uncommon Favor. It will be out May 20th in bookstores everywhere. But you can pre-order the Icon Living Don Staley's book right now. It's coming out on my book in print Black Privilege Publishing with Simon and Schuster. Okay. Okay. Wait a minute. Hold on. What is the name of her book? Uncommon Favor Show. Ain't no subtitle. Oh, she got a subtitle. Oh, Because I was ready to say, hold on.


They you wanna hit a sub? They didn't Require her to have one. Hush. Ja, you talking too much? Alright, right now what? Okay, What is, it's only thing that you're not supposed to say yet, but Uncommon Favor is called Uncommon Favor Basketball North Philly. My mother and the life lessons I learned from all three. It's the whole damn table of contents, huh? All right. Jess hates long subtitles. Yes, but I'm telling her you need the long subtitles because the long subtitles, just tell people what the book is about. Okay? Yes, that's it. Thank you. That's it. But the positive note is simply this, happiness is an attitude. We either make ourselves miserable or happy and strong, but the amount of work is the same.


So you might as well choose happiness. Have a great day. Breakfast Club Bitches. We gonna finish or y'all done?


It's true that some things change as we get older, but if you're a woman over 40 and you're dealing with insomnia, brain fog, moodiness, and weight gain, you don't have to accept it as just another part of aging. And with MIDI Health, you can get help and stop pushing through it alone. The experts at MIDI understand that all these symptoms can be connected to the hormonal changes that happen around menopause. And MIDI can help you feel more like yourself. Again, many healthcare providers aren't trained to treat or even recognize menopause symptoms. MIDI clinicians are menopause experts. They're dedicated to providing safe, effective FDA approved solutions for dozens of hormonal symptoms, not just hot flashes. Most importantly, they're covered by insurance. 91% of MIDI patients get relief from symptoms within just two months. You deserve to feel great. Book your virtual visit today@joinmidi.com. That's join mi d.com.


And the dream season is now complete. The Golden State Warriors of the 2015 NBA Champion on the new limited podcast series dubbed Dynasty. It's been 10 years since their shocking run to a championship. We examined the controversial move that made it possible. It's Never a great conversation as a player when you hear that you're being benched For the entire behind the scenes story of Golden State's. Incredible 10 year run. Listen to Dub Dynasty on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts.


Hey kids, it's me, Kevin Smith, and it's me, Harley Quinn Smith. That's my daughter, man, who my wife has always said is just a Beardless Dickless version of me. And that's the name of our podcast. Beardless was me. I'm the old one. I'm the young one. And every week we try to make each other laugh really hard. Sounds innocent, doesn't it? Lot of cussing, a lot of bad language. It's for adults only. Or listen to it with your kid. Could be a family show. We're not quite sure. We're still figuring it out. It's a work in progress. Listen to Beardless List me on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts.


Hi, I'm Sam Mullins and I've got a new podcast coming out called Go Boy. The gritty true story of how one man fought his way out of some of the darkest places imaginable. Roger Caron was 16 when first convicted has Spent 24 of those years in jail. But when Roger Caron picked up a pen and paper, he went from an excon to a literary darling from Campsite Media and iHeart Podcasts. Listened to go boy on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts.