
Hi listeners. It's Emily Tisch Sussman, host of the podcast. She pivots this March. We're honoring Women's History Month with episodes from Powerhouse governor Gretchen Whitmer. I fell in love with public policy, and that's kind of when I pivoted. Then later we dive into the rise of women's sports by hearing how sports investor Carolyn Tisch Lodge is shaping the industry. Come join us and listen to She Pivots on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts.


What would you do if mysterious drones appeared over your hometown? I started asking questions, what do you remember happening on that night of December 16th? It actually rotated around our house looking as if it was tearing in each window of our home. I'm Gabe Lenner from Imagine iHeartPodcasts and Len's Entertainment. Listen to obscure em, invasion of the Drones, wherever you get your favorite podcasts.


Do you remember what you said the first night I came over here? Ow goes lower from Blumhouse tv, iHeartPodcasts and Ember 20 comes an all new fictional comedy podcast series. Join the flighty Damien Hurst to see unravels the mystery of his vanish boyfriend. I've been spending all my time looking for answers about what happened to Santi and what's the way to find a missing person. Let's sleep with everyone he knew. Obviously. Listen to the hookup on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you listen to your favorite shows.


Welcome To My legacy. I'm Martin Luther King ii, and together with my wife Andrea Waters King and our dear friends, mark and Craig Kilburg. We explore the personal journeys that shape extraordinary lives. Join us for heartfelt conversations with remarkable guests like David Aho, Mel Robbins, Martin Sheen, Dr. Sanjay Gupta, and Billy Porter. Listen To my legacy on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts.


This is my legacy. Good morning. USA Yo. Yo. Yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo, yo yo. Jess. Hilarious. Good morning. Charlemagne is running a little late and it's Thursday. Hey, how you feeling, Jess? I Feel good. I feel good. Yo, look, so I didn't know black people actually got sunburn, right? Absolutely. I was McMan And I know the light skins, dude. You know, ain't much smelling them over there with y'all. But yo, look, so I'm making jokes cracking on Chris the whole time. 'cause yo, he was real bad sunburn. He still is. Yo, it hurt for him to shower, hurt for him to rub himself down anything. Right? So I wake up this morning, I'm peeling on my nose, I'm peeling on my shoulders.


I'm like, yo, I'm supposed to be black. What happened? That sunburn hits you, boy, It sure did. It sure did. Now it, it hits lighter tones. Absolutely much worse. Yes. But I definitely got a little bit of that And I was like, damn, I'm doing all this making fun of light skinned people and yo, I'm burnt up myself. And then When it hits your back and you gotta gotta put your shirt on on your back. What? Jesus. Yeah. So I've been, so Chris been struggling with that. I've been trying to help him out. Yo, he said it hurts. See, that's, that's one thing. Salute to my wife, G She's heavy into skin stuff. Yeah. Yeah. So she'd be like, you need SPF 70 to block you from the sun rain lying and this, that, and the other. And I'd be like, nah, I want a little tent. She'd be like, yeah, when you, when you become 50 or 60, you gonna wish you didn't have that tan. When you look like a wrinkle pro, I'd be like, Jesus, Yes.


It's gonna mess up your skin in the long run trying to tan your, it's not good. Yeah. So that's why white people age like bananas. I'm telling you. They be out there tanning. I'm like, oh man, y'all, y'all trying to crucify yourself. So La last night I went out, right. SLU to my daughter's boyfriend was his birthday. So we went out. Hey. And when you hear older people and grown people choke and die, you be like, how the hell they die? Yeah. Last night I'm eating lamb, lamb chop, And I get a lamb chop stuck in my throat. Oh, wow. Yo, when I say I thought I, I'm like, I'm asking for water, I'm drinking. I'm, I'm trying to get every, I had to go to the bathroom and make myself Yeah. Throw up, Throw up to get it Out. Oh my God. And I was like, this is how grown people, yeah.


Passing away by eating food like that. That Was a scary moment, wasn't it? What? My eyes are watery. They looking at me. They don't know what's going on. I'm trying to drink. I'm like, I gotta get somebody to give a heim lick. Now I'm run to the Yeah. It was, it was Crazy. Damn. Yo, I imagine fi swallowing a fishbone. You also be feeling like you ready to. Yep. But you know, that's, that's the reason I why I don't eat fish. I don't eat fish with bones. Oh, for real. Nope. I had a bone stuck in my throat one time. See? Yo traumatized. Absolutely. Me too. Traumatized. All. Well, let's get the show cracking. Dr. West Bellamy and BDot will be joining us this morning. They're doing something very special. You know, we always talk about having our own and they are creating their own basketball tournament. So if you say, well, what, what, what do you mean your own basketball tournament?


So you know how they have like the CIAA and and March Madness. So they're creating their own basketball tournament for HBCU. So that's going down March 20 to the 23rd in North Carolina, the Bojangles Coliseum out in North Carolina. I'm actually doing a bunch of shows out there. I'm just excited. That's in Charlotte, right? In Charlotte? Yeah. Yeah. That's amazing. I'm excited. 'cause we need to start having our own and yeah, they don't really show HBC on television to games. Yeah. We need to support more of the HBCU games 'cause they gonna need butts in the seats. So we gonna be talking to them a little bit. And then of course we got Jess, fix my mess. So if you're having any type of issues, relationship problems or anything like that, Jess will help you out. All right. We got front page news when we come back. I'm Sean Charlemagne to be here in a minute, Mr. The Breakfast Club. Good morning. Morning everybody.


It's Steve j Envy. Jess, Hilarious. Charlemagne the guy. We are The Breakfast Club. Let's get in some front page news just quickly in some quick sports. Congratulations to Giannis. Giannis becomes the 52nd NBA player to reach 20,000 career points. So salute to everybody out in Milwaukee. All right, good morning, Morgan. Good morning DJ Envy And I, the Charlemagne guy. I don't know, I'm sure he'll be in soon. And Jess, Hilarious. How y'all feeling? How? Hey girl. Good. Alright y'all. So top of the headlines, there's a lot developing following President Trump's joint address to Congress on Tuesday, including negotiations with Hamas, an update on tariffs and a redown on the Democrats. So let's get into it.


The White House confirms it is holding direct talks with Hamas over the release of US hostages. Press secretary Caroline Levitt said, president Trump's belief, president Trump believes the talks are a part of good faith effort to do what's right for the American people. The Palestinian Palestinian militant group is designated a terrorist organization by the US and traditionally, you guys have always heard the US does not negotiate with terrorists. Well, Levit went on to say that Israel has been consulted about the talks. This comes as a six week ceasefire between Israel and Hamas. Expired last weekend, of course, in recent remarks about the Russian Ukraine war, president Trump did say, in order to negotiate peace, you have to talk to both sides. So in in other news, there's an update on tariffs.


Automakers are getting a one month exemption from tariffs on goods from Canada and Mexico. Press Secretary Caroline Levitt said President Trump spoke to the big three automakers yesterday and she detailed how the exemption happened. So let's take a listen to White House press, Arial on auto tariffs. So the three companies that he spoke to are Stellantis Ford and General Motors. They requested the call. They may be asked and the president is happy to do it. It's a one month exemption. Yeah. I wonder how that works for, for outside companies. You know, there's a lot of them, whether it's Chevy, Ford, g Buick, Cadillac, Chrysler, Dodge, general Motors, Tesla, even now. But they're saying like some companies like Honda and Hyundai, which they are not from here, but they have factories here that actually build cars in America.


So I wonder how that affects them as well. It might cancel out because, you know, there's also the reciprocal tariffs that are still gonna go in effect on, on April 2nd. So I'm not sure, but the Anderson economic group said the vehicle prices are projected to jump between 4,000 and $12,000 due to these tariffs. So, Well, I I will tell you that if that does happen, the, the federal government's gonna have to help these automakers out. Again. If you look at any lot right now, there's a lot of cars and a lot people can't afford these cars. They're, they're damn near giving these cars away because people can't afford 'em. Interest rates are high. So if, if they charge even more for cars, it's gonna be even more cars on those lots. And, and the federal government's gonna have to help 'em out again. Yes, it's true. Okay, so moving right along, the White House and GOP leaders are slamming Democrats for their actions during Trump's joint address to Congress.


Levit again called out Dems for not standing up and clapping for certain feelgood topics, calling their behavior shameful. And house speaker Mike Johnson said, Congressman Al Green will likely face punishment for heckling the president. Let's hear those comments from House Speaker Mike Johnson. We escorted him off the floor. He couldn't behave himself. It's quite shameful. It, it brought shame on. I'm sure his constituents are not proud of that tonight, but I suspect that there'll be a censure resolution brought on the floor to discipline him. We have to do that inside the house. We have to maintain the quorum. It was really quite a spectacle, you know, and if they're gonna use a, a, a 77-year-old heckling congressman as the face of their resistance, then bring it on. But we're not gonna tolerate that on the house floor.


And I don't think the American people are gonna tolerate that either. Ooh. So just a central resolution, just for the record, is a formal punishment for such actions like heckling and things of that nature. It's kind of like getting a written referral from a teacher except this it's Congress. And the interesting fact about this, I wonder if Speaker Johnson will keep that same energy with his chief of staff, Hayden Haynes, who was recently arrested, cited and released after being charged with A DUI on the same night on Capitol Hill. He is set to have his day in court, but in the meantime, speaker Johnson said he's going to stick beside him and allow Haynes to continue leading the speaker's office. So police say that Haynes actually backed into a Capitol vehicle around midnight.


He was arrested but released with a citation to appear in court. So yeah, I'll keep you guys posted on what happens in regards to that situation. Any thoughts on those stories? No, I do understand. You know, everybody has the right, they can boycott, they can walk out, they can do what they want to do, but it, it has to get to a point where we have to get on a common ground. Right? We have to, to see eye to eye on certain things because it's not hurting anybody else but the regular person, right? The, if the Democrats look at one thing one way and the Republicans look at it one way, but if we don't see some type of common ground, it's just gonna hurt us even more and more and more. We have to figure out how we can work with each other. How, you know, we're not gonna agree on everything, but I just feel like this stance that we're doing is just making things worse. And, and it's, it's what, what, what Charmin always says, the gap between the have and have nots is just, is is increasing and increasing and increasing.


And I get it. There's so many things that we don't, we disagree with, but there's a lot of things we do agree with, like the prices of food that's rising today. I heard that rent is at an all time high and we're talking about all these things and people are losing their jobs. People can't afford it. We have to get back to a place where we can sit at a table and have a conversation and try to do what's best for the American people and not just what is is best for each other's pockets, you know? Yeah, well said envy. In fact, I And I, yeah, Emini here. You, you said it. So that's your front page news for 6:00 AM at 7:00 AM We'll talk about the purse strings that Congress holds and how Elon Musk has to respect that. And the other topic is sanctuary cities. Things got a little heated on the house floor with that topic.


So we'll talk about that at seven. Alright, everybody else get it off your chest. 805 8 5 1 0 5 1 if you need to vent. Phone lines are wide open again, (800) 585-1051. Phone lines are wide open. Get it off your chest. It's The Breakfast Club. Good morning. The Breakfast Club. Is it your time to get it off your chest? Whether you're mad or blessed, I hate the way that you walk, the way that you talk. I hate the way that you dress. Everything with near is blessed. Call up next (800) 585-1051. Not just Me, I'm with the coach of feeling. Hello. Who's this? What's going on man? My name is super trucker man. I'm out of east of North Carolina, man.


I'm a truck driver. What's up? Super trucker. How you feeling this morning, Man? I'm good man. I'm out here shifting gears, making that black smoke come out to fight. Okay. All right. What you transporting? I do flatbeds. I'm hauling building materials right now. Okay. All right. Well be safe on them roads, brother. Yo man, I just wanna know, man. Y'all got love for truckers man. You damn right. I got love for truckers. You know me hear that. I know you do, Jesse. Hey look, I got a song called Truck of Love, man. So y'all get a chance. Check it out. It's on YouTube. You still got love for truckers, Jesse. You knew he was going. I blow, blow that on for us, brother. I got you Right. Man, that be safe for them Road brother.


Thank you. Hello? Who's this? Yo, what's up Vy? What's up brother? What's up Jess? How y'all doing? What's up baby? Good, Good. What's going on? Get it off your chest. Yo. I'm mad at my brother James. What's your brother do? He Yo he set me up. I'm sick. You last night not feeling well. I'm at home and he to lied to his wife, telling her that he was hanging out with me all night and he wasn't. Oh man, he ain't tell you that you was part of the lie. He ain't tell me because I was dead to The World and my, he, his wife called my wife. Oh. Asking her was he, was he with me? Oh man.


What's your wife say? Yo? She blew his spot up like hell no. You wanna see the cameras? Damn. Damn. She blew him up and she, and he's calling me up, told about, yo, you supposed to help me out. Like, yo, you should have told me first. I hate When somebody make you a part of the lie, but don't tell you about the lie. Like damn Now, now he mad because he say that I'm the reason why his wife is, is putting him out now he wants to come and stay at my house. Oh, hell no you not the reasoning your wife ain't gonna let him stay. Your wife ain't gonna let no cheating stay at at the house. I'm sending him over to you. Envy. Definitely not sending him over to me. I got a couple of dogs that'll make sure he stay out.


I hear that. Envy yo Envy when you throw another mix tape out, man, come on. Stop playing. You Be rapping. You talking about a DJ mix tape, Jesse. I Okay, Justin, you be rapping. You, you ain't gonna get that in a while bro. I, you know, I I it ain't gonna happen bro. Ah, come on Envy. It ain't gonna happen. These artists, these artists a lot different man. But back then I would say the artist really respected the DJ and really loved the DJ with mixes. Ask artist for something and they would be happy to do it. Glad to do it. But now I ain't playing a politics game, bro. Yeah, Yeah, I know what you and Red Cafe man. Yeah. Shout the ring. Peace. All right, brother. Well you have a good one man. Peace Vy. All right brother, get it off your chest.


805 8 5 1 0 5 1 If you need to vent, phone lines are wide open. It's The Breakfast Club. Good morning. The Breakfast Club. Wake up. Wake up Your time to get it off your chest. We wanna hear from you on The Breakfast Club. Hello. Who's this? Good morning. This is the super driver's day. I called you guys on Monday. Hey, what's up mama? Get it off your chest. What's up? So I remember I called you guys on Monday And I told y'all that they towed my car. So I had gave my cash app. Yes. And a lot of people sent me money to help me get my car back out and I'm so thankful. So I just wanted to shout out to everyone that that's what's up.


Heard me and everyone that contributed because I was able to get my car out Tuesday night when I got off of work. So I wanted to shout them out And I wanted to thank you guys for the opportunity for this because this is like a big huge family from all over The World. We don't even know each other. Everybody just be showing love and support. That's Well I'm glad we, I'm glad you got your car out. Yes, thank you. And I know Lauren had mentioned Cynthia, the the Wicked lady. Yes. When she was talking about, I think it was like the Oscars When she was singing. Yeah, I seen, yeah, I seen on TikTok the other day. It was a Nigerian comedian. I forgot his name exactly, but he was really pissed off with Cynthia.


He said that she made a comment, a bad comment about like African Americans and apparently everybody is in the uproar about the comment that she made. And she's supposed to be playing like Harriet Tubman in the upcoming movie. I didn't get a chance to do a deep dive into it, but I know just in Lauren b they be getting all the tea and stuff. So I wanted to give them that so maybe they could like do some research and find out what she said because the peoples are upset. Yeah, I seen something like that. I, I don't know exactly what it is, but we gonna have Lauren reach out so we can get this. Yeah. I was like, oh this is some p because I had no idea. Well have a good one mama. Thank y'all. And thank you guys again for the opportunity. Good One. I'm glad you got your car all mama.


Well get it off your chest. 805 8 5 1 0 5 1. We got the rumors coming up. What we talking about? Man, Amber, Rose and Jocelyn and took it to a new level. Now, you know they, they was fighting back in college. Right. But, but Amber Rose said it was for something different that we ain't even know about. So now she accusing, you know, sexual assault lawyers coming out. We going, we going we gonna break it down here. Wow. We gonna get into Did you call your sauce Jocelyn and see if it's true. But that's your girl. I know. That's my girl. Yo. I Know, I know. I ain't Call her yet. You ain't call her. Alright. Not yet. All right, we'll get into that. Next. It's The Breakfast Club. Good morning. The Breakfast Club Morning everybody. It's D-E-J-N-V Jess. Hilarious Charlamagne. The guy we are. That's Chris Brown on his right.


Yeah. Hey, I wonder how many, how much of black radio Chris Brown makes up for. There gotta be a lot percentage wise. Chris Brown on every song he on song. It's either his song or he featured on something. Yeah. Chris, when you went an RB hook and you wanted to make a radio Yeah, everybody calls Chris. Yeah, because remember back in the day it was like the, you know, Ja rule had that, you hear a lot of Pharrell on the radio. Ashanti at one point Point Ashanti had it. Yeah, At one point it was T Payne too. T TNE was on everything. Definitely. There was Drake for a minute. Drake for a long time. A hundred percent. Chris. Chris, I can't live without Chris though. Emini here. Yeah, I think you right. Well let's get to the rumors On The Breakfast Club. She's the coach.


Lauren. Lauren Osa And I got the mess. Talk to me, talk to me about my friend. 'cause you know, Jocelyn is my friend. I need to know what's going on. I Didn't know which, which side of the Oh yeah, I didn't know that you and Jocelyn was some girls. That's My, they hang out. They allowed to go to the strip club. Yeah, I did. I Did. I did know that. I did know that. That's my boo. Well, okay. Okay. So right now Jocelyn and Amber Rose are, they're having a little back and forth again. So just to, just to update, not update you, but bring everybody up to speed. They were on college tour together. They got in that huge fight in The classroom or whatever. Huh? In the classroom? Yeah, in the classroom now. So following this, Amber Rose sat down with Shannon Sharp on Clubb Shaha.


So when she, and, and of course club, she, she picks up pretty big. Yeah. Now, when she sat down with Shannon Sharp on Club Shaha, she talked about a few things. She did go into Jocelyn. But one of the, the things that she also talked about too, I gotta make a segue just because I need this certain audio to sign in. Yeah. Okay. So before we get to Jocelyn, I wanna talk about the Slut walk stuff. So you guys remember Amber Rose supporting Donald Trump? People were like, not Miss Slut walk. Of course. How you gonna come out? You're supposed to be so pro women. Yeah. And she didn't really, like, she kind of bantered the back and forth about it, but she didn't really, so she explained to Shannon Sharp why she took that hard left turn and stopped doing the slut walk. Let's take a listen. Do you think sometime women actually try to get pregnant from men? Yes. Yes. That's a real thing. What?


Yes. Try to, I've Had girlfriends lie about abortions to get money to get to act like they're pregnant. Yes. It's disgusting. This is why I stopped my slut walk, by the way. Yeah. This is why I'm no longer a feminist. Okay. Because I saw the dark side of what women can do and I'm sitting here feeling slighted by men. Right. And then I'm, I'm fighting for equality. Right. And I'm like, the only equality is that you ain't either. You Re crazy. Did he mean do women try to trap men? That's what he meant. Yeah. Okay. That's what he, So, so in con in context, they were having a conversation about, you know, just like women having babies with men of, of, of money, of of certain money status.


Yeah. And like, should the men have to take care of her and things of that nature. But I thought that that was an interesting point because I'd never heard her basically come out and say like, yo, here's why. And I think a lot of people have backed away from the believe all women and things of that nature because of what Amber Rose is saying. Now, when we talk about Emini here, it's called a slut walk though. Emini here, you know? Yeah. Well, right. Why you say that? It's What is a slut Emini here? What is a slut? You don't remember this anymore. You're fighting for equality for sluts. But when we do some sluttish, it's like, you guys are bad. What do you mean? Well, that whole feminist argument, I think a lot of people will, they'll say, well, you should have the right to be able to be a slut. A Slut. Oh, okay. Yeah. But she stopped it because things was getting too slutty.


Go ahead Lauren. Go ahead Lauren. Emini here. The definition of slut is a woman who has too many casual sexual parts. Crazy. Yeah. Look, go ahead. All I'm saying is we moving forward, we still having this conversation about, And I never understood that. 'cause I wouldn't want my daughter to be a slut. Not forever be like, Hey, don't I want you to be, but they took the power out of the word guys. Yeah, That's exactly what it is. Oh my God. Started. I Know you don't. I know you Don't. Marching for the slut. Whoa. We, we talking about things getting a little crazy, a little slutty. Um-huh. Or not because we don't really know what happened. So let's go back to what we first started out with. So on this actual interview as well, Amber Rose talked about what actually happened with her and Jocelyn. Like why the whole fight started? Let's take a listen to that.


Jocelyn and Hernandez fight. You guys make up. No. Tell us how you really feel Forever. Kurt, she's an ignorant And I don't think about her, but I just don't like her. I, there's no reason to Forgive her. What, what led to this? Why, why was it like this? Why, how did it become so contentious? Jocelyn Hernandez was trying to have sex with me the whole time I was on College Hill. She was in my ear thank him. She was saying, just gimme a chance one time. You know? But if you cool with it, we can do it in front of my husband. But if not, like it could just be me and you. And at first I was nice And I said I'm flattered. It's just not my thing. Right?


Mm. So what did Me Too movement for Hurting Child, the Me Too movement. Only work on me. Listen, no. So look, that's where it's going. That's why I'm like, this is getting crazy. Okay, so then after this, so that video clip went crazy, right? People are like, wait, so basically like Jocelyn was trying to force herself on you. And so now we get it. We understand why you were so upset and blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, right? So then Jocelyn goes to her Instagram and she says she's been a victim of sexual abuse at a young age. And she know, she knows how scared a girl in a woman's how sacred a girl in a woman's body are. She says she does not condone any sexual misconduct. She's a mother. She's a wife. She's in disbelief. Disbelief that she even had to write this because of her own mental health. She's never in her life tried to pursue or go after any young lady or or woman in her life.


And she says to all the blogs and a fake journalist, please, I ask that before you let someone come on your platform to say anything about another individual, please fact check. It is someone's life you are playing with. I normally don't say anything or write anything, but this is too serious for me to stay quiet until I get vindication. You can hear this from me. That never happened. It will never, it never will. This is defamation of my character and it will not go unseen. And I will not rest until I'm a hundred percent vindicated. She then mentioned that her lawyers are getting involved or are already involved. Go ahead. I said I understand what Jocelyn is saying, but you can't fact check a person beforehand because I don't know if that's a fact or not. That is Amber Rose's story. Like I don't know if that's a fact or not. How I'm supposed to tell Amber Rose, that didn't happen. That's not true. Well, Emini here, if you watch this season, And I thought it was more so because Emini here, it looks as if Jocelyn was always harping on her being a mixed woman and not claiming a black side.


You know what, Emini here? Yeah, yeah. But if it is coming out about, you know, all of this is about Jocelyn wanting To Have Sex With Her. Who was she trying to have sex with? Jocelyn. Like one of them sides gonna let me hit black side one. Oh, But, but who was Amber trying to have sex with? There's a lot of rumors going around about that show.


Have you ever wished for a change but weren't sure how to make it? Maybe you feel stuck in a job or a place or a relationship. Join me, Emily Tisch Sussman. Over on She Pivots where I explore the inspiring pivots of women. Dig deeper into the personal reasons behind them and leave you with the inspiration you need to make your next pivot. Every Wednesday I sit down with women like Kamala Harris, Vanessa Hudgens and armchair expert host Monica Padman. This March we are continuing to uplift women in honor of Women's History Month with episodes from powerhouse governor Gretchen Whitmer. I Fell in love with public policy and that's kind of when I pivoted. Then later we dive into the rise of women's sports to learn how leaders like sports investor Carolyn Tis Blodgett and former Gotham FC champion turned coach Michelle Betos are shaping the industry. Come join us and listen to She Pivots on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts.


Hey, what's up y'all? This is Eric Andre. Well, I made a podcast called Bombing about absolutely tanking on stage. I tell gnarly stories And I talk to friends about their worst moments of bombing in all sorts of ways. Bombing on stage, bombing in public bombing in life. Two, The time I talked to fashionista stylist, icon Queen of Mel Rose, about the time she got arrested on the TV series. Cops, Why are you on cops? So I'm in la this is when I first come to LA again and I'm here for a few years And I go, let me go buy some drugs on the Catton and Santa Monica Boulevard. There was the drug spot there. So there I go, I'm buying drugs. And then all of a sudden they're like, you're on cops. And I turn around. Oh, so you don't even know what? It's a microphone in my face and a camera. Oh God. Listen to bombing with Eric Andre on Will Ferrell's big Money Players Network on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts.


Call Me, call me with Eric Andre. Have you ever looked into the night sky and wondered who or what was flying around up there? We've seen planes, helicopters, hot air, balloons and birds. But what if there's something else? Something much more ominous that appears under the cover of night, silent, unseen watching. They may be right above your car late one night as you cruise down the road or look like mysterious lights hovering above your home. Drones. Or are they, We used the word drone because it was comfortable to other people.


One minute it was there and one minute It wasn't. Oh, that is beyond Creepy. Do you feel like this drone was targeting you specifically? Yes, absolutely. Listen to obscure invasion of the drones on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts.


This is John Cameron Mitchell and my new fiction podcast series, cancellation Island Stars Holly Hunter as Karen, a wellness influencer who launches a rehab for the recently canceled in the future. We will all be canceled for 15 minutes. But don't worry, we'll take you from broke to woke or your money back. Cancellation Island's revolutionary rehab therapies like bad touch football, anti-racism, spin class, and mandatory ayahuasca ceremonies are designed to force the cancel to confront their worst impulses. But everything starts to fall apart when people start disappearing. Karen, where have you brought us? Cancellation Island. Where a second chance might just be your last listen to Cancellation Island on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts or wherever you get your podcasts.


See what show? A lot of College Hill you talking about? She addressed that was a bunch of Amar Rose an interview. She said that they're just friends. It's never been anything like that. She has a lot of male friends, but she did also talk about the race stuff too. Okay, let's take a listen to that. The bullying, When I had respectfully declined on numerous occasions, then she started bullying me with the race. Why you sound white, why you talk white, why this and that, blah blah blah. But you black, why you act white? All this. And I'm like, you're like obsessed with me. Yeah. So she, Amber Rose had talked about basically her upbringing in Philly and having a, you know, a black and a white parent.


She's always had to like defend herself and it, it got to the point where like she's had to physically defend herself a lot of times because people Yeah, you know what Emini here, like she Said she claims both though. Yeah, but she's clear With that. She basically said she was triggered because there were things that were leading up to that fight that weren't put in that BET clip that Jocelyn said to her about, you know, the black or white thing that triggered her and then that's when the fight picks up. But yeah, so now the lawyers are involved. Amber Rose is basically saying she'll counter for defamation as well too. She says that when Jocelyn came here on The Breakfast Club and when she went on drink Champ, she's alleging that Jocelyn lied about putting her head through a glass window and she said Look, you don't wanna play these games, just take your l like you did on the internet. Well lineup round two.


Okay? If you all had words with each other and then it turns into blows, but it's still words after the fact then line up round two because clearly somebody didn't get hit hard enough. Oh God, It's the truth. If you Still talking about somebody after the fact, you ain't get hit hard enough. One of y'all ain't get hit hard enough. Yeah. But if you get hit hard enough, you gonna stop talking. Well, Somebody asked they, they asked. That's the show. It wasn't just, of course I'ma I'm sure it wasn't just like about Shannon ass. So that's the reason why that conversation. But it's one thing to talk, to talk, but then you still, I Will say they breez, they've been dragging UNC for this interview too. They've been dragging him like, yo, this is not your forte. These is not the conversations we looking for a free view and doesn't mean it was a normal chain and sharp style interview, but I think people just don't like Amber Rose too Emini here. But I was gonna say, what else you gonna ask Amber Rose about other than Trump in the fight with Jocelyn and the slut Walk Emini here it is.


Like they can't be too mad at him. It's like what? Like what? What would you ask her if Amber Rose sitting in front of you right now? That's the, you would ask the, you know about lawyers, but I'm saying what, what else would you want to ask Amber Rose? I Think he, it's also a bad timing after what Mike said up here on Breakfast Club. Say, but She makes So it count For half. He does. He said, he said black people. He said he tired to seeing black people go on that show and just talk about other black people. Shannon needs to start having white people on to start talking Skeptic. He did, he did. Amber is half white of it and Jolyn Danish. Oh carry on. That ain't our business. You right now that I think about it. Justin's black. She said she black. Oh yeah, she said she came out her mother black. She is black You right? And she black. She a black woman. So He bought a half white woman on to talk about a black person confusing me.


Okay, he getting there baby steps. He going, yeah, baby steps. He going baby, Baby steps. Alright, Shit, gotta Walk. Shannon getting there. Oh you Gotta crawl before you walk. Wait, didn't he had Gary Owen on who he had Gary Owen, but Gary wasn't going in on no other white community. Yeah, Gary Owen. See he had a white, didn't really Count for white or something. Yeah, he white. Gary Owen's White. Definitely White. Alright. All right, well thank you Lauren. That is the rumors. Now when we come back we got front page news and then Dr. West Bellamy and BDot will be joining us. They're creating their own tournament out in North Carolina. It's called the Black College Invitational Championship. And they're gonna break that down. It's The Breakfast Club. Good morning, Wake up. Wake up. You're locked into The Breakfast Club Everybody. It's DJ NV Jess. Hilarious Charlemagne ne guy.


We are The Breakfast Club. Let's get in some front page news, quick sports salute to everybody in Milwaukee. I Giannis is the 52nd NBA player to reach 20,000 career points. So congratulations to him. Now what's up Morgan? Listen, what's up is Congress holds the purse strings and they still do. Elon Musk has to respect that. That was the message that was sent on Capitol Hill yesterday. As Musk met privately with GOP Senators, they basically told him that we know of because it was a private meeting that they support what he's doing with Doge to root out waste fraud and abuse in the federal government agencies. But a lot of what he's doing needs to be approved with a vote in Congress.


You know, Charlemagne was talking about this all week. There's a way to do things right. So Musk was on Capitol Hill yesterday where he met privately with GOP senators who told him that his Doge workforce cuts need to be approved in a vote in Congress. They even talked about codifying those cuts into law in an effort to make them permanent, possibly passing a rescission package. Now that's above my, my my, my expertise, my smarts. But you know, that's basically how they're gonna try to approach this whole situation. Musk also reportedly gave out his cell phone number to those senators and I don't know who's gonna check into that for possible waste, fraud and abuse, you know, because that was a private meeting. But anyway, switching gears, let's talk sanctuary cities.


There was yet another heated exchange between representatives and Congress yesterday. This time it was Boston's Democratic Congresswoman Ayanna Presley versus Kentucky's Republican Congressman James Comer arguing in an oversight committee hearing that about sanctuary city mayors. Now here's what happened when Congresswoman Presley tried to say which articles she was entering onto the record. Let's hear that audio Data from Texas shows that US-born Americans, oh no. Commit more rape and murder than immigrants. Listen, this trend of you all trying get thrown outta committee so you can get on MBC is gonna end commit more. We're not gonna put up with it. This is my procedural Mr. A member of this committee. You can go to enter documents into the record can go Mr. Frost and Mr. Green.


I'm reclaiming my time. You not get to no, no dictate Ms Press, I've been very recite the you Mr. And I take particular as a survivor of sexual violence. Go, go. I'll enter record. This is my right. Thank you. No, no. Hey, that's coming. Brazil. So what she was trying to say before she was interrupted was that in 2018 US born Americans commit more rapes and murders than immigrants. And as you heard from the audio comer responded by saying this trend of you all trying to get thrown out of the committee so you can get on M-S-N-B-C is going to end and we're not gonna put up with it. So of course Congresswoman Presley was among the group of Dems who held up signs and walked out during Trump's joint address to Congress on Tuesday.


She said that she couldn't sit through the speech and give an audience to someone who operates with lawless disregard for Congress and the American people. Back on the topic of sanctuary cities, a Chicago mayor Brandon Johnson, is standing 10 toes down saying that the shy will remain a sanctuary city. Despite facing criticism from Republican members in Congress. While testifying yesterday, Johnson said that Chicago's welcoming city ordinance doesn't lead to more crime. Let's hear more from Shai Mayor Brandon Johnson. Chicago's welcoming city ordinance and our other laws and policies do not lead to more crime. They do not prevent cooperation with federal law enforcement on criminal criminal matters. And we do not harbor criminals. We arrest them. So the mayor had several fiery exchanges with Republicans, including South Carolina Representative Nancy Mace and also Illinois representative Darren LaHood.


Now Mace asked the mayors a series of yes or no questions. And when they answered anything but yes or no, well let's take a listen to that exchange. Mayor, Any individual that yes or no causes Harm, yes or no, breaks the Law. Okay? Mayor Woo should be held accountable. This is Why you have 6% approval. Reigning 'cause you suck at answering questions. Jesus. Ooh, she read 'em down. So New York mayor Eric Adams was also among the four sanctuary city mayors who were called to testify about their city's policies. Let's take a listen to his comments during the congressional hearing. A sanctuary city classification does not mean our city will ever be a safe haven for violent criminals. Comprehensive immigration reform is long overdue.


While the solution is not within my control as a mayor, I'm committed to working with federal officials to go after violent gangs and those who harm residents of our city. So the mayor, of course, Eric Adams has faced criticism from his own party for not doing enough to stand up to the Trump administration and accusations. He's working with Trump in an attempt to get his federal corruption charges dropped in addition to New York City Mayor Eric Adams, Chicago's Brandon Johnson. There was also Denver Mayor, Mike Johnston and Mic and Mayor and Boston Mayor Michelle Wu, who also testified in that hearing. Any thoughts on that guys? I do have a question. If DOJ is freezing funding for Chicago and New York and other sanctuary cities, where are these cities gonna get the funding to, to house the migrants and to to feed the migrants and all that?


Where, where's that money gonna come from? And your guess is probably as good as mine probably at this point. It's good. It could be what the crowdfunding type type of efforts, grassroots efforts, nonprofit, but a federal funds are not gonna be issued. You know, that's, that's that's a serious, yeah, that's a serious situation because You could say you're a sanctuary city, but if you're not getting any funding to house or to help or to feed or to clove, what Happens to, it'll, it'll probably, it'll probably fall in the private sector in a nonprofit organizations and things of that nature. Yeah. And a lot of this is very unprecedented. So I'm, it's almost like can you really truly withhold funding for certain, you know, certain situations, certain scenario. Everybody for doing it.


Yeah. All right, so that's your front page news. I'm Morgan Wood, follow me on social at Morgan Media and for more news coverage, follow at Black Information Network. Download the free iHeartRadio app and visit us@binews.com. Thank you. Alright, thank you Morgan. Now when we come back, Dr. West Bellamy and BDot will be joining us. They're doing something amazing, right? They're creating their own basketball tournament, the Black College Invitational Championship. You know we have CIAA, there's March MAD is now they're creating their own. It's from March 20th to the 23rd in Charlotte at the Bojangles Coliseum. They're gonna talk all about it and we need you guys to go out and support. We need asses in seats. We need you to support our HBCUs and they're gonna break it all down next. So don't go anywhere as The Breakfast Club.


Good morning, The Breakfast Club Morning Everybody. It's DJ nv, Larry Charlamagne guy, The Breakfast Club. We got the brother West Bella and We got beat out here. Welcome happening. What's Happening? Thanks for having Y'all Are basketball tournament the Charlotte, no disrespect a yeah, but it was better than Charlotte. No disrespect. Ball way better was better than Charlotte too. That was way what part Though? What part? Like the party scene was better but the games were not being attended. That was the biggest problem with it being in Charlotte. Yo nobody comes to the games. Yeah, like everybody out at the day, parties turning up.


But ain't nobody in there seeing Johnson c Smith get smacked by Winston-Salem stage. Yeah, That hasn't happened in a long time. Calm, We're not talking about the Facts. I Think times have changed for HBCU sports And I think that was a time when people didn't necessarily go for the sports. Now more and more people are going to the sports, they're, they're broadcasting the games more. So I think if they bring it back to Charlotte, I think it'll be a lot different. I just think the Charlotte, that whole vibe and that whole scene was a lot better. It was fun. It was, you got to see so many different people. I just don't get that from DMV And I And I went last shot. I just didn't feel that to say well Well one, we wanna shout out show love to to Mayor Brandon Scott in Baltimore. Absolutely. And our, and our partners over at Van Wagner and CAAI know they're doing their best in Baltimore, right? I was there this year. I I had a good time. Same. I had a ball. I thought they did really well.


But that's also to your point, why we're bringing this new tournament, the Black College Invitational Championship to Charlotte. Our own tournament started by us, specifically for us, the Black College Invitational Championship. We don't have to beg or ask anybody else to do anything for our HBCUs. We started this endeavor to do this specifically for us. We take care of all the fees we pay for travel, lodging, every team that comes to participate in the tournament, we give them a entry fee and then the winning schools get $25,000. And this is all led by us put together by us. So we need everybody to come under and support. Yeah. Trump gonna sign an executive order, no federal funding to North Carolina. His to, And that's different from the NCAA too because like teams have to pay to go to the NCAA or pay to go to the IT and stuff like that.


So for West to put in a situation where that BCIC actually pays the schools to come, like that's different right there. Emini here, You know, BDot, you know you do the podcast. I didn't know, maybe you Didn't either. I wanna say thank y'all for playing that in February every day. Like seriously thank y'all Charlamagne Envy. Just like appreciate the s that A lot of things that that people don't know that you put them onto, you Know what Emini here, but, but you know what I like about that podcast is you tell people about things that they may or may not know about black history. So tell us the history of the BCIC because I never even heard of it honestly until y'all did this Yeah. Tournament And you won't because this is the first of his, of his of calling. You dig what I'm saying? Like again West told you like this is his brainchild and the idea that we don't have a space to celebrate HBCUs after our SWAC tournament or CIA tournament or MEAC tournament.


We don't have anywhere else. So an opportunity to have HBCUs come to a NCAA type environment like this is the genesis of it. This is the history of it. Right now we're all participating in the history of the BCIC last year. Again, the thoughts were coming to fruition and having conversations with the appropriate people at the different conferences. It's a lot of legwork that had to go into this. You gotta get signed off from the ncaa, you gotta get signed off from each individual conferences. There were certain conferences that wanted pave meds and it was just a lot going on. So to have it in a space now where we're actually here like less than three weeks away, like this is the genesis of the BCIC. So I'm just excited to be a part of this black history and bringing something like this to Charlotte.


Well How difficult is it to get the schools involved, right? Because I DJ a lot of the HBCU events especially, I like the rivalries, right? The rivalries a lot better because it's like you always see the Howard Hampton, you always see the Hampton Norfolk, you'll see Morgan and Howard and you'll see FAM U in this one. So the rivalries are good because it gets the the people involved. But how are you gonna make sure fans come out and actually wanna come to these games? 'cause you said it's so difficult. Yeah and a lot of times we don't get pressed, we don't get the TV time. We don't get a lot of those things where people don't necessarily find out about it. And that's why I like North Carolina too. I think a lot of colleges, especially HBCUs are in the south. Absolutely. It's easier for people to get there. So how are you gonna make sure that people get to these games and these colleges get there as well? Well We got a couple of ways. We have a wide variety of different in-game entertainment opportunities for people.


Different theme nights. Emini here we got a welcome to Charlotte Night. On the first day when we're looking at Emini here, this is the first time ever you're seeing different conferences playing each other in a postseason tournament. So we're thinking that that's also gonna drive attention to the games when you have the MEC versus swac and then you have the CIAA versus SIAC. Like you've, again, you've never seen that. And this is our first postseason basketball tournament and we know like we can't West Star Laurels solely on people just coming to see the basketball games. So we have several of the games hosted by No Limit. Larry, shout out to No Limit Larry, no Limit. Larry outta Charlotte. He's gonna be hosting the games on Thursday and Friday afternoon. And then Friday evening, Saturday and Sunday for the championship games.


We got BDot in games. We have performances, HBCU bands will be participating, giveaways. And then it's a whole week of events. So Tuesday we're kicking it off with a golf tournament. Wednesday we have A-H-B-C-U sustainability summit with HBCU presidents from across the country, followed by an empowerment luncheon that'll be hosted by some, some really cool folks including the Durant Family Foundation. Shout out to Dr. Wanda Durant and Mama Durant. Then Thursday through Sunday we have the games. We also have an educational day. So we'll be having high school education day with high a thousand high school scholars from the Greater Charlotte area coming on Thursday about another thousand on that Friday. And then we have a step show, a culminating event on Sunday evening. So again, like it's not just about the games, but make no mistake about it, I got one shot at this.


If people don't come and support this year, there will be no year two. We got a one year agreement with the city of Charlotte. It's kind of approve it year. Yo Wes, if you can pull us off and we make it what it's supposed to be, then we'll be able to do something moving forward. But if we don't then there will be no year two. So all the parties, it's a trial, all the parties, all the day parties, the night parties, all the things that individuals are saying that they want to come for. Like all that's cool. But if you only go to those things and we don't come to the games and we don't sell tickets, we don't put bus in seats, we don't have a safe weekend, we don't have people coming purchase hotels, then we will not have a year two post-season basketball for those who don't win their conference.


Tournament is non-existent for us. So it's only incentivized for our season to continue and then to be a part of something in Charlotte where a lot of people wanna be back in that city and then doing something for the culture. It wasn't really hard. As I've been talking to Presidents Cap and ad these Lions, I Just say, I Just say, nah man, because I Just say this. No I'm not. I'm gonna give you your props because Wes has been boots on the ground of this. Like when you asked that question, Charlamagne, he's had to talk to every single head of every the the SIAC, the swac, the CIAA, the mec, the ncaa like get signed up. So to answer your question, the the the first answer that would be connections. Okay. Like the way he's connected to so many different individuals, the people that can go in rooms that he couldn't go into and speak for him on behalf of the BCIC.


Now, yes, all the things he's saying is a hundred percent correct, but how do we get teams to sign off connections? That's true. The fact that he knows certain people and he was able to talk to them that was able to, 'cause certain people wouldn't even listen and he had to have certain conversations with other people to come. You know what I'm saying? Like so cash credit or connections, you always want them connections. And he has those That's right. Y'all got a step show too, right? Greek fraternity brothers sorority team. Yeah. So it's the first ever BCIC step show. So this is the first ever inter conference step show. So you know, you often have step shows and it's like just bring the best Greek teams, but these are gonna be participating Greek teams and or step show teams from the different conferences. So they'll be competing for the BCIC championships. So everything is not only built around competition, but including all four of our conferences.


Like so for example, when you, you go to, let's say you go to the Hampton, right? Or you go to Morgan State, you don't necessarily interact with people from Grambling or from Miles College. If you, if you went to Clark Atlanta, you're not necessarily interacting with folks from Delaware State, for example. Nobody interacts with Delaware. Don't do Lauren like that. Y'all be cooking. Lauren don't do Lauren like that. Lauren And I b they do Alumni de Jackson, deun Jackson does. You know what I'm saying? But again, it's all about really bringing these conferences together and, and, and having an opportunity for our student athletes, students and an alumni more than anything else. To be able to intertwine with each other is what it's all about.


That's how we build culture. And in this era right now, more than any other, we have to make sure we build with each other, which means we gotta spend time with each other, we gotta do things with each other, gotta play against each other. We gotta compete against each other. We spend money with each other. And I think that's only gonna en enhance us as we move forward, All we have more with Dr. West Bellamy and Beat Out when we come back, they're creating their own tournament. The Black College Invitational Championship. We'll talk more when we come back. It's The Breakfast Club. Good morning. Morning everybody. It's DJNV, Jess. Hilarious. Charlamagne, the guy. We are The Breakfast Club. We're still kicking with Dr. West Bellamy. NB dot lemme ask you. So Yes, sir. With a lot of these conferences and, and these money's the biggest thing. Yeah. Has sponsors came in or were sponsors a difficult thing?


Oh Nah. That's been difficult. I ain't, I made no mistake about it. What is the biggest sponsor that came in there and supported you right away That, that you could sell? Can We say are, we're not allowed to say I,


I would say that the biggest sponsor has been Black Voters Matter, which is really, yeah. Yeah. Ironically, shout out to my man, cliff and Tasha.


What about All these soda companies that sponsor everything else and these, these liquor companies that sponsor these bad Companies. Emini here, these Clothing companies. Hell out these Companies because I see them sponsor everything else. Right. And, And, and they have been very slow quiet to come to sponsor this. Just being completely honest with you, that doesn't mean it's not gonna happen. Obviously with we're three weeks out, it's gonna happen. It's gonna be a first class event, but to be very with you y all at Deuce. Yeah. Nah, nah, for real liquor brands. Yeah. But, but we haven't had, we haven't had a lot of the support that you will see with traditional entities. We're not the a CC, we're not the SEC tournament. They Still have budgets though. You know what? They still have Budgets. Absolutely correct. Which is even more so why we're saying we need folks to come out to the games, because this is really Emini here.


Pretty much half the tournament I've been paying for out pocket. Like we, and this is a, I'm not gonna say the the amount because I'll be in court, but, but, but this is, this is a, this is a, a very heavy endeavor Sure. In which we've had to put on and we haven't had the sponsorship support in which you see again from other entities, which is part of why we appreciate y'all for having us up here. I'm sorry, Jess. You were saying Something. Yeah, I was about to ask, do you have a really, really dope videographer? Yeah. Yeah. We, yeah, man. Because how you gotta do it is you gotta package it a certain way. You gotta make it look like something that somebody wanna get. And, and to Envy's point, they are supposed to be honestly like Yeah. Not quiet about giving money. And sponsors supposed to be coming out out the ass cheek.


Yeah. For this. But it, you gotta like package that real nice, like market it and have like the dopest I'm talking about really, really dope videographers do every day. Like your mania, especially that step show, that step show is going Oh Yeah. The Energy excite people. That's crazy. You Sound like you coming host. What We doing? It sound like I could do. We need the budget. A new mama too. Vy taxing there. Vy ain't worked in a month, but No, I, but no, I see this being really, really big. And that's how you get the, the duces and you know, not even just liquor, but the, the sponsor. Red Lobster Sponsorship.


Red Lobster should be all over this Emini here. We've had conversations, you know what I'm saying? You know, we would love to, to follow up Because they doing the rebranding. Damn. So, no doubt. So they know they need just as much as y'all need at Time. And we gotta give, we gotta give credit what credit is, dude, we have a, a really dope sponsorship arm. We're partnering with Van Wagner. Van Wagner's, the group that runs the CIAA. They produce the Super Bowl. Shout out to my man, Julius and Brandon in the back. They've been, they've been really, really helpful. But I wouldn't be lying if I didn't say that again. We haven't received the same amount of support as others. So Yeah. Even clothing in Jersey, whether it's Puma Knight, Emini here, whatever, Emini here. We've literally had conversations with all of these entities. What we have sometimes people Want see it done. That's literally what I say. But I always say that, you know, with all these companies, Emini here, Charlemagne and myself, we deal with these sponsorships and companies.


It's difficult. Gimme something. Yeah, yeah. Like gimme a little five stacks just to help me out for the first year and then when we prove ourselves, then we can go to the table. But what about TV time? Is this gonna be on tv? Yeah.


So we are proud to announce that we have a television, television partner with Rise. It's a new network. They're part of Samsung.


So we're the first sports entity on their platform network. Us and Liv Golf. So Samsung came in as a partner. Samsung through Rise Rather. They came in as a partner. So we were really happy about that. And they're producing as well as streaming and televising the entire tournament. Really, really looking forward to that. Everybody with the Goku, did you reach out to other networks as well and they kind of just fell back as well? HBCU go bt Yeah. Wing. Yo what I'm saying, we yo shout out to HBCU. Go. I will say, say, yep. We had some fruitful conversations for a wide variety of different reasons. We are, we're working through how things can work out in the future And I like them. Yeah. But, but for this right now, again, Ron stepped up. They, they answered the challenge and they're showing us support. But more than anything else, you know, it's one thing to watch it on television.


We need folks to come down to Charlotte to come to the games. And that's why I'm so happy for, to have brothers like BDot, you know, Jess envy, Charlemagne's for your support. Because us not only being on your platform, I'm not a brother. That's Dish. I'm not a brother. I heard what you just said, Emini here. My bad brothers like Bad. She got ptsd T she got t she went through a bad time on social media about that a while ago. Bad. What she been through that what you mean Emini here? She It was a lot. It was a lot. Was a lot. It was a lot going, going on, right? Yeah. Yo, y'all wild man. Si had to have a whole baby to prove to the critics number. You the first one.


Y'all Rough out here. This is a tough room. It's a tough room. It's interesting what the sponsors, because what I would want sponsors to know, this is the question I'm gonna ask. How does this tournament help address the challenges that HBCUs face in regards of funding? Yeah, media coverage, recruitment. Because sponsors need to know if they are connected with y'all, they are helping with that. Yeah. Literally this is your one stop shop. So when we talk about recruitment for HBCUs, our high school education days will be recruitment fairs. We have two days of that. Specifically when you look at creating an environment to show off the best of the best of HBCU culture from the sports environment, the games will be high quality first class events, the high, excuse me, the college bands that will be playing and performing also show you a glimpse of the HBCU culture.


And then when you look at the alumni support and those who will be attending the games as well as the ary events, you're gonna get everything about HBCU culture at this specific tournament. When you look at the presidents who will be attending the sustainability summit, the empowerment luncheon, when you're gonna have literally 500 players and stakeholders all in one room, there's no better place for you to be able to have a captive audience to show off whatever it is that you're selling and or supporting than this event that is put together by us. That is for us. And it's gonna be for the benefit of our people. And so the biggest thing is we need these games to be sold up. Yeah. Butts in the seats. We need bust in the seats, man. We, the, the Bo Jingles Coliseum holds 8,300 people. All the floor seats have been bought out. So, you know, of course, you know, our, our folks, they like, yo, we we wanna sell on the floor.


The tickets are very affordable. Tickets are $40 per session. We have two games on Thursday at 12 and two. Then you have evening games at six and eight. That's the same model for Thursday and Friday. So we start off with the meac versus the Swac teams and the CIA versus SCIC on Friday. Then the MEAC versus Swac championship games on Saturday. And then the CAA versus the SCIC championship games are on Sunday and it's men and women. That's what I like. It's men and women. It's 16 teams. Yeah. So we don't leave our sisters out. You know, Jess, we don't leave the sisters out. Thank you. Yeah. I, I'm with you. I'm with you. We don't leave the sisters out because it's important for our ladies to have the opportunity to showcase their talents as well. And we hoping we gonna have a few more surprises. And where do they go to get ticket? You can go to ticketmaster.com or I, we prefer you go directly to our website, www.blackcollegechampionship.org.


You can put it in any search engine. Look us up on Instagram, you'll see all the, you'll see the history of this coming together. You'll be able to follow the journey. And man, we just need your support, you know, again, www.blackcollegeinvitationalchampionship.org. Or again, you could just put in BBC C in any of your search engines. You'll see us come up the writeups, all the information, you know, again, make sure y'all come down to Charlotte. The weather's gonna be nice. It's gonna be a first class event. BDO is gonna be on the mic. No limit. Larry. A great time. We got a couple other special guests, man, that'll, that'll be there in a 10. Have you ever wished for a change but weren't sure how to make it? Maybe you feel stuck in a job or a place or a relationship? Join me, Emily Tisch Sussman.


Over on She Pivots where I explore the inspiring pivots of women. Dig deeper into the personal reasons behind them, and leave you with the inspiration you need to make your next pivot. Every Wednesday I sit down with women like Kamala Harris, Vanessa Hudgens, and armchair expert host Monica Padman. This March we are continuing to uplift women in honor of Women's History Month with episodes from powerhouse governor Gretchen Whitmer. I Fell in love with public policy and that's kind of when I pivoted. Then later we dive into the rise of women's sports to learn how leaders like sports investor Carolyn Tisch Blodgett, and former Gotham FC champion turned coach Michelle Betos are shaping the industry.


Come join us and listen to She Pivots on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts. Hey, what's up y'all? This is Eric Andre. Well, I made a podcast called Bombing about absolutely tanking on stage. I tell gnarly stories And I talk to friends about their worst moments of bombing in all sorts of ways. Bombing on stage, bombing in public bombing in life. Two The time I talked to fashionista stylist, icon Queen of Melrose, about the time she got arrested on the TV series. Cops, why Are you on cops? So I'm in la this is when I first come to LA again and I'm here for each few years And I go, let me go buy some drugs. I'm the Catton and Santa Monica Boulevard.


There was the drug spot there. So there I go, I'm buying drugs. And then all of a sudden they're like, you're on cops. And I turn around. Oh, so you don't even, what? It's a microphone in my face and a camera. Oh God. Listen to bombing with Eric Andre on Will Ferrell's Big Money Players Network on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcast, or wherever you get your podcasts. I Call me with every Andre. Have you ever looked into the night sky and wondered who or what was flying around up there? We've seen planes, helicopters, hot air, balloons and birds. But what if there's something else? Something much more ominous that appears under the cover of night, silent, unseen watching.


They may be right above your car late one night as you cruise down the road or look like mysterious lights hovering above your home. Drones. Or are they, we Used the word Drone because it was comfortable to other people. One minute was there and one minute It wasn't. Oh, that is beyond creepy. Do you feel like this drone was targeting you specifically? Yes, absolutely. Listen to obscure invasion of the drones on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts.


This is John Cameron Mitchell and my new fiction podcast series, cancellation Island Stars Holly Hunter as Karen, a wellness influencer who launches a rehab for the recently canceled In the future, we will all be canceled for 15 minutes. But don't worry, we'll take you from broke to woke or your money back. Cancellation Island's revolutionary rehab therapies like bad touch football, anti-racism, spin class, and mandatory ayahuasca ceremonies are designed to force the cancel to confront their worst impulses. But everything starts to fall apart when people start disappearing. Karen, where have you brought us?


Cancellation Island. Where a second chance might just be your last listen to Cancellation Island on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts Too. You know, a few friends of mine who will be in the city during that time, so you don't wanna miss it. It's gonna be a good time. Yeah. Alright, Well, Dr. West Bellamy and Beat Out. We appreciate you Guys. Appreciate y'all man. Seriously, Man. I'll see y'all down there. It's The Breakfast Club. Good morning. Hello. Hi. What's happening out there? How y'all feeling, man? Morning everybody. It's DJ Envy. Jess. Hilarious. Charlamagne the guy. We are The Breakfast Club. Yes, man.


I want to tell everybody, man, thank you for getting your tickets to the third annual Black Effect Podcast Festival, which is happening Saturday, April 26th at Pullman Yards in Atlanta, Georgia.


Okay. For everybody who's been the last couple of years, you already know what they expect. It is a day of all your favorite podcasts, man. Your day of culture, a day of community, and a day of conversation. So this year we got Mandy and Weezy hosting the event. We got good moms bad choices, they'll be there. The Naked Sports Podcast with Carrie Champion RB Money podcast with tanking Jay Valentine and Sarah Jakes Roberts will be there during the Woman Evolve podcast. So go get your tickets right now, black effect.com/podcast festival for Saturday, April 26th in Atlanta. And Snoop to my guy Louis V man. He's out there. He'll be providing the soundtrack per usual. What up Louis V. That's right. Yo. Also, I'm gonna be in Atlanta next Wednesday and Thursday I got shows at the Atlanta Comedy, the theater.


Y'all get y'all tickets. I got two shows on Wednesday and then two shows on Thursday. I'm about to bring back the weekdays. I I remember when I first started comedy right, they would only book me on the weekdays. You had to like earn that spot to do clubs on the weekends. Right. But I found, I, I found like that was my niche. I was like, man, I can sell any day. I used to sell out on Mondays, Tuesdays, Wednesdays, Thursdays. I ain't only sell on weekends. That's just me flexing a little Bit. Little little snack. Little Flex. Yeah. I'm saying people used to leave their kids in the house to come see me. So how's that gonna work with your morning show schedule? I'm gonna broadcast live from Atlanta. Okay. Yeah. All right. Okay. Y'all trying to make show I'm coming to work. I'm just asking about, I got a lot out about here. Tuesday, Wednesday. Say, okay, what about the show?


I the morning, you know. Yeah. Get Your money at night. But what about the morning? That's all what I'm Saying. Yeah. I'm, I'm gonna be broadcasting from Atlanta. Y'all. We got LI her office is down there. That's right. And Louis set you up. Hey Louis. Louis, make sure you get just right. Come on Marty. Ma, Come Marty Ball. All right. We got the rumors coming up. What We talking about? I about say make sure you get just right. Nope. We gotta make sure just get there. That's the other, That's Let's do that. Oh real. Yo, I'm gonna be there. Yo, I'm gonna be there. I'm gonna be there. Honestly, I don't know what we have coming up, okay? To Be honest with you. But I tell you what though, it ain't rumors because Lauren be coming with straight facts. Y no, let's not say that either. Let's not say That. Why she be having the latest on things.


I don know if they're all facts The Latest. But yo, all the damn details be factual. She gets them from somebody that knows somebody. She gets the details. It's alleged. Somebody that knows facts. Can there be a alleged facts? Let think about that. Gotta Be facts, Man. That girl be doing all, sometimes You have facts, sometimes you have details. Sometimes she have a little bit of everything. Well, it's the latest. The latest. That's what That's, you're right. I like the latest. All right, we'll get to that. Next. It's The Breakfast Club. Good morning. Morning everybody. It's DJ Envy. Jess. Hilarious. Charlamagne the guy. We are The Breakfast Club. Let's get to the room. Worldwide. Mess on The Breakfast Club. She's the coach. Lauren. Lauren Osa And I got the mess. Talk to me.


So when Portia was up here, she stirred up some mess, huh? Girl? Yes. You missed a good one. Okay, Now I watched it. So yeah, so Portia talked about a lot of things and I know that people have been into the things, but one of the things she talked about that is gonna be, I think a big storyline on this season of Real Housewives of Atlanta is Drew Sadra. They, they're, they're giving the vibes as if she's dating ex Portia's ex Dennis Dennis, who is the father of her daughter, PJ Baby. Pj. Let's take a listen to Portia when she was here. Now how tight are you and Drew, drew? You know what drew some people you just realize, okay, you just a little. Is she still an ambassador of Go naked hair? Absolutely not. Okay. She is a, she's the okay person, I think for a lot of her friends.


I think they love her. I think they trust her. I think if you're not her friend, you shouldn't trust her and you shouldn't be around her. Okay. So with you saying you shouldn't trust her, you shouldn't be around her. And she's not wearing go naked hair anymore. You're not happy about the allegations that she might be in a relationship or whatever. With Dennis, your ex, she actually was trying to film with him behind my back and that's just not cool. And then also there was a go naked photo shoot she was trying to set up without me knowing anything about, I have to prove everything. Some of them fits. I'm, it's not fitting for you. So I would like to, as the owner of the company, be a part of any of that. So when those two things were happening behind my back with my business on my show, yeah, I have a problem with you.


Yeah. So, you know who else had a problem? Drew SDOs sister. So Drew SDOs sister, the Jasmine Bri, shout out to the Jasmine. Bri had picked up our clip and Drew Sad Door's. Sister, her name is Alison. Alison Jordan, according to her Instagram, commented and said, Portia, so you are on a lying tour. Why are you creating a fake story? Shame on you. And tagged Portia baby daddy. Dennis, Dennis McKinley came in the comments and added Drew's sister and said, not too much on Baby Mama. I would hate to have to push your sister's album back. It comes out next weekend. And it's a classic, the laughing emoji, Ooh, wow, push your sister album back. But wait, when she was up here, we talked about the fact that now Dennis is producing music and he is allegedly only hanging out with Drew because he's producing Drew's music.


Right. So he's like, don't play with my baby mama. But I, I was like, their relationship is, I don't, I I know she said they're just, they're co-parenting. He don't play about Portia. Do have, You don't do y about Portia. Has anybody seen capital PI can understand why Simon wanna be in the country illegally. I can see why homies still fighting for her. Like, what's the problem people, that's his baby moms. That's, he's always gonna have love for P Man. Have you seen her? That's his baby mom. I think Her fine. I thought he was Trying and get her back after Mr. Goia was, you know, after she ended it with him. What? What'd you say? Go after Mr. Goia. Okay. Simon Simon's last name. Put some respect when that man last name definitely name get you deported. Point Percent get you Deported.


But for real, I thought that he, I thought they was going, you know, do a little so something again. 'cause right after that I, they was like together at the house or something. Well, they, they're always together and she posts photos and like, you know, that's Just like, have a healthy co-parent. She said They homie's what? But she said well she get a new man. We'll see how much of the homie vibe he gives. So, we'll, we'll see what happens. Yeah, Well we know he don't play about it, but he gonna push back this album. Are we looking for the album? Okay, Lauren, let's go with the Shade. Dropping Lauren Shade. I didn't even know it was coming out. Just being Drew going. Yeah, I honestly didn't know Love, love Drew on the show, but I was not looking for New Drew music produced by Dennis McKinley.


I wasn't. I was so shocked Else I like shady Lauren. That's what I'm Talking about. What else did That wig be cocked to the left. You gonna get some shade now. It's not Cocked to the left. He is a Hater. He is really a, The wig is sitting just nice straight. Thank you. You know, it's fine. Girl, you the gimme having you ain't here fixing it when ain't need nothing wrong with it. I'm like, yo, don't worry about you better that you be over here fixing it. I'm like, yo, ain't nothing wrong with it. It was fine. Damn. Yo. Gabrielle Union. Yes. What's up with her? Dwayne Wade. So you remember when Gabrielle Union came out and said that she was doing 50 50 with Dwayne Wade? Yes. I have that audio just in case you didn't remember. So let's listen to that. It's weird to say I'm head of household. 'cause in this household we split everything 50 50.


But in the other households that each of us have to support, it puts this, there's always this like gorilla on your back that it is like, you better work, you go to work, you better work. You know, you, you gonna sleep in. Hmm. You know, somebody might not eat. Yeah. So when that happened, when that interview happened, people was like, girl, what? Like you, your husband's Dwayne Wade. But then there were other people that was like, yo, I get it. Like she wanna take, you know what Emini here, like I do too. They they both got it. So it's like it don't Matter. And his wife is Gabrielle Union. Exactly. Like, what are we talking About? And that was the other side of it. But my sister's backtracking down. Gabrielle Union says now she might not be with the 50 50. Let's take a listen. Famously said 50 50 or bust.


Right. And I meant that financially, spiritually, emotionally. And there's just a lot of days that I have 10% And I need him to be 90. There's days I don't have And I need him to be a hundred. It's a trauma response. And 50 50 is I'm not going to be vulnerable enough to trust you with a hundred percent of anything. Not my heart, not my cash. And when I started to really address that And I was like, do you want to pay whole mortgage? I thought I was about to die. I had such anxiety, like I was crying, I was shaking. And he was like, you insisted on that. He's like, I thought it made you feel better. I'm like, it did. And right now I I I wanna take it back now. It sounds crazy to be like you, Mr. NBA superstar who made a bazillion more amount of money than I do can pay the mortgage.


And it's brought us closer because he knows it's not about whether he can afford it. It's it being vulnerable enough to know that I'm okay. Vy, why you laughing Charlotte? What? No, I was gonna see what happens when Hollywood starts rolling back DEI initiatives Yeah. Are high price. Eggs are high. Getting Low up there Die. That's what I'm saying. Jesus, the roll starts slowing up in Hollywood. You know, the movie Star and black people ain't doing what they supposed to be doing. You know what, Emini here to chest crying. 52 Years old now you see Emini here. Your man's part of owner of the Jazz too. And he got that old NBA money. Right man. Yeah. What am I working so hard for? Yeah, exactly. I understood the vulnerability part though, Jess. I don't know. I like it.


Yeah. I felt like I get it. Like, it's like you kind of wanna make sure you hold your own weight just in case he get crazy. Like, all right, cool. I'm good Back to The table. Exactly. But I think that that's a But If you get crazy, she get half. She get half. Exactly. I you guys are married, You have kids. I hear you. But I think for, I can't, I wouldn't speak for a lot of women for myself, Jess. Lemme know how you feel for myself, when I think about vulnerability and the relationship financially, I feel like the more financial responsibility the man has, sometimes a control thing comes in. So I always wanna remind him like, I don't need you. But it's like, no, y'all Leave each other. You're looking at marriage. The whole exactly is different. But the v it's a struggle. It's, it's, Yeah, I like it. They had to revisit the table, you know, it is what it is. You know what I'm saying? Like she, she felt as if like that would've worked for her at first.


Right. But I ain't gonna lie. Something about it that I don't like. Right. That, that she said what? That he said, oh, Emini here. That's something that you wanted to do. So you didn't take charge enough to be like, nah, I'm going to take care of this. I'm going, you know what Emini here, like, nah, I get it. You just kind of let her Emini here. That's fine. His wife, one of his wife said, now I wanna do this. Okay, do it. I'm here when, whenever you wanna come back, but let's go ahead do It. I know you gonna get tired. I ain't worried about it. Go ahead on out there. I know you going to get tired. But just to not see that she tied before she get there. This lady said she was about to die. He Might have seen it and said I gotta, you know what I'm saying? The type of woman that she is, he might have had to let her get to that point to be like, okay, you wanna talk now? Like I, I know sometimes that happens.


I Wish. Okay, well I I get it. I get it. You wish. What? You see me struggle. You better say something before I gotta say something. Not if you act. I get what everybody's saying, but I don think it's a struggle thing. I think that she's just saying she reserved the right to want to work. If she want to work. Right. Yeah. But we need to listen to the the thing again. She hear what you Is crazy. You're talking about from the perspective of like you work hard. Yeah. So you're saying like my man watching me work hard and bust my behind. I need him to be like, yo, sit down. I'm telling you right now, I got it right. Yeah. Yeah. By the way, nobody wants to work hard on purpose, y'all. No, we wanna Work smart. None of us wanna work hard. You Wanna work smart. We all Wanna be kept.


Wouldn't you just want to kick your feet up and just have somebody take care of Nah too. Yeah. 'cause y'all been doing that. Yeah. Yeah. That's on Y'all. I have no problem kicking my feet. Not one. Those y'all can't kick up. I gotta work. I gotta control the household. Y'all Can't kick. Y'all ain't never had the luxury of kicking up y'all feet. Steadman y been, that's his Name. Steadman Step. Nah, nah, nah, nah. Steadman got, Steadman is a loyal. Steadman got his too. Now I don't act like Steadman don't got his I get it compared to Oprah. But when have you not compared to Oprah, got to sit back and let y'all wives take care of y'all. Like on like handle all the bills financially. Oh no, my wife definitely did that for me when I, I'm been fired four times when I didn't have, that's Not hard to believe When I was unemployed in two, proud to go collect unemployment checks because I thought people would recognize me.


'cause I used to work with Windy Williams and all that. My wife was definitely the one going to work, paying all the bills and the rent and everything else. Yeah. You Didn't have a choice so you weren't like, yeah baby, this is Bliss. And guess what? I would choose it again. All right. How you crazy? That's the Truth. Your wife held You down. That's different than I'm acting like y'all wouldn't want a baller to take care of you. No, no, no. I saying care in the marriage, it shouldn't matter. Take care of me in the marriage is everything is together. Right. So if your wife is doing something where she can support everything, who cares? I don't have to be, well now I want No, go ahead babe. I cook, I'll cook, I'll clean, I'll take the kids Breast. No, we gonna ask somebody to Do that too. Okay. S right. Okay. Let's just all hit the lottery.


So ain't nobody gotta do nothing. That's the perfect scenario. Y'all hate nasty. Just tuck it somewhere else. I understand what Gabrielle was saying. I get it. And he should have been stepped in like, all right, look, I see wait till my take care of me. I be hearing you crying in the shower. Emini here having sex Like, oh, Tyler Perry ain't called back. Huh? You know, Press eggs too high. You alright man? Thank you for those Playing with nail polish and I'm over here crying like, what's happening? Whoa. What? Go keep going, Abby. Right Back after this. We Talk about dog. Get a damn next. What you talking about Charlamagne for After the hour we gonna talk about somebody being deported. All right, Mr.


Breakfast slow. Good morning. Wake up. Wake up. You're locked into The Breakfast Club. I was donkey of the day. Damn Heehaw. It's time for Donkey of the Day. I ain't trying to be donkey today no more. They Should be embarrassed by what they already did. I don didn't. I'm not making these people do these things. They called Donkey of the Day and it really caught me off guard. Damn Charlemagne. Who got the donkey? Today? Today? Well, Jess, Hilarious donkey today for Thursday, March 6th goes to a real estate agent named Stephanie Lovens. Now I'm gonna let you know right now the man AIDS is heavy on this story. Okay? Stephanie used to work for Century 21. We all know what Century 21 is, correct?


Yes. Big real estate company. Stephanie was a real estate agent there, but she isn't anymore. She got fired. Okay? She got fired because Stephanie was dining at a Mexican restaurant in Columbus, Ohio. Salute that everybody who listens to us on 1 0 6 0.7 to beat in Columbus, Ohio dropped on a cruise bombs for 1 0 6 0.7 Pete in Columbus, Ohio, thank you for listening to the World's Most Dangerous Morning show. Now, before I tell you about Stephanie, I just need to remind you that since the start of President Trump's second term, thousands of undocumented migrants have been getting arrested and deported. We notice, okay, Tom Holman and Ice. Ice baby not playing. And there are a lot of undocumented migrants in this country who are scared to death.


Okay? Ice has asked me to go on a couple of ride alongs. There is a part of me that wants to see for myself what is happening, how it's happening. So I can properly report on it. But let's just stick to the story. I just needed to remind you of what's going on in this country to give the proper context to this story. Okay? Stephanie Lovens was dining at a restaurant called Kala's Mexican Cantina. And she had a waiter named Ricardo. Now, Ricardo is a US citizen, but who cares about that minor detail at a time like this? Okay, Stephanie got upset with Ricardo and she did this. Let's go to AB six news for report. Please. Customers head into Kala's, Mexican cantina on East Broad Street just days after this photo was snapped of a receipt, a customer left behind Sunday that includes no tip and a hateful message.


Reading you suck. I hope Trump deports you. I think it's despicable. You know that's not who America is. You know, we're all immigrants. Just hours after the photo of the $87 bill was posted to social media, it went viral. The restaurant Shane, not allowing a, b, C six to talk with employees, but in a statement telling us, in part we are deeply disappointed by the offensive message left on a recent receipt, which goes against our values and the welcoming environment we strive to create. There is no place for hate in our restaurant, Can't talk to our employees. Everybody ain't got their papers. But in the signature section of her receipt, Stephanie wrote, I hope Trump deports you.


This isn't fair to migrants, okay? Because a lot of Mexicans especially have just become the poster children for undocumented migrants. And that's not fair because most Mexican immigrants in the US are documented, but a significant number are not. But that does not give people like Stephanie to write the profile them. Now I know what a lot of y'all are thinking because I was thinking it too. How bad was Ricardo's service that Stephanie wanted him deport? Like this just wasn't a random attack, was it? You just don't go from zero to deport him. Did he not bring the guacamole and chips to the table fast enough that she asked for no salt around the, remember her margarita and Ricardo bought one with salt Anyway, she wrote, I hope Trump deports, you followed by zero. You suck. Zero is the amount of the tip that she wanted to leave.


But how bad was the service that she did all of this? Did Ricardo not speak proper English? So there was miscommunication? I'm just trying to figure out, I was just trying to figure out how terrible a Mexican service must be if you want them deported. I'm gonna be honest, every encounter I've ever had with a Mexican in the service industry has been pleasant. Okay? Dropping the clues bombs for all the Mexicans in the service industry. They are super friendly, respectful, very hospitable, warm, which is why they thrive in this service industry in this country. So how bad was Ricardo's service that Stephanie not only said, I hope Trump deports you, but you suck and got zero tip. Well, if that's what you were thinking, that's wrong. That's not what happened. Stephanie decided to have a side of racism with her Chim Chonga because the restaurant had a one coupon per table policy.


One coupon per table. Let the record show that one coupon per table usually means one coupon per purchase. So you can get one item. You can't use the coupon for the whole table. I know that's where the discrepancy lied. But the reason Stephanie is getting donkey today is because she had first denied any involvement. In fact, she went on social media and claimed that her credit card had been lost or stolen and that someone else used it. But this proved to be a lie because ha, the restaurant has cameras. Damn. And the restaurant reviewed the footage and confirmed that Stephanie had been sitting her ass right there in that restaurant the whole time. By the way, I like a good liar, okay?


I like a person who makes up extravagant lies and follows through with the lies. Stephanie went on Facebook and said my credit card was lost or stolen and somebody attempted to use it. Thanks for the notifications. This has been reported through my bank. Then she went on LinkedIn and said, thank you for all the recent notifications of scams and profile hackers. I recently discovered a loss are missing credit card and an attempted purchase. I appreciate your patience while I'm manage this situation. Then she deleted all her social media accounts all together. Smart, because she doesn't got the heart to stand on what she said. I like a good liar, but I like a person who stands on what they said even more. If you wanted Ricardo to get deported, then stand on that.


But I guess that racism wasn't worth losing your job was it? Please let Chelsea handle the give Stephanie Lovens the biggest. Hee-haw. Hee-haw. Hee-haw. That is way Too much. Dan Mayonnaise, You are a real estate agent. Work for Century 21. You lost your job because you couldn't use a coupon. You want a man deported because you clearly not selling any houses and wanted to use your coupon. Mm. But I'm with you. How bad was the service where you got a pen and wrote that down in A service? Well, no, the service wasn't bad. That's what I thought at first, right? When I first read the story, she was actually upset because she couldn't use the coupon. Damn. That's what she was upset about, Ricardo about. Yes. Mm huh huh huh? You just came back from Mexico.


How was the service, Jess? It was amazing. Yeah. Unlike America. Oh, It was amazing. They work hard to make sure people are feeling good and well, I we can say they work hard for tips, but they definitely just How people, They just in there. Yeah. It's in their DNA, like they wanna make sure you are happy at all times. Absolutely. You're taken care of. You eating good. Yep. They, they, it was amazing. And we know you love. Yeah. So what's next, Charlene? Stop playing. I Just say we know you love the service of Mexican. I do. I love the service. Yes I do. And That's all. All right. So wait, what? What else we got going on? Just fix my Mexican Next.


Fix my max. Fix my, just fix my me what? Not today. See, you can see, all she does is have one child with a Mexican. Now you telling her she gotta fix people Mexican. Just fix my, You see what I'm saying? One Baby with a Mexican and now you gotta fix Mexican for the of Your life. My mess. What? I'm saying, do you even know how to cook Mexican, Mexican cuisine? Do You even Know? No, I don't. You see what Emini here, One with a Mexican. Now you gotta fix people Mexican. You see what I'm, this is what I'm talking about. This is what I've talking about. 5 8 5 1 0 5 1. Just fix my mess. If you're having problems, relationship problems or issues, call it up right now. (800) 585-1051. It's The Breakfast Club morning.


The Breakfast Club X about me, Relationship problems, X about me. You need to beat your coworker's ass. Ask about me. Your Coworker need to beat your ass. Call it up. Hey Dr. Jess, I'm here to fix your mask. Fix your mask. It's getting very much messy. Let me fix it. Morning everybody. It's DJ Envy. Jess. Hilarious. Charlamagne the guy. We are The Breakfast Club. It's time for just fix my mess. Hello? Who's this? Anonymous? Okay, anonymous. What's your question for Jess? I, long story short, I cheated on my fiance And I found a GPS tracker in my car recently And I don't know what to do. Stop cheating.


That's what you gotta stop doing because that's why you, how long you've been cheating. He's obviously been on to you for a while. How long? Yeah, he found out. I told him I, I came clean. But we're trying to work on things. Trying to work on things. So you recently found the tracker after admitting that you were a cheater. Yes. Correct. Okay. So that tells me that he does not believe you. You know, he still does not trust that you are done cheating. Are you done with cheating? No. Right. Damn, man. And you are questioning why you have a goddamn GPS tracker in your car and you're not done cheating. So why did you come To me? I don't know what to do with the release.


Have you ever wished for a change but weren't sure how to make it? Maybe you feel stuck in a job or a place or a relationship. Join me, Emily Tisch Sussman. Over on She Pivots where I explored the inspiring pivots of women. Dig deeper into the personal reasons behind them and leave you with the inspiration you need to make your next pivot. Every Wednesday I sit down with women like Kamala Harris, Vanessa Hudgens, and armchair expert host Monica Padman. This March we are continuing to uplift women in honor of Women's History Month with episodes from powerhouse governor Gretchen Whitmer. I Fell in love with public policy and that's kind of when I pivoted. Then later we dive into the rise of women's sports to learn how leaders like sports investor Carolyn Tisch Blodgett, and former Gotham FC Champion Turn Coach Michelle Betos are shaping the industry. Come join us and listen to She Pivots on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts.


Hey, what's up y'all? This is Eric Andre. Well, I made a podcast called Bombing about absolutely tanking on stage. I tell gnarly stories And I talk to friends about their worst moments of bombing in all sorts of ways. Bombing on stage, bombing in public, bombing in life. Tune The time I talked to fashionista stylist, icon Queen of Melrose, about the time she got arrested on the TV series. Cops, Why are you on cops? So, I'm in la this is when I first come to LA again and I'm here for each a few years And I go, let me go buy some drugs. The Catton and Santa Monica Boulevard. There was the drug spot there. So there I go, I'm buying drugs. And then all of a sudden they're like, you're on cops. And I turn around. Oh, So you don't even what? It's just a microphone in my face and a camera. Oh God. Listen to bombing with Eric Andre on Will Ferrell's Big Money Players Network on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts.


I I be with every, Have you ever looked into the night sky and wondered who or what was flying around up there? We've seen planes, helicopters, hot air, balloons and birds. But what if there's something else? Something much more ominous that appears under the cover of night, silent, unseen watching. They may be right above your car late one night as you cruise down the road or look like mysterious lights hovering above your home. Drones. Or are they, we Used the word drone because it was comfortable to other people.


One minute was there and one minute it wasn't. Oh, that is beyond creepy. Do you feel like this drone was targeting you specifically? Yes, absolutely. Listen to obscure invasion of the drones on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts.


This is John Cameron Mitchell and my new fiction podcast series, cancellation Island Stars Holly Hunter as Karen, a wellness influencer who launches a rehab for the recently canceled in the future. We will all be canceled for 15 minutes. But don't worry, we'll take you from broke to woke or your money back. Cancellation Island's revolutionary rehab therapies like bad touch football, anti-racism, spin class, and mandatory ayahuasca ceremonies are designed to force the cancel to confront their worst impulses. But everything starts to fall apart when people start disappearing. Karen, where have you brought us? Cancellation Island. Where a second chance might just be your last listen to Cancellation Island on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts or wherever you get your podcasts.


Oh, you wanna, oh, okay baby. You gotta get up outta there if you wanna live your life and you, you know, you, you still feel like you got some, some other things that you're, you know, you don't wanna cheat on the person, do you? You know what, Emini here, I, I don't. No, just Leave him because you're obviously, you're not happy. You're cheating for a reason and he's not happy. But I Either, I still love him though. I do. And that's how it works. You, you always love the person that you cheat on. You know what? Emini here, you love them, but it's something that he's lacking that you can't get there. Right. Gotcha. Something that he's, that he's not doing that you really, really wish that he would do. And although you don't wanna leave him, you still find, you know, you still looking for something else and you're finding it out in the streets and that's still not, are you married or this is your boyfriend.


We're engaged and we bought a house together eight years ago. So Y'all ain't making it down that owl girl. I know you love him, but damn you ain't even married and you doing, you cheating. I think you should just Right. I think you should just revoke that whole engagement. Go and live your life. How old you I took the ring already. How old are you? I'm 46. You 46? Yeah. Too old. We playing around still. Okay. Okay. She need to be Neo's fifth girlfriend. That's what it sound like. She need, she, You, you, you into the poll situation. I think that's what you need. You need somebody who's gonna be comfortable with you doing these things. I know he already bought the ring. I understand. But would this be better that he found out after you married him or right now I think it makes more sense that he found out now.


And I think that you just need to look in the mirror and just be honest with yourself. Marriage is not for you. Especially not a committed marriage. It's not for you right now. I'm not saying forever, but that ain't something that's, that's for you right now. 'cause you know, you gotta give him the choice. You know what Emini here right now, you, you're not really giving him a choice. You know, you, you wanna lead him on and he marry you and you know you're still gonna cheat. I love your honesty. You like, no, I ain't finna cheating yet. But you can't walk down the aisle. You know, I love it. I talked for a reason. Like I'm not trying to Emini here. Excuse me. Okay. Yeah. I I want real advice. Yeah. So just like I have to tell my therapist everything.


Yeah. He can't help me if I lie or if I withhold. Yeah. And, and that's, that's sexual apart from everybody else. People would be calling up here lying to me, leaving out parts of the story. I applaud your honesty. But you, you cannot get married and you have to tell him that you're not ready for marriage. But I'm the one that wants to get married and he doesn't Emini here. He, he is the one that's holding back Emini here. Obviously. He gave me a ring which indicates he would wanna marry me, but he could also just be leading me on leading you on. We've been together 10 years. Yep. You, you can't get married. The, the, the advice is still the same. I know you wanna get married but you are not ready. I'm telling you. This ain't about him no more. It's about you.


You're not ready to get married. You're not. 'cause you're not finished playing the field. You know what Emini here and that's totally fine. But you gotta do that single, you know? Right. You, you, he already got trust issues. You found a GPS tracker That is scary. It's scary as hell. But what's also, yeah, but what's also scary is being engaged to somebody that keeps cheating. It, it, it's, it's crazy and it's, it's scary knowing that I have to track my woman because I'm afraid that she ain't gonna never stop cheating. I know she's doing something and we ain't even make it down the aisle yet. So Yes, while marriage is something that you want, that's the law further down the line for you boo. Thank you. You welcome babe. I'm sorry. Good luck mama. Just fix my mess.


See what I'm saying? And you wanted Amber Rose to stop the slut walk. Okay. I want her to stop. She wanted to stop because Of her. You ladies need something to do. I didn't want her to stop. I just felt like it was complete contradictory. Why she stopped 805 8 5 1 0 5 1. Just fix my mess. It's The Breakfast Club. Good morning. Me. It's the real pill. Help me. Help Me. Oh my God. I'm all up in your mess. I'm gonna fix it. Fix it, fix it, fix it. Just gonna fix your mess. 'cause my advice is real Morning everybody, it's DJ NV Jess. Hilarious. Charlemagne the guy. We are The Breakfast Club.


We're in the middle of just fix my mess. We have she on a lot right? Hello? Sherry. Oh Sherry, I'm sorry. Take us off Bluetooth for speaker. Sherry. Sherry. Sherry. Sherry. I yelling that lady. She yelling at me. Damn. Sherry, what's your question for Jess? Got Brooklyn scar look envy. I'm a fan star. What's good? What's good? Good morning. Morning club. Morning. The Breakfast Club. Morning. What? Five Bitch shot The clock. You sound drunk. Definitely Shot The clock. We It's five o'clock, so with y'all. All right Jazz. So I want you to fix my mess. What's up baby? What you got? All right. I got this X right now. We was together for like two years and then we were still together physically for two years after we had broke up.


But in those two years we broke up. He was with another person living with her, engaged to her. I don't care about that. I trained that, meet myself, you feel me? So it was kind of hard for me to leave that alone regardless. So whatever we broke up for, you know, trying to train somebody else from scratch is kind of hard. But I attempted and when I attempted they was just terrible back to back. And I'm like, I'm not kissing all these frogs till I get a prince. You feel me? Like some of them is just toads And I, so I just wanna know what I should do girl. Because you know that that meet is forever mine. Or should I let this girl have her fiance? Like I think you should go if they gonna be married and all that. You feel Me? I I know, I know. But this is the thing. 'cause it, I, I think I wanna tell you to go ahead and pursue him.


'cause that should ask you train that meeting and all of that. I get that. But if he's about to walk down the aisle with another shorty and he just, you know, at this point he's just using you for the convenience success. See, It's not using when I'm the one initiating, I I I hit him up like I know y'all got whatever y'all got going on, but you busy today. 'cause I need something real quick, you feel me? But I'm gonna know like, well I don't think you got anything to even worry about. 'cause once shorty get a, you know, get a whiff of this cool, cool, cool. She ain't walking down the aisle so you gonna have him believe it or not. See, no, that's the thing. I don't never want him back. Oh my. You want that. And that's why I let him have this fiance because you know, let that girl deal with a headache. I just feel me? I just wanna know, should I keep doing that?


Should I be abstinate? You feel me? Like what should I do? Ja no I don't. She just want the meet. Jess. I don yeah, I, it, it's so much meat out here. I I think, you know, you train one dog, you can train another one. It it is, it's Fine. Yes. That's the thing. Say it is. And when I tried it, it was terrible. Yeah. Let her have back to back. Let her have that, that's her headache now. And I think, like I said, you, you done all you want is to meet. That's fine. Some things just run its course. You need to leave him alone. Let him be married. Let him figure it out. That ain't for him either. 'cause obviously if he's still willingly cheating on his fiance, he ain't even walked on the aisle yet, then that's, that's something that he gonna keep doing. You ain't even gotta be a casualty of that. I know you initiating and all that, but would you want your man, your, your fiance to do the same thing to you?


I Don't. Exactly. And what's gonna come a time where somebody's gonna put a ring on your finger Miss Ma'am? 'cause if you train in meat and all that. Yes, I believe God. Say that again Jess. I think he ain't hear you. So I want you to leave that alone. Jess, Where you think she from? I say Brooklyn. She definitely from New York. I don't even know the, the barrels the or whatever, but she definitely from New York. Remember What you think? I smell Brooklyn but I, I'm sorry I smell Brooklyn but I think it's the Bronx Emini here. Stein ho Jay what? Brooklyn. I can smell Brooklyn. Yeah. Yeah. I smell Brooklyn. I don think gotta smell. Okay. Good luck in training that d the the meat, whatever they call It That's right. Says Yo, you gotta stop repeating things just 'cause you hear people saying, I Just like it.


Hell That Crazy. I said, I said good luck with training the d She ain't never say she trained the D she said I trained that meat. No, But you ain't him adlibbing you in the background talking. Train that meat. Train that DI did not say that. Yes you did. Did you wanna be with the girls though? You said thank me, I saved you. Goodbye Sherry. Thank You boo. Yo, Sherry, Sherry drunk as shit, y'all. Oh my gosh. All right. Just fix my mess. 805 8 5 1 0 5. Oh we got the rumors coming up. We got the latest with Lauren. We gonna figure out what she got soon. She's set in the seat. Alright, We'll get to it. Next is The Breakfast Club. Good morning. The Breakfast Club Morning everybody.


I've been that before. It's DJ np, just hilarious. Charlemagne the God. Let's get to the rumors. Hey, yo. Worldwide Method on The Breakfast Club. She's the coach with Lauren. Lauren LaRosa. I'm back And I got the mess. Talk to me. All right, so Jim Jones and Cameron. You guys still Yeah, right. I was gonna say y'all exhausted by that yet? Well, hell Yeah. Especially at the gym came up after 30 business days to talk about it. Like, god damn. All right. What happened? Well, when Jim Jones was here, speaking of Charlamagne, you asked him what did freaky have to say about everything?


Let's take a listen to Jim up here. What does Freak say? What does freaky Zeke say? I don know What freak freak bugging me out right now. You heard Freak ain't crazy position right now. But I wanted him to get his money and do whatever business moves he need to do. You dig, shouts to Amir. Freak. He always gonna be my brother for life. No freak for a very long time. You wearing the hat? And that's what we all want is to coach it too. Like make yeah make Dipset great again. Like I'm Doing that. I've been doing that. You heard? And I bought him Freak because we heard from Joels, Joels did an interview and he gave his side. Yep. I haven't heard from Freak. Yep. Well freaky Ziggy sat down with the art of dialogue and finally spoke out about the back and forth of the beef. Let's take a listen. Lot of y'all motherfuckers is real ignorant. Y is ignorant.


Amos, you know what Emini here. Yani dumb. Who said that? Your mother suck. Wait, who said that? Who said that? Just gotta relax. There's no beef between Cam and gym. Beef is when a person you driving and a cut you off in the front and you cut you off in the back and you gotta shoot out your windshield and shooting out his windshield that they had you pour in. It was going to end your life. Beef is serious. They don't really got beef. And the point that I'm making, let me, I'm trying your ball Freaky trying to school you. All the ignorant motherfuckers ain't going to get it. Kim is not selling crack any that was in the past. No, he's not selling dope. Jim is not selling crack. He's not selling dope.


We're not selling any substances anymore. We're selling algorithm. Mm. Freaky they not. I was A little lost for a little minute. Yeah, you was scanning a little bit. He was like, nigga shoot out the window. He Was like, they said it's not as serious as people are trying to make it. They done been through some real serious stuff. They'll get through this. That's basically what was the summation of it. And they're both pushing their respective products. Yes. Jim got an album out Cam got it is what it is. And I it is good for the algorithms. Yes sir. Now Journey Smot. Now y'all, this story is gonna be a little crazy. So Journey Smollett, that is the sister of Jesse Smollett. Yes. Her ex-husband wants half of her retirement, including the money that she has worked hard for as an entertainer after she done already paid a million dollars.


Is he Black? Yes. Oh my god. Now listen to this. So Journey Smollett, she's been in y'all Emini here. You should know Who she is. But yeah, absolutely. Kids back. You know back in the day she started as a Child. She's been working since she was three years old. Yeah. She's been putting money in her SAG pension since she was three years old. And her ex-husband is basically saying now he wants more money. So when they divorced back in, they separated in 2019, she has had to pay her ex-husband a combined total of $7,000 per month in child support and alimony payments. They were married in 2010. The divorce was finalized in 2021. And then reportedly she paid him close to a million dollars just as a part of their settlement for their divorce. Right. So it was a nasty divorce.


So now he's like, okay, well that was cute but there's a 401k and there's a SAG pension that I know you are still putting money in. Specifically he is asking about money from 2010 to 2019 or that I guess he feels like he didn't get the talk or touch when that we're going through the divorce settlement. He's asking for 50% of the funds that she, she got between 2010 and 2019. So these could be royalties, whatever that go into this pension from SAG and that 401k. Now, as I mentioned, she already paid 'em a million dollars in reportedly in spousal support as a part of their divorce settlement. And people online are debating this because it's like, bro, she's worked hard for that money. But If the roles were reversed, right, if the roles were reversed, Nobody would even care.


They'd be like get a, get a young lady. Her money. Exactly. So what would, what would happen legally if the roles were reversed? If, if she was to get that money? I don't, I don't see it. A problem is you gotta play both sides. You gotta play fair, right? Yeah. Emini here you do gotta pay equality. You definitely gotta pay fair. And I will say that that period coincides with their marriage. So it does make the funds subject to California's community property law, which normally requires that any marital assets have to be divided equally. Right. That's why a lot of times people try and do their divorces and all that, the child support situations in California. 'cause you get more out of it, but they just happened to, you know, live there during the time. So we'll see what happens with that. But baby, they've been dragging him online. Like leave that girl alone. So there's that crazy, Hey man, Trump tariffs got everybody trying to get their money.


Right. Crazy. You need a couple extra dollars. Right? Well is He deserving of it though? I don't know the story. I don I so I don't fully, I Don't fully Does he work with her? Has he ever done anything contributed to, you Know, so the, what they're basing this on is the, that California marriage law that I mentioned where it's basically like they were together during a period of time. So assets, I don't know how like they're prenup or non prenup situation. When Were they, when did they get married? They were married in the divorce finalized in 2021. They were married in 2010. Damn. So he's asking for things from 2010 to 2019. These must have been things, I'm assuming these have to be things that like maybe weren't accounted for originally in the divorce. Law is the law. I'm with Char that laws Local law says.


Yeah Because if the, if the Roles were reversed, nobody with be the law. That's right. So If if you, you can't be mad. The Law is the law. I get It. Well Emini here. Yeah. So if this happens, you know, she can try and contest it but if she doesn't contest it then you know, it'll whatever. Now speaking of money, you know people spinning their Corn Fire festival. Y'all heard about that? It's coming back. Come Back. Yeah, It's coming back. What's homie's name? What's dude's name that that make sure that show going? Andy. Billy Andy. A part of it. Billy McFarland. Billy McFarland. Oh, you talking about Andy with the water. That's Right. Is he a part of it? Yo, Andy Was willing to give CIO for water. What? You gotta keep a D suck D sucker on your team just in case.


You never know. Listen, That's one of the best documentaries I ever watched before. Listen, he might need a rider like Andy, Billy McFarland, who is the creator of the festival, might need a rider like him because the location in Mexico where they've announced at Fyre Festival two will go down and saying we've no, that's not happening. Oh Boy. Don't take that. Don't take that ish over there to my second country. Don't do that. Don't put it over there in Mexico. Well, according to officials, I don't know how you pronounce the area of Mexico, but for according to officials in the area of Mexico where the FY Festival two is supposed to go down, ask, Just Say it. You how There you go, Jess. Okay, so if LA in Mexico, okay, you see me, the tickets have gone on sale, but the paperwork has not been officially filed yet according to those officials.


Now on Wednesday, somebody from the city of city hall, from Mexico Island came out and they said general direct director of tourism of that area of Mexico informs us that no persons or company has requested permits for this office or any other municipal government department for the said event. Boy. Now tickets is on sale. On sale. Like they got tickets. Thousands and thousands of dollars smell Like another scam. Cheapest Ticket at 1400 general Tickets are starting at $1,400. For What though? What you buying? Is there people performing? Have they a announcing any performance? Anything, Right? I'm on the website right now. No performance Is it? And what is crazy as yo, if you already seen what happened with the first one, why would you even be somebody buying? I'm not even gonna Hold you another with these new, these this new generation talkers.


I think people want to go just to say, oh, they would go, Just say they went my, I was a part of it. I, you know what Emini here, But according to es, nobody ever heard nothing about It. One Mexican baby, first of all Mexican Mind your business. Yeah. So there, there's, if never heard of it, there's Ignite ticket for 1400. The Fuego, which goes up to like over $5,000. The Phoenix ticket. Oh that's your dumb, goes up to $12,500. You an idiot. You buying, you just Stupid. Your hotel and all that. And then there's the Prometheus. Prometheus Prometheus. Prometheus is not a Spanish word. I don't know where That, the website is not even, I can't even click stuff. Yeah, it it is weird. She's sitting here with it. The website looks crazy.


They Just threw that out there to see if people that's gonna say tomorrow. I Think they said tomorrow when I was watching the news, they said it goes on sale tomorrow and nobody in Mexico knows anything about it. Right. They haven't announced any artist performing. They haven't announced anything. It sounds very scam worthy. And we know it's a lot of fraudulent activity going on right now with everything. I Could buy a ticket right now. Envy you can. Or maybe they just threw that out there to see what the interest is in FY Festival. Let test The brand and then he drop the rest of the information. You know what's crazy though? Random observation. What? Lizzo look good. Lizzo been coming down. Lizzo Looks amazing. And I turned and she was turning around real slow. It don't give rotisserie gotta Festival. She didn't sound like that. I was like, Liz, she said It's a random observation, but I'm not gonna Random observation.


Every time she hit my timeline, I go look at her page look good Because Lizzo Looks amazing, right? Yeah. Y'all haven't seen Lizzo lately? What? No, I haven't seen her. I haven seen Her giving it is giving Cornish. He now not rotisserie chicken. You know, they bigger. Whoa. But the the Cornish hen. Yeah. That's Ozempic small. Is it Majaro? No, no. It it don't give Ozempic or Majaro. It give she been in that gym. She been little with a little stress As after Look at her. She looks Good. Yes. Okay, look at her. Hal's amazing. It don't give Ozempic it give like she Yeah, yeah. No, it doesn't look like the Big Oz Lizzo. Absolutely. She's lost a ton of weight. She's, she's been open about the journey too. And she's been posting like her workouts and all that stuff.


Well call big dank Lizzo. Tell her what you've been doing. No, she can't Do that because what isn't? Oh, I'm not supposed to say that publicly. What, what, What, What? Didn't somebody offer big dang something or I'm not supposed Off that. What she had, I thought she said special lives up here. When she came said, I Thought she said that. I thought she said it in the interview. Somebody offered or something. I could have sworn a ball on their podcast. I don't remember What gym membership you talk about the Sex toy deal. No, I'm about something to lose weight, Lauren. Oh, I didn't, I didn't. Emini here. Oh Well nevermind Lizzo. Call Big Dan, tell her what you've been doing man. So big Dan. Can you get down to a certain size and then you know she can go and have a surgery after that. Yes. Yes. That's right. Yes. Maybe somebody need to sue Big Dan. 'cause look, when Lizzo was getting sued, she was in that gym heavy. So that was workout with mixed with a little bit of stress. Lizzo look good.


And I told y'all Whoopi Goldberg look good at the Oscars too. Whoopi Goldberg. Look damn good at the Oscars. Yeah. All Right, well that is the rumors. Alright, now keep it locked to mixes up next. Let's go. She did breakfast. Good morning. Wake up. Wake up. You're locked into The Breakfast Club. Morning everybody, it's DJ Envy. Jess Hilarious. Charlemagne the guy. We are The Breakfast Club. Jess, you're gonna be in Atlanta soon. I absolutely am. Next Wednesday and Thursday you can catch me at the Atlanta Comedy Theater in Norcross. Y'all make sure y'all get y'all tickets at Jess Hilarious official.com or show clicks.com. I will be promoting on my page so y'all can get the direct link in my bio. But I will be doing meet and greet after the second show of each night.


I haven't done meet and greet since Colleen Texas and that's 'cause y'all gave me Covid out there in Texas. But I, I've started doing meet and greet again. So Atlanta next week make sure you get your tickets for Atlanta Comedy Theater. Me and my brother Desi Alexander will be at the Atlanta Comedy Theater Wednesday and Thursday. Alright, now when we come back, we got the positive notice, The Breakfast Club. Good morning. Morning everybody. It's Djj Envy, Jess. Hilarious. Charlamagne the guy. We are The Breakfast Club. We gotta salute to Dr. West Bellamy for joining us this morning and also BDot. That's right man. Make sure you support what they're doing with the BCIC. It's in Charlotte Wind March 20th through the 23rd. Yes, the Bojangles Coliseum. That's right. So go get your tickets for that


and go get your tickets for the third annual Black Effect Podcast Festival happening Saturday, April 26th at Pullman Yards in Atlanta, Georgia. Okay. It is an unforgettable day of live podcast, inspiring conversations and a celebration of the podcast culture. So we got the RB Money podcast with Tank and Jay Valentine. Carrie Champion will be there with the Neck of Sports podcast. Mandy and Weezy are hosting from Decisions Decisions. Sarah Jake Roberts will be there with the Woman of all podcast. Good Moms Bad Choices will be there. So go to black effect.com/podcast Festival to get you tickets right now.


And the positive note is simply this man, it comes from the great Dr. Wayne W. Day. You know I love Wayne w Daya. He says, you may have convinced yourself that giving is impossible because you have too little for yourself. Well, if you are not generous when it is difficult, you will not be generous when it is easy. Generosity is a function of the heart, not the wallet. Have a great day. Breakfast Club Bitches. Y'all finish or y'all done?


Hi listeners, it's Emily Tisch Sussman, host of the podcast. She pivots this march. We're honoring Women's History Month with episodes from powerhouse governor Gretchen Whitmer. I fell in love with public policy and that's kind of when I pivoted. Then later we dive into the rise of women's sports by hearing how sports investor Carolyn Tisch Lodge is shaping the industry. Come join us and listen to She Pivots on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts.


What would you do if mysterious drones appeared over your hometown? I started asking questions, what do you remember happening on that night of December 16th? It actually rotated around our house looking as if it was tearing in each window of our Home. I'm Gabe Lenner from Imagine iHeartPodcasts and Len's Entertainment. Listen to obscure invasion of the drones wherever you get your favorite podcasts.


Do you remember what you said the first night I came over here? Ow goes lower from Blumhouse tv, iHeartPodcasts and Ember 20 comes an all new fictional comedy podcast series. Join the flighty Damien Hurst as he unravels the mystery of his vanish boyfriend. I've been spending all my time looking for answers about what happened to Santi and what's the way to find a missing person. Sleep with everyone he knew. Obviously, listen to the hookup on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you listen to your favorite shows.


Hi, I am Bob Pipman, chairman and CEO of iHeartMedia. I'm excited to introduce a brand new season of my podcast, math and Magic Stories. From the Frontiers of marketing, I'm having conversations with some folks across a wide range of industries to hear how they reach the top of their fields and the lessons they learned along the way that everyone can use. I'll be joined by innovative leaders like Chairman and CEO of Elf Beauty, Teang Amin, legendary singer songwriter and philanthropist Jewel. Being A rockstar is very fun, but helping people is way more Fun. And Damien Maldonado, CEO of American Financing, I figured Out the formula. I just have to work hard than that's Magic. Join me as we uncover innovations in data and analytics, the math and the ever important creative spark the magic. Listen to math and magic on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcast.