Nissan (0s):
Gear up for outdoor adventures with the 2024 Nissan Pathfinder. This mid-size SUV is designed for Epic journeys. Offer a spacious seating for eight available panoramic moonroof and an available intelligent four-wheel drive feature with seven drive modes. Take your off-road experience to new heights. Discover the 2024 Nissan Pathfinder at Nissan usa.com. Intelligent all-wheel drive cannot prevent collisions or provide enhanced traction in all conditions. Always monitor traffic and weather conditions to one capacity, varies by configuration. See Nissan Towing Guide and Owner's manual for additional information. Always secure cargo.

AT&T (34s):
Everyone loves getting good advice and staying in the know. There's nothing like getting a heads up on something before you even had time to think about whether you need it or wanted. Well, thankfully, at and t provides personalized recommendations and solutions so you get what's right for you. Whether right for you means a plan that's better suited for you and your family or product that makes sense for you and your lifestyle. So relax and let at t provide proactive recommendations to help empower your best connected life.

Coca-Cola (1m 8s):
You could sit there and listen to ads, or you could take a moment to have a Diet Coke break. First, grab a chill diet Coke 'cause If. you wanted to be perfect. It needs to be crispy. Next, get a big cup of ice. 'cause everyone knows Diet Coke is best served swimming and ice. Then sip it slowly. Feel that burn and enjoy your break for as long as possible. When you need a break, don't forget to grab an ice cold Diet Coke and take a Diet Coke break.

Coca-Cola (1m 37s):
This is Coke zero sugar. Could I be the best Coke ever? Try and taste with your ears here. Those bubbles, imagine them tingling on your top busy deliciousness. Listen to that cascading liquid. A mouthwatering waterfall, irresistibly tasty, zero sugar, crisp, refreshing, and ice. Gold is Coke. Zero sugar the best Coke ever. Try and decide.

Purdue Global (2m 7s):
Are you ready to move your career forward? Make your comeback with Purdue Global and get college credit for your work, school, life, or military experiences. With these credits you may have already completed up to 75% of your undergraduate degree. You've worked hard to get where you are. It's time to get the recognition you deserve and earn a degree you'll be proud of. One that employers will trust and respect when you take the next step in your life and career. Make it count with Purdue Global. Purdue's Online University for working adults. Start your comeback@purdueglobal.edu.

2 (2m 39s):
Black important mainstream.

5 (2m 43s):
You got one of the biggest things in America. Culture.

2 (2m 46s):
They not like us. Think everybody should go on The, Breakfast, Club. You wanna shake it up? Ain't not like flowers. What? The. Breakfast. Club. The family guy. Just hilarious. I'm the wild card. Keep the fuck real. And Charlamagne the guy. I'm a lovable athlete

6 (2m 60s):
For your clown. Yo, I'm loving that energy up there right now. Sometimes you gotta pop out this show now. Let's begin. Good morning. USA Yo

8 (3m 11s):
Yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo,

6 (3m 14s):
Yo yo. Good morning Lauren. Good

9 (3m 15s):
Morning. Envy.

6 (3m 16s):
Charlamagne is running a little late and it's Monday,

9 (3m 22s):
Man. It's been a weekend. How

6 (3m 23s):
You feeling?

9 (3m 24s):
I feel great. We did Fashion Week stuff that, so I went to the Fashion Bomb Daily Show. I went to the OFFWHITE events yesterday. Okay. I just been running around. Yeah.

6 (3m 34s):
How was the OFFWHITE event last night? The OFFWHITE

9 (3m 36s):
Event was lit. It was in this hotel that's new. I think the hotels, I don't even remember the name, but it's like some new hotel. So the party was throughout the whole hotel. Really? They wanted you to go? Yeah. So we got to see the rooms. We got to go like, there's like two rooftop areas. It was dope. It was like black women DJs dope. Like it was fire. It was a bi lot of people in the room too.

6 (3m 56s):
Dope, dope, dope. Shout to my family over at Godspeed. They had their Fashion Week event on Friday. Oh yeah, I saw you dj. Yes. I pulled up and DJing for that.

9 (4m 2s):
Why didn't tell you was DJing? I

6 (4m 3s):
Would've went You know what? They called me like, yo e, we need you to spin for a little bit. If you can. And those are my, that's my family. They from Queens. So I was like, all I'm gonna pull up. So I pulled up and spun and it was a good, a good time. I seen they boogie there, cash Cobain DA Dave East. A lot of people pulled up for them. So it was dope. Man. I love what them brothers from Queens are doing. So salute to them. What up Charlamagne? Peace. What a weekend of Pure chaos. It was, wasn't it? Oh,

9 (4m 24s):
Okay.

6 (4m 25s):
My

9 (4m 25s):
God. The NFL just shattered everybody's dreams and hopes and all that good stuff. I'm

6 (4m 29s):
Not gonna say that football came back this weekend. Yes. Football. What are you talking about? Football came. Oh, your Giants got the ass bus yesterday. So you act like You know going on. I didn't know football came back.

9 (4m 39s):
Oh, I can hear It was the, maybe I need to charge these.

6 (4m 41s):
Yes, you do need to charge the

9 (4m 43s):
Wow.

6 (4m 43s):
You gotta charge them guys. I were charged the whole weekend. Oh. Oh.

9 (4m 46s):
Well I can hear now. I couldn't hear before. Yeah,

6 (4m 49s):
They was usually have to be charged fully Charged. Hello? Hello? He says hello. Like the music's not playing. Like the bed's not playing. Like everything's not playing. But we'll discuss it. Know what it is. Somebody got. Oh yeah, you gotta plug this up somewhere else. All right.

9 (5m 3s):
His don't work over there. They had, I think they had to move it because he couldn't hear over there.

6 (5m 7s):
Oh yeah. As long, if yours is plugged in over here, And I can't hear mine Kitchen. You gotta love this place. Well we got a lot to discuss this morning. Chloe Bailey will be joining us this morning. My rich cousin Chloe. That's right. We

9 (5m 17s):
Having some girl talk

6 (5m 19s):
Trouble in Paradise. Her album is out right now and she's in the new series. Fight Night on Peacock. Got a few series. She's in Fight Night. She just rapped movie Exorcism. It's another film too. I can't remember the name of it though. Yeah. So we'll be talking to Chloe Bailey in a little bit and we got a a a major announcement this morning as well. Alright, let's get the show cracking. We got front page news. Morgan will be joining us. It The Breakfast Club. Good morning.

7 (5m 41s):
Yeah. Former President Donald Trump. He will not be sentenced before the election in his New York hush money case. After hearing the decision, Trump said the whole case is a sham. He called it Third World Banana Republic stuff. And the former president was scheduled to be sentenced on September 18th for his felony conviction connected to payments made to adult film actress Stormy Daniels. Now Judge Juan Merchan ruled that the new sentencing date is November 26th. Trump's attorney successfully argued that to postpone the sentencing so they can create an appeal related to the Supreme Court ruling about presidential immunity. In his ruling, Merchan noted that he wanted to avoid the appearance that the sentencing might influence the the November election.

7 (6m 23s):
Now this comes at the same time, separate case that Trump was in New York for his court case against E Gene Carroll, the sexual assault case. Now Trump says the allegations against him also in that case are a scam. Let's hear those comments from Trump on his sexual assault case.

10 (6m 39s):
And all I can say is that I never met the woman other than this picture, which could have been AI generated. I don't know. We go down to court today to talk about this case is a scam. Never met her, never touched her, never had anything to do with her.

7 (7m 2s):
So he doesn't have a guilty verdict for the sexual assault per se, but he does have, he is held partially liable for defaming her in the amount of $5 million for comments that he made regarding allegations. He assaulted the columnists in nights in the 1990s. Now, Trump has denied the assault claims and his attorneys argued the verdict was unjust because of flawed rulings from the judge. Now the former president wants to erase that verdict and the other one that amounts to over $88 million. So that's where Trump was last week, where we were trying to figure out why he not on the campaign trail. He was in court also over the weekend, a former president. He rallied in the key battleground state of Wisconsin. He called for changes in the 25th Amendment during that stop in Central Wisconsin.

7 (7m 45s):
And he also said that accused vice President Kamala Harris about lying about President Biden's mental state. Now If, you don't know about the 25th Amendment. That basically clarifies that the vice president, if the vice president becomes president because that president dies resigns or is removed from office by impeachment. It also establishes a procedure, a You know standard procedure for filing or filling that vacancy in the office of the vice president. So yeah, Trump been, he been busy, he been busy in court and behind the scenes pulling on strings. Do we have time for one more?

6 (8m 20s):
No, we gotta do it when we come back.

7 (8m 21s):
Alright, well we'll talk more on the other side then. We've got a lot. That's right.

6 (8m 26s):
And we'll give you the football scores next hour as well. You don't wanna give out the football scores 'cause it's Giants lost. But just know Kendrick Lamar ain't gonna be the only people, the only person performing in the Super Bowl this February. 'cause my Dallas Cowboys

7 (8m 37s):
Had one. Y'all got one? Okay. Hey,

6 (8m 39s):
Calm down. One on the way to the Super Bowl. Morgan d Lulu. Okay, d Lulu. Hey, this all you D Lulu. This is the Dallas Cowboys. Yeah, I would ask you to drop one of clues bombs to it but the bomb probably won't happen. Oh, there you go. Alright. Okay. That's right. Drop one of clues bombs for my Dallas Cowboy.

9 (8m 55s):
That's how you could tell y'all ain't going nowhere. 'cause that's the only thing that worked this morning. Damn.

6 (8m 59s):
Mm Damn. And everybody else get it off your chest. 805 8 5 1 0 5 1. You see I'm very quiet Morgan. 'cause my team got smashed. And. I just gotta shut the F up. But everybody else get it off your chest. 805 8 5 1 0 5 1. They wanna give up one of the best running backs and give it to the Eagles, which is right down the road and let the, let 'em score three touchdowns. But it's okay. It's okay. It's okay. It wouldn't matter. It's alright. 800. He wouldn't do that on the Giants 805 8. I'm just gonna shut up. It's

9 (9m 24s):
A new week. Week two. Week two

6 (9m 25s):
Underway. Nah. Week two look bad for us too. All right. But get it off your chest it. The, Breakfast, Club. Good morning

11 (9m 30s):
The. Breakfast Club. This is your time to get it off your chest. Whether you're mad or

6 (9m 37s):
Blessed, I hate the way that you walk, the way that you talk. I hate the way that you dress. Everything with me is blessed.

11 (9m 44s):
Call up next (800) 585-1051. Not

6 (9m 47s):
Just me, I'm with the coach of feeling. What's up? Oh boy. What's up Trav?

12 (9m 51s):
Yeah, what's going on? Envy? What's up Lauren?

9 (9m 54s):
Good morning.

6 (9m 55s):
I know. Why you calling Trav? Go ahead. Run your little cowboy today.

12 (9m 57s):
That's right. Listen, listen, go ahead. Yeah, had to, had to get y'all out the way real quick. I gotta talk to my guy real quick. Where's Charlamagne at? Sharp

6 (10m 4s):
Trav. What up sis?

12 (10m 5s):
We going to the bowl.

6 (10m 6s):
We going to the Super Bowl baby down in Cowboys and Kendrick Lamont. Okay. 33 17.

12 (10m 14s):
Yeah, that's right. You look my man got that money now. Envy my man. Got that money now. Envy is a problem.

6 (10m 20s):
Dak got his bag's. C Lamb got his bag. Not mad at it. Z back. Trav. You know we've been up here 15 years and you've been saying the same thing for 15 years. That don't matter. That's called, that's called belief.

12 (10m 29s):
Hey. Hey. It's called delusion. It's gonna happen one day. It's already happened five times. That's

6 (10m 33s):
Right. Goodbye. If. you believe you're gonna find a man? How long you've been single Lauren? Wow.

9 (10m 37s):
He's only famous. It's only been about a year. Listen, that's fine.

12 (10m 42s):
Can I say something to y'all real quick? Can I just talk about low key haters? I told my man, right?

6 (10m 47s):
You got a man.

12 (10m 48s):
Try. I be excited. My mans like my homie.

6 (10m 51s):
You got a man. His man, like

9 (10m 53s):
His homie,

6 (10m 53s):
His mans in them.

12 (10m 55s):
My homie. He's straight. He's straight. He's straight. He do music and stuff. Okay? So I'm excited. You know I got a little thou, I got, I got a thousand views on my video, right? So I'm talking to him, I'm like, yo, bro, I got a thousand views. Oh, I don't, ain't gonna lie. I don't be getting that for real. He like, oh bro. Thousand views. I'm like, dang, I can't get a like a congratulations. Like a, like a yo. That's, that's alright. Nothing like that.

6 (11m 15s):
Congratulations on your thousand views. Trav. I'm gonna tell you something about this generation. This generation does not understand numbers. And. I don't mean this from an age perspective. Just in the era that we're in, because everything is based on views and likes. You're how much a thousand people is. If a thousand people showed up anywhere you was at, you'd be so ecstatic and so happy. Yeah, but we see that online. You're like, what is

12 (11m 36s):
Thousand literal? What I said to him, I said, bro, a thousand people came up to you and complimented you. You would get sick of people complimenting you because a thousand people is a lot of people, bro. You

6 (11m 44s):
Would, you would appreciate a thousand dollars. You'd appreciate a thousand people You. know what I'm saying? Yeah. You'd appreciate a thousand hugs maybe, depending where you at.

12 (11m 52s):
Hey, I appreciate every single person that went and watched me in Blind Beauty's video. And, I. Truly appreciate it. And I. Thank

6 (11m 58s):
Sir. Well, congratulations Trav. And tell 'em where they could see it. Where they could find it

12 (12m 1s):
On YouTube. Type in outside HOES featuring Blind Beauty under Twin Williams. W-L-L-M-C.

6 (12m 10s):
All right, Trav, have a good one. Hello. Who's this?

13 (12m 13s):
This is D. What's up, envy.

6 (12m 14s):
What's up D? Get it off your chest,

13 (12m 16s):
Man. I'm upset about these giants, man. What? Upset about, I lost a lot of, I lost a lot of money last night. Let's playing with these giants, man. Why? Why would, and then the watch, at least I figured Malik N could score one touchdown. That's what we needed. And then to watch Sayquan put up three in Philly, man, I'm ready to choke somebody. Man. Ray choke.

6 (12m 36s):
And by the way, he wouldn't have put up three for the Giants, because the Giants offensive line is terrible. Okay. He put up three in Philly Super because the offensive line in Philly is great. The offense. Hey,

13 (12m 44s):
At least he lamb. At least See the lamb. Want me a hundred dollars though? Hey man, go ahead.

12 (12m 49s):
Cowboys, get that money.

6 (12m 50s):
Oh, I can't. Let's go baby. I just gonna talk about here Giants fan and let's go. Cowboys, get it off your chest. 805 8 5 1 0 5 1. If. you need to vent. Hit us up now. It's The. Breakfast, Club. Good morning, The. Breakfast Club. Hello. Who's this?

12 (13m 7s):
Yo, this Rev from South Carolina, man. 8 4 3. What's up red

6 (13m 10s):
From the Carolina low country. 8, 4, 3. What's happening? Get it off your chest. Red.

12 (13m 14s):
I'm good Charlotte. What's good? What's up everybody? What's up? Hey, hey. Wait, I, I just wanna, I just wanna say man, the NF NFL had one thing to do man. They had one job. Get a little Wayne on the halftime show, man. You

6 (13m 26s):
Well that's not that. That's not the NFL. That's Rock Nation and Apple And. I mean that's sure NFL got some. A little bit of say in it, but not much.

12 (13m 33s):
Yeah, that's true. That's true. But I mean, what we gotta give him his flowers while he's still here You. know what I'm saying? Like what, what Kendrick's Ball gonna do? He going, we going listen to not like us from a year ago.

6 (13m 43s):
Don't start that. Kendrick got hits, don't play and we gotta stop this got hits play like that. I hate the disrespect when people say things like, Kendrick is in this position 'cause of Drake or in this position. 'cause he's not like us. No. Kendrick got hits. Kendrick got 17 Grammys. No five classic projects. Like why do we do this Kenrick records And he has stayed.

12 (14m 2s):
Stop that. No Slan Kendrick. No slander of the Kendrick at all. But it's in New Orleans though. You know. I can understand if it was in Cali and they like, alright, cool. You know right place, right time. But this is new Orleans man. You gotta give, we out there the people

6 (14m 18s):
I 24 hours. I was looking forward to Lil Wayne and friends. But we've been saying that for the last couple of years. But I mean, damn. You give me Kendrick Lamar, I am not Matt You. know what I'm saying? I like the chaos. Okay. Hello. Who's this? Yes, R Rob. What's up? Get it off your chest. R

12 (14m 35s):
Hey Envy. What? What's good with them giants?

6 (14m 38s):
I don't know man. You know the sad part is my dad You know, stayed over my house all weekend long and Sunday morning he was like, let's just watch the games this morning. And we, we sat on that couch. We You know, watched the games. We had some good food and the Giants got trash. But then the Cowboy game came up next. I see your pops. If the Cowboys lose, I feel a little better. They didn't lose

9 (14m 57s):
He your dad a Giants fan. Yo, yo.

14 (14m 60s):
That's what it's about. It's about the Cowboys. Charlemagne let, let go black

6 (15m 6s):
And the Cowboys look good and the Eagles look good. Look at the radar and Kansas City look good and Baltimore look good. Just the Giants didn't look good at all. Like nasty. That's what you get for having expectations for them bum ass giants to be something shut up. I told you they wasn't gonna do a damn thing. Shut up. And. I. Hope your cowboys lose. I heard every player on your, on your team stumped their toe man. That's why. That's why the Giants not gonna have no success because see your problem is you don't know how to celebrate when you see other people winning. Here we go with this again. It's just the the truth. Here we go. This again, talk here. You learn to clap when it's not your turn. Okay? It wasn't y'all turn this week, it was our turn.

9 (15m 38s):
Can I ask a question? That probably not a a rule, but like when your team starts losing, why don't you go to like another team because that is

6 (15m 44s):
Gay. When I tell you that it is like that is like who wants to be with the losers? No, no. That is so, that is gay. Okay. And. I. I don't mean gay in, I don't mean gay in the You. know the gateway. I mean like that mean you don't do that. Okay. That is corny. That is not what you do. All you ride with your team. Tell the end. Who's your team? I

9 (16m 2s):
Don't have a team. Oh good. But I'm just saying that you shouldn't be

6 (16m 5s):
An Eagles fan from Delaware. 20.

9 (16m 8s):
I guess. I guess. I don't know. Yes. I don't have a team though. But I just always wondered why be so upset? Why not just I don't like

6 (16m 12s):
Go somewhere else. Turn Mike promotional team.

9 (16m 15s):
No. Oh

6 (16m 16s):
You got a professional team.

9 (16m 17s):
No, don't ask us who you heard em Delaware

6 (16m 21s):
Fight Have like that did shit. They said you ain't being, you wasn't serious. You, you better than wasn't serious. I wasn't serious. No I wasn't there. I just wanted to see If. you was gonna say something. Get it off your chest. That's crazy. 805 8 5 1 0 5 1. We got just with the mess with L

9 (16m 34s):
LaRosa. Yes. We are gonna get into this Super Bowl conversation. 'cause boy the Kendrick and Little Wayne had people arguing yesterday. Alright.

6 (16m 41s):
I love the chaos of it all. Well we'll get into that. Nexus. The. Breakfast, Club. Good morning The. Breakfast Club. Your

16 (16m 50s):
News is real. Whether Jessica, Robin Moore just don't

6 (16m 53s):
Do No, let's get to just with the mess with Lauren LaRosa. Your

16 (16m 56s):
News is real. Whether real Jessica, Robin Moore just don't do no lies.

6 (17m 0s):
Don't do,

9 (17m 3s):
She don't spare. Nobody

6 (17m 6s):
Worldwide, just worldwide mess on The. Breakfast Club, she's the coach. Lauren, Lauren la I'm back.

9 (17m 14s):
And, I got the mess. Talk, talk to

6 (17m 16s):
Me

9 (17m 18s):
Man. Kendrick Lamar got people arguing again, y'all, it was announced over the weekend that Kendrick Lamar will be headlining the Super Bowl 2025 performance. Come

6 (17m 29s):
On, drop on the cruise bombs for that.

9 (17m 31s):
Please drop something we got. Okay.

6 (17m 32s):
It's well deserved. He's it's well deserved. Well

9 (17m 34s):
Let's take a listen to the announcement that he in the, in the NFL post-it.

15 (17m 39s):
What the deal everybody. I named Kendrick Lamar and I'll be performing at Super Bowl 59. Will you be pulling up? I hope so. You know there's only one opportunity to win a championship. No round tools. Let's get it. I won't want you to miss it. Meet me in New Orleans February 9th, 2025. Wear your best dress too. Even If, you watching from home? Let's go. Yay.

9 (18m 3s):
Now listen, this You know, You know people just like the debate. But this sparked a lot of conversation online because for a long time we have all been saying 2025 new Orleans is gonna be Wayne and Friends Cash money. Yeah. Little Wayne. Yes. So that started the conversation of is little Wayne even ready for a Super Bowl performance? Why not?

6 (18m 22s):
Meaning what Hits wise He is absolutely

9 (18m 24s):
Meaning he has the catalog for it. And why not Little Wayne? What was the deciding factor? Is people are even arguing that Kendrick is not ready for Super Bowl performance. That he doesn't have the song. He definitely

6 (18m 34s):
Has the catalog. Who, who, who, who said that? Not you Lauren. Shadow. But people saying that know you're talking who are these people talking is foolishness. The

9 (18m 40s):
People are saying. And there's also conversation about Kendrick

6 (18m 43s):
Lamar the highest grossing the the man who has the highest grossing to by any rapper with the big Steppa to 110 plus million dollars worldwide.

9 (18m 51s):
I think people are just stuck in the not like us world of Kendrick. That's the end. Dumb as because they're like, yo, you can't do not like us five times on the Super Bowl stage. We already seen it. So what is he gonna put out this hat this time? He has

6 (19m 1s):
To be honest with you. Catalog records. Exactly. I hope you don't do not like us at all. Well, he has to do that. But

9 (19m 5s):
No, he gotta do that. Not like us.

6 (19m 7s):
Yeah, he don't have to. Yes, he does. What? Yes. Listen, it's gonna be February. I actually want Kendrick to change the narrative. You know, I I think the No Round Tools was a nice little jab, but I don't wanna see him at the Super Bowl halftime show doing another victory lap. Even though it will be though. Because You know the week before the Super Bowl is the Grammy's. Do you understand that Kendrick could be nominated for not like us and Euphoria.

9 (19m 28s):
And lemme tell you he's gonna

6 (19m 29s):
To win. Lemme tell.

9 (19m 29s):
Let's be clear. Lemme tell Leading into all that, you still have the whole HB u's homecoming season coming up and they

6 (19m 36s):
Not,

9 (19m 36s):
They gonna run not like us, them bands. It's gonna run not like us into the ground.

6 (19m 40s):
So if he, if he dug not like us at the Super Bowl, I want the opening cards and then just the hook and move on.

9 (19m 47s):
Oh, you don't wanna,

6 (19m 47s):
You're probably gonna stop at a minor, had the whole crowd singing, then he'd go to the next song. And let me tell you something. But If, you think that the NFL and Roc Nation and a bunch of other people didn't get a whole bunch of legal letters yesterday from people with ov with owls as their head their stamp on? Yeah. Like, oh yo, they promise you you're not gonna call me a pedophile, Lord, you're not calling me a pedophile at the Super Bowl. I guarantee you. I you. Nope. The OVO people sent so many legal letters yesterday. I guarantee it. How y'all

9 (20m 14s):
Think Wayne feeling today though? Because there is, there isn't there a couple interviews where Wayne has openly talked about wanting to do this, the Super Bowl? Let's take a listen real quick to him on the 400 podcast. Wayne,

6 (20m 25s):
What you do to Super Bowl?

17 (20m 26s):
Of course the Super Bowl is in New Orleans, I think is in 2025 or something like that. He doing it? I'm not sure. Nah, I'm not sure. Wayne. Come on man. Say not sure shit say it. I don't, they no, I I can, I will not lie to you. I am not have not gotta call a what I'm on. I'm coming folk Jay. But we all praying You know, we praying, we keeping our fingers, fingers crossed. I'm working hard. I'm gonna make sure this next album and everything I do is killer. So I'm gonna make it very hard for them to, I wanna just make it hard for them not to, not to pick high

9 (20m 56s):
Man. He should have probably did communion his first Sunday that just passed. 'cause that prayer ain't hit. It ain't

6 (21m 1s):
Come on. Listen, it ain't happening. Jesus. I mean, Elizabeth, for the last, like you said, or Lauren for the last couple of years, we, we thought it would be Lil Wayne and friends. I believe once we saw Dre and Snoop and Callie Yes. With the Rams in the Super Bowl, we had an expectation of That's right. Seeing artists,

9 (21m 14s):
Which was in 20, that was two years ago, years ago. That, that, and it feels like that just happened.

6 (21m 18s):
But that's our expectation. We had an expectation to seeing artist from the city performing the city. But that's not the case. I would've loved to see Lil Wayne and friends in New Orleans. That would've been crazy. Lil Wayne, Birdman, juvenile, Manny, fresh tur bg. I would, nah, nah, it wouldn't have been all that. It would've have been the whole cl they've had, wouldn't they? No, they wouldn't. They would've did back that as back that ass up. They'd had to do. But then it would've been all Wayne get your role. Then you would've got some Drake and you'd got some Nicki got some Drake, Lil Wayne friends. I I I don't It wouldn't have been all of the hot boys now. They would've, he would've had to bring the

9 (21m 46s):
Hot boys. Well, master P for the city he built Master P he spoke out. He said, You know Kendrick. Lamars well deserved. But we do need to You know Get Wayne on that stage as well too. Of course Pusher t spoke out on it and he's in support of Kendrick taking a stage and some people from Wayne's team who posted online saying, You know, confused, disappointed, angry. So people's feelings are all over the place. Man, I ain't seen people argue this much probably since the Drake and Kendrick beef.

6 (22m 10s):
I would've loved to see Wayne and friends in New Orleans. But If, you think that I'm gonna be upset about Kendrick Lamar performing at the Super Bowl with the Grammys the week before and he'll probably be nominated for not like us and euphoria and win and it's black history month. You think I'm gonna be upset at that? No, not

9 (22m 24s):
All. What is s Sunday? Not pass? Not

6 (22m 27s):
At all.

Nissan (22m 27s):
Hibernation season is over and it's time to get some sun outside. Gather your crew and hit the road in this spacious 2024 and Nissan. Pathfinder your gateway to larger than life adventures with spacious seating for eight, an available panoramic moonroof. Everyone can enjoy the journey and soak in the scenery of the great outdoors. Plus with an available towing capacity of up to 6,000 pounds. An available intelligent four wheel drive feature with seven drive modes. You can take your favorite toys while adventuring on new terrains. Seize the thrill and start exploring with the 2024 Nissan Pathfinder today. Head over to Nissan usa.com to learn more intelligent All-wheel drive cannot prevent collisions or provide enhanced traction in all conditions. Always monitor traffic and weather conditions. Towing capacity varies by configuration. See Nissan Towing Guide in owner's manual for additional information. Always secure

1 (23m 21s):
cargo.

Diet Coke (23m 22s):
You could sit there and listen to ads or you could take a moment to have a Diet Coke break. First, grab a chill diet Coke 'cause If. you want it to be perfect. It needs to be crispy. Next, get a big cup of ice. 'cause everyone knows Diet Coke is best served swimming in ice. Then sip it slowly. Feel that burn and enjoy your break for as long as possible. When you need a break, don't forget to grab an ice cold Diet Coke and take a Diet Coke break.

Health Aid Kombucha (23m 51s):
There's Two kinds of people in The World, people who love health aid kombucha and people who have never tried it. The bubbly mix of probiotic tea and refreshing juice is delicious and good for your gut health with great flavors to choose from that you can't help but love If, you have never tried it before. Maybe try a bottle or can of passion fruit tangerine or a ginger lemon. Your taste buds and your gut will thank you. Look for the brown bottle with an anchor on it and try Health aid kombucha today.

6 (24m 19s):
Kombucha

High 5 Casino (24m 23s):
High five Casino. High five Casino is a social casino with real prizes and Big Vegas hits@highfivecasino.com. The hottest games right from Vegas and all winnings. Go straight to your bank account, hundreds of exclusive games, free daily rewards, and come back to get free coins every four hours. Only at high five. casino.com. High five Casino is a social casino. No purchase necessary void. Were prohibited. Play responsibly terms and condition supply. See website for details at high, the number five casino.com.

6 (24m 53s):
High five Casino.

Meaningful Beauty (24m 55s):
Hi, I'm Cindy Crawford And. I'm the founder of Meaningful Beauty. Well, I don't know about you but like I never liked being told, oh wow, you look so good for your age. Like why even bother saying that? Why don't you just say you look great at any age, every age. That's what meaningful beauty is all about. We create products that make you feel confident in your skin at the age you are now. Meaningful beauty, beautiful skin at every age. Learn more@meaningfulbeauty.com.

6 (25m 29s):
And Kendrick is very artsy 'cause you just think about the show he's about to put on him and Dave free about to put together. Amazing they about to put on the show 'cause that's him. Like he, he lives for this moment and stop beefing with rappers from the West Coast. That's the other thing that we need to realize. Okay, don't campus. If his ice cube with no Vaseline, Tupac would hit up, hit him up like the, the Dr. Dre would nothing but a G thing. They don't play fair. I never seen anything like this in my life, ever. Wow. Okay. And, and all of y'all upset. Just remember one thing that We all can collectively be happy about as a culture. What's that? Just be happy we didn't get Taylor Swift. Thank you for that Taylor Swift shake.

6 (26m 11s):
Y'all. She's been once again every year. Nah, it's gonna happen. I normally don't I but not right now.

9 (26m 19s):
I normally don't You know with, I don't do this with the white women, but she been carrying the NFL in her backyard. Yo,

6 (26m 25s):
Shut up. All right. Turn her mic off woman. Every year for the last four, five years, I woman bet you they've been trying to push talent whip down our throats and Roc Nation said no, we going black. One woman back to black to back to black. Back to black every year for the last five years. One

9 (26m 40s):
Woman one, shake it off.

6 (26m 41s):
No, you gotta stop. No, that is front page. But that is Lewis. We are standing on the, the shoulders are Taylor to Swift. What little you gonna get cut on the little sharp ass shoulders. Alright. That was just was the mess with Laura LaRosa. Now front page news is next and then Chloe Bailey will be joining us. It's The Breakfast. Club. Good morning. Morning everybody's Steve. JNV just hilarious. Charlamagne the guy. We are The Breakfast Club. Lauren is filling in for Jess. And let's get in some front page news. What's up Morgan? Yeah,

7 (27m 8s):
Let's get into it. So vice president, hold.

6 (27m 9s):
Hold on Morgan, lemme do these football scores. Lemme do these football scores. I know your team didn't win. My team didn't win. But the people still wanna hear their scores.

7 (27m 16s):
I mean week two. Alright,

6 (27m 18s):
Here we go. The Saints beat the Panthers last night. Bikers beat the Giants. Steelers beat the Falcons. Patriots beat the Bengals. Texas beat the Cols, the Bills beat the Cardinals. Dolphins beat the Jaguars. Bears beat the Titans. The Seahawks beat the Broncos. The Chargers beat the Raiders. The Buccaneers beat the commanders and the Lions beat the Rams. All right. And the Dallas Cowboys beat the Cleveland Browns 33 to 17. The disrespect for my Dallas Cowboys will cease this year because the reality of the situation is in February two people will be performing in the Super Bowl that America loves. Kendrick Lamar and the Dallas Cowboys. And then Monday Night Formar. Oh, the 49 ERs take on the Jets at eight 15.

6 (27m 58s):
Now let's let's get to some real news, not the Cowboy News Morgan.

7 (28m 2s):
Yeah, because those are the Browns. Calm down. So Vice President Kamala Harris, she received quite the endorsement over the weekend from former vice president can Vice President Dick Cheney and his daughter Liz Cheney, who is a former congresswoman, a VP Harris. She says she's honored to receive the endorsement and while speaking to reporters, she reacted to the news on Saturday during a visit to a local business in Pittsburgh. Let's hear more from Vice President Harris on those endorsement comments.

19 (28m 27s):
I think that what they both as leaders who are well respected are making an important statement that it's okay and if not important to put country above party. I think it's an important statement right now. A lot of what I think is happening, And I was just talking with some folks here in Pittsburgh about it, is that people are exhausted about the division and, and the attempts to kind of divide us as

7 (28m 55s):
Americans. Yeah. So on Friday, the former VP under the George W. Bush administration announced he plans to cross party lines to vote for Harris In November. In a statement, Cheney said, former President Trump can never be trusted with power again. Former Republican Congresswoman Liz Cheney announced her support for Harris earlier in the week. She made those comments in an interview with ABC's this week, she also expressed concern for the current state of the Republican party. Let's hear more from the former Congresswoman Liz Cheney.

22 (29m 25s):
I'm certainly not a Trump Republican. I am a conservative. I think that that what's happened to the Republican party today You know is, is, is indefensible. And as someone is You know who's been a lifelong Republican, it's heartbreaking to me to see what has happened to so many of the elected officials in my party. And And I know we can do better. I think number one, it is up to us, the voters to hold him accountable in November. Not to reelect someone who did what he did.

6 (29m 58s):
Yeah, I mean it's a beautiful thing. They're, they're choosing country of a party. That's how it should be. You know, regardless of what your party is, listen to both candidates. And if one of the candidates is more in line with your interest, vote for that person. I don't understand any of the blind loyalty people have. The Democrats are Republicans. If your candidate is trash and your candidate is trashed, And, I'm not looking for any elected officials to be perfect, but I just cannot understand for the life of me why anyone would support Donald Trump. And I did not. I still don't understand why Republicans have just giving away their party to maga. So it's good to see some Republicans with some sense. But let's never forget Morgan Liz Cheney refused to support voting rights. Okay? She didn't vote for the John Lewis Voting Rights Act. All of freedom to vote, act post. Interesting to hear her now speak about protecting democracy. But you didn't vote to protect the cornerstone of democracy, which is voting.

7 (30m 42s):
And you talked about party over country, over party. But she also did say that the Republican party must be rebuilt after this election cycle. After this election cycle, adding that Trump threatens the peaceful transfer of power. Now we've got some updates on the shooting that happened out of Georgia. Now the mother of the teenager accused of killing four people at the Georgia High School. She says she tried to call the school and warn the school what she believed was going to be, quote, an extreme emergency that Washington Post says, records show that Marcy Gray called the Appalachia High School about an hour and a half before the shooting and was on the phone for about 10 minutes. Now, grace says she was the one who notified a counselor at the school that they needed to do something immediately and check on her son.

7 (31m 25s):
And when they went to go check on him, he was not in class. Now, Georgia Senator Raphael Warnock, he's weighing in, he's pushing him back against Republican vice presidential candidate JD Vance's comments last week that school shootings are a fact of life. Let's hear more from Georgia Senator Raphael Warnock.

23 (31m 41s):
It's not a fact of life, it's a fact of American life. And we, Americans had to ask ourselves, why does this keep happening here? Where the reality is this is happening in spas, it's happening in shopping malls, it's happening in houses of worship, it's happening in medical clinics. What are we gonna do? Turn the whole country into a fort? Let's put forward reasonable common sense gun laws the same way we did with ensuring that people are safer in their cars. We can do the same thing with guns.

7 (32m 12s):
Senator Warnock, he went on to say that the corporate gun lobby remains the main obstacle blocking common gun legislation favored by most Americans. Now his comments come again after that teenage gunman killed two students and two teachers at Appalachia High School out outside Winder, which is northeast of Atlanta. And that was in Georgia last Wednesday.

6 (32m 36s):
Do we know the reason why? Do we know the reason why his mom called? Like did he have a conversation with his mom and his mom still? No, because the feds had already spoke to the boy, spoke to him the year before. No, but they said his mom called that morning and said, check on my son. Like what made her think that day that her son was gonna do that? You see what I'm saying? And then if her son read something to her, why wouldn't her? Why wouldn't she stop us? So from going school, I did read why, but I forgot why.

7 (32m 58s):
Yeah, I'm not sure. I'm not sure. I did read why noticed that the guns were missing or anything of that nature. Well New York

9 (33m 4s):
Times is saying it that it was unclear what particularly led to the mother like calling the school. Just

6 (33m 9s):
Seems, seems the times weird that the mom would call and not stop her. So from going to school, like if, if if he said something to you, you would stop him if the guns were missing. Oh no, because the mo the the boy texted the mom and said in

9 (33m 18s):
The text message after the shooting that, oh no,

6 (33m 20s):
This was, oh no, the mo, the boy texted mom before the shooting and said something like, I'm sorry mom or something like that. Mm. And that's what made the mom alert to school. I read that this weekend before the, before the shooting or in that morning or whatever, he texted the mom like, I'm sorry mom or something. It was something along those lines. Gotcha. And that's what made the mom call the

7 (33m 37s):
School. I'm sure it'll all be put on the stage tomorrow evening for the first presidential debate that we have between Vice President Harris and former President Trump. Now Harris campaign announced on Sunday where Harris and her running mate, Tim Walls, they'll be traveling following the debate. And Harris, who is doing her debate prep in Pittsburgh, she will be in North Carolina on Thursday, then back in Pennsylvania on Friday, walls will head to Michigan and Wisconsin. And the events page on Trump's official website did not list any future campaign stops. But again, that presidential debate, it does go down tomorrow.

6 (34m 9s):
You know why. You know why. 'cause he's hoping after. Why? He's hoping after tomorrow they put him out his misery. Donald Trump is hoping after tomorrow. He's so terrible. Which I believe he will be that the Republicans say we gotta do to him exactly what the Democrats did to Joe Biden. He

9 (34m 24s):
Just wanna be fired in Columbia.

6 (34m 25s):
He

7 (34m 25s):
Like

6 (34m 26s):
Clear by schedule after tomorrow. 'cause tomorrow I'm blowing it all up. Dammit. Right?

7 (34m 30s):
I did reports that the Republican party is concerned and they are quote praying he doesn't blow it. He's

6 (34m 35s):
Blowing. He, that's why he don't have nothing on his event calendar. He's blowing it all up tomorrow. The Carter is getting burnt down tomorrow. It's a wrap Watch.

7 (34m 44s):
Alright, so that's your front page news. Follow me on social at Morgan Media and for more news coverage, follow the Black Information Network at Black Information Network and visit BIN news.com.

6 (34m 53s):
Alright, thank you Morgan. Now when we come back, Chloe Bailey will be joining us. We gonna be kicking it with Chloe Bailey, my rich cousin. So don't move, it's The. Breakfast. Club. Good morning The. Breakfast Club. Morning everybody. It's DJ NV Jess. Hilarious. Charlamagne the guy We are The Breakfast. Club Lauren. Filling in for Jess. We have Chloe Bailey here. Now your album was very triggering. Why? Tell me why he's light-skinned. Hold on. Gonna get myself together. Everything's share with me. Are you

9 (35m 22s):
About to cry?

6 (35m 23s):
Almost. You have a song on there called Rose. Mm and I'm not talking flowers. Yeah. We had a conversation on The Breakfast Club one day about how women use the roll and how men, you gotta dig deeper. Don't tell tell his story. If you're not gonna tell it, I'm gonna tell it.

9 (35m 39s):
Yeah, we can go there. It's all right. You need

6 (35m 40s):
To dig deeper. Can you tell me, are you laughing back

9 (35m 42s):
There? Yeah, he has some issues. If,

6 (35m 43s):
You gonna tell this story? You need to

9 (35m 44s):
Tell it. Oh yeah, he has some issues. Go ahead.

6 (35m 45s):
You right my tears a little bit. You know some men look at the rows and not flowers as cheating. And you want women to charge the row. But how about men?

9 (35m 54s):
Now that's not fair because If, you think a rose is cheating then you could say porn is cheating. Some people do consider porn cheating though. I don't like There are some people who be like, we have to watch it together. We don't need to do that. Now that's od in it. People can have fantasies. Okay,

6 (36m 9s):
So this song, she really idolizes the rose And. I Don't. I don't like it. Eyes are really you buried the lead though. Tell her. Tell her about the book King. Tell her what you wrote. Tell her about the parts you wrote in your book.

9 (36m 20s):
She wrote away her troubles.

6 (36m 20s):
That's right. You wrote away yours as well. Talk. Talk.

9 (36m 23s):
Oh, I have to hear this, please. Oh, yeah, yeah, yeah. Okay. Wait.

6 (36m 26s):
Me and my wife have been together since

9 (36m 27s):
16. Love it. Hold

6 (36m 29s):
On. When we first having sexual relations, don't look at me like that 'cause you trust me up.

9 (36m 33s):
Okay, I'm just waiting. I'm sorry. I don't know what I'm giving

6 (36m 36s):
Here. You hold me for me to make her orgasm. Hold my hand please. I got

9 (36m 39s):
You. Wait, why are you talking about this? It

6 (36m 41s):
It was in the book. We wrote it in the book. We fine now. Okay. Okay. But for five years, no 10. Don't you dare cut that. You see what I

9 (36m 47s):
Look, get your cousin. You see what I'm saying?

6 (36m 50s):
It was 10 was not 10, 10 years. You said 10 in the book. I read the book. Don't you laugh, don't you laugh. Book Don't you laugh.

9 (36m 56s):
I'm not laughing

6 (36m 56s):
For a while. It took me a 10 years. Chloe, stop it A decade. I could not make her reach orgasm.

9 (37m 2s):
You can't get to

6 (37m 3s):
No points. Points. That's you stories there already. I couldn't get there. That was the problem. You ain't getting nowhere. That was the problem. And, I couldn't get there because You know what I used to watch porn. And I used to think bang, bang, bang, bang, bang was the way And I realized it wasn't. And now the rose triggers me. That's why he hates toys. Yeah,

9 (37m 19s):
You just need to build yourself up so that you're not triggered by materialistic things. You right. That was you have to better yourself. You right. I And that'll solve the problem. You right. It should be an addition to you all's love. Right. So

6 (37m 39s):
I agree. That's sound device. Wow.

9 (37m 41s):
Thank you Chloe. So she told you that she was honest about it. You gonna bring back,

6 (37m 44s):
You should

9 (37m 44s):
Be honest about that. So I'm really intrigued.

6 (37m 46s):
Okay, so let me tell you what happened. Yeah, it happened during an argument. She probably got tired and she was like, exactly. And then it was, it was bad. But we worked, we, we worked. He, he ain't, he tried to flush the rolls down the toilet. That's how mad he got. I actually ran over it. I ran, I put down the car, ran over it. But yeah, but we good now but we, we ride about it in the book so couples can learn from out from my mistake.

9 (38m 7s):
Okay,

6 (38m 8s):
Any more questions? Chloe? Gonna some inside you. Ain't no who bought.

9 (38m 13s):
I'm happy that it, it's ended in a positive way. Thank you. Okay.

6 (38m 18s):
I hate this place. Go ahead.

9 (38m 19s):
So this album, and even just hear you talking right now. I feel like this is a lot, you're a lot more like open about just you relationships wise, like sexuality. I saw the video you posted when people were reacting to the lyrics and you was like, y'all like it's life. It happens. Like how has that been coming around? Even being in a public eye, like the dating stuff. I know there was a photo with you and gunna, how is all of this new world for you? Because you're a lot more like you're, you're here, you're sure, but you're confident

6 (38m 45s):
A new photo weren't gonna,

9 (38m 46s):
Well it wasn't, it's not that new. Like it wasn't yesterday, but there was an additional one outside of y'all. Y'all were in la so y'all were in la remember you guys were in the store shopping and then you were like, no, no, no, he came here. You're like, no, no, no, we're just friends. And then you performed both Offset and then there was a photo y'all at the party afterward, y'all are just sitting next to each other in the photo. Oh yeah. Yeah. Which sparked some more rumors. So is that tough trying to date at all? Removing, gunning from the situation? Yeah. Well one, I'm really proud of everything that he's doing. Two, honestly it is tough to date because even if I just wanna go out to grab a bite, say talk about music, if it's any one of the opposite sex, it's like, oh, that's who she's dating. And I want people to focus on me and my career.

9 (39m 27s):
I don't wanna be connected to every man that I'm standing next to. Right. So because of that, I mean I am naturally a hermit, but because of that I'm just like extra, extra cautious. Yeah. You know. And that's unfortunate though because you are in the phase where I'm sure you're dating wanting to meet new people and it's a fun thing to be able to do. Yeah. You can't do it publicly. But since those photos were public at one time, And I know you guys have denied it and then the offset thing happened. What is the, what's the synergy there? Like is there nothing there for real or

6 (39m 54s):
You wanna know the status?

9 (39m 55s):
Yeah, like I just wanna know, I feel like every time we get told there's nothing, then it's like yeah y'all find each other somewhere. Well I mean we're both in the industry. He's doing his thing, I'm doing my thing. He's doing really great by the way. So it's just all up. Okay.

6 (40m 7s):
Oh are you writing nowadays more from a reflective standpoint or as a storyteller? 'cause You know I hear records like might as well where you say things, I'm like, I might fly it to the south side, let him hit it first night, then fall back. Jesus

9 (40m 21s):
You know that's the new Chloe I'm talking about my girl you here now. So it's like my external doesn't say these things. Right. But my internal feels them. So when I write it's like coming from a standpoint, this is what I'd say to you right? If. you You know if I had the gall a gumption. Gotcha. I like that. For you though,

6 (40m 40s):
You fly a man out for real?

9 (40m 42s):
No.

6 (40m 43s):
Oh, okay.

9 (40m 44s):
Why you can't fly a man out, out If. you like her. You wouldn't do it.

6 (40m 48s):
She ain't gonna be dealing with no bro. I don't himself out

9 (40m 51s):
Sometimes say that if a man is treating you well, you wanna treat them sometimes broke. But I don't, I don't think I would do that. Maybe I'd go there instead so that I'm flying myself. Okay. You feel me?

6 (41m 2s):
You were dating somebody that might not have it like you did. You wouldn't say You know what boo boo. I'm gonna fly you to me to la or I'm gonna fly you to me to St. Lucia or I'm gonna fly you to

9 (41m 10s):
Wherever I would want them to at least be able to get a flight to see me. Ain't nothing wrong with that. Yeah, You know people would that too. I, I don't wanna be like play like the masculine role and like make him feel less than. So I'd rather not even visit that. People

6 (41m 23s):
Forget that you're, you're 26 years old. I think they, a lot of people still look at you as the young teenager singing. Do. Do you have a a, a hard time with that?

9 (41m 32s):
No. No. It kind of makes me laugh. Especially when I have no makeup on. I do look 15 And I do have like a young spirit. So I mean it's okay. It's sometimes I'm like, gosh I'm 26, 4 years from 30 like yeah let's let it go. But sometimes Are there ever any songs like, 'cause you have temporarily single All I got where like you're You know you opening up about stuff where you're like, don't listen to this one. Y'all like skip over that one. Like do you ever have to tell them that? I always get nervous anytime I play my music anytime. Really? Yes. Because you, I'm bearing my soul in the song and it's like, okay yeah this is me. I don't really show this right. This is me. So it's like I hope people will like it. Even the ones closest to me, like I'll get nervous, I'll have my head down listening hook up like this.

9 (42m 13s):
But I have a question for you about, you mentioned like when you play your music for people and people hear your music, you always get nervous. How do you deal with critiques? Because I know John B came out and that was like a whole thing when he said that you and Gun a song that you re remade of his they don't know was Ratchet. And people were upset at him for saying that. Like how did you feel about that? Well John b is an incredible artist. If that song didn't exist, we couldn't sample it. So I love what Gunna And I did to it. And You know, I'm sad he feels that way, but hey everyone has opinions.

6 (42m 39s):
He also said he didn't get it didn't get cleared. I was like, it had to get cleared.

9 (42m 42s):
Yeah, that,

6 (42m 44s):
Yeah. Alright, we got more with Chloe Bailey when we come back it's The. Breakfast Club. Good morning. Morning everybody. It's DJ Envy Jess. Hilarious. Charlamagne the guy. We are The Breakfast Club. Lauren LaRosa filling in for Jess and we're still kicking it with Chloe Bailey Charlamagne. Do you really feel like nice girls finish last?

9 (43m 1s):
So I do feel that way. And in your case, your wife did so that's good.

6 (43m 9s):
Was that a stab?

9 (43m 10s):
Yo? No, that's what the song's about. That's

6 (43m 13s):
What Is that a, that's

9 (43m 14s):
What the song is about. Jesus. Oh. Oh, how did I get this song is about on face value. That was such a black

6 (43m 22s):
No, don't let it fool you. Don't let, don't let all of this fool you.

9 (43m 25s):
That's slang is about explain the lyrics. That's what the song is about. Now everybody listen Girls, because he catered to the man We cater to the Man and the Nice Girl finishes last and then we referenced Janet Jackson at the end on the last line of the song. That's what the song is about. Was that Stab Chloe. It was not

6 (43m 45s):
Stop. Basically what you, you're saying that women should speak up for themselves more and and if they're not getting what they want,

9 (43m 51s):
It's like a it's like a innuendo. Yeah. Yeah. And you also, are you also speaking like romantically like sexually as well too? That's that's what I, yeah, because you wanna, it's all about like pleasing your partner. Sorry, it was not a stab. Give the rose. Somebody told me to he these to use.

6 (44m 9s):
I don't want no roses. Put that rose on the other side. I want the roses over here. Oh you want this

9 (44m 13s):
I over, I'm sorry. I'm sorry. But that's what the song is about. That's what it's about. Okay. Like taking the back seat and like letting your partner You know

6 (44m 23s):
Now being that you are who you are, Chloe, do you really feel like your status when it comes to guys? 'cause you got a song that I'm called FYF your status. Yep. Do you really feel that way? Do you really feel like All I need is love, I don't need nothing else. I don't need money to, she need for you to fly yourself, your position, job.

9 (44m 39s):
Yeah. Honestly, yes. I still want someone with Drive and someone who has ambition so that we can build each other up. But I think being in a world where it's so superficial and everything is based on what you have, right? What are you doing next? This sometimes it gets a little suffocating and redundant. So it's nice to just have someone who loves you just for you.

6 (45m 3s):
So you would date like somebody that wasn't in the industry? Oh yeah. Like the up a guy to drive UPS or something.

9 (45m 9s):
No, but someone not in the industry.

6 (45m 11s):
Yeah. Got you, got you. Yeah.

9 (45m 12s):
But I think a lot of times too when when people ask that question, I mean it's like I get it, but like when people ask that question too, like one of the conversations people don't have is sometimes like when finances aren't right or like even just status, right? Like we could both be making the same money, but I'm more outward than you are. I've never come across a man that has been

Nissan (45m 29s):
Hibernation season is over and it's time to get some sun outside. Gather your crew and hit the road in a spacious 2024 Nissan Pathfinder your gateway to larger than life adventures with spacious seating for eight and available panoramic moonroof. Everyone can enjoy the journey and soak in the scenery. You have the great Outdoors Plus with an available toying capacity of up to 6,000 pounds. And an available intelligent four-wheel drive feature with seven drive modes. You can take your favorite toys while adventuring on new terrains. Seize the thrill and start exploring with the 2024 Nissan Pathfinder today. Head over to Nissan usa.com to learn more intelligent All-Wheel Drive cannot prevent collisions or provide enhanced traction in all conditions. Always monitor traffic and weather conditions. Towing capacity varies by configuration. Seen Nissan Towing Guide and Owner's manual for additional information. Always secure cargo.

Diet Coke (46m 28s):
You could sit there and listen to ads or you could take a moment to have a Diet Coke break. First, grab a chilled diet Coke 'cause If. you want it to be perfect, it needs to be crispy. Next, get a big cup of ice. 'cause everyone knows Diet Coke is best served swimming in ice. Then sip it slowly. Feel that burn and enjoy your break for as long as possible. When you need a break, don't forget to grab an ice cold Diet Coke and take a Diet Coke. Break.

Health Aid Kombucha (46m 58s):
A lot of pros to drink in health aid kombucha. No cons that I can think of. Pro amazing taste Pro pairs. Well with anything Pro probiotic, that's a literal pro and it's deliciously refreshing. It's the perfect pairing to your meal or great on its own. Whether you're having Pink Lady Apple, Berry Lemonade, or one of the other great flavors, it's the perfect swap for soda or alcohol. Make it part of your daily routine. Look for the brown bottle with an anchor on it and try Health Aid Kombucha today.

High 5 Casino (47m 29s):
The following Is a High five moment from high five casino.com. I won no Boo Private. Put down your phone. This is the Army SAR High five Casino's a social casino. It's on your phone, goes wherever you go. I win. Free spins, cash, prizes, free down the rewards. Over 1200 games I won again. Platoon Present cell phone. Five, five, five. Casino. Casino. Win at high five. Casino com I five. Casino is a social casino. No purchase necessary. Woodward prohibited. Play responsibly. Condition supply. See website for details. High five Casino.

Meaningful Beauty (47m 60s):
Hi, I'm Cindy Crawford And. I'm the founder of Meaningful Beauty. Well, I don't know about you, but like I never liked being told, oh wow, you look so good for your age. Like why even bother saying that? Why don't you just say you look great at any age, every age. That's what meaningful beauty is all about. We create products that make you feel confident in your skin at the age you are now. Meaningful beauty, beautiful skin at every age. Learn more@meaningfulbeauty.com.

9 (48m 34s):
Cure enough of himself to be okay with that. And it causes problems. Even If, you don't bring them in. And that's why women, we kind of do that to protect ourselves sometimes. So yeah, I think it gets unfairly thrown on women. You're very successful. It gets unfairly thrown on you when you say, oh, I have a preference. You wouldn't date somebody short though. That's, that'd be out though. I would date someone who I'm the same height with, with heels on. Oh, okay. I know I've, I've, yeah, I've known somebody who's kind of your height who, okay. We've seen them in photos together already. Oh, why do you keep going back to this? What is this? Whatcha trying to ask? Lord? It was such a fly couple. Like whatcha trying to ask dude, I'm asking you. Would you, like if today he's like, we need to do this, would you lock in?

9 (49m 14s):
Like is is the relationship there where you guys are friends enough? I understand you're just friends now, but you guys are friends enough where you would be like, You know what? I would explore this. I think we're both living like our own lives. Yeah. Just, we're just living our own lives. You know. I was gonna say, you open the album. I think it's all I got. But correct me if I'm wrong. Yes. And you talk about the, there's like a guy who, he's like not the fall guy, but he's always there for you and he's always there for you in all the right ways. But that's not the guy you like or wanna be with. Mm. But then there's this other guy, like you have the, this is the ideal guy, but he doesn't know how to be for be there for you in the same way. What, what inspired that song? So what inspired the song you guys love talking about him? What inspired the song? Kind of crazy.

9 (49m 55s):
I didn't even say that. Right? I literally didn't even say it this time. I just was interested in that because you going Yeah, You know. I think every girl has that. Yeah. What inspired the song though for me is that you want to feel safe and secure, but then at the same time you also want someone to push you outta your comfort zone. So it's the catch 22 because we all just, ugh, it's life. How was it when you and Holly got back in the studio? It was amazing. We were in New York actually. We had like a press event here. And I was like sis, okay, here's the verse, you like it? She's like, I love it. I was like, come. She's like, okay, I'm bringing Halo to the studio. He was there at the engineering board with me and she just sounded so beautiful and she just pushed the record to be even more special.

9 (50m 35s):
Wow. I know you guys your, is it te It's te time. Yes. It's tee time. Y'all started it back up. And I saw Halo was in one of them. 'cause you've always been close. But now she's a mom so she's experiencing different things. Is the relationship different now or is it the same but you just have to know she's also a mom too. Like what was the, what was that like in a really weird way? It's gotten stronger. I can't explain it. It's just like, I think because we both have a deeper appreciation for life now, seeing something so pure and innocent like that, it has made our bond stronger.

6 (51m 6s):
Y'all women now. So it's like a different level of womanhood.

9 (51m 9s):
That's what I feel through this, this, this project. That's why I'm like you here. Like I'm happy for you. Thank you. Thank you so much. I'm happy that you enjoyed it. Well let's,

6 (51m 18s):
Let's split. Can we play a joint other than Rose off the album? I think we should play roll And I.

9 (51m 22s):
Think we should play Rosa on food.

6 (51m 24s):
We

9 (51m 25s):
Can play honestly Favorites favorite. It's

6 (51m 27s):
23 years

9 (51m 27s):
Pack. You her favorite. There

6 (51m 29s):
You go. Yes, I like that you made up for it. There we go. There we go. Well it's Chloe Bailey. We appreciate you for

9 (51m 35s):
Joining us. Thank you.

6 (51m 36s):
It's The Breakfast. Club. Good morning. Morning everybody. We are The. Breakfast. Club. Now let's get to just with the Mess with Laura LaRosa,

16 (51m 41s):
Your music is real. Robin Moore just don't do no lying. She don't spare nobody.

6 (51m 52s):
Jess World on The. Breakfast Club. She's the coaches with Lauren. Lauren LaRosa,

16 (51m 60s):
And, I got the mess. Talk to me.

9 (52m 4s):
So Tyreek Hill who plays for the Miami Dolphins was detained over the weekend. It actually happened on Sunday, literally right before the game. And this went viral all, all over Twitter, Instagram, all of that. Because what was happening was when he was put into cuffs, people were riding by some of his players were riding like people. It's right before the game were riding by. Yeah, yeah. So people started recording like, oh shoot, that's Tyreek Hill. They got him on the ground. So they had

6 (52m 29s):
Him on the ground.

9 (52m 29s):
Yeah. Yeah. So they had him in cuffs, then they got sat him to the ground. Now here's the thing. And not

6 (52m 35s):
Only sat him to the ground, had him face Face planted into the ground for what? Yeah.

9 (52m 40s):
So this is what I'm about to get into. So when the story broke, it was clarified that he was detained and not arrested. Which means they just kind of like take your freedom a a bit while they figure some stuff out. Right. But they don't actually book you and charge you and all that stuff. But there were no, and any of the reports that I saw, I saw no narrative as to why he was actually pulled over and what was being accused of. They,

6 (53m 2s):
They just kept saying traffic violation.

9 (53m 3s):
Well, so police didn't even say that. So I reached out to the Miami-Dade Police Department who were the officers that we saw in the video. And I asked You know what is the narrative, what led up to the arrest. And what I was told is that they were aware of the detainment and that they request. So this is the director of the Miami Dade Police Department. Her name is Stephanie Daniels. So she said that she had requested an immediate review of all the details surrounding the incident and that they were also reviewing all available body cam footage and that they will provide an update as further information becomes available. So she would not directly say to me why he was pulled over according to police. However, his team released a statement that said that it was a traffic violation. And then he later said that as well too.

9 (53m 45s):
But he also said he was kind of confused as well too. And then in this, in in other videos that surfaced, there's a point in the video where it appears as if one of the officer like strikes him or something like that. In the video I posted this video to Brown Guard Grind and slowed it down so you can actually see that moment. So I asked the director about that moment as well too. And what they said was that now there's an internal investigation going on with an with internal internal affairs. And that one of the police officers in the video has been placed on an administrative, not a lead, but like basically they've been taken off the streets administrative duties while the investigation is being conducted. They're committed to transparency and accountability to the community with any situation involving officers.

9 (54m 26s):
So basically I think they're trying to figure out what happened too and how it escalated to the point where now he's in cuffs and all that stuff. But he made it to the game. He was able to play Scored a touchdown. Yeah, touchdown. And when he score scored the touchdown, he, one of his teammates reacted him being put in cuffs and it 130 yards, seven receptions. So he played well. They actually talked to him on the field about what we saw in the videos, him being detained. Let's take a listen. So when

27 (54m 51s):
I left home, I told my wife, I was like, babe, I'm finna go to work. And, I, And. I'm finna get prepared for my day. Little did I know that was a quite a surprise on the way, man. But You know what, at the end of the day, dog, I got a job to do and my job is to come inside of this stadium and be great dog. So what

28 (55m 5s):
Did it mean to you for your teammates to join you this morning and show support?

27 (55m 9s):
That goes to show that, man, it's more than about football dog. Like, because those dudes were like really risking their lives for me. Try to. My mom too. My mom got out the call and go. So Georgia, you feel me, Ty on Dukes too. You feel me?

28 (55m 21s):
Tyre, what happened this morning?

27 (55m 23s):
Like I said, I'm not gonna comment on that. We just gonna let buy guns be buy guns, move on and learn from it. That's it.

9 (55m 29s):
So go ahead. Oh, so his agent, Drews in house also spoke out and kind of talked a little bit, a little bit about the people that got out the car to make sure he was straight and goes into what they think happened as well too.

29 (55m 41s):
It's a heartbreaking situation. Obviously. I, I love Tyreek. I hated to see him in the situation he was in with the police. He is gonna play today, number one, he's okay. Number two, he's gonna play number three. Apparently got a ticket for a moving violation entering the stadium. How things escalated into the situation that they were in in handcuffs and being held on the ground with police is mind boggling to me. I'm deeply concerned by that. Very troubled. We will be looking into it. We will be investigating this. We will look out for Tyreek. But I'm not gonna make any allegations at this time. I don't wanna bring anybody into it. But I did see K Campbell and John New Smith, two veteran leaders and they were very concerned about what was happening.

29 (56m 26s):
Ty to Tyreek, I won't speak for them, but I'm grateful for them for going to help Tyreek and get involved.

9 (56m 32s):
He's like, I don't wanna put nobody into it,

6 (56m 33s):
But it didn't say their names. Yeah, the crazy thing is it was a moving violation and the only time usually you get put in handcuffs for a moving violation is if you're speeding excessively. That's where they usually put you in handcuffs. But he was right outside the stadium and If, you ever been to that stadium, which I've been to several times. There is no speeding, there's nothing but traffic there. So the fact that none of those officers recognized who he was and pulled him out the car, threw him on his face, had him handcuffed under, they recognized him some sounds to me like somebody bet against the dolphins on one of these gambling apps and they was trying to shake Tyreek up a bit so they can make sure they could win. Check these officers DraftKings or their fan dudes.

6 (57m 13s):
That's a good point.

9 (57m 14s):
Yo

6 (57m 14s):
Bet they gambled on the Jaguars And I bet that they bet Tyrek would have under a hundred yards and no TD way to prove him wrong. Tyree,

9 (57m 21s):
If Miami Dade be like, yo, we had to check their betting.

6 (57m 24s):
I'm telling you,

9 (57m 25s):
That would be crazy. That's

6 (57m 26s):
Crazy. This has something to do with DraftKings a FanDuel. I guarantee it. But if they did, that would be crazy. What officer says like Charla you, this is what it is. Said he bet that he had less than a hundred yards and said let's let's shake 'em up. Let's arrest them. Complaints.

9 (57m 40s):
So many people with Ryan by like, oh shoot, that's req like, like every it is. Like everybody recognized them. But the police officers,

6 (57m 46s):
I'm telling you right now, somebody bet against the dolphin. Can't they go

9 (57m 51s):
To jail? That betting fraud in interfering with something.

6 (57m 55s):
I don't know but I'm telling you up. That's what it was made that okay. Yeah. I think you made that up. I made

9 (57m 59s):
That up. I did. But

6 (57m 60s):
They would definitely been fired for that.

9 (58m 1s):
My imagination was It was on point though. Salute did. It sounded good didn't

6 (58m 4s):
It salute Migo Grimes too. She said they had their knee in his back the same way they did me. I had severe PTSD when I saw that. They definitely had his knee in his back.

9 (58m 14s):
Somebody gonna have to do some answering crazy. So we'll see when the body cam comes out. 'cause I'm definitely gonna stay in contact with Stephanie and think so I Miami Dade for getting back to me. They didn't act like we weren't a mainstream media outlet like they just did. So,

6 (58m 24s):
Alright, well that is just with the mess with Laura Laro. So now Charlamagne, we giving that down to you, man. Four after the hour. Let's keep it in Florida. I promise you, Florida, I don't be meaning to do this, man. Yeah you do. But every day y'all gimme something. There is a vice principal and a teacher in Florida named Ika Fabian and Benny Leverett. They need to come to the front of the congregation. We like to have a word with them please. All right, we'll get to that next. It's The. Breakfast Club. Good morning. It's crazy. People in America, I

9 (58m 46s):
Already had Bronx.

6 (58m 49s):
We in the suck. Y'all not shutting down. We in the concourse. The craziest people in America come from the Bronx and all the poor. He laughed.

30 (59m 2s):
Why does the Sunshine State consistently produce such strange news?

16 (59m 7s):
If I catch all asy traffic a wizard mag. It

6 (59m 13s):
Is just one of the many wacky news stories out of Florida on The Breakfast. Club

31 (59m 19s):
Man.

6 (59m 20s):
Yes, donkey. Today for Monday, September 9th goes to a vice principal and a teacher in Florida. The vice principal's name is Ika Fabian. And the teacher's name is Benny Leverett. What does your uncle Sharla always say about the great state of Florida? The craziest people in America come from the Bronx in all of Florida. And today is no exception. I am telling you right now, America, nobody gives a damn anymore. Okay folks is overworked, underpaid and they just don't have time for the foolishness. Even if they themselves are the foolishness. See, Ika Fabian is no longer the vice principal at Progress Village Middle School because Benny Leverett, the teacher had to resign from his job because he decided to put a child in a choke hold.

6 (1h 0m 0s):
Yes, to cripple across face. Million dollar Dream. Cobra Clutch Hells Gate, he put this student in a choke hold. I guess they got into some type of altercation in the classroom and the teacher felt like he had to restrict the student's ability to breathe to survive. Now the teacher did get arrested. The teacher did resign, but they knew developments. We have learned that to Sheika knew about it the whole time and covered it up. Let's go to WFLA for the report please.

32 (1h 0m 21s):
Keith. Jen detectives say that this kid told deputies that he couldn't breathe. An investigators said the teacher held that position for about four minutes and we

6 (1h 0m 31s):
Sent us, we sent our kid to school thinking they're safe. That's wrong. He not

33 (1h 0m 35s):
Gonna respond. He

6 (1h 0m 36s):
Can't.

34 (1h 0m 37s):
He can't. He's dying. You killing him.

32 (1h 0m 39s):
Caught on camera. Deputies say this is Progress village, middle Magnet school teacher Benny Leverett. And they say this is a 14-year-old student. Investigators say the 39-year-old teacher wrapped his right arm around the student's neck and placed his other hand behind the team's head, putting him in a choke hold. The student told deputies there were various points when he couldn't breathe. Wow. As court documents say, Leverett held disposition for about four minutes. Deputies say the school's assistant principal, 41-year-old ISHKA Fabian didn't notify authorities. Something she's required to do by state law. But the story doesn't end there. Detectives say she told the student who recorded this video to delete it.

32 (1h 1m 22s):
The school district says neither the teacher nor school administrator have been on campus since this happened a few months ago. Both face criminal charges tonight.

6 (1h 1m 31s):
Here's the thing about stupidity, right? It does not require unity and group operation. It does not have to be a collective effort. See, there is no need to make stupidity a relay race. I don't need that baton. Pastor me. That's what Ika did in this situation. She made stupidity a relay race. Now, I don't know why Benny Leverett felt the need to put this middle school student in a choke hold. I'm not You know judging that man, okay? But for whatever reason, he decided to put this child in a choke hold. Okay? Now he gotta deal with the law and that child's family. If there's a daddy in the house, an uncle, a big brother, I don't know why y'all be playing with folks'. Kids like they don't have families. 'cause now you gotta square up Benny. Okay, let's see if that choke hold works on an adult.

6 (1h 2m 11s):
All right? He resigned, but he should have been fired. Annie got arrested. This should be Benny's crossed the bear and no one else's. But no. Alright. Benny decided to pass the baton of stupidity. The ika. He ain't even pass it. She just took it. Okay? For whatever reason, Ika took the baton and ran with it because she failed to report this situation. In fact, as you heard in the news report, she tried to get the video deleted. Why? What's the point? You're the vice principal of the school. Your job is to protect the students. If there is a teacher endangering the child in any way, that teacher gotta go. All right, that teacher gotta go to the unemployment line and jail. I don't know the reason why you wouldn't report the matter to the child abuse hotline. Our law enforcement. What are you protecting Benny for?

6 (1h 2m 53s):
Okay, whatever student in that class recorded the whole incident, did exactly what they were supposed to do. And you dead ass wrong for making them delete the footage. You must have a personal relationship with Benny. Okay? That is the only logical explanation. But If, you have a personal relationship with Benny. That's all the more reason why you shouldn't have attempted to protect him, especially when he was dead wrong. Okay? You had other students say he's dying. You are killing him. Can we hear from some of the parents, people or this? Teachers? Teachers, these teachers. Let's hear from some of the teachers about what they thought about this.

32 (1h 3m 25s):
Teachers now weighing in,

35 (1h 3m 27s):
I have my ethics in place. And. I will not be making contact with students unless they have approved on a high five or maybe a hug and

32 (1h 3m 35s):
A daycare provider saying this should have never happened.

35 (1h 3m 40s):
Not allowed to touch kids. So you're saying under no circumstance should a teacher ever put a child in a choke hold? No, no. You have to call for back home.

6 (1h 3m 50s):
You as the vice principal completely betrayed these kids'. Trust it's bad enough a teacher would harm a student. But when you have the vice principal refusing to report the crime, it's like where can we send our kids to be safe? Who is protecting our children? I know a lot of people opting to homeschool their kids for various reasons. Full disclosure, I'm one of them. Okay? Kids don't like to be in schools anymore because they don't feel the work is stimulating them. And also because they feel like the teachers don't have their best interests. Okay? As the son of a school teacher, this breaks my heart. All right, please, anyone out there thinking of being in education don't. If your heart isn't in it, If, you don't actually care about the wellbeing of these youngsters. If. you are looking at being a teacher or a principal or a counselor in these schools as just a job.

6 (1h 4m 34s):
Do what's all the biggest favor and find something else to do. We need people in these schools who inspire hope, who ignite their imagination in, in these kids who instill a love of learning in these kids. These adults be coming in these classrooms with their own issues and they end up projecting their BS onto these students. You choked out this. This student for what? All right, someone else's child for four minutes. You know why? Not because something is wrong with the kid, but because something was wrong with you. All right? We need students to trust teachers. You can't improve student teacher relationships by doing stuff like this. But in order for that to happen, we need teachers, students can trust. And we need to trust that principals are gonna provide proper checks and balances and discipline when those teachers fall short.

6 (1h 5m 20s):
Ika, you failed. Okay? You failed that child. All right? And then the injustice to one child is an injustice to children everywhere. They don't make a dose like they used to. Please give Ika Fabian and Benny Leverett. Matter of fact, let Remy ma give Ika Fabian and Benny Leverett the biggest. He haw. Heehaw Heehaw. You stupid mother. Are you dumb? Mm mm I really don't understand why y'all be playing with people's kids. Kids like they don't have families, right? Nah, not at all. I don't understand it. Biggest

9 (1h 5m 50s):
Fear in The. World is like putting your babies into The World and just something like this happens. They they're, that's a kid. Yeah. I mean a person in general shouldn't be You. know what I mean? But because

6 (1h 5m 59s):
Now I gotta go catch a charge. You gotta catch child. Now I gotta go eat jail food. Hello? Now I gotta go eat jail food. You

9 (1h 6m 5s):
Know about my child or my niece. I'm gonna smiling. That's what I'm saying. Happily.

6 (1h 6m 8s):
Now I gotta go eat jail food. 'cause you put your hand on my children. Come on now. Matter

9 (1h 6m 13s):
Of fact, I'm gonna pre-order my food 'cause I'm headed there. That's

6 (1h 6m 16s):
Not how I'm figure out my baby. I'm gonna figure it out. Preorder. You can't ask on Tuesday pork.

9 (1h 6m 23s):
I'm on my way. That's not how I'm on my

6 (1h 6m 24s):
Way. Only thing you preorder is fish. Alright? Oh, thank you for that. The day all you think ice spice starve Cleo Trapper try to preroll to your jail for to see what happens. Alright, now when we come back, let's open up the phone lines (800) 585-1051. Over the weekend, they announced Kendrick is performing at the Super Bowl. What are your thoughts? Let's open it up. Let's discuss. 805 8 5 1 0 5 1. Everybody wanted Wayne. They wanted Lil Wayne and French, but that didn't happen. Let's discuss all. Hi, it's The. Breakfast. Club. Good morning The. Breakfast Club. It's topic time.

6 (1h 7m 5s):
Call

11 (1h 7m 5s):
805 8 5 1 0 5 1 to join into the discussion with The Breakfast Club.

6 (1h 7m 10s):
Talk about it. Morning everybody. It's DJ Envy. Jess, hilarious Charlamagne, the guy we are The Breakfast Club. Lauren LaRosa is filling in over the weekend and they announced that Kendrick Lamar is performing at Super Bowl. People were upset it's gonna happen in New Orleans. So people wanted little Wayne and friends, but that didn't happen. So we're asking your thoughts. Let's start with you Lauren. What you think?

9 (1h 7m 32s):
I honestly, I was, I, I thought, I thought the announcement was like ai. Like I didn't think it was real. Not because I don't think Kendrick is dope, but just because I really thought that it was gonna be Lil Wayne. Like I just, I thought we, the people online and the people pressured the Super Bowl enough to just do it.

6 (1h 7m 49s):
Y'all swear y'all got power. We

9 (1h 7m 51s):
Don't.

6 (1h 7m 52s):
That'd be the funniest thing. We got power. We pressure, we pressure that people And I like, man, shut up.

9 (1h 7m 57s):
So we

6 (1h 7m 57s):
Pressure the people.

9 (1h 7m 58s):
You don't think they, that brands and like they, they look online and see what people are talking about. Stupid. But the people want,

6 (1h 8m 3s):
I think they do. I think think they do see what people are talking about. I think it would've been amazing to have Lil Wayne. I think he has the catalog. I think he has the, the songs. I think he has the accolades. I think he has the artists. I think he could have put on a great show. But then I was thinking You know. I also seen people talking about his Grammy performance. I seen somebody said that he wasn't at rehearsals for his Grammy performance. It, he was hard to deal with. So I would also say, well, does his rep, does his reputation precede him where people are scared? Because at the end of the day, this is still a business. But

9 (1h 8m 31s):
If, you don't like your job some days. Or like You know you late a little bit, like on your big day at work. The Super Bowl. I think he would've pulled it off.

6 (1h 8m 39s):
I mean, I, I, I, I don't know.

9 (1h 8m 40s):
You can't mess. That's some, that's some real,

6 (1h 8m 41s):
But I'm also not mad at Kendrick though. But

18 (1h 8m 43s):
Kendrick deserves it too.

Nissan (1h 8m 44s):
Hibernation season is over and it's time to get some sun outside. Gather your crew and hit the road in the spacious 2024 Nissan Pathfinder your getaway to larger than life adventures with spacious seating for eight and available panoramic moonroof. Everyone can enjoy the journey and soak in the scenery of the great Outdoors. Plus with an available towing capacity of up to 6,000 pounds. And an available intelligent forward wheel drive feature with seven drive modes, you can take your favorite choice while victory on new terrains. Seize the thrill and start exploring with the 2024 Nissan Pathfinder today. Head over to Nissan usa.com to learn more intelligent All-wheel drive cannot prevent collisions or provide enhanced traction in all conditions. Always monitor traffic and weather conditions. Towing capacity varies by configuration. See Nissan Towing Guide and Owner's manual for additional information. Always secure cargo.

Diet Coke (1h 9m 37s):
You could sit there and listen to ads or you could take a moment to have a Diet Coke break. First, grab a chill diet Coke 'cause If you wanted to be perfect. It needs to be crispy. Next, get a big cup of ice. 'cause everyone knows Diet Coke is best served swimming in ice. Then sip it slowly. Feel that burn and enjoy your break for as long as possible. When you need a break, don't forget to grab an ice cold Diet Coke and take a Diet Coke break.

Health-Ade (1h 10m 7s):
There's a lot of pros to drink in health aid kombucha. No cons that I can think of. Pro amazing taste Pro pairs. Well with anything pro probiotic, that's a literal pro and it's deliciously refreshing. It's the perfect pairing to your meal or great on its own. Whether you're having Pink Lady Apple Berry Lemonade, or one of the other great flavors, it's the perfect swap for soda or alcohol. Make it part of your daily routine. Look for the brown bottle with an anchor on it and try health aid Kombucha today.

High 5 Casino (1h 10m 38s):
The Following is a high five moment from high five casino.com. I one. Yay private. Put down your phone. This is the Army SART High five casinos, a social casino. It's on your phone, goes wherever you go. But win three spins, cash prizes free down rewards over 1200 games I want. Again, Platoon Present cell phone. High five. High five. Casino. Casino. Win at high five. casino.com I five. Casino is a social casino. No purchase necessary would prohibit play responsibly. Conditions, supply. See website for details. I five Casino.

Meaningful Beauty (1h 11m 8s):
Hi, I'm Cindy Crawford and I'm the founder of Meaningful Beauty. Well, I don't know about you, but like I never liked being told, oh wow, you look so good for your age. Like why even bother saying that? Why don't you just say you look great at any age, every age. That's what Meaningful Beauty is all about. We create products that make you feel confident in your skin at the age you are now. Meaningful beauty, beautiful skin at every age. Learn more@meaningfulbeauty.com.

6 (1h 11m 43s):
Kendrick deserves it, right? Yeah, he has the, he has the hits, he has the accolades, he has the catalog. Yeah, for sure. Lemme tell y'all something. Lil Wayne is a God and should always be treated as such. I definitely wanted to see Lil Wayne and friends in New Orleans, but that isn't until I heard that we getting Kendrick Now. I didn't know Kendrick was an option. I wasn't even thinking about Kendrick. Me neither. But the fact that they gave us Kendrick, I'm like, damn. Kendrick Lamar during Black History month at the Super Bowl, a week after the Grammys, And I. I almost can guarantee euphoria and not like us gonna be nominated for a Grammy. Right? I love the artistic creations that Dave free and, and Kendrick Lamar present.

6 (1h 12m 26s):
I agree. I want to see Kendrick Lamar on that stage. I would love, I would, I would love to see Lil Wayne and friends, but if you're telling me I'm getting Kendrick Lamar, I'm fine with that. Give us the sentence though. A choice. I think the set is, if there's a choice, what would you prefer? I would prefer Lil Wayne. Forget what you would prefer. If there was a choice in 2024 And, I'm making a sound business decision, I would probably pick Kendrick Lamar. Why? Because Kendrick Lamar had a monster year. He has, and he's had a monster career. He's probably got an album. Wayne has a monster career. He's probably got an album coming out. See y'all forget something that little Wayne said on that 400 podcast. And that's just the reality of the situation. He said, I hope to do enough now to where they really consider me in February. If, you had to choose Lil Lil Kendrick.

6 (1h 13m 7s):
Lamar had the biggest year of any rapper, one of the biggest years of any musician. I agree. Period. I agree. So it's like for me, February I would've, like I said, I would've loved to see Lil Wayne and friends, but Kendrick Lamar at the Super Bowl during Black History Month and he probably dropping an album and he gonna win a Grammy for not like us or euphoria. So like I That's gonna be phenomenal. What's the

9 (1h 13m 25s):
Set's gonna be giving though? What up? Because people, like the people keep trying to play with Kendrick. Like he don't got

6 (1h 13m 29s):
The catalog. Kenrick Kendrick has Kendrick catalog. Ken 17 time Grammy winner, a Pulitzer Prize winner. This man has the highest grossing tour of any rapper ever. One rapper, solo, rapper lining show worldwide. They not like us. Put a big step, not like us. 110 million. I'd be one of people roast. If there was an option, I would prefer to see Lil Wayne in, in his hometown in New Orleans, Lil Wayne and friends. He has the catalog, he has the friends. And we just seen Kendrick a couple of years ago at the Superb Bowl. Now it wasn't his own set. Yeah, but I would've loved to see Lil Wayne. I think this was the perfect storm for Lil Wayne in New Orleans for him. Also, we could've did Kendrick next year because he's not in la.

6 (1h 14m 9s):
We could've did Kendrick to hit after that. You, you missed the moment then I get the the not like us moment. I get it. But it's two also. Two. If it wasn't for, if it wasn't for two things, right? If it wasn't for one Dr. Dre and Snoop Dogg being in California when the Rams was in the Super Bowl, we wouldn't have this expectation. Right. And if it wasn't, and if it wasn't for Jay-Z and Roc Nation curating the halftime Super Bowl, we wouldn't have this expectation. Right. Because it don't, it never used to matter what city. What city did Michael Jackson perform in? We don't even know. Who cares? What city did Prince perform in? Who cares? What city did Justin Timberlake reveal? Janet Jackson to The World in? Who cares? It doesn't matter. I do remember that one though. That was Charlotte, North Carolina. That was Charlotte. Yeah. I don't even remember who performed in York. The fact that I'm from the Carolinas. I remember that. No, but let's go to the phone lines.

6 (1h 14m 49s):
We got a lot of lines. Hello. Who's this?

37 (1h 14m 52s):
Hello.

6 (1h 14m 53s):
Hey, good morning. What? What were your thoughts on Kendrick performing at Super Bowl?

37 (1h 14m 57s):
Listen, I'm from New Orleans. We don't want that. I'm mad. We mad. I'm speaking for We mad. Okay.

6 (1h 15m 3s):
Should have been

37 (1h 15m 4s):
With you. Big mad cash money. I'm big mad. Okay. You know. I don't wanna hear it.

6 (1h 15m 9s):
I ain't even saying nothing. That's right. You said it right. I was the one saying Lil Wayne and friends for the past couple of years. But If, you giving me Kendrick. I get it. And also I was wrong. The He wasn't in Charlotte. It was in Houston. Oh, so you just, Charlotte was in the Super Bowl. It just came back to me just now. Hello? Who's this?

5 (1h 15m 24s):
Yo, this is Keith from Brooklyn. You heard Keith

6 (1h 15m 26s):
From Brooklyn. You heard

5 (1h 15m 28s):
Yo yo yo. I just don't, I just don't get the whole Kendrick Lamar being at the Super Bowl thing. Like how many, how many hit records does this man have? Charlotte?

6 (1h 15m 36s):
I had to hang up on him. Disrespectful. Don't do that because we, how many records does Kendrick have? Let the man tell accolade God the Grammys like, come on, let's stop that. We never gonna act like they not like us. This is only, that's chord with you. But that's when you educate. He has records. That's when you educate a person. You don't just hang up on him. Oh, 805 8 5 1 0 5 1. Kendrick Lamar performing at the Super Bowl. What's your thoughts? Is The Breakfast Club? Good morning.

11 (1h 16m 7s):
If y'all talking about it You know we talking about it? It's topic time. Call 805 8 5 1 0 5 1 to join into the discussion with The Breakfast Club.

6 (1h 16m 17s):
Morning everybody. It's Djj Envy. Jess. Hilarious Charlamagne the guy We are The Breakfast Club. Laura LaRosa is filling in for Jess now if you're just joining us. They announced over the weekend that Kendrick Lamar will be performing at the Super Bowl. And we're asking, what are your thoughts? 805 8 5 1 0 5 1. Hello. Who's this? What up

14 (1h 16m 36s):
Though? This is Lucky from Detroit.

6 (1h 16m 37s):
Lucky. What up? What up Doug from Detroit. What's your thoughts,

14 (1h 16m 41s):
Man? Just like Tory Lane's dad said, rock Nation shall crumble. I'm so tired of them having they hands behind everything. And, I hate fake love and fake energy from people. Jay-Z been acting like he rocked with Drape for all these years. And then you go and put Kendrick on the big stage where You know Drake used that line about the Super Bowl and that song. And you go and do this. I hate fake stuff. You

6 (1h 17m 5s):
Know, by the way, You know this is Twitter math, right? Like this is literally social media logic putting things together. These pe you really think these people sitting around thinking You know what we can do. We going piss Drake off because Drake said he was big as the Super Bowl, as the Jake Cole's not a Rock Nation artist. So why would he do that to Jake Cole. I thought that was the voice when you talking to the Mass. So now that's Thera Nation. Y'all do be talking to Mass. Okay. Hello, this is silly. Hello. Who's this?

14 (1h 17m 28s):
Hey, this is Carlin.

6 (1h 17m 29s):
Hey Carlin. What's, what's your thoughts on Kendrick Lamar performing at the Super Bowl?

14 (1h 17m 33s):
Man, I think it'll be great that he'll be performing, but honestly, we never know what may happen. He may just bring Lil Wayne onstage, which will be awesome because it'll be, that's right. It'd be that going on. We got Mardi Gras going on at that time. So I think the city's gonna be crazy in New Orleans at that

6 (1h 17m 49s):
Time. And by the way, not like us. It's perfect for them bands, them new Orleans bands. I'm trying to tell you man, You, know what I'm saying? Yes. That's what they can say about the HBCU homecoming. And, and and, and by the way, I wanna say something else. Y'all really want Kendrick Lamar to bring little Wayne out. No little Wayne can't do that. I don't understand what way can't do that. Why? Why can't he do that? You just demolished. You just beat my artist in the rap. There you go. Okay. Okay. You just beat my artist in the rap battle. Okay. Oh, I forgot. I know Y sorry. D my, I know y'all did. I can't come out there and rock the bad. Y'all are so ridiculous. I'm tell you something. Human beings are just ridiculous people. Why? You want, you really think Lil Wayne is gonna come out with Kendrick Lamar after you, after Kenrick? Lamar just wiped his ass with Drake. How did I forget that? That fast? Because that's what your generation does.

6 (1h 18m 31s):
And it's not even just you as a youngster, it's just this whole generation. We don't remember nothing. We are all such prisoners in the moment. And it's disgusting. I don't remember Kendrick busting Drake's ass. But you want to hear not like us? Mm. Just think about that. Just think about how the brain works. Oh, you got, you can't wait to head not like us in the Super Bowl, but you forgot who not like us is about that vein on this side. That eraser head. I what? Use your brick. Use your brains. Hello. Who's this? That all?

38 (1h 18m 56s):
Hello. How are you? Good morning guys.

6 (1h 18m 58s):
Good morning. What's your thought, mama?

38 (1h 18m 59s):
I believe that, how did I believe the children? I agree. I think I agree that he should, he should perform there because he's hot right now boy. And he come and he came out with a song with, he came out with another song after what Drake put out a couple weeks ago. So yeah, he should, he should perform.

6 (1h 19m 18s):
So you with you with Kendrick performing?

38 (1h 19m 20s):
Yeah, I definitely am Vy.

6 (1h 19m 22s):
Okay. Thank you. And Kendrick probably gonna drop a album. Listen, I have no prob. You're not going to get me to be upset. No. Over Kendrick Lamar bringing his unapologetically black ass on the Super Bowl stage during Black History month. And he's artsy. Do You know the show that we're about to see? I think the show is gonna be amazing. Like the way that Kendrick thinks a production and the way that his team thinks. That production's gonna be on another level and You know that. And anything. Anything that pisses off a beige biracial, oh my goodness. Light-skinned human. I am all for it. All right. I am here for the chaos. Yes I am. Yes I am. I am here for it. We're just with the mess coming up with, okay, let's go Kendrick Lamar. We do all right. But Little Wayne and Friends would've been great.

6 (1h 20m 2s):
But when you give me Kendrick LeMar, I can't. I'm like, oh, okay. Dang. Just be happy that we don't got to see, see Taylor Swift. Why won't y'all give Rock Nation they credit for constantly blocking Taylor Swift for the last five years.

9 (1h 20m 14s):
We wanted to see you move them shoulders to shake it all.

6 (1h 20m 16s):
I can't believe you would wanna see a white woman shaking her shoulders during black history. No, she woman, you want to see a man you, that would never happen. Yeah. I feel

9 (1h 20m 25s):
Like I've seen you do that dance before. Why do I feel like that?

6 (1h 20m 28s):
You would never see me shaking my shoulders. Yeah. Do we have that to shake it off during Black History month? I think that I have, especially when I know, especially if somebody said to me the options with Taylor Swift, Lil Wayne and Kendrick Lamar and we chose Taylor Swift. I'm boycotting. All right. Okay. You

9 (1h 20m 44s):
Not gonna watch it?

6 (1h 20m 45s):
No. Yes you would. I would. I would. Absolutely. Yes. First of, I have no interest in seeing Ellis with you

9 (1h 20m 49s):
Be in the living room like this shake. No. Yes you

6 (1h 20m 52s):
Would. No. Well we have Jess with the mess with Lauren LaRosa.

9 (1h 20m 54s):
We do. We are going to get into Rich homie Quan, his girlfriend who was with him during the 9 1 1 call, found him dead, spoke out, and his dad also posted a statement about everything that happened. So we're gonna talk about that a bit.

6 (1h 21m 6s):
All right. We'll get you that. Next is The Breakfast Club one. The Breakfast Club. Nope. You ain't bullying nothing Shut you not bullying nothing. Aubrey. All right.

9 (1h 21m 19s):
Talk about isn't

6 (1h 21m 20s):
He is it? Isn't Drake doing the, allegedly doing The World cup though? And I don't care. Well he's,

9 (1h 21m 25s):
He's, he's like arm in arm with them. But I thought he was talking about you when he said ain't bullying nothing. 'cause you was in here crying. Who

6 (1h 21m 31s):
Was crying? You definitely crying. I was joking. Y'all don't know what joke? Nope. I was getting my thespian on you a lesbian. Now what? This is crazy. Leave them people alone. What is that? You wanna be a stut so bad. That's why you don't be wearing no sleeves on your shirts no more. Oh my goodness.

39 (1h 21m 44s):
Studs don't wear sleeves. Yeah, Stu

6 (1h 21m 46s):
Don't wear sleeves.

39 (1h 21m 47s):
No. Yo, I ain't no studs. Didn't wear sleeves.

6 (1h 21m 49s):
Yo. I got sleeves on right now. Whatcha talking about? Let's get to just with the mess with law. Osa. You music is real,

16 (1h 21m 56s):
Real. Just Robin Moore just don't do no lines. Don't

6 (1h 21m 59s):
Do. She don't spare. Nobody. She don't worldwide. Jess Worldwide mess on The. Breakfast Club. She's a coach. Lauren, Lauren LA I'm back.

9 (1h 22m 13s):
And. I got the mess.

6 (1h 22m 15s):
Talk to me.

9 (1h 22m 17s):
So really quickly, I wanted to make mention of Rich homie Quan's father and his girlfriend who broke their silence over the weekend about his passing. So Rich homie Quan's dad said he posted an Instagram story and said, I'm laying here, can't sleep. Quick story. Last week Quan called me And. I answered. And he said, what's wrong? I said, nothing. Just listen to a song. Made me think about, just listened to a song that made me think about Met. He said, pops, I got shows in Miami this weekend. Come and go with me. You need a mental break. I booked my flight, booked us a nice mansion to stay in, not knowing my son wouldn't be here to go with me. Moral of the story tomorrow is not promised. Enjoy life and make memories with your loved ones. Wow.

6 (1h 22m 55s):
Very sad. And I. Know, You know in this world that we're in things horrible move so fast like You know just a couple days ago it was all rich homie Quan. Now it's all Kendrick Super Bowl, Wayne. But yo, that family is going to be living with that grief forever. A hundred percent. Okay. So the things we move on from people have to live with forever.

9 (1h 23m 12s):
His girlfriend who actually found him, she posted something You know sentiments very similar to what you're saying, Charlamagne. She said the pain is unbearable. The love that she has shown is, has been shown so far since his passing has overflown has is over. It's overflowing. She says she appreciates everybody who has reached out. She's traumatized for the moment. From a moment that will forever be in her head. That's right. And she ended it. You know she talked about the 15 years they spent together and how she's heartbroken and she ended it with hashtag numb. Damn. Yeah, I can't imagine. Woo.

6 (1h 23m 40s):
Sending the healing energy to that whole family man. For sure. Lord have mercy. For

9 (1h 23m 44s):
Sure, for sure. And other news, someone who is You know also trying to heal, but this is a physical injury. Angel Reese. So Angel Reese is crazy because we were just talking about her last week and the podcast and what we're gonna get to see between her and Caly Clark. Caitlyn Clark and like all of that. And now she's out for the rest of the season. Let's take a listen to Instagram live that she posted.

40 (1h 24m 6s):
So You know I hurt my wrist, I'm out for the season. I fell on my hand when I got the Em one when I fell back, fell on my hand. And it is a small crack in my bone. The risk of not having surgery, I could literally have arthritis at 22 years old. The bone could literally crack and literally completely shatter. Right now it's like a hairline, but they're gonna put like a small little screw on it. And I wasn't going for getting any bigger. So I got, I'm getting surgery on Tuesday. I'm literally gonna be a heart cast for six, four weeks and then I'm gonna be in a, a soft cast for two weeks that is removable. And then I'm back. So six weeks I'll be back.

6 (1h 24m 47s):
Well, dropping a clue. Bonds with Angel Reese. Man, phenomenal rookie year that young lady had. Yeah, she made history. What are the single, the most rebounds in the single season? I double double, right? That was a double, double, double. I know she did the 50

9 (1h 24m 58s):
Double consecutive double doubles.

6 (1h 24m 59s):
Double. I think she broke the all time single season re two band. I think she did two. Yeah, she should get Rookie of the year, man. It should be co rookie of year. They both will baller what

9 (1h 25m 9s):
You think it should be, Caitlin?

6 (1h 25m 10s):
Yes, it should be Caitlyn. Got it. Shouldn't be Angel Reese as well though.

9 (1h 25m 13s):
You can only do 1 1 1.

6 (1h 25m 16s):
Rookie done. They done Cole rookies that the year before.

9 (1h 25m 17s):
Don't gimme co. I don't want co nothing. Like why would you give, they

6 (1h 25m 19s):
Both busted ass. They both broke records. Listen, I I maybe before the Olympic break I would've said Cole after the Olympic break. Nah, Kaitlyn Clark should be rookie the year guys. I think it

9 (1h 25m 28s):
Should be. Cole does this, does this mess up anything with her stardom? Does this diminish the start? Not at all.

6 (1h 25m 31s):
Not at all. Uhuh, because you can't teach that. That's the thing. Like what Angel Reese has You know what Kaitlyn Clark has. You can't teach that there's an interest that people have in both of them. And you can't teach that to nobody. You either got that or you don't. Right. Andrew Reese is a superstar that, okay, drop on Cruise moms for Andrew Reese and SLU to Carry Champion. She put out a podcast today called the Making of a rivalry. Kaitlyn Clark versus Angel Reese on Naked Sports through the Black Effect Podcast Network. So check that out today.

9 (1h 25m 60s):
And, and at least Angel Reese has her podcast too, because she can keep everybody updated with how, what You know what's going on. She says she'll still be on the sidelines of the games being a big cheerleader as well too. So,

6 (1h 26m 8s):
And she, she averaged 13. 13. That that's all Star rookie. You don't think that's a rookie of the year? Okay.

9 (1h 26m 16s):
Why you looking at him like disgust?

6 (1h 26m 18s):
I'm not even not with this guy. Like he just, no, not even, I'm not even having this conversation with her. Okay.

9 (1h 26m 23s):
If, you don't have look at you like that. She

6 (1h 26m 25s):
Didn't, I mean, Kayla Clark did 19 five points, eight assist. I think they're both co rookies. All right, but go ahead, continue on. Indiana Fever are like the fifth seed. Like, like in in, in the playoffs right now. Doesn't mean she ain't busting ass out there. I mean, who is busting ass? I think angel's phenomenal, but she's just not rookie the year. Like I just, like I said, if you'd asked me before the Olympic break, I would've had a different conversation Now. Well

9 (1h 26m 45s):
Look, you standard with white

6 (1h 26m 47s):
Now? Not No, I'm just standing with facts. White woman, not white men. Okay.

9 (1h 26m 50s):
Women? I said women. Oh,

6 (1h 26m 51s):
I didn't hear you

9 (1h 26m 52s):
Women. You just heard men. I just heard men. Look at you. Well, chaw rocks, speaking of standing my sister's back outside. I don't know how that's speaking of standard, but I tried to do something there. Anyway, Chris Sha Rock was arrested back in June. You guys remember she had went into the courthouse for a probation violation and then she was actually arrested and extradited to Oklahoma. So she has been arrested or locked up ever since. She just came back home and got to see her baby. She missed the baby's first birthday, but she posted a video with the baby showing us that she was back with the baby. And then she posted an Instagram live talking about like You know how, where she is now mentally. And she prayed. Let's take a listen. Okay,

41 (1h 27m 31s):
Let me just say thank you Lord. Okay. Thank you Jesus for this revamp. I got all my, well, I'm getting all my stuff out the way so I can like be effective and just in my son's life for real. And then I ain't gonna hold you. I'm working on my purity. Y'all like, that's You know how people like, oh, you don't get my life together. I gotta get my money. No, it's really like, just really walking that walk. Okay, let me just say thank you Lord. My son is old like Lord, that is crazy. He grew yo and he's, I ain't going. He remember me. But look, new projects, new film too. You praying? Come on. Oh yeah, let's pray. Okay. Yeah, she got, she was praying. I just wanna say thank you so much I got that to ask for, but continue to keep helping me with this journey of giving my purity.

41 (1h 28m 17s):
Like just stand in my purity.

6 (1h 28m 19s):
All drop all the clue bombs for Krishan Rock. I wish her the absolute best. I'm she's on the journey like we all are. I have, I want her to get it together.

9 (1h 28m 28s):
I, the prayer was so, it was so Chan

6 (1h 28m 30s):
God know her heart. Yes he do. Okay, well that is just God. Like look, I'm ignoring you the same way. I, I pop in and out with you

9 (1h 28m 36s):
Too. Listen, that's what I say. God know my heart and my house.

6 (1h 28m 39s):
He's gonna cover me. Let us just with the mess with Laura LaRosa. Let's get to the mix now. And we are gonna be giving somebody, y'all know this. Y'all don't know this God, y'all talk about and con congratulations. God, know your heart and your hope. Hold on and congratulations from Tanisha Johnson from Tallahassee, Florida. Oh, she's coming to Powerhouse 2024. What did you just say? Morning everybody. It's DJ Envy. Justis Charlamagne, the guy we are The, Breakfast Club. Lauren LaRosa. Filling in for Jess. We gotta congratulate Tanisha Johnson from Tallahassee, Florida. She was calling 1 0 5. She's going to powerhouse 2024 with performances from a Boogie gunner, Bryson Tiller boss man, DLO Jordan at to g gave from on the radar and more acts will be announced. All right, we gonna fly her up here.

6 (1h 29m 20s):
We gonna take care of a hotel and give her some tickets. So congratulations to Tanisha Johnson from Florida. All right, also salute to Chloe Bailey for joining us this morning. Salute to my rich cousin, Chloe Bailey. Make sure you check out her new album of Trouble, trouble in Paradise. And make sure you check out Fight Night on Peacock. Fight Night on Peacock is a good ass series. I

9 (1h 29m 37s):
Heard it was good. My friends watched it after the interview. They said it was real good.

6 (1h 29m 40s):
Good ass series. I'm not even gonna hold you. Good ass series. Kevin is killing the role of of Chicken Man. Chicken Man. Oh man, it's really good. Like it's a really good series. All right, when we come back we got the positive notice. The Breakfast. Club. Good morning. Morning everybody. It's EJNV. Just hilarious. Charlamagne the guy we are The Breakfast. Club Lauren holding it down for Jess. It's time to get up outta here again. I know you were out and about Fashion Week. Yes sir. Is Fashion

9 (1h 30m 2s):
Week over? No, it's not over yet. There's still some other dates this week. So you gonna be out? I'm gonna be out. Make sure y'all follow me on Instagram. Lauren, it's L-O-R-E-N Y'all. La Rosa. LO Lauren

6 (1h 30m 11s):
Lo Rosa

9 (1h 30m 12s):
SA. Yes. La Rosa or Brown Girl Grinding. I'm posting everything there. So I'm taking y'all with me to some of the things that we are attending. Y'all can see the looks 'cause You know the looks be looking.

6 (1h 30m 21s):
Alright, well we got a positive news Charlamagne. Yeah, I wanna tell everybody too. In New Orleans man, I'm gonna be at Xavier University on September 20th. And. I'm gonna be at Baldwin Company books at 7:30 PM on Friday, September 20th. Man. So You know. Go get your tickets to see me, okay? Because I will be signing copies of my new book. Get Honest to Die Line. Why Small Talk Sucks and I'll be having a conversation about my new book. Get Honest to Die Line. Why Small Talk Sucks at Baldwin Company September 20th, 7:30 PM in New Orleans and and and Wednesday I'll be with my guy Wallo man. You know Wallo got a new book coming out called Armed With Good Intentions. So I will be with Wallo at Uncle Bobby's in Philadelphia on Wednesday at 7:00 PM So Philly You know I love Philly man.

6 (1h 31m 5s):
My, my all my the best studs in The World are in Philly. Okay. I guess with no sleeves every

9 (1h 31m 11s):
Stop playing with them Philly studs. Especially if they from North Philly they gonna pull up on you. Philly

6 (1h 31m 15s):
Studs wear Donovan McNabb jerseys and now they still rep Donovan McNabb but they wear Michael Vick jerseys, Donovan McNabb Jersey jerseys and Jalen Hertz jersey. It Smoke Newports and they wear the Allen Iverson Black Jerseys. Damn that's, that's

9 (1h 31m 29s):
With Black forces too. That's

6 (1h 31m 30s):
The studs in Philly

9 (1h 31m 32s):
Guaranteed. And they wear the low top socks. That's not like the like the like ankle socks. But like you could see it a little bit over

6 (1h 31m 37s):
Force. I'm telling you Get wear Dr. J Jersey. Nah, nah. Alan Robinson. Nah it's ai. AI Black Jersey number three is the official uniform of all studs in Philadelphia. Okay. Alright, that's right. Now

9 (1h 31m 47s):
You gonna come in here with a jersey on.

6 (1h 31m 50s):
All right, well Positive minute. Oh the positive notice, simply this confidence is not, they will like me, confidence is I'll be fine if they don't have a Blessed Monday Breakfast Club bitches, do y'all finish or y'all done?

Health-Ade (1h 32m 2s):
There's two kinds of people in The World, people who love Health Aid kombucha and people who have never tried it. The bubbly mix of probiotic tea and refreshing juice is delicious and good for your gut health with great flavors to choose from that you can't help but love if you've never tried it before, maybe try a bottle or can of passion fruit tangerine or a ginger lemon. Your taste buds and your gut will. Thank you. Look for the brown bottle with an anchor on it and try Health aid Kombucha today. Health aid kombucha.

High 5 Casino (1h 32m 33s):
The following is a high five Moment from high five casino.com. Welcome To Burger Yippy. Would you like a high apple pie today? Yes. Yes. Yeah, I won. Woohoo. So that's a yes on the apple pie. I just went big time playing High Five Casino on my phone. Real cash prizes, free daily rewards over 1200 games. So yes or no on the apple pie? Whoa. Ah, I won again. I'll take that as a yes. Drive around. Have you had your High five moment today? Only at high five. casino.com. High five Casino was a social casino. No purchase necessary. We're prohibited to play responsibly. Conditions apply. See website for details.

20 (1h 33m 2s):
High

18 (1h 33m 2s):
Five casino

BrightView Senior Living (1h 33m 4s):
Residents at BrightView Senior. Living communities enjoy enhanced possibilities, independence and choice. BrightView Dulles Corner in Herndon and BrightView Great Falls offer Vibrant senior independent living, assisted living and memory care services through various daily programs and cultural events. Chef prepared meals, safety and security, transportation, resorts to amenities and high quality care. Everything you need is here. Discover more at BrightView Senior Living dot com. Equal housing opportunity.

Coca-Cola (1h 33m 34s):
This is Coke Zero sugar. Could I be the best Coke ever? Try and taste with your ears here. Those bubbles, imagine them tingling on your top busy deliciousness. Listen to that cascading liquid. A mouthwatering waterfall, Irresistibly, tasty, Zero sugar, crisp, refreshing, and ice. Gold is Coke. Zero sugar the best Coke ever. Try and decide.

Goya  (1h 34m 3s):
Make empanadas at home in three easy steps. One, open the Goya empanada dough package. Two, fill with juicy, spicy Chipotle chicken or your favorite filling. And three, bake until perfectly crisp. Three easy steps compared to the 1,872 steps it takes to climb to the top of the Empire State or the 7.5 million steps it takes to walk from coast to coast. See, making homemade empanadas with Goya and panada dough is easy. Find it in the freezer section. If it's Goya, it has to be good.