
You could sit there and listen to ads, or you could take a moment to have a Diet Coke break. First, grab a chill diet Coke. 'cause if you want it to be perfect, it needs to be crispy. Next, get a big cup of ice. 'cause everyone knows Diet Coke is best served swimming and ice. Then sip it slowly. Feel that burn and enjoy your break for as long as possible. When you need a break, don't forget to grab an ice cold Diet Coke and take a Diet Coke break.


The holidays are here. It's that time of year to think about yes, gifts, but not only gifts. It's the guests, the party planning, and the true meaning of the season. Spending time with family and friends. We know it's a lot, but we're here to ease your mind and share some tips. So we'll make it through. Together with the season getting underway, now is the time to shop early for amazing holiday deals at Amazon. Amazon has a wide selection for all your holiday needs. I don't care if you wanna get your people's laptops, gaming screens, whatever it is they need Amazon. Got it. And please remember, you can find the best holiday gifts on Amazon. Shop great deals now on Amazon. And visit amazon.com/black Effect podcast for my favorite picks.


Life is an act of constant reinvention that's true for you and for cause. Nissan reimagined the all new kicks around you. The Bowls Personal plus sound system with speakers in the headrest keeps you in the groove while the Nissan Safety Shield 360 technologies keep you safe. If Nissan reinvented the kicks, you can reinvent yourself. Drive the all new Reimagined Nissan kicks today. Available Features compatible device service and consumer activation of Nissan Connect Services. Package required Use only when safe and legal subject to third party service availability For more information, see Nissan usa.com/connect/legal Apple CarPlay is a trademark of Apple Link Intelligent All-Wheel Drive cannot prevent collisions or provide enhanced traction in all conditions. Always monitor traffic and weather conditions.


The holidays are about spending time with your loved ones and creating magical memories that will last a lifetime. So whether it's family and friends you haven't seen in a while, or those who you see all the time, share holiday magic this season with an ice cold Coca-Cola. Copyright 2024. The Coca-Cola Company.


Taking control of your career is empowering. Just don't tell my boss I said that. Building a career just isn't about a job. It's about creating a path that impacts our community and future generations. Whether you're starting out or making big moves, state Farm is here to support you with resources to help protect what you're working hard to achieve. They've got your back every step of the way because Like a good neighbor. State Farm is there. Find out more@statefarm.com.


Good morning, usa. Yo Yo, yo, yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo, yo yo. Just hilarious. Wake that ass up. Charlemagne the guy piece To the planet. Guess what day it is? Guess what day it is? Hump day. Good morning. How y'all feel out there? That's right. It's Wednesday. Hump day, middle of the week. How you feeling, Jess? I Feel good. You feel good? Yes. Listen, so I, I believe that my son is a genius. Right? Last night, You know, I I baked chicken and You know when you bake chicken in a pan and you leave it in the, the oven, like you have to let that pan soak. You know how that goes. Right? Well, my son was like, nah. 'cause he is responsible for dishes.


That's his chores. So he was, I said, just let it soak. He was like, nah, I wanna finish it tonight. I got, I gotta show you something. He had, he took a coke. Right. And he pulled it in a pan and he like, it got everything off like the, the dishwashers and liquid didn't even get it off. 'cause it had to soak. Right. Yo, it burn. It started burning the, the, the rust or whatever residue Off of video. The Residue. Yeah. And so He wiped it. He watches YouTube. Yeah. Yeah. That's the YouTube. YouTube. You learned that on YouTube? YouTube. My TikTok, It don't damn matter. I just told you what my son taught me and whether he got it from YouTube, TikTok or whatever. Well, You know that back in the day, they used to take Coke for, for crime scenes and they would pour it on the, pour it on the blood to get the blood up. Okay. Yeah. Did you get outta YouTube or did You know that from personal experience back In the day?


I'm 46 years old. Okay. Been around. I'm only 32. And, I didn't know that my, it was funny that my 12-year-old showed me that like, nah, I got it. I got it. Like, he couldn't wait to do that. Then now I You do that To your teeth Too? Yeah. Really wild Drink coke. So, but yeah, Allegedly. Allegedly. Okay. Chris do. But that's why we had it. And he No. Is it, I don't know. But Id say allegedly, when you start saying that Coke pull stuff over teeth, just Sly. Right? Well, she said Coke, Coke is a flavor, but cola is the flavor. Coca-Cola. Yeah. Well now see, that's the, that's the brand. That's the difference. Oh, you are tripping. I'm talking about Coca-Cola soda. Yes. That's the brand. Well, he Did, he didn't think he was using Coke. Coke. I was gonna say no. Like I don't have that laying Around. Think your son got some Coke.


I'm just saying if you say Coke or if you say Cola, I think Yeah, if you say Coke, you Cola. I think they both the brand. Yeah. But if you say one, if you just say Cola, that's a flavor. Yeah. Yes. Cola is the flavor. Got Pepsi. Pepsi Cola too. There you go. Cola. Yeah. Yes. Okay. Yeah. Alright. Well's going Guys. How feel? Man, I'm blessed Black And Holly favor? What's happening out here in this street? Yes. Great. The holiday season is here. And. I. Love it. I love seeing the lights. I love hearing the Music. It's not enough though. If here in New York City, the the light, the tree goes up today. Today they like the tree game. Because I was out last night. I went to go see Har Decisions that Sony Hall last night. And I was like, yo, it still don't feel like New York is in the Christmas spirit. Like they need to be. Mm. Like you don't see all the lights and everything today, after the day Will Today. Yeah. You ain't At the show. I did made It was nice. Made a horrible decision.


How You know you wasn't there. No, I like that show. Yo Like Their show. And Yo, you the You know man wasn't there. But yes. I dare have a good show. So I Know. Yes. Best, best Live podcast show in the business. Horrible Decisions is Salute to that. Salute To Louisiana, Mandy and everybody. That's part of their game. That's right. And also Salute to Jais. He'll be joining us this morning. He has a new album Baby Making. There's a lot going on with him. Recently Engaged. Just had a baby. So we gonna talk to him. He gave a a drinking This documentary dropped today too. The documentary came out today as well. That's right. So we gonna be talking to Jacque. What Is it called? I am qui. Oh, I am qui. Qui. Oh, I'm qui. Oh, You said qui. I thought you said I Amm.


I was like, what? No, I am que Okay. It's not I am que it's I am que. Oh baby. It's, I qui. I thought you said I'm qui. I'm like, well, that's not the, oh no. Alright, well let's get the show Crack. We got front page news a lot to discuss it. Breakfast Love. Good morning. Oh, it's Ho's birthday today. You know we have to start with this. Happy Born day ho happy Born day to Ho JayZ. Morning everybody. Happy birthday Ho. We are The Breakfast Club. And let's get in some front page news. Look at Morgan holding up the rock sign. Okay, Morgan? Yeah. I had to, I have to separate it just a little bit from El, from Delta Friends You. know what I'm saying? See What the hell. You see Morgan? She's On the script. She's on my screen on her computer. I don't Oh, okay. I'ma I'm gonna hammer that. I'm sorry. I was like she on his computer.


Allegedly. Don't worry about what I identify as Until January 20th. After January 20th. You better figure it out. Listen, what's up is as can't Asua can't see y'all. Yes, please. Get it together. Nah. Hey, y'all doing? Y'all good? Yes, Girl. Good. All right, let's get into it. So President Biden is now officially the first sitting president to visit Angola. And he said he is committed to supporting the nation. Now his visit comes as part of an effort to help build Angola's infrastructure and help the US work with the country to get critical minerals used in electric batteries. Now, the US is supporting, also supporting a railway project that will export those minerals from Central Africa to in Angolan Port. Let's hear from President Biden who spoke in Angola yesterday.


The United States is all in all in an Angola. We've already, my administration alone has invested over $3 billion in Angola thus far. The future of The World is here in Africa in Angola. So Biden made his comments at, at the National Museum of Slavery and acknowledge Angola's history in the United States. Now, historians say Angola's accounted for as many, for many of the enslaved Africans shipped to the US and some of the first to arrive in Virginia in the early 16 hundreds. Now, Biden said it's the nation's duty to face its history, including the tough parts. He also said the US is all in on Angola's or Africa's future.


Echoing the comments he made in 2022 when he promised to invest millions in Africa, the White House said he has delivered on that promise by investing billions over the time that he has been in office. He went on to say that he sees the bonds between the two countries and across sectors like clean energy, healthcare and sports. President Biden ain't fooling nobody. He looking for someplace to live before Trump gets in office. Okay? Biden and his family. Like, we gotta get outta Delaware before Trump puts us in prison. Yeah. You know, he's, he's talking all the things he's gonna do for Angola, but he only got about a month left. What, what is he gonna Do for, he gave him a billion dollars. Right? And, I was looking at those, the formalities in that ceremony yesterday. Like, I wonder how they, how Olas feel knowing that all of this is going to shift within a matter of months.


So You know He's looking for another place to stay. All right. Trump gonna lock him in the family up. All right. The way we come up with all this money, we just be giving money to everybody's messed up. Well, speaking of which the Senate, the Showdowns are going, they're looming over the President-elect appointees Trump's appointees now veteran and Fox personality, Pete Hegseth. He met with senators who will vote on whether he should become the defense secretary. Now he's a being accused of having alarming drinking habits while working at Fox News. Now, 10 current and former Fox employees spoke with NBC News and said that Hegseth drank the way he drinks is concerning to them. Now, two people said that on more than a dozen occasions, he smelled like alcohol right before going on air and would complain about hangovers regularly.


Now, one source said they smell alcohol on him as recently as last month. Of course it's not illegal to drink, but You know you probably shouldn't be drunk necessarily at work. Now the New Yorker recently detailed concerns about his drinking at two jobs previously before he was at Fox. Now his legal team is of course, denying those allegations. Meanwhile, Alabama Senator Tommy Tuberville, he says he's 100% behind Hegseth, of course. And insists there's nothing to those, all to those allegations that's hear from Senator Tuberville. He's gonna be for the people that actually do the fighting, not for the people that plan the fighting. There's not gonna be anything to this at the end of the day. So Yeah, that, that, that's one I don't think is gonna happen. I can, I can see him withdrawing any day now just because of all of the things that they're pulling out about him.


And that's the thing about politics, right? Like once you get involved in politics, they start pulling out every allegation, every single thing that you've ever been accused of. And it's just like, how much do you want out there? Even if it's, even if it's not true. How much do you want out there personally? And then I think I read yesterday that they was talking about what Ron DeSantis for the job Possibly. Yeah, that's what they were Saying. When you start hearing other names mentioned, he's probably going to end up withdrawing. Well, speaking of withdrawing President-elect Trump's to run for Drug enforcement administration. I'm like, I just was talking about you yesterday, dude. He is withdrawing his nomination. Hillsborough County Sheriff Chad Chronister says in a post on X that as the gravity of the job sets in, he's decided to focus on continuing his work locally in Florida.


Now Trump originally selected Chronister for the job just Saturday. The man didn't make it past anyways, but yes. So I'm not gonna get too much into that. They're, they're starting to step down here and step up in other places. I'm working. Well, well Even for him, it's like they started pulling out things about him. So. Right, right. Yeah. That's anybody who joins politics You know you. You gotta have a a, a clean slate when it comes to that politics. 'cause if You know you any dirt, it's gonna come out. Yeah, it's gonna come out. It's gonna' have to have a clean slate. But the dirt is gonna come out. It's gonna Come out. Yeah. You definitely gotta know how to handle It. And if there is no dirt, they're gonna make up something. That's Right. That's Right. Absolutely. Alright, we'll talk more at 7:00 AM We are take things home to New York and bring things home as well for you.


For you Jess. In Baltimore. We got, sorry. Okay. Alright. Well at it front page news. Everybody else get it off your chest. 805 8 5 1 0 5 1. How you feeling this morning? You feeling good? You? know high spirit? Let us know. 805 8 5 1 0 5. When parents did those elves come back? Just reminding y'all. Just, just reminding y'all. Just in case you're about to leave and you forgot. All right. Get it off. Get chest else. 800, 5 85 People like that. Man. It's a politically correct word for it. I don't know if it's elves. You can't just call 'em elves 'cause it's a holiday season. I'm Talking about the elves on the shelf. Man. You Can't say nothing. We can't see. You can't definitely say, Mitch, We can't see thet. No, you can't Say nothing. I still say, Mitch, I think it's disrespectful. I thought you couldn't on. He Said Calling calling a grown human little person.


Dis disrespect. That's crazy. That is more Disrespectful. But you're not a little person. So You know how. Oh, you are. But anyway. All right. Well, let's get it off your chest. It's The Breakfast, Club. Good morning The Breakfast Club. This is your time to get it off your chest. 8 5 8 5 1 0 5 1. We wanna hear from you on The. Breakfast. Club. Hello. Who's this? What's going on a great day. D Money from Philly. Hey, what's up Dame from Philly. Get it off your chest, brother. Hey, Yo, real fast. I'm gonna get this south away for envy because I'm a truck driver, Matt. Oh, he, he honk the horn, but he breaking up, so Yeah, We ain't hear the horn, man. You gotta do it again, bro. Do it one More time. I Wanna do it again. If you need to hear you blow, You hear, Hey, yo, yo sha Man, you got chill.


You don't one call up here talking about you wanna blow for envy in the morning. I thought that was like something that you was calling me For me, Man. We know what you meant, man. Don't let 'em take out joy. Hey, yo. But look, Hey, hey, yo, but Charlamagne, I wanted to give your flowers You know the mental health and all that. And my, my cousin is actually Rachel, Rachel Edwards. I wanna give her a shout out too. She was like, I wish you would've called up when I was working up there. Oh man. I was with Rachel last night. Rachel. We was out last night. Rachel. Rachel. Yeah. That's my girl too. I love Rachel. Man. That's my heart. We, we, we, we, we had Thanksgiving. She was, we was all together. We Jamaican You. know what I mean? We from Philly. Hey. Oh yeah, yeah. I've had, I I've had Rachel's mama's oxtails before. Yeah, She, you should have saw man.


She looked like she cooked like she was cooking, cooking for an orphanage. That's how she do. That's What, that's what's Up. But yeah, man, And I, I, I ran into, I ran into Jeff before PR man around 2020 I. Don't know if you remember, I was the dude from Philly and you was like, you probably brought these flying ropes in Philly with you. Oh my God. No, I don't remember that. But You told him he bought roaches, you Don't remember? No, no. It was these Big as, it was these big ass flying roaches in pr and Jess was running from them. Oh my God. No, I don't remember that. It sound like something I said. Oh My god. No, but you was, I ain't gonna lie. You was cool as hell. I thought you would've been bougie or some shit.


Oh, nah, nah. Never that You was cool as Hell. Thank you. Yeah. But Yeah, man, that's all that, that's all I wanted to say, man. We Appreciate you brother. My first time call And. I got through, man. I love y'all though, man. Listen to y'all every day in the morning. Appreciate You King. Be safe for them, rose. I Will, I will. Have a good one, brother. Hello. Who's this? Hey, it's Naomi. Hey Naomi. What up Naomi? Get it off your chest. I'm so mad. Over the weekend, I ordered a quote from And. I ordered the size up and the coat came. I loved it. Said it can me. What is she saying about coat with that baby in the background? She Said coat. She ordered a coat, a jacket.


And it's too, it's too small or too Big. Well stop ordering from Tim. You wanted, you wanted to buy that coat for $6? No, it was from Mackay. And I'm so mad because I usually don't even buy stuff that's expensive. I wanted to treat myself. What's it called From who? What's it called? What's the place called? Mackay. Mackay. What's that? Jess, You mean Mica? M-I-C-A-S? No, Mackay. M-A-M-A-C-U-K-A-G-E. Oh. I don't know what that is. Okay. How much was that coat? $7. Eight 90? No, it 890 And 90 cents. You Just spent eight 90 on a coat and you just had cyber deals. And Black Friday it's 890.


Yes. 890. I'm so mad. What kind of code was it? A pea code, A Mac car. I know, but what kind of code is it? Is it a bubble code? A trench coat? A what is it? It's A, it's a puffer. It's like a, you Bought a puffer for a thousand dollars a puffer. Where you live at Brooklyn. Wow. What That puffer. You think that puffer gonna keep you warm? And these New York streets. Oh my God. That's crazy. Is it too small? It's too small. It's too big. Oh damn, Man. You could have bought two, you could have bought two North faces. Right? That amount Of money. You better put a hoodie under it and wear it. Proud. That's right. A thousand investment in You. know What I was thinking? Oh my God. Yep. I'm so sad. But I love you guys. Love You baby.


A man ain't sound like nobody even want to rob you for that coat. What I'm saying, Get it off your chest. 805 8 5 1 0 5 1. If you need to vent, hit us up now. It's The. Breakfast. Club. Good morning. The. Breakfast. Club. Ray. Ray. Ray. Yo. Charly, man. Envy. What up are we live? This is your time to get it off your chest. I Got an indoor pool, a outdoor Pool. We want to hear from you on The. Breakfast. Club. We can Get on the phone right now here, tell you what it is. We live. Hello? Who's this? Yo, this is Keith from Brooklyn. You heard From Brooklyn? You heard Morning. Yo. What's going on Jack? Hilarious. Charlemagne Envy. God bless y'all. What's up man? Get it off your chest.


Yo. Yo. Happy birthday to Jigga Jay-Z the president of our culture. Wow. I love this man so much. And he's the greatest to ever do it. Argue with your mom. Argue with your dad. Argue with your keyboard. Just don't argue with me. You're the Greatest. Hey, listen, I, you ain't gonna get no dispute from me on that. That's right. SL ute to the good brother Ho. Absolutely. Have a good one. Yeah. Hey, hey, hey. Wait, wait, wait, wait. Can I get, can I give a, can I give a request please? What You want here? Can I please hear? I got the keys. I got the keys. Keys, Keys. Keys. Jay-Z and Future from Khaled. Yeah. Yeah. Can I hear that? Yeah. I didn't know nobody really liked that record to be honest with you. I Love that record.


Yo. No, I'll never forget where I was when I heard that record. Oh, Okay. That's dope. I mean that, that's not my favorite whole record. Right? I would, that's not what I would ask. That's not even in the top. That's not my favorite. But it's not one of my, It's one of my favorites. Alright. All right brother. Have a good one. All right. Hello. Who's this? Hi. Good morning. My name's Katrina. Hey Katrina. Good morning. Get off your chest. Hi. Good. Going to talk about how I took my car about a week ago to get fixed on a Saturday. They gave me back the car in worst condition that I took my car to them. Nothing's coming on on the dash. It doesn't even run And. I just wanted to talk about loyalty and how it's good to keep customers and they, they told me they was gonna refund me and then they just cut off all communication from me.


So I just wanted to get that off my chest. That it's good to be loyal to your customers and keep a good rep for your You know for yourself and your company. Absolutely. Joint city company name. Exactly. Yeah. What's the name of it? What's a small It's, I live in a small town in Kansas. And. I had known this guy for like, since I was a teenager. I'm 42 years old right now and I've been taking my car to this guy. He passed away a couple years ago and his daughter took over the business and she's not the same as him because he was a good person that was trustworthy. And I guess obviously she's not the same as him. So she's a mechanic. I guess so, because she came to my house Monday to supposedly fix it or try to fix it again 'cause it's a timing valve solenoid or something.


And it still didn't work. So she said she was gonna come tomorrow and then she didn't, I mean yesterday and then she didn't answer me at all yesterday. Dang. Well you try again today. 'cause you just never know. She could have been in an accident. She could had a family emergency. It could be anything. Give her another day before you start wilding out. Yeah, no, I think my patience has wore enough And I in order to keep my teeth. I just wanna let it go. Okay. Yeah. Alright, well have a good one. Well thank you. Y'all have a great day. You Too. Them stud mechanics. It's crazy. You stupid. I I don't trust a stud mechanic now. That's you trust what? Yes. Hell yeah. Because they just look like they know how to fix the car until, until you got that situation that that lady got, she probably don't even if I'll trust a stud mechanic, I ain't gonna front stud mechanic.


I'll be like, man, please head take that Richard And. I know. You know what to do with a screwdriver. You know. Shut up man. Yo. Hello. Is this Good Morning Breakfast Club? Good morning. What's up? What's up brother? What's your name? Casey out of Ohio. I wanted to get off my chest. I wanted to set you straight on yo narrative about the Drake storing Kendrick Lamar. The only reason Drake is, and he ain't even sawing Kendrick, he's storing the label because prior to the beef, where a lot of people don't know is he was in negotiation with the label because his numbers was up. They came to the table and he like, Hey, hey, shut up man. You learned that off TikTok and YouTube. Drake did a deal.


No, Actually I, entertainment, news, entertainment. Lemme Ask question. The deal that they was offering him for his new contract, that's not true. That's it. That's not true. But let me ask you a question. When, when did, when is the last time Drake did his deal? Since you follow entertainment news, when's the last time he re up When Drake Tiger, his last deal, he re up his deal in 2019 when him and him and Wayne renegotiated after the little de away going jail. Nope, it was 2022. You got $400 million. Nope. Four Oh million. Yes. With with UMG. Yes. Yes. 2022. Look it up Mr. I do my research.


Mr. I know what I'm talking about. 'cause I follow entertainment news. I do follow entertainment news. And, I can miss some point sometimes. But for the majority of it, the narrative to control the narrative of the story, the lawsuit is not about him screwing him over the song. He's throwing the label over them, edging the metrics to make it look better for us. Their benefit. Here's the thing, man. Nobody has benefited from that system doing that more than Drake. Okay? Like that's just a fact. So, so here's the thing. What You know, You know how they say men lie. Women lie numbers don't. Drake is telling you that numbers lie because he's telling you that this is what these systems do You think that system has never done that for him? You think two C slide was really a number one record, sir Toothy slot You.


know what I'm saying? Like really? You really think that sir? Alright, I'm gonna give you your credit on that one. That's one of those songs I he could have kept in the heart. Yeah, the bye man. But when you got, when you got a system behind you that can inflate numbers, they can make things number one. And they did that with Toothy slot. But I they didn't have to do that with not like us. I can tell you that much. Get it off your chest. 805 8 5 1 0 5 1. If you need to vent, you can hit us up now. We got just with the mess coming up. Yeah. Cardi out here trying to prove herself to nobodies again. Alright, we'll get to that Next. It's The Breakfast Club. Good morning The. Breakfast Club. Yes, it's The World a little dangerous morning show. The Breakfast. Club Charlemagne. tha God. DJ Envy is around here somewhere.


And it's time for Jess. What the mess? You Real Moore just don't do no lying. She don't nobody. Why? Just worldwide on The. Breakfast Club. She's a cultureship. She Was able to get y'all to see something and understand something that nobody could get you to see. It's time to set it on. Okay, so Cardi had time yesterday, right? She had a bad day on the internet. People was coming at her. So like two nights ago she had shared a clip of some music and this old music that she was listening to, right? And she said that she ain't like it, but she still was playing it on Lie, I hate this song.


Very sweet. Now you hear her clearly say I hate it, but she's sharing some You know some stuff for her fans. Right? So people started like criticizing her like, oh, the it is whack if this is what your new album gonna sound like, don't drop it and all that. So she jumped on X Spaces to respond. I woke Up And I got on Twitter. Then I, it became, I became more annoying, more irritated. I really want some of y'all to stop being dumb, stupid and slow. Okay? And overly opinionated. Just overly opinionated. Yesterday when I put that little clip of me rapping up, oh, that song, there's a reason why I put it on my channel. There's a reason why even when I previewed it, I said old song listening to my old songs because that's exactly what I was doing.


Sometimes I listen to old songs or scrap songs because just because a song is scrap, there might be two or three lines that is that, oh shit, it's fire. And I could use it on a new song. Telling the internet not to be opinionated is like telling fire not to be hot. That's why you have fans. Your fans are gonna have opinions that You know what I mean? But either way, she said she had a bad night and then she had a bad morning. So she was already irritated when she hopped on social media anyway. And then she started seeing all the criticism and then it was another situation that happened. So she was promoting Sheen, right? She said our mom had bought her something from there. And Sheen for those who don't know, I know y'all do know, but it's an inexpensive clothing site, right?


And social media usually started saying like, because I ain't know Fashion Nova fainted when they saw Cardi promoting Sheep. I know, right? But joke, People was like, You know because Sheen is so inexpensive. They like saying, oh, she must be down bed coming in her pocket. Like she ain't got no money. She cheap. Like she Jesus You know and You know. That's one thing Cardi don't, she don't, she don't do that type of talk. So she hopped on X again to address something else. She said it street. If somebody's offering me $700,000 to do a video that I don't gotta put on my Instagram feed, I'm going to do it. And it's not because is going broke. It's not because hungry is not because s need money.


It's that I'm not going to pass on easy money. Like a really having it out here. Let me show you how my, how the past three months been given because was talking about I'm surviving, surviving, trying to survive. No, I'm not trying to survive. I just like making easy money. I'm not trying, I'm not trying to prove something to nobody who don't got nothing. Right? Aint got, ain't got nothing. Don't know how things work. I like it don't make no Sense. And you don't even know these people. These people don't know you. They know they can get a rise outta her. And, and she fall for the bait every time she posted literal res like literal receipts, $200,000 receipt and another for 120,000 For another jeweler And then 65,000 and You. know what I'm saying?


Like Yeah. Like why we doing that? Yo, it's it is, it is it, it bothers me so much when, when artists feel like they have to prove when they ain't gotta prove nothing. And just for the record, Cardi got it. Especially Card sheen aint gotta do that. Cardi got it, got it. Like It's also crazy to me how y'all love to post that meme of Bill Gates and who is it? It's Bill Gates and Warren Buffett. And they be like not a designer belt in sight. Right? But then when you see a black person and they not flossing with no designer, where's the design belt? They broke and they're wearing something affordable. They broke. It is weird. It's, y'all Are insane. Nah, Cardi got it. Y'all are crazy. Like she, she, she, yeah, she trust me. She so Another fan said the same thing that we said they, they're like, why you don't have to prove anything to people. And she even responded to that fan.


I do it 'cause I want to not 'cause I need it. Ain't nobody going broke over here. I got it. Shut the fuck up. Who the, is this party? Versa. Shut the fuck up. It's getting ing. Let me pop my, I'm a female rapper. I'm not a Disney artist. This is what we talk about. We talk about money, talking about bread, talk about diamonds, talk about whips. We talk about houses. This what the rap about to talk your when I'm talking my shit, you shut the up. Well you do. Yeah. You a artist. You do that. You do that in a booth. You do that. You know you address people in, in the music. And. I just want her to do that. She always do it anyway. But like do that in the music. Yeah. I don't want social media to have that control over nobody's life. Yeah. You know what I mean? Like, I do not understand why people in general, not just Cardi care so much about what these folks on social media think, man.


But we don't have a moment sometimes where you, where you feel like you gotta clap back. Like let me show these 'cause what it really is. But They don't never tell you nothing good. It's not like they get online and say, Hey Cardi, you look beautiful today. Or Hey Cardi, I know you feel rich today. Oh they, yeah, that's not how social media works. Yeah. And and Cardi pops every time, every time. I know I sometimes it's, it is cool but like Cardi Pop every time. Yeah. And, and anybody if if anybody from Sheen, if you listening, I'm sure me and Jess do it for half. What? Jess? Yo, you ain't gonna promote for $400,000 for Half Half of the 700,000. She did. Oh yeah. Hell yeah. Yeah, bro. I gonna say what you mean half? Well, I'm talking about half of the seven. Oh yeah. None of y Everything's shame today except my shoes. I mean she, so yeah, Cari also got like 500 million followers on Instagram.


Yeah, Absolutely. That's i people on TikTok like, so, and then she also took time to address people doubting their offset is the father of the newborn baby. Oh Lord have mercy man. What party Doing that's talking about posting receipts about DNA. I don't have to post receipts about DNA because I never took, I never given my kids no DNA test. I don't have to do no DNA test. My baby father don't ask me to do a DNA test. The proof the receipts is in my kids' face. All my kids look like their daddy. All three of them. Especially my newborn. So I don't know what the is you talking about. The receipts will be posted when my daughter is six months. And I post her picture and you see she look just like a baby daddy. My baby daddy don't, don't ask me for no DNA test.


He knows when he in this, I already got that. The daddy noses the daddy lips. The daddy eyes. You are not going, you're not gonna bait me into post my daughter to prove anything to you as you dumb Man. We gotta unplug man. Leave party alone, man. No man. But you gotta unplug. Like if social media's having that kind of effect on you, you gotta disconnect. You gotta unplug. I promise you, as soon as you turn your phone off, you will not care about the Opinion's so depressing and stressful and just causing unnecessary trauma to herself. Like, like Why are we in verbally abusive relationships with our smartphones? Yeah, yeah. Like could you ask, this is the choice. It's a choice to go online and listen to these comments and read these comments. You're making a choice to piss yourself off. Yeah.


The holidays are here and it's that time of year to think about yes, gifts but not only gifts, it's the guest, the party planning, and the true meaning for this season. Spending time with family and friends. We know it's a lot, but we're here to ease your mind and share some tips. So we'll make it through. Together with the season getting underway, now's the time to shop early for amazing holiday deals at Amazon. Amazon has a wide selection for all your holiday needs. I mean, personally, I would just love one of those robo self-cleaning kitty litter boxes. Thinking about things. I know that's real specific, but hint, hint. And here's a tip, write a list and execute early. Find the best holiday gifts on Amazon. Shop great deals now on Amazon. And visit amazon.com/black Effect podcast for my favorite picks.


What does it feel like to get the new iPhone 16 pro with at t? Next up, anytime. It's like when you first pick up those tongs and you're now the one running the grill, it's indescribable like something you've never felt before. All the mouthwatering anticipation of new possibilities, whether it's making a perfect cheeseburger or treating your family to a grilled baked potato, which You know will forever change the way you look at potatoes with at t. Next up, anytime you can feel this way again and again, learn how to get the new iPhone 16 pro with Apple intelligence on at and t and the latest iPhone everywhere with at and t's. Next up, anytime at and t connecting changes everything. Apple Intelligence coming fall 2024 with Siri and device language to set us English. Some features and languages will be coming over the next year. $0 offer may be not available on future iPhones. Next up, anytime Feature may be discontinued at any time, subject to change additional fees, terms and restrictions apply. See att.com/iphone four details.


You could sit there and listen to ads or you could take a moment to have a Diet Coke break. First, grab a chill diet Coke. 'cause if you wanted to be perfect, it needs to be crispy. Next, get a big cup of ice. 'cause everyone knows Diet Coke is best served swimming in ice, then sip it slowly. Feel that burn and enjoy your break for as long as possible. When you need a break, don't forget to grab an ice cold Diet Coke and take a Diet Coke break.


The World is constantly changing. It's up to you to decide how to respond. Choose to be bold to try something new. Choose to reinvent yourself. That's what Nissan did with the all new totally reimagined kicks. The dynamic new exterior styling immediately announces that Nissan isn't messing around the interior. A completely redesigned cabin with premium features like wireless Apple call play and a panoramic moonroof make driving a kicks immersive and exciting. And with new performance and safety features like Intelligent All Wheel Drive, the Kicks is both fun and safer to drive than ever before. It is the dawning of a brand new era for the Nissan Kicks. Only one question remains. Is it a new era for you as well? Drive the all new Reimagined Nissan kicks today. Available Features compatible device service and consumer activation of Nissan Connect services. Package required use only when safe and legal subject to third party service availability For more information, see Nissan usa.com/connect/legal. Apple CarPlay is a trademark of Apple Link Intelligent all-Wheel Drive cannot prevent collisions or provide enhanced traction in all conditions. Always monitor traffic and weather conditions.


Hey fam, if you're like me, you are thinking about how to level up in your career. Maybe you're fresh out of college just starting in your field or even looking to switch things up and find your true calling. Whatever stage you're in, remember that this is your time to grow, to learn, and to build something that lasts. Stay farm understands that early career development is key to long-term success. They've been a steady presence in our communities and they know that having the right support early on can make all the difference. State Farm is there to help you make smart moves and to help you get the coverage you need. We all know that the journey to success is a marathon, not a sprint. It's about staying focused, staying grounded, and making sure you're protected every step of the way. Let's build our careers with confidence knowing that State Farm is there to support us just like they've always been. Because Like a good neighbor is State. Farm is there. Find out more@statefarm.com.


That's right. And imagine being a person watching you do that on the phone. Talking to the phone. That's How I fought. I'm like, what the hell is body doing? I know, man. But yeah, just send us some healing energy is what you say. Send us some healing energy. This is the body love body drop the include mind for body, but disconnection damn phone. That's a real thing that that stuff can drive you to therapy too. But yeah, we gonna, I ain't got time to announce this something else. So yeah, we gonna get to that in the second album, but that's just for the mess right now. Thank you, Jess. Now when we come back, we got front page news and then Jais will be joining us. His new album Baby Making is out now we gonna talk to him. It's The Breakfast. Club. Good morning. Morning everybody. It's DJ Envy. Jess hilarious Charlemagne ne guy.


We are The Breakfast Club. Let's get back in some front page news. Good morning, Morgan. Good morning. Good morning. Let's take things home to Baltimore for Jess. So Baltimore mayor Brandon Scott, who was recently on the show, right? He is being sworn in, or he was sworn in for his second term in office as the Baltimore Mayor. Now he's spoken. Hey, Congratulations To him. He spoke in a ceremony that took place at the Murphy Fine Arts Center on the campus of HBCU Morgan State University. That's out my alma mater, which side note recently celebrated a milestone of its own as the third largest HBCU in the country. Now Maryland Governor West Moore was among those who spoke at the ceremony.


In addition to Baltimore, mayor Brandon Scott, let's hear more from them from that inauguration. And. I, Say You know it's easy to celebrate Mayor Scott and talk about the things that have happened since he's become the mayor. It's easy to talk about the work that has happened in Baltimore since he's become the mayor, to now bring crime to historic lows within the city of Baltimore. Violent crime, non-fatal shootings. And let's be clear, that doesn't happen by accident. That happens because of intentionality. We've invested more in our young people than ever before. Opening rec centers, expanding programs like YouthWorks be more this summer. And our attendance challenge, rather than balancing our budgets on the backs of our kids, like the city has done in the past, we're building up through hope and opportunity at a chance at experience.


Yep. I love to see it. Now, Scott, of course, he vowed to continue working for the people of Baltimore and he is the first Baltimore mayor to win reelection to have two terms since 2004. So that sets, oh Look, mayor Brandon Scott, man, look to that brother. Absolutely love to see it. Hey Marilyn, stand up. Hey. That's right. All right. Now meanwhile, in California, lawmakers met for a special session in Sacramento on Monday at Governor Gavin Newsom's request to quote Trump proof California. Now, Northern California Republican Senator Roger Nelo says the whole thing was silly. Let's hear more from him. We didn't do anything. They're supposedly drafting bills now that we will consider they suspended the special session and they'll probably gabble us back into it when we officially convene the first week of January.


It's all messaging. And frankly, in my opinion, it's all kind of silly. It really is In support of Governor Newsom's, run for president in 2028. The Department of Justice doesn't need a special fund. They are funded by the general fund to fund cases as they see come up. So the whole thing is really just theater. Yeah, I, I do wonder what that means to Trump proof a state. Like how do you trump proof a state in America? Like what happens when you need the president of the United States of America for something? You know, I mean, like, I don't, I don't, I don't quite understand what that means. Yeah, your state's gonna be last when you need something. Maybe I just need to hear it. Maybe I need to hear the details, but I just, yeah, what happens when you need the president for something like I?


Don't, I don't get it. And why would you say Trump proof? Like it is? It seems like you're just going against yourself. At least. At least make it about the, like, if there's policies that you don't like that Trump may enact, make it about that. Don't make it about the person. Well, that's essentially what it is about. So Newsom is asking the California legislature for $25 million to fund possible litigation if the Trump administration enacts rules that impact California policy. So for example, You know how in some states you've got the book bans. Well, if you're, if on the state level they say, Hey, we want these books. But on the federal level they say, You know these books are banned. Then I guess that's where you get the, you, you use those funds to start litigation. But then again, that's the whole thing for me too.


Like, who's litigating this president? Yeah, but I'm, I'm with that You. know what I'm saying? I'm with that. But once again, make it about the policies. Because when you say things like Trump proof, you're gonna end up looking like a hypocrite. When You know you, you, you need the president for something and you all in his face smiling and che the same way. You know President Biden was after they called him a threat to democracy and all of these other things. And then he was like, welcome back You know when it came time for the White House when he came. So it's like, cut it out. Well, speaking of smiling in the president's face, let's go ahead and bring things home to New York. New York City Mayor Eric Adams is confirming he will cooperate with ICE under certain circumstances to deport illegal immigrants. Now he's calling for a sit down with Trump's border czar Tom Holman.


Let's hear more from New York City Mayor Eric Adams on ice. I'm not going to be warring with this administration. I'm going to be working with this administration. Those who are here committing crimes, robberies, shooting at police officers, raping innocent people have been a harm to our our country. I want to sit down and hear the plan on how we going to address them. So the mayor, who is a Democrat also said he wants to know what President elect Trump has in mind when he's talking about these mass deportations. He's also noted, of course, as you heard in the audio, that he's not going to be warring with this administration, but he will be working with them. What do you think that looks like? I think that language is so strange to me. Well, well, two things. Yes.


I guess that goes back to what we're talking about with, with Gavin Newsom. Like You know he is the president of the United States of America. That is the administration. So you do have to work with the president. I would that that is common sense to me, but also the language that he's using when he says he'll cooperate with ice. Isn't that the whole point? Like, isn't that what ICE is for? Like if you're an illegal immigrant and you out here committing crimes, isn't that the whole point of ice? Yes. So what does he mean? He's gonna work with ICE under certain circumstances. You mean that he's going to do his job and allow ice to Do their job? Well, let's not forget that. Well, let's not forget that New York City is a sanctuary city. So there have been You know that that creates some gray lines or some gray areas when it comes to ice and how ice is handled.


But you're not protecting criminals. Like Absolutely. Even, even, even if you're a sanctuary city, you're not protecting criminal. Right? That's true. I mean, but then again, how do you go through those processes to find out? So that's, that's the part I think that the mayor is looking to figure out. What does that look like? You know, some of the I don't know some of the way that ice rolls up on people You know it's not necessarily, but then again, let me just go ahead and not get too much into that. Okay. On a positive note, out of New York City, the city is expanding its program that connects students to career opportunities. Now, New York mayor Eric Adams out announced the Future Ready New York City mentorship career program that is starting at about 36 additional schools, bringing the total to 135 schools.


The school's Chancellor, Melissa Avili Ramos says 15,000 students now have access to quality jobs and careers. Let's hear more from them. Regarding the Future Ready Program. Through Future Ready NYC, we're building, building a pipeline to employment, a pipeline to jobs, a pipe pipeline to possibilities. The rigorous coursework, job Certifications on the job experience, early college credit, and one-on-one advising to create strong post-secondary plans. So there are also two new career sector pathways being introduced in this program called Heating, ventilation, and Air Conditioning and Decarbonization, as well as human and social services.


Now the Mentorship career program now connects about 15,000 students, of course, to coursework, real job credentials and paid work to put students on a pathway to careers. So shout out to New York City for doing that. And. I would love to hear from somebody who actually You know participates in these types of programs. So you guys could hit me up. That's your front page news. I'm Morgan Wood, follow me on social at Morgan Media. And for more news coverage, follow us@blackinformation.work. Download the free iHeart Radio app and visit us@bnnews.com. Thank y'all. Have a good Day. You too. Morgan. Morgan. Alright, now when we come back, Jaqui will be joining us. His new album Baby Making is out right now and we gonna kick it with him when we come back. So don't move us to Breakfast Club.


Good morning, The. Breakfast Club. Morning everybody. It's DJ nv. Just hilarious. Charlamagne the guy. We are The. Breakfast. Club. We got a special guest in the building. Yes indeed. The king. RB Ladies and gentlemen. Jaqui? Yes sir. What's up brother? What's up D How you feeling? Feeling Good man. Slow motion and Congratulations on On The Baby. Thank You bro. Congratulations. Just life in general, man. An engagement. I was Like say doing a lot. Yeah, yeah. It's a lot going in my world, man. But I'm feeling good. I'm blessed. I can't handle It. And the name of the album is Baby Making. Yeah, It's called Baby Making. So it's all about that night. Exactly. All about that night. Yeah. My first, my first number one album for real.


Not on Billboard, but on Apple Music attitude and stuff. So feel good to have that. Get a little accomplishment under my belt. What Did baby making music to you? To me baby making music just like You know music that make you, that make you want to feel like you wanna have a baby You know it's basically like a sex playlist. I feel like this album is basically like what people create when they put all their music together for the sex playlist. You know, I feel like baby making is that You know you don't have to go put a bunch of songs together. You could just really just play this album through and it's just a get you where you need to go. You said you you 30 now you Yeah, 30. Yeah. Turned 30. I'll be 31 next year. Yeah. Congratulations on your engagement. Thank you. And this, this is the, you are entering, well you already entered the fourth decade of your life, right? So, oh wow.


Yeah. Yeah, that's, I ain't know that how it go. No, Third, the third Decade. No it's not. So from one to 10, that's one. 10 to 20. Oh, it Say Tens. 20 to 30. That's three. So that's three. So now, yeah, that you three decades. So next year, Three decades is already done. Okay. You walk me into my next, so You're entering your fourth. Okay. Facts decade of like talk that, talk Justin, so that you already know what's up with me. So when did You know it was time? Like how did you, when did you decide like was because you're 30 now? I think I'm just going with God and emotion You. know what I'm saying? Honestly, that's honestly my, my answer. Like You, know what I'm saying? I don had a bunch of different answers. But now just waking up today and just seeing like You know, just everything. Like You know. I just think like I'm just going what God say You.


know what I'm saying? Like I know with men, like it's always a time. 'cause I had started seeing like different dudes in the game. Like, I'm like, okay bro. Married bro, married bro, married bro, married different things. And. I. Just think for me, like I'm, I've, I've already had like a couple like experiences with women and different things like that. So I, I think for me it's like, okay, I'm not missing nothing on that side. That's right. That's right. You know. She make me feel good You. Know what I'm saying? So I be like, how I live my life is, I don't want to have no regrets in my life. You. know what I'm saying? I want to like do everything that I know I'm supposed to be doing. Like I know marriage is a part of life. You know. So I don't want to keep guessing. Like, okay, she gonna be the one, she gonna be the one. I'm just taking a chance. Like I said, I'm just going with God. I think she's it. She make me feel whole. Yeah. You know what I'm saying? She make me want to be better than I was before.


But damn. How did y'all meet? We met through Patman Jones. Mm. You feel me? Patman Jones. You know my, that's like my big brother. He had, he called me one day, FaceTimed me in like 2021 and he, he was in Jamaica with Deandre and her family. They You know they, they they, they been tight. Deion Sanders, like his God pops or whatever. He called me and he was like, bro, I'm out here with Deandre Sanders. I'm like, bro, who is that? He like, man, Deion. I'm like, man, I don't care about all that, bro. Like, what's up? He like, man, sing for. I'm like, bro, I don't be singing. I'm like, You know you be a little drunk. I'm like, bro. I'm like, bro, what? Sing from my God system. I'm Like, bro, I ain't finna be singing like, bro, it's a birthday bro. Like I'm telling you this what you need to be doing. Sing. I'm like, pat serious too.


I'm like, bro, I'm not singing. But he turned the camera. When I seen her, I started singing. He start singing Me. Yeah. I Instantly started singing. I'm like, what song was it That got it? I don't know if I started singing Happy Birthday. Yeah. You Sing a couple songs. I don't know if I sung you. I think I sung Happy birthday though, because I think it was her birthday. And I. Think I just, well I know it was her birthday. It was her 31st And I. Remember I just started singing and after that told Pat like, dang, she You know, she pretty like, she dope. Like, you feel me? Like who that I tried to know they like Deon Santa daughter. Why You know Dion? I'm like, oh, for real. I jumped in her dms and then after that I met her. She met me in Miami. We met each other in Miami. And then we just hit it off from then. But then we was just friends. Like You know. I was in like a, I was like, I was in a relationship but I was, I would be off with my girl for like two months.


You, know what I'm saying? All month, me and my girl, we going at it You. know what I'm saying? And during those times, I would meet people like this when my relationship was just like, You know. I was just not the best man I am now You. know what I'm saying? So I would just, I would meet people in those breaks, You. know what I mean? And she was one of the people I met, but we was friends. But I feel like it's so strong because we was friends first. I Saw you sit down with our family, Nala Simone. And you were talking about your fiance and you said she helped play a role in you getting sober. Yeah. Hell yeah, for sure. Like I, I ain't drunk no liquor since like March 13th, You. know what I'm saying? I was a real drinker. Like, you feel me? Like You know a person that just was drink to just, it had became a part of my life. You. know what I'm saying? And when it become a part of your lifestyle, it's like you don't even notice when you slumping.


People have to tell you You know what I'm saying? But then I start like just getting terrible You, know what I'm saying? Just getting terrible. Like, like, like not being jaqui that people knew me to be. 'cause people would meet me and be like, damn, damn, I mess with Jaque like You. know what I'm saying? But then You know I would have like some type of little stain on my name for something that had something to do with alcohol. Yeah. You. know what I mean? And then it would just like give people a reason to judge me. Yeah. You know what I'm saying? It's like I'm one of them people where it's like, I ain't got no nothing. But it's like, oh, I, I gave them a reason with alcohol. Yeah. So I had to like clean myself up and she really helped me. We got back, I got back in church and just started amazing doing everything that I needed to do You, know what I'm saying? And now I feel like, like going in the direction that I need to be You. know what I'm saying? I like, I just had to my first number one album, like I said, it wasn't Billboard, but it was still like let me know like, okay, this is what you can be doing You.


know what I'm saying? Like I'm getting a taste of it You. Know what I'm saying? I know God always give you a little bit before you get a lot. So I'm like, okay, you feel me? Boone like even on certain things in my career, like You, know what I'm saying? I know like, okay, I probably have the wrong people around me. Yeah. You feel what I'm saying? Like even with certain things, like I make a lot of money, but I ain't made the most money I could make You. know what I'm saying? Probably like God, probably like, okay, you probably got some people around you that don't need, 'cause I'm a giver. You know, it's a lot of things that have been like cleaned up in my life, but I'm like slow rolling and I'm, and I'm knowing like, okay, I know what's coming on the other side, you feel me? So it keep me motivated. Like it was a time where I couldn't even see my future. You feel me? Like I would be in places, but I can't even tell you like what I'm gonna do in like, people ask like, Hey, what? You see yourself in five years? Yeah. I couldn't even tell you what I'm gonna be next doing next week.


'cause of the alcohol. I just was blind. I just was had got cloudy. You feel me? I had just got like on some rebellious You. know what I'm saying? Like I, I won where I wanna be in my career personally. It wasn't going right. You know what I'm saying? You know when you get in the bag you like, like we'll do some shows. We get some money. I had lost my whole thing. Like I was looking back at pictures. I'm like, damn. I had my shirt off on my stomach was hanging over my pants. Damn. When was that Jaque out? This was last year when I went on tour. 10th. Oh. Like I was like damn. But then I ended up losing 30 pounds. You feel me? I got in the gym. I'm like, I changed the way I start, I ate, you feel me? I changed everything, you feel me? Because I'm like, I owe it to myself. You feel me? I was like, bro, if I don't make it to where I need to make it to, I can't even blame. Hmm. Like I can't be like, oh Birdman, I can't, I can't say that.


You feel what I'm saying? I would have to say like, man, could you that up You know that's God though. You know. Yeah. Because God, God will show you so many people can't see themselves. Yeah. So for God to give you that self-awareness and let give you a choice. Like look, I'm showing you what you are and you got a choice to do the right thing for you to do the right thing. Yeah. March 13th bro. I stopped drinking. Especially Your friends around you. 'cause You know some of your friends around you got arrested at are not here no more. So you got, you gotta see it firsthand. Yeah. That's a lot then bro. I was totaling cars. I totaled three cars. I ain't getting no scratches. You feel me? And when I would go back into spots and look at where I totaled the cars, there was always some that was supposed to be fatal. I was always like, damn. Like I would total the car, jump out the car, run straight to the house. Full speed. No stopping. That Is crack. That is crack, bro.


Exactly, bro. Bro, I remember one time I totaled, I listen, I totaled my sister car bro. I came in the house and tried to act like nothing happened. Oh my God. Thinking like how the m gonna tell her to car tow You? know what I'm saying? But I'm knowing my big sister, I, I could tell her over my mama, but I'm like how the, This is when you was Jaqui Jacque? Yeah. This like three years ago. Oh You could've bought another car then she wouldn't be that bad. Yeah, but it was still, but at the end of the day, you gotta think like I'm hood rich. We went so heavy balling like to the point where we still balling. But I look back on a lot of, I be like, bro, I done never did that. All right. We got more with Jacque qui when we come back. It's album baby making is out now. It's The, Breakfast, Club. Good morning. Morning everybody. It's DJ Envy. Just hilarious.


Charlamagne the guy. We are The. Breakfast. Club. We're still kicking it with Ja. You feel like with all the shenanigans that Justice talked about is the reason why you don't get the respect I think that you should in RB music wise. 'cause You know we were on tour and you got a, you got a lot of records. But I don't think people understand how they affect and hit people until they see that in front of 20,000 people. 'cause I didn't even know. I You know. Of course You know the big songs, but then when you sitting there and you doing album cuts and people are into it and it's like, damn this, this kid is bigger than, than what The World knows, but they Don't see it. Nah, but they did me like that on purpose. Like I coulda after I said I was a king, RB, it's like, yeah, that's, it's, it's like it was a purpose thing. Like it's like, okay, this this, think he all that.


Let's, let's shut him down. Like I'm pretty sure they had group meetings like, okay, who this, this like, okay, let's shut that down everybody. Who are the people you talking about now? Is it, I mean all the spots like this You know what I'm saying? Like spots like not saying this spot actually, but You know the different spots like where, where news and media goes out You. know what I'm saying? Everybody tried to put me down. Are you Gonna file a lawsuit like Drake shut up? Nah. Nah. Because you gotta think like, I ain't that type of dude. You feel what I'm saying? I'm not the type of dude, I'm not that type of guy. You feel what I'm saying? Like, like I've made mistakes. You know what I think the biggest mistake I ever made in my career was going on the internet, talking about tres songs. Honestly, you feel me? I think that was the biggest mistake I ever made in my life as a man. Everything. But besides That, y'all fought out in Dubai, Had fight.


We talked yesterday was Y immediately We got hit sometimes. You feel me? What was that About though? Because y'all friends. Yeah we friends. But it was just one of 'em nights that got tripping in my opinion. Was You drinking enough? Yeah, but I wasn't drunk. Okay. You feel me? Like I wasn't drunk, you feel me? It was just you don't Wanna drink and say they're not drunk. They usually drunk. But I wasn't drunk. For real? Yeah, because I'm a tell you like, but I was lit. Yeah. You feel me? I wasn't drunk. I remember the whole night. You just regret taking it to the internet. Yeah. I just regret taking it to the internet You. know what I'm saying? That's, that's really my biggest regret. Who swung first? Me. I had to. Did you connect me? Hell yeah. I connected me smoke small. I had to. Yeah, because we know T trader fight. Yeah. He let us fight. He let us crack. Yeah. I mean, I mean the old second generation, second decade, trade second.


But I never, y'all know, I never knew that about bro. Oh Yeah, yeah, yeah. Trey get Business. That's why I was so shocked. Trey And Chris Brown get business brown. It must be that Virginia. Yeah. I mean, yeah Chris, I done deal with Chris a couple times, but I knew Himself. But You gotta think he's my brother. So I never thought like no matter what they doing, I'm like, this is never happening to me. That's like you got brothers that steal you like man, my brother be robbing everybody. You feel what I'm saying? But then turn the gun on you. So that's what it was. You feel me? Well they say, they say if you wanna see how somebody's eventually gonna treat you, watch how they treat other people. They say that. But he damn sure caught me yesterday because he on 12 bow Adam and pledge people. Who won the fight though? Who You think? I honestly would say. I know I connected. The fight was so fast bro. Get pulled Bro. It was like boom, boom.


And I. Remember Trey hitting me? Boom. Then I remember I tried to go down And I tried to grab him. That's when he pulled my hair. That was the whole fight. But you already, so how, how tall is Trey? Trey tall Tre to you though? Yeah, he like five 10. I'm six. Trey used to jump. I tried grab like by his. Yeah I tried to, I tried to Grab his waist. I Was gonna try to do One of them, you feel me? But when I grabbed his waist, he grabbed the top of my head. Oh You. know what I'm saying? And didn't hit you with the Yeah. And that when the, how did y'all speak after that though? Fighting for no goddamn reason. The crazy part about this probably was for no damn reason. It was so dumb bro. It was so Dumb. And. I was trying to help him. That's what I feel.


I was trying to basically like help big bro like You know when you feel like, okay, we partied too hard. Let's all try to get together. I remember I was going outside trying To, so you punched me to forget your No, I Took my watch off. I remember I took my watch off like do this t think I'm a hoe. Yeah. I Remember I took this watch, I remember I gave it to my partner, Like man who my watch Boom. And then you gotta thing. I don't even hit with my left hand. I took my left watch off to hit him with my right hand. Damn You, you, how did y'all speak after? Who made the phone call after, after you got online. You show your drag. You Trey called me. You feel me? He called me and we was arguing for like weeks threats, You, know what I'm saying? To each other? Yeah. It was more so me You know what I'm, So why go on the internet then if y'all, because Once it went on the internet hit me like, boy You know you.


But that's how like you went on the internet. That's how, that's how, oh, That's how I started. Okay, Okay. Yeah. Like bro, what the, because nobody would've Knew. Nobody would've Knew. It would've been a fight in Dubai. Yeah. And I was tripping because we was in Dubai. Yeah. Both of y'all be in jail. Boy, to this day. That's what he was Trying to get me to understand. I was so hot. I wouldn't listen at all. That's why he picked you up by your head. Like, this is not what we doing. I I But yesterday he called me like, LeBron, I love you man. I'm proud of you. 'cause I had my documentary premier like, bro, I love you You know You know Woo woo. He said something about my dreads. He was like, why you dread look thin. He was You know. Yeah. But it was all little like, I love bro.


I done knew them boys for so long. I just can't. I'm the type, I can't look at you and be like, I, don, Trey. I can't even tell another something bad about 'em. I'm not gonna feel like a real one. I feel like I can say anything about 'em. Yeah. But I'm not gonna go to the next person and, and let them talk about 'em. You know I ain't never been like that with my people. You know what what I'm saying. It's like I can say whatever about it. But if you start saying somebody then it is gonna be up with you. So what about I, I heard you mention it quite a few times, your documentary. What, what is Call Me Queer about Call Me Queer is just a story about my whole life. You just see my whole story. I feel like, like how NBC, when we go on the road and people be singing my records and people don't really gimme the respect in real life. This documentary should sum all of it up. This documentary should tell people why I feel like I'm the king of RB of my generation.


I'm literally just showing you everything. Like we showed it last night in Atlanta and people really got tears in their eyes like watching that. And it's just like, it make me feel good because like I, I work so hard to get to where I am You know what I'm saying? Like I work so hard. Like that's why I hate the fact that people play with me. But my mama always told me, she was like, man, when you get a real like situation when different things like You know when people really respect your relationships and people start to like respect you as a man. I feel like all the jokes have changed with you on your music You. know what I'm saying? But like I said, when I said I was a king of RB, I know that just shook the room up with people. And it is like You know they never put me on none of the king of RB tours. They went on You. know what I'm saying? They never put me on none of the shows. They did You know nobody ever really gave me the proper credit that I deserve because I really sparked up the game You.


know what I'm saying? I got people a whole lot of money You. know what I'm saying? I brought back the debt. Some, some people was never talked about again or r and b You. know what I'm saying? It was all that was a whole thing. You know what I'm saying? And, I just know people don't, people don't like confidence for real You know what I'm saying? It's like people don't like confidence. Like when you confident about yourself. Yeah. Like people don't even like LeBron. That's crazy. You dig what I'm saying? Like it's like, and at one point everybody loves you, hate you and the same thing. And that was the same way with me. I remember I was the most loved little child, kid star when I came out. But I would come places like The, Breakfast Club. Not saying Charlamagne, but I would walk past Charlamagne or something. He'd be like, I try to dab his hand and be like, like look at him and be like, who that And I would hear that You.


know what I'm saying? But then I would get on the internet and season shit be like, but that said something about me. Right? Yeah. You know. You know. Like why my face? Yeah. You. know what I'm saying? Like, like I remember I never forget like Tory, that's my brother. Free to, I remember we was at Revolt. That's when Revolt first popped off. We was at, we was outside And I. Remember I seeing Tory? I had knew who he was from the internet. You dig what I'm saying? Where I went to his tent, I was like, what's up bro? You. know what I'm saying? I rock with you You. know what I'm saying? I remember he tried to act like he didn't know who I was. That's what sparked the king. That's what really sparked me for real. And I. Remember I was like this acting like he don't know who I am. So I remember I got on the internet like man I'm, I'm tough. I'm harder than all these except for Chris Brown. You feel me? Then I remember Tory adding me like something And I was like how You know who I was. Yeah.


Then that's when we end up getting cool going on tour. 'cause he knew like, okay, this right here. He see the bull You with him like, hey man, your head getting a little thin up top to Yeah. Nah, I was always in, I was on FaceTime with Tori when he got the hair transplant. He was at the Doctor's office. Yeah. When he was getting the S bleeding. And I was on the phone. Damn. Damn. All right. We got more with Jaque when we come back. Let's get into his joint. It's called Touchdown. It's The. Breakfast. Club. Good morning. Good morning everybody. It's DJ Envy. Just hilarious. Charlamagne the guy. We are The. Breakfast Club. We're still kicking it with Jais. Charlemagne You. know one thing I love that your your girl did she told you that you can't name? Was it you can't name the son, your son can't have your last name if y'all Nah. But y'all know that was, that wasn't the truth.


I'm glad we talking about that. Oh it Wasn't the truth. No, she didn't want him to be a junior. The last name was never a problem You. know what I'm saying? So he was, he was gonna be a broad next regardless. Got you got you got You. know what I'm saying? Like the name was always gonna be double regardless. Like even when we finalized, like when we go through with our marriage and everything, all my kids would be Sanders Broad next You. know what I'm saying? Like I'm not gonna make Snow. The only Sanders bro. Next, like his little sister be Sanders bro. Next his little brother be Sanders bro. Next everybody. So yeah, it was, it was more so a thing where I wanted his name to be Rodriguez Jacque bro. Next Jr. At First You. know what I'm saying? She fought you on that one because now this what it happens. 'cause so when we wasn't married or whatever, whatever the case was, she had always told me like, I wanna keep my last name and just add on.


Like, but me, I was cool with that because I'm like, well you are Deandre Sanders, that's your brand. I don't really, and her father's legacy. Yeah. It's Like, that's what I want. I got four daughters so I ain't got no sons. So I I want the same thing. Yeah. It's like I'm cool with that You. know what I'm saying? Your brand. But it's like, but then when we pull up someone, she's like, well I'm Miss Bro Next You. know what I'm saying? That's my last name. That always made me feel good too. 'cause my son is Snow Sanders, bro. Names You. know what I'm saying? So it's like we made it work out. I know everybody was like, man, he only married her because of the last name. But it's like, nah bro. She was, the kid would've had my last name regardless. Anyway, I wanted to marry Shouty. It wasn't about like for the baby. That's like foolish You. know what I'm saying? Like I'm not that type dog. Like I'm not marrying you just so this kid have my name.


Mm. You feel what I'm saying? Like I'm gonna sign a birth certificate, don't have my name You. know What I'm saying? So that, that whole story was fixed. You Know it was Ka bro. I was just waiting to get on the right interview to say something. Wow. You know what I, that's why I'm glad I say allegedly about Yeah a lot. I want y'all to ask me some more bro. A lot of shit be kept about me. I can't wait to straight. Everything kept about Jais so I be paying attention to the music. I don't Be, I don't man aint be trying. Your boy man ain't gotta pay attention. L Ma still got you blocked. I don't, I don't know. I don't be checking her like she, she like L ma now You know what I'm saying? It's like her thing to me anymore. Yeah. It's like I'm happy for you. You're great. You date Jason Tatum. He's a great basketball player.


The holidays are here. It's that time of year to think about yes gifts but not only gifts, it's the guests, the party planning and the true meaning of the season. Spending time with family and friends. We know it's a lot, but we are here to ease your mind and share some tips. So we'll make it through. Together with this season getting underway, now is the time to shop early for amazing holiday deals at Amazon. Amazon has some amazing gifts like an eye massager and perfume sets and hairstyling tools for the person in your life that just needs a little bit of self-care. This is a time to be joyful and around friends and family and people you care about and love. So don't stress. Go to Amazon, they have everything. Find the best holiday gifts on Amazon. Shop great deals now on Amazon and visit amazon.com/black Effect podcast for my favorite picks.


You could sit there and listen to ads or you could take a moment to have a Diet Coke break. First, grab a chilled diet Coke. 'cause if you want it to be perfect, it needs to be crispy. Next, get a big cup of ice. 'cause everyone knows Diet Coke is best served swimming in ice. Then sip it slowly. Feel that burn and enjoy your break for as long as possible. When you need a break, don't forget to grab an ice cold Diet Coke and take a Diet Coke break.


The World is constantly changing. It's up to you to decide how to respond. Choose to be bold to try something new. Choose to reinvent yourself. That's what Nissan did with the all new totally reimagined kicks. The dynamic new exterior styling immediately announces that Nissan isn't messing around the interior. A completely redesigned cabin with premium features like wireless Apple call play and a panoramic moonroof make driving a kicks immersive and exciting. And with new performance and safety features like intelligent all wheel drive, the kicks is both fun and safer to drive than ever before. It is the dawning of a brand new era for the Nissan Kicks. Only one question remains. Is it a new era for you as well? Drive the all new Reimagined Nissan kicks today. Available Features compatible device service and consumer activation of Nissan Connect services. Package required use only when safe and legal subject to third party service availability. For more information, see Nissan usa.com/connect/legal Apple CarPlay is a trademark of Apple Link Intelligent all-Wheel Drive cannot prevent collisions or provide enhanced traction in all conditions. Always monitor traffic and weather conditions.


Hey fam, this is Carlos Miller from the 85 South Show. If you're like me, you are always thinking about how to level up your career. Maybe you're fresh outta college, just starting in your field or even looking to switch things up and find your true calling. Whatever stage you're in, remember that this is your time to grow, to learn and to build something that lasts. State Farm understands that early career development is key to long-term success. They've been a steady presence in our community and they know having the right support early can make all the difference. State Farm is there to help you make smart moves and to help you get the coverage you need. We all know that the journey to success is a marathon, not a sprint. It's all about staying focused, staying grounded and making sure you're protected every step of the way. Let's build our careers with confidence knowing that State Farm is there to support us just like they've always been because Like a good neighbor. State Farm is there. Find out more@statefarm.com.


The holidays are about spending time with your loved ones and creating magical memories that will last a lifetime. So whether it's family and friends you haven't seen in a while or those who you see all the time. Share holiday magic this season with an nice cold Coca-Cola. Copyright 2024. The Coca-Cola company.


That's it. Yeah, just tap. It's like you just cool like what's up la I wish you the best but I'm not checking for you. Yeah, You spoke to Thug since you been on. I talked to Doy though. And I talked his mama. But like I say, thug is my brother. Like his nieces and stuff was with us the whole time he was locked up You. know what I'm saying? Like my nieces, his nieces go to the same school. We all the graduation they'd be at my house. If I call his sister on FaceTime, my little cousin might be in the front seat. Did you talk to him while you was locked up? Did you send him any? Nope. I talked to his mama. Nope. And You know what one of my people was on the inside like You know as far as like You know keeping me posted with 'em and stuff like that. But I, one thing that I had started regretting 'cause I was gonna go to the court, You know how different people were showing up to the To the courtroom? Yeah, the courtroom. But I was like, nah, I'm not going to the courtroom You.


know what I'm saying? Because I just didn't think it'll be smart You. know what I'm saying? For me to just go to the courtroom. So when I didn't write him a letter, I was just like dang, I know, I know Thug in there like reading these letters like why the hell I ain't just write him a letter because I know he the type of person where everybody that wrote him a ladder, he going that that probably meant something to him. Then I also thought about, well okay, even though I didn't write the letter, I know he's still hearing that his nieces, them still like feeling good. Like they see Jaqui like You. know what I'm saying? Like he treat 'em good, like they get to do this and that You know what I'm saying? I know he hear that. I know that make him feel good like okay he doing that. Cool. And then I know like me, his sister, them his mama, them so tight. I talked to his mama like soon as he got out. How did The passing the rich homie Quan impact you? Oh, terrible.


It hit me hard. You gotta think Thug and Quan were my big brothers in the industry. That's how I came in the game You. know what I'm saying? I came in with Quan and Thug literally hold my hand, both of 'em. When Quan passed, I instantly thought about Thug though. I ain't gonna cap You. know what I'm saying? I thought about Thug And. I was just like, damn. Like I, I thought I started thinking about all the conversations me and Birdman used to have when Quan died. Bro, I remember I went to the funeral. I remember I got on my knee and prayed in front of him. You dig what I'm saying? Because I was just like, damn, like Quan like You know when you see somebody up there that You know you like I just had talked to Quan. He like, bro, I'm proud of you little bro like woo woo. But see Quan was one of'em guys that put the battery in my back early. Like that's how I got the rich game You. know what I'm saying? Quan his daddy. You feel what I'm saying? And. I was just like, when he passed, it also made me think like, man, like I even want to take more control of my life You.


know what I'm saying? Like I want to take more control of my life because the way that Quan went out, it should teach everybody a lesson. You know it's lessons that we still being taught by the greatest people in The World. And that's amazing. And and remember when you said you want us to ask you some more, so I wanted to ask you this more specifically 'cause we went past it a little quick. That that had to be sacred for you. Having a baby is sacred for you. Having a baby is sacred for a woman too. Especially when it's y'all first. And that's news that y'all wanna put out. But when Dreezy put it out there first, what was your initial reaction? And then what was Deandres too because she had told us I was, that's how we found out y'all was pregnant. I was From Dreezy. I was, I was, I was hot. And I'm gonna tell you like the reason I did it, And I, And I know that I, I'm probably wrong or was wrong or the way I was thinking because of course as me we grew up, we learn.


I thought that I owed her something to tell her because I had been with her for so long. Mm. You know what I'm saying? So I was like, okay. As a friend, You know as a respectful dude You. know what I'm saying? I was with Dres for a long time. Let me tell her that I'm having a baby before she just found out through The. World. Okay, So you act, you told Dre Dreezy, I know Deandre that you was going tell Dreezy? Nah, nah, I told, just told I told D dr. Like yeah. I was like look, I'm having a baby. Mm. You. know what I'm saying? I was like Deandre having a baby You know I wanted G to respect, to let You know. Like I feel like we had that type of relationship where I could let you like You know I don't want you to be blinded where you embarrassed or You. know what I'm saying? These type of things You know what I'm saying? But she went out and put it out.


Yeah. You know What I'm saying? She said you were begging to get her pregnant too. I was, I was so lost, bro. Like I'ma tell you the truth bro. I was one of 'em. Like I said, I wanted my cake and eat it too. And I was drinking. So You know when you're drinking you're not making the proper dec Decision. And she said you sent draws to her house. What Your face on? Nah bro. I didn't send no draws. I don your face on? Yeah, that's what I didn't send no draws. I put it in just the last, it was probably something sent to me but I didn't get, I didn't put my face on nothing. Oh, okay. You know what I'm saying? He ain't sending no underwear? Nah, I don't got the time to do all that bro. No. All right. Well did you allegedly Send under? No, I didn't send, no, I didn't send no underwear dog. I ain't send no underwear. You feel me? If something was sent to me, I don't know. Did they ever talk, did Dre De after?


Did they talked? They talked. They talked. Yeah, they talked. I don't know if it was the best conversation, but I think they talked to the point where they don't have to talk again. Yeah, yeah. Sore Sorey wasn't lying When she said you was trying to get her, you was hitting her up saying you wanna get her pregnant. She Had text. Yes. Yeah. Yeah, she had a text message. I think the text is the proof. And he had said he always And I. Think like I said, like with me, I'm, I was 28, 29 You. know what I'm saying? I'm 30 now You. know what I'm saying? I was sometimes a man feel like a child can solve all his problems too. Mm. Sometimes a man will feel like, man, if we had his baby, like that's gonna solve all our problems. Like that's the answer we need. Yeah. You know what I'm saying? It's women that think like that too. And that's what I was thinking. You know what I'm saying? Like that's what I was thinking.


You know when I was in that mode, I was thinking like, man, maybe if me Andrei have a baby, like You know, this was before all Dion stuff. How I was thinking, I was like man, if we have a baby You know all our problems will be fixed You. know what I'm saying? Like You know what I'm saying? And she would always tell me like, I don't want a kid. I don't want a kid You. know what I'm saying? So when I had my baby with, when Deandre got pregnant, I'm like man, this gotta be God. You feel what I'm saying? Like I've been with Dre for years, she never got pregnant You. know what I'm saying? I was with her from, I was 23 till now You. know what I'm saying? Like she never got pregnant. You still Love her? I got love for her. I'm not in love with her. I always have love for her. I think anybody that's been with a person that say they got no love for 'em at all, it's just like a terrible person. You know what I'm saying? It's like, damn, I wouldn't let her get hit by a car.


And I, push her out in the Street. You can You know what I'm saying? The street You know what I, I'm let Let a car like what? Yeah, what I'm saying though, But nah, like I, I'm so in love with where I am now. I feel so confident to talk about my past. Yeah. I can tell You know what I'm saying? Like I can, I can sit up here and talk about my past because I'm not even saying nothing that's, that's harmful to Dreezy. Yeah. You know what I'm saying? Like I got respect for her. Like I think she one of the dopest rappers out. Yeah. You know what I'm saying? But she definitely cold. Yeah, she super, Gigi wrote one of my records on my album. Oh, on the On Baby making the last one, the last album I dropped. So the One that from 2022? Yeah. That since, was it Cecily For you?


Yeah, she wrote Start Over. Okay. Okay. She wrote the whole record. Wow. That's right. Baby Making is out right now. Oh get it. Number one Album for joining us. It's The. Breakfast Club. It's Jacques. Morning. Morning everybody. It's DJ Envy. Just hilarious. Charlemagne the guy. She said Hurry your ass up man. Yeah. You don't gotta be cursing for no reason. She was cusing you out. Yeah, right. I didn't know I'm not in the room room. I'm two feet away from you and you come about sit Down like, alright, alright, alright. Let's get to Jess with the mess. Real Moore. Jess don't do no lying. She don't spare nobody worldwide. Jess Worldwide mess on The, Breakfast Club.


She's a ship. She Was able to get y'all to see something and understand something that nobody could get you to See. It's time to set it on. All right, so K dot and Scissor, they got a tour and he announced the tour, the Grand National tour with Csor yesterday. And the tour starts April 19th in Minneapolis and then they hit LA May 21st and May 23rd. LA gonna be crazy that day. It's ready be real crazy. They gonna be at the Sophie Stadium. But the stop that people really tripping about is the Canada one. Toronto. Yes, absolutely. Because June 12th, him and Scissor gonna be in Canada right now. This is the thing. Speculation speculations, that's like the kickoff, the Father's Day weekend.


Right. And so people are assuming like he's doing this on purpose going to Canada and You know he gonna perform not like us Meet the Grams, all that and this man's country. Right. And it's gonna be crazy. And we, and we already seen when Rick Ross went dead and he played not like us and he was bopping out to what happened to him. Oh It's gonna be a lot different with Kendrick. Oh no, No, no. I know it's gonna be a lot different, but I'm just, I just wanted to remind people of that because that's what happens when you go, when you play that song. But he's stopping there on the tour on Father's Day weekend. Yeah. I, I wouldn't, I don don't think I would make that stop You know what I'm saying? Not because of no street stuff either. It's just like You know when you look at how Petty, petty Arbery Graham is who just filed a petition against UG.


Yeah. Because they're not like us. We know how connected Drake is in Toronto as far as what government officials and who else. Like they might just make life difficult for Kendrick on that level. Forget the street stuff. I'm talking about being detained or You know you can't even trust people at the airport. Who can you really trust in Toronto? Well He's gonna be flying in private, he's not gonna be flying commercial. We has to go to still Regular Move stuff like that. You Still gotta move around, you still gotta stay in hotels. And This is, this is venue, I'm sure this is Live Nation. They will have TDE will have Kendrick and everybody secure and he has a lot of fans out there up Doing the Toronto government. Do you realize Drake and he boost the economy of Toronto? Correct. Do you realize Drake gave the city of Toronto an identity? Do You know how connected Drake is?


I don't think they as far with the government is Toronto. I don't think what they would play those games. That's right. Because remember Drake has to perform in LA and all these other places in the states too with streets. So I, I don't think, I doubt it will go That way with it. Totally. The reason I say it's totally different is because Drake is connected to the government of Toronto. I just personally wouldn't. Kendrick Is connected to the streets of California. You talking about government versus the streets? Yes. Oh you Stupid. No I'm not. Yes, yes. Talking about the government versus Discre, what does the Government do? Kendrick is a clean cut individual. He ain't got no problems. You Can always make up stuff. That's my my whole point. I wouldn't trust it personally. I have no reason to trust them. Them, them people in Toronto. I don't think Drake would play that, that that game. The same Drake that just filed a petition with UMG over not like Us.


That's different. I don't think he'll play that. How that different, I don't think he gonna play them games with Kendrick. Hey you, you wouldn't have thought he would've filed a petition for a ba in in a rap battle either. Well he's Suing you MG That's different than suing Ken I. Kendrick. I don't think he not suing I Documentation. You didn't see that coming. Kendrick then told this man, he's not a real dad and he was talking directly to Adonis in the song and you gonna go There. I don't think he would don't think, I don't think he would play that game. I wouldn't, I wouldn't, I wouldn't trust him. I Wouldn't want that problem when I came to la 'cause Ken, because Drake has to go back on tour in LA in Diego, in San F Francisco. Speaking of la it's SoFi Stadium. My bad. I said Sophie, but yeah it's SoFi Stadium. I know What you meant. Yeah. Yeah. I but the people there probably didn't. Oh I would be more scared of the streets than, than government Because you stupid.


Okay. Would you rather have beef with the IRSA game? I could at least pay the IRS off if I got a, I got problem in the streets where I can't walk around. Hell no. They will pop your head off when it comes to street Beef man. IRS IRS. You could pay off, you can put on a payment plan. You can make sure they gangster. Yo, They're the biggest gangster in The World and ain't even close. The Streets will pop your head off. They ain't nothing close. Can't even take my kids to the to man please. To nursery school government Officials, the biggest gangsters in The World in any country. See niggas in the street, please die. You ain't never hear about no Government dying. They probably kill him off some stress but can't beat them in the street. Be dying. Yes, man. Well, speaking of dying, Eminem mom passed, her name is Debbie now since she passed away after battle with advanced lung cancer.


So she was diagnosed in September and they, they told her that she didn't, she didn't have much time to live. She died Monday night in Missouri. Now we do know if you, if you don't know Eminem's relationship with his mom over the years, we know it was very complicated in 99, his mother sued him for defamation after she claimed, after he claimed that she smokes more drugs than he does in the hit song. My name is, yeah. And then it's some other things that, that You know happened with. He's mentioned her a bunch of times, but in 20 2007 she wrote a tell all memoir about him. It's my son Marshall, my son Eminem. And then in 2013 he released a song called Headlights where he mentions his regret for being so harsh towards his mom. I'm very, very happy that they actually was able to reconcile a little bit over the most recent years or whatever.


'cause Eminem is one of my favorite rappers. So I've actually You know and he went hard on her in cleaning out my closet. And I ain't wanna play play that 'cause she You know she, she's gone now, but she was 69 years old and she actually celebrated when he got inducted to the Rock and Roll Hall of Fame back in 2022. So sending healing energy to absolutely one of my favorite rappers. M Definitely rest in peace to his Mother. Definitely man. Definitely. And that is Jess with the Mess. Alright, Thank you Jess Charlamagne. Who you giving that donkey too? Four after the hour, we need a man named Richard Lombardi to come to the front of the congregation. We would like to have a world with him. Okay. Okay. This may or may not be a lovers quarrel, but we'll discuss. Alright, now you playing Just long, just, just made a request, please. This is Jay birthday. I wanna hit this my, whoa.


This is one of my favorite J songs. It's ho's birthday. We'll get to it in a second. It's The Breakfast. Club. Good morning. Your execution on the donkey of the day is something to do. Hold read. They gave me Donkey of the Day. And I deserve it. People need to know they need. Well you need to tell them I am. You have the voice. Tell them. Tell tell. It's time for Donkey of the Day. It's a read, but you're so good at it. You trying to be a fake ass charlamagne there only one charlamagne above damn Charlamagne. Who you giving Dusty Day to now? Well, sexy Red Donkey of the day for Wednesday, December 4th. It is amazing the power of music. When I hear December 4th, I automatically look at that as a national holiday because it is the great Sean Carter, Jay-Z born day drop on a cruise bomb for hold.


I wonder, do I even, would I even know that if he didn't make the song December 4th from the Black album? I don't know. Just thinking out loud. Anyway, donkey today is going to a 65-year-old man named Richard Lombardi. Also fun fact, Dick is a common nickname for the name Richard. Why? I don't know. But Richard, our Dick Lombardi is absolutely living up to his name. See, there are people among us who judge you for doing simple things like coughing, sneezing. Okay, now I, don't know if this judgment started during COVID. Remember when Covid had folks scared to cough around other people? We was treating coughs like farts. I personally don't fart around people because I don't fart in my clothes. Yeah. Right. And when a man farts around another man that's flirting because why you bringing attention to your ass and my presence?


Why do you want me to know what your ass may or may not smell like? My point is, there are people amongst us who are so judgmental when you sneeze, when you blow your nose. I mean they look at you crazy. They run and grab hand sanitizer. They start screaming for you not to touch nothing. It's a whole production. And I'm like, why are you being a Richard about this? And always remember Dick is a common nickname for Richard. Why are you like this? Just hilarious? Because germs. Germs is crazy And he don't cover his mouth. He will blow his nose, pick the tissue right next to his iPad. Do we cover his mouth? No, he don't cover his mouth. That's a damn lie. I do. I mouth No, you cover your eyes. I do my eyes. I keep telling you that. Yes. IS sze in my elbow. Yeah. Now you keep Sneezing to the inside of your elbow. You don't sneeze into your hands. No. But it goes under and it curls around your elbow. Just finish it.


Don't get today. See What I'm saying? I simply blew my nose this morning. Just make such a production about it that people around here asking me if I'm sick, I'm like, damn. Yeah, all I do is blow my nose. Okay? And the reason I need just to relax is because I don't want her to end up like Richard Lombardi. See, Richard's 65 years old and he had a roommate. His roommate name is Frank Griswold and Frank is 80 years old Now I know what you're thinking. Why the hell are a 65-year-old man and a 80-year-old man roommates? Why are Dick and Frank shacking up? I think I know the answer to that. Ain't nothing wrong with being a little gay. Everybody's a little gay. That's not what I was thinking. Oh, okay. I was reading this story in the New York Post this morning, and these two men have been friends for three decades and they've been living together for more than 20 years.


They probably was just trying to save money. Okay? So that means they met when Frank was 50 and Richard was 35. They clearly became fast friends and have lived together for more than 20 years. What does that mean? Oh, so so you doing the bending? No, that's not what that means. Okay. They probably just trying to fake money. They just friends, y'all need to stop. This is a serious situation because Richard is in jail right now because he suffers from the same condition as just hilarious. He can't stand to be around people sneezing, coughing, blowing their nose or anything like that. And guess what? That is a condition. Okay? It has to be a condition. And that condition caused Richard to land in jail. Let's go to ABC five for the report. Police.


65-year-old Richard Lombardi in court accused of killing his 80-year-old roommate, Frank Griswold. It happened Wednesday at the home they shared on Main Street in Marshfield. He was cooking Thanksgiving dinner, got into an argument with Mr. Griswold, the victim, that he did not want him in the kitchen touching the food. Prosecutors say the two argued. And when Lombardi saw Griswold in the kitchen, he shoved him. He did see the victim. Mr. Griswold near that food doing dishes said that he went over and grabbed Mr. Griswold from behind, grabbed his back and threw Mr. Griswold to the right, tossing him to the side. Lombardi called 9 1 1. Prosecutors say he told police Griswold's feet became tangled and he fell and hit his head.


He was seen laying face up on the floor of the kitchen there in a pool of blood. Griswold was later pronounced dead court. Documents show he also had cuts on his face. Lamar is being held without bail. He's back in court next week for a dangerousness hearing. I bet he did grab him by the back. Had that man laying face down, ass up in blood for no damn reasons. It ain't that deep. Okay? It's never that deep because he sneezed over some trash ass. Thanksgiving food. Thanksgiving food is trash. First of all, if you such a germophobe, why come near me after I sneeze? Also, why put hands on me after I sneeze? If you a real germophobe, you should be avoiding me like the plaque because I might have it also. You've been living with this man for 20 years.


There's not a germ he has that you don't have. Okay? If he sneezes on some food, so what? He's probably put worse bodily fluids in stranger places all around that residence. All right? Not to mention this 80-year-old man came in the kitchen to wash the dishes. So they had a nice couple thing going on. Somebody handled the food, somebody handled the cleanup. He was washing dishes before he got to eat. That's the keeper. And one little sneeze calls you to throw this man to the floor and kill him. Especially when you said the police. He said the police that he often sneezes. Y'all been living together 20 years. You know this man often sneezes. And this one time he sneezes you throw him to the floor and cause him to die. Face down, ass up in a pool of blood.


Always remember kids one wrong move and you are done for, okay. Life is all about choices. Decisions, decisions and one wrong decision made destroy your life. So you should think before you make decisions and you don't realize how important decisions are until you make the wrong one. And you're facing charges of assault and battery and involuntary manslaughter simply because somebody sneezed. And all you had to do was say God bless you. But instead you let it stress you. Please let Remy ma give Richard Dick Lombardi the biggest heehaw, Heehaw heehaw. You stupid mother. You dumb. Okay, let's just start here. He should have covered his nose.


Like that's the thing. He's, yeah. Okay. Re if you re you washing dishes, you can cover your mouth. His Reflexes don't work like they used to. Okay? So why you washing dishes? Knees are abrupt. Washing dishes is more of a premeditated thing. You prepare for, Yo, you Wait till you turn 80 and you just sneezing and farting and don't know when, Yo, but I'm not gonna be in the kitchen. Yo, he sneezed over the food. They've been living together for 20 years. That Don't mean nothing. Listen, if your wife is cooking and you come in that kitchen and you sneeze over the food just going, what? She gonna go off? That would be ridiculous. I, I've sweated on her, but but Won't she go off? Yeah, but that's different. They're not the food that the whole family eat. We don't just Germs on The food and them babies eating that.


Yeah, that makes sense y'all. Mr. Plague, You said the plague. It is plague you coming. You shouldn't correct nobody about nothing. I'm correcting. Okay. You Know that's with Dick and, and Richard Frank. What else? It sound like they doing testing. Yo. Well now at least he'd be happy in jail then if this is all, this is all You, know what it is then You know. You can't say that he ain't Got a problem going to Jail. All right. Can't say you can't say no. What said Oh yeah. What? Eat we eating something You can't eat. Just, you can't say Thanksgiving dinner. You can't say eat the groceries the way you said it. Yeah, I don't know what you're talking about. Good. Alright. Well thank, thank for That donkey today. What is he talking about? What am I talking about?


All right, now when we come back, salute to Jacque, his album is out right now, baby making. He said this on the show about telling his ex about his new relationship and the fact that he was about to have a baby. Let's listen. I thought that I owed her something to tell her because I had been with her for so long You. know what I'm saying? So I was like, okay. As a friend, You know as a respectful dude You. know what I'm saying? I was with Drees for a long time. Let me tell her that I'm having a baby before she just found out through The. World, Okay, so you act, you told Yeah, I know Deandre, that you was gonna tell Dreezy. Nah, nah, I told, told, I told Dre like, yeah, I was like, look, I'm having a baby. Mm. You know what I'm saying? I was like, Deandre having a baby You know I wanted G to respect, to let You know. Like I feel like we had that type of relationship where I could let You.


So the question is 805 8 5 1 0 5 1. How do you feel about giving your ex a heads up about something that's going on in your new relationship now? He said he was with her for seven years. He, he started You know dating somebody else and he was having a baby and wanted to give it a heads up. What's your thoughts on it? What's your feelings on it? Should you give your ex a heads up on anything? We'll discuss when we come back. 805 8 5 1 0 5 1 is The. Breakfast. Club. Good morning The. Breakfast Club. It's topic time. Call 805 8 5 1 0 5 1 to join into the discussion with The Breakfast Club. Morning everybody.


It's DJ EJ Envy. Just hilarious. Charlamagne, the guy we are The Breakfast Club. Now, if you're just joining us, Ja, join us this morning. He talked about his new album Baby Making, but he also talked about something that he did in his relationship that got him into a whole lot of troubles. Let's, let's listen. I thought that I owed her something to tell her because I had been with her for so long. Mm. You. know what I'm saying? So I was like, okay. As a friend, You know as a respectful dude You. know what I'm saying? I was with Drees for a long time. Let me tell her that I'm having a baby before she just find out through The. World, okay, So you act, you told, yeah, I know Deandre, that you was going tell Dreezy. Nah, nah, I told you, just told, I told Dreezy like, yeah. I was like, look, I'm having a baby.


Mm. You. know what I'm saying? I was like, Deandre having a baby You know I wanted G to respect, to let You know. Like I feel like we had that type of relationship where I could let you like You know I don't want you to be blinded where you embarrassed or You. know what I'm saying? So we're asking 805 8 5 1 0 5 1. How do you feel about giving your ex a heads up about your new relationship or something going on in your new relationship? Let's start with you. Would you ever? Hell no. I would never You know what I mean? I don't, I don't have time for that. The only ax who I actually really talk to and know and still love is Rome. Like You. know what I mean? Rome. Rome. No, because Rome, we also share a child, right? So it's like, all right, yo, I got You. know I introduce You know, 'cause this, who's gonna be around your son?


This is who You know I'm taking seriously, because I introduce him to everybody. You know


The holidays are here. And it's that time of year to think about yes, gifts, but not only gifts, it's the guest, the party planning, and the true meaning for the season. Spending time with family and friends. We know it's a lot, but we're here to ease your mind and share some tips. So we'll make it through. Together with the season getting underway, now's the time to shop early for amazing holiday deals at Amazon. Amazon has a wide selection for all your holiday needs. I mean, personally, I would just love one of those robo self-cleaning kitty litter boxes. Think about things I know that's real specific, but hint, hint. And here's a tip. Write a list and execute early. Find the best holiday gifts on Amazon. Shop great deals now on Amazon and visit amazon.com/black Effect podcast for my favorite picks.


You could sit there and listen to ads, or you could take a moment to have a Diet Coke break. First, grab a chilled diet Coke. 'cause if you want it to be perfect, it needs to be crispy. Next, get a big cup of ice. 'cause everyone knows Diet Coke is best served swimming and ice. Then sip it slowly. Feel that burn and enjoy your break for as long as possible. When you need a break, don't forget to grab an ice cold Diet Coke and take a Diet Coke break.


The World is constantly changing. It's up to you to decide how to respond. Choose to be bold to try something new. Choose to reinvent yourself. That's what Nissan did with the all new totally reimagined kicks. The dynamic new exterior styling immediately announces that Nissan isn't messing around the interior. A completely redesigned cabin with premium features like wireless Apple Call play in a panoramic moonroof make driving a kicks immersive and exciting. And with new performance and safety features, like intelligent all-Wheel Drive, the kicks is both fun and safer to drive than ever before. It is the dawning of a brand new era for the Nissan Kicks. Only one question remains. Is it a new error for you as well? Drive the all new Reimagined Nissan kicks today. Available Features compatible device service and consumer activation of Nissan Connect services. Package required use only when safe and legal subject to third party service availability. For more information, see Nissan usa.com/connect/legal. Apple CarPlay is a trademark of Apple Link. Intelligent all Wheel Drive cannot prevent collisions or provide enhanced traction in all conditions. Always monitor traffic and weather conditions.


Hey fam, if you like me, you're thinking about how to level up in your career. Maybe you're fresh outta college, just started in your field or even looking to switch things up and find your true calling. Whatever stage you're in, remember that this is your time to grow, to learn, add to build something that lasts. State Farm understands that early career development is key to long-term success. They've been a steady presence in our communities and they know that having the right support early on can make all the difference. State Farm is there to help you make smart moves and to help you get the coverage you need. We all know the journey to success is a marathon, not a sprint. It's about staying focused, staying grounded, and making sure you're protected every step of the way. Let's build our careers with confidence knowing that State Farm is there to support us just like they've always been because Like a good neighbor. State Farm is there. Find out more@stateforum.com.


The holidays are about spending time with your loved ones and creating magical memories that will last a lifetime. So whether it's family and friends you haven't seen in a while, or those who you see all the time, share holiday magic this season with an ice cold. Coca-Cola copyright 2024. The Coca-Cola company


You. know what I'm saying? But yeah, but nah, hell no. I think Jais was dead wrong for that. You know, but he knows it. But hell no, he don't Do that. Yeah, I'm with you. I think he was, he he was dead wrong. Yeah, I think he, he looked at it as I was with her for seven years so long. Yeah, and You know he still, he still cares about it. You know he's not in love with her. But I thought he felt like You know. I wouldn't tell her for her to see it. But you don't know her that Charlemagne? Nah, That's a broad question. I think that You know, shoot, she must have just became your ex 'cause you got somebody else pregnant if you Yeah. You. know what I'm saying? I don't even, I don't even remember having that conversation with Yaqui. But the only reason, the only way I would tell that to somebody as if me and that person were still in a relationship if we were still involved You know what I mean? Like that's the only way I would say to them, Hey, I got somebody else pregnant.


I'm, I'm moving on. I just give 'em a heads up. That's literally the only way, like if you still or if You're still dealing with Them. That's what I mean. Like you Yeah, you gotta still be dealing with them. Like there's no other reason to say that because He, he told her that and what she do, she told The World before they told them You. know what I'm saying? Before they told The World You know. So she ruined that for that. But to that point, no, I'm lying, I'm bugging. We did talk about that. Yeah. Just two hours ago. Yeah, because he did say I be forgetting, but he did because, because she said that Jaqui was still telling her I want to get you pregnant. Yeah. That's why I said so. Yes, clearly they were still dealing with each other and they were still engaged in some type of Yeah. Communication. Yeah. Yeah. So that's why Jaqui wanted to give it a heads up. Yeah. Well Let's go to outside.


It is cold outside. Good morning. Hey y'all. Hey, I was talking to my son. I'm sorry, What's your name? Zola calling from Charleston, South Carolina. A four three. What's happening? What's your, what's your thought? Zola? So my thoughts are so I don't feel like I should explain that to X, whether the situation ended respectfully. I mean, I'm sorry whether the situation ended on a good note or a bad note. I just feel like that chapter has ended. So it's nothing else to talk about. I don't have to tell them like nothing like Right. That's because I feel like you touching bases with them, like you checking in with them. That's not, nah, we not doing that. I'm with you. Thank you Zola. Alright. You welcome. Bye. Hello, who's this?


This is Lydia. Hey, good morning. What's your thought, Lydia? Good morning y'all. My god. I listen to y'all every day when I go to work. Aw. Aw. Thank you. Thank you. What's your, what's your thoughts mama? So My thoughts is, it really depends on this situation. Like is your ex like your baby daddy or baby mom or is it just an ex? Personally the only heads up I've ever given my ex, which is my baby daddy, is when I was getting married like, and he was in prison. So I kind of had to give him updates on our life. Like what, how things are going on. And. I just was letting him know like, I'm about to get married. So that makes sense on your best.


Do You know? Like Yeah and just letting him know like, this is who the kid's gonna be around for forever now. But other than that I don't feel the need to Okay. Ex on anything. Especially like if I was gonna have a baby with my husband, I would not tell my ex like, hey, I'm about to have a baby. Right. Because what's he, what's he gonna do about it? Right. Okay. I understand. Thank you mama. Hello, who's this? Hi Lisa. Hey Lisa. Good morning. How do you feel about telling your ex something that's going on in your new relationship? I Feel like it was inappropriate with the Jacque situation. If this was someone that he had kids with previously, then yeah you can let her know before she finds out You know from someone else, but it wasn't her her business so he was wrong.


Well he was also, it was also somebody he was still hollering at pursuing You know. He said that himself. He was like You know. He, he don't even remember what he was doing during that time. Yeah, he said that. But he was telling her things like, Hey, I wanna get you pregnant, I wanna have a baby with you. So I clearly he was still engaged with her in some way, shape or form. Right. Well 805 8 5 1 0 5 1. What do you think about telling your ex something that's going on in in your new relationship? Like you're having a baby or you're getting married, et cetera. So what's your thoughts? Let's discuss this. The. Breakfast. Club. Good morning. If y'all talking about it You know we talking about it. It's topic time. Call 805 8 5 1 0 5 1 to join into the discussion with The Breakfast Club Morning everybody.


It's DJ Envy, just hilarious. Charlamagne the guy we are The Breakfast Club. If you're just joining us. SLU Jais. He was here this morning. His new album Baby Making is out right now. And he was talking about an incident that got him in trouble where he told his ex about him having a baby with his new girl, his fiance. And this is what he said. I thought that I owed her something to tell her because I had been with her for so long. Mm. You know what I'm saying? So I was like, okay. As a friend, You know as a respectful dude You. know what I'm saying? I was with Dre for a long time. Let me tell her that I'm having a baby before she just find out through The. World. Okay, so you act, you told I know Deandre that you was going tell Dreezy. Nah, nah, I told D. You just told I told D.


Yeah I was like, look, I'm having a baby You. know what I'm saying? I was like Deandre having a baby You know I wanted G the respect to let You know. Like I feel like we had that type of relationship where I could let you like You know I don't want you to be blinded where you embarrassed or You. know what I'm saying? So we're asking 805 8 5 1 0 5 1. How do you feel about giving your ex a heads up about your new relationship? Hello, who's this? Well, Irene. Hey, well, alright, what's your thoughts bro? My thoughts are, it's circumstantial. I think it depends on the rapport you have with your ex. Like if it is good and good standards, then of course it might be a good thing to just let 'em know, Hey, I'm about to get married or I'm about to have a kid or what have you. But if You know you ain't talk to the person in years and there's a sour relationship, then there's no point in letting them know.


Okay, We got Sherry on the line. Sherry, good morning. Hi. Good morning. It's actually Shaw. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. Shaw, what's your thoughts, Shaw? Well, I think like how I heard it, it sounds like he was trying to be respectful. So it's a seven year relationship. So You know, I feel like he was trying to be respectful. I feel like that's very honorable as a man because I mean, in seven years I'm sure that they probably discussed probably having a baby themselves. Right? And, I myself is kind of in a similar situation where my ex is discussing having a baby with his fiance and You know. I feel like it's, it's a respectful thing. I I agree with you to a point and and the reason I say I agree with you is because they're both celebrities, right?


So it's both out there. So You know when they, when You know he announces he's about to have a baby, everybody's gonna be flooding her timeline. Yeah. So I guess that was the reason why he said, well, let me tell, let me, let me prepare her for that. But at the end of the day, that's your ex. Yeah, but that's the thing about it. She's Still, I mean, it's your ex, but You know just kind of like what you just said by them both being celebrities, that makes it even more respectful because You know that there's gonna be like people in comments, people saying different negative things. You know people probably trying to stir up drama and so Yep. You know. He was just like, let me just go ahead and You know, have a conversation with her and say, Hey You know this is what's going on. Yep. Oh, we actually just complicating this. We are just complicating this.


Because the reality is he was just was still trying to holler at Dreezy. That's Yeah, because there's no, because if they were past each other and this was disrespectful, she wouldn't have went and said it and put it line You. know what I mean? Like, nah. Hello, Who's this? This is Nisha calling from Cleveland, Ohio. Yo, why you so loud? Yo. What? The Cavaliers are busting ass out there this year? Yeah, I guess so. I'm watching my boyfriend a Cavs fan. Okay. What's up though? What's your, what's your comment? So there's a lot of variables to it. So why is my ex calling me to tell me he's having a baby? Like why do I care? And then if my boyfriend is telling me I have to call my ex to let her know that we're having a baby, I'm gonna look at him like he's fucking crazy.


Oh. What his context to it. And the con the context that's just missing is the fact that You know Jaqui was still was telling his ex he wanted to have kids with her and all types of stuff. So clearly they were still engaged in some type of conversation. Yeah. And Communication. And then the other disrespectful part of it is he didn't tell Deandre that he was gonna tell his ex. He just went and told her. Right. He didn't even say, all right, I'm, I'm me Andre got history, I'm gonna tell her. Nah, he just told her. Hello? Who's this? Yeah, You know the visors Mellow Meow White man. What's up boo Man? Life is amazing. Yeah. What did I tell you about that? No, you told me about baby. I said boo Boo is worse. Alright. You know what you got that one? Loophole. Loophole. So boom, I'm, I'm not gonna hold you as a faithful black man. I have nothing to say to my ex.


I told you you could have your life back when we broke up. And, I meant it. That's right. So what do we have to talk about first off? And even if we, even if we didn't break up on some like harsh stuff, like what do I have to talk to you about? Like I don't owe you no loyalty no more. We, we established that when you wasn't mine. Like I don't have to talk to you. You done seen my private parts? Leave me alone. Damn. Yeah. All right. Thanks Melo. She done seen your private parts and wasn't impressed. That's why you were ex No, I got the long stroke service folk Bruiser throat Steamboat don't play with me. But by the way, you shouldn't even tell me that. Yeah. Like there was no reason to be so descriptive and tell me that why you want me to know all that? Because Now you want a picture. So don't tell him that like Photos in the winter, eight in the summer.


But you be saying that every day. Y'all be So you each So You know my measurements Melo. We go together now. Yeah, go together. I know what yours look like. You know what mine look like. Melo anniversary. My Meow crazy. That's right. What's the moral of the story Man? You don't have nothing to say to your ex man like, nah at you. Nah, because then he later on got engaged to her. Did you hit Dreezy up and say, yo, I'm, I'm, I'm a propose. Well after she You, know what I'm Saying? After she leaked in info, he probably never Hear again. There we go. And that's You know why because they didn't talk. That's right. They're done. That was it. Right? You know. So it is what it is. All right, Well we got just with the mess coming up. We sure do And we'll get to that next.


So don't go anywhere as The Breakfast Club. Good morning The. Breakfast Club Morning everybody. It's DJ Envy. Jess. Hilarious. Charlemagne the guy. We are The Breakfast. Club. Let's get to just with the mess. Yes You Is real Moore Just don't do no lie. Don't Do, she don't stir nobody Worldwide. Jess worldwide mad on The, Breakfast Club. She's the coaches shooter. She was able to get y'all to see something And understand Something that nobody could get you to see. It's time to set it door. All right. So Sexy Red responds to allegations about her health. So a man who is reportedly sexy Red's baby father, he shared a recording of a phone call with a woman that he's claiming to be sexy red.


Why you lying? Do all You know what's going on with you? Do you tell him you burning or do you lie to him like you did me? Or did you or did you or did you lying to the how you did me? Everybody getting burned. I don't give a fuck or you lying or did you lie to me? Did you lying that you telling the truth dumb about what sir? And when you gonna keep it gangster? Who, who are you to? That's what you mean. You lied to me for six months and then you told me had that shit. I hope you got a dang Hope up. Now I don't know who that is, but I would say sexy red. If it was her, she was just promoting her lip gloss line because she has one called Yellow Discharge and gonorrhea. That's smart. That's really good. But the fact that it was a phone call, we can't confirm whether it was her or not, but she did decide to share some posts addressing the situation.


She said, y'all wanna know why I don't care? Number one, it's not true. Two, y'all believe anything on this app. Sexy said that when she came up here too, she said, I ain't clearing ish up whatever MFI told you. But believe it, I don't, I literally don't give a f. So that's that man, that's crazy. But it, before that, like a couple days ago, it was a picture, it was a picture going around. I I can't find it no more. But it was the picture and she was in the picture with the dude and, and he's he's sitting, she's sitting in front of him and that's like alleged supposed to be the alleged baby fall or whatever. Yeah. But we don't know. Moving on Javonte Davis says he's retiring. So during the press conference to promote the fight against Roach, Roach, Jr.


Javonte spoke on the future of his career. How do you envision 2025 playing out for you? 25 is after next year. I'm out of it after our second fight. You're out of it? Yeah. Care to elaborate on that out of the sport after our second fight? Nah, no. I'm gonna win bro. Nah, I could tell you my fights X and Javonte to elaborate. It's crazy. That's Wild. Tank can't retire after no year used to. I mean that Shakur Stevenson is still out there. Fuma Lopez is still out there. Devin Haney is still out there. Loma Chinle is still out there. He said He would fight Ryan again though.


I mean he did say that he's Only 30. He makes what? 30 million to fight. He might just be like, You know what? I don't, I want I don't want my head banged up. No better. Good. I'm good. Yeah, but you still gotta go out there. And I mean we, there's there's still great fights to make. And I mean. Yeah. I I love Tank. I think think Tank is dope, but there's great competition he has not been in the ring with yet. Like those people I just named. Like you don't wanna just walk away. You wanna walk away being the best. But also he might wanna walk away where he's not stuttering, he doesn't have any problems, he doesn't have any health issues. 'cause You don't care about what you wanna see. Not about his Not fighting the people he fighting. He ain't gotta worry about no health issues fighting the people he fighting. Shoot Tank, cleaning them up. They gotta worry about the health issues. Yeah. Now, but you get into those, the ring with the people. I'm talking about Sha Stevens and the TP and Lopez and Devin Haney.


That could be a little different. The Chenko. Yeah. That's what we wanna see. Okay, Well let's fight against Roach will happen next year, March 1st. And I'm gonna be in the building. Better believe that. 'cause Tank is Baltimore's own. Are they fighting in Baltimore? They fighting Vegas? No, no, no. They not fighting in Baltimore, but I'm saying is Baltimore's own. So I'm Going And. I. I don't think Tank making that $30 million in the fight. It said he makes around 30 million to fight. And when I just Googled it, 30 million. That's what it says. That's a lot. That seems, that seems like that's, that's Canelo numbers. Stop playing with my man though. Like he not worried 30 million. Fight Tank is don't, I'm not saying he's not worth it. I'm just saying I don't know if he's getting that yet. Mm. Well Tommy, maybe not. I don't know. But that's what it says. I wanna Googled it quickly. Yeah, Tommy Davison and Jamie Fox. So Tommy has sat down with Big Tigger on the morning show and he talked about how complicated his relationship was, but the way he talked about it.


Right. Well do we got audio? 'cause it's a couple audio. So many of you got one. Alright, cool. So yeah, basically play audio. You once said that Jamie Foxx was mean to you. Yeah, that's Yeah, yeah, yeah. It's true. He was mean to y'all. Well You know we got along on their living color. Okay. But when I came to the set on on Booty call, he was a whole nother dude. Boy really mean. Like what bro? Like I, while whole movie saying my own lines, You know. 'cause when you're off camera you gotta say your lines. He wouldn't say 'em. Oh, so so I could memorize his part and my part You know. But Y'all were just on in living color. This is what I'm saying. So it it was a, it was a, it was a new new News Zoo review. Oh wow. So have y'all talked since then?


I haven't seen him. You have not seen him? I haven't seen him. You checked on him when he Okay. I tried to. Okay. I tried to but no response or No response. And I Love Tommy Davison, Louis Tommy. That's, that was a wild sentence though. I Know. What, which One I came to the set of Booty Call. It was a whole, it was a whole other man. It was a movie. It wasn't the booty I was expecting boot. Yeah. So it basically just seemed like You know Jamie was hazing him or whatever. He never, he did say in that same interview it was, there's no real issues. He don't have no issues with him. And then you heard him just say he did check on him, but there was no response. So whatever. After he put this in his book, his booker came out in 2020. So he has talked about this before in his memoir called, called Living in Color. But he just, it just resurfaced when he did the interview.


I wonder where that came from. 'cause anybody that knows Jamie's career, he's always been the nicest person ever. Like the nicest, funniest person. The the guy that's the life of the party. I've never, I've never seen him be mean to anybody. Well, everybody's experience with people is different. True. And and that was a long, long, long Time ago. And I say he was younger. Exactly. Younger. So yeah, we have no idea. But I know Booty Call is the one of the funniest movies to me. So I love it. That's just with a mess. All right. Thank you Jess. And I. Yes. I was right about the moose knuckle when you was in here screaming about showing off your moose knuckle when you was rapping in Gorilla. Yeah. It's a slang term for the visible outline of a man's genitalia. Really? Yes. Through the clothing. So I thought it was just like another camel tone and Women is camel to, but I mean, unless y'all flipping the definition, unless y'all taking it, which y'all probably, who, Who is y'all With?


Women. You was in here rapping it going crazy. That's the lyric doing that. What's that thing y'all young girl doing? What the hell is that? Y'all beating on an invisible person with your hand way up here. So what? Okay, whatever. That's glow. That's glow. I ain't all, I don't have a moose knuckle. I have a came. So I guess, I don't know, it may, she could have said that for the context of just R It'd be so funny watching girls do that dance because it look like they fighting each other from across the room. So one of 'em be over here. I'm gonna be over hitting it. Nuh I be killing. It is not like that. It is like this like Oh my Goodness. See what I'm saying? Whatever. Whatever. My goodness. All right, well that is just with the mess.


Now let's get to the people's choice mix. Today is Jay-Z's birthday is Ho's birthday. Hey, let's get some ho on in the mix. Since The Breakfast Club, how old Is he? 54. 54. Okay. Okay. Morning everybody is the J Envy just hilarious. Charlamagne the guy. We are The, Breakfast. Club. Salute to Jacque for joining us this morning. Great conversation. Thoroughly enjoyed it man. His album Baby Making is out now and his documentary. What's the name of the doc? I am Qui. I am qui. It's out. I am qui. That's What I said. I'm qui. Oh, alright. He said it But Queef. That's lemme said my but ef. Oh you been Talking about lot about Penises and busting today. I don know what? What your you Kinky today. I Don know what's going on. My but ef. Hey salute everybody at the View man. That's why I got this barber cap on. I'm about to go through the view in a second.


I'm getting a haircut. Getting a cutting. A little fresh shave. Get a little fresh shave You. know what I'm saying? 'cause You know when you are on high definition tv. It'd be picking up every little thing You. know what I mean? Oh, okay. You know. Get little follicles in the back. You know because no nothing grow in the front. You know just like to go out there and drive them all. Women crazy. Ooh, You. know what? I'm okay. You got you. They appreciate I'm nineties romcom. Fine. Okay, Think Whoopy going. Be hot and box. Okay. Whoopi coming To turn you on. Oh my goodness. All right. Positive note. Next is The. Breakfast Club. Good morning. Morning everybody. It's DJ Envy, just hilarious Charlamagne guy. We are The Breakfast Club. Now it's time to get up outta here. Charlamagne, you got a positive note? I do. And the positive note is simple man. Salute to everybody going through something right now.


Because just understand extraordinary people survive under the most terrible circumstances and they become more extraordinary because of it. Have a blessed day. Breakfast Club bitches. Y'all finish or y'all done?


You could sit there and listen to ads or you could take a moment to have a Diet Coke break. First, grab a chilled diet Coke. 'cause if you want it to be perfect, it needs to be crispy. Next, get a big cup of ice. 'cause everyone knows Diet Coke is best served swimming and ice. Then sip it slowly. Feel that burn and enjoy your break for as long as possible. When you need a break, don't forget to grab an ice cold Diet Coke and take a Diet Coke break.


The holidays are here. It's that time of year to think about yes, gifts but not only gifts, it's the guests, the party planning and the true meaning of the season. Spending time with family and friends. We know it's a lot, but we're here to ease your mind and share some tips. So we'll make it through. Together with the season getting underway, now is the time to shop early for amazing holiday deals at Amazon. Amazon has a wide selection for all your holiday needs. I don't care if you wanna get your people's laptops, gaming screens, whatever it is they need Amazon. Got it. And please remember, you can find the best holiday gifts on Amazon. Shop great deals now on Amazon and visit amazon.com/black Effect podcast for my favorite picks.


Hey, it's Ryan Seacrest. Life comes at you fast, which is why it's important to find some time to relax a little you time enter Chumba Casino with no download required. You can jump on any time anywhere for the chance to redeem some serious prizes. So treat yourself with Chumba Casino and play over a hundred online Casino style games, all for free. Go to Chumba Casino dot com to collect your free welcome bonus sponsored by Chumba Casino. No purchase necessary. VGW Group void where prohibited by law. 18 plus terms and con


The holidays are about spending time with your loved ones and creating magical memories that will last a lifetime. So whether it's family and friends you haven't seen in a while, or those who you see all the time, share holiday magic this season with a nice cold Coca-Cola. Copyright 2024, the Coca-Cola Company.


This is John Miko from three and out with John Miko You know what my friends at Travis Matthew have done. They've taken leisure wear to the next level. I didn't even know they made these, these slide slip hoodies. I I. Don't have an undershirt on you. Just wear it over. You can wear it around the house. As a podcaster, I'm wear these things every day. I told them, send me about 10 more watch football for a living. We'll be on my couch in this thing all day long. Obviously their hats, no hats fit better. They also sent me a pair of jeans. These legacy featherweight jeans. Got a little stretch in 'em. You know the wintertime. We might put on a few extra around the holidays. How good do these look? I was even playing golf with a buddy the other day. He is like, I love their jeans. I'm like, yeah, they're the best. And then these daily slip shoes. Wear 'em with shorts. Wear 'em with jeans. Wear 'em to work. Wear 'em to a date. Wear 'em. Just hanging out. Cannot recommend their stuff enough. So do yourself a favor and hit up travis matthew.com. All new customers get 20% off their first order. Again, that's travis matthew.com. You'll thank me later.