
Life is an act of constant reinvention that's true for you and for cause. Nissan Reimagined the all new kicks around you. The Bowles Personal plus sound system with speakers in the headrest keeps you in the groove while the Nissan Safety Shield 360 technologies keep you safe. If Nissan invented the kicks, you can reinvent yourself. Drive the all new Reimagined Nissan Kicks today. Available features compatible device service and consumer activation of Nissan Connect Services. Package required use only when safe and legal subject to third party service availability. For more information, see Nissan usa.com/connect/legal. Apple CarPlay is a trademark of Apple Link. Intelligent all-wheel drive cannot prevent collisions or provide enhanced traction in all conditions. Always monitor traffic and weather conditions.


Taking control of your career is empowering. Just don't tell my boss I said that. Building a career is it just about a job. It's about creating a path that impacts our community and future generations. Whether you're starting out or making big moves, State Farm is here to support you with resources to help protect what you're working hard to achieve. They've got your back every step of the way because like a good neighbor State Farm is there. Find out more at State Farm dot com.


At t has a new guarantee because most things in life are not guaranteed. In a world where nothing is guaranteed, at and t is bringing something new to the table. At t is introducing a guarantee. With connectivity, you depend on deals you want and service you deserve or they make it right. Learn more at att.com/guarantee. At&t connecting changes everything. Terms and conditions apply. Visit att.com/guarantee for details.


American Public University understands the challenges of balancing education with a busy ever changing life. Whether you're part of a military family managing PCS moves or a working professional juggling career and family, A PU offers the flexibility you need to succeed. Deliver online APUS programs make it possible to learn wherever life takes you. And courses are offered in eight and 16 week formats with monthly start dates so you can begin when it's convenient and progress at a pace that's comfortable for you. A PU is committed to making education affordable for everyone. For active duty, military and their families, the preferred military rate is just 250 per credit hour. Veterans and their families can benefit from the Veteran Grant, which provides 10% off undergrad and master's levels tuition. And for everyone else, the Opportunity Grant offers the same 10% tuition savings, making higher education within reach for all. Visit ap.ap.edu/military to learn more American public university education that moves with you.


Good Morning usa. Yo Yo, yo, yo, yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo Yo. Just hilarious. Wake that ass up. Charlemagne's running late and it's Thursday and somebody got a birthday right now. Play birthday song. Somebody got a birthday right now. Somebody got a birthday right now. Somebody got a birthday right now. Happy birthday Jess. Hilarious. How you feeling? Thank you so much. I feel good. I'm 33. 33. The big three. Three. Definitely the big three. Three. Don't you hate when people ask, does it feel any different? No, I already feel like I'm getting old. You feel like getting old? I already felt like that after I had the baby.


My body let me know. Oh yeah, you not a spring chicken no more. You just a chicken now. That's it. Just a chicken. Now you gotta watch what you eat. You just can't od crazy. Oh my God. Yo. I can't just eat ice cream. Well, I'll have consequences. Like I used to be able to just eat ice cream at night watching movies. I can't do that now. Or it's going to be the person next to me. Oh my God, Chris, I feel sorry for him overnight 'cause it's, it's ready be nasty yo. Like yeah, everything yo, but I wasn't so yo, I wasn't lack toast intolerant before, but Gary started bothering me at 30. Like that's crazy. Sometimes it happens after you have the the baby too. After my wife had the baby and my wife the same thing. We watch a movie, she gets ice cream and strawberries And I know it's gonna be World War iii as soon as she to eat this.


It is like, it is what it is. And she says sorry beforehand. She's like, I'm just gonna let you know. I Know it is what it is, but sometimes we gotta have it Emini here. Like I had to have ice cream, y'all. Yeah. I Don't care. So now, besides the, the the party or dinner that you're doing tomorrow, that's sold out already? Yes. Besides that, what else are you doing for your birthday? Do you know? Or is it, is Chris surprising or He's got plans for me. I don't know where I'm going after I get off work today. So after we wrap the show, Chris has a whole day planned, so I have no idea. Does he tell you what to dress, what to wear or Yeah, he did. He told me in the beginning of the day or the earlier part of the day, we doing something fun. Okay. So I have to dress casual, still be swaggy, be dressed casual, and then tonight get dolled up. So I was like, okay. Okay. Alright, Chrisy.


Yeah. Alright, well I'm excited. Well, happy birthday. Thank you. All right, well let's get the show cracking. Jagged Edge will be joining us. They have a new album, original all original parts, volume one out tomorrow and we gonna be kicking in with Jagged Edge this morning, Period. Oh, okay. All right. And then of course we got front page news next and we got something for Jess birthday song. What you want here? Lemme see. Well, lemme see which ones we got. Let's, we can always go with two chains and let's go please. Let's Do it. That's the ones I turned. That's the one I turned up to. Here we go once again. Happy birthday Jess. Hey, 33 today. The big three. Three. You already know.


Morning everybody. Iste J nv, Jess, hilarious. Charlamagne the guy. We are The Breakfast Club. Let's get in some front page News. Morning Morgan. Good morning y'all. DJ Envy H, the God and Jess. Hilarious. Happy birthday girl. Thank you boo. Alright, so let's get into it. Let's line up that Trump meeting Putin audio. Yeah. So President Trump, he's saying he's not saying whether or not he feels Ukraine and Russia are equal in their efforts to end the war between the two. Speaking from the Oval Office, Trump says he spoke with Russian President Vladimir Putin and they will immediately start negotiations to end the war following a highly productive call is what he called it.


And the two will meet a few times. So let's hear more from Trump on meeting with Putin. It's an interesting question. I think they have to make peace. Their people are being killed And I think they have to make peace. President Putin wants to have peace now and that's good. And he didn't wanna have peace with Biden. Do we expect that he'll come here and I'll go there and we're gonna meet also probably in Saudi Arabia the first time we'll meet in Saudi Arabia, see if we can get something done. But we want to end that war. That war is a disaster. He also spoke about the White House or spoke, excuse me. He did say he felt the two made peace and said Ukrainian President Vladimir Zelinsky would have to do what he has to do when it comes to potentially giving up part of its territory.


Following those negotiations now White House press sec Secretary Caroline Levitt, she spoke about the calls between Trump and Zelensky and Russian President Vladimir Putin. Let's hear more from White House press Secretary Caroline Levitt on Russia and Ukraine. I myself just spoke to the president about these calls and he told me to tell all of you they were very good calls. They were very positive and the administration is wholeheartedly committed to a peace deal to end once and for all the Russia, Ukraine War. We discussed a variety of topics having to do with the war, but mostly the meeting that is being set up on Friday in Munich where vice President JD Vance and Secretary of Secretary of State Marco Rubio will lead the delegation.


Yeah. So in a post on truth social, he said the conversation with Zelensky went very well. Trump added that like Putin Zelensky wants to make peace. He went on to say it is time to stop this ridiculous war where there has been massive and totally unnecessary death and destruction. So we will continue to watch what happens as a result of these negotiations between President Trump, Vladimir Zelinsky and Russian President of Vladimir Putin. Now elsewhere in the Trump administration, the White House says Wednesday's inflation report shows the Biden administration left them with a mess to deal with press Secretary Caroline Levitt said the previous administration was not transparent. Transparent in where the economy truly was.


Let's hear more from White House press Secretary Caroline Levitt on the economy and inflation. The Biden administration indeed left us with a mess to deal with. It's far worse than I think anybody anticipated because unfortunately the previous administration was not transparent in where the economy truly was. People at this very podiums told the American people that inflation was transitory and that it would go away. That was not the case. And now the last report of the Biden administration as revealed today, shows that inflation is still about 4.5% higher over the past three months. Oh, the American people could have told you that Emini here, you know the inflation numbers might've been down, been down, but you know, people didn't feel that in their pockets in any way, shape or form.


Nah, the price of Emini here, inflation might've been down, but the price of everything else was up. All you had to do was talk to the American people and you would know that the economy wasn't as strong as you thought it was. Well, Not only that, like going back to the Ukraine war, she was, we, we were seeing all that the, the war had to stop. They said they allocated like $113 billion for that war and already gave up $69 billion worth of American funds, which is a lot of money. And then you hear the prices of eggs and all this other stuff is going up. Yeah, it's gonna piss some people off. Oh for sure. So the latest consumer price index report showed that the annual inflation ticked up 3% in January. Caroline Levitt added that. The CPI report is an indictment on the Biden administration's mismanagement of the inflation crisis she went on. She also said that Trump wants interest rates to be lower and it thinking that it will lead to lower inflation.


Now the Federal Reserve chair, Jerome Powell, he testified before lawmakers on Capitol Hill recently saying that the Fed is committed to bringing down inflation, but added that lawmakers are not apparently in a rush to lower interest rates. His appearance comes as of course tech billionaire, Elon Musk, head of the Trump's administration's Doge department, department of Government efficiency appears to be backing the idea of former Congressman Ron Paul replacing Powell as the chair of the central banks. So we will continue to see what happens and you know, as a result of that Emini here, we're experiencing this and to your point, Charlamagne and envy, we are watching the price of eggs. We're out. We're the ones that are out here grocery shopping and yeah.


So yeah, we don't, Why is it eggs in particular that everybody always focuses on? I don everything is high. Why people just be Talking about Eggs? It's like one of the essentials. Is it? Yeah. 'cause that's one of the basic essentials that you keep in the house. Eggs, bread, you know, cheese, cheese juice. If you can afford that. But bills is high, rent is high, mortgage is high. Like everything is high. Why are they just eggs all and People be high and they want eggs to eat. So they that's what they do. A, a egg sandwich after you. You, you ain't lie. Anyway, go girl. How? Alright y'all, so switching gears, an Illinois County board is signing off on a $10 million settlement for the family of Sonya Massey. Say her name Sonya Massey.


The 36-year-old black woman was shot and killed by a law enforcement officer last last July inside of her own home in an unincorporated neighborhood in Springfield. She had called authorities to report a possible prowler before the incident occurred. She said someone was breaking in her house and she called the police and then they end up shooting her. So the Sanon County board unanimously approved the payout yesterday after reaching an agreement last week, former Sanon County Sheriff's Deputy Sean Grayson, he is charged with first degree murder in the shooting. So just an update in action. Get paid young lady, get paid Emini here. I hate that to happen. Had to happen to her. But I am happy that you know, she received some type of compensation for it. Well her family. Her family.


Yeah, her family. How much was it? $10 million. Which is 10 million. Which which is a nothing for a life. I was gonna say that is a nothing. That's not a lot not, it's never enough when you know, talking about a loss of life. But that's your front page news for 6:00 AM guys, we'll talk about reparations at seven. Alright, everybody else get it off your chest. 805 8 5 1 0 5 1 if you need to vent. Phone lines are wide open again. 805 8 5 1 0 5 1 is The Breakfast Club. Good morning. The Breakfast Club. This is your time to Get it off your chat. Keep calling 805 8 5 1 0 5 1. We want to hear from you on The Breakfast Club.


Hello, who's this? Good Morning. This is Christian from Lebanon. Pa What's up Christian? Get it off your chest. What's up everybody? I just want to say happy birthday to Jess. Good morning to you guys and have a good day and God bless. Thank You sir. Thank you brother. Happy born day. Jess. Thank You'all. Whatever. You ain't here for us to celebrate you and love on you, but whatever. Damn. Whatever, whatever. Hello, who's this? Hey, this is Theo from Compton. Hey, what's up brother? Get it off your chest. Hey, how you guys doing before I start? We blessed Black and Holly failed. So good brother Compton Compton And happy, happy birthday over there Jess. Yeah, sorry, morning here. So I'm kind of asleep.


What I wanted to get off my, off my chest is, have you guys heard of Dax News? No. DAX It's something I've been seeing. It popped up on TikTok a couple months ago. If you look at their their page, it says its satire on the page pretty clearly. But some of the stories are salacious and I've seen so many people be fooled by D'S videos. It's, it's something that you might want to, you know, try and warn people about. It's, it's pretty crazy. There's one video that suggested that a 6-year-old child shot a cop. No, I haven't seen it. The bad thing about you talking about it, people gonna go check it out. And you do know on TikTok, you know, people get paid off of views.


So I'm sure they post a little bit of everything just to get the the views up, which it seems like it's working and they get paid off of it. So The crazy part is it also don't matter 'cause nobody cares about the truth from the lies more entertaining and satire is very, very, very, very entertaining. So if, I'm sure that a lot of those stories reinforce a lot of narratives and conspiracy theories people already have. So they share 'em just because they wanna look like they, right? Yeah. But the, the, the, the problem that I have with them is that they make us kind of look bad. Us meaning melanated people, You mean Negroes? I don't know. It, it's something, it is something to look into Why people be so afraid to say black. It be like us melanated people. Well first Of all it ain't even that. Why are you so happy to say Negroes? But I just, why, why people be afraid to say black.


They not afraid. And people be afraid to say white too. You have people come up here for interviews and they be like, well, you know, like others like what you mean white people? Like, Well we say white and black, we don't have no problem with it, but you know. Yeah, I don't have no problem. Oh, I'm fine saying black. Speaking of black, speaking of black. I also like to tell stories. If, if, if you might be looking for another podcast, I got some stories to tell. 'cause nobody's gonna tell black stories like we will That No, that's true. Nobody tells black stories like black people. That is a fact. That's right. And and I'm, I'm a, I'm a history junkie. I love to tell history stories, but I I I'll be calling in from time to time time see if I can drop him on you if you don't mind. Okay. All right brother. Let us know. Thank you. Deal.


All right. Thank you. Happy Black History Month. Get it off your chest. 805 8 5 1 0 5 1. If you need to vent, hit us up now. It's The Breakfast Club. Good morning. The Breakfast Club. Ray. Ray. Ray. Yo, Charla man. Dany, what up are we live? This is your time to get it off your chest. I Got an indoor pool, a outdoor Pool. We want to hear from you on The Breakfast Club. We can Get on the phone right now here. Tell you what, it's We live. Hello, who's this This's? Linda. Linda Indianapolis. Good morning. Hey Linda. Linda, get it off your chest. Hey Linda. Good morning everybody. Hi Jess. Congrat on the baby. Hey baby DJ and good Morning.


Good morning Linda. Just shout on my kids. They're getting ready for school. Good morning. Mommy loves y'all. Y'all have a great day. And shout out to my husband Big art. He's been doing his thing. I love him to death. I hope he hear this. Oh, big art. Big art. Better have something special playing for tomorrow's Valentine's Day. That's Right. He better he know what's up. Alright Linda, have a great day. You have a good day. You too. Now y'all too Better go out there and get y'all Brazilian waxes men and women already. Say It. Hello. Who's this? Hey, good morning everyone. This is James calling from North Carolina. What's up James, please James, get it off your chest James. Hey. Yeah, I wanted Just say happy birthday to Jess and enjoy your day.


Thank you hun. Thank you. Yeah, and no doubt. No doubt. And I wanted to give a big shout out to Jonathan Majors. I hear that he's in talks with Kevin Fge on getting his job back at MCU as and so they can finish out that the whole cane saga. How you feel about that though? Because they gonna bring him back just to kill him. Crazy. Well at least, at least he gets his job back. He get paid and he gets to finish the story, man. That's how I feel about it. Yeah, they gonna show, they gonna show why Dr. Doom is such a big bad by Emini here. That's allegedly, I don't know if it's true, but they're gonna show why Dr. Doom is such a big bag by killing King. But you know, Jonathan does also have magazine dreams coming out. That's another project that he's in.


Oh, Okay. Okay. That's what's up. Yeah. And he's got a great project out right now called Broke Down Prophets that you can listen to on Audible executive produced by Kevin Hart and this guy named Charlemagne the God. Oh Snap's Nominated for Audi too. What's up man? Emini here. Shoot, he I I I think he shouldn't have been fired in the first place. If he'd have been with DC I think he'd been able to keep a job. You think so? 'cause Ezra Miller. Yeah. Okay, okay, okay. Alright. Yeah. But yeah y'all have a good day though man. Sir. SLU salute Jonathan too. You know that that project we executive exec executive producers nominated for an audio award in the audio drama category at the Audi. So yeah, salute to everybody who listened to Broke Down Prophets on Audible.


Congratulations. Alright, get it off your chest. 805 8 5 1 0 5 1. If you need to vent you can hit us up now we got just with the mess coming up, what we talking about? Yes. Wendy Just made a huge step toward getting free. She signed up papers to ask the judge to end her guardianship. So we gonna get into that. Alright, We'll get into that when we come back. So don't move. It's The Breakfast Club. Good morning. The Breakfast Club Morning everybody. It's DEJ Envy Jess. Hilarious. Charlemagne the guy. We are The Breakfast Club. Let's get to Jess with the Mess News is real Robin Moore. Just don't do no lying, Don't Spare nobody spare Worldwide.


Jess Worldwide message on The Breakfast Club. She's a coaches shooter. She was Able to get y'all to see something and understand something that nobody could get you To see. It's time to set it off. Okay, so Wendy Williams signed the affidavit to, you know, be released from the conservatorship. Yes. And I think this, so when this was reported yesterday, it came like later in the evening after the TMZ documentary. I think a lot of people thinks that this means like she submits it and then boom she's free. Like she's good. That's what It sounds like. What's the process with that? How long is it? Like what else does she have to do? There's a Emini here so the process can, it depends on the judge. So basically what happened is, is there's, this is like a first step.


You don't even have to take the step from what I'm told. So you submit this affidavit. If the judge is like, okay, yeah I agree with everything you guys are saying she should be free. She can literally just be free. But that's not gonna happen because we've been talking about up here, the fact that the judge is saying he himself evaluated Wendy in addition to a medical center and he felt like she had And I felt like, but he determined that she had the frontal temporal dementia and she needed somebody conservatorship wise in her life. So I think that her, I don didn't know a judge do that. It's so from what Wendy's conservator said in a legal letter, she said that Wendy was evaluated by a medical center and then the judge themselves has to do like an evaluation of some sort. It's probably not a medical one, it's probably more of like cognitive and like conversation and decision making type stuff.


They do the same thing. Remember I told you when she changed her lawyer? Yeah. The judge was gonna do the same thing. So I don't think that this affidavit is, is gonna work, but I think Wendy's attorney probably did it just because it's like, it's just a part of the process. Like if the judge were to say yes, it would expedite everything. So what happens from here? So Why even release that? Why did they even put that out? I have no idea. This confused the heck out of me because I, because it Makes people think she's coming home. Exactly. That's what it, that's what it felt Like. A hundred percent. It makes people think she's coming home And I feel like it's just really premature because for instance, right at once you submit this affidavit, there's supposed to be like two doctors that Wendy is supposed to then go and see as a part of the conversation of if she should be released or not. From what I'm told, they're still figuring out doctors and Yeah, who the doctors are, what like it, none of that is really set in stone yet.


So I, I don't know what the reason why this story was released put that TMZ released this story, wonder Where it came from. I'm not for sure. I don't know. But they say that their sources say that Wendy is gonna be re reevaluated by a doctor next Tuesday. And this doctor was selected by the attorney Wendy has hired to end the guardianship. TMZ was also told the following day her lawyer will file an emergency order to show cause translation, a petition to force the issue with the judge who has the power to end the guardianship. So I, it's like she's trying to put the, the pressure on the judge but from what I'm told, a lot of what they're saying here is still very premature. Like even Yeah whoever put that out doing too much. You doing too much in every single little step that you are doing to try to get Wendy out does not need to be publicized. Yeah, yeah. I agree. And also I was gonna ask what you know she's gonna see her father this week and they said in the dock, is she going rogue or is somebody going with her?


No, they travel. She got people travel. She Can't go rogue. Remember it was the steak. She had to have security. She gotta have somebody travel with her like just wanted to make sure. Yeah, She can't go rogue. She got a C And I dog, she got a cane. So everything With the hell No she don't. She got a little, She got a CNI Dog just don't listen to him. Oh since she ain't got damn cats. How she get a CNI dog? Yo. I will. I I also was told yesterday too, remember I told you guys that I spoke, I reached out to Robbie Kaplan's office that is the attorney who's over the Annie lawsuit. So I spoke with someone from that office who let me know that they saw the, the documentary, they had some really interesting feedback to it. I don't think they're too fond of it, but they say that, you know, they can't get into the conservatorship stuff. They're just a e lawsuit stuff. However, Sabrina, I now has lawyered up in this whole situation and she's supposed to be releasing something or filing something of her own this coming week.


So I don't know what that is gonna be as Well. We Don't care yet. Emini here. Well we're just reporting the news here. Yeah. So basically Wendy is, it is not happening yet. Y'all people think it's happening but it's not happening yet. Now somebody but In more lawsuits we got Diddy. Yes. He suing somebody. Diddy said I keep getting sued. I don want a piece of this pie too. Girl. Excuse me. That's why he's in the situation. He's in too much pie. Always want a piece of somebody pie. Oh I Don Dunno if he a pie Cake too. There you go. Do his Knees still hurt if you reach out about we everything Good. I ain't, I didn't get, I didn't get much on the knees but I'm assuming they do still hurt. Okay. All but yeah. So yesterday did he file a lawsuit against NBC Universal Peacock and Ambu LLC for defamation or def the defamatory statements?


So he's saying that when they did that whole diddy the making of a Bad boy documentary that we talked about in here, that they, a lot of the claims and the things that they were accusing him of of were completely false. And he's saying he wants a hundred million dollars in damages for severe harm to his reputation, economic harm and the defamatory statements. Why just NBC? It's been about five or six documentaries that have come out. I have no idea. On Top of podcast and YouTube pages. Like it's so many people with stories like why he just aiming at NBC? I don't know. He's he's alleging that they falsely accused some of serial murder, sexual assault minors and sex trafficking when there's no credible evidence to support murder any of these heinous allegations because they go into, they go into like a lot of the alb s short claims and it's a lot.


But Yeah, I still think it's crazy that they have these documentaries out when people, when he's on trial, like, 'cause people are, the jury sees this stuff But there's so many of them, right? So it's like, what are you gonna do? He's, he's Diddy like he, he's puff like it's going to happen. I just feel like he has a lot more things to focus on right now than this. I agree with Lauren a hundred percent. Diddy should be saving all his coins to fight his criminal case. You worried about the wrong things? Okay. There are a lot of salacious stories out there about Diddy. I don't know what's true on what's not true, but he should be focused on what's going to happen in that courtroom and not on documentaries. YouTube. And you can't be out here swearing everybody just 'cause they say you slept with Carl Linzel. Carl Winslow. I think it's more than that. I I think it's a little more Than that. See not denying that part though. He not saying he ain't do that.


He's saying all the other stuff. Did you see the one where they said he was playing Duck Duck do with people's booties? What? Duck. Duck. You ain't see that when either? Where was that one at? And then they said he playing Uno for cheeks. He'd make people draw full. And if you draw full you gotta get on all fours. It was crazy, crazy stuff out there. You stop before you Next Lawsuit scared. I'm scared now. Even yo When I was free we're documentary reusing. That's Just crazy stuff as I'm saying. You can't go around suing everybody just because they saying crazy stuff at a time like this. Focus on your criminal case. That Documentary must to restrict the DVD. I didn't see that one. Yeah, I didn't see that one there. No, that Was the, that's the iHeart doc Where, where that at? They said leave us out of it. We ain't got nothing to do with. But the stuff that he's upset about in this, I'm like yo. And this is every single lawsuit, every single documentary maybe Trying to put a stop to it.


'cause he knows if he sues one people have to second guess when they put it out. Y'all, It's so much noise around this. It's not, people don't even, this lawsuit dropped and people reported it and moved on five seconds later. You got time for it more? No, 6 59 69. I said it's 6 59 With you playing Tuesday. Hit Did he just thought saying all I on that computer Screen. Lemme see what you watching. What You right. Nothing Stupid. You talking about six nine Draw Four. I said 6 59. All right, well No, the Draw four thing was real though. They said he used


The World is constantly changing. It's up to you to decide how to respond. Choose to be bold to try something new. Choose to reinvent yourself. That's what Nissan did with the all new totally reimagined kicks. The dynamic new exterior styling immediately announces that Nissan isn't messing around the interior. A completely redesigned cabin with premium features like wireless Apple call play and a panoramic moonroof make driving a kicks immersive and exciting. And with new performance and safety features like intelligent all wheel drive, the kicks is both fun and safer to drive than ever before. It is the dawning of a brand new era for the Nissan Kicks. Only one question remains. Is it a new error for you as well? Drive the all new Reimagined Nissan Kicks today. Available Features compatible device service and consumer activation of Nissan Connect Services. Package required use only when safe and legal subject to third party service availability for more information, see Nissan usa.com/connect/legal. Apple CarPlay is a trademark of Apple Link. Intelligent all-wheel drive cannot prevent collisions or provide enhanced traction in all conditions. Always monitor traffic and weather conditions.


At and t has a new guarantee because most things in life are not guaranteed. Like actually getting the rental call you requested or your wedding turning out just like you dreamed it would. And someone making another pot of coffee in the break room after drinking the last drop of the last one. Yeah, don't get me started. Not guaranteed. In The World where nothing is guaranteed, at t is bringing something new to the table. At t is introducing a guarantee. With connectivity you depend on deals you want and service you deserve or they make it right. So if you wanna know more about the at t guarantee, head to att.com/guarantee. At t connecting changes everything, terms and conditions apply. Visit att.com/guarantee for details.


Hey fam, this is Carlos Miller from the 85 South Show. If you're like me, you are always thinking about how to level up your career. Maybe you're fresh outta college, just starting in your field or even looking to switch things up and find your true calling. Whatever stage you're in, remember that this is your time to grow, to learn, and to build something that lasts. State Farm understands that early career development is key to long-term success. They've been a steady presence in our community and they know having the right support early can make all the difference. State Farm is there to help you make smart moves and to help you get the coverage you need. We all know that the journey to success is a marathon, not a sprint. It's all about staying focused, staying grounded, and making sure you're protected every step of the way. Let's build our careers with confidence knowing that State Farm is there to support us just like they've always been because like a good neighbor State Farm is there. Find out more at State Farm dot com.


American Public University understands the challenges of balancing education with a busy ever changing life. Whether you're part of a military family managing PCS moves or a working professional juggling career and family, A PU offers the flexibility you need to succeed. Deliver online APUS programs make it possible to learn wherever life takes you. And courses are offered in eight and 16 week formats with monthly start dates so you can begin when it's convenient and progress at a pace that's comfortable for you. A PU is committed to making education affordable for everyone. For active duty, military and their families, the preferred military rate is just 250 per credit hour. Veterans and their families can benefit from the veteran grant, which provides 10% off undergrad and master's levels tuition. And for everyone else, the Opportunity Grant offers the same 10% tuition savings, making higher education within reach for all. Visit apu.apu.edu/military to learn more American public university education that moves with you.


Shut up. Listen, I, don And I, And I'm not saying I believe these stories, I'm just saying let's talk about this, the story so that he would say he was playing Uno and when he used to draw four, if you drew four, you have to get on all fours. That's what they, that's what they said. So you can't just make, so you can't just go around suing people 'cause they just making up wild, crazy claims like this. When that wild card drop. Wonder what happened? The wild, wild, crazy. Wow. You know the new one though? There's a switch where like, you gotta switch. Switch your hands. Oh My. Oh my God. He had a swap hands and they hated to play with him when he used to cut right in his own rules. They said it was really crazy then. Allegedly. Allegedly. My goodness. All right, that's just with the mess. He lying. He he lying.


That was just with the mess. All right, when we come back, we got front page news and then Jagged Edge will be joining us. It's The Breakfast Club. Good morning. Wake Up. Wake up. You're locked into The Breakfast Club. Morning everybody. It's DJ nv. Just hilarious. Charlamagne the guy. We are The Breakfast Club. Let's get back in some front page news. What's up Morgan? Good morning. Good morning y'all. What's up? It's Jess birthday. We celebrating on all that's right. You know, we, we are. As soon as I get off of here, start my that. I love that. I love that. All right, well let's get into the news then. I guess you know what I'm saying. House of Democrats announced the reintroduction introduction of a bill addressing reparations for slavery. HR 40 is federal legate legislation that would create a commission to study and proposed reparations for slavery and subsequent racial discrimination.


Now, Massachusetts Congresswoman Ayanna Presley is taking over the bill after representative Sheila Jackson Lee out of Texas died last summer from cancer. Now let's take a listen to Congresswoman Ayanna Presley announced HR 40 More than four centuries ago, Africans were kidnapped, trafficked, and enslaved, forced to build this country under horrific brutality. An economy which we still benefit from today. Rice, sugar, tobacco, cotton. And even after the Civil War emancipation of the 13th Amendment, the legacy of slavery endured in other forms codified in law to deny black Americans freedom, opportunity, and dignity.


And that's what brings us here today. These, this brutality, these injustices, these horrors were not, things just happened within the culture by osmosis. They were legislated today what Donald Trump. Republicans waging their coordinated and at times unlawful assault on black folks in black history. We will not allow that history to be erased. We'll not allow it to be whitewashed. Can I say something? Can I say something about Ianna Presley? Sure. I think Ianna Presley is a democrat that I enjoy hearing from. She's inspiring, she's informative, she's about action. She speaks truth to power. That is a Democrat who should be at the forefront in regards to leadership of the whole party. Oh, I thought you were gonna have a big butt.


No, there's no butt. I I just think she should be one of the people at the forefront. Get rid, put put the Chuck Schumers and the Hakeem Jeffries and Nancy Pelosi. You know, all of them need to move out to the side and let people like Ayanna Presley be at the forefront. I love that. Alright, so during the last congressional session, the bill had 130 co-sponsors. However, it is unlikely to pass now in this session with a Republican controlled house and Senate. Of course this comes as Trump issued an executive order banning diversity, equity, and inclusion policies in federal agencies. He called DEI, illegal and discriminatory. And as a result, federal workers are being placed on leave and in bold. And this also emboldened some Americans and their larger companies to walk back corporate equity promises, for example, Walmart.


We've saw Target doing that. And of course, representative John Conyers out of Michigan. He first introduced the bill HR 40 in 1989 when, and then Sheila Jackson Lee took over when he retired in 2017. So in the conversation of reparations Emini here, we've had this conversation, I wanna say last year, Charlemagne, we mentioned it. What do you think that looks like As far as what, What, what repre reparations could look like today? Emini here, it's not so much as 40 acres and a mule cutting a check or what do you think it could look like? I really, I really don't know. You know, I like, I like, I like economic equity packages that I see people put together. You know, west Bellamy did a lot of that in, in, in Charlottesville.


But I don't know, I don't, I, you know, I don't know if it's, I don't know, Emini here, I don't know if it should be cash payments. I don't know if it should be, you know, land grants. I don't know if it should be, you know, free education. I, I really don't know. I just know it should be something. Yeah, I was gonna say at least the conversation is being had. So let's switch gears. The federal judge is allowing President Trump's employee buyout plan to continue. Remember it was initially blocked, but nope, it is going to move forward and continue. Last month Trump offered money to millions of federal employees to get them to quit. But multiple labor unions filed lawsuits soon after saying the administration did not have legal authority to offer such buyouts. However, a judge has issued a temporary freeze on the administration's offer. But on Wednesday, the SANE Judge announced the unions lacked legal standing in their lawsuits and this buyout is allowed to move forward.


Now the buyout, the deadline for the buyout is already over. So you would've had to take advantage of it or make mention that you have already taken advantage of it. And we will see what happens to those who have actually accepted this buyout. So what it means is that you will work or you have, you essentially have quit your job at the federal government and you will continue to be paid through September. Alright, so in New York, New York is highlighting its diverse workforce. As President Trump continues to ex issue these executive orders, curving, DEI initiatives, Reverend Al Sharpton says, president Trump's claims on DEI programs don't hire candidates based on merit. Now public advocate Dumaine Williams, he explains what DEI programs set out to do.


Let's hear more from Reverend Al Sharpton and Dumaine Williams. Can you imagine a man with 34 felony convictions and a sexual harassment conviction talking about merit? He couldn't figure fill out a resume at any one of these firms that's standing here. So Merit has nothing to do with this. All it says is that we should take measures to make sure that people who are qualified and can do the job are in the spaces and applicant pools to be chosen. Yeah, so Comptroller Brad Lander, he also joined Public advocate Jermaine Williams and Reverend Al Sharpton to recognize the diverse workforce managing billions of dollars worth of city pensions.


Now Lander says major companies like Walmart, Amazon have already started rolling back diversity, equity, and inclusion initiatives in advance, even though data shows diversity in their senior leadership and employees contributes to financial performance. Of course Google Meta and Target also. And, and most recently I've noticed di Disney, Disney is actually changing content warnings ahead of their old movies like Dumbo and Peter Pan. Now the movies currently have a disclaimer that says the films will include negative depictions and or mistreatment of peoples or cultures. While the new version will read, this program is presented as originally created and may contain stereotypes or negative depict depictions. Disney is one of the latest companies to roll back some of their diversity, equity, and inclusion initiatives.


Yeah. And, And Morgan I do have one thing though. You asked the question about, you know, what would reparations look like to me? Sure. I I I think it could be different things for different people. What you mean? Like, like for example, right. You know what would be great for me? I'm talking about for me personally, right? Not having to pay taxes, you know, federal or state. Like I, you know, I, I'm serious. I do pretty okay in life in various ways. If I didn't have to pay taxes, that would be fantastic for me. And I bet that there are quite a few, you know, black people who could really, really get ahead if they didn't pay federal estate taxes. So I'm just talking about, I I think that'd be amazing. Yeah, I think reparations would quite a few I think, I think reparations would look like a, you know, different things for different, you know, different people. But how would they decide who gets reparations? Right? Yeah, I was is it all black people?


But what about somebody like a Patrick Mahomes that's half black, half white, or Oh no, No he don't. First of all, first Of all, oh no. Yeah, nah, hell No, he's fine. But, but how do you do that? Because He's fine And he would've to pay half taxes. Okay. Taxes. If he biracial, He would've to pay half his taxes. I'm just saying cer black people who are in a certain tax bracket, you know, who I make a certain amount of money, I feel like, I feel like a, a good form of reparations for them would be for them not to have to pay federal or, or our state tax. I'm with you. Really Just black people period across the board should not pay federal state. I a percent Yeah, I'm with you. You know, but You said already paid four, 400 years ago already paid. And I'm not saying that that should be the only thing. I'm just saying that should be, that would make sense.


That could be, that would be a step in the right direction. Could that help a lot of people and Absolutely. And even with, with people that, that do have it a little better than other people, we can help other people with the money that we're saving. Absolutely. I agree with that. Absolutely. I like that. I I like that. I'm, but alright, well then, you know, we'll see and I'll keep you guys posted. But that's your front page news. I'm Morgan Wood, follow me on social at Morgan Media and former news coverage Follow at Black Food Information Network and download the free iHeartRadio app. Visit us@bnnews.com. Thank y'all. Have a good one. And happy birthday Jess again. Woo. Thank you Girl. All right. Now when we come back, jagged Edge will be joining us. They got a new project called All Original Parts and we gonna talk to them next. Don't go anywhere. It's The Breakfast Club. Good morning, The Breakfast Club.


Morning everybody. It's DJ Envy, Jess, hilarious. Charlamagne the guy. We are The Breakfast Club. Lauren. Lars hanging with us today as well. And we got some special guests in the building here. And gentlemen, jagged Edge. How brothers doing man? Man, see y'all in a minute. It's been a minute man. Growing up a little bit. That's right. I always like to say this, this is one of the groups that y'all guys don't break up at all. Huh? Y'all. But, but how we see every RB group, there's always a breakup. There's always a How Do y'all stay so tight? Man, we, we like each other Emini here. Half the group is us so we love each other.


Right. Little easier that way. Brothers Is the one that be fighting. Nah, Nah, we be on the same page. Absolutely man. So let's, I always like to start from the beginning when you guys come here. So how did y'all guys form the group for people that don't know, how did Jagged Edge form Alright, whoever wanted to take this? Well me and my brother was in the womb, you know what I'm saying? In the womb. But we had this group when we first got to Atlanta, you know, we was about 15 years old. Not when we first got there, but when we first started singing and it was two other guys and we sang at his church picnic, Kyle was at the church picnic.


He came to us at the church picnic, said, listen man, I got a group. Why don't y'all drop the other two and come get t have a group. He didn't have a group, But we didn't know that though. We used to see Kyle ride anyway 'cause me and him was, was basketball players and his, his cousin was a played on our team. Played on our team. So we knew each other from that in passing. And then once we actually sat down and talked and we realized he could sing too, we put it together. It was another member at first and he fizz out somewhere along the way and we picked up Wino and you know what Emini here been together ever since. Absolutely. Since we bought 15. Now we've been in this group Now was now where did the name come from? The name came from, if y'all remember, think back to, I think I wanna say like 91, 92 was a group came out of Atlanta, called a Few Good Men.


They was signed to LaFace. Yep. So just the name of their, their group got me looking at movie titles and during this time I was, I happened to be at Candy House, right. And she had all these movies, like all these just, you know, rows of movies. And I started looking at the, at the movies and when I seen the movie Jagged Air, it's almost like it jumped out like, hey, yeah, you know what Emini here. And so I, and so I said to them and everybody was like, yeah, like not one person pushed back. Everybody was like, yeah, that's a dope thing. That's it. And this was after y'all were already signed to Soso death? No. So You had a relationship with Candy before? Yes. Like what's only like a year, like a year prior to us signing? Yeah. Okay. And what was the relationship? Was it just like music stuff or like how did, did you Well, when I went to school we gone, went to school with Candy.


They was in high school together. We graduated the same class. So when we did our demo he, he had took it to Candy House, just playing it for just like, you know, getting her approval. Wasn't even trying to get a deal or nothing. She liked it so much. She was like, she called Wino one day. Like, you still in that group? Y'all still, y'all still trying to get a deal? He was like, yeah. So we made the deal with Candy. If you get us a deal you can manage us. She got us a deal. So she was our first manager once signed. She Was your first manager. She get to the money in the business side though. Don't So how was she, how was she as a manager in the early days? Emini here. She was getting her seat wet us. But I'll always tell anybody, like as far as being an active artist and trying to manage, you know, manage somebody is like having kids. Right. You know what Emini here, you gotta be up for 'em.


Five 30 phone calls and, and it's, it's just a lot. You know what Emini here. So, And also too shout out to Tiny too. 'cause it, she was just as instrumental. Absolutely. Without Tiny. She was like the direct link to JD on the business side. Gotcha. You know what? Emini here. So without her it wouldn't have happened as well. Zebo, how In instrumental was the Jermaine Dupree with y'all now? Like do y'all still like call him about music? You know, for all original parts. Volume one. I know Emini here, you know Jermaine, my, he our, he that's our guy forever. Right. But as much as I love Jermaine, I, I hit Jermaine about all kind of. But you know, it's, it is rough to get Jermaine do Right. I'm be honest with you. If he ain't a part of it, you know what I'm saying? And I, I've had, I've had a a tough time getting his involvement in things that he wasn't really spearheading you honestly.


Jermaine is why we are writers and producers. Well at least producers, we was always writers. Right. But through dealing with him, we not like you can't just put us on no back burner. We not. That's right. You know what Emini here, you can't tie our hands. You can't. So we figured out how to go make beats ourselves. You know what Emini here learn how to play the keys ourselves learn how to do this stuff. So he's a big reason why and I'm not saying in a negative way. Gotcha. Just understanding that it takes more than just one man to stop what we trying to do. Absolutely. You know what I'm saying? And one thing about us, man, we not petty, you know what I'm saying? That's, I got, we did something for us. We kinda respect the blessings. You took a chance with us, man took a chance. So we respect the blessing, keep it moving. But we was already a self-contained group. Yeah. We was already writing, we was already what we were gonna wear on the show. So we really didn't need anything but the mighty I guess and the backing bunch of, we Didn't need nothing but everything Much j but yeah but much love to jd.


That's our family forever. We just know it's a lot of bashing when it comes up. Yeah. Nah, nah yeah. None of that. Yeah, we ain't doing that. That's how And when did Y'all leave Soso Deaf And why? We actually Soso deaf left us. Right. You know, he had a situation with Columbia, they couldn't get on the same page. So he left and went to, what did he go, he went to Arista. Arista first. Right. So he went to Arista and Columbia basically told him like, you couldn't take us Right. If you want them, you gonna have to pay it for a football team. You know. And j was like, I don't want 'em that bad. I have made Yeah. They didn't let 'em take us and by, so we wanted to go.


But you know what, Emini here wasn't in the cars at the time. So when Y'all left at that time, that's when it completely stopped. He never said I I'm not writing for y'all producing. 'cause y'all weren't on the label at that Time. No, he was on this album. We got back together with Jermaine two different times. Two times we went to, we went to Def Jam with Jermaine and then we did an album with E two with Jermaine. So yeah, Emini here, we've, we've, you know, the music game in itself is a complicated business. And I think, you know, keeping your relationships tight is, is something that you have to do. But at the same time, if, if you can't get on the, on the same page with somebody, you have your own goals, your own dreams. And, and that's what you gotta follow. You know what Emini here and and that's what we did. Like Yeah. Knowing that y'all still got hits, like let's get married and promise and all that.


Like how does that feel to to know that I just saw a video that went viral with somebody had proposed to their girl and they had Get married. Did y'all see that? We seen, saw? What are y'all Reactions From that other than, than Being funny and they should have picked somebody else. Like, but like knowing that that still hit like It is love man. Yeah I love it. It is an amazing feeling. Like, you know we talking about this other day, like we definitely didn't get this to be a one hit wonder, right? Yeah. And we definitely wanted to have a career that was filled with longevity. So when you see things like that you realize you done hit your Mark A. Little bit. You know what Emini here. Absolutely. But we ain't done though. But yeah, it feels good though. Alright, we got more with Jagged Edge when we come back. It's The Breakfast Club. Good morning.


Morning everybody. It's DJN nv Jess, hilarious. Charlamagne the guy. We are The Breakfast Club. Jagged Edge is still in the building. Jess Saw in the interview Beyonce dad like threw y'all off of a tour bus, the Two bus. What happened with that? Trying to, So like when it happened, somebody said to us, y'all gonna be talking about this for the whole, the rest. And then he goes, damn. Right, like y'all still be talking About this. I know what happened. So basically we was on tour with Destiny Child and at the time Matthew was our manager. So we was sharing a tour bus, us and Destiny Child, we all on one tour bus. How big Was that bus? My 12 Bus. And so, you know, I think it's probably well documented that Latoya has had different issues with, you know, the crew.


This particular night, Latoya's mom was on the road. Miss Pam, she was sick. Shout out Miss Pam. Right? She was sick and Miss Pam obviously had issues with the crew. So Matthew called, even though he wasn't in the city, he called back to the road manager. Like, you know, miss Pam ain't getting on that bus, right? And we was like, well we not leaving her out in the middle of Louisiana somewhere. Three in the morning. Right so she is going get on the bus. That dude had the police called on us, had us remove the bus. So y'all on the, We all, So yeah. Emini here. But you know, we just felt like whatever the issue is, it can't be that serious that you gonna leave somebody out here. Right. And you're not even here. And you're not even here. It was somebody if it was your mom, know what I'm saying? The same way, come On man. Exactly.


We deal what was right. Hey Man, you know we from the south and you know we momma That brutality. Yeah. We feel what I'm saying. So we kind of felt that like, man, we momma's boys and we had a obligation, but we wanted to whoop Matthew. She got you by the bathroom at one of your concerts. We gonna add your ass out. So shout out to Matthew for not going by that bathroom. The story Goes so, 'cause you were dating Latvia at the time, Brenda. And then, so she told the story on the radio station. She was saying that you stuck up for the group. Like you, you were the one about to go off. So you was at the bathroom. Well We all did. We all did. But yeah, I definitely, I went in the room with the girls, you know, I just seen it like, like I said, like if it was my mother, it would've been worse than that.


Like I would've turned, it would've, it would've got nasty and ugly. So I didn't want it to go that far. So I tried to have a conversation with the girls. I couldn't talk to Matthew. He didn't, he didn't make himself available. Yeah, he was a New Yorker. But you know, I tried to make the other girls who you know was in the group with Latoya, you know, supporter and they all just kind of let me know that they had different issues with Latoya and her mother and that's why it was this bad. And I even, to be fair to them, 'cause I talked to Kelly about this after that and it got to a point where she even felt like, well at this point it's outta my hands. Once Matthew took control of it, they didn't feel like they even had much of a say anyway. So you know what Emini here It is. What it is. I, I did want to ask too. They used to put one 12 against you guys, right? Absolutely.


And it was a, it was a thing. Was it ever a beef or was it just always Fun? It was Charlemagne did it man. Damn. You know what man? It was never a real beef. Like I don't know how many people know this, but them guys like brothers does. Yeah. That's like outta all the male groups we've been on shows with or just been around or in our era, I should say one 12 was our closest friends. Wow. So yeah, it was never a real beef but it got a little testier. Right. At what point and what happened, what was the Reason? When we was coming back from a tour we was on and we just pull into the city. Me and Kyle album dropped Bus. Y'all kicked them out the bus. This Time We just heard them on the radio talking it's some trash.


And me and Kyle just made a beeline of where they was at. I was taking my braid. I, It was just me and him. We knew all four of 'em was there. We didn't even care. Right. We, we was ready to do whatever had to be done. What Did they say that was that bad? They was doing something. They was doing something. They were doing something and Live remote. But Q said something like, how could Jackie be the best group? They got two, they only got two lead singers. A cheerleader and, and A rah rah man. And I said, Hey, wow, I'm the rah rah guy. Me and that guy went up there on the mission. Nothing Happened. Like nothing happened. Bro Was supposed to, to be the chin leader man. It wasn't waso bro, I guess.


And I honestly think like Brian was, 'cause they was trying to, they was really trying to put us on tour together. So Ron was trying to create something to make, to drive the traffic. But but nobody, you can't do it. Nobody telling us, you see what I'm saying? So he was taking a piss Saying they was Doing, we talk back really good. You know what Emini here. But y'all wouldn't say that when we was in the room. Nowhere. So that's the issue. We ain't doing that. How often do people bring up the, the Cisco fight. Fight? He spared that man Because Wait, wait, what happened Some in there So, But How you say up top?


I had to sun them. Had the sun. What was it about? It wasn't about nothing. It wasn't just messing around getting drunk. Yeah. Right. And it ended up getting, you know, they, And I guess he ended up getting serious play. He said he yeah, yeah, he was getting, he was actually I was chilling. Right. And I ain't, I ain't finna do all that be nasty but I know I wasn't the aggressor. Okay. But I wasn't with the bullshit either. Like, hey man, chill out and if you could, it's on the video. Right. Chill out if you can see. I'm like, yo man chill out. And he was trying to like, oh man I'm losing this. You're gonna lose me. He didn't throw that one. Say He spared him. He wasn't really doing them dirty. I like y'all gonna ask IA walk out.


I left ass in everybody himself. Both of me and Him was already gone. Already we gone. So y'all squash all, You know what though? You know quiet has just kept, we all the groups, some of them have had issues with us. Everybody straight up. I got respect for all of them. All of all Of them. So what is gonna be, what can we expect different from all original parts? Like where did that title come from? You And just for the record, y'all know they not bumping this in No trans disco. All original parts. Yo you stupid. I don, I don Dunno who made that up?


That's hilarious. Y'all gonna have to open this up Ion crazy. No doubt. That's too funny. Was bother you on that. I know. Yo my it just Ies the fact that since groups have been a thing right, they've all broken up. Right? Yeah. You know what Emini here and Jackson's broke up even, even the Jackson's broken, right? So you know, us being the one group who's never broken up, we wanted to kind of capitalize on that. That's why it's called all original parts. Love That. I remember when y'all made some of those classic records and do y'all know they were gonna be smashes as soon as you made it? Like when you made Let's Get Married or you made Promise, did y'all know like, oh this is going To be it. We did kind of. I ain't gonna lie like we did. You know, even when you look at songs like He Can't Love You, right?


Every song we ever put out, we understood what it should be doing. Like we understood the only reason to drop he came before Let's Get Married was 'cause he came sound it like nothing on the radio at the time we knew Let's Get Married was gonna be the biggest song. But we knew if you come a song like this, it sounds like nothing. It's gonna make that role for let's Geter even bigger and easy. And it did. You know what I'm saying? And it did, It did. We kind have been let Get Married's gonna be that legacy song that when y'all go, your kids go, your kids kids Going to Johnny, This man was mad that we dropped, he can't love You first. He drop, we Here, let's get married. It just did something to you. You know what I'm saying? I'm like, what serious mad at us And the record label y'all want drop this off, let's get, But that's why I never put my opinion on a record like that again.


You know what I'm saying? Because at the end of the day, I knew he Can't Love You was super dope. It was a smash. But let's get married. And I'm, you know, again, I'm one of them anxious guys. You know what Emini here, lemme say something. It's, it's the setup. It's about the setup. Yeah. Right. Absolutely. And promise. Brandon, you wrote that for Batavia, huh? No, For I wrote it for me for, for me She say different Emini here. He said I wrote it for Me because I I've been feeling this question since she did that interview. Listen, we are a, we are a team song. We're a songwriting team. Right? I gotcha. No matter what my piece of the song may be about that don't, that don't mean the whole song Is about that. You know what I'm saying? Because I think when you are a songwriter, it's not always an exact story.


Sometimes it's pieces of a story that you're turning into one story. Right? So yeah, there was a piece in there about the time. Yeah. Okay. Absolutely. Alright, we got more with Jagged Edge when we come back. It's The Breakfast Club. Good morning. Morning everybody. It's DJ Envy. Jess. Hilarious. Charlemagne the guy. We are The Breakfast Club but Lauren is with us as well. We're still kicking it with Jagged Edge Now I feel like nowadays brothers don't beg for the vagina though. They Don't. We never did. Girls don't make 'em. There you go. The girls don't make Them. It's not even that they don't, it's that the girls don't make them no more. Back In he can't level Was foreplay. He was outside her house. Real Play back then, you know, you had to lead up and just like, you know, go take about a hour and a half Work.


You was like hell pressed to not let it go. So it's a lot different now. I think that's, you know, it's too much homeboy love out there man. Like it's all good to have your it's love homeboy love. You're Damn right the music be about the guys loving their Homies Emini here Necessary. Like you need your team, right? That's a necessary thing but you don't wanna put too much attention there. And then your girl feeling some type of come on Emini here, you see Emini here, but you sit in the club Emini here, VIP section full of girls are like back in the day used to be. You See like everything because because like sometimes I see them talking and they be like, man, I'm gonna kill these when I hit the streets.


And then we used to be like, I'm gonna kill them S Right. That's right. Totally Different that how y'all used to dress back in the day. Hey, they used to dress like Original. When you think of like a r and b group, you know it is nice and you suit silk and all that. Silk shirts open, You know, you see the of me coming, the store used To dress like they about to shoot a th game like some thug love type. I used to love seeing outfits in video videos. Like, Alright, now you got into a car accident. We broke your neck. Well I was in two, two car accidents inside of like nine months. Absolutely. Damn.


The first one I just broke my leg in two places. I had some wrist contusions and a knot on my head. And in the second one, what Happened in the car? Did you fall asleep Or Cut you off? No, I was coming down the street. Right. You know how Atlanta we got all those, you know, do a u-turn to turn. So I'm coming this way. There's a car sitting right here And I, and I'm And I, I'm knowing he see me, I see him and as I get this close then he wants to turn. So even though I stopped my brakes as hard as I could, I still hit him. He was at fault. Like I said, just tow my car up, tow me up. But the next one was really, that's what really messed me up. Got Jackknife t the called a T-bone, T-One somebody right in the middle of your car. I was sitting down a light in that, on that accident.


I'm sitting at a light, right? And I hear these shots ring out. Next thing you know, I guess the person who got hit, he lost control of his vehicle and he, he just swerved right into my vehicle. Mm. On the driver's side. His side. Yeah. I broke my neck. Jesus. I had five broken ribs on this side, one on this side. I got a scalp laceration right here. A lot. It was a lot.


The World is constantly changing. It's up to you to decide how to respond. Choose to be bold to try something new. Choose to reinvent yourself. That's what Nissan did with the all new totally reimagined kicks. The dynamic new exterior styling immediately announces that Nissan isn't messing around the interior. A completely redesigned cabin with premium features like wireless Apple call play and a panoramic moonroof make driving a kicks immersive and exciting. And with new performance and safety features like intelligent all-wheel drive, the kicks is both fun and safer to drive than ever before. It is the dawning of a brand new era for the knee Nissan Kicks only one question remains. Is it a new error for you as well? Drive the all new Reimagined Nissan Kicks today. Available Features compatible device service and consumer activation of Nissan Connect Services. Package required use only when safe and legal subject to third party service availability. For more information, see Nissan usa.com/connect/legal Apple CarPlay. A trademark of Apple Link Intelligent all wheel drive cannot prevent collisions or provide enhanced traction in all conditions. Always monitor traffic and weather conditions.


Hey fam, if you're like me, you are thinking about how to level up in your career. Maybe you're fresh out of college just starting in your field or even looking to switch things up and find your true calling. Whatever stage you're in, remember that this is your time to grow, to learn, and to build something that lasts. State Farm understands that early career development is key to long-term success. They've been a steady presence in our communities and they know that having the right support early on can make all the difference. State Farm is there to help you make smart moves and to help you get the coverage you need. We all know that the journey to success is a marathon, not a sprint. It's about staying focused, staying grounded, and making sure you're protected every step of the way. Let's build our careers with confidence knowing that State Farm is there to support us just like they've always been because like a good neighbor, a State Farm is there. Find out more at State Farm dot com.


American Public University understands the challenges of balancing education with a busy ever changing life. Whether you're part of a military family managing PCS moves or a working professional juggling career and family, A PU offers the flexibility you need to succeed. Deliver online APUS programs make it possible to learn wherever life takes you. And courses are offered in eight and 16 week formats with monthly start dates so you can begin when it's convenient and progress at a pace that's comfortable for you. A PU is committed to making education affordable for everyone. For active duty, military and their families. The preferred military rate is just 250 per credit hour. Veterans and their families can benefit from the Veteran grant, which provides 10% off undergrad and master's levels tuition. And for everyone else, the Opportunity Grant offers the same 10% tuition savings, making higher education within reach for all. Visit ap.ap.edu/military to learn more American public university education that moves with you.


Hi, I'm Arturo Castro and I've been lucky enough to do stuff like Broad City and Narcos and Roadhouse and so many commercials about back pain. And now I'm starting a podcast because honestly guys, I don't feel the space is crowded enough. Get Ready for Greatest Escapes a new comedy podcast about the wildest true escape stories in history. Each week I'll be sitting down with some of the most hilarious actors and writers and comedians to tell 'em a buck wild tale from across history and time. People like Ed Helms, Diana Guerrero, Joseph Gordon Levitt and Soy, Chao Titanic, Charles Manson, Alcatraz Asada Shakur, a sketchy guy named Steve. It's giving funny true crime. I love Storytelling And I love you so I can't wait. Listen and subscribe to Greatest Escapes on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts.


With that one, I know it was pretty emotional for, I saw you on Tamara Hall when you talked about it. You got emotional for the rest of you guys when you all heard about the second car accident. Like what were you guys reactions and like kind of what was that like for y'all as well? I was, I was, I was scared 'cause I didn't know what to, you know what I'm saying? And I'm gonna keep it real. I don I don't have my license, but don't worry about that. This man never had a license. But, But Emini here, you know, my wife was like, you know, once I heard her I'm like, babe, I I gotta get outta here.


I'm damn near falling down the steps to get in. My Uber showed up and, but in my mind I'm, I'm just praying. I'm like, Lord, please don't come Emini here. It's, it's such a cliche, like I say to hear about artists plane accident. Yeah, motorcycle accident, car wreck. So I'm like, and then it's like this the second one, you know, and so we got up in, when I got there, 'cause I know the other guys are showing up. I seen him and I was like, okay, okay. He's not what It's still him. He ain't, it's still him Because he wanted to take Nick brace off. Right. Like I take his, I my good he, I'm like, he good. He was in pain though, you know what I'm saying? And like for me, you know, it was the worst day of my life.


I ain't gonna lie to you because the way I heard the call, somebody told me, first they told me he got shot 'cause they heard the gunshots, right? They said he got shot, then he got hit. So, you know, this is my guy. You know what Emini here like Yeah. You know what Emini here, I can't talk about it either. But again, trying to tell you, And for me, I'm Emini here, you know, again, I'm, I'm gonna always say this man, A family that pray together stays together. You know what Emini here. So I immediately just dropped on my knees man and sent one up. You know what Emini here, God fix this. Yeah. You know what I'm saying? That's all. Leave them, put it in your hands. Right. Did all praise the most. And did he Did, do you look at life differently as a group and just people because, and that has to change the way you look and the way you move.


Absolutely. Absolutely. When you say goodbye to your, your girl and your wife And your kids, It has to change all of that. All of us. You just never know when it's that time. And thank God it wasn't man. Hey Ben, lemme tell you something man. We, we so blessed to be here. You gotta think like 15, we met each other at 15. You know we had our little fights and gripes, but we understood the, the mission and that's to keep God first stay together first again after that. And we love what we do, but we love each other. There you go. And we knew our mission was, like you said, a lot of songs back then r and b was a little soft. It was still good songs but still it was kind of soft. And then you had some that was kind of freaky. And so we definitely came up with the concept of where we wanna speak on the behalf of brothers.


Like DJ Envy, jagged Edge, you wear Tim Balls, we wear Jordans. You know what I'm saying? We know. We just not throwing 'em the suit be more relatable man. Right. And be more relatable about hey I'm hurt. You hurt me baby. Right. And we need to talk about this, you know, or I promise to stay there with you. Although, you know, you may be going, I want learn what I need to do better. So Absolutely. We knew that the message was more powerful coming from something real. Right. Instead of something that the label or the audience kind of expect. Right? No, no. It's a little deeper than that. Yeah. You know, music has a message behind it. Yeah. I'm super glad of the route we, we took, man we never wanted, wanted to exclude anybody from, from my music or exclude, you know what Emini here like exclude this certain sale to this certain I block or this certain type of people.


You know what Emini here, one thing about we all have in common is we have loved somebody or wanted to love somebody. You know what? Emini here and that's a Universal language for us. You know what Emini here love. So that's what we gonna promote. Yeah. Y'all got some, some songs that people love that I don't know y'all gonna be able to do on the tour or not. Like The Nasty Girl, the trade it all. No, no. See no. There you go. I got songs and if I come I just need to know like do that Thing. I love all music. Now you took The words right outta my mouth. We've got like a lot of, a bunch of new records on Chip Okay. Along with what we are. But that's not what she was alluded to. I I know And I know what she was alluded to saying. Yeah. Emini here. I I'm asking the question because I think, you know, people are, I know for me if I come out into midnight with, with you guys, I do wanna hear re dool is my song.


Nasty Girl is my song. Like Let me Just say this too, right Diddy, that's, you know, that's my brother. That's our brother. Like we've had a good relationship with. I can't speak on nobody else's. You know it ain't my business. Right, right. But at the end of day I can only deal with my interactions with the man and it wasn't nothing like you and I'm talking about plenty of 'em after being around him 30, 40 times. I never seen nothing that offended me. He's never offended me. Right. He always made sure if we was in his space we felt welcome. Absolutely. Right. And like I said, all the other things that other people talk, they can have that right. No, I had an uncle went to jail for 11 years. Lemme shout out. My uncle Larry. Uncle Larry. I had an uncle went to jail for 11 years. He was always still just my uncle Larry didn't change to the point where he's some different guy 'cause he did some, some messed up stuff.


Right. He's still my uncle Larry. And it's the same with Diddy to me at this point, you know, I don't know if, if he's innocent, if he's guilty, but that's my brother and that's, that's all I can say about him. Pray for him man. Pray for him. Pray. Damn. Right. But I do want to ask Trade it all. Were y'all surprised he called y'all and not Him And not one 12? Not one 12. Listen, One 12. I'm pissed off that Really its jazz. We got more songs with him than they do. Right. We got like three, four songs bro. You know what I'm saying? So it's Like, that's why he said the cheer leading and the rah rah Mad that off to the bottom of it. The album. Definitely pick it up right now and we appreciate you guys for When the tour start.


March 26th. 26th. 20 March 26th in Dallas. Well ladies and gentlemen, there you have it. It is Jagged Edge, it's The Breakfast Club. Good morning. Just with the messes up. Next Music is real. Jessica Robin Moore. Just don't do no lying. Don't do lie. She don't spell nobody Worldwide. Jess Worldwide Mess on The Breakfast Club. She's a culture shooter. She Was able to get y'all to see something and understand something that nobody could get you to See. It's time to set it all. Okay Lawrence, so real quick, what is the difference between this doc, this documentary that Diddy is suing for and then the other ones?


Because we can say, yo, if you're gonna sue one network, Sue all of them because it's about nine documentaries out about you. But what, what is it specifically about this one? So the Diddy documentary that we were talking about in the last hour, that question came up in the room. And so I had someone that reached out to me to clarify some things because they, they listened to us live. So shout out to my source and what they pointed to was that, so all the other documentaries like y'all, I don't know how many you guys have watched, but I watched a couple of them. A lot of them, especially like the TMZ ones or whatever, they lean heavily on like the legal filings, like the like the actual docs. And that protects you to a certain extent because someone has put these things on record with the court and you report it according to Docs in this specific documentary, what they're saying is that they leaned into stuff like I'll be s sure saying specifically that Puff was responsible for Kim Porter's murder.


That Puff was responsible for him being in the hospital during that time when he had all that stuff happening. They talked about Ariel Mitchell also alluding to Kim Porter being killed by Puff. So basically what they're, and they, they also bring in Jaguar, right? And basically what they're saying is because these people, Jesus and these claims are so like far left and they can't be backed up by anything. Can't be proven. Yeah. This is kind of like a easier, this could be an easy win for Puff because the network is gonna look at this stuff and say okay, how do you prove that? How do you prove that What Al be sure is saying you put him on his platform to say it's real and all the other people. So from, so if He gets that money then he'll be able to use it to his legal fees. But you know, we all know that the defamation is one of the hardest things prove hard, especially when you are a public figure.


Yes. So, you know, once again I stand on the fact, 'cause I know that's probably Diddy's team reaching out to Lauren. I stand on the fact that this is a waste of time and energy because you should be focusing on, on focusing that time and energy on your legal case. They probably hoping that they settle out. But I I was about to say I don, I don know Confused. They say allegedly though, like when they're telling their story do they say allegedly or they telling the story like it's factual. I don't remember the exact word for word, but I think even, even people think when you say allegedly it's like a bulletproof shield. It's, it's not like you can still, if you, those things that they lean into on a platform like that, if they can prove any harm, you know what Emini Here and was done in Mal. Exactly. There's no protection for public figures. It like at all. Defamation is one of the hardest things to prove.


Like no, I don't mean I don't know. Well yeah, so that's, I'm I'm sure they hoping that they settle out. I just wanted to add that little bit in there 'cause I know we left it off. Yeah, kinda hanging And I wanted to add that. Yeah, I'm, I'm, I'm sure they hope that they, you know, settle out so that way they don't have to go through the process of he settling, you know, suing one thing for a hundred million. He's hoping that maybe they cut a check for five. You know what Emini here so they don't have to go through the process. Procedure maybe. I don't know. We'll see. Moving forward to Drake. Yeah, Drake. Right. We been talking about Drake a lot recently. Girl, We talking about Diddy, Drake and Ken, all them three a lot and Kendrick. Yes. So yeah, yesterday Drake dropped a presale for sexy songs for you, which is the collaboration album that he's doing with Party Next Door. Oh that's what that was.


Yeah, but he dropped a presale from the OVO website. So when I saw it I was like oh shoot, is Drake pulling his like Kanye Vultures? Like I don't need the industry. The industry need me straight to consumer, direct to consumer. Oh I thought it was because UMG won't put his music out while there's a lawsuit going. And I thought the screaming platforms won't put his music out while The is going is aren't they? But contractually aren't they supposed to though Emini here if that's what, because in the contract they still have to Emini here not in The middle of a lawsuit. You, I would say they don't have to put it out, but if he chose like I don't know what the conversations behind the scenes are. Well, And I will say, I was trying to figure out and confirm whether this is going direct to consumer or not fully or was it just a presale envy. I It's gonna be on DSPs as well. So it will be, you can be able to stream it and all that as well.


But it it gonna Be through you MG though? No, allegedly it won't be through Universal. That still Okay. Yeah. So Emini here. I I I guess that's still to our point then like, So if it goes out on DSPs and it's not through Universal, will Universal be able to take it down Maybe through Sony, maybe through another distribution place? Yeah, UMG be able to take it down. How Though? 'cause his deal. 'cause he has a whole deal for OVO with Sony. Maybe another distribution place like Sony Maybe or won UMG be able to take it down. No, not if, think about it. If you got a deal over here with Sony and you release music over here, how would Can Drake have another Drake can't have another deal somewhere. How I can drink, Doesn't OVO have a situation with Sony? I remember that OVO has another situation. Yeah, But Drake's is Drake signed to OVO?


I don't know, I'm just asking questions. But how can they stop that? That's like him gonna doing a feature and they pull the, the feature down. Like if he go do something with Khaled or whoever right now Drake, They can do that though. Drake Clear Is the music Drake Clears is on music, but I'm assuming that it won't be through Universal but maybe the assumption will be through Sony. Well basically what I'm trying to say is, is that, let me Ask somebody at Universal, I got sources Too. Yeah, please ask because no, because all of the fans I sources Too. All of the fans, like when they saw this, they were excited. But I think even Eli Height, Eli in here, OYO Eli, he brought the presale, he don't know nothing. He's ahoe, he's the, he's the definition of a, When I say he was so excited And I was asking him, I'm like so when you buy it, what happens? And they send you an email just like you, you checking out on the website. I Don't listen to Eli. Eli got OVO Timbalands. Okay. I ain't even know they made O Timber.


They got fur inside. That's what I'm saying. Why are we listening to him? He got on Apple bottom Timberlands with the fur. Don't Even make those things. Apple bottom Timberlands is crazy. Well and speaking about Them, about Apple bottom. Well go ahead. Go ahead. Stick stickers. Yes. Why do you smile like that Jeff? Because we Ken thick them jeans sold out. Remember we was talking about the jeans, people done been out there buying them boot cut jeans because of Ken Thick. I know that's right. But the Super Bowl though has also, people are still reviewing it and Y'all I bought up pair for Bay. For Who be The Celine. Your wife bought a pair Lene Who clue you? Oh yeah, I'm not your be shout out to Clue. Shout, shout out to dj. You He was in here. He was in here looking at looking at them photos crazy when Kendrick had them jeans on too.


Maybe that's why he wanted you get Charlamagne was Definitely looking at them photos he was to 'em. That's why he got Wax yesterday. So wait, so yesterday Kai not 'cause he was at the Super Bowl, he dropped his review of the Super Bowl and he was, I was surprised how honest he was, but it's kind of sparked a little backlash. Let's take a listen. Oh my God. They add sound effects to this, to the NFL on my, alright, so right here there was no sound. I just heard crowd sounds. Oh my life right here, there was no sounds. They add crowd effects. I did not know that I was there. The the loudest times that they made at the loudest time that the crowds did was I think him being shown for the first time Csor Samuel Jackson being shown for the first time and then did not like us. But one thing I will say though, although the vibes was not good, bro, they, they, they were just not the performance like, like up until they're not like us.


But what I will say is the symbolism behind that performance will stop tear. Why are you shocked by that? Like why are you shocked by him being honest? Because I feel like a lot of times when people get to the point where he's at, they try and play favorites. So to get on there and tell the truth like that, if that, if that's what he saw, Got Kai got there by doing exactly what he's doing right there by giving reviews. I agree. But mo you, when people get to That point, I don little confused about it though. Why Was you confused? I was A little confused about it though. Like, 'cause it was just, you know, that's an example of like, when you just see a clip of something, I'm like, all right, what, what is he doing this for? Like what what is this? Like, is, you know what I'm saying? It was just like a little in My and giving his opinion just like you knew Was messy.


Yeah, that all right. And I'm giving my opinion about his opinion. I'm thinking, I thought like at first when I saw it, I thought it was a little messy. Like what you mean? Like Why is that messy? Clearly because clearly if I said at first nigga, damn at first I thought it was messy because of how it, how he had said it. Like, oh, the crowd was quiet here. They was not effing with the performance at all. Like it was, and then he came back and he said like, oh, I know it was was So You thought he was just, just dragging him real Grade? Yeah. I thought he was just dragging him. What you mean that's what sound Right? I think giving your opinion because of some place you was at in, in talking about what you observed is not messy in no way, shape or form. Well the TDE Manager Yeah, I I guarantee you I I guarantee you I can do that And I can make it messy.


Like it's ways that you can do that you know About something. You know why making it messy. It's ways that you do That. You know why? Because you are messy. Why? And you package it and it's called just with the mess. Okay. Even one of not being, I still can make Real Yeah. Period. But yeah, at first I did but then I'm like all right, whatever. But they said it came from someplace else. Right? Didn't TDE say that felt like it came through something else? Yeah. Well there there's been. Yeah. So they, TDE manager Hollywood spoke out and said that he was up. That he basically feels like Kai is just upset because he get, he couldn't get into the, the suite that they, that TDE had at the Super Bowl or whatever. So they basically are trying to say like either somebody's pushing him to say this stuff or he's upset 'cause he couldn't get Into a suite.


Why can't people just have an opinion? Art is subjective. Everybody's going to have different opinions about people art. Some people love to performance, some people didn't like to performance. Some people don't even care. That's just The World we live. Yeah. And look, and and for the record, when you ain't effing with something, you booing it. You understand what I'm saying? You ain't quiet. They was quiet. Quiet is better than booing. Understand that that is true. They don't, if they don't eff with it. All right, we listening. Okay. 'cause we don't really know this, we don't, we don't know nothing of this music looking forward because to knowing everything at Super Bowl is usually like a party, like a concert. Cool. We don't know this so we quiet And clearly Kendrick did a lot, a lot of things right? 'cause he's got the number one album in the country this week. So 230,000 copies. Those are first week numbers.


He's gonna have I think three of the three of the, the number one, two, and three song in the country this week. Like he won Strange Going crazy. And he sold out the apple bottom jeans. Boots with the F. Yeah, exactly. He Won. Wrapping up y'all Hip hop Took over Super Bowl and that was just with the mess. That's right. Charlamagne, we give that donkey Too, man. Four after the hour there's a teacher in Louisiana that need to get beat up. We'll discuss. Jesus. All right, we'll get to that Next. It's The Breakfast Club. Good morning, You are chicken out The Breakfast Club. I was born a donkey. It's the donkey of the devil. The donkey of the day. That's pretty funny. Charlamagne the devil.


It's possible. The Breakfast Club. Yes. Donkey. Today for Thursday, February 13th goes to the administration at Rollins Place Elementary School in Zachary, Louisiana. I wish I knew the teacher's name. I wish they released the teacher's name. I don't know why we protect people who do harm the children. Yes. This teacher at Rollins Place elementary school mentally and emotionally harm the child. I first want to send positive energy, love, and light to Jamia, Augustine and Louisiana dropping a loose bombs for her. Okay. I'm so sorry that your 6-year-old had to deal with a lame ass teacher. And it's yet another reason why I think that if you can homeschool your kids do it. Okay. My oldest homeschools rights now, she homeschools right now because she wants to.


And we are just in an era where these teachers, they just don't care like they used to. I'm not saying all of y'all, okay, there are still some great teachers out there, but as the son of a public school teacher, I understand the empathy, empathy and care one must have for kids in order to be a teacher. And a lot of y'all just don't have it. Okay? Do we understand? We drop our most precious gift off to strangers every day. We entrust our hearts outside of our bodies. These souls that God used us to bring into The World. We drop them off every day for hours at a time with people we don't even really know. Okay? Yeah, we know the teacher's names but we don't know what type of time they really on. And that's why I have so much love for teachers who actually care because they don't have to.


But if you are going to be in that position as a teacher, you have to. Okay? It's an act of public service. And this teacher at Rollins Place Elementary School, you failed. All right? Who's grading you? Because you need to be left behind for what you made this 6-year-old child do. What's the news network. Eddie. W-A-F-B-A-M-T-A-F-B-A-F-B as in boy. Let's go to WAFB for the report please. Jamia Augustine is fuming with frustration after adults forced her 6-year-old daughter to clean up feces. Following a potty accident in class, Augustine recalls filling out forms for no dairy despite the food allergy. Her daughter consumed milk at school for breakfast after drinking the milk and multiple trips to the bathroom.


Augustine's daughter defecated on herself while in class. Augustine's Fury came when she recalls her daughter answering questions about what unfolded and the lesson they were trying to teach her child after having a reaction to something she's allergic to. You Sent a janitor in with the proper equipment to clean up. But a 6-year-old kid, you're gonna make her clean up poop without gloves or anything. But besides that, it's just disgraceful. It shouldn't be going on in our school. It shouldn't have never happened. Augustine says again, when she enrolled her daughter in the school, she submitted doctor's notes about the dairy allergy. Augustine tells us she met with the school system to make sure they stand by what they say they're going to do. Hey man, that teacher should have got beat up.


All right? There's so much about this story that triggers me. Number one, I have four beautiful daughters. One is six right now. Number two, I am lactose intolerant. All right? I feel this young girl's pain when it comes to dairy. I don't even like looking at cows. Okay? I totally understand why the Chick-fil-A cow has been on a campaign for years to get people to consume more chicken. I can't do red meat because of my high cholesterol. And I can't drink milk or consume any dairy products because it gives me the Hershey squirts. Okay? Imagine when it's not much ketchup left in the bottle. So you squeezing it and it's coming out and squirts and it sounds like the bottle farting. You know what I'm talking about? We get it. We get it. Yeah. I can't do ice cream, milk cheese if I do any of that cold brown. All right? Back door. Sprint bubble guts runs when you walking up the ladder and you're hearing something splatter.


Diarrhea. Diarrhea. So yes, I feel this young lady's pain and what I don't understand and why violence is often necessary. This mother Jamia Augustine told the school her daughter had a dare, a dairy allergy. They didn't listen. This young girl kept having to go to the bathroom, okay? 'cause she drank some milk in the morning when she wasn't supposed to. If you a teacher and you an adult period, you know something about lactose intolerance, right? If you know anything about lactose intolerance, then you know this little girl wasn't playing. There is no such thing as telling a a kid she's going to the bathroom too much when she has diarrhea. She couldn't control her bowels. But instead of having empathy and caring and being there for this young lady, you decided to tell her no enough is enough.


And she ended up pooping all over herself. Kids are cruel. They will tease her relentlessly for this. Okay? And then you decided to make up, make her clean up her own feces. Feces without gloves because you wanted to teach her a lesson. Nah, we got a squabble. We we got the squabble Isha. Her mother should have came in that classroom and knocked, knocked everything off your desk. Okay? There's all of this one right arm just, just for dramatic effect. And then she should have knocked your head off. Okay? You got a husband, that little girl daddy should find him and beat him up too. No, no, no, no. You made my daughter clean up her own backdoor brownies with her bad hands. We all gotta fight. Tag team back again.


All right? Me and my wife against you and your husband. There is no way this woman can consider herself a good teacher. And if you are making your own daughter do things like this and you not even a good parent, it was an accident. The young girl was experiencing something she couldn't control. And that something is diarrhea. How about let me make you a large McFlurry with Ex-Lax, then make you drink some coffee, then make you take a shot of Hennessy, okay? That's always been a laxer for me. I even make you eat some Mexican cuisine, okay? I make you do all that. And then let me prevent you from going to the bathroom. Now what? Lemme tell you something, teachers, there's a good lesson to learn from Dr. Seuss. Okay? The Lorax.


Unless someone like you cares a whole awful lot, nothing is going to get better. It's not, you have to start caring about these kids. Please give Roland's place. Elementary school and Zachary, Louisiana the biggest sea hall. A person like that shouldn't even be teaching though. That ain't funny. I'm not even joking. Honestly. Because you have to kids a 6-year-old about these children. You ain't let this little girl go to the bathroom knowing she got diarrhea knowing she lactose intolerant. And then you made her clean up feces with her bare hands. She not fit to be a teacher. It don't matter if she was 10, it Don't matter matter if she was 12, like no, hell no. I'm, I'm with you Charlamagne. Yeah, me and my wife. We gotta, we gotta go squabble up.


Squabble up. Then you call your mama and call your pops. 'cause now grandpa and grandma want to come and squabble up too. Like we, the whole family squabbling up. Oh yeah? Yeah. That's crazy. The could your a 6-year-old pick it up diarrhea? Nah, that ain't funny. How do you even Pick up diarrhea? I don't even like, No, you can't be, well can't it's liquid. Yeah, you gotta wipe it up with paper towels and tissue. You know what I'm saying? Oh my gosh. That's Why my baby is homeschooled now. I ain't got time. Your baby is what you mean? I ain't Tom about Molly, I'm Tombo Ashton. No. All right. You said my baby Ash the damn near grown ass Man. That's, I understand why you feel that way. They, They grow up fast in Baltimore. Molly, Molly 12 Right now. Molly 12.


First of all, she definitely is a big baby. Yeah, she definitely about to be six months. But yes, I, I can't, yo schools are just, that's, it's not it for me all. Well thank you for that donkey today. Up next Jess, fix my mess. 805 8 5 1 0 5 1. If you need relationship advice or any type of advice right now, Valentine's Day is tomorrow. So if you need some advice, call Jess right now and make sure you wish a happy birthday. 'cause today is Jesse's birthday. You got me fixed a mess on my birthday. Okay, that comes with a cash app on this day. So make sure you guys cash at me. I'll, I'll get, I got a few cash apps. I don, oh My goodness. 800. I'll give you all the cash app. Five eight five one oh five one. Call just now is The Breakfast Club. Good morning, The Breakfast Club.


Ask about me Relationship problems. Ask about me. You Need to beat your coworker's ass. Ask about me. Your coworker need to beat your ass. Call it up. Thank Dr Jess, I'm here to fix your mess. It's getting very much messy. Let me fix it. Morning everybody. It's DJ Envy Jess. Hilarious. Charlamagne the guy. We are The Breakfast Club. It's time for Jess. Fix my me. Hello. Who's this? Yes, this is Omo from Wilmington. What's up brother? What's your question for Jess? So Jess, well first off, happy birthday Jess.


Good morning sole. God, The World is constantly changing. It's up to you to decide how to respond. Choose to be bold to try something new. Choose to reinvent yourself. That's what Nissan did with the all new totally reimagined kicks. The dynamic new exterior styling immediately announces that Nissan isn't messing around the interior. A completely redesigned cabin with premium features like wireless Apple call play and a panoramic moonroof make driving a kicks immersive and exciting. And with new performance and safety features, like intelligent all wheel drive, the kicks is both fun and safer to drive than ever before. It is the dawning of a brand new era for the Nissan Kicks. Only one question remains. Is it a new era for you as well? Drive the all new Reimagined Nissan Kicks today. Available Features compatible device service and consumer activation of Nissan Connect Services. Package required use only when safe and legal subject to third party service availability. For more information, see Nissan usa.com/connect/legal. Apple CarPlay is a trademark of Apple Link Intelligent all wheel drive cannot prevent collisions or provide, provide enhanced traction in all conditions. Always monitor traffic and weather conditions.


Hey fam, if you're like me, you are thinking about how to level up in your career. Maybe you're fresh out of college, just starting in your field or even looking to switch things up and find your true calling. Whatever stage you're in, remember that this is your time to grow, to learn, and to build something that lasts. State Farm understands that early career development is key to long-term success. They've been a steady presence in our communities and they know that having the right support early on can make all the difference. State Farm is there to help you make smart moves and to help you get the coverage you need. We all know that the journey to success is a marathon, not a sprint. It's about staying focused, staying grounded, and making sure you're protected every step of the way. Let's build our careers with confidence knowing that State Farm is there to support us just like they've always been because like a good neighbor, a State Farm is there. Find out more at State Farm dot com.


American Public University understands the challenges of balancing education with a busy ever changing life. Whether you're part of a military family managing PCS moves or a working professional juggling career and family, A PU offers the flexibility you need to succeed. Deliver online APUS programs make it possible to learn wherever life takes you. And courses are offered in eight and 16 week formats with monthly start dates so you can begin when it's convenient and progress at a pace that's comfortable for you. A PU is committed to making education affordable for everyone. For active duty, military and their families, the preferred military rate is just 250 per credit hour. Veterans and their families can benefit from the Veteran grant, which provides 10% off undergrad and master's levels tuition. And for everyone else, the Opportunity Grant offers the same 10% tuition savings, making higher education within reach for all. Visit ap.aps.edu/military to learn more American public university education that moves with you.


Hi, I'm Arturo Castro and I've been lucky enough to do stuff like Broad City and Narcos and Roadhouse and so many commercials about back pain. And now I'm starting a podcast because honestly guys, I don't feel the space is crowded enough. Get Ready for Greatest Escapes, a new comedy podcast about the wildest true escape stories in history. Each week I'll be sitting down with some of the most hilarious actors and writers and comedians to tell 'em a buck wild tale from across history and time. People like Ed Helms, Diane Guerrero, Joseph Gordon Levitt and Soy Chow Titanic, Charles Manson, Alcatraz, ADA Shakur, a sketchy guy named Steve. It's giving funny, true crime. I love storytelling And I love you. So I can't wait. Listen and subscribe to Greatest Escapes on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts.


Good morning. I appreciate y'all having me. So I am a single father. I have sole custody of both of my oldest daughters. I'm pretty much doing it by myself. But when it comes to my oldest, she's 10. She thinks that, you know, right now we believe that she has a abandon issues 'cause her mother's not in the picture, but it's like, I don't know what to do to try to fix the behavior. She's lashing out at school, she's lashing out at home, she's not wanting to listen. She thinks that she can make her own decision. You know, she tells me all the time that I don't have, you know, the emotions to deal with her, but it's like I just don't know how to even, like, it's either I'm, I'm strong in a father figure or do I try to replace that mother figure.


Yeah. So what, what are her problems? Like what is she doing? How is she acting now? She's not listening back talking when it comes to school. She honestly believes that she knows more than the future. And when it comes to other students, other kids, you know, she's, you know, she's strong-willed, she's very smart. So she knows, Feel like she needs to talk to somebody. You know what Emini here and, and maybe her mother therapy, somebody that can connect with her like another woman, you know, maybe she would benefit from having a female therapist. You know what Emini here, like just somebody to talk to because maybe she feels like you are unequipped because you are her dad and because you know you are, you know, the man of the house and she, so she's not your only kid.


You said you got two older daughters? Yes ma'am. I have, I have a 10-year-old and a 9-year-old that I have custody with. Yeah. And it's okay if you don't know what to do. You understand what I'm saying? Like if, if you don't know, how long has her mother not been there Going on three years now? Mother just left the state. We went back up north. Okay. And, and see like just got Involved in Yeah. Yeah. Okay. So you, I understand you don't even need to, you know. So her mother just basically left, you know what Emini here, that was when she was around seven. I'm assuming you said she was 10. She's 10 now? Yes ma'am. She's got 10, 11. Yeah. Yeah. So the last time She saw I'm left when she was eight. Yeah, seven or eight. You know her, she's not even her, she was not even mentally developed enough to realize either why her mother left, what she probably blames herself.


It could be a host of things. You know what Emini here like, and it's okay for you to not know what's going on. You just need to move forward with what type of help you could get for her. What do you need? What let, what do you need? You know what, Emini here, and it still has to be boundaries established there. You know, she's not supposed to disrespect her dad, you know, not supposed to, you know. But at the end of the day, we don't know what she going through in her mind. So I think she would benefit from talking to a therapist. You know what, Emini here, like a, a female therapist for sure. And I will tell you that I have that in place. They come to my house three times a week. Okay. How long has they, has she been a therapist For about a year and a half now.


Mm. And so it's, it's just, it's not helping. I'm doing my best. Yeah. Yeah. But I just, I sometimes I just don't know what to do. Yeah. And, and that's okay. You're transparent. Being transparent enough, that's fine. It's, it's all types of daddy groups that you can get in. Somebody feels your pain. You're not the only dad going through this. Maybe that therapist ain't the one for her, you know, you ain't supposed to just stop at one. Maybe that's not the right person for her. I understand that she has therapy, but you don't just stop there. You need to find, you know, the right person for her. And then with her being so young, it might take a long, a long time before she finds somebody. She actually is like, makes her feel safe enough to open up about what she going through.


You feel me? I understand. I get it. Don't give up though. You know, change therapy or I can't figure it out. I'm all she got so, and, And I wasn't raised like that. Yep. Keep that in mind. Y'all gonna be all right. Y'all gonna be all right. I appreciate it. Thank you. Alright brother. No problem. Good luck. Just fix my mess. 805 8 5 1 0 5 1. It's The Breakfast Club. Good morning. Me baby. It's the real deal. Help me, help me. Oh my God. I'm all up in your mess. I'm gonna fix it. Fix it, fix it, fix it. Just go fix your mess. 'cause my advice is real Morning everybody, it's DJ Envy. Just hilarious. Charlamagne the guy. We are The Breakfast Club.


We are in the middle of Jess. Fix my mess. Hello? Who's this? This is Cook from Jersey. What's going on? What's up Cook? What's, what's your question for Jess? Hey Jess. So listen, right, I got $50. What can I get from Lady Valenti for Nothing? 'cause you about to cash at me. That 50 for helping your ass today on my birthday. Are You? Wait, wait, wait. What? Are you serious right Now? Nah, nah, nah. I'm joking. I'm joking with you. No. Okay, so you got $50 and you saying that you wanna be able to do something. You wanna be able to do something nice for her? Yeah. What does she like to do? Emini here, to be honest with you, I would keep that $50 in my pocket, shorty and just do something where you ain't got spin it. You can cook for, you can, y'all can make a movie. Y'all can watch a movie then y'all can make one Emini here, get spicy with it.


Switch it up. Right. The thing is she bought, she, she, she, she about to spin a bag on me. Oh yeah. You see my dilemma? Come on now. I'm in a pickle. Yeah, tell me what's the deal. I'm in a pickle. Okay, all right. Well yeah, Just because she About to spin just because she about to spin a bag on you don't mean that it has to be reciprocated. Now listen that I understand. People like to think like that relationships, oh my god, I spin the bag all year, you feel Me? Yeah, that's what I'm saying. It's okay. Like for this one day, don't get suited up over this one day. Let her spin a bag. Let her appreciate you for Valentine's Day, for what you do all year. You know what I'm saying? It's not only about the woman. Fuck that. Fuck yeah. It's, it's sorry. And when you, and when you get 50 more dollars, do something.


Do something with her. You know, baby, this is my last 50. Just You the best. You know what I'm saying? Just, just The best, the best. I know what you're saying. I dig it. I dig it Tomorrow about you King. Period. Thank you Queen. All right. All right. Good luck brother. Ju. Hello? Who's this? What's your question for Jess? It's T Mulah. What's up T Mulah, what's your question for Jess? What's Up? My question is, when does she plan on coming to New York to do another show? Because we waiting, last time I seen her was up on Fred. We ain't doing that Again. I said the same thing. I Know. No, we are not doing this. I Thought we was gonna do the Martin Lawrence thing, but you, you, you didn't do that one. I'm waiting for you to come to New York Too. No, I know I will be in New York. I ain't gonna lie. Come to Diman Jessica. We got through Indic. You go Whoa, whoa, whoa. Then she ain't going to Dikeman now.


Come on now she they want you to go uptown. They want you to go uptown. Okay. You're heavy. Don't be light skinned heavy. You supposed to be the homie. But I got you, you know, show in New York coming soon. Trust me. I got you. I know it's not sauce Shout. I need reorder tickets like the Beyonce joints all because I got pants out here. I got you. Alright man, I, oops damn. Just fixed my mess. 805 8 5 1 0 5 1. Now we got Jess with the mess coming up. What we talking about? Hell yeah. Gilly sat down and did Club shake shit. He said you ain't never catch him in no Rock Nation brunch being fake. All Right, we'll get into that. Next is The Breakfast Club. Good morning. The Breakfast Club Morning everybody. It's DJ Envy.


Just hilarious. Charlamagne the guy. We are The Breakfast Club. Let's get to just with the mess Music. Real Moore just don't do no lying. Don't nobody Just worldwide Batman on The Breakfast Club. She's a ship. She was able to get y'all to see something and understand something that nobody could get you to see. It's time to set it. All Right. So my man Gilly sat down with Shannon Sharp at club. She, she Lauren? Yes he did. And the clips are beginning to make the rounds. It was like over a two hour interview. It was really great. He talked about a ton of stuff, but one of the things that he talked about was the Rock Nation brunch and Jay-Z.


You know, there's been little, little issues there with them. So let's take a listen to that. How have you learned about the, the music industry? I learned that all of that is fake. All of it. That's why I don't go to no parties. They call us, right? They say, Gil, we want invite you to the Rock Nation brunch. I'm the this shit, why would I want to come? Why wouldn't you want to come? I said, the Rock Nation brunch ain't of nothing but Jay-Z putting a bunch of on the lawn and then going in the back door and saying, I told you I still run this. Give me the money. Wow. You think I'm letting a use my brand? They come to million dollars worth a game 'cause we moved a needle. I don't let nobody allow to use my brand. Don't even smile with you if you ain't worth 500 million no more.


Don't even smile. And they doors when a billionaires in the picture, look at all these broke ass on the law. Come on man. I ain't with none of that. I don't wanna party with you. I built a way for myself. Now Gilly, you, you guys know 'cause he talked about it when he was up here with Wallow a minute ago. That you know, him and Jay-Z had their issues because he feels like it was because Jay-Z didn't, he didn't sign a Jay-Z with the major figures group after that group or whatever. So he then talked about that. He talked about being blackballed by Jay-Z as well. So back in the day, Hove tried to sign my group. Major figures. It wasn't just Hove, it was Dame Dash, it was Rockefeller. Okay. I didn't feel as though that the contract was right, so I didn't accept it.


Jay and Dame came back with the offer. I didn't like the offer. I thought it was a slave deal. I thought we would have to sell a trillion records to make some money. So I turned it down and that was the situation. But what transpired after that? Emini here. Some things, you know, some things were said about making it difficult for, For you to, to be in this game, you know, but does that happen a lot? Yes. If you refuse to sign with someone, it's like, okay, you're done. You're n you're not gonna work in this in industry. It happens a lot in this game. It would be interesting to hear Jay-Z's side of the story on all of these, these stories we hear different people say about him on all of these podcasts and YouTube and everything else. I'm sure you'll never have 'cause Jay-Z only, So you'll never have not, it would be interesting one day, never Jay-Z never really respond Because there's always two sides of the story.


You only ever hear one from everybody. It would be interesting just to hear what, what he would have to say about This. And y'all know the internet gone internet, they wouldn't start grabbing photos from the Rock Nation brunch and put 'em side by side of like Jay-Z standing with like the people that you know are like the billionaires and then everybody else. And he's like smiling, not smiling. So they were running it down. What you about to say, Jess? Is this something that was, has been said like a lot About what Jay-Z smiling with the billionaires and not with the rest of the people or No Emini here. Just with where? Emini here to Charlamagne's point. Like with, you know, you said you wanna hear his side of the story and not like, you know and not Oh yeah, Gilleys told everybody else's. Yeah, Gilley's told the story before. But I'm just talking about not just Gilly, just everybody who, all the stories that people have. Somebody. It is Jay-Z news every day from somebody.


But If, why would you care if you were Jay at this point? Like why would you care? Yeah, that's true. Like why? I'm fine. I, I'm a billionaire. I got a wife and family. Like Why? But if he ever sits, if he ever sits down with the right interviewer, they're gonna ask him these questions. A hundred Percent. Now Gilly also got into some details around his son's murder. Let's take a listen. I just read, I saw about this 17-year-old basketball player, straight a student. Am I wrong? Gilly used to be like the athletes. They got protected, right? Nobody touched them. He from the block, he got out. They protected those guys. What Happened? That's who killed my Son. The 17th? Yeah, The 17-year-old basketball player that just got shot 17 times. Yes. That's who killed my son.


Really? Yes. Really? What was that about? It wasn't for my son. Your son happened to be there? Yes. Oh, the them blocks is beefing. They going through it. My son just so happened to pull up out there. Five minutes they come to shoot the block up. My son's not from that block. He don't, you feel what I'm saying? Yeah. He just so happened to be in the wrong place at the wrong time. That's a tragic story man. That kid was a student athlete by day and a, a alleged killer at night. Allegedly. Yeah. Now Gilly's son not home because of it. Like that's, I I don't know Man. Yeah and that one, that's the first time that you, I've heard Gilly directly even address those rumors that that basketball player was connected to his his Son.


Oh, those are rumors that that was something that was out there. Oh there were those were, if you listen to the whole context, I listened to the rest of what he was, I listened to it in context. He was saying that the police were about to make an arrest. So after he got killed, the police came to him and told him it was this kid and some other kids. Yeah, because the blocks were beefing. Yeah. And that it was online but like you didn't know for sure but Gilly just kind of like confirmed the conversation that was being had. But he also had some things to say about Miss Jess. Hilarious as well. Jess hilarious. Took a shot at your Gilly song. Oh what? Just say she was just at my, my my Airbnb yesterday too. Was she what she called it Corner that you eating chicken and licking your fingers in the video. That's basically it though. I Just say a lot of things that I thought Jess did was Courtney.


Oh There you go. There we go. Move. I love Justin O' so I'm not going to do that. I think Jess is hilarious. Why he can't lick his fingers in the video? Jess, You talking about the Chicken Man video? Yeah, that Was, That was so long ago That, but that was because when, when Quavo and Chris had, wasn't that what happened around that time Vy? When Quavo and Chris Yeah. Got into it or something? He was saying that I didn't he say it was something he was saying that he, nothing Happened. No, Chris about Something. Somebody showed you the Chicken Man video. You never damn well you ain't, yeah, no you the one that showed me the Chicken Man video. Man, you the one that gave me that.


And I was like, what? I showed you the Chicken Man video man talking about the Yes you did. He was like, he had a song called the Chicken Man and it was the video on YouTube he dropped and it was the funniest song I ever seen. So when I seen the video I'm like, oh this nigga really clucking, like Emini here. I didn't know really fucking so I that that's what that was. But nah, I love Gilly. Yes I was at his Airbnb but not like that y'all because you know how that's gonna send people going crazy. Oh no, no, no. Gilly is married homie and your man. Yeah, that's my homie. Wu and Gilly are both my brothers. And That's what I was gonna say. It's like, you know, you hear questions like that but you don't understand people is no context. That's fam right there, Emini here. You know what I'm saying? Absolutely. Yeah. Nothing but love for Gill and Walla. Always. Hundred Percent. Well next we got some Kanye mess.


I'm, I'm talking, talking about him. Why You talking about, that's why I even asked you to go there. Next was gonna stretch out Gilly. We we ahead? Yeah, well We you didn't have no more jokes. I was waiting for you to go back and say the chicken was fried or something. I don't Know. That's it. Nah, that, that's all I had about it. That's it. Well the only Reason Why, what, what's going on with Kanye? Oh, Does N know you on the damn radio? My sister? Yeah. My my sister knows I'm on. They're Throwing rose petals on Jess in her studio right now. I miss you Na because it is Jess's birthday and They're singing happy birthday to Jess. Have the We have a rich happy birthday song or something we can drop Yo Naya said later for yay. Happy birthday. Thank you Naya Happy. Thank you.


Na, thank you so much. Oh, Happy birthday Jess. We to do a shot. But you said you was out already last night. I know girl. I was bringing in. Yes I was. But are you about to tell us about him being dropped from a talent agency? I just didn't believe that he had an agency anyway that He had. No, I was gonna tell you how Agent, anyway, I'm like, that's crazy. Who would, who would have him as a client? It was Ty Dosign that dropped him after the talent agency. So Ty Dosign said he doesn't con condone any form of hate speech toward anybody, which was a big deal 'cause they just did that whole Vultures run together after Ye was allegedly canceled and Vultures was like his comeback after being canceled and him doing it on his own and not needing the people. And now Ty Dollarized saying, yo, leave me out of it. I don't know who all over there, but I don't wanna go.


Yeah, the most ridiculous thing about Kanye is he is not a victim in any way, shape or form. He has bought all of this on himself, But he keeps doing it And I don't understand why me neither. Like He's there. Not Nobody canceled today. It's not because Kanye got allegations. Nobody accused Kanye, everything. Kanye literally goes out of his way to antagonize Folks. I don't wanna say people forgot, but I people kind of for forgot like he was doing the bullies thing and they just let him be him. Well, but then all Of a sudden, first of all, dove right back about the Jewish community. They never forget you. Right. What you talking about? Yeah. I feel like they dove like he just dove right back in. There was no talk about it or nothing. It doesn't, it's like he's, it's like he's addicted to self-sabotage. Like you announced that you, you know, made what, a few million dollars in a day off your lines and you just come back and just start insulting these people for no damn reason against.


But like, it's like how far can I go until I am done for like, I I just feel like that's his mindset like yo how far really can I go? 'cause he already feel like he can do whatever he want. You feel me? Mm. You feel like he is like up there with God and him. You know what Emini here. Like he, so he's like, how far can I go? Let, let me see. He's not the Alone, It don't make no sense. But he just did a interview saying that Ty Do Side was the only artist that stood by me through all this. Yeah. And he was the only one that produced and broke with me. Didn't business no more. He sat down. The only one he got left now was like Justin Laboy. So that's right. Y he can get out. Relax. All right Jesus. Happy birthday Jess. Yeah. Happy birthday. Thank you Boo. Happy born day. Jessica Robin Moore. Drop a Bomb for Jess.


Alright, Big 33. There you go. That is Jess with the mess. Now when we come back we got the People's Choice Mix. You hit us up with your request. It's The Breakfast Club. Good morning, you are checking out The Breakfast Club. Morning everybody. It's DJ Envy. Just hilarious. Charlamagne the guy we are The Breakfast Club is Black History Month. What we doing? Man? Salute to my guy BDot. Every day during our black history month, BDot puts out a episode of, I Didn't Know, maybe you didn't either. And today is February 13th, 2025. It would've been the 67th birthday of B DOT's Mother Irene Palm. And so BDot wants to honor his mother for black history. Muff take it away. B dot. On today's episode, if I didn't know, maybe you didn't either.


I'm gonna start with something personal. On May 5th, 2024, I lost my mom. She was complaining about her stomach hurting. So we took her to the ER. Hours later she was still in pain and they finally moved her upstairs to the ICU. 45 minutes later she was on a breathing tube. Her organs were shutting down because of sepsis and just like that she was gone. Now lemme tell y'all, losing your mom is hard enough, but when you're black you have this extra layer of PTSD.


Why? Because you know, black women are often dismissed in the medical field. They're overlooked, ignored. And it's not just a feeling, it's facts. There's a book Medical Apartheid by Harriet Washington and it lays out the long dark history of how black folks, especially black women, have been used, abused, and experimented on in the name of science from slavery to right now. Lemme break it down for you. Did you know there are still this misconception that black women have a higher threshold for pain? And I know mama made miracles every Thanksgiving, every Christmas and every birthday. But them white doctors were thinking black women were superheroes.


For real? Oh, she's black. She can take it. What? And if you wanna know how deep this rabbit hole goes, let's talk about Henrietta Lacks since went to the doctor in 1951 for cervical cancer and without her knowledge, they took her cells then named them heela cells, HELA. And those cells turned out to be immortal like they could survive and multiply in labs which had never been done before. They helped develop vaccines, cancer treatments, IVF, you name it. Helo cells have saved millions of lives. But here's the part that'll make your blood boil. Henrietta Lacks never gave consent and her family never saw a dime.


Pharmaceutical companies made billions off those cells while her kids and grandkids were struggling to pay for healthcare. It made a bunch of dollars, but it damn sure don't make no sense. So when we talk about black folks in the medical field, we're not just talking about distrust, we're talking about a system. A system that has dismissed us, stolen from us and experimented on us without shame. And for me, every time I think about my mom's last hours, it's hard not to wonder if she wasn't black, would they have taken her pain a little more seriously? Would they have moved faster? These questions haunt me And I know I'm not alone. That's why it's so important for us to know our history and advocate for ourselves.


Because if we don't speak up, who will Medical Apartheid? A book by Harriet Washington was something that I didn't know. Maybe you didn't either. Alright, well happy Black History Month. That's right. Salute to my God, be die. Rest in peace to your beautiful mother, Irene Palm Man. Beautiful tribute that was, and make sure you subscribe to, I didn't know, maybe you didn't either. On the Black Effect iHeartRadio podcast Network. Alright, When we come back, we got the positive notice, The Breakfast Club. Good morning. Morning everybody. It's DJ Envy. Just hilarious. Charlamagne the guy. We are The Breakfast Club. Well salute to Jagged Edge for joining us today. The Good brother, jagged Edge man. I'm sorry I missed him man. Yeah, yeah, Kyle.


Kyle was trying to step to you. Yo, Trying to step to me for what? Yeah, yo. 'cause you had started a rumor about one of them niggas being the cheerleader back in the day, But cheerleader. What kind of cheerleader? Yeah, When you was putting up against you, you was putting up, you was putting them up against one 12 or something like that. Oh, during the verses Started the rumor? Yeah. No, no, no. This was back in the Dizzle. Like back in the day they said that you had said one of them was a cheerleader and you said the other one, only two of them could sing or something and the rest of 'em, one was a hype man and the other was a cheerleader. And Kyle came to step to you about that. I don't Remember that. Remember that? No, I don't. But he Don't remember a lot of things that he said. I don't, when he told him to say I don't, but salute to Kyle, you know, I just need everybody to know I can fight. That's all.


I'm gonna let you know. We can wrestle, we can arm wrestle or something. You know, Emini here Jack. They said they gonna jump you. They said they jumped. They jumped people. They ain't Fight Fair now. I'm gonna be honest with you, I don't even be remembering that stuff. You know what I'm saying? I was on a lot of drugs and a lot of alcohol. But it's all good. You know what? Emini here, Emini here. I don't, I need to hear the context of what I said before. I say apologize for it. There Is no good context about that Because I don't believe that. I don't believe Why? Why would I say he a cheerleader? That wouldn't make no sense Why you say a lot of the things that you would say. Seriously. I don understand the context of that. Salute the Kyle and Jacked as though jacked ass get busy All Well you got a positive note. Hold on, wait, hold on, wait.


Also, I want to give a shout out to VSU Virginia State University. I did their comedy show that they have every year. It was me, Carlos Miller, DC and I am Zoe. I love him as well. We had a blast with the students and the staff on campus and it was just amazing. I tell you what, snow ain't stopped there ass at all. I was like, you know what, they probably gonna cancel this show. They was like, nah, nah. Students walking up right now. Wow. Like it. It was they, they still came out and it was a lot of snow out there. So shout out to VSU man. I love that. Alright, well you got a positive Note. I do have a positive note. You know I'm going back to the donkey today that we talked about earlier with the teacher in Louisiana who you know, wouldn't let the young 6-year-old girl go to the bathroom and she ended up pooping all over herself.


Then she made her clean the poop up with her hands. Listen man, empathy. Yo compassion. Please remember no act of kindness no matter how small is ever wasted. Have a blessed day Breakfast Club Bitches. I'm finished or y'all done? You are Chicken out The Breakfast Club Club.


American Public University understands the challenges of balancing education with a busy ever changing life. Whether you're part of a military family managing PCS moves or a working professional juggling career in family, A PU offers the flexibility you need to succeed. Deliver online APUS programs make it possible to learn wherever life takes you. And courses are offered in eight and 16 week formats with monthly start dates so you can begin when it's convenient and progress at a pace that's comfortable for you. A PU is committed to making education affordable for everyone, for active duty, military and their families. The preferred military rate is just 250 per credit hour. Veterans and their families can benefit from the Veteran Grant, which provides 10% off undergrad and master's levels tuition. And for everyone else, the Opportunity Grant offers the same 10% tuition savings, making higher education within reach for all. Visit apu.apus.edu/military to learn more American public University education that moves with you.


Hi, I'm Arturo Castro and I've been lucky enough to do stuff like Broad City and Narcos and Roadhouse, and now I'm starting a podcast because honestly guys, I don't feel the space is crowded enough. Get Ready for Greatest Escapes a new comedy podcast about the wildest true escape stories in history. Each week I'll be sitting down with some of the most hilarious actors and writers and comedians. People like Ed Helms, Diane Guerrero, and Joseph Gordon Levitt. I love Storytelling And I love you, so I can't Wait. Listen and subscribe to Greatest Escapes on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts.


Hey man, what are you into? I have the hookup. The hookup, the hookup for what? I'm solving a mystery through sex. And haven't made a private dick joke until now. Poppers, why are there so many poppers? All roads lead to the hookup. You think it's causing people to turn agro. I'm gonna rip your arms off And use them to, yeah, that's a word for it. Listen to the hookup on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you listen to your favorite shows.


Welcome to my legacy, I'm Martin Luther King, I third, and together with my wife, Andre Waters King. And our dear friends, mark and Craig Kilburg, we explore the personal journeys that shape extraordinary lives. Join us for heartfelt conversations with remarkable guests like David Oye, o Mel Robbins, Martin Sheen, Dr. Sanjay Gupta, and Billy Porter. Listen To my legacy on the iHeartRadio app, apple Podcasts, or wherever you get your podcasts. This is my legacy.