
Piece of the planet, Charlemagne Tha Godhead.


And I want you to know from Curtis 50 cent Jackson and the executive producers of Power comes the explosive new season of the Stars original series Raising Canaan. In the riveting fourth season, slates have seemingly been wiped clean for Canaan Rock and the rest of the Thomas family. However, in the eye of the storm, when very dangerous obstacle looms large, unique is alive, unique makes a volatile and violent return as he hunched the up in the lives of the time family. Don't miss the season from Mayor Raising Canaan, March 7th, only on Stars. In The Stars app.


Life is an act of constant reinvention that's true for you and for cause. Nissan Reimagined the all new kicks around you. The Bowls personal plus sound system, which speakers in the headrest keeps you in the groove while the Nissan Safety Shield 360 technologies keep you safe. If Nissan reinvented the kicks, you can reinvent yourself. Drive the all new Reimagined Nissan Kicks today. Available features compatible device service and consumer activation of Nissan Connect Services. Package required use only when safe and legal subject to third party service availability. For more information, see Nissan usa.com/connect/legal. Apple CarPlay is a trademark of Apple Link. Intelligent all-wheel drive cannot prevent collisions or provide enhanced traction in all conditions. Always monitor traffic and weather conditions.


Taking control of your career is empowering. Just don't tell my boss I said that. Just kidding. I am the boss. This is Carlos Miller from the 85 South Show. And building a career isn't just about a job. It's about creating a path that impacts our community and future generations. Whether you're starting out or even making big moves, State Farm is here to support you with resources to help protect what you're working hard to achieve. They've got your back every step of the way because like a good neighbor State Farm is there. Find out more at State Farm dot com.


On a serious note, I'm still thinking about that one commercial with Tom Brady and Snoop Dogg. The one where they're hating on each other, but when you actually hear them, the reasons for hating someone or something are just stupid. That commercial stuck with me. There's so much hate in this country and it's got to stop. So join us at iHeart and standing up to it. If you see hate speak up, call it out. You can learn more by following at what's Up with Hate. Good morning usa. Yo yo. Yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo Yo. Jess. Hilarious is out. Lauren LaRosa's filling in. Hi. I'm just doing my wig. Charlamagne to God. Peace to the Planet.


It's Tuesday. I guess my cohost will be coming in in a second. They left you alone. Yeah, they left me alone. Ah, boy. Well, how you feeling red? I'm Feeling good. How you feeling, Abby? I'm feeling great. Peace, everybody out there. We have a, a great show for you today. We have comedian Mike Epps. He'll be joining us. Of course. He's on the We The Ones tour featuring Country. Wayne, Carlos, Miller Miller, Tony Roberts, haha, Davis and more. The tickets are on sale right now. They're hitting up a, a bunch of cities. I know they're going to Atlantic City. I know they're hitting the Carolinas. I know they're hitting Virginia. So shout to Mike eps. He'll be joining us. And he's also here to talk about the final season of the Hors What up Charlamagne? Peace To the planet.


It is Tuesday. Good morning. How y'all feel? Oh man, I'm feel blessed Black and Holly Favored. Happy to be here to serve another day to serve our beautiful listeners. That's right. And you telling 'em who can be on the show Today. Yeah. Just said Mike Epson Little Duval will be joining us this morning as well. Little Duval's on them. We them one store too. Actually, they was show supposed to be doing the interview together, but I don't know what the hell happened. Yeah. I think one came, well, Ikes came first. Mike Kepts Early. We've all came a little bit later. That's right. Oh damn. I'm supposed to be acting like they here today. Oh yeah. They'll be joining us. I think. I, I think people know that. You Think they know We Preta. I don't think everybody know. We get new listeners every day. I know. We've been on for, it'll be 15 years this December. Right. But you know, a lot of people don't know all the magic yet. Yes. Yes.


I also wanna say for everybody that's be, that be hitting me up for tickets to the third annual Black Effect Podcast Festival. Don't hit me up and say things like, yo, I want to come, I wanna support. If you wanna support, you'll go to black effect.com/podcast, podcast Festival and get your tickets. Absolutely. Okay. We got Sarah. Jake Robinson's gonna be there with her woman of all podcast. And Carrie Champion with The Naked Podcast. And who else? A lot of people, the decisions, decisions Mandy and Wei are hosting. All I'm simply saying is if you really wanna support, you'll go get your tickets to Black effect.com/podcast Festival. You don't hit me up and say, Hey, I wanna come support. Can I get some tickets? That's not support. That's not support. Okay. Gotta get a discount That's not support. All right.


We'll definitely go. Let's get the show cracking. Lauren la will be joining us in a second. I tell you, she had to fix her wig. She'll be here in any minute. Now's The Breakfast Club. Good morning. Morning everybody. It's DJ Envy. Jess. Hilarious. Charlamagne the guy. We are The Breakfast Club along La Rosa filling in for Jess. And let's get in some front page. You Said Lauren was fixing her wig. I was just joking. Lauren's running. I about to say her wig ain't never fixed. Oh, damn. She said she's not gonna get until she fix her wig. She ain't coming this morning. You Are stupid, man. Let's start off with some quick sports. Kyrie Irvin last night suffered a a left knee sprain Monday night. So that means both Kyrie and Anthony Davis are out on Injury Reserve. So we'll see how, what, how that plays out down as Far as last night they fired Nico. What's the dude name? Nico. Nico Harrison.


He going to get fired, man. Okay. And also salute to Serena Williams. She joins ownership of the w NBA's new Toronto Tempo team. So drop on a Box with Serena Williams. I'm happy that Toronto's getting A-W-N-B-A team. The reason I'm happy that the Toronto's getting A-W-N-B-A team. 'cause I like to see WNBA expansion 'cause I wanna see the Carolinas get A-W-N-B-A team. Again, I want them to bring the sting back to the Carolinas, not to Charlotte, though. I want them to bring them to South Carolina. Good morning, Morgan. Charleston to Columbia. Good Morning. DJ NB Charlamagne, the God and Lauren la We get in. Girl. How are y'all feeling today? Blessed Black and holly favored. How you feeling? Amazing. Amazing. I'm feeling good. You know Bon, which means let the good times roll.


It is Mardi Gras. It is Carnival season. Carnival day. So, you know, let's, let's celebrate while we can. 'cause it's, it's giving, it's not gonna last long. So top of the headlines, let's get into it. The President will address a joint Congress tonight. The theme of the President's address to the joint session of Congress will be the renewal of the American dream. A White House official told a BC news of the theme saying Trump will focus on his record so far, the economy, border security, and his plan for global peace. A White House statement says Trump has accomplished more than more in a month than any President has in four years. And that the joint address will be a must see TV event. Of course, Trump's speech is set to start at 9:00 PM Eastern time.


So some Democrats are inviting federal workers who have lost their job to the joint session. Many of many workers who have lost their job as Elon Musk and Department of Government efficiency have been calling off mass layoffs. Democratic Congressman Brad Schneider of Illinois said he, while some Democrats are opting to skip the speech, others are gonna be bringing those fired workers to show the American people who have been hurt by Musk and Trump. Of course, the White House is accusing Democrats of exploiting the American people for political points. Now, elsewhere in presidential news, Trump is ordering a pause to all military aid to Ukraine. In a statement, white House officials said that Trump has been clear that he is focused on peace and that our partners need to be as well.


It was, he went on to say that the US is pausing and reviewing our aid to ensure that it is contributing a solution. Now, Trump has continuously been critical of Ukrainian President Zelensky in recent weeks. And of course, we saw that confrontational meeting that happened in the Oval Office on Friday. Trump said the US stupidly gave away $350 billion to Ukraine. I'm gonna fact check that in just a second. He made the comments while speaking from the White House adding, president Biden gave away the funds so Ukraine could fight Russia and we got nothing in return. So despite the rhetoric between himself, president and President Zelensky, the rare Earth's mineral mineral deal is still on the table. And as far as that $350 billion to Ukraine, it's more like $174 billion that was appropriated by Congress.


And this has been a bipartisan effort. And some of those funds also went to other NATO members as well. So let's take a listen to those comments from President Trump regarding this deal. On the table with Ukraine. Think of it, 350 billion. We could have rebuilt our US Navy, so he gave it away as fast as the money could be gone. And what we're doing is getting that all back and a lot more than that. And what we need, it's very important for this business that we're talking about here with chips and semiconductors and everything else. We need rare earth. And the deal we have is we have the finest rare earth. Yeah. Any thoughts on that guys?


Emini here, whether we're talking about the joint session of Congress tonight, which I'm sure President Trump will elaborate also on this rare earth steal. Oh, I can't wait to watch tonight because yes, Trump is, must see tv, especially when he is live. All right. Sadly, he's the greatest standup comic on the planet today. The only other person I'm looking forward to seeing do standup today is Andrew Schultz. 'cause his new special to life comes out today. But yeah, I'm watching tonight And I think it's a great idea to bring the federal workers. Yeah, but I, I wouldn't bring just any federal workers. I would bring the federal workers who voted for, who voted for Trump because they thought he'd be better for the economy. That's Who I would bring. You know what, what's sad is when people act so surprised about the things he's doing about with Ukraine and the tariffs that he's adding and, and people seem surprised, but these all the things that he said he was gonna do.


Yeah. The tar, the tariffs start the date, the tariffs on Canada and Mexico. Right. 25% start At midnight. Yes, it is tariff Tuesday. Tariffs are in effect. I will definitely get into that in the seven o'clock hour. But back on Ukraine, Zelensky, you know, he, he's, he entered the chat and he, he had his remarks in regards to what happened on Friday. He says there will be diplomacy for peace after that ex intense exchange of words with President Trump last week, in a video posted on his website, Zelensky said they are grateful. So he, he's being thankful. He said they are grateful for all the support the US has given Ukraine in its war against Russia. He added that there is clear support for his country's cause from Europe. And everyone agrees there needs to be peace.


So we will, you know, continue to keep you posted. A very interesting fact that has also come out. The Kremlin, which is like the media for Russia, has said over the weekend that the Trump administration is changing American policy, American foreign policy, rather to put it in line with Russia's vision. So yeah, let's continue to watch what's going on. They said that Said, Oh yeah, the Kremlins said over the weekend that American, the Trump administration is changing American foreign policy to put it in line with Russia's vision. So, Alright, Let's, all we can do is see what the president has to say tonight. Like you said, must see TV and it starts at 9:00 PM Eastern and damn, That's late Cold as that late.


That is late. The fight was midnight And that was late too. That was on the weekend though. Yeah, that's late. Damn. Good morning everybody. Trump. Trump. Eight. How old is Trump? 80 right? 78, 79. That's late nine o'clock. Alright man. They got a Moody's up to about six or seven. Six O'clock. Jesus. All right, well at this front page news. Good morning Lauren. How you Feeling? Don't good morning me if you get honest, ready or lie One more time. Talk about she gotta fix her wig. No, I fell asleep Yesterday. We know that's a lie. 'cause we know you're not fixing your wig. First Of all, nobody asked you. Okay. You're right. Okay. Domino face. No ask you. Alright. Get it off your Chest. Hi Morgan. Good morning. Hey Girl. Hey. 805 8 5 1 0 5 1 If you need to vent, phone lines are wide open again, (800) 585-1051. Call us up right now.


It's the Breakfast Local. Good morning, The Breakfast Club. This is your time to get it off your chest. Whether you're mad or blessed, I hate the way that you walk, the way that you talk. I hate the way that you dress. Everything with near is blessed. Call up next (800) 585-1051. Not just me, I'm with the coach of Philly. Hello, who's this? This Is Rob Baby Law from Westport, Connecticut. What's up brother? What's going on with you? Hey listen, I just wanna say God bless you Charlemagne and just hilarious man for what you do on a daily basis, man. It's not easy and you don't get the, I wanna give you your flowers while you are here, man.


You guys help me every day, man. You put me in the right direction. You keep me safe And I just want the positive vibes to come back to you guys on a daily basis. Man. I love y'all man. Appreciate. Hey, we Love you too, brother. Thank you. You Are welcome. Have A good one brother. You too. Hello. Who's this? Yo, what's up y'all? This replay from Chicago. What up Chelle? What up please Replay. What's happening? What up, what up, man, look, I gotta give a shout out this morning to Lauren LaRosa. Man. She been holding me down man. She been coming with good news, good facts. Me and her the same age man. And I just love seeing people my age just go hard and then baby girl, keep doing what you do. You know?


That's What it is. Oh, thank you. I appreciate that. No doubt. No doubt, man. Try the main, I was talking to you. What were you saying, king? Go ahead, finish. Okay, go ahead King. Well, yeah man, look like I said I'm replay. Y'all wanna follow me? I'm on Instagram at Ladies Love replay. Why they call you replay, bro? Man, that's actually the name they gave me. I'm an r and b singer and I don't know, one of the guys used to call yourself replay. I'm like all back because I want everybody to replay my song. Okay. All right brother. Have a good one. No doubt. Put a little more sauce on that. You know what I'm saying? Yeah. You gotta come up with something better. Why they call you replay? I don't know. You know what Emini here, because when I put it down, yeah. You know, ladies love it so much. They want to see it again.


Something. You know what Emini here, like just something. Facts. Facts. I'm with it. He said facts. Oh, facts, okay. I didn't know. I thought he was telling me something else. I thought he was telling me he wasn't into the women. I didn't know. I'm like, what? Excuse me. Hello? Who's this? This is Jay Meta. How's it Going, Jay? Meta. What's up? Get it off your chest. Jay. Meta. Good morning. You know, I'm, I'm, I'm stressed, you know, I'm tired of people always asking you, you know, are you getting, no, when are you gonna get married? And I tell them in a minute, dog, you know, they're always telling you when they gonna get a new job. And I tell them in a minute, dog, you know, everyone has their own pace and they wanna put you to a standard and do things, you know.


How old are you? Everyone own Pace. Me? I just turned 30. That's why I didn't know men get that kind of pressure. I didn't know men get that, that that's not, that's usually pressure that's reserved to win for women. I'm talking about the marriage part. Nah. Yeah, They Job. Do you have kids yet? No. That's what I'm saying. And they gonna tell you when you gonna have a kid And I How old are You and the Minutes dog? You know, how Old are you? Me, I'm, I'm getting close to the age, you know, 30 is, is, you know, is that, is that point You're 30 Emini here. So why don't you, when they ask you, you know, when you gonna get married, just be like, I'm in the men dog. Just say something like that. You don't think so? Yeah, that's, that's what I tell 'em in the That's right. That's right. That's right. That's right. But Def definitely if you got older parents too. 'cause older parents want grandparents. I'm sure. So that's what they Ask you for. Older parents want grandparents.


I'm Grandkids. Most guys by a certain age. If you don't have kids, that'd be like, yes. Or you're not married. They think something's Wrong. Older parents want grandkids. That's what I meant. Well, you'll meet, you'll meet Mrs. Mr. Wright in in the in do time. Mr. Or Mr. Mr. Or Mrs. I'm sorry, can you say That again? No, have a good day brother. Appreciate you. Have a great day. Yeah. Yes sir. All right brother, get it off your chest. 805 8 5 1 0 5 1. If you need to vent phone lines of wide open. It's The Breakfast Club. Good morning. The Breakfast Club. Wake up. Wake up. Wake your ass. This is your time to get it off your chest. Whether you're mad or blessed, we want to hear from you on The Breakfast Club.


Hello. Who's this? Hi, This is Cash. Hey, good morning Cash. Get it off your chest. Good morning. I wanna get it off my chest. I'm a federal employee And I am back in the office. I'm also in cancer treatment for breast cancer. So I'm exhausted, but they're forcing me back And I need my money. So Did you tell Elon Musk what you did last week? I did. Okay. What'd you tell him? I gave him five bullet points of the work that I did. What were the bullet points, if you don't mind us asking? I don't know off the top of my head, but I conducted two meetings, two training sessions.


I did a FOIA request, which is Freedom of Information Act. Got you. And I want, I want your listeners to know, we can request information about any government official. All you have to do is send in a Freedom of Information Act. So you can ask like how many meetings they had with this person or this company. It's really interesting. How do you feel about them asking y'all for that? I can't stand it. It's redundant. We do reports to our direct supervisors and I'm hearing a lot of this being something that they're using, like with AI to grab certain terms and determine if they need us or not.


Or so we can be replaced by ai. So it's really nerve wracking. Well listen man, slut, all the federal workers out there hold your head. You know, the ones that are actually, you know, doing their jobs every day and and keeping our country moving forward. Salute to you. The ones that aren't y'all are the ones that actually need to be fired. And the ones that voted for this mess need to be fired. The ones that voted, they need To go first. The ones that voted for him who got fired are the most interesting ones to me because they essentially voted for their own unemployment. Yeah, They vote against their issues. Yep. I'm sorry you deal with that. And I look this sucks. I'm sorry. You gotta deal with that. Thank you. Thank you.


All right mama. Please have a good day. I listen to you all every day And we appreciate it. Thank you very much. Thank you. Hello. Who's this? Yeah, it is your dad. What's up brother? Get it off of your chest. Good morning, everybody in in the, in The Breakfast Club. Charlamagne Lauren LaRosa. Peace King. Man. I, I'm a Trump supporter. I just got into it this weekend with my peoples in New York, but I definitely feel like he's doing a horrible job right now. He was mad disrespectful to Zelensky and so was Davey Vance. He should have never chosen him to be the vice president. He was saying Zelensky beating on his chest. But I felt like Vance was beating his chest in the office that day, you know, and he said he was gonna fill it And I believe that he just opened the door to Russia to make a deal with Ukraine without the US And that's bad business because when that happens, Taiwan's gonna take a look at that.


South Korea is gonna take a look at that and then they, then people are gonna follow suit and they're gonna get people, more people on the I Hate America bandwagon. Lemme tell you why I respect you, my brother, first of all, I don't, I don't, I don't knock anybody for who they chose choose to vote for. But you know what I respect, I respect the fact that you are objective. The fact that you still voted for him but can call him out because that's what I like. I like people who can, you know, if you, if you vote for a person, you gotta call it straight down the middle. Like I'm the same way with Democrats who I vote for and you know, I'm, I'm the same way. If I was to vote for Republican, I'm just gonna call it straight down the middle. So I respect, I respect you brother. Absolutely.


And, and the thing about it's this God, yo, I I watch Fox News a lot, so do I and Jesse Waters. I really ain't feeling him. There's a lot of racist things going on on there. But I watch Caucasian television 'cause I need to see what they talking about. You feel me? Caucasian. I watch And I watch a lot of fox. Yeah. So he, after the, after the, the the debacle in the office, this dude done come on and say this is America's world and America runs everything. And I know God is sitting down there like, oh what? Mm. He's like, okay. And the last thing you wanna do is make God angry. You like the incredible heart. That's the fact. Angry because you gonna like me when I'm Angel. You understand what I'm saying? Yo. You said pride comes before I wish God just peek his head out from, from the, I wish God peek his head out from the heavens and just be like, y'all got 30 more days.


I Hope not Just to see how everybody would act. I just wanna see how everybody was straightened up. Y'all got 30 more days. I don't wanna be scared. I'm so sick. Nobody, I don't wanna be scared. I wouldn't be scared. Why you not living? Right? I am living right. I know Emini here. You mean you should, when you, you got 30 days, meaning everybody got 30 Days. Everybody got 30 days. You got 30 more days. I'm divinely protected And I believe in God when things are good. I believe in God when things are bad. So whatever God got planned for me, I'm, I'm I'm open to it. Get it Off your chest. 805 8 5 1 0 5 1. Now we got the mess coming up. We do. I'm still getting it together, but I, I don't know what's more entertaining at this point. Lamont Roach and Javonte take Davis going back and forth yesterday or Jay-Z and Attorney Busby going back and forth yesterday.


So one of the two is going to hit the top of the hour. We gonna talk about it. Alright, We'll get to that next. It's The Breakfast Club. Good morning. The Breakfast Club. Hey, how y'all feeling out there man? What's It a Tuesday, Wednesday? I like y Today is Tuesday. Tuesday, yes. Make sure you go get your tickets for the third annual Black Effect Podcast Festival happening Saturday, April 26th in Atlanta at Pullman Yards, baby Bong B. Okay, if you've been there the last two years, you know how we get down. We got Decisions, decisions hosting Sarah Jix Roberts with the Woman of Ball Podcasts. We'll be there. Tank and Jay Valentine with r and b Money Podcast. Yep. Just to name a couple of the podcasts that'll be there. But go to black effect.com/podcast festival to get your tickets. That's Right. Go get your tickets. And morning everybody.


We are The Breakfast Club. Let's get to the Mess with Lauren Osa World on The Breakfast Club to the coaches with Lauren. Lauren LaRosa. And I got the Mess. Talk to me. All righty y'all. So Jay-Z, an attorney Tony Busby, back at it again. So a while back in December, Jay-Z had began to sue Tony Busby, who was the attorney that accused him of sexually assaulting the thir, the woman who claims she was 13 back in 2000. Yep. Yep. After VMA party with Diddy. Right now moving forward, yesterday in Alabama, in a court in Alabama, Jay-Z went forward and filed something directly against the Jane Doe in her lawyer.


This time it's not just attorney Busby that it's also a man named David Fortney, who was a second attorney. So Jay-Z is saying that the woman admitted to his reps that she made the whole story up. Mm. The lawsuit says that she made it up because she was pushed toward going forward with the false story against Jay-Z by her attorneys. Now Busby is saying that this has no legal merit and that the woman is still standing by her story. He's actually saying that this whole lawsuit that Jay-Z just filed in Alabama is basically another, in his terms, another failed attempt in like a desperate attempt to respond to everything that is happening. He says this new case alleges the same claims as the other one they pieced together and fought in Los Angeles like the other one in la This new case in Alabama has no legal merit.


Sean Carter's investigators have repeatedly harassed, threatened and something else. This poor woman for weeks trying to intimidate her and make her recant her story. She hasn't and she won't. And says, she has stated that she stands by her claims. These same group of investigators have been caught on tape offering to pay people sue me and my firm after speaking with Jane Doe today, it's clear to me that the quotes attributed to her in this lawsuit are completely made up. Or they spoke to someone who isn't Jane Doe. Right. How do you, how do you intimidate somebody that's anonymous? And, and and why is, why is fighting for your reputation considered intimidating a person that you don't even know this, an anonymous person come and make claims about you. And then when you, you know, speak out against it and say these claims aren't true.


And then even if you find out that this person is lying, why is that considered intimidation? It's Notation. She don't even know who The person Is. Intimidation. And the person hasn't released their name, so I wouldn't Exactly. She's anonymous. Now listen to this. Okay, so then after this Jane Doe on on behalf of Jane Doe, her attorneys go and they file a response at their own suit, not their own suit, I'm sorry. They file a response and they're saying that she in in this response filed, she sticks by her story and she's saying that she's intimidated and that she's terrified. How don't nobody even know who you are? Well, in this new legal doc that was obtained by TMZ, she says that Jay-Z was trying to bully her into saying the accusations are bogus.


The woman is claiming that she was recently approached outside of her home and cornered by two people who told her they were investigators working for one of Jay's lawyers. She then claims that people tried to get her to sign an affidavit stating that the rape claims against Jay-Z were false, but she refused. The woman also claims that the alleged investigators asked her if Tony Busby sought her out as a client and offered her money to pursue the false claims against Jay-Z. Both these allegations she has denied in these documents. And she claims the alleged confrontation led her to be intimidated and terrified, wondering how they found her in her identity. And because she had remained Aon anonymous in all of the media reports in the legal proceedings. Oh, So she's saying that they found her. Yes. The woman even claims her parents were approached by two investigators asking similar questions about Buzz beat and the rape story.


Now again, this is the same woman from back in 2000, but this all this back and forth all went down yesterday. Didn't the same dad say he doesn't remember driving his daughter? And he would remember that 'cause the drive is such a long drive. A hundred percent. But she's claiming that her parents were approached by the two investigators asking similar questions about Busby and the rape story. But to your point, envy back in that that was the NBC interview that this accuser did back in that interview she did. Her father did say that that was five hours from the home. He would remember picking her up after that incident and he did not remember. So all of this back and forth, And I don't know where this ends because it seems like whoever Jay team spoke to this woman is completely saying something different when she gets with her attorneys.


But I will say that in Jay's filing, they also did ask for her to remain anonymous or whatever because of different like mental things that she's dealing with it. Whatever's happening behind the scenes here, I think that this to The World is constantly changing. It's up to you to decide how to respond. Choose to be bold to try something new. Choose to reinvent yourself. That's what Nissan did with the all new totally reimagined kicks. The dynamic new exterior styling immediately announces that Nissan isn't messing around the interior. A completely redesigned cabin with premium features like wireless apple cart play and a panoramic moon roof make driving a kicks impressive and exciting. And with new performance and safety features like intelligent all-wheel drive, the kicks is both more fun and safer to drive than ever before.


It's the dawning of a brand new era for the Nissan Kicks. Only one question remains. Is it a new error for you as well? Drive the all new reimagine Nissan Kicks today available Feature. Bose is a registered trademark of the Bose Corporation Nissan Safety Shield technologies can't prevent all collisions or worn in all situations. See owner's manual for important safety information.


At and t has a new guarantee because most things in life are not guaranteed. Like actually getting the rental call you requested or your wedding turning out just like you dreamed it would. And someone making another pot of coffee in the break room after drinking the last drop of the last one. Yeah, don't get me started. Not guaranteed. In The World where nothing is guaranteed at and t is bringing something new to the table. At and t is introducing a guarantee. With connectivity you depend on deals you want and service you deserve or they make it right. So if you wanna know more about the at t guarantee, head to att.com/guarantee. At t connecting changes everything, terms and conditions apply. Visit att.com/guarantee for details.


Charlemagne tha God here. And I want you to know from Curtis 50 cent Jackson and the executive producers of Power, the hit star's original series Raising Canaan is coming back the new season of the Family Crime drama continues the origin story of fan favorite. Canaan start originally played by 50 cent in the flagship series Power as he delves further into his evolution from a devoted son into the ruthless villain that fans have known and loved from the jump. This is a transformative season for Canaan that you won't wanna miss the new season of Raising Canaan premiers March 7th, only on Stars in the Stars app.


Hey fam, if you like me, you're thinking about how to level up in your career. Maybe you're fresh outta college, just started in your field or even looking to switch things up and find your true calling. Whatever stage you're in, remember that this is your time to grow, to learn, and to build something that lasts. State Farm understands that early career development is key to long-term success. They've been a steady presence in our communities and they know that having the right support early on can make all the difference. State Farm is there to help you make smart moves and to help you get the coverage you need. We all know the journey to success is a marathon, not a sprint. It's about staying focused, staying grounded, and making sure you're protected every step of the way. Let's build our careers with confidence knowing that State Farm is there to support us just like they've always been because like a good neighbor State Farm is there. Find out more at State Farm dot com.


Me Just an opinion. This woman doesn't seem competent to withstand anything legally and stories keep changing. And we saw that, we heard her would do that in NBC story. So I don't know why anyone wouldn't back off of this. Well these Ca this ca the cases has been dismissed already, right? Yeah. That case has been dismissed and it can't be brought back up. But now because Jay-Z is suing them, you know what Emini here for everything that they took him through as he should. Yeah, they're trying to fight back against that so they yeah. Serves that whole Thing. I don't think the case could be brought that up as far as assault or sexual assault, but now she's saying something different. Right now she's saying it's bullying and harassment, right? Yeah. Two Different things. But that's what I'm saying. It's like, it's like an ongoing, like why doesn't this just end like Def defending yourself is not bullying our harassment and that's the executive order Trump needs to sign.


Okay. If you find out a person lied about allegations like that, whether they are criminal or civil, they should have to face criminal charges. And attorneys who take those bogus cases should have to face some consequences as Well. I'm with you a thousand percent. If those attorneys know that those cases are BS and know that that person is lying from the facts, from the evidence, yes they should be brought up on charges too. 'cause this is getting ridiculous And I hate that when you, when you a person of status and you know you got money just because you're defending yourself and using all the resources that you have at your disposal to defend yourself, now all of a sudden you are a bully and you intimidated, but now You're attacking the victim A After That you got claimed for something that you didn't do. Yeah. And I will say, which makes no sense. So again, attorney Busby is making these claims. Jay-Z has claimed before that these private investigators that Busby has said before also approached him.


They had nothing to do with him. He don't even, he didn't even know who these people were. His attorney said that. So I love the fact Jay keep fighting a Claire's name. Like I I love that 'cause most people that just stopped right there and was like f everybody else. But he, I love the fact that he's like, nah, this is not it. Y'all done play with my name and I'm gonna clear it to the end. And I ain't mad at that. He got the time, the money, he got the right one today. So He got the money. He got the money. I just, It's just, that's what that boy, he got the money, He got the money. Most people to let it go but he got the money. Yeah, it's just a lot. It's just a lot of back and forth. But yes, that is the, the first round or of the mess. Alright, thank thank you Lauren la So now when we come back we got front page news and then Mike PPS will be joining us. So don't go anywhere. It's The Breakfast Club. Good morning, You are chicken out The Breakfast Club.


Morning Everybody. It's DJ Envy. Jess Hilarious. Charlamagne the guy. We are The Breakfast Club. Lauren la Rosa. Filling in for Jess. And let's get back in some front page news. What's up Morgan? What's Up? It is tariff Tuesday Envy. But before I get into that, can we just real quick, Leslie le Bon Tom rule, which means let the good times roll. Why you say it's tariff Tuesday? Like it's $2 Tuesday. Like it's something we should be excited about. Tariff Tuesday, let's go pay 25% extra on everything. Everything. No, but for real Emini here, the people need to know. So you know, let it, let it, let it be known. Let before I get to the tariff Tuesday thing again, it is Mardi Gras and officials in New Orleans say Security is being increased as celebrations of course are underway.


This comes as one of five people who were shot over the weekend at a Mardi Gras parade in Franklinton was, is clinging to life at a hospital Washington Parish. Cops say that the other four have been treated and released. They say the suspected gunman is in custody. And a and said in a statement that there could be more arrests made in that particular incident. Now Mardi Gras parades that the popular Mardi Gras parades that have been famous could also be a washout this year. Forecasters in the big easy are predicting some big storms that will roll in on Fat Tuesday. Some parades have already been canceled. Two of the biggest is the Zulu and Rex Parade. They will roll on as ear earlier than normal.


Although officials are saying it's still possible that they can call those parades. And the Jefferson Parish has canceled all of their Mardi Gras parades due to threats of high wind. Meanwhile, customs and Border protection officer Nathan Wilson, he's leading the security team and he says that's a big challenge. Let's hear comments from him. Several blocks, lots of open spaces. So we strategically put teams at certain areas. So again, if we, there's a call for us, we can rapidly hit those situations. Yeah. So city officials say that security is at unprecedented levels. Of course this follows the deadly ISIS inspired attack that happened in the French Quarter on New Year's Day that killed 14 people. There is a heavy police presence along with significant federal support.


Several items have been banned, including, of course private drones and, but bee throwing is still allowed. So, you know, show me something Mr. No. Okay. Jesus. Right Morgan, I don't go to my ass. Morgan. Freak ass Morgan. I'm gonna think the nine go. Anyways. Okay, let's get into the tariffs Tuesday then. Y'all president Trump's 25% tariffs on goods from Mexico and Canada are now in effect. Now Canada says it will impose retaliatory 25% tariffs on a hundred billion dollars of US goods. Trump also imposed another 10% on tariffs, 10% tariffs on Chinese imports in addition to 10% tariffs enacted last month.


Now Beijing also respond, responded with retaliatory tariffs on US food and agricultural products. Economists predict American importers will pass along the cost to tariffs to consumers sending prices higher and higher and higher at the grocery store and the car dealership. We stand to see it within a matter of just weeks. So Ontario's premier, which is like the governor of Hi of Ontario, says that Canada is set to retaliate against the US and plans to the, the uss plans to impose on his country. And he also talked about how it's gonna hurt our relationship. Let's hear more from Ontario Premier Doug Ford. I will stop shipments going into the US for nickel.


It will shut down manufacturing because 50% of the nickel you use is coming out of Ontario, is gonna go downhill faster than the American bobsled team. It's gonna be an absolute disaster for both countries. We're your largest trading partner. If he wants to destroy our economy and our families, I will shut down the electricity going down to the us. And I heard that this comments went on to say he would do it with a smile. So he made those comments to NBC news saying the tariffs will be an absolute disaster for both countries, of course. And he also threatened to shut down electricity that goes to the US now a again, 25% tariffs on Canadian Mexican goods.


10% out of China. What are your guys thoughts? America? Have you thought the cost of goods was high before? Wait until the night, you know what I'm saying? Like, like, like groceries. Groceries are gonna go up, alcohol is going to go up, gas prices are going to go up, lumber is going to go up, cars is going to go up. Things like toys are gonna be going up for your kids. Is they, they were talking about all the stuff that people order to clothes and all that's gonna be shooting up in prices as well. Absolutely. Absolutely. Like Mexican Ca Canada is the largest exporter of meat to the United States and 77% of fresh vegetables are imported from Mexico. So yeah, you gonna feel it at the grocery store baby? Yep. Mm mm mm mm And them syrup san sandwiches is gonna get more expensive too.


And you tequila drinkers man, you tequila drinkers. Are you crazy? Tequila and Bill? Yep, it's me. It's me. Alright. As as if that wasn't bad enough. Guys, Senate Democrats are calling out Elon Musk for saying that social security is the biggest Ponzi scheme of all time. Yes, Elon Musk said Social security is the biggest Ponzi scheme of all time. Now this comes at a time where Musk and Doge are set to cut 7,000 employees from the Social Security Administration this coming Friday. Now social security does pay more in benefits compared to the returns that it gains on taxes. I was on Capitol Hill yesterday and Chuck Schumer spoke more about this situation. It seems like it is just coming out we're, it seems like we're in the beginning stages of it.


So I'm, I've got my eyes on it for you. But here's what Chuck Schumer had to say in regards to this. What's happening. So now we know that's something we senate democrats have feared for a long time is coming. True Social security is under attack and at risk, you don't need to scratch your head and wonder what's going on when you see they're decimating the officers and the staff. And you don't need to ponder what might happen next. When Trump and Musk say that the tens of millions of seniors and families and children who depend on these benefits are a part of a scam, it's insulting to them. Chuck Schumer is 90 years old and he doesn't even sound excited when speaking about Social security.


Okay Chuck, you are the elderly. That is your time to shine. Okay? Because social security is not a Ponzi scheme is how most Americans survive during retirement or disabilities. You know, social security has prevented so many old people from falling into poverty. What is, what are they talking about? This is why rich people gotta stay outta poor people's business. Not He's a a source close. He needs to be more excited. Well there you have that and just bringing things really quickly. Home to wrapping things up, bringing things home to you guys in New York. Y'all heard about what happened with the FBI field office, right? So the head of the FBI New York's field office was forced out yesterday, a month after he pushed back against Trump administration's purge against agents who worked on the January 6th cases, now assistant director in charge of the FBI's New York field office.


James Dennehy retired from the bureau on Monday, telling his colleagues he was forced out in his announcement email. It was dennehy's email in February that led to it. He moaned, excuse me, he demands to turn over the names of a, a agents who worked on Capital riot cases calling it a battle and writing time for me to dig in reports say de he did delay reporting that info and that people within the bureau say that doing so prevented a, a mass firing. So maybe he was able to save others, but that meant he may, you know, he was on the chopping block for that. But we'll continue to keep you posted on what is happening out here in the streets. That's your front page news. I'm Morgan Wood, follow me on social at Morgan Media.


For more news coverage, follow at Black Information Network. Download the free iHeartRadio app and visit us@bnews.com. Thank you. Alright. Right. Thank I want happy Birthday to my son. It's my son birthday. Happy morning son. Happy Alright. How old is he? Nine. Congratulations. I got a 9-year-old at the house. Congratulations. Come there. Congratulations you Levi. I love you. All right. Now when we come back, comedian Mike Sel be joining us. So don't go anywhere. It's The Breakfast Club. Good morning. The Breakfast Club. Morning everybody. It's DJ Envy. Jess. Hilarious. Charlamagne the guy. We are The Breakfast Club. Lauren LaRosa filling in for Jess. We got a special guest in the building. A a legend. Goddammit. The brother Mike, Appreciate That. I'm serious, Mike.


I don't want them introducing you no more if they ain't putting legend on your mother name. Well, we got the legend. How old? You gotta get to be a legend. Social Security age. Yeah, you gotta be in the Yeah, I'm getting there. I don't think it's about age. I think it's about what you've done in The game, but you done. Yeah. Yeah. Thanks man. I appreciate, I appreciate the, you know, compliment And Mike s he always supported us early on. He actually did our first skit with The Breakfast Club. Remember that? I skit the first skit. That was first skit. The first skit was with you and, and you did that for us. That's big man. Andy used to put money in my pocket. 'cause you used to do the April Fools Comedy. Comedy Jam in New York, remember? Yeah. Yeah, fool. And he used to always be the host at the garden. Yeah Man. So yeah man. And, and it feel good to be able to, you know what Emini here, turn on the young comics and put 'em on.


'cause I was once, one at one time Emini here. Obviously I used to be staying on the stage trying to get on open up for, for Steve Harvey and DL Hubley. So They used to hate on you? No. Okay. No, no, no, no, no. They, they never hated on me. But you could tell though, you know, when you are an older comic or you an older artist and somebody new come on, you know, it takes time for them to be like, okay, this dude is cool, you know, or I can work with him because, you know, you don't know how a person gonna turn out. So I I I, I shouldn't even have said hate. 'cause sometimes I think that people don't realize how much of a fraternity comedy is it is. And they wanna see you earn your dues before they, you know, they do if they share stage with you. That's right. Yeah. But nowadays it's different.


Man. You know, artists are getting, they just due a little quicker than we did. We had to really work for that. We had to go hit them stages and, and now they got the social media thing, which is good and bad. 'cause you're getting opportunities premature Yeah. Of you working for it. So it can be tricky. So you respect that or you, you, you feel like they should get their, their dues first to hit them clubs? Well, I, I res I respect the fact that they, it's still a hustle, right. Emini here to be able to be on the internet. I still ain't figured that out. I still ain't figured out how to really get the money off the internet. Yeah. Like these young, like they on Snapchat and all this. I really haven't figured it out.


But I respect that 'cause that's the new hustle. But like I said, when it's, when it's time for you to get an opportunity and show improve, you ain't really been in the gym. It's kind of like you got muscles, but they didn't come from the gym. Now do you like going out on tour with so many comedians? Well, you know what Envy I, I'm hosting this tour. So these are all young comics that's coming up. Duval ain Young Duval ain Young. Hell No, I Duvall. I thought He didn't start with me though. No he didn't. He's young to me. Okay. Because he, you know, he, he came up after me. But for the most part, all of them are young comics that's trying to get to the next level and which is film and television and whatever that is.


But I, yeah, that's cool man. You know, I'm secure with myself and I'm secure with my comedy act. I go on tour with anybody. I think me and Jess were talking about this before And I was telling her like, like the way that, like even with Martin Yeah. He brings her on his like, you know, different stages. I think that two-way street that you're talking about Yeah. Is really important because they're teaching you while you're teaching them. Right. Especially because like, I, I feel like sometimes comedians who come up the way you come up when they shut out, like the Jess Hilarious the Desi Banks or whatever you get so behind the times that you it, it just doesn't come off. Well a lot of times. And I think for you guys and what you do, you're trying to figure out social media. Yeah. If it doesn't come off well then fans kind of start to look at you a little differently.


You gotta battle so many different things because they do. Yeah. It is what's here right now. So the fact that you're Look Like the old on Instagram, like you, you can't get around that You Yeah. Who are you talking to? First of all, you brought up, you said I just came, UV wasn't, No, but listen, when you said Duvall wasn't young, I looked it up. I thought he was way younger. He's 47. I thought Duval was younger. I Thought Duvall was like not too, I thought he was like maybe 40. Dang. He gives Young energy. But I'm saying he, I just think that it's dope to see people embracing it because they be hating like a lot of the old his be hating. And it's crazy because what a J you doing that old head around that word around a lot, lot, man. What's wrong with that? Why Are people upset about being called older?


That's a gift to age and to have what you have. We not, it's just how you said how you said Well I don't mean That I don't mean it no way. What I'm saying to you is, is that No, I know what you mean. Yeah. I think it's prior to see you doing it. Yeah. Because a lot of people don't. Yeah. A lot of you Not about embracing It. Lot of, yeah. A lot of older guys, they don't know how to, you know, they don't really don't know how to embrace that man. But my, like I said, man, that's what we supposed to do. We gotta keep on handing it down to each other. 'cause I'm gonna be in a position one day, I'm gonna need one of the young dudes to put me in a Right. That's what Red Fox and Eddie Murphy put Red Fox in. That's right. He looked out for Red Fox gave him money Richard Time yesterday. Yeah. So yeah. Hell yeah. Now let's get messy. What you want to ask me How you not got some Kevin Hart signed on to be the entertainment dog for the Paces in Fever.


You all from Indiana, super famous from Indiana, right? And then built a whole community in Indiana. Yeah. How did that make you feel that they didn't call you for That? Well, you know what I thought about it. I was the ambassador for the men's Allstar in Indiana this past Allstar. Eh, Kev should have called me if he was in Indianapolis because I, I definitely called him when I was in Philly. But he didn't answer the phone. I wanted to call him and say, Hey man, I'm downtown at the Eagles game. 'cause I was, we had a show in in Philly And I was calling him to tell him, man, I'm downtown Philly. Boy they going crazy at the parade. But you know, everybody got, they different, different things about how they feel. Man, you know, who goes to Indiana?


I, I'm still trying to figure out who the want to go there and do something in Indiana other than myself. I'm the only fan they got outside, outside of, outside of India, outside of what they fans are in that city. You know, Hey man, it's, it's politics And then, and then a lot of times people that are not in a business, like people are not in comedy, people are not in the rap game that run entities. They don't know. Right. They think me and Kevin sitting in the backyard drinking ice tea together, you know what I'm saying? So you really can't get upset about it, but it's enough for everybody. Man. You know what Emini here? Yeah. Kev, he put, he put on, he put on enough young comics and people.


So, you know, I didn't get slighted about that, man. It's cool. So Y'all talking though, so the fact that you called him and you was in Philly, Y'all Oh yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah. We, we, we, me and Kevin talked man, and again man, I'm, everything I do now, I put an age on it. You know what Emini here. So I think about it and I'm like, Nope, you too old. Nope, you too old. Nope, you too old. Too old to talk, too old to be broke. I'm too old for all of that. You know what, Emini here, you just get to a point in your age where you just, Hey man, I'm just trying to get what I can get out of it. Yeah. And, and you know, but Knowing Kev though, I know he gonna reach out for you to do something when he put that together. Oh yeah. Well, well that's what I'm saying. We, I was just on the phone with him telling him that that's what we gotta do.


The white boys do it. Right. They, you already look up all them white boys be together doing movies and television together. Why we can't do it. That's right. I got into business through Ice Cube. I didn't get into business through and white people like who they like and I'm not, you know, I'm not really like that dude that they like, ah, because you can't rub on my head and pat me on the ass And I don't play none of that. So, And I think they figured that out. Okay. This is, we can't do that with not gonna do it with 'em. So, you know. Hey, But you've had a great career. Emini here. The Upshaw's is killing what they on? They what? Fifth season? Fifth season. Fifth season up. Yep. Swear by that show. They love that. I appreciate it. And that came from my idea. That came from an idea that's about my hometown and loosely based on my life.


You know? So I'm, I can't complain. I'm, I'm grateful. I'm happy. I ain't got no beef with nobody. I'm just trying to continue to live on do what I do. All we Got more with Mike Epps when we come back. It's The Breakfast Club. Good morning. Morning everybody. It's Djj Envy, Jess. Hilarious. Charlamagne the guy. We are The Breakfast Club. We're still kicking it with Mike Epps. Now Mike Epps, how many kids do you have? Seven. Man, you had To think about that. He said all the ones you click. What are some not the one that, that he said, oh, you think you got some kids out there? You don't know. I hope not. You hope not. I hope not. That's no, you ain't that kind of guy. You know. Hey, I'm glad you know that, Mike.


You ain't That kind of guy, but you're not either. Don't let him it on you. I'm not now. Okay. She Has a nap time player. What you talking about? Listen, but listen. But back in the day, sh Look, the last, I couldn't keep my pants up The way. All the la the way all the smoke went. Just focus over here. I'm trying to keep you in, in good graces. Yes. Yes. So don't lean into what he's saying right now. Don't lean over there. You can talk about your old days. Old days. Yeah. They old days. Yeah, they old days. Slinging it like a pistol. Slinging it, man. But you know what though? Hey man, if you can survive anything and be there to talk about it, it is cash money. That's right.


I Agree. I don't care what it is. If you survived it and you standing there talking about it, it's cash money. That's Why we listen to Magic Johnson so heavy Now. That's right. That's right. That man lived a life. Magic Johnson. Yeah. Yeah. And, and what? And you'll forget sometimes you Forget that he got HIV. Yeah. You see what I'm saying? Some of the women probably do too. They Probably like, they not, man, y'all are crazy now. You got a young child too. Yeah. So how, how is being a, a old head? 'cause we all old heads raising that young child. Man, I love it. They giving me life. I got a son four years old And I got a daughter five and they giving me life. And I ain't no old type dude. I can get up and run right now fast as I want to and do whatever I want to do.


So Why you looking at me when you said that? Huh? You looked at me when you said that. What? Which part? That you not no old dude. No old type dude. Because You call me older than I I meant that by like iconic legend. Aging. But you like you have the, you have it. You know what Emini here, like you got the, I didn't mean it like, but Think about it though. You only, you 54, right? You got a 5-year-old. How old you say a 4-year-old. 4-year-old. So think about that. Steve Harvey's 68. Yeah. Eddie Murphy is 60 And they look good. That's what I'm saying. Ain't Good. How much life we gotta live Arsenio. 69. I think that's right. You all Living over here too. I didn't mean it that way. Emini here. No, no. That's why she's single. That's all good. That's All How old her wig look Mike, She ain't got no wig on. Thank you. I appreciate it.


It is grown from the scalp. You hate her? Yeah. He just happy. 'cause his, his face surgery is new so he's still giving one color on the face. You Don't get no surgery. It's young. Surgery is Young. So he, that's what he leaning into. What the fuck did I just walk into talk about how old wig his old into Yeah. All three of y'all man, I'll stay. I love that, that that interview. That was my best interview of y'all. Indeed. It was only 20 seconds with Bird Man, I love that interview. It was so hilarious. All three of y'all don't say my name no more. Yeah man. I loved it man. But right now I'm on this tour right now.


Shout out to Shout out to BMN Entertainment. You Done with the mask? 'cause I did have some other questions. You better ask you man. Right here. Got about a couple minutes left. He gotta go. Okay. So shoot. Okay, so I mentioned all the smoke. You had to come out with the apology after sitting on all the smoke and you talked about learning how to finally get Apologized to all the Smoke. It's right. Yeah. When you sat down all those, all the smoke podcasts with Matt Barnes, what did Steven, you said that you were, you wanted to get to a point where you were treating women a hundred percent right? Or something like that. Yeah. And I think people took it the wrong way because you've been been with your wife for right a while. Right? I saw y'all at the NAACP image awards looked amazing. But does that even come back up in conversation in your relationship? Or how does she handle you being able to joke like you just did about things now that that has happened?


No, my wife's a grown ass woman. She's the truth. She don't pay attention to none of that petty, she not petty. She ain't, she ain't no little girl. So yeah, she can decipher when I'm saying something that that that I might not have meant the right way or whatever. She know when I'm talking and when I'm, you know, she know me. So I didn't say nothing to really def offend nobody. You know. But it is the truth. It take men a long time to get they together. That's right. Oh, I know that. And, and every woman that's with Amans gotta be a little bit more patient than we are with them. 'cause it takes a while. It takes a while for man to, you know, get a shit together. It's Emini here. We, we got, we fighting up against so much temptation. It's like damn. It's like woo.


You gotta be a certain kind of guy to, to really survive and navigate through The World. Sean, we was just talking about Whoopi Goldberg the other Day. Is that who you want? All I want. She say she looked good at the Oscar. She did look good. You know, because yeah, when she on the view she look a little, little fluffy, but she looked, Her skin was right. Her Skin was right. You know, body look right. Ain't giving the OG a compliment. That's so that's it had nothing to do with nothing. Yeah. Well lemme find out. Ain't got nothing But this tour that I'm on, Hold on. Yeah. Because I, this is what I came to promote This tour. This tour. We, the one we the ones Tour I came to promote this man because we got some young bad comedians.


And if you in a city and you ain't seen this tour Emini here, probably a lot of y'all probably seen wilding out. You know them little. It's all, all right. Wilding out, you know, throwing a shot, Wilding out. I'm just saying they do a tour, But y'all do a tour tour. Nick Cannon and them, they doing a tour. But we do a, this tour right here is, this is the best young comics coming up in the game right now. How did it become like a staple talk? Because like I remember it started a few years ago. Yeah. But like every year since y'all been doing this. So how did it become like a staple talk? Well, Shout out to my man Blake man promoter outta Chicago. This young brother has been promoting for a long time. He does a great job.


He started out, before I started, before I came along, he had D Ray so many other shoes shows in Chicago for New Year's Eve. And they were selling out sometime two and three shows, man, 10, 20,000 people. So when he put this tour together, you know, I came along like I said, man we come on man. You got country Wayne, you got Lil Duval, you got Corey Holcomb, you got Tony Roberts, you got Bubba Dub. Man it Called those Miller. Miller, Carlos Miller Mojo. Man, these, these tell me any young comics is better than these young dudes. These young dudes is brand. What's some OGs in there now? Corey's an og. Corey is og. But see I don't think nobody funnier than a lot of the og.


Like Corey is one of the funniest stage in The World to me. Like Raw or he don't give a Yeah, he gonna say what he wanna say, how he wanna say it. He don't care. And, and that's the great thing. We, it's a nucleus of young dudes and we throw in a couple old guys in there, but it's still a young happy hopping tour. You know what I'm saying? So this tour is good man. We was in Brooklyn. They messed around and put us the day after the fight. So we didn't get the crowd. Last year we did 10,000 people in Barclays. Wow. And this year we only did about 4,000. But you know, the fight kind of messed us up. But this tour and It was weird. It was on a Sunday. I didn't even know y'all was in town. I said, we Thought y'all were coming up here to promote For next weekend. Next weekend. God. Because I didn't even Know. I didn't even know I was gonna go.


But then I seen on Instagram You wasn't gonna go. I ain't never seen coming. I always go to comedy show. Do you? Yeah. You pop out it That all time comedy show all we got more with comedian Mike Epps. When we come back it's The Breakfast Club. Good morning. Morning everybody. It's DJ NV Jess. Hilarious. Charlamagne the guy. We are The Breakfast Club. We're still kicking it with Mike Epps. Charlamagne You Congrat to your daughter got accepted to New York University for drama. Yeah. NYU. Wow. Congratulations. New York University N NYU University. It's New York University. It's N-Y-N-Y-U. How'd that make you feel as a father? Oh man, this is the thing. I didn't graduate from high school. I was a special ed student. And for my daughter to graduate and go to NYU, it's a compliment.


Wow. You know, I had to give her mother props as well. Her mother did a great job with her. But my daughter is running around NYU and that's the same place I ran around doing comedy at In the Village. Wow. Wow. I used to sit in that Washington Park and with no money and watch people and people watch and, and now my daughter's running around that same area in college. So man, I'm grateful And I just thank God that, that I was able to raise a child to be able to go get an education that's, you know, so That's amazing. That's what It's a buck. It Is. Because I You Said you was in special ed? Hell yeah. I, I had, I was in there for a semester 'cause I failed a, a class so I wasn't like Emini here. I failed a, a standardized test.


But they had me in one math class that was special ed. There was just one with the special ed. I wasn't in special ed. Special Ed. No, you was in there. What you was I crazy? Hey man in there for 30 minutes. Man, your ass was in there. I wasn't special people. But like, don't do that. You went outside with the folks. Just say that didn't eat lunch. It is okay. Didn't But special Education is not about the the short bus. See a lot of people get it twisted. There are kids that are slow learners. They don't know how to learn as fast as other kids. That's right. That's how I was. I could read a whole book and tell you They couldn't tell, tell you what it was.


But you gotta give them kids a break too. 'cause you look, look at Elon Musk. Yeah. This a dude you could damn, you could tell he wasn't doing shit in the classroom. You know what Emini here. But look who he is. Look where he is at. And not to big him up or to knock him down, but you gotta give people a chance. You don't know what a kid going to turn out to be. That's right. That's right. And that's how I am Emini here. You man, it's, it's so hard to, I run into people who treated me like, And I still treat 'em nice because I know they don't know. I'm like, okay, I'm gonna give you a break 'cause I know you didn't know I was gonna be somebody and I'm gonna still treat you nice because you didn't know. This is, we are the ones tour man. I'm your host Mike. And we gonna be coming to every local city. We, we going to.


We'll be in. Lemme Help you. Lemme help you. Lemme help you. Detroit on the seventh. Come Ohio on the eighth. Come on Fairfax on the ninth. Come on. March 14th. New Orleans, Louisiana. Let's go 15th Alabama. Oh, y'all only Got a website, man. Go get. Yeah, we got a website, but that just did is really gonna work. We got an envy shout out on there, man. You know what I'm saying?


The World is constantly changing. It's up to you to decide how to respond. Choose to be bold to try something new. Choose to reinvent yourself. That's what Nissan did with the all new totally reimagined kicks. The dynamic new exterior styling immediately announces that Nissan isn't messing around the interior. A completely redesigned cabin with premium features like wireless apple cart play and a panoramic bru roof make driving a kicks impressive and exciting. And with new performance and safety features like intelligent all-wheel drive, the kicks is both more fun and safer to drive than ever before. It's the dawning of a brand new era for the Nissan Kicks. Only one question remains. Is it a new era for you as well? Drive the all new reimagine Nissan Kicks today Available feature. Bose is a registered trademark of the Bose Corporation Nissan Safety Shield technologies can't prevent all collisions or worn in all situations. See owner's manual for important safety information.


Charlemagne tha God here. And I want you to know from Curtis 50 cent Jackson and the executive producers of Power, the hit Stars original series, raising Canaan is coming back The new season of the Family Crime drama continues the origin story of fan favorite Canaan Stark, originally played by 50 cent in the flagship series Power. As he delves further into his evolution from a devoted son into the ruthless villain that fans have known and love from the jump. This is a transformative season for Canaan that you won't wanna miss the new season of Raising Canaan Premieres March 7th, only on Stars in the Stars app.


Hey fam, if you're like me, you are thinking about how to level up in your career. Maybe you're fresh out of college, just starting in your field or even looking to switch things up and find your true calling. Whatever stage you're in, remember that this is your time to grow, to learn, and to build something that lasts. State Farm understands that early career development is key to long-term success. They've been a steady presence in our communities and they know that having the right support early on can make all the difference. State Farm is there to help you make smart moves and to help you get the coverage you need. We all know that the journey to success is a marathon, not a sprint. It's about staying focused, staying grounded, and making sure you're protected every step of the way. Let's build our careers with confidence knowing that State Farm is there to support us just like they've always been because like a good neighbor is State Farm is there. Find out more at State Farm dot com.


Have you seen this new commercial from Standup to All Hate? It's Snoop Dogg and Tom Brady spewing hate at each other. But when you really listen to them, the reasons are just so stupid. This one really stopped me. It's a strong reminder that hate in our country continues to be out of control. So join us at The Breakfast Club and standing up to it. If you see hate speak up, call it out and learn more by following at What's Up With Hate.


How long Breakfast Club been going? Man? It'll Be 15 years this year. Yeah. 15, 16 years. Do you know the first time I met him he was working with Wendy Williams? Yeah. Yeah. How was that? Was he sitting on That lap or When he was sitting in the corner quiet. Really? Yes. You was on the show, but you wasn't saying he was On Timeout that day. And then I looked up again And I seen, I seen you with I'm like, this dude that was the dude. This mother got a show and he end up with a show. Yeah, yeah, Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah. You know, I wanted to ask you, we had Jaqui up here. Yeah. Jaqui. He said, Yo, you know exactly. Yo, what's wrong, Mike? Man, Mike front. Mike one Michael Front for one second.


Did he catch his himself? I believe Listen Ja, that's right there. Jaqui said, And I told him I don't believe this. He said you told him he was the next Marvin gay. Well, I I I told him, I said Ja Jacque. I told him he could be. Why you lie to that man like that? Was it a lie? Yes. You said he he He a good, he Good. Can he sing to you? Yeah. Gay Sing. Absolutely. He could sing. But you said he, you look at him like Marvin Gaye, like, he's like our generation's. Marvin Gaye. I think people were like, I told Mike was high. Man Mike, Mike wanted to make you feel good that day. Hey man, let me tell you something man. It's probably some little girl out there that think this Marvin Gaye sometimes you have to, Hey man, I'm, I'm, I'm about empowering the youth.


Yeah, yeah, yeah. And I'll tell them that they can be the president knowing damn well they can't, you Ain't gonna tell none of these little young comedians. They could be they they could be Richard Pryor. Yeah, I done told all of 'em. Who You told Gave we appreciate you for joining Us, brother. You done told them all. Man, thank y'all for being nice to me because I know y'all up. Mike cut it out. Mike PP Club. Mike PPS Club Shake, shake coming this year. Club Shake. Nah, I ain't gonna do no Club Chaa because I'm still trying to figure out why. I'm like, I told And I told, I was like, I know Y'all had to sit down Shannon Sharp. Y'all gotta bring some white men on here and and grill 'em. You can't just grill black people. Mm. Because they ain't Right. And I know we make money off clickbait, but clickbait them white folks.


Get some of your NFL players that you know was up, get 'em on his show because that's real Kat Williams that he did. It was good but it was bad. It was, it was, it was good because we enjoyed it. But damn man, he hurt them dudes feeling saying all that crazy. So we got, man, we gotta we gotta balance it out man. Shannon Sharp, if you listening, we wanna see you interview some of them football players, some of them white football players that was in the NFL that was up just to bounce And I don't know race. But you can't just interview black men that let them pour out all they pain on television, on, on these, on these podcasts. Man, that's some bullshit, you know? 'cause we more than just problems.


We, we, we everything man. We we got talent. You know, we got families, we, we, we are, we're entrepreneurs. We all of that. So we have to keep shedding the light on the positive part of that. We already got enough negative light. We want a podcast. We wanna start bringing people on the letter even though, you know, people don't want to hear that. But man, let's talk about some positive on these. You know, like Nap Town Productions, Nap town production. You Got good American family that come out on Hulu this Sunday. Good American family. Yep. I produced a, a show Good American family with Ellen Pompeo, another Nap Town production. Love Ellen. And shout out to my team tc, my man Niles. Shout out to Big Shout out to my wife.


You know? 'cause that's where it starts. You know, before you leave the house you got to be all the way. Right. So big shout out. Everybody should give my wife a prize 'cause she's the one that's getting me to these TV shows. And you know what, Emini here? Yes. But I was able to produce that show, man. And it's all white cast based outta Indianapolis. If you haven't never seen the the the, the movie The Dwarf. That's what it's about. About this young girl who played the Be a a a an adult. But she was really a kid and they adopted her. She was trying to kill him. But anyway. Has Cube approached you about last Friday Yet? He called me the other day. Mm wow. Said we doing just finished the deal. Oh wow. So we doing the last Friday, man. And big shout out to Cube Man.


That's another brother that has put so many brothers on, man. Yes sir. And don't really get the props for it. You know, put me Chris Tucker, Bernie Emini here, name 'em. This dude gave dudes opportunities. And that's what I'm doing on the Upshaw. Man. I got, I just had Scarface on the show acting. I had Petey Pablo on the show. I had so many comics on the show. And you know, that's what we do. We turn, we, we we turn it on black men putting black men in a position where they could feed they family and build legacies. Have you seen the script for last Friday? I haven't seen the script. Okay. But I'm pretty sure it's good. And, and we gonna bring in the new comics. We gonna put the DC Young flies and all of them then with the OGs. It's gonna be a good ass.


That's Dope. Is Chris Tucker gonna be a part of it too? You Chris is they gonna combine all The World? I don Hopefully we can get Chris Tucker in it. Yeah, yeah, yeah. You know, we need to get Chris Tucker on, on, on that because people still love Chris Tucker. He's still smokey. He laid it down. He put, he positioned me to do it. So Chris, if you listen to it, we need you baby boy. Come on back. You Know when y'all start shooting? We don't know when we start shooting. But the deal done. The deal's done and the Upshaw's keep watching. Upshot that man. Shout out to Wanda Sykes. Shout out to Kim Fields the Ho Cast. I love them people man. Unfortunately this is our last season, but I thought it was seven. Nah, we did five seasons, you know, but Oh, I Thought it know why I thought already gonna Season seven is a Personal choice. When I tell you my grandma mama, they swear by the show.


They love the show. They love, they love show. Yes. Why, Why last season The show was changing. The kids are getting older. It's hadish run sometime those shows do that. Man. You know, me and Tiffany Hadish have a show now. Okay. That we about to do together. Dope. That's like the Upshaw. It's gonna be about a bar like Cheers or Black Cheers. It's gonna be off the hood. Oh dope. Yeah. Okay. So, so man we we gonna keep the ball rolling. We gonna keep some entertainment in your face, you know. That's Right. And support everything. Mike Epps doing that, right? The one Yeah, we the ones tour that's We didn't ones tour. That's right. That's right. I'm gonna come to like three to tour dates so you know. I didn't mean to call you off. Yeah. Come on. Yeah. Come on. No girl. You ain't gonna take that scene. It's Mike Epps. It's The Breakfast Club. Good morning. Ooh. Every Time I hear that song in you a turn up Me and don't make you want to turn up me and Lauren.


Me and Lauren was bonding over here over Housewives. Oh, for real Housewives of Atlanta. Yeah. We were just, we were just watching an episode and we were bonding. That's amazing. And we were having girl talk until you came in here. Alright, carry on. Go ahead. I ain't stopping. Y'all know what you got to do with me. Oh man. Continue. Morning everybody. We are The Breakfast Club. Let's get to the mess with Lauren LaRosa Worldwide Mess on The Breakfast Club. She's the coach with Lauren. Lauren LaRosa a badass. And I got the mess. Talk, talk to me. Why you looking at me like that? Charlamagne? You all right, good. How you look at I go, I just did my makeup sitting right here with this Horrible lighting.


Okay. I'm confused. I was like, who is this person? Who is this new Person? Don't, don't do me. Because the fresh face was given and it was glowing by God. But let's focus on the mess instead of you're messy. So the other day here we were talking about, we were showing some love to Mr. Angie Stone rest. I mentioned that I saw online the biopic that she mentioned in here was still in development. Let's take a listen to when she was here back in 2019 and talking about the biopic. Has any of the new artists thanked you? City girls ain't never thanked y'all. No, They don't know. But, but, but I, I promise you they will know because I'm actually getting ready to do, we're working on a biopic Ralph, who I'm working with who did Hollywood husbands on the, on the biopic and we are gonna have to cross all these lanes.


Yes. So I reached out to her rep, Ms. Deborah Champagne, wanting to know, because it's still listed as in development on IMDB, which is for people who don't know it, it'll tells you like where shows are as far as production. I said, Hey, you know what's going on? Did did this move forward? Where did you know, where did it leave off? Can we look to see something? And she says that the Angie Stone biopic has not been finished. Mm. It is still in the development stage at this moment. All that they can say is that in 2021, Angie Stone was working with literary writers who worked for an agency out of London to publish her biopic in book form. But due to schedules, the status of the book was placed on hold to revisit at a later time. But she does insist that the story does need to be told.


So this is something that they are going to definitely try and figure out now. But as of right now, that's where it left off book. It's a, it's a book form now and shit began it. But it's on hold right now. I wonder if the book was done or how far along they were. I I did ask that but she couldn't get into it right now. She just told me that they are gonna revisit it soon because it's important for Angie Stone's story to be told. Absolutely. Rest in peace to Angie Stone. 8 0 3 Legend Man, Columbia, South Carolina legend right there. Neo Soul Icon, hip Hop icon. Well Neo Soul Pioneer Hip hop Pioneer r and B Icon. Absolutely. Yeah. And they're also working to put together a really great memorial service for her. And we'll keep you guys updated on like what that will be and when it'll happen and all that stuff as well too. And don't y'all be going to Angie Memorial going up there singing, they can't sing now y'all pick the right people to go up there and sing the song.


For real. I hate when they do that black when somebody that can sing they ass off and then they bring somebody up there that can't sing. Y'all know Angie would've wanted somebody up there that can sing. Now I'm sure they can s that together, especially Angie get the right sangs, they'll get it. Okay, Well hopefully they will. Now moving on to other news, Lamont Roach and Davonte Tank Davis. They fought at the Barclay over the weekend. It was a draw. Some people think Lamont Roach should have won the fight. Others are saying no. The draw was fair at this point. Y'all done bullied Davonte Tank Davis into announcing a a, a tentative time for a rematch. So now Davante Tank Davis is saying that there will likely be a rematch of some sort at the end of May.


The rematch can be soon to dot, dot.like end of May. He tweeted. Now I say that you guys have bullied him into that because the insults were flying online after this fight, especially yesterday. And you'll remember in the beginning after the fight he said Let's take a listen. Do you want that rematch next? And if so, how likely it is that we're, you know, we're to see that fight happen again this year. I'm Not sure bro. Hopefully we could get it before. Nah, it probably won't be this year. Is that the one you want next? That's the, yeah, it's definitely the one I want next. But it's not gonna be next. Yeah. So originally that was right after the fight. He said Nah, I'm not focused on that right now. But now it's like okay, he's setting a date or at least a month for people to look forward to.


So what was happening online yesterday was Lamont Roach had shared a video of Adrian Bronner after his Pacquiao fight declaring that he won the fight and Roach had added the caption facts and then Javonte allegedly responded that basically Lamont Roach should be happy that it didn't get knocked out. He said that his dad was jumping up and down in the corner when y'all made it to the 12th round. But the tweet was deleted. So then Lamont Roach responded back to that tweet and he said, yo, it was a lot of back and forth. He responded back to that tweet and he said he was never, he was never worried about that. I guess talking about getting knocked down. Truth be told you, he says Tank hits like a the B word and that whoever was jumping up and down, oh his dad was jumping up and down because basically he was going off that.


So what you talking about? So then Tank said, or Javonte take, David said and say no more. I'm pushing for the REM Max. Lamont Roach responded to him and made it clear. He said, what you mean you pushing my contract already is signed and set for immediate rematch. 'cause you put that in there just in case you lost Only reason we don't fight, we didn't fight is because you're scared. And that's the one everybody should be focusing on. They should be focusing on that. If there's already, if there already was a rematch clause and Lamont has already signed up for the rematch, you know Yeah there's be, there would be no reason for Tank not the one to do the rematch. Nah, Asap. They gotta do the rematch. Now I did hear that this is just a rumor that Tank and Jake Paul was gonna line up the fight. So that might've been what Tank had planned next. Yeah, but I feel like the minute that this fight happened and was called the way that it was called, if I'm Tank, I'm instantly like nah we gotta, we gotta run that back.


You should Absolutely this don't look good. We gotta run that back. And that's not what he did instantly. And now it's changing. So it's like, but If Tank was supposed to fight Jake Paul, that's a way bigger payday and might he might be talking about the bigger payday 'cause he keeps talking retiring. He keeps talking about one more year And I'm out here. So's true But, but if the fight with Jake Paul is big now it's a le because of what Happened with Roach. No, I think people wanna see this now. It's like a left turn. Jake, Paul, Jake Paul's, I think this will be big. Not as big than would've Been. Nah it would've been bigger. But I think he needs to do that rematch. I think he needs to do the re match with Roach and they need to do it in the DMV. Well That would be amazing. Another issue with this is that that that the knee people are arguing that that should have been a knockout or what? That Should have Been a knockout. So now that controversial non call is under reviewed by the New York State Athletic Commission and they said in a statement, a technical issue may have prevented the commission from acting during the fight at the Barclay Center in Brooklyn, New York.


That's according to their statement because it ended in the draw. Yeah. So this incident occurred in the ninth round when y'all remember when, yeah. Tank Davis ante dropped to the knee and then headed back to his corner. The referee, Steve Willis started a mandatory 10 count before allowing Davis to resume fighting without penalty after Davis got his eyes white with a towel. He, and then you guys remember Tank also later said that he took the knee and headed to his corner because something was in his eyes. So basically they're gonna be reviewing this. That should have been a knockdown. I never trust that referee 'cause I don't like his eyes. His eye, his eyes are like a fish. His eyes are on the sides of his head. You know how eyes like this, they spread apart his eyes on the side of his head. I never like his eyes, I don't trust, I've never liked that ref. What's that Referer name? I can't remember his name right now.


His Name is I bet If you Google referee with crazy eyes, it'll be him. Referee Steve Willis. Steve Willis Willis. Yeah. Yeah. I never like Steve Willis. But let me ask you a question. If you were roach, would you want that win or would you say let's keep a drawing fight again. 'cause I wouldn't want that 1000 keep The draw fight again And I think that I would've keep a draw fight again. Yeah, please gimme the win fight against anyway. Yeah, because it'd Be too much controversy. It'd be an as win that win wouldn't. Yes it would. No it wouldn't. We all saw the fight that should have been called a knocked down because it Wasn't a, a real knockdown. If it was a real knockdown then I get it. He would want that fight again. I wanna take that draw and and gimme that Fight again. I wanna, I wanna add more to their statement. 'cause it it, it makes it make more sense. So basically there was the commission's request to replay video of what happened when the knee was taken and then there was a technical issue that made it where they couldn't do the replay.


I guess in the allotted time for review, You take a knee in a fight, you get deducted points. I that's, that's facts. That's been the rule since the beginning of Time. That's what it should have been. Well That was a clear knee. We'll See what happens as we wrap up and now this fight is ranked as the highest growth event ever at the Barlay Center. Really? Yeah. The, yeah. Yep. Alright, well congratulations. Rematch. Let's Our second highest. The Second highest. Yes. Alright, well that was the mess with Laura La Rosa Charlamagne. Who we giving that down too? Christopher Newton. He's a Florida man. He needs to come to the front of the congregation. We would like to have a word with him. I'm telling y'all there's a whole group of people out here who think that crime is normal. We'll discuss. Alright, We'll get to that. Next it The Breakfast Club. Good morning you are checking out The Breakfast Club.


Your execution on the donkey of the day is something to go. We gonna read. He gave me Donkey of the day And I deserve, the people need to know. Well you need to tell them I am. You have the voice. Tell them. Tell tell. It's time for Donkey of the Day. It's a read but you're so good at it. You trying to be a fake ass Charlamagne. There's only one charlamagne above damn Charlamagne who you give Dia day to now. Donkey today for Tuesday, March 4th goes to a Florida man named Christopher Newton. Now what does your Uncle Charla always say about the great state of Florida? The craziest people in America come from the Bronx and all of Florida and today is no exception. Now I have a theory that people don't know right from wrong anymore because of social media.


Let me explain. You can go on social media and literally witness any criminal activity you want. And we end up seeing these at we end up seeing these activities so much that some people probably don't even know what they're witnessing is criminal. Okay? It is criminal. When you watch people get punched in the face on social media. Alright? It's criminal. When you see folks flashing illegal guns on social media, it is criminal. When you see people showing off drugs, they are using and selling. Okay? Street racing, reckless driving, drifting animal abuse. It's so many crimes we witness on social media. But because we don't see the consequences of them displaying this criminal behavior as often as we should, a lot of people think this stuff is normal. Well, in the words of the Honorable Minister Lewis Farah, just because something has become the norm doesn't mean it's normal.


And committing crime is never gonna be normal. And just because you commit crimes and act like it's every day, you know regular SME activities does not make what you doing not a crime. Okay. Christopher Newton didn't get that memo though because he's out here moving, like the crimes he's committing are normal. According to Fox 13, Tampa Bay, Christopher Newsom or Christopher Newton has been arrested on drug charges after deputies say he left a baggie of cocaine in a house he was being trespassed from. Now I have never heard the phrase he was being trespassed from. I've heard the phrase he was trespassing, but I'm also not the highest grade of weed in the dispensary. So maybe that's the proper way to reference that. I don't know. But this is the Florida education system we are talking about.


But according to Fox 13 Tampa Bay, okay, a Florida man was arrested on drug charges after deputies say he left a baggie of cocaine and a home he was trespassed from. Now what had happened was Christopher Newsom text the homeowner who just asked him to leave about a bag of cocaine left on the nightstand. Okay? And he sent that text while deputies were at the house. Sidebar, the sooner you realize people be on cocaine, the less you take things personally. Back to the story. Now, according to the Holmes County Sheriff's Office deputies, they responded to a call on Friday about having Christopher Newton removed from a home he was trespassing in. And while on the scene Christopher texted the homeowner saying he left a baggie of boo of sugar on the nightstand.


Deputies got consent to search the room where Christopher had been staying and found a plastic bag of that happy dust that nostril dandruff. So Christopher was arrested and charged with possession of cocaine. Now listen to me. It's unclear how long Christopher stayed in this house before he was asked to be removed for trespassing. But clearly he was either comfortable, high or dumb enough to think he shared some type of relationship with this person to say, Hey, I left my Bolivian marching powder on the nightstand. Now I have another hypothetical. Whoever called the police on Christopher was either sniffing with him or fed up that he kept sniffing and wouldn't stop. When they got this text from Christopher, they got paranoid because they thought the cops would find the cocaine and they would go to jail for it.


So they showed the police Christopher's texts to save their own ass. The moral of the story is this, A crime is a crime because we condemn it and there are not a lot of crimes being condemned enough in our society. So folks don't even know they are crimes. Possession of cocaine is indeed a crime. And to text somebody like you left your wallet when it's a bag of cocaine lets me know that there are people walking amongst us who don't know that sniffing cocaine is actually a crime. Envy. I'm sure you left your laptop or something at somebody's house before, right? Laptop. Yeah. I thought was about to say you. I thought I was about to learn something like about You was a laptop. Yes. I what?


What you thought? I said I thought you was gonna say he left his cocaine. So Yeah, I was like this house. I said y kicked stop. I heard you stop. Okay Lauren, I'm sure you've left a wig or something on somebody's nightstand, but a bag of cocaine, you wouldn't just text. I left my cocaine on the nightstand. You could say, yo, I left my laptop over there. You could text that. You could text. I left my wig over there. But to say I I, I, you know you left your cocaine. That's not something you Just say, Hey, I left that. I'm coming back to get it. Okay. But if I had left cocaine at somebody's house, I wouldn't text somebody and say, Hey I left cocaine at your house. I would Just say, yo, I just left something. I'm coming back to get it. That's how we talk because we were raised in an era where we knew we were committing crimes.


We knew right from wrong but we were trying to not get caught either. This generation don't know, don't show or don't give a damn about being arrested for the blatant crimes they are committing. Please give Christopher Newton the biggest. He haw. Make sure this man's last name Ed is Newton. Alright. I kept saying Newton Newsome Newton, all types of stuff. For The record, I think it's a worse crime to leave your wig somewhere than your cocaine. How many times have you done it? Never. I'm not Saying you never left your wig at somebody else. No. Why would I just leave my wig? Like I'm just leaving with the braids. Like what is Happening? Post it. What is it? The braids? Yes. I can see you doing that. No, I'll be back. See you being so confident. I would never thinking you could just walk out the house without a wig.


Emini here you Can see that Emini. Here I am. Beautiful. Thank you. But no, I would never leave my wig just randomly. First of all, they cost a lot of money. Like these are not cheap. Your Wigs? Yes. Oh, why you say the yoss like that. You gotta pay to get 'em made. Okay, stop playing with me. I meant to ask like now that Trump is putting the tariff on like China and stuff like that, how does that affect the way you really You away from China? We, we gonna build them up. We gonna build up the closet. All the girls are gonna have, you know what Emini here Fair has been sitting and waiting. Mahogany is here now this is Mahogany Brown so we're gonna build up a few more girlies so that way I can rotate and I'll be good. Okay, well congratulations To me or the guy who got his cocaine back. No congratulations.


Congratulations to you. Okay. Alright, well thank you for that donkey today. Now when we come back, a little Duval will be joining us. We gonna kick it with Duval. You know he's on him. We the ones comedy tour and we gonna talk to him next. All right. It's The Breakfast Club. Good morning. The Breakfast Club Morning everybody. It's DJ j Envy. Jess, Hilarious. Charlamagne the guy. We are The Breakfast Club Lord. The roasts here as well. We got a special guest in the building. That's Right. Ladies And gentlemen. Lou Duvall. Yep. I ain't gonna be on here too long 'cause I ain't got nothing bad to say. Nothing. How you feeling? First and foremost, I'm feeling blessed and highly famous. We Not even that kind of show Anymore. We Used to be But on the Real y'all act like I don't know y'all Pause, pause, Pause, pause, pause.


I be thinking about Lou Dall a lot, right? Why you gotta pause that if it ain't gay, y'all Know how you think automatically. No, that's the man. Yes. You fly a lot And with everything that's been going on with all these, these airlines and airports, what's your feeling when it comes to flying? Because you fly yourself. I feel like the same way y'all feel when y'all see a car accident, y'all pass right by. Mm. That's how I feel about with the planes. I've been flying for a while now so And you've been flying for a while so you used to it it just now it's been on, it's the main topic now. So y'all scared. So it's the same thing to me But, and you know it's funny, those private flights like yours are the ones that usually crash the most more than anything. More the Commercial. We on the commercial? Well maybe so, maybe so. But it's all, it's usually the pilot era.


It's usually just like the car accident. It's usually the car. The car. The driver. The Driver. But the reason I brought that up, because if you was gonna be scared, you'd been scared a long time ago. Yeah. Yeah. Emini here. I was scared at first 'cause I was like, yo, I ain't know no better. And then, And I had a, I bought the first plane I could get and soon as I landed that cut off. So just made a cut off it. Just cut off the engine, cut off. Soon as I landed that my first plane, soon as I landed that cut off. What? You can't jump Into what you gotta get towed out the way. No, I landed so I, I'm lie, you know what I'm saying? My first plane that cut off. So I learned how I learned about planes and everything just by getting going in head first. So now I'm here to teach our own people How Many planes you done had so far? I got three planes now. Mm. What kind?


I got a Cessna Golden Eagle. I got a Baron Beach craft And I got a sea plane that you laying on water. Okay. I think the best thing people can learn about Duval is that everything is subjective. Like, you know, whatever you want your life to be and and, and you live that life. If that's making you happy, that's it. Yeah, that's pretty much what it is man. That's, I'm one of the few that was able to do what I want to do and be successful at it. You know what I'm saying? Like we created our own.


The World is constantly changing. It's up to you to decide how to respond. Choose to be bold. Try something new. Choose to reinvent yourself. That's what Nissan did with the all new totally reimagined kicks. The dynamic new exterior styling immediately announces that Nissan isn't messing around the interior. A completely redesigned cabin with premium features like wireless apple car play and a panoramic moonroof makes driving a kicks immersive and exciting. And with new performance and safety features like intelligent all-wheel drive, the kicks is both more fun and safer to drive than ever before. It's the dawning of a brand new era for the Nissan Kicks. Only one question remains. Is it a new era for you as well? Drive the all new reimagine Nissan Kicks today Available feature. Bose is a registered trademark of the Bose Corporation Nissan Safety Shield technologies can't prevent all collisions or worn in all situations. See owners manual for important safety information.


Charlemagne to God hand. And I want you to know from Curtis 50 cent Jackson and the executive producers of Power, the hit star's original series Raising Canaan is coming back The new season of the Family Crime drama continues the origin story of fan favorite. Canaan Start originally played by 50 cent in the flagship series Power as he delves further into his evolution from a devoted son into the ruthless villain that fans have known and loved from the jump. This is a transformative season for Canaan that you won't wanna miss the new season of Raising Canaan Premieres March 7th only on Stars in the Stars app.


Hey fam, if you're like me, you are thinking about how to level up in your career. Maybe you're fresh out of college, just starting in your field or even looking to switch things up and find your true calling. Whatever stage you're in, remember that this is your time to grow, to learn and to build something that lasts. State Farm understands that early career development is key to long-term success. They've been a steady presence in our communities and they know that having the right support early on can make all the difference. State Farm is there to help you make smart moves and to help you get the coverage you need. We all know that the journey to success is a marathon, not a sprint. It's about staying focused, staying grounded, and making sure you're protected every step of the way. Let's build our careers with confidence knowing that State Farm is there to support us just like they've always been because like a good neighbor, a State Farm is there. Find out more at State Farm dot com.


Have you seen this new commercial from Standup to all Hate? It's Snoop Dogg and Tom Brady spewing hate at each other. But when you really listen to them, the reasons are just so stupid. This one really stopped me. It's a strong reminder that hate in our country continues to be out of control. So join us at The Breakfast Club and standing up to it. If you see hate speak up, call it out and learn more by following at what's Up with Hate Blueprint. Especially me and me and him as far as the content and all that. It was one of the first ones. They don't Remember that a long time ago. But It's true though. It's true. You know what I'm saying? It is true. We, it wasn't nobody doing skits and all that besides, remember that skit we did in in the Mall with that boy singing and we just cut 'em off and it, it went viral Before they was calling viral.


We used do all type of skits. You know what I'm saying? So just to see how it evolved Now it's dope. Who State of the Union? I, I, I, yeah, we was the first podcast For real. Yeah. Hood Stadium. I remember one time I was in New York from South Carolina And I text Jeeps, spin, gsp Spin told me come to the radio station, come here before I even got the job. And when I walked in he said, man this was Cadillac. Jack was there. He said, man, my boss been watching you and Dub Ball hood State of the Union all day. Yep. So just to see how content and all that evolved now it's beautiful. It's a whole lane that wasn't there for standup, you know what I'm saying? Like now we call comedians just people that do social content. When I first came up I used to hate on all this. So that's why I called myself the I'm I'm really one of the real, the oldest young Yo I be She thought you was Way younger.


Yeah. I thought you were way Younger. You thought I was way younger. Yeah. I thought you were probably like 40, 41. I'm 48. I'll be 48. I'm 48. Be I I'm okay. Yeah. Yeah. Emini here. That's 'cause I've been around so long you've been seeing me and it's consistency. That's why I try to teach these young comedian, it's not all that stuff cool. But just staying at it and staying consistent. You gonna be right here. I'm living proof. If you watch me, I'm the blueprint. I Wanna go back to one more question with the planes. Okay. Did the, does the wind change at all? 'cause it seems Like yeah the wind. The wind, that's the scariest part recently. That's the scariest part is the like you could control everything else but that wind and that the weather, you never know. So that's really what I pay attention to everything. If I see that red up there on that, on my app, I ain't flying.


What the red mean? The red mean that's real. The wind is crazy. Real bad weather. It's like you got green, yellow, then red. I fly in the green 'cause that's just rain yellow. I ain't flying. What does yellow mean? Yellow is still, you gonna be bumping and jumping and, and actually I done had way more turbulence in big planes in my plane. 'cause I don't fly in surf. You know what I'm saying? But, but for the most part it ain't that bad because the wind's stronger than it used to be when we was growing up now and the safer that's way more room out up there. I ain't finna What you mean? What mean? I ain't finna run into nothing 'cause and like, you know how you seen like what them planes collided? Yeah, you could see it. You could see them planes and you got the aircraft air traffic control. That's what I was saying. The helicopter should have seen the big ass plane. I think he just got so used to it.


Like you get you, you get comfortable after a while and so you just, you just be flying and, and you, you normalize it and then you forget. I was told that that's a normal route that that helicopter takes. Even though that was a trainee. Yeah. That it's like very normal. Same thing with Kobe with the helicopter. I think he sucks. Did that route so much? It used to it. Like say if I'm flying in the rain, I'm used to flying in the rain. So if something happened, it'd be surprising to me too. You know what I'm saying? So it's, it's just like anything random, just like your car just, we gonna get used to it. Just like deaths. We got used to it after a while and it's normal. Don't, don't get used to planes, crashes. You fly, You got used to car crashes. It's way more car crashes out here. It's normal. He just, it's new to us. Just like everything. Do you fly the planes is what you're saying?


I I got a pilot. I got a pilot on salary, but, but he can fly. Oh wow. I can fly. I just don't fly that much now. You know, I heard you rank the emergencies and I'm like a, just a able-bodied passenger doesn't know the colors of the emergency. I used to be a flight attendant so when I heard you rank the colors, I'm like, wait, not so you do fly the plane. Yeah, I know what I'm doing. Like okay, I know what I'm doing actually. And, and the main reason I do this is just 'cause I learned that people don't listen. They follow. So when you do something, they follow. I'm living proof that I have to, y'all see on social media, they follow me. Mm. Especially with this traveling and all that. So when you understand that, you just do to help us as a community. And that's what I do with whatever I do. I, I look at And I be like, what do we need in the game?


We need more pilots. We need more flying. We need them to understand. So what's the best way to do it? Become that, have you and you are what you see. So you see me, it makes, look we having this conversation. He been calling me since he still ain't got a plane yet. I don't know, but he don't fly enough so he probably don't need it. But if you fly enough, you, you probably won't do It. Have you ever had a landed emergency. And if so, like what rank They laughing back there. I told he know about it. I've had a right emergency. I almost crashed. He almost crashed one time. Like it was one night. Man. The whole instrument paddle went out. That's where all the, the, the stuff at. Right. It went out. And once that go out, you ain't got no communication or nothing. We couldn't talk to air traffic Control. You gotta fly manually. Right? Nothing. And not only that, the window froze up.


Mm. Like, like a refrigerator. Damn. So we just flying like in a, a ice can just float and just flying Jesus and just flying and flying. So you by yourself? No, me and the pilot. Just you and the pilot. Me and my pilot, we just flying and they was in there too asleep though. They ain't know what was going on. They were back in the back sleep. So we flying and flying. So he was like, should we turn around Now? I know we up north and it's colder and you know you can on the, on the wings, you can get the wings, get frozen and that's how you stall. Right. So he was like, should we turn around? So in my mind I'm like, we should keep going down south. It's warmer. It's warmer, but it was the middle of the night so it ain't going to get warmer in no time soon. But I'm like, we get low and so we got lower.


Only thing we had was the compass. We went by the compass, kept going low and called on the regular phone. Got to where we can get on reception low enough to, we could talk on the regular phone. And then we landed. And then once we landed the next day, that's when Kobe died. That's when we found out Kobe died. Wow. It was the same, The same night. It was the same night. You know what I'm saying? So that was my, that was one of my my the scariest moments. I had a couple scary moments but that was the scary where like, oh this might be it. I asked you this when you told me, but what was you thinking when you, when you was in that moment? Ah, I was like damn. This time ago. I don't know. It's just like it's, You can't describe it. Nothing Can do. I don, I don't had near death experiences a couple times, especially when I got hit by that car. Just, I don't get scared in those type of positions.


'cause I understand we going to die. But at the same time I just, I kind of knew I wasn't, I wasn't tripping, you know what I'm saying? I wasn't tripping but my power was tripping more than me. You know what I'm saying? He hugged me, was crying and everything. But no Man, Because you dunno Emini here, it's literally like when you're in that situation, it's nothing you can do. Like what are you gonna do? Jump out the plane. Ain't no nothing you can do at that point. Alright, we got more with Lil Duval when we come back. It's The Breakfast Club. Good morning. Morning everybody. It's the JNV just hilarious. Charlamagne the guy we are The Breakfast Club. Lauren LaRosa filling in for Jess. We're still kicking it with Lil Duval music. Okay. You had a couple of records, a couple of gold records. Do it More. I still do. I I put out music all the time. I put out music for the ecosystem.


That's what I do. If I feel something that that need to be do I throw it out there? You know, I do it for the love and for the people. That's what my stuff is. Best life is my mom's song. Best Life is everybody's song. Yeah, it was. It's just you as admit it when you get old. Yeah. Well so she was, when this is not to make this dark. It's a good moment. Okay. When my mom was going through her cancer battle, she would play that song all the time when she was having a bad day and it would like lift her. She loves that God it was and ludicrous move. Get out the way God man that the mus, that song, there was a blessing used, used from God through me. It ain't got nothing to do with me. It's all through blessing. Just to see how it's changed people and still changing people and still affect powerful. Talking about the Kool-Aid story when Kool-Aid was passing, what about it and you played it for him?


Oh yeah. When he died, like right before he died he had, you know, they had a thing in their mouth And I, and he was about to pull it out like he was about to pull it out. Like don't do that in front of me. But he, And I was like, you want me to play something? He want me to play lovely day and smile and after I play smile he pulled it out. Mm. And I walked out. Wow. Yeah. Damn. Oh okay. What, oh you were talking about being the first to do a lot of stuff. Sexy red. I know you was bringing her outside a long time ago. I know people bring this up. Charlemagne mentioned it a lot of times too, that you were the one of the first to be like pushing her and like you were booking her for some of the days that you do. Yeah, I did. Now looking her like right now today when you see everything you be feeling like told you like how you be feeling.


I Just be proud that she ain't the first one. I do it all the time. I don't take credit for like that 'cause I feel like that's what we supposed to do. But that's why I say I'm the oldest young. 'cause people used to look at me like that. They used to say he too ghetto, he too hood. But I know like I could see it. So when I saw her I was like nah, she got it. And that's why I was like, and people was like man don't bring her to Duval. I was like, she is Duval day. And she came there and rocked it and just to see and it ain't me. She did it all herself. So Emini here, she deserve everything she got. I like seeing her do, even if she fell off tomorrow, she still won. Oh yeah. She won her life already. She Didn't won. She outside. She came to Du day and we do du all day. We doing du all day this year too. So y'all make y'all coming. Well yeah. Well Emini here one more. July 11th That'ss we making it's official July 11th Duval day.


Make sure y'all go watch the contract. That's a movie with me and Gabrielle Dennis. That's, that's like one of the first comedy romantic comedies about threesomes. What's A romantic comedy about threesomes? How do you have a romantic comedy about threesomes? Watch it and you'll see it's On, It's on all black. You can also watch it on whatever bootleg. You know like whatever Five stick you got. Listen, July 11th ball day. That's right. Listen, 93.3 to beat Jacksonville. What's happening? What we doing? We out there Breakfast Club. Come on. We out there After Saturday. Yep. Yeah Saturday. Oh we coming to that July 11th Jacksonville. Make sure y'all come to the Wheeler ones tour we we lit out there. That's right. Just the second. Second tour. The second season. I'm Coming for real this time man. I promise you don't come into this one Emini retreat.


That's when I see you got all the women out there. Let's move on to the next story. Retreat is a good time. You talked about the DEI too. Well first of all for me, I feel like when things happen I wanna go to see what you tweet about because you have a take but you make it funny. But if you read through the funny, you really have a sharp take on things. Okay. Do you do that purposely? I like that. You really pay attention to me. Go ahead. Do you do that purposely? Like is that like the, you know I Used to do it purpose, but now I'm programmed into doing, it's just natural. You know what I'm saying? It's like you program yourself to be good. You naturally be good. And that's what I do with my tweet. So anything you see me do, I don't put that much thought in it because I put thought in it early on in my career. So it's just second nature to me. What's One thing on IG you just can't stand or one person that you just can't stand on ig?


I can't stand people that complain. That's my pet peeve. People complain and that's all I see. People complaining about stuff that they can't control. You know what I'm saying? That's my pet peeve in life and everything. He Said. The person though, who's the person? I ain't got no person. I Just Say personal things That don't work with me. We ain't finna have no type of, no type of clip bake in this interview. We We, I would never do that nor way that should that ruin my Don't be trying there. We be knowing go clip three weeks later it goes By. Oh lord We did not think that was going Rip. What's your issue with sexy backs? Huh? What's your issue with sexy backs? You mean big backs? No, he got, he said Who was sexy backs. You said a woman with a sexy back is dangerous And you gave an example of a sexy back.


Like so how Is that an issue? That's a Blessing. That a good way. Oh well I took it like what day we got. See That's what your problem, you taking it the wrong way. That's the problem with social media. Y'all interpret it how y'all want to interpret. Well You only reading it you not Sexy day. I said how say the tweet again. Say this tweet again. A woman with a sexy back is dangerous. And you gave an Example a sexy back And I explain how you took that. I Was like well dang Gotta be dangerous. Like we dangerous. That's we gotta be dangerous. What you mean You saw that? But then if you go to my Instagram, I got a thousand women showing me they sexy bats. I ain't see the Instagram before. See that's the problem y'all take it and run and just that's that's, there's so many, that's the main thing that I get problems with.


Most of the people that that find offensive something, they took the wrong way. That's really all it. I wasn't offended. I was just like I know, but I'm saying even taking it, you didn't take that as offensive but you took it the wrong way. I did drop it in a group chat. I'm like dang He meant dangerous in a good way though. I get it. Hell like she can get you caught up type time. He wasn't talking about you. You know how many tweets I done got like that, that women that got offended by just from that. What else? I ain't for the The big back Women want you to show them some love too though. I can't do it. No. You were posted a wide back. No that wasn't a wide back. That was like a wide butt or something. You was like, no man should come home to this. Nah. Yeah I don't like, no. Yeah, that's that. Who Was it? Who was who? Wanna see the picture? I didn't, I didn't see, see, see I just show the No man should come home to this.


What Is that? It's a flat Boy. This is the Butt. You can't even tell what. Yeah, I don't even know asked. That's how you Yeah. Did the butt start here Like part damn. That's how you know some bullshit. Nobody should come home to that. But People be coming at you like in real life people be running up on you. Like, yo, why you like Nah that just be on social media got, ain't nobody coming up. Nah, one time. I bet you told that story though. Nope I did Alone. Nah, I told it on here. Let's leave it alone. Leave. Yeah man. God is good. You ready to go. You ain't gonna be at anyway. Question one tour, one question Before I've been DII was DI before DE I've been supporting people. That's, that's still coming up when You shot black. You're not worried about all the other I shop for for people That's still trying to come up. It ain't gotta be black if you, I feel it.


If you trying to come up and you still like everybody can't make it like the the regular route. You got me. You posted that The DEI blackout happens and it was easy because you don't buy nothing. No. Yeah. All y'all invested in boycotting companies that have removed it. Huh? I didn't say all that. That don't sound like me. That's what I'm reading. I'm like I can't find a tweet. Why I said all that. But you say because you don't buy nothing anyway. I Emini here. I'm rich broke. I don't, I buy what I want to buy. I buy, I spin but I don't spend like how people just spin on random stuff. So We appreciate you for joining us brother. Appreciate you Duvall. Ladies and gentlemen, he left without getting in trouble. It's The Breakfast Club. Good morning. The Breakfast Club. Morning everybody.


It's djj. NV Jess. Hilarious. Charlemagne the guy. We are The Breakfast Club. Let's get to the mess with Lauren LaRosa World on The Breakfast Club. She's the coach with Lauren. Lauren LaRosa. I'm back And I got the mess. Talk. Talk To me. Okay, y'all get excited. Woo. New couple alert. What's your problem? Allegedly, who's The new couple? So Tiana Taylor and Aaron Pierre, it's Mufasa. Okay. Have broke the internet. So yesterday Tiana Taylor posted a photo of her and Aaron Pierre from Oscar's night.


And the caption says Oscar night in black and white, no gray area with a white heart. The song that she put to the photos is SSA Take You Down And it's just a swipe through. They look amazing. They're, they're in black and white and the photos are in black and white and they look amazing. Now there's no like real PDA in this photo, but there's another photo. There's like a group photo from Oscar night as well where they're with like a bunch of other people in. He's holding her now. The people are saying that this is her confirming that they had been dating. I had heard a while back. I actually tweeted February 2nd. Am I tripping Or Tiana Taylor and Aaron Pierre is Mufasa matching at the 15% pledge event together. That was like, I think that was during Grammy weekend.


'cause they, they, I'm like, when did they start be hanging out and being friends? So people are taking this as her announcing that you know, this is her booth thing and that they are official. So shout out to Tiana Taylor and Aaron Pierre it SMU Faso. Woo. Well congratulations to them. Salute to Tiana Taylor. Yeah, she's happy. I'm Happy. What'd you say last week about Aaron Envy? He's fine. No. Yes you did. What'd you say? I just said he has ears. Yeah, That's a wild thing to notice on him, man. For no reason. Just randomly ears was here, right Lauren? Yeah, but why said wow Emini here. Ears are not Because y'all wasn't here talking about how fine Aaron was and if he just jumps out the Yeah, he's got ears. Like wow. It was a longer conversation but Whatever. No, it wasn't a long conversation. That's all it was. You want me to be gay so bad? I'm not gay. No, I don I'm just telling you what you said.


Go. He was thinking about them. Handlebars. What? Ro Mufasa. What did you want to do? Whoa. That's what you want. What is happening? Go ahead, continue. Are you coming to Tiana as a woman right now? What Is wrong with him? Yo, iffy stop. You're turning red, red ti we just bonding you Right? He is blushing. You see that? Yeah. That I'm not blushing. We just bonded. Oh my God. Okay, well Aaron, come here. It's gonna be so awkward. No It's not. Yes, it's because I'm gonna play back. All those things you said about him, You making it awkward but continue on. Why? Because you upset over there. He's definitely upset. Know what's going on. He's jealous. Not You. He wants ears, not you engaging the full sit down.


Can you please let me know what's going on? 'cause I'm being left out in the dark. Is that what's happening? That's exactly, No, he needs your wig to cover his head. That's what he be saying. Ooh, Got you. Okay. Alright. Can see me please. Now in other couple news as Ashanti, Ashanti and Nelly. So you know, Ashanti has just been, Ashanti and Nelly have just been glowing and having a good time. A new couple alert, but they have been, but Ashanti has been on a press run lately because she is promoting a new, it's like a show or movie that she's acting in. And she stopped by Tamara Hall and she was talking about the engagement. We didn't really know too much about how it happened and all that stuff because it kept things so private. But she opened up the Tamron Hall about the engagement. Let's take a listen. I had kind of a feeling And I was like, hmm, I wonder if this is, you know, I wonder if he's thinking about, you know, so it was out there, but it wasn't like, like a pressure thing.


It wasn't, you know, but when he did it, I had on like his t-shirt and like boxers and like, I was in the bed. You know what Emini here it was so, it was so not cute hair in a bun. You know what Emini here, but it was us. You know, we were home in St. Louis. I, my jaw hit the floor. I was just like, you know, I couldn't believe it. He was like, well, are you gonna answer? He Literally said, well, yes or no. But it was, it was magical. It was beautiful. And I think everything happens in God's divine timing, you know? That is true. So beautiful. And men, if I can give you one piece of advice, make all the engagement special, like jump out the window with the engagement because that is a story that's right for her to tell later.


For the rest of her life. For the rest of her life. A hundred percent. And to the homegirls of the, you know, going to be engaged. Women, please make sure the nails are done. I always tell my friends that like, just make sure that my nails are how I want them and y'all know how I want them. But she was also so sad. What So sad. You plan, you talk about stuff like that. Yeah. But the fact that you put yourself in the friend, like not the person who might be Pose to me. No, that's what I told my friends. Like, I know how I want my nails for my engagement because you take pictures of the hand. Make sure that when he comes to you and tells you he's doing it. I have that specific nail Set. Oh, you want your, oh, you want the man to come to your friends. He's Gonna talk to my friends and my family. Let Them know this happened. His time. Shit's time. I get it. But I, I, yeah, I wouldn't go to the friends u usually the man goes to the dad, the kids.


But you know what, but watch yourself. I didn't say nothing. He go to my dad too. He did? Okay. Yeah. Yeah. That's usually what that's Well, you don't have the callback go to the dad. You don't go to the friends, you go to the dad anyway. Say, hey, I, she Just say, wait for callback from my dad. Leave it alone. I'm gonna throw this bull egg at you for what? You got one that was strike three. All Right. Just say nothing. This dirty show. Show so crazy. This period Dirty Jesus. Okay, now what I wanted to get to was Ashanti was also on Angie Martinez last week. And this interview was amazing. Angie Martinez does in real life. She sat down with Ashanti and Ashanti for the first time. Talked about everything that has happened with Irv Gotti in his past. And let's take a listen to that.


You Don't really see this coming. You know what, Emini here, like, it, it, it really just came outta nowhere, you know? Did You think you'd have the opportunity where you could maybe have some, like, something Cordial? I, I really wanted it to happen, you know, because I'm like, yo, like, like I said, we made history together, you know, that is infinite. Like we're talking about my son. My son is gonna know that we made these records together. You know what Emini here. And I'm sad that the last few years we weren't seeing eye to eye. What I do know is that I tried, you know, I do know that I extended the olive branch And I do know that.


Again, I try to just, I just wanted things to be cool. Mm. Yeah. And I, and, and listening to that, I'm like, oh wow. Like I didn't know that she had extended that olive branch. So, you know, I think we were talking about this when he passed away wondering like, you know, what conversations might have or might not have been had. So she did the know, she tried. I'm like, I don know. She just said It shows she's a bigger person and the fact that she tried to reach out, she, she's grown and she was probably like, I moved on. I have a family. I'm, I have a husband. Let's, let's squash this. We made so much music together that's pretty big because they said, he said nasty things about him when he was, you know, when he was Alive. So, and also too, when you say, when you say f somebody, you better make sure that bridge is completely burnt because, you know, while that person's alive, if y'all not rocking with each other, when that person passes, you gotta keep that same energy.


Right. You know, for, for, for the most part. So you better make sure that these people that you not dealing with no more, these people that you're cutting off, you really don't want no dealings with them. Correct. And life or deaf. Yeah. Yeah. So she, Because you gonna have a lot of regrets when that person pass when you realize you, y'all are just beefing over something. Petty, Something stupid. And so to the icon, Angie Martinez, make sure y'all subscribe to the in, subscribe to the in Real Life podcast, man. Some of the best conversations you gonna hear anywhere. That Word was kicking you behind. Say subscribe. Subscribe. There's no ch Say $50 lace, front wig. I would never say that because that's not what we get into over here. Alright, Girls. Okay.


All right girls. All right. That was the mess with Laura La Rosa. Thank you Lauren, please. What, what, what? His eyebrows, this his whole fa everything just pisses me. I'm really about to throw this Egg out. You Don't like the Way he walked? The way he, the way he looked, the way he dressed. None of that. Just say that. Say that. Contour mommy. Contour mommy. He goes at least you know, good skin when you see it. Alright. Okay. When we come Back, I'm glad. Thank you for the Compliment. We got the People's Choice mix. Don't go anywhere as The Breakfast Club. Good morning. Wake up. Wake Up. You're locked into The Breakfast Club. Morning everybody. Djj NV. Just hilarious. Charlamagne the guy. We are The Breakfast Club Law on the roasts here as well. We got a salute. Mike Epson Little Duval for joining us, Man.


Salute the Mike Epson, the good brother Lil Duval for pulling up. Make sure you go check out them. We that we in ones tour. Okay. When it comes to a city near you. They just left New York. Yep. I don't know where they, I think they're going to Detroit next. Yeah, Detroit. Detroit. Little Carolina. Them Virginia. Yeah. I think I might catch them in Columbia side. Carolina at 8 0 3. But yeah man. Go support my guys man. This is their second year. Yes. Maybe during this tour, Second or third year. Yep. Yeah. Lu to the Good Brother Blake Young promoter out there, man. Putting together this good ass comedy tour for us, for us to watch. So That's right. Make sure you support it when it comes to your city. Alright, When we come back And listen, I want to tell everybody too, man, speaking of supporting something when it comes to your city.


The third annual Black Effect Podcast festival is happening Saturday, April 26th at Pullman Yards in Atlanta, Georgia. You know, we sold out the first two years. We gonna sell out again this year. So make sure you go get your tickets. It's hosted by Mandy B and Weezy from Decisions Decisions. The Trap Nerd podcast will be there for all the gamers. Good Moms Bad Choices Podcast is going to be there. Naked Sports with Carrie Champion is going to be there. The RB Money podcast with tanking Jay Valentine and Sarah Jakes Roberts with the Woman of Evolve podcast will be there as well. So make sure you go get your tickets, black effect.com/podcast Festival. We got the Black Effect Marketplace. We got the Food truck court. We got the pitch. Your podcast booth presented by Nissan. My man Louis V is providing a soundtrack. It's a great time. Saturday, April 26th, Atlanta, Georgia. Go get your tickets right now at black effect.com/podcast Festival.


All right, now when we come back, we got the positive notice, The Breakfast Club. Good morning. Morning everybody is EJ nv Jess, Hilarious. Charlamagne the guy we are The Breakfast Club Law on OSA is here and Charm. You got a positive note? Yes, I do have a positive note, man. And this is something that I live by. It's a quote that I love. The content of your character is your choice. Day by day what you choose, what you think, and what you do is who you become. Have a great day, take your own advice. Shut up Breakfast Club bitches. You I'm Finish or y'all done. Piece of the planet, Charlemagne tha Godhead. And I want you to know from Curtis, 50 cent Jackson and the executive producers of Power comes the explosive new season of the Stars original series Raising Canaan.


In the riveting fourth season, slates have seemingly been wiped clean for Canaan Rock and the rest of the Thomas family. However, in the eye of the storm, one very dangerous obstacle, looms large, unique is alive, unique makes a volatile and violent return as he hunts to upend the lives of the time family. Don't miss the season from mayor Raising Canaan March 7th, only on Stars. In the Stars app.


Creativity doesn't wait and moves, shifts, evolves just like you. And with the yoga PC from Lenovo, your tools finally keep up stunning, smart, and sustainably sourced. Yoga. PCs from Lenovo are designed to amplify your creativity with AI powered performance. Whether you're sketching, editing, animating, or composing yoga moves with you, adapting to your creativity, to your rhythm, with beautiful displays and the flexibility to shift from laptop to tablet, yoga unlocks new ways to inspire and create. Because at Lenovo we believe your tools should fuel your flow, not hold you back. Yoga PCs from Lenovo support you at every step of your creative journey. So check out lenovo.com/yoga and supercharge your creativity with yoga. Lenovo Lenovo, Empowering creators everywhere.


This is Doug Gottlieb for the Doug Gottlieb


Show. The Toyota Tundra and Tacoma are designed to outlast and outlive, backed by Toyota's legendary reputation. For reliability, get a tundra. With available I force Max hybrid engine, delivering exceptional torque and towing capacity. Or check out a Tacoma with available off-road features like crawl control. It can take you beyond the trails. Toyota trucks are built to last year after year, mile after mile. So don't wait. Get yours today. Visit buy a toyota.com for deals and more. Toyota, let's go places


CBS Monday, February 24th introducing the new daytime drama beyond the gates. Welcome to Fairmont Crest Estates, where the wealthy and glamorous dupre family rules the community with poise and sophistication. That is until a cheating husband and his trophy wife star stirring up trouble. Find out what happens beyond these majestic gates and behind closed doors where scandal, romance, betrayal, passion, secrets, and revenge await CBS daytime is about to get Soaper the new daytime drama beyond the Gates Premier CBS Monday, February 24th, and streaming on Paramount Plus.