
Hey, hey. Gather round. I got the lowdown on the hottest show in town based on some shh that really happened. It's called Fight Night, the Million Dollar Heist Baby. It's about a job hustler who tangles with some stone Cold Brothers and pays the price you dig. Starring Kevin Hart, Taraji p Henson, Terrance Howard with Don Cheadle and Samuel L. Jackson. Catch Fight Night. The million dollar Heist streaming September 5th on Peacock. Right on. Now back to the Funk


Gear up for Outdoor Adventures with a 2024 Nissan Pathfinder. This mid-size SUV is designed for Epic Journeys, offering spacious seating for eight available panoramic moonroof, and an available intelligent four-wheel drive feature with seven drive modes. To take your off-road experience to new heights, discover the 2024 Nissan Pathfinder at Nissan usa.com. Intelligent all wheel drive cannot prevent collisions or provide enhanced traction in all conditions. Always monitor traffic and weather conditions. Towing capacity varies by configuration. See Nissan Towing Guide and Owner's manual for additional information. Always secure cargo.


Most deals are barely worth mentioning. But then there's at t's best deal on the new Samsung Galaxy Z Flip six featuring Flex Scam With Galaxy ai, you can get in on them when you're trading your eligible smartphone any year, any condition. It's a deal. So good, you'll be shouting from the rooftops. So grab a ladder and learn how to get that new phone on. At t. At t connecting changes everything requires trading of Galaxy, S note and Z Series Smartphone Limited Time offered 256 gigabytes for $0 additional fees. Terms and restrictions applies to att.com/ Samsung. Or visit an At&t store for details.


State Farm Insurance knows that understanding and investing in our cultural identity is paramount in protecting our future We. know what it's like to go for nothing to something to wish that we had better financial literacy when we were younger. Luckily State Farm is here to help with funding programs like Project Ready, which is committed to education achievement and has already awarded over 11 million in scholarship offers to black and brown youth since 2021. State Farm believes that being better neighbors creates better communities. Like a good neighbor. State Farm is there


You guys. This is history. What you've done with show you guys have built a platform that influenced Ai B World's most dangerous morning show. Bring The, Breakfast, Club DJ Envy. I made it just hilarious. She spell nobody. Charlamagne the God who made you think the vi of controversial questions. We take his part. I like this show. Thanks. Breakfast Club. Good morning. USA Yo yo Yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo, yo yo, yo yo, yo yo, Yo yo. Just hilarious is out. Lauren la is feeling in. Good morning, Lauren. Good morning. Charlemagne. The Guy. Peace to the Planet is Tuesday.


Good morning. Good morning. We all here, man. Another day to serve. I feel blessed Black and Holly favored this morning. And. I. Wanna tell all the Mack truck drivers out there? Please, please stop driving like y'all got regular cars. Yo, yo. They be tripping, don't they? They be switching lanes. Who are these new Mack truck drivers? They listen in the boss man, dlo. They be getting really crazy in the big cars. Who, Who are these new M truck drivers? When I was growing up? Mack truck drivers with the best at staying in their lane. And it seemed like they understood that they had the biggest vehicle on the road, so they was at least paying attention to other people. To Lauren Point, yes, they switch. Like this morning a Mack truck was in front of me. I'm talking about like right there in front of me. I had to slam on brakes 'cause he switched over like three, four lanes.


You got a Mack truck and the back of the Mack truck was wide open. People blowing they horn like, Hey, your door is wide open and you just switched over three, four lanes like you in a Hyundai or something. Cut it out. And this is gonna sound crazy, but today was different. There was so many trucks on the road. I don't know if something was going on a construction, but there was so many trucks on the road. I Just don't understand. If, you know, driving If. you driving a million wheeler? Okay. A million wheel wheel. Why are Wheel, are you Switching a million wheeler? Why are you switching three, four lanes like you just in a regular car? Yeah. Like, it makes no sense. Yeah, It was crazy. It's crazy. It was crazy this morning. And then not only that, the the dump trucks that don't cover the back and them rocks be popping the back of your windshield. Popping your Back. Oh, I'm right behind those. Oh my goodness.


No. But anyway, I tried to find the, the truck license plate number this morning too. What was you gonna do? I was gonna call it in. That was, that was not what, first of all, 9 1 1. What's your emergency? What were you gonna Say? He's just, there's a Mack truck driving erratically on the road. He switched three, four lanes and the back of the Mack truck was wide open. Like the door was just swinging. Maybe having him signs If. you see something? Say something. They Be talking to cag. You damn right. He'll kill somebody on the road this time of morning, man. Are you bugging? Oh, right. He pulls over to use the emergency phones on the highway. Damn right. Always emergency. This, this guy just didn't seem right this morning. Oh my goodness. All right, well let's get the show cracking. Of course. We got front page news with Morgan Wood. You'll be joining us in a second, so don't go anywhere. It's The Breakfast Club. Good morning.


Good morning everybody. It's Djj Envy. Jess. Hilarious. Charlemagne the guy. We are The Breakfast Club. Lauren LaRosa filling in for Jess. And let's get in some front page news. Good morning, Morgan. Good morning. Good morning. Happy Tuesday, Annette. So let's get into it. Like we're still talking about what's happening with the assassination attempt with Donald Trump. Right. And there's a bipartisan group house, members of the house task force that's looking into it. So members of a house task force, they took a tour of the site of the assassination attempt to former President Donald Trump in Pennsylvania on Monday, Pennsylvania Republican Mike Kelly said both sides of the aisle are working together on this Colorado Democrat Jason Crow said political allegiances, should it matter when it comes to this Florida Republican.


Laurel Lee said, being on site is eye-opening California. Democrat Lou Carrera said Politicians shouldn't be afraid. And Marilyn, Democrat Glenn Ivy said both sides of the aisle coming together on this is important. Let's hear from those officials. There's not one person on this conference that's identifying just as a Republican or a Democrat. We're identifying as members of Congress on a task force with a task to restore the faith and trust and confidence the American people have to have. You don't have to be a Democrat or a Republican or an unaffiliated to say that there's no room for political violence in America. To actually walk these grounds to see this area, to get an understanding of the physical space and where this security shortcoming took place.


And I'll tell you, for many of us, it raises more questions than we came here with today because we can see it's not a large place. We want our candidates to speak their minds, to make their opinions, their thoughts known to the American public, to the voters. We don't want them to be afraid to speak their minds. That I really appreciate the bipartisan nature and approach that we've taken so far with this task force. As Congressman Crows stated, we had a 416 to zero vote. And I thought it was the right way to, to get started. And I think it sent the right message to the American people. Yes. That the co that your government actually can work together. So the July 13th shooting at Butler Farm, showgrounds killed one person and left Trump and two others injured.


The bipartisan task force said it tore the grounds in an effort not only to understand what went wrong that day, but to ensure accountability and to prevent such an incident from happening again. A final report from that task force is expected by December. Yeah, I agree. There's no place for political violence in this country. So You know. That's why Trump has to stop the rhetoric that may lead to political violence. 'cause you create an environment that's not even safe for you. And, and it's So when you said that was July, what, Morgan? Yeah, July 13th. Damn, that seemed like so long ago. Remember It didn't, It seemed like it was yesterday. Right? Remember when they tried to assassinate a former president way back when? And it's funny how so many people don't believe that it happened. That actually happened. Like we didn't see it. Like someone didn't die. Yeah, Yeah, yeah, yeah.


So speak I Go ahead. Go ahead. I was gonna say, it's just kind of crazy to hear them keep trying to figure out like why this happened and how this happened. It's like kind of, you can track all of This. I mean, you could see it. I mean it was all documented. The sad thing is they all should have been fired. I mean, this is the president, this is the one job that they're supposed to be preparing for their whole life for this. And obviously preparation wasn't, Well, somebody did get fired. Who was the, the head of the secret service. Right? She stepped down before they fired. I thought, didn't she resign or did they let her go? It's The same difference. Oh, they were gonna call for her to get fired regardless. They was, they were calling for As President Biden. Yep. President Biden stepped down too, but stepped down in there. Of course he stepped down as well. Alright, well, speaking of shootings, meanwhile, a Kentucky judge is dismissing some of the core charges against two former cops involved in the 2020 death of, say her name Breonna Taylor.


Former detective Joshua Janes and former Sergeant Kyle Meany, allegedly falsified an arrest warrant for Taylor's residence. When police wrongfully entered the apartment. Taylor's boyfriend, who believed they were intruders fired several shots. Now Taylor was killed by officers returning fire on Friday. A judge ruled Taylor's death was triggered, not by the officers, but the actions of her boyfriend, not the two officers who allegedly falsified the warrant in the beginning. So meanwhile, James and Minnie, they do face other charges. The felony counts against them, however, have been dismissed. What human wouldn't do the same thing as Breonna Taylor's boyfriend. If, you were in your house and You know just some unexpected intruders kicked in your door.


What is the whole point of the Second Amendment? That's right. That is the reason. I don't know. It's police. Y'all didn't announce yourselves. You just kicked in my door. Storming in what I'm supposed to do. Exactly what we defend myself. That's right. It's After everything that they, that we found out, they still are able to get somebody off is kind of insane. Well, that's the stories that I have for that one, but I'll add one more. It looks like we're looking for one more. A new study finds that as much as two thirds of infant and toddler food shown sold in the US market, supermarket is unhealthy. Now the Georgia Institute for for Global Health looked at 651 food products sold in 10 different grocery store chains. Found all of them, made prohibited claims on packaging.


Some 70% didn't meet nutritional requirements. More than 40% had more sugar than recommended. Some didn't have enough calories and others had too much sodium. So watch what you're feeding the babies, They do not care about keeping us healthy. They care about staying rich. Don, none of these companies care at all. They are not thinking about You, know what is going on in our bodies. All they care about is what's going on in their bank accounts. Well, speaking of your bank account, we will talk more about that in the next hour. Your mayor, New York City Mayor Eric Adams, has an initiative to put money in your pocket. So we will talk more about that in the seven o'clock hour. All right, and everybody else get it off your chest. 805 8 5 1 0 5 1 If. you need to vent.


Phone lines are wide open. Again, (800) 585-1051. Call us up right now. Is The Breakfast. Club. Good morning, The. Breakfast Club. I'm telling, I'm telling. Hey, whatcha doing man? Call calling. Yo, This is your time to get it off your chest. Whether you're mad or blessed. 805 8 5 1 0 5 1. We want to hear from you on The Breakfast Club. Hello? Who's this? This is Jeff. What's up Jeff? Get it off your chest. What's up DJ Lee Charla gang ll cool. Peace my guys. Good Morning. Morning. Good Morning. Good morning. Good morning. Charlamagne you a hundred percent right. I totally agree. These drivers have gotten outta control and I'm, I'm a driver on the road right now and a lot of these guys have been paying for their license.


I'm in Miami. They don't even have a, they don't even pay for their license, man. It's crazy. What you mean? They don't pay for their license? They don't have a real CDL? No, they actually paying for it. They not, they not just going to school and learning how to drive. They paying for it and they just getting out on the road just because it's can. Gotcha. Oh, So so yeah, you. Hundred percent. Right, man. So that's why they driving the Mack trucks. Like they cause because they're not actually learning how to drive the Mack truck. They not getting no kind of training or nothing, man. They just out there. All right man, pay me a little bit of money, let me get on the road. And that's not how it's supposed to go, man. You're supposed to get training for these trucks. I'm in my truck right now, not switching lanes, trying to be in, in control of my speed. If, you load it heavy. If, you load the light, man, you gotta know all these things before you get on this road.


Is there a fine for not covering your load like You know with them dumb trucks and pickup trucks across? Yeah. Three people. Yeah, there's, there's fine Crack windshields in the last four days. Three people. Oh my goodness. Yeah, man, that's, that's, that's ridiculous. Yeah. The DOT You know the Department of Transportation is supposed to be on top of that. You know, but you, you can't cover everybody. But yeah, man, there, there's fines for everything. Every little thing on that truck that's wrong. The driver and the company is responsible for, and they're supposed to get fined and they're supposed to be on top of all of that. But it's so many drivers that a lot of that stuff gets through the cracks. So You know it is what it is. But yeah, man, if y'all see somebody driving erratic, stay away. You don't know how they got their license and You know what the situation is, man, but y'all.


Hundred percent right, man. Thank you. I wish I'd have got his license this morning. I would've told on him. I'm telling you, this Mack truck switched across three, four lanes and the, and the, the, the, the trailer door was wide open, just swinging in the back. I'm like this dude. Who is this guy? Hello? Who's this? Hey, what's going on? It is William. William. Good morning. Get it off your chest. Charlamagne. How y'all, how y'all doing? First of all, how you doing? DJ nv Charlamagne. Blessed Black and highly favored, sir. Alright. All right. So question. What, what's, give me a good reason to vote for Kamala Harris? I can give you a few of 'em. I mean, for me personally, You know for me, I'm, I'm, I'm voting because I like her message of rebuilding the middle class You know, I I love the policy that she put out last week called the Opportunity Economy, where she wants to give everybody an opportunity to participate in the economy.


She wants everybody to have the opportunity to own a business. Everybody to have the opportunity to own a home. She wants to put more money back into working class families. If, you care about things like You know maternal health. She's been a leader in that space. If, you care about things like mental health. She's been a leader in that space. So, I mean, those are the reasons that You know I'm, I'm interested in, in voting for her. Don't you feel like we, we had this run with Obama. Do you, do you feel like any, anything positive came from Obama? What a, what Obama gotta do with what I, what I just talked about you saying That. 'cause he black. 'cause we, we, we running on the same thing, man. We running on, I'm not, I'm, I'm Not voting for her because she's black. I ain't say nothing about her being black just now. I I didn't say nothing about her being black. So what Obama got do, But she has the same message as Obama.


Oh, I don't think so. Not at all. I think Obama ran on Hope You. know what I'm saying? Like, she not running on hope at all. She running on like, You know, I I wanna rebuild the middle class. I think it's, it, it's very economically sound. What she's running on Me. But I hear a lot, I hear a lot of people saying that, what seems crazy to me, right? They're saying, well, we didn't like what Barack did, but what does Barack have to do with Kamala Harris? I have no idea. I mean, I'm listening. The fact that they both black people are thinking that You know all black people are gonna be the same. Is it's, it's weird to me. I think It's a feeling too that like, she kind of like restored like people's hope and maybe something can change. And that's what he symbolized. Even though she's not saying that. I'm not voting for none of those things. I'm voting for my interests and You know And, I, the things I just named.


Those are my interests. When I hear somebody addressing America's cost of living crisis and You know what they wanna do to attempt to fix that. I'm, I'm, I'm all in on that. And when I look at things like the American Rescue Plan, You know, which helped a lot of underserved businesses in our communities get tens of millions of dollars. That's the things I'm looking at. Financing. Yep. Get it off your chest. 805 8 5 1 0 5 1 If. you need to vent. Hit us up now. It's The Breakfast Club. Good morning The Breakfast Club. It's a new day. This is Your time to get it off your chest. Wake up whether you're mad or blessed, it's Time to get up and get something. Call Up now.


(800) 585-1051. We want to hear from you on The. Breakfast Club. Hello, who's this? This is Jordan. Hey, Jordan. Good morning. Get it off your chest. Jordan. I don't like how Cam Newton been getting You know, talked about, about creating broken fa broken families, but single women that with no health problems to get sperm donations. And nobody would ever say You know anything. You Said you want sperm ca you want Cam Newton to give you a sperm donation. Hey, come on man. It's For that. I think he was trying to say that he, he, he sees how Cam Newton is getting shamed and he feels like if women have a lot of babies from different baby fathers, they don't get shamed. Is that what you were trying to say? How You get all that from that? No, I'm trying to say, trying to say sperm.


So single women with no health problems could get sperm donations and create a broken family. The same method that therapist was saying Cam Newton was doing. But nobody talks about that side of it. I dunno what he's talking about. He's saying that if you're a single woman and you're healthy and you become a donor, like you If, You get a donor. Yeah, yeah. Like If, you get If, you get a donor or I'm assuming If, you're carrying someone's kid, you're creating a broken Donor. If You know what he talking about either, but y'all trying to mix sense Up. He's trying to basically say that a woman who helps who has a baby without a man is the same as Cam Newton when I ain't get none of that from what he said. That's what he that's What he said. That's, he said the difference you talking about Broken families Is a lot of these women are probably believing, I don't know why that they're gonna be with Kim Newton. If a woman decides to go to get IVF treatments or whatever, she knows a man is not involved.


Why is he thinking about Cam Newton's sperm at six in the morning? None of y'all thinking about none of y'all. Ask him. Hey sir. Hello? You hung up on him. You hung Up on him. I didn't hang up on him. He hung up on It is kind of early to be thinking about Cam Newton's. That was on his mind all night long. Why say like that? That's crazy. Hello. Who's this? Hey, what's going on? This is X from Pittsburgh. Hey, what's up X from Pittsburgh. Get off your chest. Hey. Hey. What's your Hey, hey.


Gather round. I got the lowdown on the hottest show in town based on some shh that really happened. It's called Fight Night. The Million Dollar Hikes baby. It's about a job hustler Who tangles with some stone Cold Brothers and pays the price you dig. Starring Kevin Hart, Taraji p Henson, Terrance Howard with Don Cheadle and Samuel L. Jackson. Catch Fight Night. The million dollar Heist streaming September 5th on Peacock. Right on now back to the funk.


Hibernation season is over and it's time to get some sun outside. Gather your crew and hit the road in the spacious 2024 and Nissan Pathfinder your gateway to larger than life adventures with spacious seating for eight, an available panoramic moonroof. Everyone can enjoy the journey and soak in the scenery of the great Outdoors. Plus with an available towing capacity of up to 6,000 pounds. And an available intelligent four wheel drive feature with seven drive modes. You can take your favorite toys while adventuring on new terrains. Seize the thrill and start exploring with the 2024 Nissan Pathfinder today. Head over to Nissan usa com to learn more intelligent. All-Wheel Drive cannot prevent collisions or provide enhanced traction in all conditions. Always monitor traffic and weather conditions. Towing capacity varies by configuration. See Nissan Towing Guide in Owner's manual for additional information. Always secure Cargo


NFL week one. It is finally here. And a new season means new ways to get in on the action at Draftking Sportsbook, an official sports betting partner of the NFL. Are you ready to place your first bet? Try betting on something simple like picking a player to score a touchdown. Let's go Score big with DraftKings. Sportsbook the best place to bet touchdowns. Download the DraftKings Sportsbook app. Use the code Bobby Sports. Put in the code Bobby Sports and get $250 in bonus bets when you bet. Just five bucks. You heard that right? And get one month of NFL plus premium on DraftKings. That's right. DraftKings. The Crown is yours. Gambling problem. Call 1-800-GAMBLER in New York. Call 8 7 7 8 Hope and y or Text Hope and y 4 6 7 3 6 9 and Connecticut Help is available for problem gambling. Call 8 8 8 7 8 9 7 7 7 7 or visit cpg.org. Please play responsibly on behalf of Booth Hill, casino and Resort Kansas. 21 plus age and eligibility varies by jurisdiction void, New Hampshire, Oregon, and Ontario. Bonus bets expire 168 hours after issuance. For additional terms and responsible gaming resources, see dk eng.co/ft Ball. NFL plus premium offer available only to new and former NFL plus subscribers. Additional NFL plus premium terms at nfl.com/terms.


Lean on man. I'm a Mack Truck driver bro. Whatcha talking about? I'm right here. What's up with you? I don't know. If you a new Mack truck driver or not so I'm not gonna put down No, no 11 years, bro. I ain't new bro. Lemme put you on the game. All right. Early in the morning when you, when you driving and stuff. Ain't no law bro. Ain't no law, huh? You know ain't no law. You can go up and down streets when I like You know No turn on red. You make that turn. Ain't no cops out and you a match Driver call Bill. Oh Yeah? Yeah. What's your name sir? I need your first. What's your first and Last name? No, no, listen, listen, listen. What's your first and last name? You call in when you call in, the cops gonna be like, oh, so you got a problem with a truck driver. Oh, he got a CDL. He could drive better than you. So we gonna listen to him. Yo, Listen to you. We got his his name show up on that computer.


Yes, His name popped up. What's his name? Gimme his name. Gimme his name. Xavier. Xavier what? Xavier. What? You know what? You real fan right now bro. On no Xavier. You going to jail. You done you. You called the right one. Watch this. Watch how I report you. You think it's the game? Because You know you. Mack trucks. Mack truck drivers. Y'all can kill somebody with that a hundred million wheeler that y'all be driving and for y'all to be switching three bro, we don't kill nobody bro. It's early in the morning. We're tracking our work Done. Alright, watch this. Watch me report. You're our work done bro. How much you wanna bet I'm gonna report you. You gonna be on Twitter, tweet and Charlemagne and snitch. Watch. Watch. How much want be bro? I got his number two. You. know Every Number. Pop up. Hey, your number pops up. And your first and last name. Xavier. Hey, give me a raise bro. I don't care.


Xavier. Xavier. Oh bro. Oh yeah. You going jail? Okay, who you taking with? We hung up too late. Now we got your name and number. You are being reported this morning. Xavier guaranteed. Get it off. I dunno If you a real truck driver or not. But we about to find out. Watch 805 5. Char Man is telling watch one Watch. We got, we got just with the mess with. All Right. Now who to report? Crazy Mack Truck drivers too. Let me ask Chad. GPT. We We do what We talking About. We, we were talking about Mariah Carey. We sending some condolences to her. She lost her mom and her sister on The. Same Day. A lot of healing energy. Boy, we'll talk about that when we come back. Federal Motor Carrier Safety Administration.


If you've witnessed a violation of their regulations within the last 90 days, you can file a complaint online or by calling 1 8 8 8 D-O-T-S-A-F-T. That's 3 6 8 7 2 3 8. Monday through Friday, 8:00 AM to 8:00 PM Oh, when they open up at 8:00 AM I'm on your ass. Xavier, watch. It's The. Breakfast Club. Good morning The. Breakfast Club. Morning everybody. It's DJ NV Jess. Hilarious. Charlamagne the guy We are The. Breakfast. Club. Now Lauren LaRosa is filling in for Jess. Let's get to Jess with the Mess with Lauren. LaRosa Is real. H Jessica Robin Moore. Jess don't do no lying. Don't she Don't.


Nobody. Why Jess World mess on The. Breakfast Club. She's the coach. Lauren. Lauren Osa. I'm back. And I got the Mess. Talk to Me. So it was confirmed to People magazine that Mariah Carey lost her mother, Patricia and her sister Allison. That was horrible. Right on The. Same. Day over the weekend. Damn, we don't know which day that wasn't revealed, but it was revealed that it was on The, Same Day over the weekend. I Was confused. So it, I thought it was just like, maybe it happened a year ago and it was just The, Same Day. So it just happened last weekend. The way That it's being reported is that it just happened last weekend.


Jesus. Or on The? Same. Day. And what's, what's insane about it? I mean it's her mom and her sister. But she talked a little bit, a little bit about the fact that she felt blessed. Mariah Harris said she felt blessed that she was able to spend the last week with her mom before she passed. She's saying that she You know, just appreciates everyone love and support right now and respect for her privacy during this impossible time. At this time, there is no cause of death that has been identified for either. It is just being called a, a tragic, like Mariah Carey called it a tragic turn of events. Man, can you imagine your mother to die on The? Same. Day. I don't lord have mercy. Heck, heck no.


And and for those of you, 'cause I saw some people and even me, I was like, wow, I really haven't heard ever a lot about Mariah Carey's mom prior to this. But Mariah Carey and her mom, they did have like their ups and downs, but Mariah was really big on pushing through, making sure that they had a relationship. They performed together during one of her Christmas specials back in 2020 for the memoir. And she talked about her a lot in her memoir, the meaning of Mariah Carey. So sending some love to her regardless of what goes down You know you only get one mom. It Is interesting when people say things like that though. I never heard Mariah Carey talk about his mom. You don't know these people. But Mariah Carey has been famous for so long. And normally when someone's as famous as her, you at least can like, no, Not really. You don't know People.


Kanye talks about his mom all the time. Kim Kardashian, You know Kim Kardashian's, mom Cove, Jay-Z talks about his mom. Yeah. Most of these People I named three people. You, I could go on. We, we got The time out outta most of these entertainers and musicians and artists you don't know their parents and their personal life. You know. And by the way, you don't need to, Not no one but you at least like I just, I've never heard her even And you never, and you never read her book. I didn't Read her book exactly. Well you heard about her sisters 'cause probably her sister Suda at one time. Yeah. Okay. So that, I Don't even remember that. I remember that. But I didn't even know if that was the same sister And I didn't know how, how many siblings she had. I don't know. When I think of Mariah Carey, I don't even think of her family outside of the twins. I just think of her. So yeah, sending some love to her moving on.


Lot of music made this even sadder. This is crazy art. Yeah. Why the music soul child? I'm about To cry. Fine. If, you feel like somebody driving in the car and the windshield wipers are going and it's not even raining. Yes. I hear it. Like the Change it all change the damn music I gave It. I would rather go like solo acapella. So Wendy Williams, she was spotted last week for the very first time in over a year. Really? Yeah. She was in a holistic store in New Jersey, in Newark, New Jersey. It's called Bolingo Balance. And this store is actually owned by Dr. Cece's son, Victor Bowman. So she was there with her son, Kevin Hunter Jr. And page six was told exclusively that she was sharp, she was upbeat, she was very aware, she was very bubbly.


And she even sat down for a minute and had a conversation with Bowman about different health products when it came to like different healing things. That's good. But it, yeah, it's just good to see her. I have a photo. You Said Newark? That was Newark. Newark, Newark, New Jersey. Yeah. Wow. I had, I I I was just like happy to see her. Good man. Because the last time we heard about her was the documentary. Her family was saying she should be closer. She looks way better with her son. You see The picture? Wanna see it? No. Congratulations. Little K round of applause. Now she looks Better. I'm happy to see her with her, with her baby. Absolutely. We got a, we got a, a new board out in guys. That's why we don't have no side effects stuff. There you go. Alright. Alright. Right. So really I don't wanna do this one real quickly, but I guess I can Got two minutes. Okay. So Diddy, you guys know that Diddy was going through all that stuff with the producer Rodney Jones?


Yep. So now Diddy is blasting Rodney. He's basically saying that he wants to get the lawsuit dismissed. So Diddy fired back against the producer in court on Monday. He's saying that this lawsuit that Rodney Jones filed is legally meaningless as far as the allegations and it's blatantly false falsehoods. So as you guys remember, Rodney decided to sue Diddy for $30 million. And he had previously tried to do this in a federal court, but he was forced. And he said that he was forced to engage in sex acts. That he was drugged, he was groped all while working for Diddy. But basically what Diddy is saying is that there, that Rodney Jones didn't do a good job of proving like what they're claiming in the Rico.


He's also saying that, that a lot of this was just done in the media to hype and exploit him, to basically shake him down for some money. And he's also saying that in, in addition to not proving a lot of the things that were claimed that Rodney Jones was claiming that he lost a lot of business, but he's not proving that there was enough business in motion to even claim a loss. So he's saying that this is false and he's also pointing back to a video that Rodney Jones posted with, oh, we can't even play the video that he posted with Uncle Murder where they're basically calling him out. Oh. Oh, We can't play it. We Can play it. Oh, be okay, let's take Listen, I know we had time That Diddy for that bread stop my boy.


My boy want that check. You know. Just saying Rapper up vibes. Whoa. Monday want that money by Monday. Diddy? So you hear Rodney Jones in the video. Uncle murder Uncle Mo You know he's with 50 50 You know Doesn't Care for Diddy. That was in Shreveport. Yeah, That was in Shreveport. Yeah. Yeah. So that was a few weeks ago. So basically in the video, Rodney is saying, I'm from Chicago. We want, I want my money by Monday. Like run me my money. And it's playing into the whole, we know 50 has been going so hard at Diddy over all this stuff. And in the, the Request for dismissal, they're basically saying, If, you look at something like this video, this is all just to promote and exploit and just make a big mess and mockery of this. So this, this isn't, this shouldn't stand in court. I think Legally meaningless is a great term for it.


'cause most of these lawsuits in with the person who sued receiving nothing. Because a lot of times these situations be very salacious and they make for good farter for the blogs. But they, they don't make for good evidence in in in court. In court. That's why legally meaningless I think is a, is a great term for it. Because in a lot of these cases, what happens, the reason that's so salacious because a lawyer will reach out first say these are the things that the person is gonna say. And If, you don't settle. We gonna go to the press. We gonna sue happens All the time. And then, and then they go and like you said, when when the case gets dismissed or it gets dropped, you never hear nothing about it. It's never an apology. It's never my bad. It's nobody ever cancer. It'd be the wildest stuff. That's right. He took a lighter, put it around the remember my booty hole You. know what I mean? I never heard that crazy stuff like that. I never, I never heard that. Why did that just come to your mind like that?


You kinky this morning, bro. Yeah. I was like, if, if fruit, I'm speaking to the ness of some of these, these cases can't even get it out. It flowed so freely. I just person it was sausages. He was into sausages this morning. You know what lighters go to commercial. That was just with a mess with Lauren LaRose. So now when we come back we got front page news. So don't go anywhere. It's The Breakfast Club. Good morning Back. Back out The world's most dangerous morning show.


Our audible picker today is Men have called her crazy Anna Marie Tinel's memoir of her Mental health journey and the pressures that women face. Listen, when you sign up for a free trial at audible.com/breakfast Club morning everybody. It's Djj envy. Jess hilarious Charlemagne guy. We are The Breakfast Club.


Lauren Rose is filling in for Jess. And let's get back in some front page news. What's up Morgan? Let's do it. So 2024, the presidential race is shifting into high gear. This week both candidates are set to hit the campaign trail with vice President Kamala Harris and her running mate, Tim Waltz kicking off a bus tour and battleground in the battleground state of Georgia on Wednesday. Now former President Trump and his running mate, JD Vance, will also hold several events in swing states. This week Vance will deliver remarks at a campaign stop in Big Rapids, Michigan today. And Trump spoke in Detroit yesterday. The former president framed the 2024 election as a fight between communism and freedom. He made the comments while speaking to the National Guard Association in Detroit yesterday.


Let's hear more from former President Trump. We will restore world peace and it will be again, peace through strength. Kamala Harris, Joe Biden, the humiliation in Afghanistan set off the collapse of American credibility and respect all around The World. This fight is no longer between Democrats and Republicans. This is a fight between communism and freedom. It's a very serious fight. Our country is being destroyed by a radical political class that sends our guardsmen and women to defend the borders of distant foreign nations while they surrender our own borders to an invasion. Yeah, Trump said Kamala Harris wants Soviet style price controls endless wars, open borders and voting rights for illegal immigrants.


He went on to criticize President Biden and Harris for the deadly withdrawal of American troops from Afghanistan three years ago. 13 US service members were killed in a terrorist attack during the chaotic withdrawal. And yesterday Trump visited Arlington National Cemetery to lay a wreath on the tomb of the unknown soldier. Now that ceremony came on the third anniversary of the pullout of American military forces from Afghanistan. Now Adonis Flores of Michigan United, an immigration organization. He says he completely disagrees with the former president. Let's hear from him. The Overwhelming majority of immigrants already here in the country and asylum seekers at the border are families and hardworking people that are just trying to run away from harm.


Yeah. Vice President Harris's campaign also responded to Trump saying Trump cannot be trusted to keep Americans safe. And she is a proven leader on The World stage and will use her experience to ensure America's safety. Yeah, I don't understand how the party that is restricted folks freedoms by abolishing Roe v. Wade can say they're a, they're a party of freedom You. know what I'm saying? The way that they've gutted voting rights for the most part in reproductive rights. How does that make you the party of freedom? I'm just asking. I don't, You know. Seems silly To me. Questions that need answers for sure. No, but switching gears, you talk about wanting money in your pocket. Right? New York City is launching a new initiative, a new initiative to help deliver benefits to residents and ultimately put more money in their pockets.


Now Mayor Eric Adams says, hundreds of city employees are now targeting working class residents on the spot to see what benefits they may be eligible for under the quote Money in Your Pocket initiative. He also says city staff should be communicating with residents in their own communities and the benefits they're educating residents about include the child tax credit. Let's hear more from New York City Mayor Eric Adams. This initiative will visit underserved neighborhood across the five boroughs. Government needs to meet the people. The people should not have to meet the government and You know what, you can't be part of the team If. you are afraid to walk in to tonight you and knock on the apartment four B then you can't. You shouldn't do this job.


You need to be comfortable in every setting in this community. Huge win folks. Were paying $55 a week. If, you made $55,000 or less. $55 a week. We cut it to less than $5 a week. I like the messaging. I like the the type, the name of it. What is it? Put put More Money in Your Pocket initiative. That's what It's called. Money in Your Pocket initiative. Yeah. So the goal is to help New Yorkers learn more about the 70 city, state and federal programs that could help them save money on food, rent, taxes, and other needs. More than 300 city government staff and CUNY students will now visit more than 20 underserved neighborhoods and NYCHA buildings on a weekly basis.


So Basically that's great. I like it too. So basically just telling them where the money is. 'cause a lot of these programs do exist. It's just that our people don't have the information to to now once You know about it, how difficult is it to access it? Because that's the other thing, the way that's be crazy for stuff. Yeah. Yes, they gonna tell you that. But the o the only problem with New York And I was listening today. They, they're talking about bringing the congestion, the congestion tolls back in the city. You know they suspended it, but now they're saying in the beginning of the next year, they're probably gonna bring it back after election. Of course. And then they're talking about, they said 65% of the people that ride the buses don't pay. They just get on there and just sit down and it is what it is. So they're gonna start trying to, to lock people up and find people up for that. So it, New York is having a problem with the homeless thing. Like New York is having a huge problem.


So hopefully giving people extra money will help people a lot more. But like they said, if, if they can't get the money anyway, you could tell 'em all day about the money. But if the waiting list is a year, It's all, it's all about the access. I mean exactly. They have, they have programs like this all across the country. Once you give somebody the information how difficult it's for them to bread actually access it, that's, that's gonna be the issue. Alright, so one more. An increase in demand for sausage. You guys love sausage, right? Paul could be a sign for consumers. What they doing To you Here? Mela ain't walk off. He walked away. As soon as he hear sausage he turned back, back around. Okay, Ask chicken box are better left than spin. I'm all ears Morgan. I'm All ears. He said I'm all ears y love y.


Bob already know or Turkey chicken or sausage. He said he had chicken sausage left yesterday. I did at Kelsey's in Atlantic City. Fantastic. An increase in demand for sausage could be a sign of consumers. Consumers, excuse me, tightening their budgets. According to the Dallas Federal Reserve's Texas manufacturing Outlook survey released on Monday, there has been modest growth in the dinner sausage category for one producer. The respondent said demand for sausage tends to, tends to go up when the economy weakens as consumers see it as a good protein substitute for higher priced proteins. Another respondent also noted in the Dallas Fed survey that agriculture is hurting due to issues such as higher costs and weather.


And an economists u gov poll earlier this month and majority of voters said the economy was one of the top issues in 2024. So how are you, I mean you said you were seeing it yesterday in apple juice. You wanted to go for the You know generic brand over the name brand and You know here we are with Sausage. I have a sausage connoisseur. I chicken sausage. I like Turkey sausage. I don't know what they talking about as far as You know people substituting it, substituting it as a protein 'cause it's cheaper for dinner. I just like, I'm a sausage eater. Yeah, You like long lys or No? I actually like the patties. You like The patties or The links? Yeah, I like the patties. I like the patties that make you feel like you back in high school and middle school. Old School sausage. That's right. Og. Yeah, but If you reaching for sausages.


They're basically saying that could be a sign of the times. You know. Not the steak. Not steak and eggs. Sausage and eggs. Alright. Yeah man, that's front page news. I'm following some chicken sausage. I'm Morgan Wood. That sounds great. Thank you Morgan. I Get you some sausage. Follow me on. Yeah, so that's your front page news. I'll let Morgan doting. Oh my gosh. That's your front page news. I'm Morgan Wood, follow me on social at Morgan Media and for more news coverage, make sure you're following at Black Information Network and visit BIN news.com. Thank y'all. Thank you Morgan. Thank you Morgan. All, All, all all all jokes aside, salute to Kelsey's in Atlantic City again. Boy, that brunch was so good. I've been thinking about that brunch since Sunday. You know how you leave a place and you're like, damn, I should have took some of it home. Yeah, that brunch was so good. I had that, that shrimp and grits with the Turkey sausage in it and the brown man with the chicken sausage and the two fresh homemade biscuits man.


And that's sweet potato waffle. Lord have mercy slut to Kelsey's man. All well let's open up the phone lines (800) 585-1051. If you would listen to get it off your chest. You heard Charlemagne snitch on a m driver this morning. Let's listen. Hey, what's going on? This is excellent Pittsburgh. Hey. Hey. Where's Charlotte Lane at man? I'm a Mack Truck driver bro. Whatcha talking about early in the morning when you, when you driving and stuff? Ain't no long bro. You can go up and down streets when I like You know No turn on red. You make that turn. Ain't no cops out and you a match Driver call. Oh, people listen to you. We got his his name show up on that computer. Yeah, His name popped Up. What's his name? Gimme his name. Gimme his name. Xavier. Xavier what? Xavier what? You real fan right now, bro? Come on. No, Xavier, you going to jail?


You done you, you called the right one. Why? Watch this You know Number Pop up. Hey, your number pops up. And your first and last name. Xavier. Oh bro. Oh yeah. You going to jail? Alright, so we're asking who have you snitched on? 805 8 5 1 0 5 1. Was it a coworker? Was it a neighbor or was it a driver? First of all, that's not snitching. Okay. If, you see something? Say something. I am a concerned citizen who does not want to see somebody in a Mack truck kill a bunch of people. You. know what I'm saying? Like, like we act like we don't hear about these fatal accidents all the freaking time. If you driving a hundred million wheeler Mack truck and you switching lanes, you switch over four lanes like you driving a freaking You know Honda Accord and, and your, your back door is just swinging wide open.


You can kill somebody. So I would hope that anybody with any common sense would pick up the phone and call the police on that person. Well, Let's open up the phone lines. Who have you called the authorities on? Let's discuss. Hey.


Hey Gavin. Round. I got the lowdown on the hottest show in town based on some shh that really happened. It's called Fight Night, the Million Dollar Heist Baby. It's about a job hustler who tangles with some stone Cold Brothers and pays the price you dig. Starring Kevin Hart, Taraji p Henson, Terrance Howard with Don Cheadle and Samuel L. Jackson. Catch Fight Night. The million dollar heist streaming September 5th on Peacock. Right on now back to the funk.


Hibernation season is over and it's time to get some sun outside. Gather your crew and hit the road in the spacious 2024 Nissan Pathfinder your gateway to larger than life adventures with spacious seating for eight and available panoramic moonroof. Everyone can enjoy the journey and soak in the scenery of the great Outdoors. Plus with an available towing capacity of up to 6,000 pounds. And an available intelligent four wheel drive feature with seven drive modes. You can take your favorite toys while adventuring on new terrains. Seize the thrill and start exploring with the 2024 Nissan Pathfinder today. Head over to Nissan usa.com to learn more Intelligent All-wheel drive cannot prevent collisions or provide enhanced traction in all conditions. Always monitor traffic and weather conditions. Towing capacity varies by configuration. See Nissan Towing Guide and Owner's manual for additional information always secure Cargo 805 8 5 1 0 5 1 is The Breakfast Club. Good morning


The Breakfast Club. It's topic time call 805 8 5 1 0 5 1 to join into the discussion with The Breakfast Club. Talk about it. Everybody's DJ envy. Jess. Hilarious Charlamagne the guy. We are The Breakfast. Club. Now he just joining us. We're talking about get it off your chest. We do that each and every morning around six 10. And this morning charlamagne actually snitched on somebody. I didn't It, I didn't snitch on nobody. Let's hear it. They open at eight. All right, well 805 8 5 1 0 5 When we're asking who have you snitched on Neighbor, coworker, or anything like that. What about you? I've never, me never Somebody snitched on me.


The, about a year ago I had a a pod when I was moving out in front of my house. And I. Guess one of my neighbors. You can't even see it. But I, that's how I knew it was one of my neighbors. He called and they tried to find me for keeping a pod. They decided to get rid of that pod. Let let the record show. This is not snitching. Okay? I'm driving into work this morning. And I saw like a 700 wheeler Mack truck, right? Three, Two Wheel. And it was, it was driving and then it kind of like just slammed on brakes in front of everybody and just switched over literally three to four lanes, right? And as it, and as it was switching over three to four lanes, the back of the truck was open. So the door was just swinging. Swinging. Right. Everybody blowing they horn trying to figure out what the hell is going on.


You have a freaking Mack truck. You are in a million wheeler Mack truck. It's the biggest thing on the road. You can't just be whipping that thing in and outta traffic. You know swerving three and four lanes like it's a freaking Honda Accord. You just cannot do that. So yes, I googled how to report unsafe, dangerous or bad truck drivers. I got a, a plethora of numbers. Okay, I can call Fisher Stark, PA eight at 8 2 8 5 0 5 4300 for a free consultation. They got numbers to report to Semi-truck drivers. They got the Federal Motor Carrier Safety Administration. If you've witnessed a violation of their regulations within the last 90 days, I'm gonna call somebody and complaint they got the Department of Transportation complaint hotline.


Okay. Alright. No, because you cannot do that. And for that other dude, the other metro driver just to call up here and play games like yo, there's people on the road. He had to be joking. There's no way you saying all that over the red You know too fast. We gonna find out. Xavier, we gonna find out if, who joking today? Xavier find You know I like to play. Hello? All right. Hello? Hey, what's your name bro? Alright, Look, my name Greg call up with North Carolina. I did snitch on somebody, a regular car driver for cutting me off, trying to run me off the road. I thought the lady was high so we called the police and all that right there. But neither one got a ticket about it. But nah, really like cars is worse than trucks. Cars cut trucks off and like get in front of you You. know what I'm saying? Pull out front of you, try to stop You.


know what I'm saying? A truck driver. It's hard for these trucks to stop. So a lot of accidents. Yeah, we get into the wreck but it ain't because we did something. It's because people get in front of us. Think we can stop on the dime. Well call police on those people. Listen, we are tax paying American citizens. We are not in the streets. Right. You see something? Say something. Jerome. Good morning Jerome. Good morning vie. How y'all doing? Good Jerome. Who you to doing Jerome? Ah, at one point in time I was like nine or 10 years old. That's this show my mama. It wasn't like, what wasn't I know, I know. It sounds crazy. It wasn't nothing serious. She didn't make me mad or anything, but my sister's like six years older than me so she like, she, she was my babysitter for a long, long time.


Sometimes my mom would go out, go out to the gym or she would go on walks and things like that. One night, I think personally, I think I just thought she was taking too long to get home man. And it was taking too long. And, I got the house phone. I, I dialed nine one one. I got halfway through the first ring and then I hung up. She came, she came back like 10 minutes later and then a cop showed up right after her and she explained the whole thing and they had to search the whole house and everything. Right. Are you, oh, so You, You called the cops and your mom's house on your mom? Yeah Sure. Did you Biracial? Yeah, it just, I thought so. I thought something happened to her. She was like, oh you thought something happened to Her snitch doing Something happened to your mom. She gets off. That's different. Yeah, she usually gets off at like six to seven o'clock. But like You know she likes to go on walks and shit so Yeah, That that's Different.


And. I get And he was young so that How old were you at the time? Yeah, I was like 10, 11. So You wasn't even supposed to be home by yourself? No, No I was with my sister but my sister's six years older than me so we got two different mindsets. Got you, got you, got you. Gotcha. He was Supposed to got snitch. I thought snitch just calling the cops On his mind. Nah. Scared. I'm You know you get beat For that. That's why I don't like the language y'all using. Ain't nothing wrong with being a crime. Inform yo. Hello? Who's this? This wood. What's up? Breakfast club? What? What's up man, we talking about who have you snitched on? Told on. Alright, so long story short, I I work at a elementary school. Right. I was at the gas station early in the morning getting some gas before I go to work. And this random person looking at me, I'm looking at him, he pulled up to me. He said, what you looking at N word.


I say I had a few words for him. He pulled out a gun. I said, well I'm supposed to be afraid of that. He shot at me while I'm pumping gas. I said, oh yeah, lemme get your license plate. He shot at you? Yeah, he shot at me while I'm pumping gas. Y'all, man, I ain't mad at you. Did he Get locked up? Huh? Did he get arrested? I think so. No, no, no. Ain't no to follow that one too. Yeah, you supposed to be in court. Okay. You supposed to be in court pointing that man out. Well, he never showed up or they never got him, so they probably never got him. And then I just eventually just stopped showing up because I didn't care no more. I need to hear more to this story. I don't believe that. That man just looked at you and said, what's up, N Word and and shot at you? Yeah, I got the video. Was He got video? How you Had time to be shooting a video getting shot at? No, no. I went in the store and got the video.


Was it another black man? Nah, he was a white dude. Well Re, regardless of what race he is, you should be telling That's right. Thank you sir. I gotta follow that one through. I gotta be there when the judge hit that gavel and give him them years and everything. Hello? Who's this? Hello? Hey, what's your name? Mama. My name is Carrie, I'm in Miami. Hey Carrie, you Jamaican Caribbean? I'm Jamaican. And. I. Just wanna start by saying Jamaica wa And. I with Charlemagne. My, oh, Charlemagne my cutie. Hey, this is Charlemagne. Peace Queen too Ahead. Oh, Charla, Tell the more ladies respect This Romcom fund.


She A liar Man. Listen, Jamaican, don't snitch. But let me tell you, we in North Miami Beach. I was with my husband at the time and you should see this lady 6:00 AM doing coke at the steering wheel. She was driving and hitting everything. Oh, I'm telling He bumping through everything in North Miami. I got on the phone, I called the police and my husband jump in the car and chase her down. Man, I'm telling certain things. Can't stay quiet. You can't be doing cocaine and driving at six o'clock in the morning. I'm telling on you. 6:00 AM Charlemagne You know about Miami folk. Man, I had to snitch.


My Billy told her that our level was in that bus, but I ain't really mean it really kept got him through a Stripper man. Somebody went down a one way And did you hear the story of the family Wrong was behind him in another car. So they actually seen the whole thing. No, it's in the paper today. Yeah. You see What I'm saying? Like you gotta tell on people. Like I don't, I don't know if the other person, because they, they can't, they haven't caught the other person yet. The other person was, no, it was a hit and run. So clearly the other person was doing something they ain't got no kids doing. Tell on these people man. You gotta snitch and you got a snitch. That's right. Can I say happy birthday to my two daughters coming up please? Of course. Happy birthday to Kayla and Brooke coming up two Virgos 23 and one is turning 20.


Aw. Please say happy birthday to my daughter face gas him on Instagram. Happy Boy please. Yes. You make me want some AC and sausage right now. Little jerk chicken. That sounds Amazing. Little oxtail. Thank Mama. I want some AC and sausage. Anytime. Anytime y'all come, I'm cooking. Alright. Yes ma'am. Alright, Well 805 8 5 1 0 5 1. We're ask, asking have you ever snitched on somebody, your neighbor or coworker? And before we go on, I just wanna send a rest in peace to the individuals that Charlamagne was talking about. What's the brother's name? Kirk Walker Jr. And his cousin in town for the wedding. Oh, Robert McLaurin. Man. Yo. So rest in peace and, and, and healing energy. And also his bride to be, we just wanna send her some healing energy and shout her out as well.


Absolutely. Ch Weaver. So tragedy. All right, we're taking your calls. I'm scared to drive home. It's The Breakfast Club. Good morning. You said he calling my phone. Calling My phone, Man. It's topic time. Call 805 8 5 1 0 5 1 to join into the discussion with The Breakfast Club. Morning Everybody. It's DJ Envy. Jess. Hilarious. Charlamagne the guy. We are The Breakfast Club. Lauren la Rosa is filling in for Jess. So we're asking 805 8 5 1 0 5 1. Have you ever stitched on somebody? That's because a gentleman called up here this morning and Charlamagne snitched on him. Well, he's going to, right. Let's, let's, let's listen. Yeah, he's gonna, Hey, let's listen. Hey, what's going on? This is excellent, Pittsburgh. Hey. Hey. Where's Charlotte Lane at man?


I'm a Mac truck driver bro. What? Talking about early in the morning when you, when you driving and stuff, ain't no law bro. Couldn't go up and down streets when like You know. No turn on red. You make that turn. Ain't no cops out and you a metro driver called? Yeah, people were listening to you. His his name show up on that computer. Yeah, his name's popped up. What's His name? Gimme his name. Gimme his name. Xavier. Xavier what? Xavier What? You know what? You real fan right now, bro. Come on. No, Xavier, you going to jail? You done you, you called the right one. Why watch this You know Every number Pop up. Hey, your number pops up. And your first and last name for me. Xavier. Oh bro, I oh Yeah, You gonna jail? I'm gonna snitch on Xavier. Xavier and, and, and don't get it twisted that truck this morning.


I tried to, I just, I tried to get the license plate. I just don't know where to look for the license plate on a hundred wheel or truck. But somebody gonna call the police on that truck this morning 'cause that guy was whiling in that Mack truck switched over four lanes and his back door was wide open, just swinging. Hello? Who's this? It's sucker free from me. Starring. What's up? Good morning. What's up sucker Free. Good morning. Well, My level of century was high because I called Dicus on a parent that was not feeding their children. Talk to me. You my type of person talk to me. I snitch because, well, my son has a friend and a kid. You know he used to get into trouble a lot, but You know he turned his life around trying to do better in school. And I noticed that he kept coming to You know he would always come over and whenever he came he was like braid my fridge.


So I had to ask my son You know what was going on with the kid. And then he told me that his mom is not feeding him at home. His mom's telling him like, You know you want to eat here, you've gotta fend for yourself. Oh my God. Like as a parent, when you have children, your job is to give them shelter and feed them and close them. That's right. You know what I mean? He was only like 16 years old. So one day he was at my house and he went home. He waited I guess until the middle of the night and picked him something to eat and his mom took the food and threw it out and then threw him out the house. My son came and told us it was like, what, 1130 at night? And we went over and then I had to go pick him up because like You know I didn't want to see a kid out the street late night. So picked him up. You know kids. He came clean and told us what was going on. So I called s on her ass and sent straight to her damn house.


You did the right thing? Yes, definitely Did. Yep. I sent Baker, Sarah, her ass. I sent Dr. Sarah House. Now her ass got an open case. I'm I'm with you. Listen, we gotta stop. We gotta stop calling things snitching like we grown ass people man. Like some people need to be held accountable and If. you see something, say something. See, I grew up watching Spider-Man and You know Spider-Man wishes he would've stopped You know that man after when he, when he robbed, when he robbed that guy because that guy still went, went on to kill Uncle Ben. So Spider-Man would've ditched something right then and there. Uncle Ben might still be alive Today We have Tam on the line. Tam, good morning. Good morning. Now you snitched on your neighbor Tam.


I did Talk to us. Okay, so I have this neighbor every night. He always pulls his car to the edge of the road. He blast his music super loud and I'm like, I have kids, I gotta work in the morning. So I called the police And I did a noise disturbance and the police pulled up to his house and You know basically I guess told him to cut his music down. He was upset about it. And so my 10-year-old son did the same thing. Recently they started school. It was a school night. He pulled the car to the edge of the road. He was blasting old school like 2000 early 2000 music. And my son, Oh my god, you made my heart hurt just now early two thousands is old school. Yes, that Is, that is old school. Oh my God.


They remixing it on TikTok. That's the only way the new kids even know It. Oh my God. Look ahead. Jesus. I mean, no listen, I'm a eighties baby. And I love the early two thousands music. But I'm just saying like I have to be to work in the morning. I have to get up at five o'clock in the morning, get my kids ready for school. I don't wanna hear that early in the morning. So you snitched on him? I snitched and my son snitched too. My son called the police. He's like, mom, I called the police on the guy across the street. I'm like, no you didn't. And he gave him our address. So this time they rolled in our yard and said, yeah, we had a, a call about a noise disturbance. I'm like, yeah. So So now you got caught for snitching On him. I got caught. Yes. So how you feel you be seeing him outside getting his mail and what you, how you be feeling? I mean, I'm cool with it, but it, it didn't solve anything because he does the same thing all the time.


I, I don't understand why he does it, but I guess that's his thing. But you did nothing wrong. I'm gonna still Call. That's right. You did nothing wrong. That man know not to play with you because You know that you gonna call them people. I don't Like noise complaint callers. Yeah, Why you, why, why did you just say, Hey bro, You know I it's early in the morning. I got kids. Can you turn it down? He probably be like, ah yeah sure, my bad. But now you call the cops and ah, that could be a nasty situation. We got Margaret on the line. Margaret, good morning. Hello, how are You? Hey Margaret. I'm doing well now it says you snitched on your baby daddy. Yes I did. What do you did? He was illegally adding an addition to his house without getting a permit in New York. Why would you do That? Why you, why you don't like him? Because Petty, why you don't like him?


What he do from the beginning Is he not a good dad? He moved on. He Was a great dad and I'm glad he moved on. Have a daddy. You jealous? No, my house is much bigger. But there was things that he did that it was like he got mad at me. Something about being late. I was like, oh really sir, lemme call the city and report your house. And. I. Love you. Petty. I love it. No, see now. Now see that's a petty reason to do It. Stump that, That's so, that's so petty. Now. Now see, see I don't have a problem with anybody that's too petty calling the authorities on people because you see something doing, you see somebody doing something that could be You know dangerous or detrimental to others.


Damn dangerous. Yeah, you just being petty. That's petty. I hope you stumped your toe later on. It's expensive to get on my nerves. You Know. I know that's right. Honestly, at first I was like, that's corny. But I I I like her. I like that It's expensive to get on my nerves. The moral of the story, the moral of the story is it's some 40 something, 50 plus year old man looking at the radio saying they on the radio encouraging snitching and let your uncle Shawla be the first to tell you shut the F up ever. Okay, you got high blood pressure and need to take your statin for your cholesterol. You not in the street no more. Grow up before I hit the two ones after this nine. You threatening me. Jesus. That sounds so gangster. I I ain't never heard somebody call A cops and Xavier, count your days. Count your minutes.


Count your minutes. You got about 30 minutes. You got about 30 minutes that play up at 8:00 AM Soon as I do donkey today I'm calling the people on you. We gonna see If. you really bought that life. Mack Truck driver. Xavier. Alright, Well we got Jess with the mess with Laura LaRosa coming up. Yes we do. We are gonna hop into Big Sean. He's releasing an album this Friday but he got a little emotional when he made the announcement. Alright, We'll get into that. Next. It's The. Breakfast Club. Good morning. Morning everybody. It's DJ Envy. Jess. Hilarious. Charlamagne the guy We are The Breakfast Club. Laura LaRosa filling in for Jess and let's get to Jess with the Mess with Lauren. LaRosa Is real. Jessica Robin Moore. Jess don't do no lying.


She don't spare nobody Worldwide. Jess worldwide mess on The. Breakfast Club. She's a coaches. Lauren. Lauren Osa. I'm back. And, I got the mess. Talk, Talk to me So big. Sean has finally announced the date. That better me than you. The album will drop. He says it's dropping this Friday, August 30th. Charlamagne, I know you had sat down with him, had a conversation about the album and kind of some of the preparation leading into it. And he went live himself to kind of talk more about that. And he got really emotional. Let's take a listen. The whole concept of the album though is like better me than you.


So it's like when you go through your, it is like you the one who can handle it. So that's the concept of the album. So that's why I always remember like, 'cause it gets hard You know your faith get tested for sure. You know when you make art, you put your heart into this song. Lemme take my time. Had to gather myself. I definitely am a chronic overworker overthinker and I've been dedicating a lot of my life to it. It's hard because you do care about your So You know. I try and stay focused on the path of keeping the, the music focused on what I want to do, no matter what people think. Sometimes If you read into too much like the internet could suck the phone out of just anything you do. So it's just like, as a artist expressing yourself is just important to me to stay on that path.


I love when artists are that passionate about their music. Man Drop on a cruise bombs for Big Sean because You know Late. You go through a lot over the years. You know, putting that music together. You go through a lot in your life. You know, I mean, and, and and, and If, you really care, right? It'll be reflected in the music. So I can't wait to hear the final version and What, what he was crying for. 'cause he couldn't promote it the way he wanted to promote. Is that why He was here? I think it was a combination of things. So I on the other hand feel like I, it's nice to see, but I think a artist like Big Sean, he is so good, but I feel like he gets in his own way about stuff sometimes. So he talks about like creative apprehension, which anybody who puts out art understands that. He also just talked about like things coming up and happening and like how he had to talk to his mom to really help him push through because there was a lot that was going on while he was making this album.


But If you think about it just and what we know from the outside, right? Like there were leaks. The whole future Kendrick jerk thing stumped on the day that he dropped that. Yep. The Freestyle like that came out. Yeah, when He put a single, I just feel like there's always like something that he's up against. So maybe that, maybe that adds to it. But he talked a little bit about in real time what he was actually experiencing while making the album. Let's take a listen to the Spark. The last time I dropped the album it was Covid and ironically I got Covid now. So it's like I was excited to like plan my release parties. I was excited to do all of that last week. So when we were giving my son a bath last night, me and Janae, my mom called me and she was just like giving me them words.


And I was just like, look, I could keep working on some always and make it exactly how I want it and it, I'll be pushing it back for, or I could believe in the fire ass work that I got right now and that's what I'm gonna do. So the album is dropping this week? Yeah. Don't seem like Tears of Joys to me. Tears of joy to me. Like he was just reflecting on everything he went through. You know, putting the project together got Emotional ion a little bit. Yeah, yeah. Emotional came out what? 2022? So yeah, about two years. Yeah. 2022. He Cried in our conversation too. He cried just thinking about all of the the great things that his mom did, the sacrifices his mom made to encourage him to You know, keep keep going with his rap dream. So make sure you go check out that conversation.


It's on my YouTube page. See God C-T-H-H-G-O-D. And he's definitely underrated. He de definitely one of those artists that, that are underrated. He gets busy, he gets nice and a lot of time he doesn't get mentioned with the artists that we do talk about. Right? Where we talk Jake Cole or Future or Drake or, or or Kendrick. He, he doesn't get mentioned in that as much as he should.


Hey, hey, gather round. I got the lowdown on the hottest show in town based on some sh that really happened. It's called Fight Night, the Million Dollar Heist Baby. It's about a job hustler who tangles with some Stone Cold Brothers and pays the price you dig. Starring Kevin Hart, Taraji p Henson, Terrence Howard with Don Cheadle and Samuel L. Jackson. Catch Fight Night. The million dollar Heist streaming September 5th on Peacock. Right on.


Now back to the Funk Hybrid Nation season is over and it's time to get some sun outside. Gather your crew and hit the road in the spacious 2024 Nissan Pathfinder your getaway to larger than life adventures with spacious seating for eight and available panoramic moonroof. Everyone can enjoy the journey and soak in the scenery of the great Outdoors. Plus with an available toing capacity of up to 6,000 pounds. And an available intelligent four-wheel drive feature with seven drive modes. You can take your favorite toys while victory on new terrains, seize the thrill and start exploring with the 2024 Nissan Pathfinder today. Head over to Nissan usa.com to learn more intelligent all-Wheel Drive cannot prevent collisions or provide enhanced traction in all conditions. Always monitor traffic and weather conditions. Towing capacity varies by configuration. See Nissan towing God and Owner's manual for additional information. Always secure cargo


I think For sure. So moving on to another artist who's trying some things this week. Not trying some things but taking on some new things this week. Diamond from Crime Mob. So Diamond from Crime Mob posted that last Sunday she actually got baptized and her son Princeton was christened at the same time. She wanted, she said she wanted to share this experience on her platform because God has truly been amazing to her. She's encouraging other people to turn your life over to Jesus Christ. If you have not already because he's the way the truth and the life tomorrow isn't promised. And then she gave a special thanks to her church family for all of her support and all that. And it was You know it was really good to see. But I wonder what like, artists like a diamond from Crime Mob who like, if she's performing, she's booked anywhere.


Like the songs that she's singing is so different than what the church is gonna be like. Get baptized. Knuck is Knuck If you Buck is a negro Spiritual. I understand that. What are you talking about? But you ain't playing it in a church baby. Why not? You can remix a swag or, but how you gonna remix n If you buck You think Knuck If you Buck is not of God. Everybody. It's all about catching the Holy Ghost. It's all about catching the Holy Spirit Spirit. Let me hear you remix. I'm coming to club, shaking my dreads, hear Whatcha talking about. Lemme hear you next day. You never seen nobody shake their dreads in the church? I seen that. Are You outta here? Come on now. But You know what I mean? No, I I don't like, there's certain words that you cannot, I say you Come in the club, you're shaking my dreads, throwing these bows and busting these heads. God. What? What you mean? That's all God. Keep going. The keep on. Listen bitch. Have you ever evert step my, okay.


Have you ever heard a choir do n If you buck? No. You have Where? Where have you heard a choir do n If? you What church do you attend? All. All Right. Ain't looking for new members. All right. Because that's my type of carrying on. All Right. I've never heard a choir do n If. you buck Me neither. But I think it would be amazing. Why would You see not of God If. you just sitting here lying like the demon you are. And that's what I'm saying. My girl diamond just baptized to So Ain. Ready to pray. I think pray. Fight the devil. Demon. Demon. Yes. Demon. Fight the devil. Okay, I see where this could be going. N If you buck. I can see a choir. I, by the way, I've always thought of this. Lemme tell you some of the visions I'll be having in my head, right? Tell me. All right. Boom. Go ahead girl. T Awards, right? Yeah. Bishop TD Jakes, he comes out You know what I'm saying?


Gives a sermon, right? All the honor, they give a sermon, right? And they give this like powerful, powerful sermon just about You know fighting demons and fighting negative spirits, right? And then as they're talking, there's a choir behind them. And you start to hear, oh, that choir starts humming. You Mighta ate that. You mighta did that. Okay, Just think about everybody in choir. And I can See the ushers coming out. Oh, Them, not them. Ladies in the heads. Bu damnit bu bu sat bow. Yo, you can't tell me you don't feel cheese.


Tell me you don't feel cheese today. Hey, that ball here sweating like a real pastor Don Days. Up next is my bull ball. Now this princess right here, princess Bring, but the Holy Ghost, let's go. But the only ghost check hands to hands to him. Y'all put this off. Oh, okay. That is God. We're gonna let the drop donkey days up next. Shout to breakfast. I was donkey of the day. Damn the he haw. It's time for donkey of the today up.


I ain't trying to be donkey today no more. They should be embarrassed by what they already did. I didn't. I'm not making these people do these things called donkey of the day. And it really caught me off guard. Damn Charlamagne, who got the donkey out today? Today, well, just hilarious donkey. Today for Tuesday, August 27th goes to a young woman named Zaire, j Dennis, I think I'm pronouncing her name right. She's 24 years old of Millville, New Jersey. And she was recently accused of defiant, trespassing and violating two city ordinances, ordinances, how you pronounce that? Ordinance. Ordinances. Okay, I know what you're thinking. Charlemagne can't pronounce nothing. But also you're thinking trespassing. Uncle Charla. Really? People violate city.


What is it? Ordinances. You're saying it right? You just say like H at the end. 'cause ordinance, you're lisp, ordinance, ordinance. People violate city ordinances every day. B. Okay, well wait until you hear where she was trespassing at. Let's go to A, B, C. Let's go to six. A, B, C, news Philly for the report. Police. A South Jersey woman is now facing charges after police say video shows her climbing into a zoo. Enclosure. 24-year-old Zaire Dennis is facing one count of defiant trespassing. Police say she hopped a fence and entered a restricted area with the tigers. This at the Hanzi Zoo in Bridgeton authorities say she then enticed one of the 500 pound Bengal tigers by putting her hand through the wire enclosure.


No one was hurt. But now Dennis is officially facing charges. Lions, tigers, bears. Oh my desire. Thought she was detective, Lieutenant Marcus Miles, Bennett, and bad boys ride or die. You don't believe you can die, huh? Okay. What reason, other than possibly being high on fentanyl or some type of drug, would you jump into a cage at the zoo? Ma'am? Do you realize tigers are ambush predators? Okay, that primarily hunt large prey like wild boars and deers, but they also have a taste for monkeys, buffalo slot beds, leopards, and even crocodiles. So what would make you believe that a tiger wouldn't make an entree outta you? Okay, you jumping into a tiger's cage at the zoo and the tiger is thinking, well damn dinner delivered itself today.


Okay, you jumping into a tiger cage is literally the animal version of Uber Eats. All right, Tiger's like, I didn't know what to take out, but today I'll make an exception. You know what I really dislike about stories like this though? If that tiger would've made a meal outta you, they would've killed the tiger. Okay? Why would you kill a tiger for being a tiger If? you was a human jump in a cage with a tiger. I'm just going to assume you volunteering to be a value meal. Okay? Zaire, did you lose a bet? Are you trying to go viral? Thrill seeking? Did you want to see what it feels like to be a Whopper Junior? I don't know what the issue is with you. Okay, now I don't like zoos either. Okay? Zoos are animal prisons. And there's a reason that they keep these animals in cages at the zoo. It's because they're actually wild animals.


Okay? Razor shop, razor sharp claws, bite force that snaps bones like twigs. These aren't house caps. And. I believe that because of Frosted Flakes and Tony the Tiger folks have this perception of tigers, and they think tigers is sweet and it's all fun and games. Until you, in the digestive system of this apex predator, what happened to common sense? How many times has this woman watched the life of pie to think this was a good idea? Okay, life of Pie came out, what? 12 years ago? Zaire is 24, so that's half her age. I can see her watching this as a child and having it stuck in her mind that one day she too will form an unexpected bond with a tiger. But Zare, this ain't a movie, man. Okay? You not gonna miraculously tame this wild beast and walk away, not a snack.


Peta, where y'all at? Okay. This is when y'all supposed to be on someone like Zia's ass because she's endangering the lives of animals that are already in zoo prison. And we don't need copycats, okay? Because these animals minding their business and then people start jumping in their cages. All right, I'm a tiger. I see you Applebee's. All you can eat buffet. Now I get put down after enjoying a delicious treat because you decided you ma'am, human not to use common sense. Please give desire. J Dennis the biggest, he haw. You wanna play a game? I ain't letting this place stretch me out. I already You know how bootleg this place can be. You want, you want, you wanna, you wanna play a game? Sure. Let's play a game of guess what races Now.


Zy j Dennis, I'm doing the sound effects for you. Oh, the not, they didn't tell the sound effects at no Okaym don't play no more. I don't even play because You know he's not gonna have the sound. I thought you was down for the bootleg. Yeah, we went to go buy the DVD off the the corner. You upset. I Worked too. I worked too hard. I've been doing this a little bit too long. I could, I was ready for down, down, down. No, I'm not gonna, I'm not gonna let this run my, somebody turn the lights on. Let's play a game. Okay? Alright, let's do it on top. Let's play a game of, guess what, all ZJ Dennis, 24 years old of Millville, New Jersey jumped into a tiger's cage at the zoo.


DJ Envy? Yes. What race? Latino. Oh. Why do you think she Latino? I Don't Know. Okay. I don't Know. You just thought she was Latino? I just knew he didn't have the music. And. I just wanted to see what he was gonna do for, okay. All right. For not having the music. Lauren LaRosa, JRJ Dennis, 24 years old of Millville, New Jersey, decided to jump into the little tigers cage at the zoo. Guess what? Re she is giving A little mayonnaise. A little mayonnaise and little mayonnaise. Shake it off. Shake it off. Oh no, that's Not it. That's not I'm Wait, What you Was saying? Nothing. No, say shake. Shake it off.


Shake it off. Shake it off. All right. Yeah. Okay. Envy. DJ Envy. Lauren LaRosa. I want you both to know that you are absolutely positively wrong. Oh, desire j Dennis down down is black. Oh Man, she black. Yeah, she black. She's black. Black. Her edges is laid. You see what I'm saying? She jumped over that Face. She must have just been having a day pretty Too. She might need some help. Pretty, She wanted to catch The Tiger. It might be more serious than what we understand y'all. What you mean? Because Did she do it for the grin? I don't know why she did it. Look at not for TikTok. Look at her trying to feed the tiger. She a pretty young Girl. Pretty pretty old. 24-year-old can say she pretty like, like, like why? What this have to do with anything pretty.


People make better decisions or something. I mean, I ain't gonna say that. I'm just saying If you ugly. We can understand why you want get eaten. I can't even for this pretty girl to be doing stuff like this. Yeah. Okay. All right. That ponytail is laid. Alright. Look Brandon, this your age girl. You know he don't like black women. You Know. Look Brandon. Brandon wanna eat em more than the tiger right now. Brandon was Interested when they, when I go, when I said it was mayonnaise. Oh yeah, I forgot that. Yeah. That ain't Brandon. Taste all right. Yeah, I'm sorry Brandon. Like white meat. Okay. Alright. Black man from Ghana that like white meat. So like we said, our producers are out, both of our producers are out. So it's been kind of hectic up here the last couple of days. That's why you haven't heard the sound effects. Now DVD with the subtitles is crazy.


The reason I do this is 'cause we just got another one. So Big Mac, our producer sent us this as a topic. He says, more women in the US are skipping college for vocational schools and pursuing careers as electricians, car mechanics and drivers. He's saying that people feel that men are the new, or sorry, women are the new men. So the question is 805 8 5 1 0 5 1. Are men becoming too soft that women have to take on traditional men roles? A lot of women not wearing deodorant nowadays either. So they be musty. So that's a great vocation. I like the fact that they're vocational. 805 8 5 1 0 5 1. Are men becoming too soft that women are now taking on traditional roles?


I Don't think it to do with being soft. I just think the women's smarter. They know where the money at. Yeah, but listen, let me tell you, that's why I said whoa. 'cause like that is a little, that's a bit of a stretch. It's a $2 billion. Why? Looking at me. That's, that's him. Mack. Mack, okay. You go look him. That question was a little biased. Just a little bit. Yeah. I don't like the way you, it's the way you worded it. It's a $2 billion industry. Yeah. I mean, I'm sorry. It's, people are $2 billion on in debt. People not, I don't what you talking about saying people. People not going to traditional schools anymore because the amount, amount of dead and money Guys, the investment is not worth for. You're saying. And we'll take your calls when we come back. I Went to a vocation Girl Jordan, the welder Jordan calling right now. Jordan is a welder that listens to us all the time. She been listening to us for years.


She make a lot of money. That's Right. And we'll talk about when we come back. It's the breakfast slogan. Morning The Breakfast Club. It's topic time. Call 805 8 5 1 0 5 1 to join into the discussion with The. Breakfast Club. Talk about it. Morning everybody. It's DJ nv Jess. Hilarious Charlamagne guy. We are The. Breakfast. Club. Lauren LaRosa. Fill it in for Jess. Now If, you just join us. We're asking 805 8 5 1 0 5 1. Our producer, big Mac sent us this article is saying that more women in us are skipping college for vocational school and pursuing careers as electricians, car mechanics and truck drivers Like the source.


'cause I, I, first of all, I'm all for that 'cause I'm a big trade school proponent. I'm a big on vocational school. I think everybody should be going to vocational school because I feel like you should learn how to do something with your hands. Learn how to do some skill, some type of skill that's gonna always be able to make you some money. Yeah, Absolutely. And that's why I, I love, shout to Lincoln Tech who's a, a sponsor for my car show. Who has, they have vocational schools all across the country in, in Texas and Maryland, DC the South And, I love them because like you said, it's so many different things. Those are that because of those schools, The, World doesn't stop. So like, whether it's hvac, whether it is welding, whether it's automotive, whether it's healthcare. Like they train students for that. And those jobs never go away.


So during Covid, those people were still making money. 'cause you still needed heated electricity. You damn right, you still needed your car. You still, you still needed healthcare. You still needed those things. So that's why I You know I push Lincoln Tech so much as well as my HBCUs. But You know college is not for everybody. And sometimes you need to get right to that bread. And sometimes that is with, and These are six jobs. Electric You know, listen, car mechanics, truck drivers. There's one lady. So Does Well, wait a minute now what? That might have been a woman driving that goddamn Mack truck this morning. Why? Because you think it's just women that can't drive. Yes. That might have been my only, now that I think about it. Oh, here You go. I forget. Oh, it's a lady in this article at 25 years old, her net sales were, were estimated to be over a million dollars because she took over her parents' truck repair center.


Mm. Well that's crazy. I have no problem with it. I have no problem with anybody using their hands. Anybody getting into the bag? Anybody get into the check? Especially jobs where this You know everything that's going on in this world right now is so flimflamming. The fact that you can have a job and that You know that your job will take you to the rest of your life. I don't have a problem With it. And you can open up your own business You know what I'm saying? Like you get your You know you get your own electricity certificate or whatever, then you open up your own electricity shop or your own repair shop, like Shop Electric Shop or plumbing. Yeah, absolutely. I think think it's dope. I'm, I'm shocked that You know just more women are going towards it. I would think everybody would be going towards vocational school. There's been An 11.6 increase since 2020 and women going to vocational schools. Angelica, Good morning. Good Morning.


Talk to us. What's your Thoughts? My thoughts? I feel that men are lazy now because they see that women go hard. Women, us women we're go getters and they know that women are going to take home, take care of home regardless if a man do it or not. I, so I feel like that's more reason for a woman to go to vacation school and get a fast certificate because she'll make more money doing electricity. I don't like these broad generalizations though. Like you can't just say all men are lazy. Now you Change tires. Charlie Most, huh? I I'm not gonna say all men. Some men are aa. I, I I'm with him. I got what you say, man, I got aaa. She, she actually hung up. How old are you?


Oh, she's not dating man. No. Hello? Who's this? This Chris. Chris, talk to us. What's your thought, Chris? You said Chris or Crip? Chris. Chris Crip. Chris. Chris. Oh, Chris. I thought you meant Crip. I was like Crip. Yeah. Okay. Yeah, yeah. What's up man? What's up? Salute everybody this morning? Yes sir. How are you? One of the things I wanted to say real quick was I believe that this might be by design some kind of way for these women to be more in You know, taking on these manly roles. And, I. Think it has a lot to do with why we got so many single females and single men. Because the men don't want to relinquish that power to a power. A female that's dominant like that, that want to work in a man c or even You know just being a dominant woman.


And. I believe that The World, I mean I I ain't gonna say The World, maybe the US is making the black woman feel more masculine and she's losing her femininity. We need the grandmama and them back in the day, man. Hey mama was everything. Now mama, you go to mama to help change the tire. You know what's so crazy. You say that crazy you say that, but our grandmas, at least I'm speaking for my grandma. My grandma was doing more manly stuff back then. I would literally just doing that the grandmas now. Whatcha you talking about? My Mom, my grandma. My mom. Well before all of her stuff, my mom laid tile. She taught me, I know I can spackle like I could do all That. I was doing stuff like going out to the, the, the, the, the sewage tank with my grandma and helping her clear the sew thing.


Like all types of stuff. Cutting weed, And I agree. But they didn't lose they femininity. I don't, I don't, I don't know why that makes a woman less feminine. I really don't like, I'm looking at this woman named Victoria Carl. She owns her own repair shop. She took a 50% investment from her parents when she was 21. Took over the repair shop. Now she has four full-time technicians. And when she wants to, she rolls up her sleeves. I don't know how that makes her any less feminine. And she makes over a million dollars a year. I think that's a small business woman. Exactly. That That's the thing. That's, that's the thing we put in a dollar amount. I heard TD Jakes preach this sermon recently. And I agree. I agree that we, the females are losing the femininity in what they were created to do by the Crater.


So does it make you, so, does it make you lose your masculinity If. you go in the kitchen and cook a meal as a man, That ain't what God created you to do. Cook meal. God, You Just gonna be hungry, huh? To be the mother. God, Some amazing men that are chefs. I'm not talking about doing their stuff like that. That's, that's the chauvinism thing. I'm not talking about that. I'm talking about women more, more women today don't want kids. They were created to be multiplied is because And I feel like as a whole, that's what we are seeing now. We are seeing a lot of females that say, okay, I don't want, I don't want to be married. I don't want to have kids. But in the divine creator's idea from way back in time that none of us can dispute, we women were created to be with the man and the man and the woman was supposed to multiply, be fruitful and multiply.


Now women are becoming so strong and independent, they don't need a man. So they not even interested. I think we gotta, I think we gotta stop with these broad generalizations. Thank you Chris. I'm sorry, just listening to it. Yeah, I think we gotta stop with these broad generalizations. Like, I mean to me man, anybody that's a, I think being an entrepreneur is fly. I think being an entrepreneur is sexy. I think If you a man You. know what I'm saying? And. I knew you thought I was Sexy. Man, shut up man. I'm just saying. I just think that it's dope when you are an entrepreneur, a male or a woman. I don't have no problem with these women going to vacational school and opening up their own businesses because that's what I'm really seeing. A lot of these women have their own businesses. Yeah, that's what I'm seeing. Boston in This article. Boston, I'm a problem with it. And. I don't. But I don't have a problem with men being in, in the kitchen cooking either.


There are a bunch of men, chefs see white make that Damn real. Tell me more. Would You like to cook? Are You looking like that? I'm just listening to NV started, said he don't got no problem with a man in the kitchen. Cook 805 baby. Dang. What's wrong with him man? 800. You said it. He looked at you like he was hungry. I want that stir fry. He say stir fry me baby. Shut Up Stir fry. Me baby is crazy. More women in us. You gotta get that on a T-shirt. That is stir fry me baby. More women in us are skipping college for vocational school and pursuing careers as electricians called mechanics and truck drivers Now 805 8 5 1 0 5 1. This question is from our, one of our producers, Mack. He said a member coming too soft that women have to take on traditional minerals.


I'm for All of that except for the truck driver. Let's, Let's discuss How want women doing All of that stuff is up for truck driving. It's the breakfast love. Good morning If y'all talking about it You know we talking about it. It's topic time. Hey.


Hey. Gather round. I got the lowdown on the hottest show in town based on some shh that really happened. It's called Fight Night. The Million Dollar Hikes baby. It's about a job hustler who tangles with some stone Cold brothers and pays the price you dig. Starring Kevin Hart, Taraji p Henson, Terrance Howard with Don Cheadle and Samuel L. Jackson. Catch Fight Night. The million dollar heist streaming September 5th on Peacock. Right on now back to the funk.


Hibernation season is over and it's time to get some sun outside. Gather your crew and hit the road in a spacious 2024 Nissan Pathfinder your gateway to larger than life adventures with spacious seating for eight and available panoramic moon roof. Everyone can enjoy the journey and soak in the scenery. You have the great outdoors Plus with an available towing capacity of up to 6,000 pounds. And an available intelligent four-wheel drive feature with seven drive modes. You can take your favorite toys while adventuring on new terrains, seize the thrill and start exploring with the 2024 Nissan Pathfinder today. Head over to Nissan usa.com to learn more intelligent All-wheel drive cannot prevent collisions or provide enhanced traction in all conditions. Always monitor traffic and weather conditions. Towing capacity varies by configuration. See Nissan Towing Guide and Owner's manual for additional information. Always secure cargo.


Morning everybody. 8 5 8 5 1 5 1 To Join into the Discussion with The Breakfast. Club The. Breakfast Club. Now justice on maternity leave. So Lauren's filling in and we're asking 805 8 5 1 0 5 1. This question came from one of our producers. More women in us are skipping college for vocational school and pursuing careers as electricians, car mechanics and truck drivers. A member coming too soft that women have to take on traditional men roles. Is the question Also The. World is changing. Like there's certain things that men just don't have to do no more. Like Lauren asked me earlier, do I change a tire? No, I called AAA like everybody does now nowadays. But Do You know how to change a tire? If? you had to. I used To. I mean, My concept of it, yes, of course, but like I'm with Charla, not just call aa, AA being in there less than 30 minutes.


You all know we can call aaa. We all know we can call TaskRabbit to hang stuff, but I think TaskRabbit too. I don't hang issue. I'm not putting nothing together either. Love. But I think there are a lot of men now that if I were to If, you were stuck somewhere and AAA can't get to us for some hours and you, I had this stuff and you had to figure it out. They can't do it. They can't change the tire. Well, first of all, while y'all on them back roads in Delaware, when can't nobody get to you a few hours for hours? Okay. Jesus. Okay? Mm Mm You need a man. You need a trade. You need a trade. You need a man. I'm on vocational school. You did? Yeah. What'd you get your trade in? Legal administrative assistant. What That mean? I'll Sue your ass. Oh, Ain't Sound like it's like No, no. It's like the, it's like the people that go through like the paperwork and the contracts and stuff for an Attorney. Oh, I know you had to go to trade school for that.


You do you technical trades. You need Dope. Hello? Who's this? This is Lisa calling from va. How are y'all? Hey Lisa from the 7 5 7. What part of Virginia? I'm calling From New Newport News. Virginia. Hey, you going to the cousin festival? Pusha T's cousin festival? No I'm not. Why not? I'm too old for that. No you're not. Erica. Erica Badu is performing. Jermaine Dupree dj and I'm DJ and it's gonna be, it's gonna be nice. RB celebration, ERY Badu. Okay Y Yeah. Yeah. I love ery Badu. So bring your ass on. Have a good time with us. I know that's right. So for the question of the day, I'm just saying women trying to make that money, it's not about men, men being soft, it's about making that bag. And it's a lot of fields, a lot of opportunities out here for women that weren't out here before.


So we wanna make our own money. Going back to the question of the day that you all spoke about, young women raising your children, about being independent, that all wraps up together. We wanna make our own money. We don't wanna be able to ask anybody for anything. I agree With that. I don't have a problem with it whatsoever. I, I, I don't even know why we in here even acting like it's a problem for these girls to be going out here making more money. I think everybody should be going to vocational school. Hello? Who's this? This is NDI you doing? Hey, good morning. What's your thoughts? Good morning. So on this question for today, I have a line service. And, I. Don't think the guys are just soft, but they are very lazy. They have no motivation. They wanna live off women. But my son, they're seven and two and that's my help.


But other than that, I'm a one man show. So you Wait one man show as in you get out and do the lawn Work. Yes. You get out and do the what? I got the lawn mower in my truck. The lawn. I have a lawn service. Okay. So I CT line service, I'm me by myself there lawnmowers in the trunk and I'm out here knocking on these doors. Do you need me to cut this grass? I don't have no problem with you price. I have no problem with you doing what you doing because If you not If you not gonna do it. It's gonna be some immigrants that do. Right? That's justt Matter. We right about that for five. Well, I mean she right. She never five. But I look At it like this, right? Today's world is, is a challenge. World inflation's high. The cost of goods are good. So the cost of goods are so high. I don't have a problem with men and women doing, doing roll just to make money and to make sure their family is good.


We are not at a place anymore where you can be like, well I'm gonna sit home and do this. No, we, we both gotta go out there and make this bread because things are super duper expensive and we don't know when it's gonna get better. And the brother called up here and the brother said, mainly You know. He said that You know men got God ordained people to do certain things. Right? How do You know you might be suppressing a gift because you're not even going towards that gift because you think 'cause society has told you this isn't what you're supposed to be doing. Right? You know how many amazing male cooks that are out here in these streets flew to my guy chef BJ in Charlton, South Carolina. Oh, He's laughing at me when I said there's amazing chefs out there in the Kitchen. No, I'm just saying. But You know. Just think about how all these amazing male cooks that we know, who, if they would've listened to society, tell 'em men ain't supposed to be in the kitchen cooking, they wouldn't exist.


Like, like I'm looking at these women in this New York Post article. They fire, right? Amazing car repair shops, amazing electricity, electric repair shops. One of these women helped build the Buffalo Build stadium. Her name is Brie Loomis. She helped build the build stadium with her construction business. If these women didn't follow their instinct and and just say f what society is talking about, they wouldn't have become the great people that they are. So my whole thing is man, don't, don't really listen to society. Listen to what your discernment tells you that you should be doing right. Because that's actually God. So when he said God ordained people to do certain things, no society and the patriarchy ordained people to do certain things, not God. You've Been in church all Day today.


No You. know what I mean? Yes. Yeah, I know God. Yes. God ordained you to do certain things, but those things aren't engulfed in the patriarchy landed. There You Go. There you go. Yes. All right, well we got justice The mess coming up with Laura la Ru. What are we talking about? Yes, we do. We are gonna get into the the astronauts that, the astronauts that are stuck in space. I heard about them. I did. Yes, absolutely. Yes. They're gonna be there for a few months. So we gonna talk about how they even ended up there. All right, we'll get to that. Next. It's The. Breakfast. Club. Good morning The. Breakfast Club. Morning everybody. It's DJ Envy. Jess. Hilarious. Charlamagne the guy We are The. Breakfast. Club. Lauren LaRosa filling in for Jess and let's get to Jess with the mess with Lauren LaRosa News is real Hilarious.


Jessica Robin Moore. Jess don't do no lying. Don't do, She don't spell nobody worldwide mess on The. Breakfast Club. She's a coach. Lauren. Lauren And. I got the mess. Talk to me. So I know we said we were gonna go to space first with the astronauts. Were are stranded. But before we do that, breaking right now, little baby was arrested in Las Vegas on Monday for carrying a concealed weapon without a permit, which is a felony. So he was taken at the time to Clark County Detention Center on 5K Bell. He was supposed to be headed to celebrate James Harden's birthday.


I don't know. You know what the situation is if he made it there or whatever. Right now there's not much more information outside of that. Yeah, little baby that came outta nowhere. He was just there like handing out all the money to the people in the restaurant. They gave him $11,000 worth of tips. Yeah. So man, that that happened fast. But moving on, we have two astronauts right now that are stranded. Not stranded, but they're gonna have to spend six months in space. Which was not expected. They were only supposed to be there for a month. Let's take a listen to the news report. Now's astronauts Butch Wilmore and Sunny Williams report. Boeing Star liner's historic launch in June, but they were only supposed to be in space for a week.


NASA now says the return from the International Space Station eight months past schedule on a SpaceX Dragon capsule, the troubled Boeing star liner spacecraft has been plagued by helium leaks and thruster issues. NASA testing to find out whether Starliner could fly home with butch and sunny on board, but the risk ultimately too high. Boeing released this statement saying they continue to focus first and foremost on the safety of the crew and spacecraft. The SpaceX Dragon capsule will save two seats for Butch and sunny when it heads to the ISS. But before that, Starliner will undo and return to earth with no one on board. I wanna know what's popping on the ISS. The fact that they got an international space station where all the different You know countries, space organizations from different countries are just hanging out and kicking it.


I wanna see what's happening up there And the fact that you could just like pop up there and be like stuck for six months and it's all right. Just chill. And. I mean. I don't know if it's cool, but it don't seem like they're stressing. I even saw them on the news. I thought they was giving an interview. Yeah, they could do interviews. They, they could watch television. They said to sleep. They gotta sleeping in like a sleeping bag that's like tied to the wall. So Where did they poop and pee though? There's Like, does it float like on the movies? I don't know. And do they have sex? Man, I wouldn't masturbate on that plane. I mean six months and it's just them Two up there. Sperm just flying. You start playing a game of Pacman. What? What? There was You just floating around munching. This guy's disgusting. Floating around munching. Wait, excuse me. 'cause we went, hold on. I looked down at my notes for one minute.


And. I looked up and you was munching. You went, Went From sex to so, but He was munching sperm 'cause he said he masturbate. I Was about to say yes. Are we? What? I was not, What was you munching? And the The swallow through was crazy. Like I just watched You just all just Swallow through is crazy. Yeah. I mean, hey, you over here looking like a champ? I don't know. I don't know what else to say, man. I hate This show. Well, yeah, I mean, Elon Musk is supposed to be saving them in six months when that other I do you call it Hold. So Elon Musk is saving them in. He's not going there. But he is sending one of his SpaceX. Correct? Like they're already going up for like a mission in February. Yeah, in February. So once the mission is over, they're the two astronauts were stuck, are going to board that craft.


Come back home and come back home. But they gotta change their outfits. That was a Boeing, it was a Boeing vessel that went up. There Ain't no way in hell. I damn didn't, I don't wanna fly bowing in the sky. Why the hell would I fly bone in space? So the Boeing vessel had some problems so it just came back unmanned. And now Elon Musk has the next vessel that's shooting up there in February that's gonna, man, I'm telling y'all right now, them people got something going on up there that we don't know nothing about. It's popping up there. I'm telling you, they probably stop us on the International Space Station. McDonald's, they're Supposed to be there eight days. They're gonna be there eight months. Nah, there's something going on. They hanging out. They hanging out with extra tre and everything. They popping Up there. And I. Forget the woman. Oh, Sunita Williams her at her mom. They did an interview with her mom and her mom was like, oh well she just does this for a job. Can you imagine calling your mom or however you explain to your mom when you're in space and being like, yo, I'm stuck here for six months.


What would your mom say? I told you about going to them damn masters. I told You a dumb ass, dumb ass. And I told she went to trade school And she better, I see her at funeral reunion now she missing And guess what? Her dumb ass is at Dumb. An electrician. I told her to be an electrician. Dumb ass wanna be in space. Yeah. Them white people preparing to leave us here. I just want y'all to know that, by the way. Oh Lord. Oh Lord. Just want You know. But working on, I don't blame him either. So Mark Zuckerberg, he released a statement today and, or at least I saw it today. And I thought it was pretty interesting, especially because we're having so much conversation right now about government controls when it comes to media, social media platforms, who's banned where, all that stuff. So in this statement, he says that in 2021, senior officials from the Biden administration, including the White House, repeatedly pressured his team at meta for months to censor certain COVID-19 content, including humor and satire.


He says that they made some choices that with the benefit of hindsight and new information they wouldn't have made today, they believe that the government pressure was wrong and they regret that they were not more outspoken about it at the time. I thought that that was insane. Pressure them to do what? To not post certain stories or? No, basically they had to like set content standards. And the content standards were like You know block. You don't remember during the pandemic If you would put up certain things that mentioned certain words when it came to Covid and stuff like that, things would be removed. They don't give an exact example of what specific content they're talking about that they would've allowed now that they're looking back. But I do remember you would post certain things and it would be, it would be flagged. Well, that's, that's the type of government outreach I don't like, that's not freedom. But if the Biden administration was reaching out to say a lot of the things that are on meta aren't accurate and it's causing people to do things that are hurting themselves or others, I can see them reaching out to mark the monitor the content on Facebook.


'cause I, I read in that article where Mark said that the, the the to take down the content was actually Facebook's decision. Right. The ultimate decision was up to them. Right. But he just felt like You know. He didn't appreciate You know the government pressure. So I wonder, which was it? Like, it's Just crazy. 'cause we finding out that they, they no one knew what they were talking about anyway from, there was a lot of government officials who didn't know suffer so different. But I don't, I don't mind it. Like you said, if it's to save people's lives. Like You know one time Trump said You know. Oh yeah, the bleach take bleach. Yeah. You know what I mean? Just imagine if that You know and people really thought that and died. You know it's A slippery slope though. It is. Because you don't know what you taking down. Like You know. You know where did it stop? Where where did the line drawn? But it, it is only a matter of time before they put regulations on social media. I done told y'all this before.


YouTube, Facebook, all of these platforms have people on it acting like they are broadcasters. So all these platforms eventually gonna get the same FCC rules and regulations as TV and radio guaranteed. Right? I would never own an app. And. I would never be calling politicians. Too much stress. All Right, well that is just with the mess with Laura LaRosa. When we come back, we got the People's Choice Mix. It's The. Breakfast, Club. Good morning. Morning everybody. It's DJ Envy. Jess. Hilarious. Charlamagne the guy. We are The Breakfast Club. Lauren LaRosa is filling in for Jess and we gotta salute to Angie Martinez. Yes. Angie Martinez is set to make her directorial debut. She is going to be directing a feature length documentary on DJ Clark. Kent Clark. Clint Clark. Clark Kent, sorry. And it's gonna feature Appearances by Jay-Z Quest love DJ Khaled.


It's gonna tell stories about You know him, pushing Jay-Z to believe in Jay-Z when he wasn't Jay-Z him talking little Kim through her first studio session. Just very iconic moments. And Angie Martinez at the hymn of that, I think is gonna be amazing. So shout out to Her. I I need more stories from Angie Martinez. I can't wait to watch the Clark Kent documentary dropping on the Clues bond for the great Clark Kent. Yeah. Shout to Clark Kent Legend in any lifetime. Great person. And I love Angie Martinez's book. I just want to hear more about those, those stories from these iconic figures from the nineties. Okay. Angie Martinez is a one of one. Yes. All right. She's on the Mount Rushmore You know of hip hop. I mean, I don't even know if Angie's on the Mount Rushmore. She, there should just be a statue of Angie Martinez built outside of damn near any broadcast studio in The.


World. And it could be g it could just be her shoulders because we all stand on them. That's a fact. You know. 'cause You know from radio the, the how it evolved in the podcasting. Like personalities like Angie Martinez inspired all of us to do it in some way, shape, or form. So that's right. Salute to the legendary Angie Martinez Ute to Angie Ma. All right, when we come back, we got the positive notice. The Breakfast. Club. Good morning. Morning everybody. It's DJ Envy. Jess hilarious Charlamagne ne guy. We are The Breakfast Club. Lauren LaRosa. Filling in for Jess now. Charlamagne, you got a positive note? Yes. The positive note is simply this man If, you are ever tempted to look for outside approval. Realize that you have compromised your integrity. If, you need a witness to your greatness. Be your own.


Have a blessed day. Breakfast Club. Bitches finish or y'all done? Hey. Hey. Gather round. I got the lowdown on the hottest show in town based on some shh that really happened. It's called Fight Night, the Million Dollar Hikes Baby. It's about a job hustler who tangles with some stone Cold Brothers and pays the price you dig. Starring Kevin Hart to Roger P. Henson, Terrance Howard with Don Cheadle and Samuel L. Jackson. Catch Fight Night, the Million Dollar Heist streaming September 5th on Peacock. Right on now, back to the Funk.