
Hey, hey. Gather round. I got the lowdown on the hottest show in town based on some shh that really happened. It's called Fight Night, the Million Dollar Heist, baby. It's about a job hustler who tangles with some stone Cold Brothers and pays the price you dig. Starring Kevin Hart, Taraji p Henson, Terrance Howard with Don Cheadle and Samuel L. Jackson. Catch Fight Night. The million dollar Heist streaming September 5th on Peacock. Right on.


Now back to the Funk


Gear up for Outdoor Adventures with the 2024 Nissan Pathfinder. This mid-size SUV is designed for Epic Journeys. Offer a spacious seating for eight available panoramic moonroof and an available intelligent four-wheel drive feature with seven drive modes. Take your off-road experience to new heights. Discover the 2024 Nissan Pathfinder at Nissan usa.com. Intelligent all-wheel drive cannot prevent collisions or provide enhanced traction in all conditions. Always monitor traffic and weather conditions. Toing capacity varies by configuration. See Nissan Towing Guide and Orange manual for additional information. Always secure cargo.


Most deals are barely worth mentioning, but then there's at t's best deal on the new Samsung Galaxy Z Flip six. You can get it on them when you trade in your eligible smartphone any year, any condition. It's a deal. So good. You'll be shouting from the rooftop. So grab a ladder and learn how to get that new phone on At t. At t connecting changes everything requires Trade-in of Galaxy S note or Z Series Smartphone Limited Time offer 256 gigabyte for $0 additional fees, terms and restrictions apply. See att.com/ Samsung or visit an at t store for details.


State Farm Insurance knows that understanding and investing in our cultural identity is paramount in protecting our future We. know what it's like to go from nothing to something to wish that we had better financial literacy when we were younger. Luckily State Farm is here to help with funding programs like Project Ready, which is committed to education achievement and has already awarded over 11 million in scholarship offers to black and brown youth since 2021. State Farm believes that being better neighbors creates better communities. Like a good neighbor. State Farm is there.


America, we are endowed by our creator with certain unalienable rights, life, liberty, and the pursuit of happiness. By honoring your sacred vocation of nursing, you impact your family, your friends, and your community. At Grand Canyon University, our online RN to B-S-N-M-S-N or DNP degree programs allow you to balance online coursework with local in-person clinical practicum or immersion hours. Find your purpose at GCU Private Christian, affordable. Visit gcu.edu.


Wake Up. Wake of Wake up. You guys really are like the hip hop. Early morning, late night Talk The Breakfast Club is the most powerful, popular urban radio show in America. The Black mothership in New York City. DJ Envy, Charlemagne De God and Jess. Hilarious. Thank y'all for Being cultural leaders, man. I appreciate what y'all do for the Culture collectively known as Breakfast Club. I'm always nervous when I do The, Breakfast, Club because sometimes you say stuff and it's just gonna get you in trouble. Everybody we cooking Good morning. USA Yo yo, yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo.


Jess is on maternity leave, Lord, the roasts here. Good morning. Good morning. Charlemagne the guy. Peace To the planet. Guess what day it is? Guess what day it is? Home day. Good morning. How y'all feel out there? Another, another day to serve. I feel blessed black and highly favored. I'd like to report a crime this morning. Another one. Mr. C. Something. Say something. You know me. See something to say. Something I'm hear something to say something. Okay. Oh, Lord. I came in this morning. And, I. Heard about an assault, a hit and run. This guy's Crazy, right? Sky's crazy. You can can't tell them nothing. You Can't tell them nothing. I heard about it and the person that said it was bragging, No, I didn't. The person was like, I hit Bambi this Morning. I did not say, okay, this Guy's crazy.


I said, I bet you didn't stop. That was the setup. You. know what I'm saying? I'm wearing a wire. I said, I bet you didn't stop. And they said, I sure didn't Ha It. Be your own people, don't it. It be your own people, Don't it? Yes. That's crazy. I did hit Bambi this morning. Guilty. We're Glad you're okay. Confession. You got he. Okay. Bambi has to be okay, right? Bambi. Bambi continue to go into the woods, okay? So To bleed out internally and die. Well, we had breakfast yet this morning. Well, in, in most states, you are supposed to, it's okay to, you don't have to stop in New Jersey. You have to stop if Bambi is laying on the side of the road. So, thank God, Bambi, continue to run to the woods.


Hold on. If Bambi is laying on the side of the road and you didn't hit Bambi, you gotta stop and check on Bambi. Yes. You must stop If. you hit a deer in New Jersey. No, If. you hit a deer. Oh, If. you hit the Deer. Okay. If, you hit the deer. Yes. Yes. You must stop. But You stop and do what? Call the cops. But If, you saw Bambi laying out on the side of the road, and they was like, You, know, still alive. You wasn't Supposed to call nine one. Yeah. Supposed to call 9 1 1. I Okay. Until just a second ago. I didn't even know what I was supposed to do. Wow. I don't care about nothing but yourself. I mean, I, I didn't know either. This, I didn't know either, but this is sad. But I hit the tail end. Hit hit Bambi in the butt. Pause. So Hold on. So you hit Bambi You know that was gonna get On. You hit Bambi from the back early this morning and just kept it moving, huh? You wanna investigate? You wanna go find Video, don't you? You wanna go Find video, don't You?


You just hit Bammy from the back and let Bambi just wander off into the woods, huh? Oh, man. These Dude, we need to add another charge. Yo, I just had a, I just had a hit and run. And. I. Agree. If. you need to add a whole other charge to it. Jesus. Damn. Yeah. So, damn. But do asked if I was okay. I did. I said, are you okay? Envy you right. Yo is your, are your car? Is your car okay? Are you okay? Bragging about you feel didn't Banging bam bee from the back. I hate this place, man. It Sounds a little jealous to me. Oh, my right doesn sound a little jealous to you. It's Like the lady you call You Yesterday. Oh, you said jealous. I thought you said jish. I was like, I would agree with you, you to Be. No, it's Jish too. Jail ish too. A little bit of both.


Definitely gives Jish activities. Oh my goodness. All right, man. Shout out to Bambi. I am sorry. He just jumped right out on me. Like, ah. I'm like, ah, You. know who Bambi needs. Bambi needs somebody to stand up for them, okay. And speak out for their rights. Like, cool. We have that person coming this morning. Like who? Tamika Mallory will be here. Okay. Jesus. Tamika Mallory Will be here. Team Tamika Mallory will be joining us this morning. We're gonna be kicking it with Tamika Mallory. And then we got front page news. Next Morgan will be joining us at old movies. The, Breakfast. Club. Good morning. Morning everybody. It's DJ Envy. Jess, hilarious. Charlamagne, the guy. We are The, Breakfast Club. Lauren LaRosa, filling in for Jess, and let's get in some front page news. Good morning, Morgan. Good morning. Happy Wednesday to you guys. How y'all feeling?


Good. Yes, Ma'am. Yes ma'am. How are you, Morgan? Oh, I'm doing well. You know just saying a prayer for Bambi, but let's get into the front pages. Yes. For Bambi, Former President Trump is being charged once again in his January 6th election interference case. Now, this comes after the Supreme Court ruled last month, that Trump is entitled to immunity from criminal prosecution from official acts in office. The Department of Justice said Tuesday's new indictment reflects that ruling, and the charges against Trump have have been narrowed. Trump is accused of leading a conspiracy to overturn the 2020 election and disenfranchised millions of voters. The scheme allegedly culminated in a cascade of violent attacks on police at the US Capitol three years ago.


Meanwhile, former President Trump says he's reached an agreement with Vice President Kamala Harris related to the September 10th debate in Pennsylvania, Republican National Committee Co-chair Laura Trump says, the former president can't wait to face Harris. Let's hear more from Laura Trump. My understanding is that they have agreed to the exact same terms that the Democrats dictated for the June 27th debate. They were very emphatic that Donald Trump agreed to those rules. He said, okay. Donald Trump was very agreeable to do any debate. He said, anytime, anywhere, any place, to Joe Biden. They had the June 27th debate that CNN hosted who's no friend to Donald Trump. And it really knocked Joe Biden's political career. You know flat.


He debated Hillary Clinton three times in 2016, Joe Biden twice in 2020, and took him out of his political career with the first debate in June. So, I don't think it matters. Donald Trump will show up and he will be ready for this debate. Well, vice President Kamala Harris is not Joe Biden and And. I'm actually kind of shocked that Donald Trump agreed to all of the rules. 'cause I thought that he would, he would want a hot mic. Remember, that was the whole debate that he would want a hot mic. 'cause I, I would think he would want a hot mic, just because You know and just a straight up debate. The vice president of Dog Walk, Donald Trump You know she'll dog, walk him about policy and all of that type of stuff. But with the hot mic open, he'll attempt to overtalk her and interrupt her and insult her. But that's what he was scared about.


He was scared that You know that he wouldn't be able to finish a thought because her lawyer, her attorney background, that she would be questioning him even with that, even when, when it was his turn to speak. No, I think she'd be, she would be respectful because I think, so she knows, she knows how to properly debate. He wouldn't, yes. You know. She does, like, like I said, he'd overtalk her And interrupt her and insult her. But if, if he did that, she would still win because he, he'd look like a madman. She would have moments like she did before when she was like, absolutely. Excuse me, I'm speaking. He don't wanna hurt that. He don't want that. Absolutely. Yep. And that's what people will take away. You're right. The former president said it will be a standup debate and they can't bring any notes. CNM reports that microphones will be muted when the other candidates speaks, and there'll be no studio audience. Now, this comes as Trump and Harris camps have been going back and forth over the rules for that planned debate.


Now, meanwhile, Republican vice presidential nominee, JD Vance, says Kamala Harris is starting to copy policies of the former president speaking at a campaign stop in Big Rapids, Michigan. The Ohio Senator said, Harris needs to quit talking about what she's going to do and that she needs to do her job as vice president. Let's hear more from Vance. As much as fake. Kamala wants to pretend that she now agrees with Donald Trump. We've gotta remind her, she's the vice president right now. We had broad prosperity for every American rich and poor Donald Trump stopped the stupid wars and stood up to the bad guys all over The World. Hmm. So Vance said, when Trump was in office, excuse me, inflation wasn't, and it thought everyday items were affordable and there was peace in The World, he added that Trump had overdose deaths declining and was putting the drug cartels out of business thoughts.


Yeah. Yeah. When they say copying policies You know what, what does that mean? Like, there are things that we know You know America needs. We want folks talking about bettering the economy. We want folks talking about You know, fixing the border. We want folks talking about world peace. So wouldn't both candidates be talking about those things? Yes, Absolutely. I, I agree. In fact, speaking of talking, vice President Harris and Minnesota Governor Tim Walls, they're set to sit down for their, with CNN for their first joint interview. The pair will be interviewed by CNN's chief political correspondent in Anchor Dana Bash in an interview set to air on Thursday at 9:00 PM So mark your calendars for that. Both walls and Harris are embarking on a bus tour through Georgia with the interview to be the first time Harris has sat down with a journalist for an in-depth talk, since Biden has dropped out of the race for reelection.


So, yeah, That, that's part of campaigning. You have to go out there and explain yourself to the American people. I don't think why we're we're, we're taking this, oh, go ahead. Lemme, I was gonna ask why is she doing the first one with Tim Walls? Like, do you, do you guys think that that's gonna be like a, I think that's bad thing. Good. No, I think that's great. Yeah. Joint. Yeah. With walls for sure. You know show that they're united, so, And she has to convince them white people. Okay. All those white people in the Midwest, those electoral voters. Those hypothetical swing voters. Voters. Those undecided. Yes. Look, look at me here with my cuddly white men. Okay. Oh, I looked over at you. I ain't And. I ain't see no. Shut up. I was like, what white man. All Right, well that is, and You on the other side of the room, That is shut up. That is front page news. All right.


Thank you Morgan. We'll see you in an hour. Yep. Everybody else get it off your chest. 805 8 5 1 0 5 1 If. you need to vent. Hit us up right now. Four lines are open. It's The Breakfast. Club. Good morning, The. Breakfast Club. This is your time to get it off your chest. Keep calling. 805 8 5 1 0 5 1. We wanna hear from you on The. Breakfast. Club. Hello, who's this? Good morning. This is Marcus from Detroit, Michigan. What up though, Marcus? What up D Marcus? What up though? What's happening? I just wanted to say Charlemagne. Yes sir. Man, my brother. You are absolutely necessary.


Keep doing what you're doing. My brother And I. Just want to share a story about Kamala Harris before she became vice president, when she was just running for president. Yes, sir. At the Aretha Franklin Maxwell concert. I was sitting across from her from the aisle and they tried to rope her off and she flagged them, said no way. And she just interacted with the people and just showed a lot of love taking photos, giving her hug. You know her and her husband sitting there and You know that is my president. And I'm not, I'm not telling anybody who to vote for vote, but vote black America, please wake up. Alright?


Yes Sir. Thank you. Marcus. Hello. Who's this? Hey, dj, this is Daniel from Houston. Hey, Daniel from Houston, east Town. Hey, Daniel from Houston. Get it off your chest, Daniel. Oh. So, yes, just a quick question. Basically for all y'all, I'm 24 years old from Houston. I don't know as of right now who I'm voting for, but of course this is a very important election. So my question was, like I said to all y'all, y'all just said that y'all and y'all's opinion that Kamala Harris is gonna dog walk Donald Trump, And I was just wondering to know and the debate As To why y'all think Yeah. The debate as to why y'all think that. Because like I said, I don't know who I'm voting for yet, and You know. I'm just going down the middle seeing who's gonna say what. But the reason I ask that is because she hasn't done any interviews, no debates.


And then the one interview she is gonna do with 10 walls is gonna be prerecorded so they can edit it before they put it out. So how, how old? Yeah. How old are you, young man? Two, four. 24 24. Well, we've interviewed the vice president Kamala Harris here on The Breakfast Club twice. I've interviewed her on my, my, my television show. The God's Honest Truth or Hell of a Week, whatever, whatever it was called at the time. You know. And there's plenty of interviews and You know plenty of debates that you can go watch. I would encourage you to go watch her when she was in her Senate hearings. You know back when she was in the Senate. But you can also go watch when she debated Vice President Mike Pence four, four or five years ago. And I also think she deals with facts. I mean, she's an attorney, so she's trained to identify weakness in, in other people, especially opposing arguments.


She's a critical thinker. I just think she's smarter. And, I, And, I. Think she's sharp, very Concise. Former, former, former attorney general, former, former Senator You know Vice current Vice President. Yeah. She's got a lot more political experience than Donald Trump. And she's just, she's, she's just, she's just sharper. Like it's easy to look like that against an 89-year-old man. How old is Joe Biden? 88. 80 whatever. Hundred four. I dunno. I, I, I, I told everybody that was gonna happen in the debate between Donald Trump and Joe Biden. That was gonna be obvious, but he's not gonna be able to play with the vice president like that. Joe Biden Is 81 8. That's it. 81. But Drake, oh my God. His birthday is November 20th. He's my Birthday. Thank y'all so much. I appreciate y'all's opinion and let me know what y'all think. And I like. I like what you did. I mean, that's what everybody should do.


Ask questions. Absolutely You know. Ask questions about You. know the, the various candidates You know and, and make your own decision about who you wanna support. 805 8 5 1 0 5 1 If. you need to vent. Phone lines are wide open. It's The. Breakfast. Club. Good morning. The. Breakfast. Club. Ray. Ray. Ray. Yo. Charla, man. Envy. What up are we live? This is your time to get it off your chest. I got an indoor pool, a outdoor pool. We want to hear from you on The. Breakfast. Club. We Can get on the phone right now here. Tell you what, it's We live. Hello? Who's this? Yo, this is Rob calling from New Orleans. Rob from New Orleans. Get it off your chest bro. Yo, what's up man? What's up Charlie man, the other day? Yeah, I'm right here.


My brother. What's happening? I'm gonna be in New Orleans on September 20th at Baldwin books. Man. Man, I was gonna ask you about that too, bro. Appreciate you for teachers for telling, but man, we gotta stop with the truck driving slander, bro. 'cause You know down here in Louisiana, nobody can drive. You know. So you, they see you in your, in your company truck and stuff like that. They'll pull out in front of you trying to get hit. Trying to make a quick lit. So we gotta, we gotta put the other drivers on on notice too, man. I, I listen man, I, I understand And I did read. Thank you Rob. Something that it says no don't hang up on em. Maybe that regular cars cause truck, truck drivers to have more accidents or something like that. But the Mack truck drivers, y'all have to be cautious of everything around y'all. Y'all driving them cars like they just Hyundais or something bro, you not in a smart car when you in a truck.


Well we Got Eska on the line. She's a female truck driver. Ooh, get 'em. Hello. Good morning. Good Morning. Are you in your truck now? I am not near my truck. I'm on my way to my job right now. Okay. Okay. So what I wanted to get off my chest is that the color that you guys had yesterday and he was touching on training. Training is the most important part of my job now I do one of the most dangerous trucking jobs there are. I deliver to gas to gas stations. And the only reason why I have so much confidence to do my job safely is because of all the training, the safety training that I've had. And that's why I'm able to do my job safely.


Now, when I went to trucking school, Charlemagne? Yes ma'am. The teachers said that they preferred women. 'cause I know you said or I hope I not drug. The ER wasn't a woman. They preferred women because women are more responsible behind a wheel, especially when it comes to a tractor trailer. So I just wanna say that to you. Okay. I was just feeding into the stereotype that women can't drive. That's all. Okay, no problem. But when it comes to trucking, it's something different. So I just wanted to let you guys know that there are drivers who are safe behind the wheel. We understand the responsibility that comes with the job and we wanna protect ourselves and also everybody else on the road so we can make it back home to our family.


Do you encourage me reporting people? 'cause I reported Xavier yesterday, I did call one of them hotline numbers and report Xavier. I do encourage you because why are you driving like that? I agree. That's dangerous. Yeah. Yes ma'am. Very Much. Well be safe on that road mama. Alright, can I shout out my Instagram and my TikTok? Of Course. Women can't drive Mac trucks at, what is it? What is it? 71st of all, I drive a Freightliner so I don't like Mac trucks. Anyway, my TikTok and Instagram is a schmeer trucker, A schmeer A schmeer trucker. Just like that. I like that. Okay, Well go follow me then. Thank you. Have a good day. Guy trucker. I'm, I'm not even joking.


I encourage everybody to call, call these these hotline numbers on any Mack truck you see driving erratically. Okay. I don't care. 'cause them trucks is huge and they cause a lot of problems on the road. And us regular folks is just driving our cars, trying to get to where we going. And y'all got the biggest truck on the, A biggest vehicle on the road and y'all acting like y'all driving. Little Hyundais. I don't like it. Get it off your chest. 805 8 5 1 0 5 1. If. you need to vent. You can hit us up now. We got just with the mess with Lola Osa coming up. We Do. We are gonna get into LeBron James and Bronny and what that dynamic is gonna look like once they get on the court together. All right, we'll get into that. Next. It's The. Breakfast. Club. Good morning The. Breakfast Club.


Morning everybody. It's DJ nv Jess. Hilarious. Charlamagne the guy. We are The Breakfast. Club. Lauren, you good? I Am great. All right. Let's get to Jess with the mess with Laura. LaRosa, you music is real weather hilarious. Jessica Robin Moore just don't do no lying. Don't do. She don't spare nobody. Why Jess Worldwide mess on The. Breakfast Club. She's a coach. Lauren, Lauren La I'm back. And. I got the mess. Talk talk to me. LeBron James is entering his 21st season and this season is gonna be a little different because he's gonna be playing with his son Bronny, as we all know, Bronny agreed to the $7.9 million four year contract and they'll be on the same team with the Lakers.


So people have been wondering like what is that dynamic gonna be like? 'cause you're playing with dad but on the court it's like he can't be dad but like he can be or maybe not. So LeBron sat down for an interview on an uninterrupted, the shop, their show and he, he talked about this. Let's take a listen. Have you thought through not relationship 'cause you'll always be his dad. He'll always be his son. But what's your working relationship? Is he gonna call you dad at practice in the locker room? No, we already laid that. No, we already laid. No he can't. We already laid that down. He cannot call me dad in the workplace. All right, once we, once we leave out of the private facility and the gates closed, I could be dad again in the car. If we ride together at home I could be dad. No he gotta call me like two, three or bro.


Okay. Or goat. If he want to. It's up to him. I mean it's up to him. It's easy for me 'cause I've been calling Bronny for so long, it is not like I've been calling Hey son, hey son. Like so it's easy for me. It's gonna be the adjustment for him. But he cannot, we cannot be running down the court and he'd be like, dad ball dad, come on. No you cannot do that. We On teams, players have nicknames. Right. And some folks have personal nicknames for their teammates. You say you might have to say Pops Pops pass you the ball. He could say Pops, pops. No, I feel like they gonna get Brony so much like they, they gonna try to like little boy him. If he out there calling LeBron James dad like he gotta be his own like person. He gonna get that. Regardless though, he gonna get that number one 'cause he is a rookie and number two 'cause he is LeBron James son.


They gonna be they going. Yes. They're not gonna hold back on him at all. He's gonna get it 10 times harder gonna get scrutinized than a lot of people. And I don't think he gonna play that much. I don't, I don't think his first year he gonna play that much. I think he gonna play. You don't think so? No. He'll probably be playing the G League for a while and then when when the Lakers are blowing somebody out they'll put 'em in. But other than that I don't think he gonna get that much playing time his first year. Do we know yet how much the ticket for their first games are going for? 'cause doesn't that spike ticket prices? When's A million dollars? It's the Lakers. They gonna be a million dollars. But Is he, is he starting on the Lakers or is he starting in the G League first? I have no idea. I Don't know that either. I think he might be starting with the GI don't know. I don't know. But I'll usually they starting on the G League until he gets You know where it needs to be. But maybe he's there. I don't know. Well Mariah Carey's sister and her mother You know yesterday we reported that they both passed away over the weekend on the same day there has been an update.


So TMZ did a story. They spoke to a source. And I. Guess You know. People were wondering what the relationship between Mariah Carey.


Hey, hey Gather round. I got the lowdown on the hottest show in town based on some shh that really happened. It's called Fight Night. The Million Dollar Heist baby. It's about a job hustler. Who tangles with some stone Cold Brothers and pays the price you dig. Starring Kevin Hart, Taraji p Henson Terrance Howard with Don Cheadle and Samuel L. Jackson. Catch Fight Night. The million dollar heist streaming September 5th on Peacock. Right on now back to the funk.


Hibernation season is over and it's time to get some sun outside. Gather your crew and hit the road in the spacious 2024 Nissan Pathfinder your gateway to larger than life adventures with spacious seating for eight in available panoramic moon moonroof. Everyone can enjoy the journey and soak in the scenery of the great Outdoors. Plus with an available towing capacity of up to 6,000 pounds in an available intelligent four wheel drive feature with seven drive modes, you can take your favorite toys while adventuring on new terrains. Seize the thrill and start exploring with the 2024 Nissan Pathfinder today. Head over to Nissan usa.com to learn more intelligent All-wheel drive cannot prevent collisions or provide enhanced traction in all conditions. Always monitor traffic and weather conditions to capacity varies by configuration. See Nissan Towing Guide and Owner's manual for additional information. Always secure Cargo


NFL week one. It is finally here. And a new season means new ways to get in on the action at Draftking Sportsbook, an official sports betting partner of the NFL. Are you ready to place your first bet? Try betting on something simple like picking a player to score a touchdown. Let's go Score big with DraftKings. Sportsbook the best place to bet touchdowns. Download the DraftKings Sportsbook app. Use the code Bobby Sports. Put in the code Bobby Sports and get $250 in bonus bets when you bet just five bucks. You heard that right? And get one month of NFL plus premium on DraftKings. That's right. DraftKings The crown is yours. Gambling problem. Call 1-800-GAMBLER in New York. Call 8 7 7 8 Hope and y or Text Hope and y 4 6 7 3 6 9 and Connecticut Help is available for problem gambling. Call 8 8 8 7 8 9 7 7 7 7 or visit cpg.org. Please play responsibly on behalf of Booth Hill Casino and Resort Kansas. 21 plus age and eligibility varies by jurisdiction void, New Hampshire, Oregon, and Ontario. Bonus bets expire 168 hours after issuance. For additional terms and responsible gaming resources, see dk g.co/ft Ball. NFL plus premium offer available only to new and former NFL plus subscribers. Additional NFL plus premium terms at nfl.com/terms.


And her sister Allison was prior to Allison's passing because You know they have the history of Allison suing her back in 2021 for emotional dere distress because of some of the content Mariah Carey's book. So according to this source, that is supposed to be a closed source. Mariah Carey did not have any contact whatsoever with her sister before her sister's death. We do know, as was mentioned yesterday, that Mariah Carey said herself that she had got to spend the week prior to her mom passing with her mother, but unfortunately not with her sister. And what they're p this on is the fact that her sister had a drug addiction which drove a wedge in between Mariah Carey and her sister. They said that at one point in time Mariah Carey was supporting her sister both financially and emotionally.


But the addiction got to the point where Mariah Carey felt like she had to step back because she didn't wanna enable her. And because of that stepping back, they had not spoken up in even at the time of her death. So If, you got an addiction. I'm not supporting you financially unless I'm supporting you in a rehab facility. Other than that, no. And sometimes even when you're doing that, it's still tough because addiction is like such a big beast You know what I mean? It is really not much that you can do. But You know, still praying for her because it, it is still her sister, I'm sure at the end of the day You know what I mean? So I having a deal with that, that'll be affecting her. Yeah. Naomi Osaka, the US Open. So Naomi Osaka returned to the US Open. She earned her first top 10 win in the last four years. Wow.


Congratulations to us. Yes, please. Congrat. I know that's right. Or you better go ahead with the clap. So she will be now advancing to the second round of the US Open after defeating the person who was in the number 10 spot Jina as, I don't know how to say her last name. Aste Cock Pinco. I don't know, Excuse me. Pin what she, you said she what Pin what She defeated That Sound like something you seen on porn. I Defeated jj. I No, first of all, I'm trying to figure out where I got got that word from. 'cause it's not even spelled like that. All right, we gonna move on. Okay. So Naomi Osaka has had like a a, a rough couple of years. She had to take some time off. She was dealing with her mental health in 2021 and then she got pregnant, had a baby after she had the baby.


She talked about dealing with postpartum and basically not feeling like herself. She said she would, was missing You know hits when she would go play tennis that she normally wouldn't miss. It was just different trying to get back into her groove. But my sister's back and this is a big thing because she also has not gone past the second round in any major tournament since coming back from having her baby. So this will be her chance to You know. That's dope. Yeah, to Do that. They were talking about her fit yesterday too. They was like, she was, she looked fun. She had a don't fit people saying that it was an outfit that they don't usually wear on a tennis court, but it was dope. Oh it looked like a Tennessee outfit. But she did look good though. So she back feeling like her is what you're saying? Yeah, she's back feeling like her and she said that she told herself she was gonna be more confident this go round Dope. And it worked. So I'm, I'm You know.


Love to see it in other news, Dane Dash owes a lot of money. He owes New York City $8.7 million in unpaid taxes. Yikes. I I'm gonna do a little breakdown here 'cause it, it gets really steep. There's a lot of money owed to different people. So you guys know that Dane Dash right now is auctioning his part of Rockefeller, which is the big thing in that is his stake in reasonable doubt. So that has been like a big back and forth conversation because people are trying to figure out You know since Bigs and Jay-Z are a part of the ownership as well and you have to like vote on things in order to be able to, to use it. Is it even worth buying this stake in Rockefeller? So Dame has been saying it is, it is, it is.


It's a piece of history. You get changed blah chains with it as well, right? All this stuff. So now Billboard has done a story where they basically are saying that a lot of, the majority of the money from not even majority all of the money from the auction will go to first will go to money that is owed by Dame Jack Dame Dash to several different entities. So there is 8.7 million in unpaid taxes. There is 832,000 that he owes to a guy named Josh Weber. That's the guy that he was going back and forth with in court over the Dear Frank movie. There is $145,000 in unpaid Child Support between two women that he has kids with Rachel Roy being one of them.


And basically what is gonna happen is at some point, once the auction and everything is done, Child Support is gonna come in and they get their money first. Take their money first because over the Irs? Yes. Oh wow. I thought the IRS was the bullies. I thought they come to the front of the line If you owe them money, but they care About the kids first. They wanna make sure the kids are okay and the kids are taken care of and then they come and get their Money. Yeah. So the New York City Department of Social Service will actually have first dibs according to the court documents since Damon Dash Dame Dash owes a a total of $140,000, $145,096 in unpaid Child Support. Lord I Mercy. Yes. So then after that ev the, the money's gonna filter to everybody else. And again, he's looking at, they're saying like he could receive money from whatever is left.


I don't know what's gonna be left. I guess it all depends on what the auction goes for because I broke it down here in like between Child Support, the IRS, the money he owes to the, the Josh Weber guy. And there's two different balances for the Weber guy. So he owes him the money for Dear Frank, but then you also owed him an additional $155,000 for an unpaid like photographer for some something that they did with a photographer at one point. A woman named Monique. And How much for the IRS again, The IRS is 8.7 million in unpaid taxes. Yeah. So These are the things that they don't tell you or maybe we don't talk about enough when we have conversations about being an entrepreneur and being your own boss.


Correct. Because when you are your own boss, you have to be on top of all these things. Like this is why I be wanting a lot of these folks will be bragging about being their own boss and making their own money via all of these new platforms like podcasts, et cetera. Yep. You got to pay your taxes. Taxes, You gotta get an account to taxes. You gotta get a team and make sure that you do what you're supposed to do with your money. Yeah. And I tell everybody all the time, don't laugh, learn like That's right. It could happen to any, any one of us at any given time for not knowing the possible knowledge and knowing owing that much money is, is, is, is a stressor. It is difficult. And that's Right. You got these Patreon subscribers or these other subscriptions that you're doing and you got people paying every month and you making a lot of money. But are you paying your taxes?


Right? Are you on top of your taxes? I just wanna say too, the auction happening on August 29th. So tomorrow in at the Manhattan, at the Midtown Manhattan Hotel, the minimum bid is $1.2 million. And the prospective bidders will have to, are required to post at least $240,000 of a deposit to take part in the proceedings. So he could You know, depending on how interested people are in this and how bad they wanted, he could get himself outta debt with this. Well the thing is, they, they gotta understand what the value of is. It is And. I don't know, but you gotta f You know what's the value of, of that Rockefeller, 33% of that Rockefeller. What entities are owned under that? I know Jay-Z is supposed to get ownership back after 35 years.


I don't know if that's true or not. So it's just to You know figuring out what the value of is and any, any businessman or figure out what the value is to see if it's a great investment or not. You know. Yeah. But best of luck to him. Yep. Alright, well that is just with the mess with Lauren la so when we come back, we got front page news and then Tamika Mallory will be joining us. So don't move us. The Breakfast Club. Good morning The. Breakfast Club. Your mornings will never be the same Morning everybody. It's DJ Envy. Just hilarious. Charlemagne the guy. We are The Breakfast Club. Lauren is filling in for Justin. Let's get back in some front page news. What's up Morgan? Yeah, let's do it. So Supreme Court Justice Kaji Brown Jackson. She says the high court needs to be prepared to respond to this year's presidential election. Duh. She told Yeah, you love that one.


Charlemagne. Right? She told CBS news. There's a legal, the there are legal issues that arise out of pol out of the political process that could end up before the Supreme Court. Jackson's interview comes about, comes as she's about to release her memoir. Lovely one. Jackson also addressed her strong dissent from the court's ruling that former presidents have broad immunity. So yeah, we might see a little fight amongst the Scotus. And I. I, listen, I I've been saying my biggest concern is that all over the country come November, Republicans will refuse to certify the results of the election and the Supreme Court, which is no longer a legitimate institution, will be right there with him every step of the way. We all know Trump is gonna challenge the election results and You know the Supreme Court overturning the results of the election is a high possibility just because that's Trump's court.


Okay. It is really just that simple. So that's the one thing I believe everybody should be raising hell about. Like You know they keep using all of this, this little cute language like be prepared to respond or You know. We know they're going to challenge You know they're going to attempt to steal. Okay, Stop the steal, stop the steal. Use it anyways. But yeah, it sounds like she's heard you your your calls have been heard and you maybe at least have one person on the bench that can, can hear you. She's out of Florida. So speaking of Florida, Democrats in Florida seem to think that the state is up for grabs. State democratic party chair Nikki Free believes Trump running ads in the state is very telling and Florida for Harris Wall State director Jasmine Bernie Clark claims Democrats are energized.


Let's hear more comments from them. Donald Trump is in trouble in Florida and the Trump campaign is realizing that they can't win the presidency without the Sunshine State. Since their last poll, Trump has gained zero ground with Florida voters. Trump's fatigue is real. It's setting in across the state and the nation. His tired, divisive politics just don't cut it anymore. It's clear that while Donald Trump takes Florida for granted, we are just getting started. So we're reaching out to every voter ensuring Floridians know VP Harris is fighting for reproductive freedom, lowering healthcare costs, affordable housing, and safer communities. Yeah. So currently in the state of Florida, Trump, the Trump Vance ticket continues to lead Harrison Walls by four percentage points according to the public policy polling survey.


And Trump also has begun to run campaign ads across the state. As previously mentioned, Democrats say to Trump, takes Florida for granted in their party. And again, Trump won Florida in 2016 and 2020. Yeah. The last time Democrats were in Florida was oh eight and oh 12 with Obama. Listen man, we all know the craziest people in America come from the Bronx and all of Florida. Whenever I'm in Florida, especially certain parts of Florida, last time I was in Florida, I think I was in Tampa. It looked like MAGA country to me. It does. Oh man. I mean maybe out there with the MAGA paraphernalia, the hats, the shorts, I mean full outfits like I didn't know MAGA had full sets. I be seen a lot in Jersey though too. I be seen a lot in Jersey though too. Part Jersey? Not like Florida. No, not like Florida. I don't Need to go there. Park. No. I be seeing a lot in Jersey.


A lot of flags. A lot. I be seeing a lot of Jersey and Pennsylvania heavy too. Yeah, I saw though in the beginning of everything with Kamala, the Villages, they came out for her. What's The villages? It's the Villages. Florida. It's like a big retirement area where like a lot of people moved to to retire. It's like a huge community of people. And they had like golf carts. Everybody had their Kamala stuff out like when she first announced the president Team. Yeah, I, yeah. I'm not saying it can't be done but boy I ain't, I don't see it now. Florida, we watching you. Well just some more news. You could use local news for New York with the start of school around the corner. US Senator Kirsten Gillibrand is calling for free meals for all school children in New York speaking at a Manhattan High School. The Democrat said that they have seen the important differences this has made for students in New York City, which already offers universal school meals thanks to funding set aside in last year's spending plan.


Let's hear more from Gillibrand. Studies Show that when students have access to free school meals, they do better in school. They have better attendance rates, they have better health, they can have, they have fewer behavioral incidents and reduce suspensions. I think it put this issue front and center for all Americans to understand how important it is. And it's one that New York City has already been a leader on, which is really important because we wanna make sure we can export this to our entire state thanks to more than $130 million in funding included in the last year's spending plan. And here in New York City schools like this one have beginning been giving students free meals since 2017. Drop on a clue bombs for those brothers and sisters.


How hard it's to think straight when you hungry. Yeah. You know when you starving. Do You know how hard it is to do anything other than think about wanting to eat? You know a lot of us grew up on free breakfast. We grew up on free lunch, especially in the summer. So I think that is something that everybody should be like that should be a no-brainer. And not only that, that's one responsibility parents don't have to worry about in the morning if they can't afford food, if they can't afford to pay for lunch, can't afford to pay for dinner. That's something that they know is taken care of by the schools. And I love that. Or if they'll have that Time. Yeah. And this bill would expand to the rest of the state providing students with that breakfast, lunch, dinner and a snack free of charge regardless of income. So they could be coming, the kids could be coming home and feeding y'all. So that's a Yeah, absolutely.


That's that is a good thing. And in unfortunate news, out of Atlanta, two people are dead and one is seriously injured. After a plane tire exploded at Delta maintenance facility near Hartsfield Jackson, Atlanta International Airport. Very busy airport. The incident reportedly happened as the Plane's tire was being removed, a Delta employee and a contractor were killed. And a second airline or worker, excuse me, was hurt. Delta is working with local authorities to investigate what happened. Flight Aware shows the Boeing 7 57 200 plane arrived at the airport from Las Vegas just before 9:00 PM Local time. That's crazy. So It's very Absolutely Lord that mercy and Continue you to pray for those impacted by that.


And we will keep you up. I'll keep you posted and updated on how that story develops. That's your front page news. I'm Morgan Wood, follow me on socials at Morgan Media. And for more news coverage, be sure you're following the Black Information Network and BIN news.com. Alright, now when we come back, Tamika Mallory and Angelo Pinto will be joining us. Got a lot to discuss from DMC to voting to her new project. So don't go anywhere. Tamika Mallory. Angelo Pinto, it's The. Breakfast. Club. Good morning The. Breakfast Club. Morning everybody. It's Djj envy. Jess hilarious Charlamagne guy. We are The Breakfast Club. Lauren Lar Rosas filling in for Jess and we got some special guests joining us this morning.


We have Tamika d Mallory, welcome back. What's good family And Angelo Pinto. Welcome. Thank you for having us Now. How you guys feeling? How y'all feeling? Good You know, ready for the fight every day We're feeling good. I mean we're in a poor political moment trying to keep our eyes focused on election and just You know, be present for our folks. I, I saw you at the DNC last week Tamika as an activist. What did you see at the DNC that you liked? What did you see that you didn't like? I mean, You know. I thought the DNC was important. I've been doing this for a long time as You know. So I have been to a number of conventions, And I get the importance of bringing the base together. And that was certainly the case. I think Chicago also did a really good job of moving people around by the way.


And so I thought that was good. It was an opportunity to see a lot of political operatives and have an opportunity to talk to them directly about issues. And You know people walking the halls. They didn't have a million security folks around them stopping them from talking to the people. So I thought that was good. You know, obviously Michelle Obama was the hi. The highlight killed it. She was great. I think they gave her enough time and space it seemed, because it's no way that she articulated her speech the way that she did without it being her. Like it had to be her word. She had to be involved in nobody wrote that and gave it to her. Yeah. And so she really did her thing. I thought that You know the president, the former president Barack Obama should have had her speak after him.


He should open for her. I agree. She was a closer that Absolutely sure You know. She was incredible. I mean he's, I went back And I listened to his speech as well because I think being in the space with all the people screaming and everything that was happening from Michelle's speech that I didn't hear him well enough. So I went back to really listen to what he said and they was both out there like they was, they were firing. But of course what I didn't like is I don't, I don't feel like enough folks were talking about police accountability. I thought Sonya Massey's name should have come up many times because You know this is a sister that just recently You know was, was shot by that officer in her face. And so I thought that someone should have pe more people should have been talking about that.


You know, I, I noticed that they brought out the officer with the weapon on the stage. There was a lot of like military kind of You know, even the vice president saying that we are gonna make sure we have like a lethal military. Yeah. That type of language is triggering particularly to You know our communities because we are already dealing with militarized policing and, and we are looking to fi find ways to reduce it versus You know more. But I do also understand that she has to be very clear that she's able to run the most powerful nation as they say in The World. So Because The World is volatile right now, so she gotta put all the other countries on alert, the Russias, the Chinas, the North Koreas and We about the business.


So it's bigger You know it's, it's a macro and a micro, but I still think that a part of the micro that we as black people are living under this military or militarized government, I think that You know if, if, if we could fix that, we might be able to deal with some of the external stuff that's happening around us. So it's a big political discussion that You know, hopefully we will continue to have, well we will 'cause You know we gonna push the issues. But let me ask now. So You know, this conversation has been a conversation we've been having for a while now and it's, it's recently reignited the last couple of days. Especially applies that people feel like they shouldn't question the vice president. Right. What are your thoughts on that? You know, I think we all feel, appear that you question any politician.


It doesn't matter if they black, white, green or yellow If you have a problem or you wanna know about your interests. It's no problem with questioning them. Well First of all, shout out to my brotherly. I love him and like this brother over here. I debate with both of them back and forth as you should on issues all the time. That's what we do. Correct. Charlemagne's the only boss I ever had that I could go, I'm not your boss. I could debate with all the time right about, I just hit him up You know I don't agree. You know. I think I see both points. On one hand what I believe, and I'm, I'm not gonna speak for PLAs, but I do see him online and some of the, the traction and traffic that he gets and what I think he is leaning into is the idea that people are questioning her for the wrong reasons.


It's the intention behind the way in which they're pressing the vice president. And they did the same thing to Barack Obama and then trying to You know, of course they're not black enough, they're You know, they, they're not qualified and all of that. So I I I think that that's part of the statement that he made. But at the same time, I come from the idea that we can never ever stop putting pressure on elected officials. We have to be questioning them at all points. But we also have to be very genuine about what we are questioning, why we are questioning it. And is it leading to an end or are we just doing it to find ways to discredit someone who's in a position of leadership?


So I see both sides of it. And, I think either way you go and And I understand the point is that at this moment she is talking about policy. But I've heard her talk about a number of issues that these things are priorities of hers. You know, Rebuilding the middle class Absolutely the opportunity for everybody to own a home, own a business, Talking about economic issues, talking about women's right to choose. That's right. Talking about things happening overseas, talking about Israel Palestine. I mean we, we hear those things coming from her. Now over time she's gonna have to break it down. Right? And there's gonna be interviews and debates and all of that. But I also went back and listened to other speeches 'cause I was like, let me see if I'm missing that.


These other presidential candidates have just been talking about all this policy stuff on the acceptance night of the nomination and it hasn't been there. That's not what they do. I think the other piece too that applies in is Angelo Pinto, by the way Yes. Or talking about is this idea that if you're gonna question her question everybody Yeah. Keep the same energy. Exactly. Who do y'all Feel? I was say y'all feel Trump's getting the same kind of energy. I don't know about Trump, especially from Blackfoot. Hey, hey. Gather round. I got the lowdown on the hottest show in town based on some sh that really happened. It's called Fight Night, the Million Dollar Heist Baby. It's about a job hustler who tangles with some stone Cold Brothers and pays the price you dig.


Starring Kevin Hart, Taraji p Henson, Terrence Howard with Don Cheadle and Samuel L. Jackson. Catch Fight Night. The million dollar heist streaming September 5th on Peacock. Right on now back to the funk. Hibernation season is over and it's time to get some sun outside. Gather your crew and hit the road in the spacious 2024 Nissan Pathfinder your gateway to larger than life adventures with spacious seating for eight and available panoramic moonroof. Everyone can enjoy the journey and soak in the scenery of the great Outdoors. Plus with an available towing capacity of up to 6,000 pounds. An available intelligent four-wheel drive feature with seven drive modes.


You can take your favorite toys while adventuring on new terrains. Seize the thrill and start exploring with a 2024 Nissan Pathfinder today. Head over to Nissan usa. Do com to learn more intelligent All-Wheel drive cannot prevent collisions or provide enhanced traction in all conditions. Always monitor traffic and weather conditions. Towing capacity varies by configuration. See Nissan Towing Guide and Owner's manual for additional information. Always secure cargo. But here's the thing, most black people I know aren't supporting Trump. Mm. We're supporting the Democrats, right. So we pressure Sure. The party that we support the most, right? Sure. And that's been going on since 2016 as far as as, at least I see, right? That we've made these people step up and have to come with black agendas, which they never had before because we started asking questions and pressuring them.


I think it's a two way street. I think because it's a black presidential candidate, she's gonna have a particular kind of scrutiny that they should have. But I think there's scrutiny that comes to her just because she's a black woman. Yeah. That I think in many ways is misplaced. And, I. Think what some folks are saying. Be honorable in your questioning. Right? And don't let your questioning come from a place of gender or race-based bias. Because white candidates, even though they may be questioned, they're not gonna get that. Mm. And I think that's what some folks are saying. And I think that's why Michelle Obama was important. She's saying her and her husband have been here before. They've seen not just the political components of what's gonna happen, but they've seen some of the hate components that she's gonna have to endure that make her political trajectory harder and more difficult.


But also the American public's perspective is going to be skewed because of race. This isn't simply looking at a political candidate and saying, what are their policies? We're saying this is a black woman, a woman, okay. And what does that mean for us? And should we trust a black woman? Can a black woman lead And, I think that's some of the questioning that we're seeing that we're saying we don't know. If. you should ask those questions. But You know What point. You know what with Joe Biden, we asked questions that people were upset that we asked. Oh, they Hated that too. We asked him, I get it saying when asked about early signs of dementia, well, you shouldn't be asking that. But I'm like, it shows that he's, he doesn't look as as well as you did three years ago. And people are mad about that. How you ask the questions too. Because I think sometimes in's an, It's the intention behind it.


And you can tell. I mean, come on. Like we listen to people and we know that part of the questioning is really for them to say, we don't like you Kamala Harris. Period. So no, nothing that you do right. Will we ever be okay with because we don't like you. They are people, both black, white, all kinds of folks who don't want women to be in positions of power. They don't want a woman president, a female president. And that's it. So I, again, again, I get the balance of both. But I also understand that we have to always, always question and demand. Okay? And it's the way that it's done in an organized fashion is what makes it real. I, we have more with Tamika Mallory and Angelo Pinto when we come back is The Breakfast.


Club. Good morning. Morning everybody. It's DJ Envy. Jess. Hilarious Charlamagne, the guy. We are The Breakfast Club. Lauren la is filling in for Jess and we're still kicking it with Tamika Mallory and Angelo Pinto Charlamagne. I always feel like they end up pointing the finger at black men, right? Because that, that was the other thing I had, the problem I had with applied David, but he said black men, he started with black men who look like me, are quick to ask if Kamala wants my vote, she needs to explain to her, explain herself to me what she's going to do for black people. Number one, I, I don't understand why black men are always getting the finger pointed outta this one. We're the second largest voting block. Say that voting of Democrats. Yep. Like I don't understand why what all of a sudden it's black men are the problem. Well, I would hope that PLAs would come up here and y'all would have this conversation directly.


Because You know I, I'm sure, again, I've been on his page a lot. And. I, see the feedback. And my son is kind of in the same boat. If you will, because he's been communicating a lot with black men and there's a different energy around Kamala Harris that they both are experiencing, right? Like just dealing with you don't go on the internet arguing with Johnny and and Tutu all day's, not your thing. Well, some of them are actually not bots because I've been, I've seen several of my son's friends questioning, why are you supporting her? Blah, blah, blah. So it there is, there is, and I'm not saying that the issue is what the media and others are trying to put forward, that black men are just this overwhelming number of black men won't support her or are with Trump.


Right? I don't believe that that's true. But the numbers are increasing. There are numbers are increasing and there are, that's what they say. And there are reason, well, I mean, I can tell because in my own family, I know what, I know the difference between the way black women and black men. Men in my family are speaking. I can see my cousins starting to be like, well, You know Trump, And I have more money in my pocket. And You know it's a, it is a different feeling. So I can see it on a real level, right? And, I wanna see my brothers be more organized the way that black women have organized ourselves. Nonetheless, when I go and read the platform of all these different candidates, you see a void in how they speak to and address the needs of black men.


Well you said you guys were having conversations with men. Like I feel like people are not listening to Kamala. Like the people that I talk to, they say they're voting for Trump. The stuff that they're saying. I'm like, she literally, she's speaking to that. So why don't you see it or hear it from her? What can she do better strategy wise or marketing wise to kind of make black men be like, hold on, Democrats do a terrible job at marketing themselves. Absolutely. I mean it's really bad. Like You know. It is just You know. They have to do a better job of putting out there the things that they've been able to do. I was just looking You know before coming here at the Safest Community Act, right? This is billions of dollars that they have allocated to grassroots organizations and others that are in the gun violence prevention space and in the community safety space, right?


You would never know that. You would never know that it happened because they do a terrible job. But also they just do at messaging. That's, and by the way, let me just be honest, I do a terrible job at it as well. We do a lot of work and we hardly tell people about all the things that we are involved in. People say to me all the time, like why? Because sometimes when your head is down and you're doing the work, you forget about the marketing component. And a lot of us don't even want the clickbait of it all. Like nobody wants to sit there. And, I. Sometimes I get so frustrated because I'm like, damn, I left my comment section open and it's going, wow, it's 2000 comments in there. And the Trump trolls and or Trump people supporters, they're in my comments.


Whatever their talking points, they they in on it. That's right. But looking for our, for the people who are supposed to be on the more liberal progressive side to come in there is very difficult. Like it's always in balance. So we have to find a better way to get the information out about what is happening. But I would say that trust and believe, as I left the house this morning, they were on CNN talking about the vice president sitting down for interviews. This is something that she's going to have to do, which I'm sure they're working on. And she's gonna have to break down 'cause they are gonna question her like they have never That's right. Questioned a presidential candidate before in life and she's gonna have to answer the question. But I people also wanna see, there's another piece and we see this all the time.


When you do policy, there's an implementation piece, right? So people like to hear you care about an issue, but how are you gonna make an issue absolutely happen because we care about many things. But what are you gonna make actually happen? And how are you gonna do so as part of what's behind action point? I don't know, If, you support it because it's like saying in your household, I support my children eating, right? But you buy junk food, it is like your actions have to show how you actually support it. And a lot of people's questioning is coming from a place that says, you're saying this, but you're doing that, right? You're not prioritizing the things you say you support. So that's another, I think, level of political accountability. And people may not be asking the right question, but they're really saying, so you say you support reparations.


Tell me how and now show me how and a timeline in which you're gonna implement it. And I think that's what, and folks wanna say Yes. Say That. Now. What's our project freedom? So I'm gonna read a few of the things on Project Freedom and one of the things I'll say before I even do that is Project Freedom on some level was a response to Project 2025. Ooh. So folks started to hear a lot about this plan to rollback rights to attack particular groups. And part of what we said is that we wanted to respond to that because we're knowing we're in important political moment. But also Project Freedom is a political platform or policy that we said we would like to see whoever comes into office adopt because there are certain things that we know are important that should happen.


Some of those things are and end to gun violence, end to mass incarceration, end of police brutality, strengthening and past the George Floyd Justice and Policing Act providing a pathway to citizenship, ending the war in Palestine and Sudan, protecting black history, provide a reparations for slavery, all for free college and trade school, cancel student debt, passed the John Lewis Voter Rights Act, launch automatic voter registration, restore individuals voting rights, reform the Supreme Court, expand child tax credits and provide guaranteeing annual income. So it's a lot of things in there, but part of what we're trying to convey to folks is that it isn't enough to just have one policy, but you must really have a political platform that someone can adopt that creates wide and sweeping changes.


The other pieces that we know, a lot of these issues are connected and how you spend your money in one place will tell us how you can spend or can't spend money in other places. So we're trying to provide a comprehensive platform that one creates political education but also a standard that we can hold folks who come into all, alright, We have more with Angelo Pinto and Tamika Mallory, when we come back, it's The, Breakfast, Club. Good morning. Morning everybody is D EJ Envy, Jess, Larry Charlamagne Ne Guy. We are The, Breakfast Club. Laura LaRosa filling in for Jess and we still kicking it with Tamika Mallory and Angelo Pinto Charlamagne. Yeah, I was talking to my guy Gary Chambers Jr. Yesterday and he was saying, You know one of the mistakes that folks make is they'll, they'll ask questions like, what have you done over the last three and a half years or four years?


He said, instead of asking those questions, you should be just going to them saying, Hey, this is what we, you should be doing. That's right. Here's the agenda that we want you to. That's right. Implement. Absolutely. Yeah. And Project Freedom is important to us because we know as we travel this country, we are gonna be out there knocking on doors. We knock on doors all year round. So this is not like a, that's what we do. A thing that happens when it's a presidential election or some political person that we wanna get in or, or take out. We do it. We do it all the time. We, we are always engaging our people. And when we're knocking on doors, people don't want, they hear you. They know Project 2025 is bad. They understand it. They've seen on the news, they grandmamas talking about it. People, what do they call it? It's called, it's You know black folks gonna shorten something. Project 25, we, we don't say 20 project 20, 20 25, that project 25.


And so people know that. But they are gonna ask you and they should, what do we have? You are in the room with these people. That's Tamika Mallory, Angelo Pinto, my son Linda. Y'all are talking to these people. What are you offering? What are you demanding? What are you asking for? And we wanted to make sure along with our partners, I have to mention Michael Blake, Reverend Steven Green, pastor Mike, pastor Michael McBride, Deanna Thompson, of course You know our sister Linda Sarsour. This platform is something that all of us have worked on because we've been doing this work and we know the legislative items that are already out there that could help to alleviate some of the suffering that our communities are talking about.


We know how they can be strengthened. We understand that passing the George Floyd Justice and Police and act as it currently stands will not work because one, it has been watered down so much in order to appease the Republicans who never signed it anyway. Right? So I have no idea. Cory Booker, Senator Cory Booker was working with Senator Tim Scott. And every day we were all advocating for what we wanted to be in the bill. And they kept saying that Tim Scott had this idea, or he You know he's trying to make the bill this way or that way in order to appease the Republican leadership. And I kept saying, Tim Scott cannot get anything done if white people don't tell him what to do.


So let's stop. Like it's a game that's being played. And of course the bill fell through and it has sort of been dead since You know, You know since we were out there in 2021. Now President Biden did sign an executive order, but what we know about executive orders, they only last to the extent that the next administration wants to keep that legislation and it only focused on federal legislation. We need to get things happening in these states and we have to be able to hold these, these police departments accountable. Let me just say this last thing. Last week people were heartbroken to see that there has been yet another setback in the case of the killing of Breonna Taylor.


And so there was two charges, two federal charges that the judge dismissed. And of course they continuously blame Kenny Walker boyfriend, which is disrespectful and disingenuous because nobody in that building heard the police officers announce themselves and to say who they were at the door. And, I don't know where these other people live, but I know in black people's homes If, you knock on the door and don't say who you are. When we say who it is, we're not opening the door for you. In fact, we, we finna get quiet, move around, try to make sure we are out the way of the door. That's what we do. That's what they did. Yeah. But also in the state of Kentucky, these people pass laws and then they get mad at you.


That's right. You for following it. You are allowed to fire a warning shot inside of your home. If you feel in danger. That is what Kenny Walker did. He did nothing wrong. So we saw the setback where this 80-year-old conservative judge dismissed these two charges, which are again the the federal charges, which would've been felonies, right? There's still charges that those officers are facing. But it took him two years and for whatever reason they decide to announce this the day after the DNCI. Maybe I'm, it's conspiracy, I don't know. But it's just very interesting. It took him two years. Just joking. I've been sitting here waiting to ask you about Breonna Taylor because for me, like I've been study, I've been, I've been reported on this case since it first started having a conversation.


Yeah. And people have continuously said, if there were a video, things would be different. Now we're here right where the charges are being dropped and like there'll probably have to be an appeal, which is gonna stress things out, which is like heartbreaking for the family. I feel like it's a public trust thing now. Like do you feel like this is gonna shake public trust even when it comes to like Kamala? Because people are gonna be looking at her like, I mean you are a black woman now. Like we don't, we don't have the luxury to say, well Biden, he's there. But he kind of, he does what he can do, but he doesn't get it. Well it, I mean that's very interesting by the way. It is And I think that was one of the things that was missing from her speech. Again, I feel like she should have named Breonna Taylor. Sonya Massey You know on other issues, she was very, very strong.


And I would like to see the same energy around police accountability and And I. I know there are some of my people, especially my eldest who will be like, well You know that may not have been the time or place. And we debate that. Always say not we don't have time, it's the time or place and we have to wait until, and it's gonna happen later. They Said that in 2020 had her debate. 'cause I was listening to a old podcast, me, Bakari and Ebony k Williams did. And that's one of the things that Ebony brought up. She wish she had spoken to Breonna Taylor more absolute, because I guess it came up during the Mike Pence debate. I forgot what the context was. Absolutely. So I think that that should have happened. But I just wanna say to drill down this point, it's not that I'm not thinking objectively about what Trump can do or that I'm listening to some You know misinformation on the internet.


I'm telling you about what was happening when he was president. Mm. So What do y'all think the Democrats need to do to win this election in November? Oh, they gotta, let me tell you, do not translate excitement at a convention or even excitement. That's about You know her ascension to the top of the ticket to votes. You got to knock on doors. That's right. You have to go out and That's right. Educate people. And you have to make sure that there is resources on the ground. Come on now. Right. And we are not talking about on the ground. Like there's some people that claim they on the ground. No, like tangible. But we talking about under the, the root. They say there's the grassroot and then there's under the root. There's, There's the people. Right? Those people have to have the resources that they need to be able to knock on doors.


You need credible messengers. Yeah. This whole process of we gotta vet everything and everybody and You know If you had this issue or that we gotta stay away from you and we have to do that. I, I You know one day I'll tell my story about what happened to me during the Stacey Abrams campaign. In fact, it's in my book. The new book. In the new book. The New book. How about that? What's the date of the new book? Might as plug it right now. New book comes Out when it's called. I Live to Tell This Story and it's gonna be released in the winter. By the way, Stacey Abras had nothing to do with this. But I talk about me being held or or told not to come to Georgia at all. Don't even step foot in hate this state. I hate that. I can't stand that during the time, in the last few days of her election and the folks saying it to me, they really did have good intention You.


know what I mean? So I'll tell You'all Can Pre-order now or not yet? Not yet. Okay. Well how can people follow you and support you if need Be If. you wanna follow me? And, and by the way, let me go back and say my book's name is, I live to tell this story. The cover is amazing. It's about to drop. I'm really excited about it. This book is not a political book. It is. I mean there is some political commentary. It's memoir in there. But this book is my memoir. It's about my life. And that's why I say I live to tell this story. And I hope that people will pick it up so that you can learn more about me outside of what you read online or even when you see me in the street. There's, there's a lot of stuff about imposter syndrome and other things that I have been through in my life that have helped me come to this point.


So make sure you guys stay with the journey for the new book You can go to at Tamika d Mallory on Instagram. Follow us until freedom. We are on until freedom.com. We're at until Freedom. And unfortunately, I'm one of those people that gets in the comments, the cuss your ass back out. So Some of 'em might talk about your mama If. you talk about us. I said it the other day. The man said you a airhead. I said, me and your mama. We two of Us. Jesus. Together as one. Alright, well it's Tamika d Mallory. Angelo Pinto. It's The. Breakfast. Club. Good morning. Music is real. Jessica Robin Moore. Just don't do no lying. Don't do lie. She Don't spare nobody Worldwide.


Jess worldwide mess on The. Breakfast Club. She's a coach. Lauren. Lauren LaRosa. I'm back. And. I got the mess. Talk talk to me. All right y'all. We have some new couples happening. So Cynthia Bailey, you Ain't one of them. I'm sorry. Damn. I ain't say that out loud. Ouch. You know what when I ouch when I start celebrating all of my wedding and my happiness, I'm keeping you away. Okay. You're so angry. I Didn't even say that out loud. I'm sorry. It it. Don't worry about it. 'cause I got something for you at the end of this. So Cynthia and Bailey, she sat down, she was doing an interview and she talked about the fact that she is now, she has a new boost. She's in a, a relationship of sorts.


And this is the first time she's publicly talked about being in a relationship since her leaving. Mike, Mike Hill. You can play it. I have met someone, I met someone who lives in Amsterdam, but he comes to visit me a lot and it's been hot. Four consistent months. That's hot. And I really like him. How often has does he fly here? He's been here like three times in four months. Wow. Like after talking on the phone, he came to see me in like two weeks. But you're not exclusive, right? You're still keeping things open. Well, we are official and we are exclusive, but like You know, I'm normally like on Instagram going, yay. Here's what guy. And I have hashtags, And I just do the most when I'm in love because I'm a lover.


Love. But you're not gonna do that this time. I'm not doing any of that. Like secret squirrel. We have been creeping to all creeping all over the place. No one has caught us yet. Were you guys tuned in to Real Housewives with her and Mike k together? No. Nope. Okay. Well lemme tell you. Sounds like she's might be getting herself back into the kind of a similar situation. 'cause that was also a long distance relationship. But That's long, long, long distance though. Across, across the pond.


Hey, hey. Gather round. I got the lowdown on the hottest show in town based on some shh that really happened. It's called Fight Night. The Million Dollar Hikes baby. It's about a job hustler who tangles with some stone Cold Brothers and pays the price you dig. Starring Kevin Hart, Taraji p Henson, Terrance Howard with Don Cheadle and Samuel L. Jackson. Catch Fight Night. The million dollar Heist streaming September 5th on Peacock. Right on. Now back to the funk.


Hibernation season is over and it's time to get some sun outside. Gather your crew and hit the road in the spacious 2024 Nissan Pathfinder your gateway to larger than life adventures with spacious seating for eight and available panoramic moon roof. Everyone can enjoy the journey and soak in the scenery of the great Outdoors. Plus with an available towing capacity of up to 6,000 pounds in an available intelligent four-wheel drive feature with seven drive modes. You can take your favorite toys while venturing on new terrains. Seize the thrill and start exploring with the 2024 Nissan Pathfinder today. Head over to Nissan usa.com to learn more intelligent All-Wheel Drive cannot prevent collisions or provide enhanced traction in all conditions. Always monitor traffic and weather conditions. Towing capacity varies by configuration. See Nissan Towing Guide and Owner's manual for additional information. Always secure Cargo.


Her and Mike Hill. Were just LA Georgia across the pond to Georgia or wherever she is now. That's a bit much. But I am wishing her the best because I think Cynthia Bailey deserves it. She is like a super lovey lovey girl. But also on the new couple radar, Meg Thee Stallion and Tori Craig who played for the Bull, who right now plays for the Bulls. And this is really big for Megan. She posted a TikTok video, but then it was later deleted. It's longer on her TikTok. And they were playing the couples game. And in the game it was like revealed that they are at the point where they're telling each other that they love each other. You know that game where you're like, who said I love you first? Who? This? Who that? Now I thought it would be cute 'cause I know we have a couple in the room. That baby gonna be six 11.


Yeah, because he's six five. Abso. Oh no. So yeah, he probably about six seven then about 6 6, 6 7. Yeah. Six seven. Okay. 'cause online says six five. Also his birthday is December 19th. He's a s So I know my girl's having a lot of fun over there. Happy for her. But I want, I wanna play the couples game. I want y'all to play the couples game. I don't play couples games with people who are not a couple. Okay, we're gonna do it anyway. So this is how the game goes. I don't play couples games with single people. You love putting your big nose and everybody else's couple of business. So we gonna do this game. We gay. Who Cares? Look at your art. I mean, listen, you going off with audios today? You had that ready? So the way that this game goes is they're gonna ask you some questions. Who's gonna ask questions?


There's gonna be an audio that you're gonna hear. Okay? And when the audio comes on, it's gonna ask you guys some questions. The couple in the room you guys have to point. I don't Play couples games with single people. You guys, you play a lot of games about it. I'm not doing this with you. You play. I'm not in the game. It's y'all two. Y'all in a couple. I have nothing to do with this. Okay? Yeah. You all in somebody else's business worry about your own. Hmm. So the audio's gonna drop. You guys have to point to each other to answer the question of who does what. Okay. Okay. Ready? Go. Go ahead. Most likely challenge Couples Edition. Who's most likely to get Arrested? Point? Who's the better kisser? Who said I love you first? Who said I love You first?


It's coming Too fast. Who starts the most arguments? Who needs the most attention? Who's the better cook? Who's the most spoiled? Who's the funniest? Wait, can we pause? Who has the better Go too fast? This It's going too fast. I liked it. We got You liked it, didn't You? Nah, but we got an answer. They can't see. They can't can't see the fingers. I'm so, I love how you are so invested in your relationship. They need to see you. I I know that's right. Okay. Can we slow it down a little bit so he can profess this down? I didn't Like that first question. That first question was crazy. And he pointed right at me. And then you pointed at yourself. No you didn't. No. He got It. I ain't even think about that one. Me. My bad. My bad, bro. All right, we gonna, we gonna try this one more time.


Now, this time around, I need you to actually look up and look at your partner in the eye. Charmagne. I don't have a partner in this room. I have professional partners, my partner's at home. We don't get into your professional business. We can't slow it. This is crazy. We can't slow it. But I mean, at least you participate in At least I got somebody to play with home Man at work. You set yourself over. Didn't even think about it. I didn't. I literally didn't even think about it. It's fine. Oh my goodness. Don't even worry about it. 'cause I promise you, when I get my person, he ain't coming nowhere near this room. Miss Charlemagne at all. Charlamagne say you never gonna get a person. So he's never coming here. Never gonna get it. Never gonna get it. Never gonna get it.


Never gonna get, never gonna get, never gonna get it. Never gonna get it. Whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa. That's right. Yo, I'm loving HR at the same time. All right. Alicia Keys, speaking of couples, Alicia Keys has some comments about DJs, which is crazy 'cause her man is a dj, but she has some comments. Start Off as a dj. Yep. She has some comments. And I. I, I I just, I thought it was interesting. Let's take a listen What The, the DJs actually do. Like, I don't think they're remixing the song on the spot. I'm pretty sure they've like programmed it ahead of time. So what are they actually doing? Are they just turning up the volume? Turning down the volume? Are they pressing? Like, and then that them just dancing and like, what the fuck do DJs actually do?


DJ Envy. Yes Ma'am. Enter, what do DJs do? I mean, a DJ broke her record. Her first record that came out. The what, what, what? With the, the old DB sample DJs broke that record. Do you remix on the spot? I'm not a remixer, I'm not a producer. I'm a dj. I play records. The soundtrack of the streets that make people want to dance to move their bodies to groove. I Play. I feel like I need more context. I feel like Alicia, key Context. I feel like that that's something that came out of a, a TikTok challenge. That she was joking because I, I think Alicia Keys would know the importance of a dj. She is from New York. Her man started off as a dj. So I feel like it To parties. You go to a party if DJ's playing the music. That's what I'm saying. I need to go contact that don't sound like Alicia Keys. So I'm being right with that.


Something sounds a little It would have to be though, especially too with her being like a music artist, she would've to understand. But also too, you said you don't remix stuff on the spot. I thought that that's like just a part of a DJ thing. Like when they make the You know how the words be blending together and All that's a blend. That's that's music. Yeah. But not a remix. As in Oh, okay. That I'm not changing up the beats on at a party. I mean, DJs blend. DJs produced DJs. You know there's a bunch of different DJs to do different things. But That's the biggest thing I would say. DJs do DJs play music? Yeah. You. know what I'm saying? Especially at parties. You can't have a party without a dj. That's what I said. This has to come from someplace else. This was a, a TikTok challenge that she did. Something like, it doesn't sound right, especially with Swizz, her husband being starting off as a DJ and still DJing.


I need more context. We'll Get more. In the meantime, I can't believe how y'all just acted in that challenge. Y'all really love each other? Mm. You jealous. Want? You just want me to remind you that you single yet again? There No reason. You don't gotta remind me. Not have to go Back to that. Listen, The more you do that, I'm not even gonna put myself on the spot like that. My your mama said she want more grandkids. She relying on you. She was up here early this week. Okay. Relying On why she relying on Me. Mama Lois said she want more grandkids. Okay. I'm like calling in the seventh man. Like I barely made it off the bench though for lie off me. All right y'all. We going. They rapping it up When reality Just Wrap It up. Did you Wait If? you think you Honestly, I wanna look back to yesterday.


Where? Where he ain't know how play nothing. Now he gonna play that. Lord have mercy. It's fine. Lord Mercy. All well fine. Well thank you for adjust with the mess with Laura and the roll. So, all right. Charlamagne, who you giving That donkey to Listen? Four after the hour man, we need a woman named Samantha McPherson. McPherson of Arkansas to come to the front of the congregation. What is happening to her is absolutely one of my worst nightmares. But it is a teachable moment. We'll discuss. Alright, We'll get to that. Next is The. Breakfast. Club. Good morning The. Breakfast. Club. Your mornings will never be the same. Better be a as Charlamagne some donkey days. Just so Themselves been watching Charlamagne was ready for you. Rekindle the trauma. What is it? Say it against.


Charlamagne. I'm a donkey. You're a donkey. Everything. And Charlamagne is saying is true. Yes. Donkey. Today for Wednesday, August 28th goes to 58-year-old Samantha McPherson of Arkansas. Samantha, Samantha. Samantha. You are two grown to be making rookie mistakes. Okay, now Samantha is a connoisseur of edibles. Okay? Edibles are all the rage now. All right. Marijuana is legal in 38 states for medical reasons in about 24 states. For recreational purposes, I am an edible user. Okay? Only on weekends when I wanna relax. Started during it, during the pandemic when my anxiety was through the roof. Okay? I was having trouble sleeping. Had a friend of mine who was in the cannabis business and he also deals with anxiety.


And he put me onto some good old indigo. Okay? Once I learned my dosage, which is about five to 10 milligrams, I was good. I don't do it every day. I only do it on weekends. And I, enjoy it. Okay? Tyson bites, punch bar, chocolates and wild edibles are my favorites. If, you must know I'm saying all that for you to understand what happened to Samantha is one of my worst nightmares. But it's a teachable moment for us all. See, Samantha is an owner of a in home daycare. Okay? You already know where this is going. And she's been charged after two kids, a 2-year-old and a 15 month old, allegedly eight marijuana gummies while in her care. Yes. According to Ky, three investigators said on April 3rd, the parents of a 2-year-old picked her up from daycare and noticed she was not acting like herself.


They took her to the hospital and lab test results. Came back to show the young lady had marijuana in her system. On April 5th, authorities got another call about a second daycare victim. These parents told police that when they picked up their 15 month old boy from the daycare, he was acting unusual. Okay? They took the child to a pediatrician who did a blood test. The result came back positive for marijuana as well. Authorities interviewed McPherson and she said she takes THC gummies and stores them in the kitchen area. Deputy said that's the same area with the kids. Eat and play. Okay? McPherson told investigators there are around eight kids at the daycare. And the 58-year-old woman also told investigators she buys the gummies in Missouri and brings them back to Arkansas.


This is why parents have to have a mini fridge in their rooms with a lock on it. Okay? Or If, you have a fridge outside in the garage like I do. Put 'em in there. These edibles look like candy. They taste like candy. They're gummies, their chocolates. Kids will be attracted to that. Like a rapper under 25 is attracted to Fentanyl. And when I tell you as a parent, these are things I think about because I got small kids in the house. There is no reason that you, Samantha shouldn't be thinking about these things too, okay? Especially when you have a in-home daycare. Listen, adults, we grown. Okay? We can do what grown folks do. We know we grown and we can do all the grown things we want. But in the process of doing our grown activities like the edibles, we have to think about protecting our kids.


And furthermore, protecting our peace. Because when I'm high and my mind gets to wandering, I start thinking about my thing. I start thinking about things like You. know, You know. I'd start thinking about things my child would ask me normally, which can blow you high. But imagine if they accidentally got in your stash and got high, the questions they would ask. Now, where's my man? Big Mac Mack hit the wobble. Oh, You know wobble. Oh, I'm sorry not not wobble. Oh, he had w my songs earlier that y'all was traumatizing me. But you better had a Wob wobble. Baby wobble baby wobble. I'll sing it now. Mac, you pretend to be high title of one. I'll be high Title of two. Let's blow our parents high with questions. Go. Got It. Mommy, mommy. Oh, Gimme some music first us. Oh Yeah, yeah. Let's set that up.


Gimme some music. Turn that up a little bit here. Oh, that's rug Rats. Okay. I like that. I like that. I like that. Okay Mommy. Mommy is is blues clues really dry snitching. Ooh Daddy. Daddy can I watch Pepper Pig even though we Muslim Mama. Mama, can I get a GED from the schoolhouse rock? Ooh. Ooh Daddy. If Bluey is a girl, why does she look just like her daddy? Is she trans? What? Wait, bluey is a girl? Yes. Wait then why? Why she not pinky? Because daddy watches pinky videos all the time on the computer. Why does Dora always ask what something is when she gotta map that talks?


Mama is swiping no swiping a scammer. Daddy. Daddy. How does Punch Bob light a fire? Underwater is bikini body in another dimension? Mama. Mama. Hold on, hold on. Why baby shark got a mommy shark in a daddy shark But Jimmy got a daddy shark and a daddy shark. Yo, Yo daddy, daddy. When pepper snorts, is she laughing or just communicating And shouldn't Pepper's primary language be Pig La Mama. Mama you got these edibles from Grace's corner. Daddy, how does Doris hair stay perfect through all those adventures?


Mama, mama, daddy got locked up 'cause he's from Sesame Street. Daddy, daddy, have you ever noticed Pepper Pig's house is on the steepest hill ever? Like if they roll outta bed, don't they just keep rolling? Mama, mama. Daddy said Little Einstein gets a lot of head. What? Get a lot of what? He's smart because he get a lot of head. I Think I caught contact Daddy. Daddy. How come nobody ever questions the talking of animals maps and backpacks on door to explorer. Are they as high as we are right now? Yes they are my child. The moral of the story as adults when it comes to your edibles, keep them locked outta sight and outta reach from the kids.


Okay? Please give Samantha McPherson the sweet sounds and the Hamiltons. You are The, I haven't heard this one in years. You are The, I've heard this one in class years. Heehaw. It's Classic. That's the karma guides. I actually think about a lot of this stuff when I'm high. I had One more. Let me hear it. Mommy. Why daddy stare at your sister's K melon so much. Yo km melons. Daddy is pepper pig really?


The origin story of where bacon comes from. Huh? Daddy? How come boots wears boots Than nothing else? Nobody Says that. How does SpongeBob light a fire Underwater? Yo envy. Did we miss the hot box? I wish I took an ible because they laughing. And. I just, I just, maybe they took it up a this morning. Yo, I'm always high. So we missed it. Why do you think I got the muy so much? I didn't get this way by accident. Lord have mercy sativa. Mommy. Mommy. Why is Mac so fat? I dunno. I would've joined in, I don't know. I I should have took edible too.


We just sitting there 'cause we got a new board up and they don't know when to go to break yet. That's no stop time. Oh, okay. All right. All right. Well this is awkward, uncomfortable. Well guys, We don't have a topic. No, We do have a topic. What's topic, what Topic? The topic is, should your political choices divide your relationship? So y'all remember Like a, oh, we didn't have a meeting about the topics. No, We went back and forth and then they just said, sit in the audio, but I don't trust the audio. So I was like, I'm not going that way with No. I listened to the audio. I listened to the audio. So y'all remember like a few years ago, right, when it was like such a big thing, If, you were a Trump supporter or If, you were not a Trump supporter depending on what side you were on.


People were like, I can't rock with you. I can't date you. So does your political views matter in your relationship? Yeah. Like would you like Yeah, You have to be on the same, Like this is, You gotta Be aligned a bit. You Have to be aligned. It's a little bit more trickier now because people are really on both sides. Okay. Alright. So this comes out of Robert F. Kennedy Jr. He sat down for an interview and he talks about how his wife is receiving hate for the fact that he is now a part of Trump's like supporters, But is his wife or Kamala Junior don't know who he wanna Support. His his, his wife doesn't have, he, he doesn't state who she supports. He, he just says that she supports him. And it made me think like, I don't know if I could put up she getting death threats online. Okay, she getting, let's, I'm not going Through all that.


Let's, let's open up the phone lines. (800) 585-1051. Could you date somebody or marry somebody that their political views are not the same as yours? Maybe you are going for Kamala, they're going for Trump. Or maybe you're going for Trump. They're going for Kamala. Let's discuss 805 8 5 1 0 5 1 is The. Breakfast Club. Good morning. Pull out your, pull out your phone. Call in right now. You call me. Add your opinion to The Breakfast Club topic. Break it down. 805 8 5 1 0 5 1. The Breakfast Club, man. It's topic time. Call 805 8 5 1 0 5 1 to join into the discussion with The Breakfast Club.


Morning everybody. It's DJ Envy. Just hilarious. Charlamagne the guy. We are The Breakfast Club. Laura LaRosa is filling in for Jess. If he's just joining us, we're asking 805 8 5 1 0 5 1. We're asking if you're dating somebody or even marrying somebody. Does your political views have to match? All right. Would it be a problem if your spouse, your bought your man or your your girl is, is voting for Trump and you are on the Kamala side? Does that matter to you? Let's start with you Lauren. Does it matter to you? Yes, it matters. I don't necessarily care who people vote for because like you have your own reasonings. But I just think that it would cause like just the back and forth that it would cause if I had the choice, I, I wouldn't wanna go through that. And then also too, if I'm with you and we're like married and locked in or like planning to be, that goes into how we raise our kids too.


And like, 'cause for me in my house, like I know that we don't like being held to like what our parents did or whatever, but my mind for a very long time, like I learned a lot of things about politics and how I felt or how I didn't wanna feel from her. And, I grew up And, I made a lot of my own decisions, but my household had a lot to do with my interests. And I don't know. I just, I wouldn't want my kids to be like having to pick a side between mommy and daddy. I don't think it's picking a side. Me and my wife have the same political views, but I wouldn't have a problem if my wife leans towards something else other than something else that, that, that wouldn't define our relationship and our relationship. We don't agree on everything. So if she likes a particular candidate for a particular reason, I can't be mad at that. That's because that You know relates to her better than the other candidate does.


So to say that I'm not gonna marry, I'm not gonna date or we're not gonna continue on our relationship because her views on something else is different. Especially politically, I don't care. These political, these political people ain't riding for me. They're not dying for me. These are their views. And, and hopefully these views can help other people. But if there's something that they don't agree with, with Kam Law or something that they don't agree with, with Trump, I'm not ending my marriage or my relationship based off of that Shamon. I wouldn't have a problem normally with my partner if we weren't You know on the same page politically. Like I wouldn't care what political party they represent. You know personally, You know. I, I guess I'm, I'm, I'm, I think I feel like I'm more of a moderate. I don't know, but I think it matters more now because of what MAGA represents.


So there are certain things, right? Like if I'm a man and let's say I support Maga You know women's reproductive rights. You know they've abolished women's reproductive rights. You know the, just their views on women. When you think of the childish cat lady comments that a JD Vance made, I could see that being an issue. Like how could you be a man supporting that and you got a wife and you got daughters. Yeah, I think that would cause some pretty big arguments in the house, right? I think that would cause a house to really, really be divided. So to answer the question, I wouldn't have a problem with my partner being another political party normally. But I think it matters more now because of what MAGA Represents. But that's like saying with with Joe Biden and, and You know he was the one that helped write the 94 crime law bill.


People are are upset about that. You know and people look at that differently. But You know, like I said, it's just a healthy debate whether you like it or not. Like thank God me and my wife have the same political views. But if she didn't, I can't say, well I'm ending the marriage because You know some people who are You know voting for Trump or not voting for Trump because who he is, they, they might be voting for Trump because of a policy that they like. That's the thing I can debate over policy. Yeah. I can't debate over how you actually may feel about women If. you make comments like You know women that don't have children basically or less than or You know you take away a woman's right to choose you take away their reproductive. Right? That would cause some division in the house. That would be some arguments. Yeah, I was about to say, y'all both have daughters, right? So it's like when you guys, maybe particularly not, you maybe You know your wives or having conversations with your daughters about You know when they decide to start having boyfriends and sex and stuff like that.


There's a lot of different things that you guys are gonna have to talk to them about. And it does lessen their options. It does. It's just a lot of different things that they're gonna have to face that it would be very hard coming to one consensus if she believes one thing, which would be obvious because of her politics.


Hey, hey, gather round. I got the lowdown on the hottest show in town based on some shh that really happened. It's called Fight Night, the Million Dollar Heist Baby. It's about a job hustler who tangles with some Stone Cold Brothers and pays the price you dig. Starring Kevin Hart, Taraji p Henson, Terrance Howard with Don Cheadle and Samuel L. Jackson. Catch Fight Night. The million dollar heist streaming September 5th on Peacock. Right on.


Now back to the Funk Hybrid Nation season is over and it's time to get some sun outside. Gather your crew and hit the road in the spacious 2024 Nissan Pathfinder your getaway to larger than life adventures with spacious seating for eight and available panoramic moonroof. Everyone can enjoy the journey and soaking in the scenery of the great Outdoors. Plus with an available to capacity of up to 6,000 pounds. And an available intelligent four wheel drive feature with seven drive modes. You can take your favorite toys while victory on new terrains. Seize the thrill and star exploring with the 2024 Nissan Pathfinder today. Head over to Nissan usa.com to learn more intelligent, all-wheel drive cannot prevent collisions or provide enhanced traction in all conditions. Always monitor traffic and weather conditions. Towing capacity varies by configuration. See Nissan towing God and owner's manual for additional information. Always secure cargo.


But I wanna see, I wanna, that's the hard part. I wanna see a daddy who's in, who's, who's, who's a MAGA supporter, who's got young daughters, and what do you do when the daughter comes to you and says, why do you support them when they are the party that abolish women's reproductive rights? He's probably gonna stand on. I, I don't know the, it's a lot Of, but you have to talk to a Trump supporter and see why they're actually supporting Trump. You know, I mean, 'cause there's A lot of parents who believe In that's that's what you have To ask. Yeah. I mean there's nobody that's a one issue voter. Correct. But so let's just say you ignore the women's reproductive issue 'cause you support him. 'cause you like, I don't know, just stance on the economy. But my point is, what do you do when you got a young daughter and she comes to you and ask you about the women's reproductive rights part? Right? That's a hell of a discussion.


Well, Let's, let's go to the phone lines. We have Diane on line eight. Diane, good morning. Hi. Good morning. Hey, now what's your thoughts? Because you said your house is divided, right? Yes. Good morning, DJ Envy. Good morning, Shae. Good morning. Oh my God, good morning. Yes, my house is divided. I'm a Kamala Harris supporter and my husband is a Trump supporter, although he doesn't really invest himself in politics. So that's that. And, and how do you, is it cool? Do you, I I heard a, a kid in the background. Do you have young, young kids? I do have young kids. We're a blended family. He comes with two children of his own.


I have my oldest son who's serving, and we have two children together. So it's difficult when we have to like parent and inform our children on certain things because we actually don't see eye to eye. I'm not a Trump supporter for the simple fact of he's an immoral human being. And, I have daughters and nieces and cousins to think about. So do y'all have arguments? Sometimes it's gotten heated where I'm there like, are you like serious when he goes and tells me You know he's a very great businessman. I was like a sick, bankrupt person is a great businessman. How do you, how do you equate that?


Mm. And sometimes the, the, the arguments do get heated, but sometimes I just go, listen, I know we never gonna see eye to eye on this, but You know you can't promote somebody like this to our children. He kind of sends them a mixed message. I don't want our boys to even come close to emulating this man. You say that and you also gotta say whisper to him. Your support of Trump makes me very dry. Oh, Hey, I'm gonna use that next time. Thank you mama. Sounds like he used that one in the house before. Diane. All right, let's go. Hello. Who's this? Hello. Hey, what's your name?


Hi, this is E. Hey, E What's your, what's your stance as far as being in a relationship with somebody that may not see eye to eye on political views? Well, I'm in a relationship with somebody that doesn't have the same political views as me, and it's not a detriment to my relationship. What's at all's your views? Ebony, what's your views? Tell me what's your views first, I'm a democrat. I 100% believe in women's rights as a woman myself, as a black woman, Absolutely. Okay. But it's not a detriment to my relationship. It allows us to actually have You know healthy conversation. I get to see life through his eyes or You know the way in which he sees it. It gives me things to think about.


And I'm not necessarily worried about who I'm laying next to. If this person is gonna wake up and be somebody else, because he really stand on his business, like his You know his views and the way that he sees things. So it really allows me a real choice as to whether or not I'm gonna You know be with this person and the outlook on life and our future. So I feel like it, it, it shouldn't be a bad thing. I mean, just because I like steak fries and he like hash browns don't mean we should hate potatoes. It's the same thing. Like, well, well, we have to live in this country. I'm just ask, I'm just asking questions. I don't, I'm not judging. I don't, I don't really carry either way. I'm just asking questions. You said that you care about women's rights, so I'm assuming he's a Trump supporter, right?


Yes, he is. So not like a diehard, but he, he just sees things, certain things that Trump does. You know he, he agrees with. But we saw, we've seen he has, We See, we see the attack on women's reproductive rights, right? That they've waged And, I mean You know abolished Roe v. Wade. So what does he say about that in regards to your stance? Well, what I've just found out recently, we had that conversation, but we never would've had it if he didn't disagree with my view. So now You know, being a man, of course, his whole life he doesn't or did not see the way that I see reproduction. Reproduction, he sees it as like, oh, You know you're pregnant.


You should have it. And that's, that is murder, whatever, whatever. And then when I give him my stance on it and You know the, the way a woman may feel or the actual process and things of that nature, the history of it, because he wasn't given that it gives him something to think about. He's not so extreme with his thinking now that he sees or hears a different point of view. And I'm the same way. I can't You know. I'm not so rah rah about disliking the Republic Party when he's giving me his reasons as to why he agrees with what they stand for. I can't be mad at that. It's a healthy relationship. Every relationship has debate.


I would hope. A healthy debate, healthy Dialogue. I like that. 805 8 5 1 0 5 1. Could you be in a relationship or date somebody that you don't see eye to eye on political views? Let's discuss this. The Breakfast, Club Come on. If y'all talking about it, You know we talking about it. It's topic time. Call 805 8 5 1 0 5 1 to join into the discussion with The Breakfast Club. Morning everybody. It's DJ nv. Just hilarious. Charlamagne the guy. We are The. Breakfast. Club. Now Lauren Laro is filling in for Jess and if you're just joining us 805 8 5 1 0 5 1, we're asking could you be in a relationship with somebody.


If, you don't see eye to eye on political Views. Now Lauren came up with this topic, which is crazy 'cause You know, I would think any topic about being in a relationship would be triggering to her. But I Triggering. Huh? Why would it be triggering? I'm sorry, I was talking Why You are a young, I didn't beautiful, intelligent woman with all of her life ahead of her potentials. Why would it be triggering Potential. What? Potentially you need to stop minding my business. Wow. That's what it's giving. Okay, Well let's, let's go to the phone lines. We have Orlando on the line. Orlando, good morning. What Up DJ Envy. Hope all is well with you. Hello Charlamagne. And to that young lady, how y'all doing? Peace. Orlando, are you calling from Florida? Nope, I'm calling from the D. What up Though? Okay, what up D? He Said what up D Jesus.


Now what, what's your opinion? Orlando? Charlamagne be on Charla ain't be on that stuff. Worry About the wrong stuff all The time Stuff all something wrong. I'm gonna be honest with you, something wrong with me. Soon As you said the de was confused with that Bro. But, but basically in my opinion, I believe you got a few different aspects of it. First If, you are different racist. So if I'm a black man and which I am and I'm married to a white woman, I don't think it would work if we have different political views. 'cause say she's Republican and I'm Democrat and hi Tamika. Mallory just came up there and she talked about a police killing you go home, try to talk to your wife. Y'all might have different ideas. That's right. Now if you're married to somebody that's black, I think people evolve because my experience, I've been a democrat all my life until the last election.


I voted green and the older I become the more, more money I'm making. I have more Republican views and conservative views than I do democratic views now. And my wife, she's not too political, but I'm certain she's still Democrat. And since I'm more political, it's not a regular conversation in a household too much. We talk debate about something, but it really don't affect our marriage at all. I think there's nuance to that though, because I don't know If you necessarily have conservative views. You just might believe what some conservative economic policies, I believe. I don't believe you have conservative views overall. Right Now Gino is here And he hung up on the guy.


Yeah, 'cause we gotta get to another call. Hello Gino. Good morning. Good morning. What up though? This is Gino. What up though? Charlamagne? What up? What up though? Vy? What up though, Lauren? You calling From on top of the D Oh my goodness. You see coming call Detroit. But yeah, I, I just want to comment on the topic and I believe yeah, you, you should If you in a relationship and you should You know what I'm saying? Like go the same way I believe as the head of the household, whether that's a man or whether that's a woman You. know what I'm saying? But am I going, am I going to force you to do that? No, I'm not a controlling person. Not in that way, You know what I'm saying? You, you should had an option to do that. It shouldn't be a, a competition and you be combative and and just be, just to do it.


Just to go against that person. Okay. I agree. I think there's a lot of nuance in the answers that we're getting this time versus what I felt like people felt like a few years ago. Why y'all think that is? It's a good, it's a good thing. It could be a bad thing. It could be a good thing to do. I think people are paying attention a little bit more and they're more politically sophisticated. But what I would say, if you're paying attention more in 2024 than you were in 2020, I don't see how you could be a man in a relationship with a woman and support Donald Trump. Just, just, just because of everything he's done to, to attack women's reproductive rights. Then you get a, a vice president and JD Vance who says things like You know childless cat.


Women shouldn't be able to vote 'cause they don't really care about the future 'cause they're not invested in it. As a man with a, with a wife and daughters. I don't see how you can support that. But people aren't 1 1 1 interest voters either though. So You know they might have other interests. Yeah, I don't Know. A lot of people feel that, that Trump is, is a businessman and he runs the country like a business. A lot of people feel like Trump is very America first. A lot of people feel like Trump will cut tax rates. So people look at different sides. I'm with Charlemagne when it comes to as far as women's rights, but You know people look at You, know what's best for them as far as policy are concerned. And I is the relationship You know it is what it Is. I do like the households that can have healthy discussions about It. It should be able to have debates and that Healthy discussion is is different.


'cause if it, I don't, I honestly don't even see how the discussion could be healthy because every, because the way that the politicians set each other up, everything is so divisive now. It's true. But If, you could do it healthy. I think maybe that's a good example for the kids. I just keep thinking about like, how do you raise your kids? 'cause I just remember growing up and like, yeah, your Kids make their Own decision. It was such a big thing. I think My daughter's 20, 22 years old, Madison's 22. We talk about everything in the house. And now if, if she says, dad, I want to go this way or dad, I, I I believe in this candidate, I'm not gonna say, well get out my house. That's her. That's her opinion. That's what her thoughts, that's what we raise our kids to do. To be thinkers that You know you think outside the box, think what you believe. Don't be a sheep. Don't follow the crowd.


You, you, you do your research and you think how you want to think. You come up with your opinion based off of your research. Not anybody else. But That, that one, that young lady who called did make a good point. She said that when she feels a way about her husband's views or her husband feels a way about her views, they have a discussion about it and sometimes they can see where the other person is coming from. Correct. Right. That's all I care about If. you make a decision. I'm fine with your decision as long as it's coming from an informed place. That's right. You Know. Alright, well we got just with the mess with Lauren LaRosa coming up. Yes, we do. Steve Harvey threw some Subliminals, not really even Subliminals threw some shots back at Kat Williams. And he also commented on, not directly though, but he commented on what I think was Mike Rubin's comments up here about the black community hating on each other.


Okay, we'll get into that. Nexus. The. Breakfast Club. Good morning The. Breakfast Club Is real. Jessica Robin Moore. Just don't do no lie. Don't do, she don't spell nobody Worldwide mess on The. Breakfast Club. The coaches. Lauren. Lauren Osa. I'm back. And, I got the mess. Talk to me. Well just side note, the reason the the board are a little off out. I Shut up and stop. Now you Gotta tell us. You gotta tell people 'cause it just, it sounds crazy. Yeah, I was gonna tell 'em. Got it. Gotta you gotta sound It sounds crazy. Our board op is on vacation and one of our producers is out. So Art is holding it down.


He's doing The best that he can. Shut up. I tell him the truth. This please just hold the truth. That's half of the truth. Don't get me started. Damn Radio. Go ahead. Go ahead Lauren. Don't let him talk to no new hires. So, so real quick before we get into Steve Harvey, I did wanna make mention when we talked about Alicia Keys, that was from a TikTok that was from Central C'S Ex-girlfriend Madeline. I figured that she was recreating. Yeah. 'cause Madeline had the viral video of her crying asking What do DJs do? So DJs have started remixing it and also criticizing her. So of course people started remixing Alicia Keys and started criticizing her. But moving on, Steve Harvey had Invest Fest. He had a few things to say. Number one about Kat Williams and about when Michael Rubin was up here talking about the black community.


Let's take a listen to the Kat Williams stuff. You'll never have a hater that's doing better than you. Better always know that. Don't get off the wall to dress. So Penny, any ass boy who ain't got for his self. Now you stop your climb up on the wall so you can come down here and talk to his little punk. Don't do that man. I I stay away from it. Now do I want Yes, because I'm a human being. And, I Hood. And. I used to be a fighter. And I still got hands. They slow. But If, you get up on me real close. I can knock your I I I turn hip and weight And I knock your short ass out.


I shoot your perm straight out your mouth. Okay. Unc Uncle Steve be cooking though, don't He? The funniest part about that And I think when, because the video was kind of blurry. It looked like he leaned back and grabbed his cigar. He let his cigar right after that. He probably crossed his leg. Okay. Unc. Right. So because he said the whole perm thing and mentioned the height. Everybody's like, this is definitely about in response to Kat Williams. Remember Kat Williams was on Club Shaha? Yep. And he said that Steve Harvey couldn't get a job in Hollywood. 'cause he was a country bumpkin black dude that can't talk good Shit. Now he got several. Oh. But I will say this about Steve Harvey and Kat Williams. I don't wanna see either one of them brothers fighting. They're not gonna fight You. know what I'm saying? Yeah, I understand. Like Steve said, he's human so he feels that way. But you don't, You don't wanna see that. And he said he still got hands. You, y'all still got hands?


Who? Yeah. How old Are y'all? Yeah. When do you lose your Hands? You don't never lose your hands. You just lose your stamina and all that other Stuff. I have no idea if I still got hands. You never know until you get in a fight. All these, all these old my Fs be out here talking about they got hands until they get in a fight and then they like, damn. Somebody like you need to be practicing you 30 seconds once a week. You need to figure that out once a week. 'cause you be so May knock somebody out. First of all, 10 years ago. Yeah. Like 29 years. 2004. No, I know he knocked him out like big. Were People still did the first have baggy jeans and just couldn't get away? Let Tell y'all something. No, he was big in Charlamagne and snuck Charlamagne from behind. Well, we and Charlamagne turned around. Charlamagne ain't trying to fight nobody out. We are not. Charlamagne has hired armed security that will legally pop you.


I know that's right. We both had Charlemagne used to have hands fighting. Put him on his desk. I was impressed. You were I was impressed. You liked his voice. It turned you on. I did. Okay. All right. You did. I ain't got no hands. Well, speaking of keeping peace amongst our community, Steve Harvey also did address that And I believe that this was in response to Michael Rubin being up here and saying that black people hate on each other too much. Take a listen. We have got to change the way we look out for one another. We have gotta build in more in the build up business than the tear down business. We got white folks coming on podcasts talking about how we ought to act towards each other. We don't need white folks checking us, telling us how to be towards each other.


We know how to be towards one another. We just gotta get in charge of it. We gotta start checking one another. When you see these cats over here wasting your time on podcasts with all this negativity. Why is it so many clicks and likes, man? Why don't we ever check people on that? Why don't we defend one another? What happened to being happy for people in love? What happened to cheering for families? What happened to wanting this brother's business to win? UNC is absolutely right. He's right. But everybody can't go. Okay. No, no. UNC is right. He's right. But everybody can't go. And The Breakfast love is is was, he was talking about Mike Rubin. But Mike Rubin started a conversation that people are now talking about.


This was, this was something that's been happening for years. So although people are mad that Mike Rubin started that conversation, people are having that conversation and hopefully things do change. I wouldn't even say he started it. I think he just made people like it. It stung a little bit. So it made people get a little louder. Hey man, everybody can't go. Okay. Build the arc. All right. You know more wall build the A. Now you want an Arc. He don't got no walls No more. You said he got No wall. Build the wall too before the wall Before he won the war. No. It'd be What, but I'd rather build the arc. 'cause when you see the person building the arc, you can either assist the person and You know. Get on the arc with 'em, but if not, when it start raining, ill see you later. Let 'em drown. All Right, well that is just with the Mess with Lauren Osa.


All right, keep it locked. It's The, Breakfast Club. It's the People's Choice. Mix up next. Don't go anywhere. The Breakfast Club. Your mornings will never be the same Morning everybody. It's DEJ Envy, Jess Charlamagne, the guy. We are The. Breakfast Club. Lauren LaRose is filling in for Jess and we gotta salute Tamika Mallory for joining us this morning. That's Right. Salute to the good sister Tamika Mallory. Man, make sure you check out what they're doing with the Our Freedom Project. The Project Freedom Project. And she's got a new book coming out in February. It'll be available for pre-order this fall. So Yep. And also Angelo Pinto, who joined her this morning flew To the good brother Angelo, man.


Alright, when we come back, we got the positive note and more. So don't move. It's The. Breakfast. Club. Good morning. Morning everybody. It's DJ Envy. Jess. Hilarious. Charlamagne the guy. We are The Breakfast Club. We're still here with Lauren Lar filling in for Jess. Yes sir. It's time to get up outta here. How you feeling? Three weeks in. You all right? I Feel great. Yeah. Have been There for three weeks. It's been three weeks. Damn. Is that a good thing? Yeah. Is just time flies. I was like three weeks already. Lord have mercy. Oh Yeah. It's been three weeks. Are you feeling good though? I felt Great. Yeah. Still feeling love. You still like this guy over there? Yeah, he all right. Alright. Just making sure He like a fake friend. It's like If. you keep your enemies close so you can like watch him. Yeah. Yeah. Too bad you can't keep any other man close.


You'd love to have a man close, wouldn't You? I've been walking right into him all day because he loved to have a man close too. Right? Listen, wow. Closer than Envy. I want to tell everybody that I will be speaking at Global Citizens on September 28th in Central Park in New York City. So make sure you go get your tickets for that And I. Wanna tell everybody in New Orleans on September 20th at 7:30 PM I'll be at Baldwin in company. Okay. Signing copies of my new book, get Honest or Dieline, why Small Talk Sucks. So come check me out. New Orleans, September 20th, 7:30 PM Baldwin Company. Go get your tickets right now. Okay? Ctg vco.eventbrite.com to get you tickets from New Orleans. All right.


September 20th, I will be there. Okay. Okay. Okay. Now the positive. Notice this, man. It's just something to think about. I saw it on one of my favorite Instagram pages. Fight through Mental Health. We don't realize that the first sign our mental health is suffering isn't a panic attack or an emotional breakdown. It starts with waking up exhausted even after sufficient sleep. Difficulty getting outta bed, frequent headaches, lack of motivation, gut issues, skin issues, muscle aches to need to distance yourself. Irritability, disturb sleep, low energy, feeling lost to stuck memory struggles, self-sabotage, behaviors, brain fog, fatigue. Your body speaks to you listen to it before it has to scream. Have a blessed day. Breakfast Club Bitches.


I'm Finish or y'all done?


Hey. Hey. Gather Round. I got the lowdown on the hottest show in town based on some shh that really happened. It's called Fight Night, the Million Dollar Heist, baby. It's about a job hustler who tangles with some stone Cold Brothers and pays the price you dig. Starring Kevin Hart, Taraji p Henson, Terrence Howard with Don Cheadle and Samuel L. Jackson. Catch Fight Night. The million dollar Heist streaming September 5th on Peacock. Right on. Now, back to the Funk.